###chapter1
Chapter 1 
Anna Brown looked at the divorce papers on the table that her husband had already signed. 
She looked in the direction of the window with tears in her eyes. Justin Salvador was standing there in the glow of the afternoon sun, looking as perfect and cold as a stone sculpture and emanating an oppressive vibe. 
“I’ve signed the papers. You should sign them as soon as possible so that we can finalize the divorce before Rose comes home.” 
Justin put his hands behind his back and said, without glancing at her, “Since we had a prenuptial agreement, there won’t be any issues with property division. But as compensation, I will give you an additional $20 million as well as the villa in the western suburbs. After all, I won’t be able to explain it to Grandpa if you leave without taking a cent.” 
Anna was dumbstruck. “Does Grandpa know that you want to divorce me?” 
“Grandpa’s opinion won’t affect my decision.” 
Anna’s slender body shook, so she could only hold onto the edge of the table to stabilize herself. Tears streamed down her face as she asked, “Justin, can we please stay married?” 
Finally, Justin turned around and looked at her doubtfully. 
He pursed his thin lips and narrowed his dark eyes. His handsome face still made Anna’s heart skip a beat. 
“Why?”
“Because I love you.” 
Anna’s eyes were red and tearful. “Justin, I love you. I still want to be your wife even if you don’t have feelings for me…” 
“I’ve had enough of this, Anna. A marriage without love is torture for me.” 
Justin waved her off. He did not even have the patience to listen to her. “Our marriage was a mistake from the start. You knew that I was just fighting with Grandpa back then. You also knew that I liked Rose. I just couldn’t be with her back then for certain reasons. She’s coming back from Meridan soon, and I plan to marry her, so you have to leave now that our three-year contract period is up.” 
Anna lowered her head. Large teardrops fell on the table, but she quickly wiped them away. 
Justin noticed it, but he did not say a word. 
At this time, his phone rang. He quickly answered the call when he saw the name on the screen. 
“Rose, have you boarded the plane yet?” 
He had such a gentle tone that Anna wondered if it came from the same man who was so cold to her 
moments ago. 
Rosalind Gold said in a cheery voice over the phone, “Justin, I’m already at the Savrow Airport.” 
“What? Weren’t you supposed to get in tonight?” 
“I wanted to surprise you!” 
“Wait for me, Rose. I’ll pick you up now!”
After that, Justin left in a hurry. 
When the door slammed shut, Anna felt heartbroken and abandoned. 
She had sacrificed so much for the Salvadors and had devoted herself to Justin during their marriage. 
In the end, he only thought of her decade-long crush and three years of marriage as torture. 
Justin acted as if he had been released from serving a three-year prison sentence and hurriedly abandoned Anna at the first opportunity. This was so that he could marry his childhood sweetheart, Rosalind Gold, whom he had been longing for. 
Anna was crushed and disheartened to find that she could not do anything to win over Justin’s heart. 
She took a deep breath, smiled wryly, and shook her head. Her indignant tears smudged Justin’s beautiful signature on the divorce papers. 
In the evening, Justin brought Rosalind back to Tideview Manor. 
Justin, the second son of the affluent Salvador family, carried a demure woman in bridal style as he walked into the manor, attracting everyone’s attention. 1 
“Justin, you’re not divorced yet, so we shouldn’t be so intimate. Otherwise, Anna will resent me if she sees us.” Rosalind rubbed Justin’s chest as she spoke softly. 
“She won’t.” 
Justin’s eyes turned cold as he said, “So what if she sees us? I don’t love her. She’s only my wife in name, so she should know her place.” 
The Salvadors gathered around Rosalind and greeted her while Anna was setting the table in the dining room.
Justin caught a glimpse of his wife’s lonely figure and smirked, thinking, ‘How could Anna be so servile to my family? Did she think that doing so would make me change my mind about the divorce? How ridiculous!’ 
“Young Master Justin!” After a while, the butler ran over to Justin. “Young Madam just left!” 
“She left? When?” 
“Just now! She didn’t take anything with her. She just took off her apron and left through the back door. A black car picked her up.” 
Justin hurried back to the bedroom, which was clean and tidy. He saw the signed and tear-stained divorce agreement on the bedside table. 
He frowned and walked over to the window, just in time to see a black Rolls-Royce driving away from Tideview Manor. Soon, its tail lights disappeared into the night. 
Justin thought to himself, ‘Wasn’t she reluctant to leave in the afternoon? It looks like she can’t wait 
to leave right now!’ 1 
He felt that Anna had played him like a fool, so he took out his phone and called his secretary indignantly. 
“Check whose car this belongs to. License plate number SA9999.” 
“Yes, Sir.” 
Five minutes later, Justin’s secretary called him back. “Mr. Salvador, I found out that the car with that 
license plate number belongs to the CEO of KS Group.”
KS Group’s CEO was the eldest son of the Thompson family, Asher. 
Anna came from a small town. She was poor and did not have any connections. During the past three years, Justin noticed that Anna did not even have a social circle because all she did was stay at home. How did she manage to get acquainted with Asher Thompson? 
Justin thought that Anna had already found herself a rebound guy. 
“Mr. Salvador, did you bring up the divorce with the young madam today?” His secretary asked 
tentatively. 
“Of course! Why would I drag it out?” Justin felt frustrated. 
“Oh… But it’s the young madam’s birthday today.” 
Justin was taken aback when he heard this. 
In the back row of the black Rolls-Royce, Asher, the eldest son of the prestigious Thompson family, gently held Anna’s hand. 
“Your second brother prepared a fireworks show for you tonight to celebrate your return.” 
“I’m really not in the mood to watch fireworks.” 
Anna resumed her identity as Bella Thompson, the heiress of the Thompson family. She leaned on her eldest brother’s shoulder and burst into tears. 
She glanced at her old phone and read the last message she received, which was from Rosalind. 
[You stole Justin from me. I told you that I’d make you give him up sooner or later. Justin is mine, so stop pestering him!]
She smiled tearfully with her eyes closed and came to a realization. 
“What’s wrong? Do you still miss him after all he has done to you?” Asher hugged his sister in 
distress. 
“Ash, it’s my birthday today…” 
“I know. Justin is a jerk for choosing to divorce you today of all days.” 
“That’s why I have no regrets. Justin just killed Anna Brown.” 
When she opened her eyes again, she was no longer Anna Brown, the dutiful wife of Justin Salvador. Instead, she was once again Bella Thompson, the proud heiress of KS Group. This time, she would no longer be hung up on that man. 
Bella said, “I’m over him. I’ll be damned if I ever go back to him.”
###chapter2
Rosalind was Mrs. Salvador’s niece, so she stayed and enjoyed a nice family dinner with the Salvadors. 
Justin was the only one with a frown. He had no appetite because Anna left with Asher Thompson. 
She did not even take anything with her, nor did she accept his $20 million compensation or the villa. 
“Where’s Anna? Why didn’t she come down for dinner?” Gregory Salvador, Justin’s father, asked in 
surprise. 
“We’ve already signed the divorce papers.” Justin lowered his eyes and replied, “I will finalize the divorce as soon as possible.” 
Gregory was stunned. “Divorce? Why?!” 
“Oh, Greg, I already told you a long time ago that Justin and Anna aren’t suited for each other. Your father was the one who forced them to get married.” 
Justin’s stepmother, Shannon Quarry, sighed and continued, “That poor child has been suffering for three years. Now that she’s willing to let go of Justin, they could both live their own lives. This is actually a good thing for them. As you know, Justin has always been in love with Rose.” 
“Justin, marriage is not child’s play. Anna is also…” 
“Dad, we have signed the divorce papers, and Anna has already left.” Justin frowned in frustration. 
“Wow, I didn’t expect that country bumpkin to have the backbone to leave.” Bethany Salvador, Justin’s half-sister, sneered. “Is she just trying to play the pity card? Will she go around saying that our family
mistreated her?” 
Justin was infuriated when he heard this. 
“Justin, you’re too rash. Your grandfather is still ill. How are you going to explain this to him without aggravating him?” Gregory was afraid of angering his father and felt a little anxious. 
“I’ll just tell Grandpa the truth. I will also publicly announce my marital news with Rose next month.” 
Rosalind stared at the man’s handsome side profile, completely smitten. 
“That’s absurd! Your reputation will be ruined if word gets out that you abandoned your wife of three 
years!” 
“I never cared about my reputation, and I never loved Anna.” Justin was resolute. He showed no trace of regret. 
“Uncle Greg, please don’t blame Justin. It’s all my fault.” 
Rosalind leaned her head on Justin’s broad shoulders and added, “I shouldn’t have come back to 
Justin… I’ll go back to Meridan first thing tomorrow. Justin, you should get back together with Anna. I don’t want to be the one who breaks you up…” 
“Rose, none of this is your fault.” 
Justin’s eyes darkened as he held her slender hand and said, “Anna and I are over. You’ve been patient enough to wait for me for three years, so I won’t let you suffer for another day.” 
The evening breeze was cool and rejuvenating.
Asher took Bella on a yacht on the Moon River to enjoy the city’s magnificent night view. 
“Ash, are you trying to rub it in my face?!” 
Bella looked at the couples around her, feeling dejected. “This is a popular dating spot! I don’t even 
dare to come here because of all the PDA.” 
“Oh? Well, you can blame your second brother for that. He said that he would set off fireworks here at 8:00 p.m. sharp.” 
Asher elegantly raised his wrist and looked at his watch. “Five, four, three, two, one…” 
“Boom!” 
A huge display of purple and red fireworks bloomed in the sky. 
All the young couples on the deck gradually gathered on the river bank. 
“This is so lame.” Bella clicked her tongue and shook her head, but she was touched. 
“Think about all the weird gifts you’ve received from him over the years. This is quite an improvement.” 
Asher put an arm around his sister’s shoulder and gently pulled her closer. “You have more gifts piled up in your room. Bella, there are a lot of people who love and care about you, so you should focus on 
that instead.” 
Bella suddenly felt a tingling sensation in her nose. She was touched by her brothers’ support. 
At this moment, a black Maybach stopped on the roadside. 
Justin took Rosalind’s hand and stepped out of the car. It was chilly at night, so Rosalind stuck to
Justin’s chest. 
“Wow, those fireworks are beautiful! Justin, look!” 
Rosalind was always so cute and innocent in front of Justin, which was what he liked most about her. 
On the other hand, Anna was plain boring. Justin did not like her at all. 
In their past three years of marriage, the only advantage was her obedience and subservience. 
But to Justin, that was not worth anything because he was in love with Rosalind. 
Justin and Rosalind walked to the railing and saw that the fireworks formed the words “Happy 
Birthday!”. 
“Oh, it’s someone’s birthday! I wonder who’s so lucky to get such a gift.” Rosalind sighed enviously. 
Justin narrowed his eyes and pressed his lips into a thin line. He felt a little frustrated. 
It was Anna’s birthday. Did Asher prepare this fireworks show for her? 
Suddenly, a familiar and pleasant voice reached Justin’s ears. 
A yacht passed by in front of them, and Justin saw the outstanding couple that was standing on the deck. It was none other than Anna and Asher. 
“Huh? Isn’t that Anna? Who is the man next to her? He looks really familiar. They also look very close,” Rosalind said innocently. 
Justin’s face turned glum. The veins on the back of his hand were bulging from holding onto the railing too hard.
He thought, ‘I knew it! We haven’t finalized the divorce, but that woman couldn’t wait to run into another man’s arms! Why did she have to cry so pitifully this afternoon then?’ 2 
The yacht went around the bay twice and docked at the shore. 
After the crowd dispersed, Asher put an arm around Bella’s waist and led her down the steps. 
“Anna Brown!” 
Upon hearing that name, Bella felt her body tense up. 
She looked back slowly and saw Justin striding toward her under the dim street lights. His handsome face still stunned her every time. 
But even so, her 13 years of infatuation for him were over. Justin had completely broken her heart. 
“Who is he?” Justin’s expression was cold and oppressive. 
“Mr. Salvador, it seems like you have a poor memory.” 
Asher hugged his sister tightly and smiled handsomely. “We’ve met more than once, being rivals in the industry.” 
“Anna, answer my question.” Justin ignored Asher and pressed forward. 
“We are divorced, Mr. Salvador. Who this gentleman is has nothing to do with you,” Bella retorted in 
a cold voice. 
Justin looked shocked. He could not believe that the submissive Anna would talk to him in such an 
indifferent tone.
“We haven’t officially divorced yet, and you can’t wait to be with another man?” 
Asher thought, ‘How could this jerk sound so righteous when he was the one who had an affair first?!’ 
Asher’s eyes darkened. Just as he was about to step forward, Bella stopped him. 
Seeing this, Justin became more upset because she defended another man. 
“Mr. Salvador, we’re not officially divorced yet, but you couldn’t wait to bring your sweetheart back home. I didn’t even say a word about that, so what right do you have to stop me from being with someone else?” 
Bella’s black hair swayed in the wind. Her red lips curled up into a sneer, but she was so stunningly beautiful. Justin had never seen her so untamable and bold. 1 
Bella continued, “Don’t you think that’s a double standard?” 
Justin was rendered speechless. 
Rosalind, who had lost track of Justin earlier, finally caught up. She was angry when she saw Justin with Anna, so she stomped on her high heels and accidentally sprained her ankle. 
She fell to the ground and screamed. “Ah! Justin! My feet hurt so much!” 
Justin returned to his senses and hurriedly turned around to help Rosalind get up from the ground. 
When he turned back, Bella and Asher had already disappeared.
###chapter3
The Rolls-Royce drove to Yara Park, which was the Thompson family’s residence in Hatchbay. 
The car stopped in the middle of the red carpet that was laid out at the front entrance. In the center stood Axel Thompson, Bella’s second brother. He opened the car door for Bella and greeted her. 
“Welcome home, Princess!” 
Bella looked stunning under the bright lights in the mansion. She had taken off her sneakers and changed into stilettos earlier in the car. When she got out of the car, she looked like a proud queen. 
“Ax, how have you been?” 
“I’m fine, but I’m feeling much better now that you’re back! Are the fireworks nice? My birthday gift for you has gone viral online!” Axel’s handsome face was filled with excitement. 
“Yeah, I saw it. People are saying that you’re a filthy rich bastard trying to win over someone’s heart. That’s quite an achievement, huh?” Bella clapped her hands and smiled brightly at Axel. 
Axel ignored her mockery and hugged her tightly. 
“Bella, you won’t leave again, right?” 
“Where else will I go now that I’m divorced?” 
Bella patted her second brother’s back and sighed in relief. “Well, I’ve let everyone down. I thought I could win him over if I put all my effort into this marriage. But in the end, I failed miserably.” 
Only God knew how devastated she was at the moment. She wanted to cry, but she held back.
Bella swore that she would never shed another tear for Justin after she left Tideview Manor because 
he was not worth it. 
“That asshole! How dare he cheat on my sister?! I’ll start a thorough investigation on Salvador Corporation tomorrow and get your fourth brother to assassinate Justin when he’s free!” 
When Asher heard this, he lowered his eyelids and said, “Amen.” 
“Ax, don’t create trouble! You’re a public prosecutor!” Bella laughed bitterly. “Can you be a little more ‘peace and love’ like Ash?” 
“What the fuck! Your eldest brother only became a saint after he stopped being a mobster!” Axel tugged on his tie angrily. “Anyway, I won’t let this go! I won’t stand by and watch Justin bully my sister. The Salvadors are on my radar now.” 
Bella held Asher and Axel’s hands as she walked into the home she had not returned to in a long time. 
When Wyatt Thompson, the chairman of KS Group, heard that his daughter was back, he could not hide his joy and paced around the study excitedly. 
“Wyatt, I’m back!” 
The Rolls-Royce drove to Yara Park, which was the Thompson family’s residence in Hatchbay. 
The car stopped in the middle of the red carpet that was laid out at the front entrance. In the center stood Axel Thompson, Bella’s second brother. He opened the car door for Bella and greeted her. 
“Welcome home, Princess!” 
Bella looked stunning under the bright lights in the mansion. She had taken off her sneakers and changed into stilettos earlier in the car. When she got out of the car, she looked like a proud queen.
“Ax, how have you been?” 
“I’m fine, but I’m feeling much better now that you’re back! Are the fireworks nice? My birthday gift for you has gone viral online!” Axel’s handsome face was filled with excitement. 
“Yeah, I saw it. People are saying that you’re a filthy rich bastard trying to win over someone’s heart. That’s quite an achievement, huh?” Bella clapped her hands and smiled brightly at Axel. 
Axel ignored her mockery and hugged her tightly. 
“Bella, you won’t leave again, right?”. 
“Where else will I go now that I’m divorced?” 
Bella patted her second brother’s back and sighed in relief. “Well, I’ve let everyone down. I thought I could win him over if I put all my effort into this marriage. But in the end, I failed miserably.” 
Only God knew how devastated she was at the moment. She wanted to cry, but she held back. 
Bella swore that she would never shed another tear for Justin after she left Tideview Manor because 
he was not worth it. 
“That asshole! How dare he cheat on my sister?! I’ll start a thorough investigation on Salvador Corporation tomorrow and get your fourth brother to assassinate Justin when he’s free!” 
When Asher heard this, he lowered his eyelids and said, “Amen.” 
“Ax, don’t create trouble! You’re a public prosecutor!” Bella laughed bitterly. “Can you be a little more ‘peace and love’ like Ash?”
“What the fuck! Your eldest brother only became a saint after he stopped being a mobster!” Axel tugged on his tie angrily. “Anyway, I won’t let this go! I won’t stand by and watch Justin bully my sister. The Salvadors are on my radar now.” 
Bella held Asher and Axel’s hands as she walked into the home she had not returned to in a long time. 
When Wyatt Thompson, the chairman of KS Group, heard that his daughter was back, he could not hide his joy and paced around the study excitedly. 
“Wyatt, I’m back!” 
Bella walked into the study with her two brothers. She no longer had to act demure, like she did when she was living with the Salvadors. Now, she simply lay on the sofa, lifted her legs, and kicked off her high heels. 
Asher sat down next to her and started to give his sister a foot rub. 
“Can you sit properly? Did you join Doctors Without Borders or the militants?” 
Wyatt deliberately kept a straight face. He was always at odds with Bella. He would miss her when she was not around, but when she was at home, he would always get agitated. 
“Are you showing signs of Alzheimer’s? I used to sit like this all the time!” 
Bella raised her eyelids and looked up at the wall. Her heart trembled when she saw the “poem” she had written more than ten years ago hanging there. 
Unexpectedly, her father actually framed it. 
The first line of the poem was: Were you trying to emulate Henry VIII with all your wives? 
The second line was: Here’s hoping that your heart doesn’t go into overdrive!
The final line was: One day, you’ll pay your penance. 
This was the wedding “gift” that Bella gave to her father when he got married for the third time. 
Wyatt Thompson had four wives, which had become the talk of the town. 
Bella was dissatisfied with her father’s polygyny, so she went abroad and joined Doctors Without Borders, helping the world in her own way. 
“The first thing you do after three years of being out in the wild is curse me to get Alzheimer’s. How considerate of you!” Wyatt shouted angrily. 
“Thanks for the compliment, Daddy!” Bella pretended not to understand Wyatt’s sarcasm and smiled 
sweetly at him. 
“Dad, now that Bella is back, some things should be expedited.” Asher put on his sister’s shoes and said seriously, “I decided to give up my position as CEO of KS Group to Bella.” 
Bella narrowed her eyes and stared at her eldest brother’s handsome side profile. 
“You!” Wyatt was so angry that he did not know what to say for a moment. 
“I only promised to run KS Group for 3 years. Now that the three-year period is up, I’m going back to the church. As you know, being a CEO isn’t my ambition. My lifelong dream is to become a pastor.” At this moment, Asher radiated such holiness and determination that his decision seemed unquestionable. 
“Fine, if you don’t want to be CEO, then Ax can take over!” Wyatt was forced to choose his second son.
“No, no, no, no, no! I’m a public servant, so I can’t hold such positions in a conglomerate. Otherwise, I’ll get suspended!” Axel quickly deflected this responsibility. His face turned pale with fright. 
Wyatt was vexed. What was the point of having so many sons if none of them were willing to take over the family business? 
His health was deteriorating by the year, and he had long planned to retire. But none of his children were capable enough to inherit his business empire. 
Wyatt had an old-fashioned belief that his heir should be one of his sons. 
“Who says women are inferior to men? I will become the CEO!” Bella curled her red lips and raised her chin proudly. 
“Do you think you can just be a CEO if you want to? Do you think this is child’s play? Will you be able to lead the company to success? Do you even know how to do business?” 
Wyatt was a wise old man. He could barely hide his anger and disappointment. “Also, you’re temperamental! You disappear for years whenever you disagree with me! Do you know how worried your stepmothers and I were? We thought you were blown to pieces at the border!” 
Bella’s heart ached, and her eyes turned slightly red. 
Even though she held a grudge against her father for being unfaithful to her mother, she still felt guilty for keeping her marriage to Justin a secret from him. 
“Dad, Bella is just as capable as I am.” 
Asher gracefully picked up a teacup and took a sip. “Do you still remember the financial turmoil our company faced four years ago? Bella was the one who proposed various effective control measures. Bella also pulled several all-nighters working on the Walter Group acquisition plan two years ago.”
Wyatt was surprised to hear this. 
“Dad, in fact, Bella is the calmest and most resourceful person in our family. You’ve always had a reputation for hiring the right people, making good use of them, and recruiting talent. Why won’t you use a talent that is right in front of you now?” Axel also tried his best to persuade Wyatt. 
Wyatt pondered for a while. Then he said in a resounding voice, “Fine. Bella, if you want to run the company, then you’ll have to pass my test. Consider this your birthday gift from me!” 
Bella sat up straight, and her charming eyes lit up. 
“You can take a few days off before you report to work at the KS World Hotel in Savrow next week. If you can revamp the hotel within six months and make it profitable, I will consider making you the CEO of KS Group!” 
When the Thompson siblings came out of the study, Asher and Axel immediately placed their hands 
on Bella’s shoulders. 
Asher said, “God only gives big responsibilities to great people.” 
“Well, I guess you’ll have to clean up that mess of a hotel first.” Axel sighed. 
“I know. That old geezer is just trying every possible way to make me back down, but it’s a pity that his tricks won’t work on me. I’m like a diamond that forms beautifully under pressure!” Bella clenched her fists. Her ambition, which had been hibernating for the past three years, was finally 
awakened. 
Her brothers looked at each other and smiled. 
“Great! We’re counting on you to grant us our freedom!”
###chapter4
Five days later, Justin called his secretary, Ian Harris, to the office after breakfast. 
“Did you find out more about Anna?” 
The man faced the floor-to-ceiling window and looked out at Savrow’s city view. His big and tall build exuded an extremely oppressive vibe. 
“Um… I’m sorry, Mr. Salvador. There has been no progress.” 
Ian wiped his sweat nervously. “After the young madam left that night, she didn’t go back to the nursing home where she used to work. I also went to Fogville, her hometown, to investigate in person, but the address she provided before was fake. The Brown family didn’t exist in that small 
town. 
“The address was fake?!” Justin turned around abruptly. His eyes were dark and terrifying. 
“Yes. I went to the local police station to check her details, but they couldn’t find anyone that fit the young madam’s description.” 
Ian had addressed Bella as the “young madam” for three years, so it took some time to change this 
habit. 
Justin was shocked. He thought, ‘Who the hell did I marry? A spy?’ 
“She left with Asher Thompson that night. Couldn’t you find any clues from him?” 
“If Mr. Thompson has the intention to hide the young madam, we probably won’t be able to find
anything…” 
The words “hide the young madam” made Justin’s eyebrows shoot up in anger. 
“Asher Thompson has always been a decent man. How could he steal my wife?” 
“Well… It doesn’t really count as stealing. It’s more like picking up the baton…” 
Justin shot daggers at Ian, who was so terrified that he choked on his breath. 
The image of Asher protecting Anna that night was still vivid in Justin’s mind. Asher looked so in love 
with Anna. 
For some reason, Justin was upset about that. 
How could his boring wife charm Asher Thompson? In the elite circle, Asher was infamous for being emotionless. So why did he help Anna? 
Justin recalled a scene from the night they signed the divorce papers. 
–“Justin, can we please stay married?” 
“Because I love you!” 
“What a liar!” Justin squinted his eyes. His body exuded a chill. 1 
The more he thought about it, the angrier he got. It was a vicious cycle. 
At this time, his phone vibrated on the table. 
Justin shoved his thoughts aside and saw Rosalind on his caller ID, so he hurriedly answered the call.
“Rose, what’s wrong?” 
“Justin, I’m in your office lobby. Can you take me upstairs? I made you some snacks, and I want you to try them as soon as possible.” 
Rosalind’s overly sweet voice over the phone made Ian shudder. 
“You’re downstairs?” Justin frowned in surprise. 
“Yeah. Don’t you want to see me?” Rosalind asked softly. 
“I do. I’ll get lan to bring you upstairs.” 
After hanging up the phone, Justin looked a little glum. 
He had yet to finalize the divorce with Anna, and the news of their divorce had not been made public. If Rosalind came to visit him at the office at such a delicate time, it might stir up unnecessary trouble, even though Justin could handle it. 
At this time, his phone vibrated again. 
Justin looked down at the screen and felt nervous. 
“Yes, Grandpa?” 
“You bastard! Did you ignore everything I said?!” Nigel Salvador, Justin’s grandfather, yelled over the phone. “I told you that you’re not allowed to have any contact with that Rosalind girl since your married Anna! You broke your promise and even brought her to the office?! I don’t care about your reputation. Think about how Anna would feel about this! You’d better get your ass over here now!” 
The air in the reception room was suffocating.
Nigel leaned on a cane and sat down in the chair with the help of his personal secretary and his son, 
Gregory. His face was gloomy. 
Justin stood in front of his elders while Rosalind was locked outside because in Nigel’s words, “This bitch isn’t worthy of my time!” 
“Tell me! What’s going on with you and that woman?!” Nigel slammed his cane on the ground. 
“Dad, please calm down…” Gregory hurriedly patted his father’s back and glared at Justin. 
“Grandpa, our three-year marriage contract has expired.” Justin’s voice was hoarse as he replied, ” 
You promised me that I only needed to marry Anna for three years. When the three years are up, up to me to continue the marriage or get a divorce.” 
it’s 
Nigel’s face turned pale. He felt like he had been struck by lightning. 
Anna had accompanied Nigel daily for the past three years. He was so happy with her he did not even realize that his grandson’s marriage contract had ended. 
company 
that 
Justin added indifferently, “Now, I choose to end this marriage and be with the woman I truly love. You shouldn’t because Anna has also signed the divorce papers. We’ll finalize the divorce 
soon.”
“What?! You’re already divorced?!” Nigel was furious. When he stood up, he almost collapsed. 
Justin rushed forward to help his grandfather, but Nigel pushed him away angrily. 
“Dad! They haven’t finalized the divorce yet. They only signed the papers. Don’t get too aggravated. Otherwise, you’ll get a stroke!” Gregory was afraid that his father’s chronic illness would relapse, so he hurriedly comforted the old man. 
“Damn it! I already have an obnoxious daughter-in-law. Why can’t I at least have a granddaughter- in- law that I like?!” 
Justin froze, not knowing whether to stretch out or let go of his grandfather. Gregory was implicated for no reason in his father’s wrath. 
“I want Anna! Go and find her! I can’t eat or sleep well without Anna. I don’t want anyone else to be my granddaughter-in-law. I just want my Anna!” The older Nigel got, the more he acted like a child. 
He even threw a tantrum. 
“Justin, why don’t you call Anna and bring her over to see your grandfather?” Gregory urged. 
“Grandpa, it’s useless for you to act like this. Even if I ask her to come back to accompany you now, our marriage is over. There’s no way I’ll continue it.” 
Justin thought that it was better to rip off the Band-Aid. Instead of delaying the news, it would be better to just tell his grandfather to stop thinking about her. As time went by, his grandfather’s reliance on Anna would fade. 
“Ahhh!” Nigel’s body trembled, and he fell backward. 
This time, Justin and Gregory were frightened. They called a doctor and looked for Nigel’s medicine.
Justin felt helpless. He had no choice but to call Anna. 
As a result, Justin only heard an automated voice saying, “The number you have dialed is no longer in 
service.” 
Anna disappeared and even canceled her phone number. 
“Damn it!” Justin’s eyes were red with anger, and he clenched his fists fiercely. 
On the other hand, all the senior executives of KS World Hotel were gathered outside the main entrance to welcome their new general manager. 
“I heard that the new general manager is a young woman!” 
“I don’t believe that the new manager will be able to turn the hotel around. The past four managers failed to do it. They either resigned or got transferred. How could a young woman turn the tide?” 
“I heard that she is Chairman Wyatt’s daughter…” 
“Chairman Wyatt has so many wives. I guess this general manager is one of his unfavored illegitimate daughters. Why else would he send his daughter to clean up this mess?” 
Everyone snickered. 
“Here she comes! The new boss is here!” 
A top-of-the-line Rolls-Royce came to a stop at the main entrance, followed by several top-range Maybachs. The convoy was quite spectacular. 
When everyone saw the “9999” license plate, they were silent for a moment and held their breaths.
The first thing that came into view was a sky-high black Louboutin. 
The next second, a stunning woman with an amazing figure and lush black hair stepped out of the car. Her sharp eyes were cold, which made the crowd avert their gazes. 
“Hello, everyone.” 
Bella parted her rosy lips and flashed a beautiful smile. “I am your new general manager, but I am not an illegitimate daughter. Sorry to disappoint!” 
As soon as she said this, the people who were gossiping about her moments ago were so frightened that they broke out in a cold sweat. 
A few minutes ago, Bella was in the car, using her laptop to hack into the two surveillance cameras at 
the hotel entrance.
###chapter5
As a result, the senior executives were embarrassed to be caught red-handed gossiping about their 
new boss. 
“That’s absurd! Ms. Thompson is the only legitimate daughter of the Thompson family! What’s going on in their heads?!” Asher’s secretary, Steven Lovett, was fuming in the passenger seat. 
“Being ‘legitimate’ or ‘illegitimate’ doesn’t matter. We’re no longer in the Middle Ages! Why are you so worked up, Steve?” 
Bella narrowed her bright eyes and reached out to pinch Steven’s cheek. His cute face instantly turned 
red. 
“Bella, you are the future CEO of KS Group. Will you act the part? Don’t harass Steve.” Asher frowned slightly. 
“What’s wrong with that? No one says anything when a male boss teases a female secretary!” 
Bella clicked her tongue and added, “Also, it’s his honor that I touch him.” 
Asher shook his head and looked dotingly at his sister. 
The Thompson siblings walked into the hotel, surrounded by senior executives. 
Michael Gordon, the vice president of the hotel, kept leading them toward the VIP elevator. However, Bella suddenly said, “I want to see the restaurant first.” 
Bella cut right to the chase as soon as she entered the hotel and started the inspection.
Michael led the Thompson siblings to the restaurant apprehensively. 
Asher remained calm and played his part as an “invisible man”, allowing his sister to take the reins. 
However, he had a strong presence. 
There were no customers in the restaurant before opening time at noon, but the waiters were already placing some dishes on the counter. 
Bella’s sharp eyes swept over the dishes and suddenly stopped at the live seafood section. 
She rolled up her sleeves, stretched an arm into a small aquarium, and accurately picked out a dead shrimp from hundreds of other shrimp. 
“Explain.” 
“It’s not dead…” Michael stumbled. 
“If it’s not dead, why don’t you eat it?” Bella curled her red lips. 
“Ms. Thompson, there are so many shrimp in this aquarium. There will inevitably be a few dead ones 
here and there.” 
“It’s normal for shrimp to die in an aquarium, but do you think it’s alright that a customer eats a dead shrimp and gets food poisoning?” 
Bella’s smile instantly faded as she continued, “Also, there are a total of 356 shrimp in this aquarium. I took a glance and found five dead and no less than 30 half-dead ones. I don’t know how the guests will feel about eating this kind of food for $100 per person. But if I were a customer, I would never set 
foot in this hotel again!”
Finally, she added, “Check all the ingredients in the seafood section immediately and replace the supplier. If I see another dead shrimp tomorrow, I will make sure you eat them in front of me.” 
Michael was so frightened that his legs wobbled. All the other senior executives were also shocked. 
Only Asher and Steven knew that Bella had a photographic memory. Back when she was young, she even used her ability to help the police solve a major criminal case. 
Counting a few shrimp was nothing to Bella. 
When they arrived at the guest rooms, Bella asked Steven for a white handkerchief and gently wiped the wall and picture frame. 
“The cleaning isn’t done properly. There is still dust on the surfaces, so it needs to be redone.”. 
The senior executives were secretly complaining about Bella. 
“I know that you all must be cursing me secretly, thinking that I’m just making a fuss out of nothing and being picky, right?” 
Bella looked calm, but her tone was extremely serious. “Our hotel has been around for a century. It’s the details that often get overlooked. If the star rating committee does an inspection, these two problems will be enough to strip us of our star!” 
She shot a look at Steven, who understood what she wanted and instructed in a deep voice, “Open the 
door to this guest room.” 
The head of the housekeeping department came to open the door apprehensively. In previous inspections, they would just show the boss two sample rooms. 
However, this new boss was unpredictable and did not follow conventional methods.
Bella walked into the guest room. She inspected the bathroom before walking into the bedroom and sitting on the bed. 
Her delicate face instantly turned gloomy. 
However, she did not say anything and ended the inspection. Then she went to the general manager’s office with her eldest brother. 
“What do you think after one round of inspection?” Asher asked with a smile. 
“Ugh, it’s an absolute mess!” 
Bella sat listlessly on the sofa and leaned on the armrest. She sighed and said, “Is Wyatt testing me or playing with me? This hotel is dreadful! I can’t believe it’s under KS Group!” 
“Bella, Grandpa founded this hotel. KS Group relied on this hotel in the early years to expand to our current scale. This hotel is not a mess, but a sentimental place for three generations of our family. But because KS Group is too big and the hotel industry has been in recession for the past two years, we have neglected the hotel’s management.” 
Asher blamed himself and sighed helplessly. “Sorry, Bella. You’ll have to work harder to get it back into shape.” 
Suddenly, Bella noticed the black piano in the corner and gasped. 
“I got someone to place this piano here. I remember you would play the piano or go for a few laps at the racecourse when you were in a bad mood back then.” 
Asher blinked. “I think you’ll be very busy in the next two months, so horseback riding isn’t a realistic option. If you’re tired, you can play a few songs on the piano. I remember that you play the piano very well.”
“Thanks, Ash. But I haven’t played the piano in a long time.” 
Bella’s throat tightened. The scar deep in her heart that had finally healed split open again, burning 
her chest. 
“How come?” Asher was surprised. 
“When I was with Doctors Without Borders, I accidentally injured my hand while rescuing the wounded on the battlefield. I tore a ligament in my pinky, so it’s not as sensitive anymore. I could no longer manage an octave, so I just stopped playing the piano.” 
Bella tried her best to explain calmly. 
Asher’s heart ached. He quickly held his sister’s hand. 
“Did you get hurt because of Justin?” 
“Sort of.” 
When Bella heard Justin’s name, her heart still ached. However, she still flashed a bright smile. “I got hurt for the sake of world peace. I’m trying to make my family proud!” 
Five years ago, Bella met Justin, whom she had longed for, again on the battlefield at the border of 
Kridor. 
She was a field doctor, and he was a soldier in the peacekeeping force. 
He fought for peace, and she almost lost her hand trying to bring a seriously injured Justin to safety.
Back then, Bella regarded this as a great honor. Now, her heart ached every time she saw her numb pinky. 
However, that was all in the past. She would not cry or regret having fallen in love with the wrong 
person. 
Steven knocked on the door and hurriedly walked in. 
“Ms. Bella, I’ve checked the suppliers of our hotel’s bedding and furniture as per your request. They are called Alia Furniture, and Mr. Gordon is the person in contact with them.” 
“Haha, so it’s Alia Furniture.” 
Bella crossed her slender legs and narrowed her eyes dangerously. “Tell the finance department to go through the hotel’s accounts in the past two years. Also, contact a new bedding supplier immediately and replace Alia Furniture.” 
“Such a big move?” Asher raised his eyebrows. 
“Alia Furniture was founded by Justin’s sweetheart’s brother.” 
“Oh, it’s a personal vendetta, huh?” Asher and Steven spoke at the same time. 
“No! It’s because Alia sold us cheap and shoddy bedding. I just want justice!” Bella snorted. 
She got angry just thinking about that hard and shabby mattress. An uncomfortable stay would give guests a bad impression of the hotel. No wonder there were so many bad reviews online! 
“By the way, there’s one more thing…”
Steven added, “Mr. Asher asked me to pay attention to the Salvador family’s movements. I just received news that Nigel Salvador was hospitalized due to a stroke. He happens to be staying in a hospital under KS Group.” 
“Grandpa is in the hospital?!” Bella stood up anxiously. 
At this moment, Asher’s phone rang. 
He looked at the screen and snickered. 
“Bella, it’s your ex-husband.”
###chapter6
Bella was shocked to see Justin’s name on Asher’s caller ID. 
“Should I answer?” Asher asked. 
“Yup!” 
Asher put the call on the speaker. 
“Mr. Thompson, is my wife with you?” Justin asked in a hoarse voice. 
Bella was infuriated because she was annoyed that Justin called her his wife. “Mr. Salvador, please 
watch your words. I am your EX-wife now.” 
“Anna Brown! So you really are with him!” Justin’s voice became deeper. 
“Where else can I be? Should I stay in your house and wait for you to kick me out?” 2 
How mean of him! 
Justin’s expression was gloomy. “Stop being so impatient. We haven’t finalized the divorce yet, so you are still my wife in name. You should at least care about Salvador Corporation’s image and your own reputation!” 
“You carried Rosalind into Tideview Manor while we were still married and forced me to sign the divorce papers. Justin, did you even care about my feelings?” 
Bella sneered. “I always treat people as they treat me. Why should I care about your company’s image now? After all, I have given up my title as the CEO’s wife to your beloved Rosalind. Go to her if you’re
so worried about the company’s reputation!” 
Asher raised his eyebrows and took a sip of tea. 
This was the real Bella Thompson. The well-behaved and docile wife who never complained about anything during the three years of her marriage was just a persona she created exclusively for Justin. 
Although Asher loved his sister no matter what, he still preferred it when she was a force to be 
reckoned with. 
Fortunately, that bold and fearless Bella was back. 
“I don’t have time to argue with you now.” Justin’s voice sounded a little tired. “Grandpa is hospitalized, and he has been asking to see you. He refuses to take his medicine until he sees you.” [1 
Bella’s heart trembled. 
Even though she and Justin had parted ways, Nigel had been nice to her during the three years she stayed with the Salvadors. When Bella left, she gave up everything. The only person she missed was Nigel. 
“He’s in KS Hospital, right? I’ll go over to see Grandpa later.” 
After hanging up the phone, Bella sighed deeply with a heavy heart. 
“Bella, I’ll take you there,” Asher offered. 
“It’s fine. I’m going to see Grandpa, not to provoke Justin. If you send me there, the conflict will only intensify.” 
Bella waved her hands in distress. “I’ll just drive there myself.”
At the hospital, Justin and Ian stood guard in front of Nigel’s ward. 
Bella hurriedly walked over. She had not seen Justin for a few days, but she could tell at a glance that he had lost weight. 
She thought, ‘Damn it! Why should I care? It has nothing to do with me whether he lost or gained weight! I don’t care if he dies!’ 
The two men only looked up when they heard the clicking of her high heels against the floor. 
They were both startled, especially Justin. 
He almost did not recognize that the woman in front of him had been his wife for three years.. 
“Mr. Harris, how is Grandpa doing?” Bella did not even look at Justin and only spoke to Ian. 
“Young Madam, is that you?” Ian was dumbfounded and asked a particularly dumb question. 
The lady in front of him was stunning, with exquisite makeup. Her red lips were incredibly sexy, and her slim black suit made her legs look so long. She looked like a hotshot lady boss. The butterfly ruby brooch on her chest was also extremely dazzling, but it did not outshine her bright eyes. 
Only then did Bella realize that she had forgotten to change into a white dress and sneakers-the 
typical attire for the docile Anna Brown-because she was in such a hurry. 
“Yes, in the flesh. Why are you so shocked? Do you not like my new look?” 
“No, no… You look much prettier than before! You also look more confident and energetic dressed like this.” Ian voiced his thoughts. 
“Really? That might be because I just got divorced.”
Bella smirked and added, “I climbed out of a hellhole and saw the light of day again, so of course I’d look more energetic.” 
Justin’s handsome face darkened for a moment. He felt frustrated. “If you thought my house was a hellhole, why did you stay with me for three years? I’ve told you more than once that you’re free to break the contract. I could’ve taken you to see Grandpa at any time. You didn’t need to stick around like you’re serving a three-year sentence.” 
Bella’s heart ached. 
This was Justin Salvador. No one could sway him from his decisions. If he liked someone, he would treat them like a treasure. If he disliked someone, he would ignore them, no matter what they did for 
him. 
Bella fell head over heels in love with this cold and aloof man. The price she paid for this love was also unforgettable. 
“I promised Grandpa that I would stay with you for three years, so I wanted to keep my word. But you’re finally free, Mr. Salvador. From now on, you can bring any woman home, and you no longer have to sneak out to meet your lover.” Bella sneered, but she still looked gorgeous. 
Justin felt his throat tighten. 
He thought, ‘Why was this woman so two-faced? Did she think that she could be reckless after our divorce? But I have to admit that she’s much more eye-catching with this fierce personality than her 
meek look before.’ 
Justin’s eyes shone with admiration.
“Justin!” 
Bella looked back to see Rosalind and Shannon walking over in a hurry. 
Seeing that Bella was there, Rosalind looked a little hostile, but she quickly hid it behind a lovely smile. 
“Why are you here?” Justin asked in surprise. 
As soon as he finished speaking, Rosalind threw herself into his arms and hugged his waist. 
“Justin, why didn’t you tell me about such a big incident? Do you not think of me as your family?” 
“Justin, you didn’t see how worried Rose was when she heard that your grandfather was admitted to the hospital. She even puked some of her lunch…” Shannon looked at her niece with distress. 
“Why did you throw up? Is everything okay?” Justin’s eyes were filled with concern. 
“Rose always had stomach issues. She gets nauseous whenever she’s afraid or nervous. She has gone to many doctors, and they all said it’s not a serious problem. There’s no cure for it, though.” Shannon sighed. 
“I will find a doctor to treat Rose. If there are no results, I will take her abroad to see a specialist.” Justin’s voice was soft. He put his arms around Rosalind’s waist.1 
Bella sneered and recalled the time that she had gone to the hospital alone due to the stomach flu. She was sweating profusely and looked very weak and pale. But Justin did not even ask about her. 
It turned out that Justin knew how to care for people. 
But to him, Bella just did not deserve his attention.
Rosalind leaned closer to Justin and looked at Bella with a sly smile. 
She thought, ‘Wait a second! Why does Anna look like this now? How did she become so beautiful? That butterfly brooch was the latest work of Alexa, the best jewelry designer in Orbia. It was worth $5 million! How could this poor country girl afford such luxurious jewelry? How could this bitch be so 
rich?!’ 
“Justin, let Rose accompany you to see your grandfather. Rose cried once on the way here because she was so worried.” Shannon encouraged her stepson to be with her niece and completely disregarded her ex-daughter-in-law, who had taken care of them for three years. 
Bella’s face was cold. She did not care about Justin anymore, let alone the rest of the Salvador family. 
At this time, the door to the ward opened. Nigel’s secretary, Matt Upton, came out. 
“Mr. Salvador asked me to check if his granddaughter-in-law had arrived.” 
When Rosalind heard this, her expression stiffened, and she could not hide her jealousy. 
“I’m here, Uncle Matt.” Bella stepped forward anxiously. 
She was worried about Nigel, so she did not bother to correct Matt’s address for her. 
“Young Madam.” Matt gestured politely toward the ward. “Please come in with Young Master Justin.” 
Bella walked into the ward without saying a word. 
Justin pursed his thin lips and followed her in. 
“Justin, wait for me…”
Rosalind wanted to follow, but Matt stopped her. 
“I’m sorry. Mr. Salvador only invited his grandson and granddaughter-in-law inside. He won’t see anyone else. You may leave.
###chapter7
In the ward, the sickly Nigel immediately looked energetic again the moment he saw Bella. His eyes lit 
1. 
“Anna! Come to Grandpa!” 
Bella switched her persona in a split second and sat obediently next to Nigel. 
“Grandpa, how are you feeling? Do you have any discomfort?” 
“I feel much better now that I can see you!” 
Nigel held her hand and asked anxiously, “Anna, this punk told me that you two are divorced. Is it true?” 
“Yes, Grandpa. We are divorced.” Bella’s long eyelashes trembled, and her heart felt empty. 
“Justin, you imbecile! Why would you divorce such a good wife?! Anna is the best there is!” Nigel struggled to sit up, and he glared at Justin. 
Justin was worried about his grandfather’s health and dared not retort. 
“Grandpa, please don’t get mad. I didn’t want to continue this marriage, and Justin went along with it.” Bella comforted Nigel in a soft voice and gently patted the old man’s back. 
Justin was shocked that Bella did not complain to his grandfather or use his grandfather to get her 
revenge on him.
He thought, ‘Was she trying to use an unconventional way to capture my heart and save our marriage? Did she think that I would be attracted to her?’ 1 
“Anna, did they bully you at home? Did Shannon treat you badly?” Nigel asked in distress. 
“No, Grandpa. Justin and I just have different views. We don’t love each other, so it’s in both our interests to go our separate ways.” 
Bella’s bright eyes held a hint of grief. “Don’t blame Justin. We’ve had some wonderful memories. over the past three years, and that’s enough. I don’t have any regrets.” 
Justin frowned as he felt a surge of mixed emotions. 
He did not recall having any good memories with Anna. They did not even have a wedding when they got married. 
They only got their marriage license hastily at Nigel’s insistence. Then she moved into Tideview Manor with a small suitcase. Just like that, she became his wife for three years. 
Did she really have wonderful memories with him? She was probably saying the exact opposite. 
“Anna… Did I make a mistake?” 
Nigel’s eyes were watery as he sighed in remorse. “I really wanted you to be happy. That’s why I insisted that the two of you get married. I didn’t expect this punk to be so rude! I’m so sorry… 
“Don’t say that, Grandpa. Everything happens for a reason. I’ve let the past go completely.” 
Bella let go of 13 years of infatuation. Only God knew how much it hurt her. 
Justin was determined to get a divorce. If she kept pestering him, she would only lose her dignity. Bella did not want to turn into a resentful woman just to win over a man’s heart.
“Matt, bring me the birthday gift I prepared for my granddaughter-in-law!” 
Matt quickly put on some white gloves and took out an exquisite red velvet jewelry box. 
He opened the box to reveal an exquisite emerald-green jade bracelet. 
Bella knew how to appraise treasures, so she could tell at a glance that this jade was an antique that was at least a hundred years old. 
“Grandpa, isn’t this Grandma’s…?” Justin was stunned to see the bracelet. 
“Yes, this is the bracelet I gave your grandmother back when we first started dating. It’s a family heirloom that was passed down from your great-grandfather.” 
As Nigel spoke, he picked up the bracelet and looked at it under the light. His gaze softened as he continued, “Your grandmother told me that this was her favorite jade bracelet among all her jewelry. She hoped that I could give this bracelet to my favorite granddaughter-in-law. Now that your grandmother is gone, I want to give this to my favorite girl, Anna. Only she deserves this treasure.” 
“No, Grandpa! This is too expensive. Not to mention, I’m no longer Justin’s wife.” Bella refused in a 
panic. 
“Even if you and Justin are no longer together, you are still the only granddaughter-in-law that I will ever acknowledge!” 
When Nigel saw Bella’s refusal, he immediately pretended to get angry and said, “Fine. If you don’t want it, I’ll just break it!” 
“No, no!” Bella hurriedly grabbed Nigel’s raised hand. Her heart trembled with fear. “I’ll take it, Grandpa! Thank you.”
“That’s my girl!” Nigel slipped the bracelet onto Bella’s wrist. 
Bella had fair and smooth skin. The translucent emerald-green stone made her skin glow brighter. 
Justin had never noticed her hands. Now that he was staring at the bracelet, he noticed that her skin was soft and fair. It was not at all dulled by the bracelet. Her hand was indeed beautiful. 
“Punk, what did you give Anna for her birthday?” Nigel asked angrily. 
“Grandpa, Justin gave me an unforgettable gift.” 
Justin secretly clenched his fists and pressed his thin lips so hard that they turned white. 
On her birthday, he did give her a big “gift”-the divorce papers. 
Justin thought, ‘Anna is certainly great at mocking me!’ 
“Anna, are you and Justin really over? You can’t get back together?” Nigel still refused to give up. 
“Grandpa…” Bella gently held Nigel’s wrinkled hand. “If you really love me, you should support me and let me live the life I want.” 
“Sigh! Since it has come to this, there is nothing that I can do. I just have one small request. Can you wait until after my 80th birthday to finalize the divorce? It’s only a slight delay…” Nigel tried his best to keep Anna around because he was extremely reluctant to give up such a brilliant granddaughter-in 
-law. 
“Grandpa, this is inappropriate.” Justin frowned and spoke decisively. 
“Why is it inappropriate? Is it only appropriate if you bring that Rosalind girl over to me and force me to acknowledge her as my granddaughter-in-law at my 80th birthday party?! Rosalind and Shannon think
that they can do whatever they want because they’ve got you and your father whipped! They can dream on!” 
Nigel was so angry that he pounded the bed. “If you still respect me as your grandfather and want me to live for another two more years, you’d best stay away from that bitch! I will never acknowledge her as my granddaughter-in-law!” 
Outside the door, Rosalind paced around anxiously. She gritted her teeth and stomped her feet in 
anger. 
“Stop pacing around! I’m feeling dizzy just looking at you.” 
Shannon rubbed her temples and shook her head. “You need to be more patient. You know that Nigel doesn’t like you. How long will he be able to call the shots when he already has a foot in the grave? You just need to put up with him for a while and keep Justin’s heart.” 
“Yeah, but if that old man doesn’t die, I can’t marry Justin because that old fart will never recognize me as part of the Salvador family!” Rosalind quickly covered her mouth and looked around nervously when she realized she had a slip of the tongue. 
“Back then, he also refused to accept me, but what could he do? In the end, I still married Gregory.” 
Shannon admired her newly-done manicure. “Humans are emotional beings. Justin is his grandson, so as long as Justin insists on you, you don’t need to care what that old man thinks.” 
Rosalind thought what her aunt said made sense and finally calmed down. 
At this time, the door to the ward opened. 
Matt sent Justin and Bella out.
Rosalind hurriedly hid her scheming expression and stepped forward, looking meek. 
She was shocked to see the jade bracelet on Bella’s wrist. It was so beautiful that she could not take her eyes away. It was so much nicer than the so-called family heirloom she was wearing at the 
moment. 
Bella did not wear this bracelet when she went into the ward. Who else could have given it to her if not that old man? 
Rosalind was so jealous that she could barely think straight. She suddenly had a wicked thought. She walked in front of Bella and pretended to slip. 
“Ah!” 
Rosalind wanted to pretend that she had slipped and fallen on Bella so that she could pull out Bella’s 
bracelet and break it. 
However, Bella squinted her eyes and gracefully avoided Rosalind, so Rosalind fell flat on the floor. 
Suddenly, Rosalind heard a crisp clink. 
Rosalind’s bracelet had broken into two pieces.
###chapter8
“Oh, no! Are you alright, Rose?” Shannon was shocked, but she wanted to laugh. 
Upon seeing this, Justin hurriedly stepped forward to pull Rosalind up from the floor, but she refused 
to move. 
Rosalind cried, “Justin, it hurts… Will you carry me?” 
Her knees were numb from the fall. 
Bella crossed her arms and stared at the woman on the floor. 
Rosalind was such a fake bitch in front of Justin. 
“Justin, Ms. Brown pushed me!” 
Rosalind timidly hid in Justin’s embrace and glanced at Bella sinisterly. 
“Rose, what did you say?” Justin was startled. 
“Are you sure that I pushed you?” Bella smiled. She did not get angry. Instead, she was enjoying Rosalind’s acting. 
“Why would I fall all of a sudden?” Rosalind was so angry that her usually soft voice rose in pitch. 
“That’s not completely impossible. After all, you look so weak that a gust of wind can blow you over.” 
“How dare you insult me?!”
Rosalind was so angry that her face turned red. “I clearly felt your hand pushing me from behind. Why aren’t you admitting it?” 
“Ms. Gold, there are surveillance cameras everywhere, so stop accusing me.” 
Suddenly, Bella’s bright and clear eyes darkened. She looked intimidating. “I can sue you for defamation once I get the evidence.” 
Justin blinked in shock. He felt that Anna was completely different than before. 
She was no longer the boring, honest, and humble wife who stayed alone in an empty house. 
Rosalind was obviously intimidated by Bella and hurriedly looked to Shannon for help. 
“Oh, it’s all a misunderstanding!” 
Shannon glanced at the surveillance camera above her head and smiled to smooth things over. “Rose must have accidentally slipped because she didn’t stand firm. She probably bumped into Anna and thought that Anna pushed her. It’s all a misunderstanding!” 
“Rose, did you slip by yourself?” Justin lowered his eyes and stared at the woman in his arms. His 
tone was a little cold. 
“I thought she pushed me…” 
Justin narrowed his eyes. 
Rosalind was flustered and simply blamed Bella. “If she didn’t move out of the way, I wouldn’t have fallen! She obviously did it on purpose. The bracelet my grandmother passed on to me is also broken now. It’s a Gold family heirloom. It wouldn’t be broken if it weren’t for her. Ms. Brown, I know that you’re mad about the divorce, but you shouldn’t vent your anger on me. Is it my fault that you got divorced?”
Rosalind cried again. 
She really had an endless supply of tears. 
“First of all, I’m not mad about the divorce. On the contrary, I’d like to thank you for helping me escape that hellhole. I no longer have to wait from dusk to dawn like an abandoned wife.” Bella raised her chin slightly and retorted. 
‘Wait from dusk until dawn?’ Justin was puzzled. 
“Secondly, if this bracelet is really a family heirloom, you should be thanking me. 
Bella walked over, picked up half of the bracelet, and put it under the light. “It’s fake.” 
“What?!” Rosalind and Shannon were stunned. 
“This bracelet is filled with toxic glue, so prolonged exposure is detrimental to your health.” 
Bella casually threw the bracelet into the trash can. The emerald-green jade bracelet on her wrist was the biggest mockery to Rosalind. 
“Mr. Salvador, since you want to marry Ms. Gold, why don’t you buy some decent jewelry for her?” 
“Anna!” Justin frowned angrily. 
“I have a jade toad on my dressing table at Tideview Manor that I think suits you, Rosalind. You can make it into a bracelet if you wish.” Bella patted the dust off her hands as if the bracelet she touched earlier was contaminated. 
Rosalind thought, ‘A toad?! This bitch is clearly trying to insult me in a roundabout way!’ 
Rosalind was furious. She tried to retaliate, but Bella had already left.
Outside the hospital, Bella could not help but laugh when she thought of Rosalind’s expression. 
“Anna!” 
Bella looked back indifferently when she heard Justin’s deep voice. 
The breeze blew a few strands of her black hair, adding a hint of messiness to her flawless beauty. 
Justin narrowed his eyes and walked up to her. 
“Yes, Mr. Salvador?” 
Bella was expressionless. “If Ms. Gold is still hung up over her bracelet, you can tell her that I will 
send her a cart of bracelets tomorrow.” 
“When we were in the ward, you told Grandpa…’ 
3) 
“Oh, don’t think too much about it. I just didn’t want to make Grandpa angry.” Her eyes softened 
when she mentioned Nigel. 
“We’re even now.” 
Bella looked confused. 
“You faked your identity and went out of your way to marry me. I won’t tell Grandpa or anyone else in the family about that.” Justin’s expression was gloomy and dangerous. 
Bella widened her eyes in shock.
“But you have to tell me why you used a false identity to marry me. No, I shouldn’t ask that.” 
Justin slowly approached her. “What was your motive for using a false identity to get close to Grandpa?” 
Bella’s heart clenched, and she took a step back. 
As a result, she forgot that there were some steps behind her. She lost her footing and fell backward. 
The next second, she felt a warm hand on her waist as Justin pulled her up. 
When their eyes met, Bella blushed, and Justin’s breathing became erratic. 
Until this moment, she still thought that Justin was handsome. Everything about him was to her taste. 
Bella remembered the first time she saw these bright eyes. It was 13 years ago, and she was just 11 years old back then. She was lost in the dark forest, and it was raining heavily. 
Justin had saved her life once. Without him, Bella would not be alive today. 
Now, Justin had broken her heart and hurt her so badly that she thought it was the worst thing she could experience. 
Justin withdrew his arm and helped Bella stand upright. 
“Thanks.” 
“Answer the question I just asked.” Justin was persistent. 
“I am no longer your wife, and I have the right not to tell you.”
Bella smiled coldly and turned around. “Since you said that we’re even now, why bother? Even if I married you with a fake identity, I haven’t done anything to hurt you in the past three years, right?” 
Suddenly, Justin grabbed her arm and said solemnly, “We haven’t finalized the divorce yet, so you are still my wife in name. You have an obligation to let me know who you really are!” 
“I’m not telling you.” 
Bella’s breathing quickened, and her eyes turned red. “Mr. Salvador, don’t you think you’re being ridiculous by mentioning obligations? You haven’t once fulfilled your obligations as a husband in the past three years, so what gives you the right to ask me to fulfill mine as a wife?!” 
“Anna, don’t think that I won’t do anything to you!” Justin suddenly pulled her into his arms. They were so close that their breaths intertwined. 
Justin was not someone who would get angry easily, but this woman had been stepping on his toes lately. 
She surely was capable! 
“Then go and investigate. Why bother asking me?” 
Bella forcefully broke away from his grasp and left without looking back. 
Justin stared at the woman’s graceful back and remembered her flaming red lips and those sharp heels. His chest tightened. 
He thought, ‘Why did she adopt this style? Was she catering to Asher Thompson’s taste? She’s evil and unfaithful. I really don’t know what Grandpa sees in her!’
“Mr. Salvador, Ms. Gold said that she has sprained her ankle. She wants you to accompany her.” Ian ran over, panting heavily. 
Suddenly, there was a loud roar from a sports car engine. 
“Wow! That’s the young madam!” 
Justin was stunned when he saw his ex-wife driving a black supercar. She passed him by, looking so 
arrogant. 
She was driving a top-of-the-line limited-edition supercar-a Bugatti La Voiture Noire. 
“OMG! It turns out that the young madam is a low-key tycoon!” Ian’s eyes widened. 
Justin’s eyes darkened, and he slowly clenched his fists. 
“Follow her!”
###chapter9
Bella held the steering wheel with one hand and sped down the road. She blasted “Survivor” by Destiny’s Child on the car’s speaker. 
She was not afraid of Justin investigating her background. She just did not understand why a man. who had ignored her for three years started to become curious about her only after their divorce. 
Justin was a total jerk. He only looked at her with disgust when she cared about him. But when she treated him coldly, he kept pestering her. 
Bella frowned slightly when she glanced at the rearview mirror. 
Justin’s Lamborghini was not far behind her. 
“Hah! He thinks he can catch up to me, huh? Dream on!” 
Bella smirked and floored the gas pedal. 
Her Bugatti shot forward like a bolt of lightning and disappeared in the blink of an eye. 
“Quick, follow her closely!” Justin, who was sitting in the passenger seat, urged Ian. 
Ian had never driven so fast before. He felt like his heart was about to leap out of his body. 
Ian tried his best to catch up to the Bugatti and finally saw its taillights. Justin’s face was expressionless, but he was secretly relieved. 
“Mr. Salvador, the young madam has such amazing driving skills! No wonder she has the Fujiwara Tofu Shop sticker!” Ian sighed in admiration.
“What tofu shop?” Justin frowned in confusion. 
“Look at her booty!” 
Justin’s face darkened instantly. Ian was so frightened that he broke out in a cold sweat. “Sorry, I meant her car bumper…” 
Justin took a closer look and saw that there was indeed a white sticker on the back of the Bugatti that read, “Fujiwara Tofu Shop AE86”. 
It was kind of funny. 
“Don’t you know? The young madam likes to watch anime, especially “Initial D”. This anime was always playing on the living room TV every time I saw her.” 
Ian became more excited. “I didn’t expect the young madam to be such a skilled driver! I always thought she was a weak girl who couldn’t take care of herself.” 
Justin was also deceived by this woman. 
What irritated Justin more was that his secretary knew more about his wife than he did. 
“Oh no! Young Madam is speeding up!” 
“Follow her! If you can’t keep up, I’ll deduct your annual salary!” Justin clenched his teeth. His handsome face was as perfect as a sculpture. 
Ian was afraid of having his wages deducted, but he was even more afraid of getting into an accident and killing them both. 
In the end, Bella made two sharp turns, and they could no longer see her taillights.
“I lost her…” Ian shrank back. 
Justin pounded the car window. The veins on his forehead were bulging. 
He thought, ‘Anna, what are you hiding from me? What is your true identity?’ 
* 
At night, Asher and Axel went to their sister’s private villa. 
The Thompson brothers were busy cooking in the open-concept kitchen while Bella was playing video games. She sucked on a lollipop while watching her handsome brothers cook. 
“Woohoo! Aced it!” 
Bella looked at her achievements on the screen and clapped her hands proudly. 
“You’re not at all rusty, Bella.” Axel looked at her with his bright eyes. He had the most charming smile among her brothers. 
“Look at my score! It’s perfect!” 
Bella looked so cute kneeling on the chair and swinging the lollipop like a wand. 
Axel retorted, “Hah! How smug of you! Let’s play a game, and I’ll put you in your place!” 
“Bella won by so much last time that your name is no longer on the ranking. So, don’t embarrass yourself,” Asher said as he cut up a cube of steak and fed it to Bella. 
“Hmph! That was only because Drew backed out! He suddenly had a mission. Otherwise, we would definitely win!” Axel was quite unconvinced.
“I’m going to start cooking. Bella, you should wait in the living room because you’re allergic to smoke.” Asher gently reminded her. 
Bella was stunned for a moment. She suddenly felt like crying. 
She did not dare tell her brothers that she had been cooking for the Salvadors for the past three years, even though she was allergic to smoke. She had been smelling cooking fumes for three years, so she gradually became immune to them. Her hands also had callouses. 
If she told them, Asher might show some mercy because of his faith, but her three other brothers would probably crush the Salvador family. 
Bella was the Thompson family’s princess. They never asked her to lift a finger, so how could they allow the Salvadors to treat her like a slave? 
Fortunately, Bella returned home. She promised that she would never humble herself for a man she 
would never get. 
At this time, Asher’s phone rang. 
He quickly wiped his hands on his apron and took out his phone. Then he looked at Bella with a complicated look. 
“Bella, it’s your ex-husband again.” 
“What the fuck?! Does he think that he can just call you whenever he likes?!” 
Bella’s face turned red with anger. The lollipop in her mouth fell to the table. 
“What do you mean? Is that jerkface pestering you, Ash?”
Axel sat next to Bella and picked up the lollipop from the table, putting it in his own mouth like it was normal. “No way! Did that asshole think that Asher was your boyfriend after he saw you guys watching fireworks by the Moon River?” 
“Yeah.” 
Axel shouted. “What the hell?! Is he blind?!” 
“What? Am I not handsome enough to be Bella’s boyfriend?” Asher laughed. 
“Justin must be blind. You don’t look like boyfriend material. You look more like Bella’s father with the way you act around her!” 
Her brothers joked around, trying to make her feel better. Bella was so touched that she was going to 
burst into tears. 
They were so entertaining. 
“Should I pick it up?” Asher asked. 
Axel said, “Hell no!” 
Bella said, “Yes!” 
Asher listened to his sister and put the call on speaker mode. 
“I’m looking for my wife.” Justin sounded calmer than he did in the morning. He even sounded at little possessive. 
“What the hell…”
Axel was so angry that he was about to cuss Justin out, but Bella slammed his head down on the table. 
“Mr. Salvador, Anna is no longer your wife. You’re divorced now.” Asher reminded Justin calmly. He 
also remembered to use Anna’s name so as not to reveal Bella’s true identity. 
“She knows that she’s still my wife.” Justin’s tone was so cold that the Thompsons felt a dip in temperature in the kitchen. 
“Justin, why were you chasing me so aggressively just now?” Bella switched off the speakerphone and asked irritably. 
“I have something to say to you in private.” 
Bella walked into a room, closed the door, and took a deep breath before she replied, “I’m busy, so cut to the chase.” 
“Why did you change your phone number?” Justin asked in a stern voice. 
“I just want a fresh start.” 
“How will Grandpa contact you? Give me your new number so that I can contact you next time.” Justin spoke righteously. 
“That’s easy. You can call Mr. Thompson if you want to contact me.” Bella smiled mockingly. 
“Anna, is this your way of getting revenge on me?” 
Justin clenched his teeth and said resentfully, “Are you so excited to move in with Asher that you can’t wait for us to finalize the divorce? I wonder if you’re still Anna Brown with Asher, or have you come up with another fake identity?”
“Justin!” Bella was infuriated. She clenched her fists. 
“You’re being naive if you think that you can retaliate against me like this. Do you think I care about the men you’re with?” 
Justin laughed angrily. “I just don’t want Grandpa to be disappointed in you. I don’t want him to find out that the woman he adores is just a slut! If you want to whore yourself out, please watch yourself before Grandpa’s 80th birthday. Don’t let these rumors reach Grandpa’s ears!” 
Bella was so angry that she could not say a word and hung up directly. 
She pressed her back against the wall and took a deep breath. But she could not make the pain in her heart disappear. 
Why did it still hurt so much? She had promised herself that she would no longer care about Justin. 
Bella rubbed the corners of her eyes, which gradually turned red with disappointment. 
“Justin, how could you think of me that way? It turns out that my 13-year crush on you was a big mistake…”
###chapter10
On the other side at Tideview Manor, Justin was stunned for several seconds when his ex-wife hung up on him. 
She was so decisive and cold. How was she the same woman who cried and begged him not to divorce 
her? 
In the past three years, did she not have any feelings for him? Did she just put up with his family for the past three years for some reason? 
Justin felt angrier the more he thought about it. 
“Mr. Salvador, your coffee.” 
Ian walked in and saw his boss’ solemn expression, so he asked tentatively, “Have you contacted the young madam? Did you get her new phone number?” 
Justin held his forehead in frustration. He was so angry earlier that he forgot the purpose of his call. 
He thought he would be happy after Anna left, but he was just angry and annoyed because she was 
with Asher. 
How dare she manipulate his emotions? 
“Maybe next time. I don’t want to deal with that woman now.” 
Justin picked up the coffee and frowned after taking a sip.
“What happened? The taste isn’t right.” 
“But I made it according to the recipe that the young madam gave me.” Ian scratched his head in 
confusion. 
“Recipe?” 
“The young madam gave me a small notebook before she left. She wrote down your food and drink preferences and restrictions. She even noted down everything you ate with a detailed date and time.” 
As he said this, lan took out the small notebook and handed it to Justin. 
Justin took it and hesitated to open it. 
What he saw were rows of neat handwriting that was just as disciplined as Anna was before the 
divorce 
“Add a pinch of salt to the coffee to enhance the flavor. Justin likes it that way.” 
“Justin drank two bowls of seafood chowder with fresh scallops this afternoon. I should make it 
for him more often in the future.” 
-“Justin doesn’t like sweet foods. Next time, I’ll make cheese crackers or butter cake for teatime. 
Maybe he’ll like them.” 
–“I bought several ties for Justin last year, but he has never worn any of the ones with red elements. Justin probably hates red.” 
Justin.
Justin. 
Justin. 
Every sentence in the notebook was about him. 
Justin was shocked as he flipped through the pages slowly. He held his breath as if he were afraid that he might accidentally blow the words on the pages away. 
His eyes gradually darkened, and he held the book so hard that the paper wrinkled. 
“She’s studying me in detail. This just proves that she has ulterior motives!” 
Although Justin had mixed feelings about what was recorded in the notebook, he was still angry at Bella. So he simply threw the notebook into the wastebasket. 
“Mr. Salvador, don’t throw it away! The young madam has worked hard to gather all this information about you over the past three years. If she doesn’t care about you, why would she bother to remember your preferences? It shows how much she loves you!” Ian hurriedly picked it up, feeling sorry for 
Bella. 
“Stop calling her Young Madam. She doesn’t deserve it!” 
At this time, they heard noises coming from outside the study. 
It seemed to be coming from the right side of the corridor. 
That room used to belong to Anna. 
“Go and check out what’s going on.” Justin rubbed his temples tiredly.
Ian hurriedly walked out of the study and returned in a hurry with a complicated look. 
“Mr. Salvador, Ms. Gold caused the noise. She…” 
“What’s wrong with Rose?” 
“She’s throwing away everything in Young Mad… I mean, your ex-wife’s bedroom.” 
At this moment, Rosalind was throwing a fit in Anna’s bedroom. 
“This bitch! She’s just a country girl! How can she be so arrogant just because the old man favors her? What’s so great about that stupid bracelet anyway?! How dare she look down on me!” 
When Bella signed the divorce papers, she left the house empty-handed. This gave Rosalind the opportunity to throw Bella’s skin care products and the bedside decorations on the floor like garbage. 
The room was trashed when Justin walked in. 
“Rose! What are you doing?” Justin frowned. 
“I hate that there are traces of her in here!” 
Rosalind cried again when she saw Justin. “If it weren’t for her, we wouldn’t have missed out on three whole years together. She stole my place, but she’s acting like I’m the bad guy! She makes me look like a homewrecker!” 
“Rose, you’re not a homewrecker. Don’t let your imagination run wild.” 
Justin’s eyes darkened. He leaned over to pick up the jade toad that had been smashed to the floor. 
He was startled to find that the toad sculpture had a wink and did a peace sign.
It made him smile. 
At this time, Rosalind opened the closet and threw out Anna’s clothes. 
“What’s this?” 
Rosalind casually opened a large box and saw a nicely tailored men’s suit made of high-quality 
fabrics. 
“Hah! Is this a gift Anna prepared for Mr. Thompson? Has she already found herself another husband 
so soon?” 
Upon hearing this, Justin looked gloomy and walked over to take the box. 
“Justin, this woman is despicable! I thought she married you because she loved you and would sincerely take care of you. It turned out that she was just playing you like a fool!” 
Rosalind’s eyes were red. She picked up the fruit knife on the coffee table and rushed forward to slash 
the suit. 
Justin had quick reflexes, so he shielded the box with his body. 
As a result, the knife slashed Justin’s arm, and bright red blood soaked through his white shirt. 
“Ah! OMG! I’m so sorry, Justin!” 
The knife in Rosalind’s hand fell to the floor. She was so scared that she covered her mouth, and her 
mind went blank. All she could do was cry.
“OMG! What’s going on?!” 
Shannon came in with a few maids. She was frightened when she saw that Justin was injured. Blood was dripping on the white carpet, staining it red. “Justin, how did you cut yourself?!” 
“Ian, get a car to take Ms. Gold home.” Justin endured the pain and sighed helplessly. 
“Justin, I don’t want to go home. I want to be with you!” Rosalind hurriedly hugged Justin. 
“Right. You should let Rose stay here. It’s so late. She can take care of you since you’re injured.” Shannon saw an opportunity to help her niece. 
It was in Shannon’s interest that Justin and Rosalind got married, so she wished that Rosalind could stay over and sleep with Justin tonight. 
“No, she should go home.” Unexpectedly, Justin was firm on his decision. 
“Rose will marry you sooner or later anyway.” 
“When we get married, we’ll have all the time in the world to be together. Now, she should stay at home so that she can spend more time with her family. Secondly, Anna and I haven’t finalized the divorce, so it’s inappropriate for Rose to stay here.” 
At the mention of this, Shannon had nothing else to say. 
After sending Rosalind off, Justin looked at the state of the room and sighed. He ordered the maids to tidy up the mess. 
“Mr. Salvador, come and take a look!” 
Ian stood in front of the closet with a look of surprise and took out an intricate costume.
Justin walked over and looked at the costume closely. The dress was made of a soft-pink, smooth 
fabric and embroidered with lifelike peonies. He could tell at a glance that it must be very expensive. 
Peonies symbolize true beauty. 
His long eyelashes trembled, and his thoughts wavered. 
“Does the young madam perform on stage? If that’s the case, she’s amazing!” Ian expressed his admiration. He always had a renewed impression of his boss’ ex-wife. 
Ian also could not understand why his boss looked down on such a cool and beautiful woman. 
“Haven’t you heard of a saying?” 
“Huh?” 
“Performers are great liars.” 
Justin pressed his thin lips into a straight line and felt inexplicably irritated.
###chapter11
At this moment, Bella tied her hair up in a casual bun and embellished it with a diamond hair clip. She wore a sky-blue costume and sang “Think of Me” from “Phantom of the Opera”, with Asher as her 
audience. 
Her eyes were so expressive and charming. 
After the song ended, Asher applauded and smiled endearingly. 
“Not bad! Celeste taught you well. If we were in ancient times, you could definitely win the heart of a prince!” 
“Who wants to be a princess? If I get to choose, I want to be a ruling queen!” Bella snapped her fingers loudly. 
“Well, our three stepmothers certainly treat you like a princess.” Asher smiled helplessly. 1 
Bella lowered her eyes and sat next to her eldest brother. She felt sorry for her three stepmothers. 
“Bella, they missed you dearly over the past three years. They care a lot about you and have asked me about you in private.” 
“What did you tell them?” 
“Bella, when you left home and joined Doctors Without Borders, I knew that you were doing it 
because you were mad at Dad.”
Asher raised his arm and gently held her shoulders. He furrowed his brows and said with a hint of sadness, “But we can’t control our father’s behavior. What’s more, no one in this world is flawless. 
Even Justin has his faults. You’ve loved him for many years. Didn’t you notice all his faults after being married to him for three years?” 
Bella’s long eyelashes trembled. She held the cool jade bracelet on her wrist. 
“The only difference is that you can choose to leave Justin, but you can never sever the blood relationship with our father. Since you can’t cut off ties with Dad, why don’t you try to accept him as he is? Dad loves you very much. His three wives are also kind people. They’ve kept the house in good order all these years, and they’ve been nothing but humble. I can vouch for them.” 
In fact, Asher did not know that Bella had already accepted her three stepmothers as early as two 
years ago. 
Ian bandaged Justin’s wound and left the room. 
Justin got a headache when he thought of Rosalind crying, making a fuss, and smashing things. In his memory, Rosalind was gentle and sweet. She would not do anything out of character. 
He sighed and thought that it was only natural for people to change. 
Even so, Rosalind was his childhood sweetheart. She accompanied him through his darkest and most desperate days, so he was obsessed with her. 
Justin was insistent on marrying Rosalind, no matter what. 
He endured the pain and signed off on some documents. Inadvertently, Justin’s eyes fell on the suit that was placed on the sofa.
Justin stood up and walked over to pick up the clothes. He looked at them carefully. 
Although he was about the same height as Asher Thompson, his shoulders were a little wider than Asher’s, and he had a bigger build. 
Justin examined the suit and noticed that it was more his size. 
“How ugly.” He sneered. 
A few minutes later, Justin tried on the suit. 
He stood in front of the full-length mirror and took a look while stretching out his arms. It fit perfectly, and the workmanship was comparable to high-end brands. 
How could a country girl have such good taste in suits? 
At this time, there was a knock on the door. Wilma, Justin’s nanny, came in with a glass of warm milk. 
“Oh? Young Master, you finally wore the suit that the young madam made for you! She’ll be very happy when she finds out!” Wilma could not hide her joy. 
No one at Tideview Manor, besides Wilma, took Anna seriously. Wilma was Justin’s nanny, single- handedly raised him. 
“What did you say?” Justin was startled. 
who had 
“Isn’t this the suit that the young madam made for you? I don’t think I’m mistaken… The young madam asked me to pick it up from a tailor a month ago and told me to keep it a secret, saying that it’s your birthday gift.”
‘Birthday gift?’ Justin was stunned. 
His birthday was still quite far off. 
“Wilma, I know you’re close to Anna, but she has left, so you don’t have to side with her anymore.” 
Justin frowned. 
“Young Master, I’ve watched you grow up since you were a baby. If there is anyone I have to side with in this family, it’s definitely you!” 
Wilma came over and looked at the handsome man in the mirror. “The young madam said that it takes a long time to make a suit. She sewed every stitch by herself and even selected and customized the fabrics and buttons. She is usually busy with household chores and can only spare a little time every day to go to the tailor’s. That’s why she made it a month in advance and hid it in her closet for 
fear that you’d find it before your birthday.” 
Justin felt like someone had punched him in the chest. He widened his eyes in disbelief. 
“If you don’t believe me, take a look at the label. It even has your name on it.” 
Justin quickly took off his suit jacket and threw it on the sofa as if it had caught on fire. “We’re divorced. I’m not interested in knowing what she has done for me. You should go back to your room 
and rest.” 
“Young Master, why do you want to divorce the young madam? She’s a good wife who is completely devoted to you.” 
“Devoted to me?”
Justin sneered. “How could she be devoted to me when she threw herself into another man’s arms right after she left me?” 
“The young madam wouldn’t do that!” Wilma was shocked. 
“It takes a while to see someone’s true colors.” 
Justin stopped thinking about Anna. The blood rushed to his head. “Since she didn’t love me, why did she have to pretend for so long? Did she think that I would fall in love with her over time? Did she think that I was easy to fool and that she could manipulate me easily?!” 
“Young Master, I think there must be some misunderstanding. I could tell how much the young madam loved you.” Wilma shook her head in regret and walked over to fold the suit. 
“That’s enough. Stop defending her.” 
“Young Master, you’ll regret having lost her one day.” 
Bella wanted to sleep in, but her biological clock woke her up at 5:00 p.m. 
Usually, at this hour, she would have to make breakfast for the Salvadors. 
Now, she no longer had to breathe in cooking fumes and cook for a large family. She no longer had to 
care about them. 
Divorce was great! 
Bella simply washed up and put on tight-fitting sportswear. Then she went paddle-boarding on the 
lake behind the villa.
The lake was surrounded by beautiful flowers, and the birds were chirping away. Bella’s graceful and lean figure crossed the calm lake quickly, leaving behind some ripples. 
After finishing her exercise, she ate breakfast and washed up. Then she went downstairs, looking rejuvenated. 
Steven’s eyes widened when he saw Bella on the stairs. 
Today, Bella tied up her long hair and wore bold makeup. Her skin was flawless, and her eyes were gleaming. She wore a long black coat with a red lace dress underneath that showed off her slim curves. Her long and toned legs made Steven swoon. 
“Hey, wipe off your drool.” Bella walked up to him and snapped her fingers. 
Steven blushed with embarrassment. “Ms. Bella, you look beautiful today.” 
“Steve, you’re Asher’s chief secretary. Can you please stop looking like a lovesick idiot whenever you see a beautiful woman?” Bella shook her head in disappointment. 
Bella’s Rolls-Royce drove to the KS World Hotel. 
The beautiful boss appeared in the restaurant without notice. Although she was a world-class beauty, none of the employees dared to look at her. They were frightened, like mice that saw a cat. They did not even dare to breathe too loudly. 
The employees had learned their lesson yesterday and did not dare to cut corners at work. The marble floor of the hotel was perfectly polished, and all the ingredients prepared were fresh. 
Bella inspected the hotel, gave some instructions, and returned to the office. 
“Steve, I’ll be fine here for the time being, so you can go back to my brother.”
“I don’t have to go back.” Steven said with a smile, “Mr. Asher said that I will be your secretary from 
now on.” 
“What?!” 
Bella’s beautiful eyes narrowed slightly. “Asher said that he has a gift for me today. Could it be you?!” 
Steven blinked his big eyes innocently and nodded. 
Bella thought, ‘What the hell! Asher really has a knack for giving gifts. He gifted me an actual person!’ 
Seeing that Bella was silent, Steven panicked a little. “Ms. Bella, do you not want me because I’m a second-hand secretary?” 
Bella scowled. “That’s bullshit! It’s called having a rich work experience!” 
“Hehe, right. I hope I’ll learn a lot from you in the future! I won’t ask for much, just a higher salary increment!” Steven joked. 
“Is money even a problem? If you do well, I’ll make you filthy rich. But If you don’t do well, I’ll make you a third-hand secretary.” Bella rested her chin on her hands and curled her beautiful red lips deviously. 
Steven gasped and quickly reported on the hotel’s current progress. 
“As you requested yesterday, all the bedding from Alia Furniture has been replaced. We have also notified all hotels under the KS Group to replace their bedding within a week.” 
At this time, there was an urgent knock on the door.
###chapter12
Bella glanced at Steven. 
Steven understood and walked over to open the door. 
“Ms. Thompson!” 
The vice president of the hotel, Michael Gordon, who was responsible for the mistakes yesterday, barged in. He was so quick that Steven could not stop him. 
Bella frowned and watched as Michael rushed over to her desk. 
“Mr. Gordon, why are you still here? I’ve approved your resignation, so you may find another job.” 
“Ms. Thompson, you can’t do this to me! I have worked for this hotel for almost 20 years! I worked so hard for the hotel that I developed many illnesses due to exhaustion. Even your father wouldn’t fire me. How could you just fire me like this?!” Michael was sweating profusely as he yelled at Bella. 
“I’ve read the details of all the hotel’s top executives. Your illness includes fatty liver and gallbladder polyps. It looks like you’ve got quite a big appetite.” Bella sneered. 
Michael heard the sarcasm in her words and shuddered in fear. “I really didn’t know that Alia Furniture has been selling poor-quality bedding to our hotel! Alia Furniture has been cooperating with us for the past three years, and they quoted us a reasonable price. They are also a well-known 
brand in Savrow, so I…” 
Before he finished speaking, Bella flicked her hand and threw a document at his feet.
“This is a detailed account of all the transactions between the hotel and Alia Furniture in the past three years. Can’t you see that the financial report is full of loopholes when you’re in charge of the finance department?” 
Michael picked up the document apprehensively and looked through it. The pages felt like red-hot 
coals in his hands. 
“I also received an anonymous report.” 
Bella picked up the coffee mug and casually took a sip. Her eyes shone coldly. “Someone reported you, saying that you’ve had close contact with Alia Furniture and received a huge bribe from them to purchase Alia’s second-rate bedding in bulk.” 
Michael was so frightened that his teeth chattered, and he almost lost his balance. 
“I won’t fire anyone for no reason if I don’t have evidence. But I have the evidence, so I won’t show any mercy. Mr. Gordon, if you still have any ions, we will resolve the matter through legal 
means.” 
“Ms. Thompson, I’m sorry! I was blinded by the benefits and made the wrong decision. Please spare me! If this gets out, I won’t be able to find a job again in Savrow.” 
Michael was so frightened that he almost begged her on his knees. “Alia Furniture approached me first, saying that they would make me a fortune! Mr. Gold came up with this idea. I thought that all mattresses were pretty much the same, so I didn’t think much about it and fell for his tricks.” 
Bella laughed.
A vice president who had been in the hotel industry for 20 years started to act dumb in order to protect himself. 
“That’s enough, Mr. Gordon. You know what you’ve done. Rather than wasting your time with me, it will be more practical if you go back and submit a few more resumes. Mr. Lovett will see you off!” 
Michael’s face was filled with despair as he was driven out of the office like an unwanted dog. 
Outside the office, Michael immediately changed his expression and took a deep breath. 
“That bitch! I’ll teach her a lesson!” 
Bella resented seeing the hotel’s executives fill their own pockets while disregarding the hotel’s interests. 
“Michael Gordon must have a bad reputation among the staff to have a whistleblower stand out as soon as you investigate him.” Steven looked excited, like he had gotten his revenge. 
“No one reported him.” 
“What?! Were you just bluffing?” 
“Yup.” 
Bella responded nonchalantly and started to play video games. Her way of de-stressing was to vent her anger by killing zombies. “Even if I was bluffing, he wouldn’t have admitted his fault if he was 
innocent.” 
Steven could not help but applaud this move. Bella was certainly a risk-taker. He said, “Michael and Alia Furniture have been working together for three years. It looks like he’s taken quite a big cut. We should sue him and make him spit out everything.”
“We should leave some room for maneuver, just in case. If I press on too hard, the other hotel. executives may form a coup! Also, Wyatt was the one who promoted Michael back then, so I should show my father some respect.” 
Bella said nonchalantly while chasing some zombies in the game with a big axe, “During this period, get someone to keep an eye on Michael. If he contacts Rosalind’s brother again, report it to me immediately.” 
“Yes, Miss!” 
At this moment, Bella’s phone kept beeping with messages from a group chat. 
“Steve, I’m not free now. Will you help me check who’s messaging me?” Bella concentrated on her 
game. 
Steven hurriedly came over to take Bella’s phone. “Oh, it’s a group chat called ‘The Thompson Family Secret Bureau’. Your brothers are messaging you.” 
Axel was the one who created this group chat, with members including Bella and her four brothers. The reason it was called the Secret Bureau was because her marriage to Justin must be kept secret 
from everyone else. 
Bella was so shocked that she could not care less about the game and hurriedly grabbed her phone. 
After all, Steven was not aware of her marriage and divorce yet. The fewer people who knew about it, 
the better. Otherwise, she would be in big trouble if this news reached Wyatt: 
[Axel (Bella’s second brother): I can’t stand it anymore! Justin Salvador is a complete asshole!]
[Declan (Bella’s third brother): I’ll check if Salvador Corporation has any illegal dealings and will try to make them bankrupt within a month!] 
[Drew (Bella’s fourth brother): I will try to break Justin’s bones within a week.] 
[Asher (Bella’s eldest brother): Amen.] 
[Bella: Stop! Someone tell me what’s going on!] 
A few seconds later, Axel sent her a link. 
[Axel: That jerkface has already announced his new marriage. Not only that, some anonymous people commented that you were the homewrecker who stole someone’s love and forced that jerk’s hand in 
marriage. That was the reason they separated in the first place.] 
[Drew: Oh? Separated, huh? I’ll show them what real separation is…] 
[Asher: Drew, fret not yourself because of evildoers; be not envious of wrongdoers! For they shall soon be cut down like the grass, and wither as the green herb.] 
[Asher: Refrain from anger and turn from wrath; do not fret-it leads only to evil.] 
[Axel: Ash, please stop talking. You’ll grow a halo soon if you continue.] 
[Drew: Bella, I will take down all negative news about you in half an hour and remove news of Justin’s remarriage from trending topics.] 
[Bella: Drew, don’t.] 
[Bella: Let the storm come.]
Axel sent a confused emoji. 
[Bella: Because this has nothing to do with me! Justin’s ex-wife is Anna Brown, and I am Bella Thompson, heiress of KS Group.] 
[Axel: Right! You’ve never made a public appearance with Justin in the past three years, and no outsider has ever seen you. It’s unlikely that anyone will find out your true identity, so this news doesn’t affect you at all!] 
[Bella: But a certain ungrateful bitch is going to have a headache because of this.] 
She curled her red lips smugly. 
Bella thought, ‘Justin, I’ve given you a chance to be with your childhood sweetheart. But that woman is ungrateful, so don’t blame me for retaliating.’ 
Everyone at Salvador Corporation was caught off guard by the sudden news of the CEO’s marriage. 
The public relations department and Ian’s phones were bombarded by the media. This news also shocked Savrow and the whole country. 
Justin Salvador was getting married, again! 
Before the media could ask about his first marriage, he had already gotten divorced. 
Was it a secret marriage? 
“Savrow Daily was the first to release this news. I heard that Ms. Gold personally went to the director of the news channel before the news was released.” 
Ian stared at his phone intently. “Now, this article has exceeded one million retweets, but the number one trending hashtag is #whoIsJustinSalvadorsExWife. The netizens are also criticizing the young
madam.” 
“Sue them!” Justin’s handsome face was as cold as an ice sculpture. His eyes were so dark that they looked bottomless. 
Savrow Daily was under Salvador Corporation. This media channel had been advocating for them. 
“Who do you want to sue?” 
“Everyone who is involved in spreading this news!” 
“Yes, sir. But what about the public opinion? I’m afraid I can’t control it…” 
Ian could not help but worry. “Sigh… I wonder what the young madam thinks when she sees this. She must be very sad.” 
Justin’s eyes suddenly darkened. He immediately picked up his phone and called Asher. 
Damn it! Justin was calling Asher so often that people might think he had a crush on him. 
Justin hesitated. Then he saw Rosalind’s name on the caller ID. 
He frowned and had an inexplicable feeling.
###chapter13
“Rose?” Justin calmed down. 
“Justin! Come help me!” 
Rosalind cried for help. “I’m in your office lobby, surrounded by reporters! I’m so scared!” 
“I’ll pick you up now!” 
Without hesitation, Justin grabbed his suit jacket and walked out the door. 
“Mr. Salvador! You can’t go!” 
Ian hurriedly stepped forward to stop him. “Just send your bodyguards to pick up Ms. Gold. If you go in person, the reporters will bombard you!” 
Justin’s face was gloomy as he rushed out without any hesitation. 
“Ms. Gold! When is the wedding date with Mr. Salvador?” 
“You and Mr. Salvador are said to be childhood sweethearts. How many years have you known each 
other?” 
“What do you think of Mr. Salvador’s ex-wife? The article wrote that his ex-wife got between you and 
Mr. Salvador. Is this true?” 
The reporters’ cameras and microphones almost hit Rosalind’s face. Although the bodyguards acted as human shields, the scene was still very chaotic.
Rosalind pretended to be meek, but in fact, she was overjoyed. 
She was the one who announced their marital news to the media. She also revealed that Anna was a third party in her relationship with Justin. 
She thought, ‘That bitch dared to take the bracelet that belonged to me and even humiliate me. So I’ll make her a homewrecker that everyone hates!” 
“Thank you for your concern. Mr. Salvador and I will inform you of the good news as soon as 
possible.” 
Rosalind flashed a demure smile that she thought was particularly pretty in front of the camera. “As for Mr. Salvador’s ex-wife, Ms. Brown, I know very little about her. Please stop attacking her. After all, they are divorced now, so please let her live in peace.” 
Once she spoke, all the reporters became even more excited. The scene also became more chaotic. 
Just when Rosalind retreated like a frightened bird, a solid chest shielded her. Justin put his arm around her shoulders and walked quickly toward the door. 
“Justin, you’re finally here!” Rosalind’s eyes were teary, looking as if she were about to cry. 
Justin clenched his chiseled jaw and remained silent. 
Suddenly, he stopped and could not help but turn to look around. 
He had a feeling that Anna was nearby, watching everything that was happening. 
But how was that possible? 
The surveillance camera at the entrance to Salvador Corporation moved slightly.
Bella sat in her office and saw everything that had happened outside Salvador Corporation’s lobby door clearly. 
She watched helplessly as Justin shielded Rosalind in his arms. 
It was a lie to say that Bella was not upset by this. 
“Justin, you’re so protective of her, but have you ever protected me once?” Bella’s eyes turned red. 
She thought, ‘Two years ago, on that stormy night, when I was almost dying from pain, I called you in hopes that you would show up. Even though I knew it was a slim chance, I still tried to call you. But you rejected my call. After devoting myself wholeheartedly to you for three years, I was just a tool for you to please Grandpa and delay time. You’re not worth it, Justin. You’re the biggest mistake of my 
life.’ 
At this time, she received a message from the Thompson Family Secret Bureau. 
[Asher: Bella, the director of Savrow Daily, who exposed the marital news, has been replaced. Your ex- husband ordered this. It seems like his girlfriend released this news, and it has nothing to do with 
him.] 
Bella’s long eyelashes trembled as she replied. 
[Bella: It’s all the same whether it’s his girlfriend or him.] 
[Axel: Yeah! They’re the same kind of people!] 
[Axel: Bella, I just found some important information. I’ll tell you in private.] 
[Drew: Just say it here.]
[Axel: No! I found this out, so don’t you all dare to take credit from me! Find out for yourself!] 
After speaking, Axel sent Bella a voice message. 
“Bella, I found some interesting things about Rosalind.” 
On the surface, Axel was a public prosecutor, but only the Thompson siblings knew that he was also a hacker. Although Axel was not as good as her fourth brother, Declan, he was still useful. No criminal would escape punishment. 
It was the same in the case of Rosalind. 
He sent over a few photos. 
One of them was a photo of Rosalind dressed scantily and making out with another man. 
“Not bad, Ax! You know your stuff!” 
Bella whistled and flipped through the photos happily. “Where did you get these?” 
“Rosalind Gold has hundreds of followers on Instagram. I spent the last few days checking them one by one. Then I found out that this man looked suspicious, so I hacked into his account and his phone’s photo library to find these treasures. This man is a fitness instructor and has a lot of fans.” 
“Thanks for your hard work, Ax. I’ll treat you to a big dinner tonight!” 
“What about drinks too?” 
“Okay, we’ll go for drinks too!” 
“Don’t get too excited now. I have something even more jaw-dropping. Even I was shaken.”
As he spoke, Axel sent over a medical report, followed by several pictures of a woman’s abdomen. 
“This is…” Bella was startled. 
“Can you believe it? Rosalind gave birth to a child in Meridan. These photos are her stretch marks after giving birth.” 
Bella’s shoulders shook. She enlarged the photo and looked at it carefully. 
“That woman wasn’t sick at all. She just made excuses to go to the hospital frequently. In fact, she went to the plastic surgery department to remove the stretch marks on her belly. Hah! I guess advanced technology just makes things easier for these people with ulterior motives. I have been handling cases for so many years. I’ve heard of secretly swapping paternity tests, but I’ve never heard of removing stretch marks! I guess this just means that Rosalind and Justin have yet to sleep with each other. Otherwise, she would’ve been exposed long ago.” 
Bella breathed a sigh of relief and said, with mixed feelings, “That’s good.” 
“How is that good?! Does it matter? He cheated on you anyway. Bella, you have to change your way of thinking. Why would you comfort yourself with this?” Axel was afraid that his sister would be soft- hearted and forgive Justin. He just wished that he could run over and shake some sense into her. 
Bella laughed. “Ax, you misunderstood me. I don’t love Justin anymore. I just feel less disgusted that he hadn’t touched Rosalind while we were still married.” 
“Haha! I guess it’s karma that Justin’s sweetheart cheated on him!” 
Axel continued his rant. “That motherfucker deserves it! He doesn’t want the gorgeous daughter of the richest man in Hatchbay and instead insists on marrying a tramp like Rosalind!” 
“Well, that’s how Justin is. Money can’t buy his love.” Bella sneered, feeling bitter in her heart.
After all, she had been in love with Justin for 13 years, so she would need time to get over him. 
But no matter what, she promised that she would never fall in love with Justin again. 
“That tramp is attacking you now, so let’s dish this out and teach her a lesson!” Axel was eager to kill 
Rosalind. 
“I’ve had a habit since I was young to always save the best-tasting food for last.” 
Bella squinted her charming eyes and smiled dangerously. “This trump card should only be used at a 
critical moment so that it’ll give her a lethal blow.”
###chapter14
Justin brought Rosalind into his office under everyone’s gaze.
As soon as the door closed, Rosalind burst into tears and threw herself into Justin’s arms, hugging his waist tightly.
“Justin, I’m glad you came to pick me up. I was really scared just now…”
Justin’s eyes darkened. He raised his hands and put them on Rosalind’s shoulders, slowly pushing her away.
“Justin…” Rosalind looked confused.
“Why did you do this?” Justin’s tone was cold, and his eyes were intimidating.
“Do what?”
“Why did you go to Savrow Daily to expose our marital news?”
Rosalind secretly breathed a sigh of relief and hugged him again. “Because I can’t wait to marry you. Do you not want to marry me?”
“I want to, but releasing the news like this is inappropriate.” Justin’s expression was stern. He was not as gentle as he was before.
“Why is it inappropriate? You and Anna are already divorced!”
“We haven’t finalized the divorce yet, and we promised Grandpa that we wouldn’t finalize it until after his 80th birthday.”
Justin subconsciously withdrew from Rosalind. “Before that happens, she is still my wife in name. Now that you have exposed our marital news, all three parties will be affected. Grandpa will be even more against you now.”
Justin was a direct man who always considered the pros and cons of everything. He was only gentle to Rosalind, but what he said just now was a bit harsh on her.
That was because he thought that his childhood sweetheart would understand him.
As a result, Rosalind could not grasp the point. Her eyes turned red with anger. “Three parties will be affected? Justin, did you feel uncomfortable when you saw people criticizing Anna as the third party? Do you feel sorry for her?!”
“I don’t. But Anna isn’t the third party. The situation shouldn’t have turned out like this.” Justin pinched the center of his eyebrows, feeling a dull headache.
“Why not? She obviously came between us!”
Rosalind was so angry that she stomped her feet. Her voice was shrill and unpleasant, piercing Justin’s eardrums and making his headache worse. “If it weren’t for her, I would have been with you! It’s all her fault! She occupied my position for three whole years!”
“Anna was only my wife in name for three years. It was so that Grandpa would give in. Without her, you and I would never be together.”
After Justin finished speaking, his heart clenched.
Right. If Anna had not left him by the end of their three-year contract marriage, his grandfather would never let him and Rosalind be together.
That woman was always the first to greet him with a smile when he came home. She helped him change, heated his bath water, and quietly took care of everything so that he would never have to worry.
There was no fighting, crying, or fuss. Even after she signed the divorce papers and left Tideview Manor, she did not complain at all.
Even though Anna chose to be with Asher in the end, she had fulfilled her duties as a wife in the past three years. Justin, on the other hand, had only used her since the beginning. He had only looked forward to the end of their three-year marriage contract every day so that he could be with someone else.
Justin knew that he owed Anna much more than she owed him.
“Justin, are you siding with that woman now?” Rosalind was stunned. She felt that she could no longer understand what Justin was thinking.
“No, I’m just stating facts.”
At this time, the phone rang. Justin took it out and saw that it was his grandfather calling. He frowned.
He opened the door and saw Ian standing outside.
“Ian, get more bodyguards to escort Ms. Gold home.”
“Yes, Mr. Salvador.” Ian then gestured for Rosalind to walk forward.
“Justin! I don’t want to go back… I’m so scared!” Rosalind’s eyes were filled with tears as she held his hand tightly.
“Don’t be scared. Just don’t comment on anything the reporters say. I’ll take care of the rest.”
Justin sent her out with a stern look on his face, closed the door, and answered his grandfather’s call, enduring the pain from his headache.
“Hi, Grandpa.”
“Justin! How dare you break your promise to me? Are you so eager to marry that bitch?!”
Nigel was so angry that he yelled over the phone. “If you marry that Rosalind girl, I will never acknowledge you as my grandson!”
“Grandpa, today’s news has nothing to do with me.”
“I think that Rosalind girl released it! She couldn’t wait any longer because you haven’t proposed to her yet, so she wanted to force your hand in marriage!”
“Rose didn’t do it. Please don’t accuse her.”
Justin felt that his headache was getting worse. He tugged on his Windsor knot tie and slowly returned to the sofa, holding onto the wall as support.
He lied to his grandfather, who loved him the most, and he felt so guilty that his throat tightened. However, he had no choice.
“I won’t allow you to marry Rosalind! I want you to get back together with Anna!” Nigel did not care about what Justin thought and only wanted his grandson to be with his favorite Anna Brown.
“Grandpa, you promised me before that you’d let me make my own choice after three years.”
A cold sweat broke out on his forehead, and his breathing was unsteady. “I don’t have a chance with Anna. Rose is the only one for me.”
“Fine! You blind bastard! I’ll make sure to stay alive so that I can witness the day you regret losing Anna!”
After saying that, Nigel hung up the phone.
Justin exhaled slowly and covered his forehead. He walked to the desk and hurriedly took out a painkiller.
Ian had just returned from sending Rosalind to the lobby and happened to see Justin in pain. He hurriedly came over to help him.
“Mr. Salvador, how are you feeling? Do you have another headache?”
“I’m fine.” Justin sat down slowly, closed his eyes, and rubbed his swollen temples.
“You shouldn’t keep taking painkillers. I remember that the young madam used to give you massages and acupuncture over the past three years, which relieved your headaches. Why did it relapse?”
Ian sighed in distress. “It would be great if the young madam was here. You were always able to sleep peacefully after her acupuncture sessions.”
“Don’t mention her name.” Justin took a deep breath and felt frustrated.
“By the way, I have sent someone to investigate what you asked for.” Ian’s eyes flickered, and he hesitated to speak.
“Continue.”
“The person behind the two accounts that exposed the young madam was Ms. Gold.”
Justin looked up abruptly. His heart clenched. “Are you sure? How is that possible?!”
“I’ve triple-checked…”
Ian said in a low voice, “Otherwise, how could everything be such a coincidence? As soon as your marital news was announced, someone exposed the young madam. It’s clearly a planned move.”
Justin froze for a moment and slumped over, feeling powerless.
“Rose, why would you do this?”
He knew that Rosalind loved and cared about him. He also knew that Rosalind did not like Anna, but Rosalind should not have vented her anger like this.
“Go and deal with it, no matter the cost. I don’t want to see any of that negative news before sunset!”
When Rosalind returned home, her parents and her brother, Zeke, were overjoyed to see her.
“Oh, Rose! This trick of yours is so effective!”
Zeke was so happy that he grinned from ear to ear. “As soon as you announced your marriage to Mr. Salvador, our company’s predicament was easily resolved! Now, many hotels and guesthouses are looking to place orders with us. We’ll be filthy rich now!”
Her father also praised her. “You make our family proud!”
Previously, KS Group’s hotels returned all of Alia Furniture’s bedding products and permanently canceled the contract, which made other industry players question Gold Corporation’s standards. Many hotels that had already placed orders with them also canceled their orders. As a result, Gold Corporation suffered heavy losses. Zeke and his father were also anxious.
Therefore, Rosalind thought of announcing her marital news to save her family business.
Sure enough, the results were remarkable. Being affiliated with Salvador Corporation saved them.
However, Rosalind was not happy about this. She looked glum. “Do you know how much it costs me to save our family business? Justin quarreled with me today, and that old man will probably hate me even more!”
“What are you afraid of? How many more years can that dying old man be around? Don’t worry, he’ll be gone soon!”
Zeke smiled sinisterly. “As soon as that old man is dead, Aunt Shannon will control Gregory Salvador, and you can control Justin. That way, the entire Salvador Corporation will be under our control!”
“That’s right!”
Rosalind’s mother came over to stroke Rosalind’s hair. Her eyes flashed with greed as she said, “As long as Justin loves you, his grandfather won’t be able to stop you from marrying into their family. Your Aunt Shannon is the best example.”
Rosalind felt comforted after hearing this and nodded confidently.
This time, she would marry Justin no matter what and become the CEO’s wife that everyone envies!
###chapter15
The sun was setting, tinting the sky a golden hue. 
Justin sat tiredly in the back seat as the luxury car drove toward Tideview Manor. 
“Mr. Salvador, I have dealt with the people who defamed the young madam. Their accounts have been 
blocked, and we have sued them. But the trending topic of your marital news couldn’t be suppressed.” 
Jan looked troubled. 
Justin looked out the window with dark eyes. 
On the way home, Justin had the impulse to contact Anna. But he recalled how badly their last conversation ended, and he felt somewhat embarrassed to go through Asher to talk to her again. 
Even if she answered the call, what would he say? 
Should he apologize for what happened today? 
Justin could not bring himself to apologize, but he also felt guilty and suffocated. 
When the Rolls-Royce was about to arrive at Tideview Manor, Justin suddenly frowned and said, Stop here.” 
The driver stepped on the brakes and stopped on the side of the road. 
Before Ian could ask anything, Justin opened the car door and stepped out. 
He crossed the road and went straight to a retro-looking tailor shop.
Well-tailored suits were displayed at the translucent window, and a signboard hung overhead that read, “Wisteria’s”. 
Justin suddenly remembered seeing this name on the gift box that Anna left behind, which held the 
suit she made. 
He pushed open the door and walked in. The wind chimes rang, and an old tailor came out. 
“Sir, are you here to pick up clothes or looking to make clothes?” 
Justin was in a daze for a moment. He asked after a short hesitation. “Did a woman in her twenties make a men’s suit at your place about a month ago?” 
“Yeah! There was a young lady who came every day. I had a deep impression of her because she was 
so skilled!” 
The old tailor’s eyes lit up when he thought of Anna. “That girl is very talented in design as well. I’ve been doing this for 40 years, but to be honest, I can’t compare to her!” 
“Did she come here every day back then?” Justin asked in a low voice as his throat tightened. 
“Yes, she came on time every morning and worked on the suit until we closed in the evening. There 
The sun was setting, tinting the sky a golden hue. 
Justin sat tiredly in the back seat as the luxury car drove toward Tideview Manor. 
“Mr. Salvador, I have dealt with the people who defamed the young madam. Their accounts have been blocked, and we have sued them. But the trending topic of your marital news couldn’t be suppressed.” Ian looked troubled.
Justin looked out the window with dark eyes. 
On the way home, Justin had the impulse to contact Anna. But he recalled how badly their last conversation ended, and he felt somewhat embarrassed to go through Asher to talk to her again. 
Even if she answered the call, what would he say? 
Should he apologize for what happened today? 
Justin could not bring himself to apologize, but he also felt guilty and suffocated. 
When the Rolls-Royce was about to arrive at Tideview Manor, Justin suddenly frowned and said, ” Stop here.” 
The driver stepped on the brakes and stopped on the side of the road. 
Before Ian could ask anything, Justin opened the car door and stepped out. 
He crossed the road and went straight to a retro-looking tailor shop. 
Well-tailored suits were displayed at the translucent window, and a signboard hung overhead that read, “Wisteria’s”. 
Justin suddenly remembered seeing this name on the gift box that Anna left behind, which held the 
suit she made. 
He pushed open the door and walked in. The wind chimes rang, and an old tailor came out. 
“Sir, are you here to pick up clothes or looking to make clothes?”
Justin was in a daze for a moment. He asked after a short hesitation. “Did a woman in her twenties make a men’s suit at your place about a month ago?” 
“Yeah! There was a young lady who came every day. I had a deep impression of her because she was so skilled!” 
The old tailor’s eyes lit up when he thought of Anna. “That girl is very talented in design as well. I’ve been doing this for 40 years, but to be honest, I can’t compare to her!” 
“Did she come here every day back then?” Justin asked in a low voice as his throat tightened. 
“Yes, she came on time every morning and worked on the suit until we closed in the evening. There 
were a few times I caught her resting on the table because she was so exhausted. Sometimes, she would even forget to drink water all day. That poor child.” 
The old tailor recalled, “I asked her whether it was for her father or her boyfriend. She blushed and said it was for her husband. I didn’t expect her to be married at such a young age! I wonder who’s the lucky man!” 
Husband. 
This word was like a thorn in Justin’s heart. 
“Her eyes sparkled when she talked about her husband. I think she must love her husband very much. Otherwise, she wouldn’t make everything from scratch, right? Every stitch was made with love. Oh, right. Who are you? How do you know about her?” 
Justin’s Adam’s apple bobbed. Somehow, he blurted out, “I’m her husband.”
The old tailor was dumbfounded. He took a hard look at Justin and said, “Well, you two are the best- looking couple there is! What a perfect match!” 
When Justin came out of the shop, the afterglow of the sunset shone on his face. Everything felt like a 
dream. 
Anna had put him in this state. 
Did she really love him? 
But was she schizophrenic? If she loved him so much, how could she cut off all ties with him and 
throw herself into the arms of another man? 
Justin felt that his heart was empty. It was something he had never felt before. 
“Mr. Salvador, why did you go to a tailor? You usually wear high-end brands. When did you change your taste?” Ian was completely oblivious. 
“Nothing. Let’s go back.” 
Suddenly, his phone vibrated. 
Justin almost got PTSD from his phone today. He frowned and took it out to take a look, then heaved a sigh of relief. 
It was a call from his best friend, Ryan Hoffman, heir to Hoffman Corporation. 
“What’s up?” 
“Let’s go out and celebrate tonight!” Ryan’s voice was cheery and playful.
“What are we celebrating?” 
“Well, that depends on you. We can either celebrate your upcoming wedding or your divorce!” 
“Get lost!” 
“Haha! Just kidding! My new nightclub is opening today. Why don’t you come over to support me? You haven’t seen me in so long. Have you forgotten about me? Do you not love me anymore?” 
Justin hesitated for a moment and took a deep breath. 
“I’ll see you tonight.” 
That night, Bella took charge and cooked a sumptuous dinner for Axel. 
“Bella, you’re allergic to smoke. Although it’s not a severe allergy, you should avoid it as much as possible.” Axel looked at the table of delicious food and became concerned about Bella’s health. 
“It’s okay. I’m used to it…” [1: 
Only then did Bella realize that she had spilled the beans. She was so relaxed with her brother that she let down her guard. 
“What the hell?! Have you been cooking for that jerk every day for the past three years?! I’ll fucking kill him!” Axel was so angry that he almost flipped the table. 
“It’s nothing. It’s normal for a wife to cook for her husband. It doesn’t matter anymore. I won’t ever do such a thing again.” 
Bella laughed heartily, but she could not hide the sadness and disappointment in her eyes.
Axel, who had always been a jokester, suddenly became serious. He walked up to her, opened his arms, and hugged his sister like an oyster shell protecting a pearl. 
“Just treat the past three years as volunteering for a dog shelter. The four of us will pamper you for the rest of your life, Princess!” 
At 9:00 p.m. sharp, Hoffman Corporation’s newly opened nightclub, ACE, was filled with celebrities. After all, everyone wanted to support Ryan Hoffman. 
A global limited-edition Bugatti roared to a stop at the entrance to ACE. 
Axel, who was in the passenger seat, was the first to get out. He was wearing casual attire, which was different from his usually meticulous and solemn getup when he went to work as a prosecutor. He looked young, handsome, and aristocratic. 
At this time, the driver’s door opened. 
Bella put her hand on Axel’s palm and stepped out of the car, revealing her long legs. Tonight, she wore a tight and sexy silver spaghetti-strap dress. It was dazzling in the dim light. Her long black hair was styled into big waves, and she wore a pair of unique diamond tassel earrings, which made her face glow. 
Every guy standing outside the nightclub was drooling when they saw Bella. 
Axel was so frightened that he pulled his sister closer and said, “OMG, I think your dress is too revealing. Look at them!” 
“Is it? But I think I look pretty!” Bella raised her eyebrows charmingly. 
“You are! But you’re so pretty that I’m afraid these wolves will pounce on you and eat you if I’m not careful!”
“If anyone dares to pounce on me, I’ll pluck out his teeth one by one!” Bella smiled deviously. 
The nightclub was buzzing with excitement and adrenaline. 
Axel did not dare sit at the bar with his sister, so he booked a booth and ordered a table of expensive alcohol. He sat there sternly to keep the lewd men away. 
“Sigh… I regret coming with you, Ax. There are so many hotties here!” 
Bella shook her wine glass and smiled dejectedly. “You really shouldn’t be cockblocking me now that I’m divorced.” 
“What the hell! Bella! Getting divorced doesn’t mean that you’re not worth anything! Can you please stop coming to this sort of place to choose a man? You need to have higher standards!” 
Axel sat closer to Bella because he could not stop the lustful gazes that were sizing her up. 
At this moment, Ryan and Justin walked to the relatively quiet luxury booth on the second floor. 
“Mr. Salvador, you’re dressed so meticulously in a suit.” Ryan sized Justin up, shaking his head. “Are you glued to your suit? You came here to have fun, not to discuss acquisitions!” 
“Almost all the nightclubs in Savrow are losing money every year. Your place isn’t worth my money.” 
Justin sat down gracefully. 
“Haha! Do you think I’ll lose money?” 
“Are you not losing money now?” 
“I
am, 
but I’m not afraid. All I have is money! Hahahaha!” 
Ryan laughed heartily. He picked up the whiskey glass and scanned the crowd downstairs while drinking. 
Suddenly, he squinted his eyes and exclaimed, “Damn! She’s fucking hot! She dresses like she owns the place!” 
Justin had never been interested in women, but Ryan forced him to look. 
When he saw who Ryan was referring to, Justin’s eyes darkened, and his blood boiled. 
It was Anna Brown! 
Who was the man next to her? 
Asher Thompson?!
###chapter16
“Who is sitting next to that hottie? Wait. Isn’t that Asher Thompson, the CEO of KS Group from Hatchbay?” 
Ryan raised his eyebrows and said in a playful tone, “I thought Asher was an ascetic who had never set foot in a club. Haha! Did he finally give in to temptation?” 
Justin and Ryan had both mistaken Axel for Asher. 1 
That was because Bella’s brothers were actually quadruplets. Among them, Asher and Axel were identical, so people who were unfamiliar with them could not tell them apart. 
“Damn! I’m so jealous. That hottie should be my girl. It’s a waste for her to be with Asher!” Ryan became more enthusiastic as he spoke. 
Downstairs, Bella was smiling sweetly at Asher. 
Justin just felt annoyed. 
Back then, that smile belonged to him alone. 
What annoyed him even more was that the online slander seemed to have no effect on her. She was still in the mood to have fun. 
On the other hand, Justin had been worried all day. He was either busy cleaning up the mess or thinking about how he should explain it to her. 
“I should hook up with her tonight. I don’t care that she is Asher’s woman. I can still score even if there is a goalkeeper!” Ryan licked his lower lip, ready to make a move.
“Don’t mess with her. She’s my wife.” 1 
Ryan widened his eyes in shock. “What?!” 
“Ex-wife,” Justin added. He felt as if his throat was burning. 
“What?! She’s your nonsensical and boring ex-wife?! Bro, are you blind or stupid?! I think you must be blind and stupid! Look at her! She’s such a rare treasure! She’s a hundred times better than your 
beloved Rosalind!” 
Justin shot Ryan a cold look. Ryan stuck out his tongue and said, “Well, I’m just stating the facts. Also, I asked to meet her back then, but you said there was no need for that. So I thought she must look like a beast. I didn’t expect… Hey! Where are you going?” 
Before Ryan finished speaking, Justin rushed out. 
Bella and her second brother, Axel, had a few rounds of drinks. Her fair cheeks were tinted red. 
“Bella, are you okay?” Axel asked with concern when he noticed that she was a little drunk. 
“Roll the dice!” Bella could hold her liquor, but she was purposely drowning her sorrows. 
At this time, Axel’s boss called, so he had to answer it because there might be an urgent case. He said apologetically, “Bella, wait for me here. I need to answer this call, but I’ll be right back.” 
Bella waved her hand nonchalantly. “You’re dismissed!” 
As soon as the “cockblocker” was gone, the men around Bella gradually approached her, like sharks smelling blood. 
Bella’s eyes twitched. She glanced at them idly, studying them.
She thought, ‘This one is too short… This one is too thin… His nose bridge is too flat… His eyes are too 
small… No one can compare to my ex-husband…’ 
It was too bad that Justin’s good looks turned out to be a complete waste. Justin failed to live up to Bella’s expectations. 
At this time, Bella noticed several young men making noises in the booth next to her. Another man was forcing a woman to drink. 
The man with the lecherous smile was none other than Rosalind’s brother, Zeke Gold. 
What Bella could not stand was seeing a man secretly spike the drink before handing it to Zeke, 
Bella was furious. She stood up and walked toward them. 1 
“Yo! What a hottie!” The young men were drooling when they saw Bella. 
As soon as Zeke saw Bella, he instantly thought that the woman in his arms was subpar. 
“Can I join you guys? You seem like you’re having so much fun!” Bella’s drunken look added to her 
charm. 
“We’ll do whatever you want us to.” Zeke licked his lips. His eyes were lecherous. 
Bella picked up the spiked drink and said, “Simple, just drink it all.” 
The few people around them fell silent. Zeke’s lewd face darkened. 
All of them knew that the drink was spiked, so only a fool would drink it.
“Shall I feed you?” 
As soon as Bella said that, she narrowed her almond-shaped eyes and raised her hand to splash the 
drink on Zeke’s face. 
Everyone was shocked. The woman on the side screamed in fright and shrank back.
###chapter17
“You bitch! How dare you splash that wine on me?! Do you know who I am?!” Zeke was so angry that he cursed at Bella as he wiped his face. 
“Why would I care who you are? You’re a lowly bastard who wants to spike her drink!” Bella casually flipped her long hair. Her eyes were seductive. 
Zeke was infuriated that a woman was insulting him. 
If it were not for the crowd around them, he would have slapped her. 
At this time, two of Zeke’s bodyguards came forward after getting Zeke’s signal to remove Bella. 
Zeke wanted to punish Bella-better yet, on a bed. 
The two burly bodyguards rushed forward but missed. Even though Bella was drunk, she dodged quickly due to her muscle memory. 
“Too slow.” Bella yawned. 
“Get her!” Zeke yelled while wiping his face. 
One of the bodyguards got up and grabbed Bella’s shoulders. 
Unexpectedly, another man stood in front of Bella and twisted the bodyguard’s arm. 
The bodyguard, who was about 180 cm tall, was knocked to the ground in the blink of an eye. 
“Nice one!” Bella hiccupped and squinted her eyes. Her limp body leaned back.
Suddenly, a strong hand held her slender waist. She could feel the man’s warm breath against her cheek, which tickled her. 
“Um… Who are you? Don’t touch me!” Bella struggled for a moment. 
“Anna! Open your eyes and see who I am.” 
It was such a familiar voice that was so cool, deep, and captivating. 
Bella’s heart was beating wildly. She raised her eyes little by little, meeting Justin’s ruthless yet charming eyes. 
The man’s eyes narrowed slightly and darkened. 
Bella’s flaming red lips were so sexy. If it were not for her clear and innocent doe-like eyes, Justin 
would not have recognized that she was Anna Brown, the woman whom he had been married to for the past three years. 
“Anna, you’re really something! Are you so reckless now because you have Asher Thompson’s support?” 
“Yeah, so what?” 
Bella lifted her chin and looked haughty. “I just don’t like anyone from the Gold family and feel like 
beating them up. Do you have any ions? Even if you do, I don’t care!” 
Justin tightened his grip on her waist to hurt her. 
“Ouch… It hurts… Let me go…”
Bella squirmed in Justin’s arms. Her voice was soft because she was drunk. 
Justin was attracted to her. His eyes darkened. 
“Justin?!” Zeke was shocked. 
“Mr. Gold, what do you mean by this?” 
Justin looked at Zeke coldly. “Rose and I aren’t married yet. Please address me formally.” 
Zeke was rendered speechless. 
Bella thought, ‘Rose… How disgusting.’ 
She hated Justin’s nickname for Rosalind. 
After three years of marriage, Justin never had a pet name for Anna. 
The more she thought about it, the more miserable she got. She tried her best to break away from his grip because she would rather fall than let this jerk touch her. 
“Apologize to her,” Justin commanded Zeke. However, his eyes never left Bella’s so that he could 
ensure that she was alright. 
Zeke said resentfully, “This crazy bitch came over and splashed wine in my face! She attacked me for 
no reason, so she is the one who should apologize!” 
“Watch your words!” Justin’s eyes darkened. “She’s my ex-wife.”
###chapter18
Zeke was so shocked that his jaw almost dropped to the ground. 
It turned out that she was Justin Salvador’s mysterious ex-wife. 
Zeke had to admit that she looked much prettier than his sister. 
If Rosalind were not Justin’s childhood sweetheart, she might not be able to hold a candle to this charming woman. 
“Mr. Salvador, even if she is your ex-wife, that’s not a reason for me to apologize to her!” 
Zeke refused to give in. “Get her to apologize to me, then I’ll pretend that none of this happened.” 
“If I had arrived a little later, your bodyguards would have already done something to her.” 
Justin’s face turned cold. “Even if nothing happened, it doesn’t mean that you’re off the hook. Apologize to her!” 
Zeke was scared, but he still remained calm on the surface. 
Bella’s face was flushed because she was drunk. 
All she heard was “ex-wife” and “apologize”. She thought to herself, ‘Is this jerk asking me to apologize?! I’m nice enough not to twist his head off!’ 
“That’s too troublesome. I think it’s better to just send him to the police station or drag him out and beat him up.” 
Ryan Hoffman had a playful smile on his handsome face. He led two rows of bodyguards over, looking
like a mafia boss. 
“What reason do you have to beat me up?! We have laws in the country!” Seeing Ryan, Zeke was so frightened that his voice trembled. 
Ryan hooked his finger. The woman who was forced to drink earlier timidly hid behind Ryan. 
“First of all, these girls only sell drinks or dance on stage. They don’t have to serve customers. You have already broken my rules by forcing her to drink with you. Secondly, drugs aren’t allowed in my club. I hate it most when people do drugs on my turf. I’ll beat up whoever breaks my rules! You should really thank Ms. Brown. If she hadn’t stopped you from drugging my staff, you wouldn’t have walked 
out of my club alive.” 
Justin was shocked to hear this. So that was what happened! 
“Haha! Well done, bro!” Bella narrowed her eyes into little crescents and gave Ryan a thumbs-up. 
“Thanks for the compliment, Anna.” Ryan winked at her. 
Justin felt an inexplicable tightness in his chest when he saw their interaction. 
“Justin, what do you think of this arrangement?” Ryan asked. 
“It’s feasible,” Justin said curtly. 
“I’m sorry! Mr. Salvador, I really didn’t know that she was your ex-wife. I’ll apologize to her. I’m 
sorry, Ms. Brown…” 
Zeke gritted his teeth. He was unwilling to apologize to Bella.
Justin still felt that it was not enough, but he discovered that Anna had gone missing. 
“Are you looking for your ex-wife? She’s right there.” Ryan whistled and pursed his lips in the direction of the stage. 
Justin narrowed his eyes, and his heart trembled. 
Under the strobe lights, Anna swayed her hips seductively on the dance floor. Her smile was charming, and the bright lights appeared dim in comparison to her. 
Bella was completely drunk. 
She did not know what she was doing. She only felt like she was flying, completely free. 
Suddenly, she fell backward. 
Someone screamed, but she fell into a hard and warm embrace. 
She could barely see Justin’s angry face when she said drunkenly, “I want to puke.” 
Justin dragged Bella into the men’s bathroom. 
She threw up in the toilet until she almost passed out. No matter how beautiful she was, she looked wretched after puking. 
Justin stared at her coldly from the doorway at first. However, when he saw that she was in real pain, he walked over to her and patted her back. 
After vomiting, Bella walked to the sink in a daze to wash and gargle her mouth. 
“Ugh… I feel sick…”
“You were asking for it. Why did you drink so much?” Justin stood on the side, frowning. “Because… I’m sad…”
###chapter19
Bella was drunk and thought the man next to her was her brother, so she sobbed. “Why doesn’t Justin like me? Why…?” 
Justin’s heart clenched as he pursed his lips and listened to her woes. 
“I tried so hard… I really tried my best… But it seems that the more I try, the more he hates me. Why? Tell me why?” 
Bella suddenly turned around and hugged the man. She buried her face in his chest and cried out loud. Her tears and makeup stained his clean shirt. 
Justin stood frozen on the spot. His throat tightened, and he felt every drop of her warm tears burning through his chest and soaking his heart. 
After a while, he asked in a low voice, “Do you really like Justin?” 
Bella raised her face, which was red from crying. Her crimson lips parted slightly. 
Justin’s Adam’s apple bobbed as he tried to resist the temptation to kiss her. 
He even regretted asking this question. 
It did not matter if she still liked him or not. 
Their divorce was impending, and the love of his life could only be Rosalind. 
Suddenly, the bathroom door was kicked open. 
“Justin Salvador! What the fuck are you doing?! How could you cheat on your fiancee?!”
Axel’s eyes were bloodshot from anger. He pulled Bella over, looking like a protective mother bear. 
Justin furrowed his brows. ‘Asher Thompson has always been elegant and polite. If he’s getting so furious because of a woman, it proves just how much he cares about my ex-wife.’ 
Suddenly, Justin felt suffocated. 
“Mr. Thompson, she was drunk and puked earlier. If you really love her so much, you shouldn’t have brought her to a place like this.” 
Just as Axel wanted to retort, he noticed that Justin had mistaken him for Asher, so he played along and said, “My girl can do whatever she wants. If she likes to go clubbing, I’ll go with her! Mr. Salvador, since you’re divorced, stop sticking your nose into her business. You should just take care of your fiancee!” 
After that, Axel wanted to leave with Bella. However, Justin stopped him. 
“What are you doing?” 
“Do you really love her?” Justin asked in a deep voice. 
“What the fuck?” 
“Will you marry her?” 
Axel was momentarily rendered speechless because of this question. 
“It’s none of your business! Get out of my way!” 
“Anna is a regular girl. She can’t stand having her heart broken. If you can’t marry her and only treat her as a toy, then you shouldn’t drag her down. You should let her live an ordinary life before it becomes anything serious.” Justin was a little remorseful.
“Hahaha… Justin, I have never seen such a shameless person like you. Why didn’t you consider all that when you divorced Anna for Rosalind Gold? Thanks to you, she’s now divorced at such a young age. Do you think you didn’t drag her down? Why did you marry her in the first place if you wanted to divorce her? You just wanted to use her to appease your grandfather so that you could marry your childhood sweetheart, right? You lowly bastard!” 
Justin felt a stabbing pain in his heart. His strong chest muscles under his suit trembled faintly. 
Axel shoved him aside and said, “Get the hell out of my way, asshole!” 
Justin did not know how he managed to return to his booth. All he could think about was what ” 
Asher” said to him. 
“Where’s your ex-wife? Did she leave?” Ryan leaned against the railing, sizing up Justin’s flustered 
face while drinking wine. 
“Yeah,” Justin responded. He picked up the glass of whiskey and drank it in one gulp, feeling a burning sensation in his throat. 
“If it weren’t for your sake, I would’ve definitely beat up Zeke. How dare he drug my staff and touch my baby?!” 
“You don’t have to put up with him. He’s not Rose.” 
Suddenly, Justin came to his senses and frowned. “Your baby? What do you mean by that?” 
“Well, since you don’t want her anymore, I’ll take over the baton from you, bro.”
Ryan raised his eyebrows and smiled deviously. “I just don’t know if you’ll be able to accept seeing her around as my wife.” 
“I haven’t even finalized my divorce with her yet, and you’re already claiming her?” Justin’s eyes 
were dark as he sneered. 
“Well, you’ve already signed the divorce papers, so you’re not far off from making it official!” 
“I don’t know.” 
Justin clenched his fists. His handsome face was sinister. “What I do know is that you’re not that far off from death.”
###chapter20
Bella woke up and vomited again the next day. 
“Bella, I remember that you used to be able to hold your alcohol. How did you get so drunk last night?” Axel hurriedly handed her a glass of water to rinse her mouth and brought over some hangover medicine. 
“I haven’t touched alcohol in the past three years… So naturally, I’d get drunk after drinking so much all of a sudden last night.” 
Bella knew that Justin did not like women who smelled like alcohol, so she gave up drinking in the three years since she was married to him. 
“I know you’re drunk, but those who don’t will think that you have morning sickness.” Axel teased 
her. 
“Ha… If I was really pregnant with Justin’s child, what would you guys do?” There was a hint of grief in Bella’s eyes. 
“What else can we do? We’ll help you raise the kid, of course! No matter what, that kid is innocent.” 
Although Axel hated Justin with all his heart, he was still righteous. This was probably his professional ethics as a prosecutor. 
“Don’t worry. I won’t carry his child. He’s not worth it!” Bella sneered and drank some water to clear 
her throat. 
Axel said, “By the way, do you remember what happened last night?”
“I remember finding trouble with Zeke Gold. I think Justin came over at some point, but I don’t remember what happened after.” 
“You really don’t remember?” 
“I think I saw another handsome guy who came to help me out. Ugh! I was too drunk at the time. Otherwise, I would’ve asked for his number!” 
“That’s Ryan Hoffman. ACE is his new club.” 
Bella lost all interest when she heard this infamous name. “Never mind. I’m not interested in him.” 
“Did you know that Justin dragged you into the men’s bathroom after that?” 
Bella’s eyes widened. “What?!” 
“I don’t know what you two did in there. When I came in, you were hugging him and blowing your nose on his shirt.” Axel shook his head when he thought about that embarrassing scene. 
Bella gasped. 
“If I didn’t arrive in time to take you away, that jerkface might have…” 
“He won’t. Justin is not like Ryan.” Bella held her forehead in frustration. 
“Why are you defending him?!” 
“I’m not. I just think he’s a decent man. He’s just heartless to me.” After Bella said this, she could not help but feel heartbroken. 
“Oh, but that jerk actually asked me if I would marry you. He even told me not to play with your feelings. She said that you’re a regular girl and can’t bear being hurt again.”
Axel sneered. “He’s so full of himself! Why does he think that he can stick his nose into your business?” 
“Wait, why did he mention this to you for no reason?” 
“That’s because he mistook me for Asher, so I just played along and told him not to touch my girl. That jerk is probably angry.” Axel was smug. 
“What the hell!” Bella was infuriated and punched Axel’s handsome face. 
Steven prepared a delicious and hearty breakfast because he knew that Bella was hungover. 
Bella went downstairs wearing a pink silk nightgown. Her long hair was hanging loose on her shoulders. Although she was wearing a bra, she still looked sexy. 
Steven blushed and quickly looked away, not daring to take a closer look. 
“Hey! There are single men in this house. Can you please consider our feelings?” Axel rolled a hard- boiled egg on his bruised cheek and looked at Bella sternly. 
“I’m tired of wearing white dresses and sneakers because I’ve been wearing them for the past three years. Now, I can wear whatever I want! Who can stop me?” Bella rolled her eyes and took a bite of the 
sandwich. 
“Why did you only wear white dresses and sneakers for the past three years? Did you teach Sunday. school? You’ll mislead the next generation of kids!” Steven asked very seriously. 
“It’s none of your business!” The Thompson siblings said in unison. 
Bella applied exquisite makeup and wore a white skirt suit and Jimmy Choos. She once again. transformed into the beautiful boss of KS World Hotel, even though her head was throbbing like she
had been slapped by a gorilla. 
Sitting in the office, Bella recalled the conversation with her second brother in the morning, feeling a little confused. 
Justin helped her out last night and said those words to Axel. Did he care about her? 
Hah! How was that possible? Justin just did not like that his once servile “wife” suddenly changed her 
style and served a new master, so he became possessive over her.
###chapter21
Bella promised herself that she would not jump into the same shithole a second time. 
At this time, she received messages from the “Thompson Family Secret Bureau”. 
[Asher: Bella, all the defaming news about you was taken down yesterday. The social media accounts that spread rumors about you were also suspended.] 
[Asher: Justin did all that.] 
[Bella: Oh, I guess I should thank him.] 
[Drew: He’s naive if he thinks that deleting those posts will solve everything.] 
[Declan: Salvador Corporation’s stock price only fluctuated slightly at the market opening this morning. What a pity.] 
[Axel: Bella, we still have to take revenge on the Gold family even if we can’t do anything for the time being!] 
[Bella: Of course! I’ll take my time.] 
Bella called the internal landline. “Steve, come in.” 
Steven came in quickly. “Any orders, Ms. Bella?” 
“Did you compile all the documents and evidence I asked you to prepare?” Bella put her hands on the 
armrests and turned around in her leather chair. 
“It’s ready. We can hand it over to the authorities at any time.”
“No, no. There’s no rush yet.” 
Bella crossed her legs. Her fair skin glowed in the sun. “First, find a few media outlets that are closely related to KS Group, like “Hatchbay News”. Then release this news as it is to capture the public’s 
attention.” 
“Bringing the media in will make things very troublesome. Wouldn’t it be better to just catch the Golds by surprise?” Steven expressed doubts. 
“I always like a sense of ritual. I won’t kill my prey in one quick move. Instead, I want to hold it down and bleed it out slowly.” Bella gently touched the jade bracelet that Nigel gave her and looked at it. Her gaze was cold and cruel. 
After this incident was exposed, the Golds would encounter difficulties. Zeke and his father had no power to talk to her, so Rosalind would have to beg Justin to help her. 
Bella said to herself, “Justin, I can’t wait to see how concerned you’ll be about your fiancée.” 
* 
That night, when internet traffic was at its peak, this news was exposed. Within an hour, it became a big hit. 
“KS Group terminated all cooperation with Gold Corporation due to serious quality issues!” 
“Shoddy goods? Cutting corners? The quality of Gold Corporation’s subsidiary, Alia Furniture, is worrying.” 
Due to the sudden incident, Zeke and his father were completely unprepared. In addition, their public relations department was unprofessional, so they had no way to control the public’s opinion, nor could
they delete the negative comments. 
[Gold Corporation? Isn’t that Justin Salvador’s fiancée’s family? It’s unsightly for something like this to happen before their wedding ] 
[I thought his fiancee was from a wealthy family. It turns out that her family only sells poor-quality furniture!] 
[Although I don’t want to judge a person based on their family, this is quite low-level.] 
[OMG, I have to return the furniture that I just ordered from Alia Furniture tomorrow. What a rip-off! 
In the study, Justin heard Ian’s report about the Gold family’s encounter. He just felt like his head was about to explode. 
“The Thompsons are the richest family in Hatchbay. They are leading in almost all the industries they are involved in. If they take the lead in boycotting Gold Corporation, no one else will dare to go against them.” 
Ian curled his lips. He did not have any sympathy for the Golds, so he watched the excitement and mocked them. “It’s a good thing that Gold Corporation isn’t a listed company. Otherwise, their stocks would plummet when the market opens tomorrow morning. Your father-in-law has high blood pressure, so I’m afraid he may faint when he sees this news…” 
Justin raised his eyes and shot a cold look at Ian. 
Ian was so frightened that he dared not speak again. 
“There is no evidence to support this news. It may just be groundless.” 
Justin took a deep breath. His eyes darkened as he added, “How did this quality issue arise?”
“I heard that KS World Hotel in Savrow has a new boss. She took the lead in canceling the cooperation. with Gold Corporation. Within a week, all of the hotels under KS Group followed suit and replaced all of Alia Furniture’s products.” 
“How is it possible that a mere general manager of a hotel has so much power?” 
“Because she is the daughter of Wyatt Thompson-Bella Thompson.” 
Bella Thompson? 
Justin’s eyes darkened. 
Although he had never heard of this name before, it gave him an inexplicable sense of familiarity.
###chapter22
“Bella Thompson… I feel like I’ve heard this name somewhere before.” Justin rubbed his temples and murmured to himself. 
“I did an in-depth investigation about Ms. Thompson,” Ian reported. 
Justin’s eyes lit up as he thought, ‘Finally! This useless secretary is one step ahead of me!’ 
“Tell me the result.” 
“I couldn’t find anything about her.” Ian slumped his shoulders and spread his hands helplessly. 
“Ian, I think you should go to the human resources department to settle your salary tomorrow.” Justin’s eyes were cold. 
“Mr. Salvador, calm down! It’s not that I don’t want to investigate her. It’s just that Ms. Thompson’s information is like a top-secret file. I really can’t do anything about that.” 
Ian’s face turned pale from fright, and he wiped his sweat with trembling hands. “Don’t you think it’s strange? All I could find out about Ms. Thompson is that she’s the only daughter of Wyatt Thompson’s first wife. But no information about her can be found online. I’ve also searched on social media but couldn’t find anything. Is she a legend?” 
“Do you have a photo of her? Show it to me.” 
“Ah, yes! It took a lot of effort to find it.” 
Ian took out his phone, pulled up the photo, and placed it in front of Justin. 
Justin took a closer look and became infuriated. “Ian Harris! Do you have a death wish?!”
The old photo on the screen was blurry. Not to mention, the girl that Wyatt was carrying was only a 
toddler! 
How could they see anything from this photo? 
“Mr. Salvador, calm down! This is the only photo of Ms. Thompson that I could find on the entire internet. It was taken 20 years ago, at the funeral of Wyatt Thompson’s first wife.” Ian was 
apprehensive. Being Justin’s secretary was stressful. 
Twenty years ago. That meant Bella Thompson was about 24 or 25 years old this year. 
She was similar in age to Anna Brown. 
Justin stared at the photo for a moment. The more he looked at it, the more he frowned. 
Why did this girl’s features resemble Anna Brown’s? 
Damn it! After signing the divorce papers, Justin felt like he had been thinking about his ex-wife more frequently. What was going on? 
At this time, a maid came over and knocked on the door. 
“Young Master Justin, the chairman wants to see you. 
In the living room, Shannon was leaning on Gregory’s shoulder, sobbing quietly. 
She was already in her forties, but she still acted like a baby in front of her husband. 
“Greg… My sister is really pitiful. She married into the Gold family and did her duty to raise Zeke and Rosalind. She only lived a carefree life for a few years before getting into this situation. She called me
last night, and her voice was hoarse from crying. She said she was too embarrassed to visit me because she didn’t want to embarrass our family.” 
“How is this embarrassing? We are a family, so tell them to stop being strangers.” 
Gregory put his hand on Shannon’s shoulder and gently soothed her. His voice was gentle as he said, We’ll find a solution when Justin comes over.” 
Over the years, Shannon relied on her nice figure to drive away Justin’s mother and successfully married Gregory, becoming the matron of the Salvador family. 
Gregory was so fond of Shannon that he could not stop lusting after her. 
“Dad, were you looking for me?” 
Justin came over. His eyes were cold and unwavering. 
“Justin, you must save Rose’s family!” 
Shannon wiped her tears gracefully with a silk handkerchief and said between choked sobs, “Rose 
and her father have health problems. Rose fell ill and couldn’t eat anything when she heard this news. 
If you love her and feel sorry for her, you must find a way to save her family.”
###chapter23
“Justin, have you found out what happened?” Gregory asked with a frown as he comforted his wife. 
“I found out. The person who exposed this news is the newly appointed general manager of KS World Hotel, Bella Thompson.” 
Justin lowered his eyelids, deliberately avoiding the loving couple in front of him. 
In his memory, Gregory had never shown such tenderness to his mother or to him. Perhaps Gregory had already forgotten what Justin’s mother looked like. 
“The Thompson family from Hatchbay?!” 
Shannon covered her mouth and exclaimed, “That’s the richest family in Hatchbay! How could my sister’s family offend them?!” 
“We have never had any interactions with the Thompson family because our forefathers had a deep grudge against each other. Wyatt Thompson’s great-grandmother swore an oath that no one in the Thompson family could ever marry a Salvador. Anyone who disobeys this will be disowned by the Thompson family and will not be allowed to inherit anything.” 
Justin did not care about this because the person he wanted to marry was Rosalind, not Bella Thompson. 
However, after hearing what his father said, he felt a slight chill in his heart. 
“OMG! The Thompsons must be targeting Gold Corporation so that they can indirectly target us, especially since Rose will be marrying Justin soon. They are so petty!” Shannon angrily clenched the silk handkerchief in her hand.
“Justin, you should see Ms. Thompson tomorrow and find a way to stop her from attacking the Golds. This isn’t just their problem now. It’ll also affect our family’s reputation!” Gregory’s tone was extremely stern. 
“Oh, Greg, don’t be so stern with Justin. He has always been an obedient child.” Shannon massaged her husband’s shoulder and spoke in a soft voice. 
“I’m only saving the Gold family for Rose’s sake. It has nothing to do with anyone else, Aunt Shannon.” 
Justin’s charming eyes were deep and cold. After saying that, he turned around and left. 
Shannon turned pale with anger. 
She was the wife of Salvador Corporation’s chairman, but Justin still called her Aunt Shannon. What an insult! 
“Stop! Why are you still calling her Aunt Shannon? Shannon is know your manners?!” Gregory stood up and yelled. 
my 
wife and your mother. Don’t you 
Justin stopped, but he did not turn around. “You can have several wives, but I will only have one mother. So don’t make things difficult for me.” 
Asher went to Savrow to see Bella that night. During dinner, they talked about Michael Gordon and the Gold family. 
“Dad already knows your strategy, and he didn’t . He only said we shouldn’t let them get away with it if what happened was true and the evidence was conclusive.” Asher helped his sister cut up her
steak. 
“Wyatt is such a scumbag when it comes to women, but he’s very capable in other aspects.” Bella ate a piece of medium-rare steak and squinted her clear eyes while chewing. 
“That’s why our three stepmothers are so devoted to him. Apart from being a playboy, Dad is a good person. He hasn’t mistreated any of his wives.” 
“Right. No one will ever know the woes of the dead anyway, since stories are only told by those who are alive.” Bella lowered her eyelashes and stabbed her fork into the steak. 
Asher stared at his sister’s eyes, which were gradually turning red. He stroked the top of her head and said, “I know that you no longer hate our stepmothers. You just can’t let go of the past, and you still feel that it’s unfair for our mother. But Bella, have you ever thought that maybe Mom would have stopped blaming Dad a long time ago? 
“How can I not resent him? I’m sure his wives are just putting up with him. No woman will be able to 
share her husband with other women…” 
Bella’s breath hitched. 
She was the same. Even though she knew that Justin had a childhood sweetheart, she still fell head over heels in love with him and devoted her heart and soul to that man. In the end, she was ruthlessly 
abandoned. 
Wyatt was a womanizer, but he took care of all his women well. But Justin ignored her for the past three years. Moreover, he stabbed her in the heart again and again. 
She was so blind to have loved this heartless man for 13 years!
“Justin has been quiet these two days. He hasn’t called me.” Asher took a sip of red wine. 
“Oh, that’s because he’s busy cleaning up the mess of his sweetheart’s family. How would he have 
time for me?” 
Bella shook the wine glass leisurely. Her bright eyes were oppressive. 
“Anna Brown is too weak. Now, it’s time for him to meet Bella Thompson!”
###chapter24
The next morning, Justin dressed impeccably in a suit and leather shoes. He looked dignified and elegant as he went to the KS World hotel in his best condition. 
As soon as he entered the hall, he felt both physically and mentally relaxed. 
Justin had been there once last year, and he, being a direct and demanding person, had complained about its standards. 
He had once thought that the hotel had poor management and had nothing to shout about. 
However, stepping foot into the hotel again, Justin could feel its changes. The hotel was completely revamped and exuded the high standards of a first-class hotel. 
It seemed that Bella Thompson had excellent management skills. She was an opponent that he should not underestimate. 
“This is Mr. Justin Salvador, the CEO of Salvador Corporation. He wants to meet Ms. Thompson. Please pass on the message to your general manager.” 
After several inquiries, Ian finally found Bella’s administrative secretary and expressed the intention of their visit. 
“I’m sorry. You can’t see Ms. Thompson unless you have an appointment.” The administrative secretary politely rejected them. 
“Mr. Salvador is the CEO of Salvador Corporation! Does he even need to make an appointment?!” Ian 
frowned.
“Why not?” 
“You!” Ian was so angry that his face turned red. He really wanted to file a complaint against this 
secretary. 
“If I make an appointment now, when can I see Ms. Thompson?” Justin stepped forward and asked 
with a gloomy expression. 
“Ms. Thompson is very busy, so I can’t say for sure. Why don’t you come again tomorrow?” 
“You!” Ian felt that he was about to lose his temper. 
“It’s alright, Ian. Let’s make an appointment first.” Justin pulled Ian away. His eyes were dark and 
stern. 
After all, it was not classy to lose one’s temper in public, and it would not solve any problems. 
When they got back to the car, Ian was so angry that he clenched his teeth and pounded the car 
window. 
“That’s too much! This is Savrow, not Hatchbay! Is Bella Thompson not afraid that she would offend 
you with her lofty attitude? You can make her life difficult here in Savrow!” 
“Let’s come again tomorrow.” 
Justin furrowed his brows, closed his eyes, and tilted his head back. His chiseled jaw and lean neck 
formed a seductive arc.
“Did you hear what that guy said just now? I guess we won’t get to meet her tomorrow!” 
“If not tomorrow, then the day after tomorrow. Anyway, I have to see Bella Thompson.” 
Justin loosened his tie and felt a tightness in his chest. “The Golds can’t wait any longer. If we continue to wait, they may go bankrupt.” 
The next day, Justin went to the hotel early, but Bella refused to meet them. 
The third day was the same. 
Justin was a business tycoon and one of the top ten outstanding young people in the country. He had traveled abroad with the Prime Minister and had even received the highest level of courtesy from foreign countries. He was also an influential and authoritative figure in the country. 
However, Bella Thompson did not treat him with respect. 
How frustrating! 
It was a rainy day. Bella went to work in a good mood. 
She wore her ultra-high heels and a well-tailored double-breasted black skirt suit that made her look like a queen. She paired it with rose-shaped gold earrings, which completed the whole outfit. 
“Oh my god! Our boss is so beautiful and sassy! I’m totally in love with her!” 
“Since Ms. Thompson came here, the female employees have been waiting to see her outfit every day, while the male employees have been waiting to see her angelic face to purify their souls and give them the energy to work!” 
“I’m pretty sure she’s the most beautiful elite woman of her age.”
Since Michael Gordon left, every employee at the hotel has been happy to follow Bella’s orders. No department dared to slack off, and everyone strived for perfection in their work. 
The hotel went from lifeless to thriving, and it only took Bella less than half a month to achieve this. 
Before fighting against the outside world, one must first deal with the internal mess. 
“Salvador Corporation has secretly injected a large sum of capital into Gold Corporation, which has suffered heavy losses due to the cancellation of most orders as a result of the news. This investment 
kept Gold Corporation afloat.” 
On the other end of the phone, Asher reported the latest situation to Bella. 
“I guessed this would happen. Justin will definitely help his fiancee’s family. He’s so deeply in love with her that he doesn’t care that she cheated on him and even cleaned up her family’s mess. He really is a fool.” 
Bella sneered, kicked off her high heels, and rubbed her sore ankles. “But losing one’s reputation isn’t a problem that can be solved by money. Justin injecting capital into Gold Corporation is no different from giving money to a dead person. Nothing will come of it, and the results won’t change.” 
“Justin is a business whiz just like you. I’m sure he understands that, but at the moment, there is no better way besides stabilizing the situation with money.'” 
Asher chuckled. “Sometimes, I think that if you two actually love each other and end up married, the whole world will belong to you. There’s nothing the two of you can’t manage.” 
“We’re not destined to be husband and wife. We’re too incompatible.”
Bella took out a piece of chocolate from the drawer and put it in her mouth. There was a cold glint in her eyes.
###chapter25
Just after Bella ended the call with her eldest brother, Steven hurried in with an impatient look on his 
face. 
“Ms. Bella, Justin Salvador came again! He’s so shameless! It’s a pity he didn’t start a career selling 
insurance!” 
“His tenacity for helping his beloved fiancee is truly admirable.” 
Bella did not even raise her eyes. She was just busy signing some documents. 
However, Steven could hear a hint of jealousy and bitterness in her words. He was not sure if he had imagined it. 
“Ms. Bella, I will personally go downstairs and drive him away.” 
“No, invite him up.” Bella closed the cap of her pen and raised her eyebrows. 
“What?!” Steven was very surprised. 
“He’s so persistent and came three times just to see me. I ought to show him some respect.” 
Bella leaned forward and stretched out her cute little feet. 
Steven hurriedly walked over, got down on one knee, and helped her put on her high heels. 
“Go to the restaurant downstairs and find me a girl with a pretty face and an articulate voice. I have 
something planned.”
Ten minutes later, Steven led a waitress who met Bella’s criteria to the office. 
“Hello, Ms. Thompson!” 
The waiter bowed deeply to the boss and was too frightened to breathe. 
“Don’t be nervous. I have a small task for you, and I will reward you when it is completed.” Bella smiled slightly. 
“I don’t need any reward! I’m just happy to be of use to you, Ms. Thompson.” 
The waitress’s face turned red. “I really like you! You’re my idol!” 
It turned out that she was Bella’s fangirl. 
Bella smiled at her and nodded approvingly. “She has a similar figure to me. Steve, prepare a set of my clothes and shoes for her.” 
“Huh? Okay…” Steven left in confusion. 
“Ms. Thompson, what do you want me to do for you?” The waitress asked diligently. 
Bella’s red lips curled up slyly. “Justin Salvador, the CEO of Salvador Corporation, will come over to 
meet with me soon. I’m not in the mood to meet him, so you can meet him on my behalf.” 
When the waitress heard this, she was so scared that her legs went numb. 
“Don’t be scared. I will monitor the situation in this office, and you’ll be wearing a Bluetooth headset, 
so you just need to repeat whatever I say. Remember to act naturally!” 
After three visits to KS World Hotel, Justin finally got the chance to meet Bella Thompson.
Although his stern face remained calm, his heart was trembling. 
The administrative secretary led them to the elevator. Along the way, Justin’s outstanding looks attracted the attention of the female employees. 
They arrived at the elevators. Just as Ian was about to press the button, he was stopped by the administrative secretary. 
“This elevator is exclusively for Ms. Thompson. You two can only take the common elevators.” 
“Tsk! What’s the big deal?” Ian could not help but roll his eyes. 
Justin did not mind this. After all, he also had his own exclusive elevator at Salvador Corporation. 
The elevator slowly ascended the 40-story building. 
However, it stopped on the 30th floor. 
The administrative secretary said, “Please get off the elevator.” 
“We’re not there yet. Isn’t Ms. Thompson’s office on the 40th floor?” Ian asked in surprise. 
“Yes, but this elevator only goes to the 30th floor.” 
“What do you mean?” Justin frowned. 
“Aside from the general manager’s exclusive elevator, the other five elevators can only go up to the 30th floor. No one can take the exclusive elevator without Ms. Thompson’s permission. So if you two want to go to the 40th floor, there is only one way to do so-Take. The. Stairs.” 
Ian was furious. “Is this how Ms. Thompson treats her guests?! It’s too much!”
“I am only conveying the message. If you don’t want to take the stairs, I’ll send you back down.” The administrative secretary was like an emotionless robot. 
“Forget it. Let’s take the stairs.” 
Justin pursed his thin lips tightly, suppressed his anger, and walked out of the elevator without hesitation. 
Did Bella think that he would give up by making things difficult for him? 
What she did not know was that Justin would never give up.
###chapter26
“Mr. Salvador… I can’t do it anymore!” Ian panted as they climbed the stairs. 
The hotel had high ceilings, so each floor had more steps than usual. By the time they climbed to the 8th floor, Ian was already out of breath. His legs were trembling, and he was about to give up. 
“A man shouldn’t give up so easily. There are only two floors left. Hurry up.” Justin urged Ian as he climbed the stairs without changing his expression. 
Justin was 30 years old. He was two years older than Ian, but he served as a soldier in the peacekeeping force when he was younger. After he retired from the army, he regularly exercised and did martial arts, so his level of physical fitness was much higher than that of ordinary people. 
He could still climb another 20 floors if needed, because back when he was in the army, he would have to run at least 30 laps during their night run. 
Finally, they arrived at the 40th floor. Ian sat on the steps and panted heavily, while Justin stared at him coldly and shook his head. 
“Mr. Salvador, nice to meet you.” 
Justin turned around when he heard the voice. He saw a man walking over with a polite smile on his face. He was handsome and clean-cut. He had what many women would describe as a puppy-dog face, and it was hard to tell his real age. 
“I am Ms. Thompson’s secretary, Steven Lovett. Ms. Thompson has been waiting for you for a long time. Please come with me.”
‘Was she complaining that we were slow?!’ Justin was annoyed, but he had nowhere to vent his anger. His face darkened a bit. “Well, my feet certainly aren’t as fast as an elevator. I hope Ms. Thompson doesn’t mind.” 
Steven did not say a word. He just turned around and walked forward, ignoring them. 
“What’s with that attitude?!” Ian recovered his breath and could not stand being treated like that. He wanted to find fault with Steven, but Justin stopped him. 
“Wait for me here.” 
Justin followed Steven to the door of the general manager’s office. 
He took a deep breath. 
For some reason, Justin was nervous when he finally got to meet the elusive Bella Thompson, even though he was usually unfazed by most situations. 
After Steven knocked on the door, Justin heard a female voice saying, “Come in!” 
Steven opened the door and gestured for Justin to go inside. 
Justin felt his throat move slightly. He straightened his back and walked into the office. 
At this moment, Bella was eating chocolate in front of the computer screen in the next room, watching with interest as everything played out. 
A young woman with a clean and flawless face sat behind the desk. She was exquisitely dressed, and her long hair was let loose. She looked like a decent woman. 
Was she the Bella Thompson who made things difficult for him in every possible way? Justin could
not help but feel a little disappointed. 1 
Somehow, the Bella Thompson he had imagined was not like that. The woman in front of him lacked the arrogance, authority, and poise of a pampered heiress. 
“Mr. Salvador, you must be exhausted. Please, have a seat.” 
Bella used a Bluetooth headset to give instructions to her “puppet”, who conveyed the message, albeit not as naturally or calmly as she would have done. 
Justin sat on the sofa and looked around casually. 
This office was elegantly decorated, with a black piano placed in the corner. A natural marble coffee table with a stylish design and a luxurious vintage leather sofa were the unique pieces of furniture in 
the room. 
But what attracted Justin’s attention the most was the framed quote hanging behind Bella. 
“Hide your strength and bide your time.” 
“Nice calligraphy.” Justin sighed. 
Bella stopped chewing on her chocolate when she heard this, and her heart trembled. 
In her memory, this was the first time Justin praised her. 
During the three years she was married to him, she took care of all aspects of his daily life. But no matter how hard she tried, she did not gain any appreciation from this man. 
Unexpectedly, he complimented her this time.
It was a pity that she did not care for it anymore. 
“Mr. Salvador, do you like it?” Bella asked with a fake smile. 
“Yeah.” Justin was a man of few words, even when praising someone. 
“If you like it, you can take it with you when you leave. Just think of it as a gift for our first meeting.” 
“No need. I just think that calligraphy is very elegant and artistic. It’s not polite for me to take such an art piece from you.” Justin refused indifferently.
###chapter27
Chapter 27
“Hahaha…”
.” Bella laughed out loud, so her puppet could only laugh along.
Justin furrowed his eyebrows.
“Thanks for the compliment, Mr. Salvador. But you don’t have to be shy. I can write
hundreds of such calligraphy pieces a day, so taking one from me is not a big deal.”
Bella smiled mockingly, and Justin’s face stiffened. He clenched his fists tightly.
“Mr. Salvador, I know that you didn’t come all the way here to admire my calligraphy. Let’s
get straight to the point.” Bella did not want to beat around the bush and spoke
straightforwardly.
“To be honest, I am here regarding what happened with Gold Corporation. I hope that you
can stop suppressing them, Ms. Thompson. We can negotiate the conditions for that.”
Justin’s voice was deep, and his eyes were oppressive. “After all, I’m sure that you’ll
benefit more from working with Salvador Corporation in the future, especially in Savrow.”
“Mr. Salvador, do you think I’m suppressing them?”
Bella laughed out loud. “I only made a small complaint to expose profiteers so that other
industry players won’t fall for the same trap as my hotel did. We bought junk products and
couldn’t even get justice.”

“No one can guarantee perfect quality because there will always be errors in the
production process. Many car brands still have cases of mass recalls due to product defects.”
Justin was still defending the Golds. “Ms. Thompson, you can contact the manufacturer to
return or exchange your defective products. There is no need to spread that kind of news
to smear Gold Corporation’s image. If you use KS Group’s power to suppress and bankrupt
a medium-sized enterprise, no one in Savrow will dare cooperate with KS Group in the future.”
Bella’s charming eyes narrowed as she crushed the chocolate in her hand.
Justin was insinuating that if she did not let Gold Corporation off the hook this time,
Salvador Corporation would hinder KS Group’s future development in Savrow.
Bella thought, ‘What a jerk! How dare he threaten me?! Does he think that I’ll be scared?!’
“I’m really touched by the way you stand up for your fiancée, Mr. Salvador. But I never like
to mix work and personal feelings. Mr. Salvador, I know that you have humbled yourself to
be here today for the sake of your lover. But there is no way I can let Gold Corporation get
away with this, regardless of your threats or pitiful love story.”
Justin was infuriated, but he had no way to refute this.
He would never volunteer to clean up this kind of mess. What he was doing now was
purely for
Rosalind’s sake.

Bella looked at the man’s stiff and cold face on the screen and felt delighted.
“Well, it seems that we have nothing else to talk about. Now that I know your stance, Ms.
Thompson, I hope that you’ll forgive me if I ever offend you in any way when we meet
again as business rivals.”
Justin stood up proudly. Even if he did not get his way, he would not admit defeat. His back
was still as straight and unyielding as a soldier’s.
Just when he turned around to leave, he heard a voice from behind.
–“Ms. Thompson, I’m sorry! I was blinded by the benefits and made the wrong decision.
Please spare me! If this gets out, I won’t be able to find a job again in Savrow!”
-“Alia Furniture approached me first, saying that they would make me a fortune! Mr. Gold
came up with this idea. I thought that all mattresses were pretty much the same, so I
didn’t think much
about it and fell for his tricks.”
Justin looked back in astonishment. His mind was scrambled, and his ears were pounding.
After Bella played the recording, she elegantly raised her beautiful legs and watched as
the man’s face turned from white to red.
It was entertaining to watch.
“KS Group is more than willing to help outstanding small and medium-sized enterprises
develop further. But if a profiteer affects the interests of KS Group, then I will weed them out.”
Bella curled her red lips and smiled smugly. “Mr. Salvador, I’ve taken note of what you
said. There’s no need for us to continue this talk. See you again on the battlefield.”
Justin walked out of the office in a daze. Every single nerve in his body was quivering, and
he felt frozen.
“Mr. Salvador! How did it go? Did that woman make things difficult for you? Did she agree
to your request? Mr. Salvador?” Ian hurriedly came up to ask questions, but he suddenly
noticed that Justin’s expression was off.
“I’m fine. Let’s talk later.”
Justin’s steps were sluggish as he walked forward. His head began to hurt again, and
Bella’s words kept replaying in his mind.
He thought that the recording was a joke.
Justin originally thought that the Gold family was innocent and that the Thompsons only
targeted the Golds as an indirect attack against the Salvadors.
As a result, he turned out to be an ignorant accomplice.
Justin loosened his Windsor knot tie, but his breathing did not ease at all.
Suddenly, he heard the familiar click of high heels behind him.
The footsteps were sharp, steady, and graceful.
Was it Anna Brown?!
Justin’s heart clenched as he turned around abruptly, but the corridor was empty.
###chapter28
Bella returned to the office. The waitress who was her puppet earlier stood up in a hurry and walked over, legs still shaking. 
“I was scared to death! Mr. Salvador is so handsome! He also has such an intense charm that my face turned red when I saw him. Did I screw up, Ms. Thompson?” 
“No, you did a great job.” 
Bella handed her an envelope. “Here, you deserve this.” 
“Thank you, Ms. Thompson!” The waitress took it and felt a thick wad of cash inside. 
At this time, Steven handed her a confidentiality agreement. 
“I know you’re an honest lady, but for both parties’ sake, it’s safer to sign an agreement.” 
Bella smiled lightly. “Please don’t reveal anything about what happened here today. If a third party knows the content of my conversation with Mr. Salvador today, I will take it as your breach of 
contract and pursue legal responsibility.” 
The waitress nodded in panic, signed the agreement, and repeatedly promised to keep it a secret before she left the office. 
“Isn’t Justin Salvador supposedly ruthless? I think he’s just a fool in love! Don’t you think so, Ms. 
Bella?”
When she heard Steven calling her, Bella came back to her senses and laughed dryly. “Yeah, Mr. Salvador really loves Ms. Gold. He doesn’t mind compromising his dignity for his fiancée.” 
“I heard that Mr. Salvador used to be married, and he mistreated his ex-wife. Ms. Gold picked up the baton and reaped the benefits of what his ex-wife sowed…” 
}} 
Bella slammed her palm on the table and shot Steven a cold look. 
Steven trembled in fear, but he did not know what he said that made Bella so angry. 
“Ms. Bella, now that you and Justin Salvador are at odds, what are you going to do next?” Steven quickly changed the subject. 
“We’ll wait.” 
“What are we waiting for?” 
“When the Golds can no longer withstand the pressure and send Zeke to come forward to clarify their products’ quality issues, they will definitely try to clear their name. When the time comes, we’ll 
deliver a fatal blow.” Bella sneered. 
“Will Justin help them again?” 
“No, he won’t.” 
Bella raised her eyes and looked at the calligraphy piece that Justin complimented. “He was kept in the dark and didn’t see the Golds’ true colors before this, so he was taken advantage of. Now that he knows the truth, he won’t help the Golds again. He only loves Rosalind, and he never cares about
others. This time, he only helped because he was afraid that the Golds’ situation would indirectly affect his company. He’s good at weighing the pros and cons.” 
Justin repeatedly came over to look for Bella and climbed 10 floors for Rosalind’s sake. However, he refused to even pour Anna Brown a glass of water. 
— “Justin, my stomach hurts. Will you please pour me a glass of water?” 
–“I have something urgent to attend to. Get Wilma to help you.” 
Bella burst out laughing. Her misty eyes turned red. 
“Justin, you and Rosalind are meant to be together. You two are equally vile.” 
When Justin arrived at the hotel, it was rainy. When he was leaving, it thundered. 
Justin was in a similar mood at the moment. 
The atmosphere in the car felt as depressing as a funeral. Justin rubbed his temples as he felt pinpricks on his head. 
“Mr. Salvador, what is Ms. Thompson like? Why are you in such a bad mood after seeing her?” 
Ian was puzzled. “You’ve never met anyone you couldn’t handle, and you’ve always been able to deal with them calmly. But this time…” 
Justin recalled Bella’s childhood picture and had a strange feeling in his heart. 
The girl in the photo bore no resemblance to the Bella Thompson that they saw just now. Of course, it was possible that puberty changed her drastically.
“I want you to thoroughly investigate the cause of this conflict between the Golds and the Thompsons, as well as the recent movements of Zeke and his father. Report it to me as soon as possible!” 
Justin returned to Salvador Corporation and conducted back-to-back meetings. He had also approved a mountain of documents. Finally, he leaned back in his chair tiredly and took a deep breath. 
He thought that his relationship with Rosalind would be smooth sailing after Anna left because his wandering heart had finally found its place.
###chapter29
The fact was that Justin did not feel any joy in regaining his freedom to pursue his own love. On the contrary, he felt like he was unable to live up to the expectations he had regarding his relationship with Rosalind.
There was a knock on the door, to which Justin answered. Ian hurriedly walked in with a document.
“Mr. Salvador, I’ve investigated the situation. KS World Hotel canceled orders with Alia Furniture nine days ago and terminated cooperation with Gold Corporation. But at that time, KS Group did not disclose Alia Furniture’s quality problems to the media. The outside world was mostly just speculating what happened.”
Immediately afterward, Rosalind exposed her marital news with Justin and defamed Anna Brown. That was when KS Group exposed Alia Furniture’s quality problems, causing an uproar.
Justin clenched his teeth. He took out a painkiller with shaking hands and swallowed it to suppress his headache.
“I heard that a vice president of the hotel, Michael Gordon, took a lot of kickbacks from Gold Corporation before Ms. Thompson took office. When Ms. Thompson found out that the hotel was using defective mattresses instead of genuine ones, she fired him. Michael Gordon had been working for KS World Hotel for more than 20 years, and he was promoted by Mr. Wyatt Thompson. Gee, Ms. Thompson is so bold! She’s simply the female version of you, Mr. Salvador.”
Although Ian was still annoyed that he had to climb ten flights of stairs, he could not help but praise Bella.
“I have a feeling that these series of events are connected.”
Justin rubbed his temples. He suddenly thought of something.
The high heels clicking in the corridor yesterday were the sound of Anna Brown’s footsteps.
“Justin, don’t take any more painkillers. If you have a headache, I’ll help you relieve it with a massage or acupuncture.”
“Justin, my heart aches when your head hurts, so I want to cure you. That way, both of us won’t be in pain.”
Anna’s gentle words lingered in his ears.
In a daze, he felt a pair of hands reach out from behind him, gently pressing his temples and massaging his head.
Damn it! He thought about that woman again. He even had hallucinations.
Did he start to miss the affection, which he had neglected back then, after their divorce? He refused to be a scumbag like that.
As night fell, Justin’s Rolls-Royce drove down the wet road.
Salvador Corporation was not far from the KS World Hotel. Justin had always been envious of the land occupied by KS Group, which was now valued at nearly $10 billion.
If KS World Hotel had not been stripped of one star due to poor management, it would have been the only six-star hotel in Savrow.
Bella Thompson’s appearance seemed to turn the tide for KS World Hotel, bringing the hotel back on track.
At this time, the traffic lights turned red.
Justin wiped off the condensation on the car window and turned to look outside.
He saw a woman holding an umbrella and hailing a taxi by the roadside.
Justin’s eyes froze. He suddenly realized something. His heart was beating rapidly as he opened the car door and ran toward the other side of the road in the rain.
“Mr. Salvador! Where are you going?!” Ian was shocked.
Ever since Justin divorced Anna, he had been unpredictable and temperamental, so Ian was puzzled.
The woman stopped a taxi and reached for the door handle when a strong hand grabbed her arm.
She raised her head in surprise. Then her face turned pale, and her whole body froze.
“Mr. Salvador…?”
“Ms. Thompson.”
Justin’s bangs were wet, covering his sullen eyes. “Do you want me to give you a ride?”
The woman screamed in fright, shook off the man’s hand, and got into the taxi, which sped off.
“Mr. Salvador!” Ian chased after Justin and held an umbrella for him.
Justin pushed him away. His thin lips were trembling, and he was exhaling heavily in the heavy rain. “Bella Thompson… You liar!”
###chapter30
When Justin returned to Tideview Manor, his whole body was drenched as if he had gone swimming in work attire. 
Wilma hurriedly came over with a towel to wipe him dry, but he slowly pushed the towel away and walked upstairs, full of anger. 
“What’s going on? Who offended him?” Wilma asked Ian worriedly. 
“If you’re free, you should comfort Mr. Salvador later. He was tricked.” 
“What?! He’s so smart. How can he fall for a scam?! Have you called the police? Report it 
immediately!” Wilma was frightened. 
Ian shook his head repeatedly. “No, it’s a complicated case. The police won’t help. Mr. Salvador has just met his match.” 
“I told him to download an anti-fraud app a long time ago, but he just didn’t want to listen to me. Now look, he’s fallen for a scam…” 
Ian smiled bitterly and thought, ‘Mr. Salvador finally met someone he didn’t know how to deal with.’ 
Justin would much rather be scammed. At least that way, his self-esteem would still be intact. 
Justin walked upstairs with a pale face. At first glance, he looked like a vampire. 
“Young Master Justin, Ms. Gold is here. The chairman wants you to meet her in the study.” A maid came over and reported respectfully.
Justin pressed his lips into a straight line and went to Gregory’s study. 
“Justin! You’re finally back!” When Rosalind saw Justin, she looked like she saw a savior and immediately ran over to hug him. 
Justin’s face was pale, and he did not immediately respond to her hug like before. 
Seeing Rosalind tonight, Justin felt an inexplicable gloom in his heart. 
“Justin, how did things go? Have you met Ms. Thompson?” Gregory asked seriously. 
Gregory was the chairman of Salvador Corporation and had plenty of things to do every day. Such a trivial matter should not be his concern. 
He just could not stand being pestered by Shannon every night, so he had to put pressure on Justin to get this matter solved. 
“Justin will certainly protect Rose’s family. After all, Justin loves Rose. If he comes forward to talk to Ms. Thompson, they will probably let this slide. We’re a big company. The Thompsons won’t gain any benefits in Savrow by offending us!” Shannon held her husband’s arm and huffed angrily. 
This was the same trick she used for more than 20 years. She always praised Justin excessively, raising everyone’s expectations for him. 
That way, if anything went wrong, Gregory would resent Justin, deepening the grudge between this father-and-son pair. 
“Dad, Aunt Shannon, let’s stop helping Gold Corporation.” Justin’s dark and deep-set eyes were emotionless. 
“What do you mean by this?” Gregory frowned.
“From now on, I won’t meddle in the Gold family’s business again.” 
After that, Justin turned around and walked out without looking back. 
Gregory, Shannon, and Rosalind were all left standing there, dumbfounded. 
“Greg, is Justin joking?” Shannon’s smile gradually stiffened. She felt anxious. 
Gregory’s face darkened, but he did not say anything. 
Justin returned to the bedroom in his soaked clothes. But he had no intention of changing or taking a shower. All he could think about was how he had been tricked by Bella Thompson. 
He thought, ‘Bella Thompson, why didn’t you see me in person? Are you shy? Or do you think that I am not worthy of your time?!’ 
“Justin! Why?! Why don’t you want to help us?!” 
Rosalind chased after him and grabbed his arm with both hands. “All of our orders have been 
canceled. Our warehouses are overstocked, and we don’t have money to pay the workers’ wages. If this continues, we’ll go bankrupt!” 
All Rosalind could think about was how to save her family business, so she did not have time to care about putting up her usual demure facade. 
Justin said tiredly, “It’s getting late. I’ll ask Ian to take you back.” 
“Justin! What happened to make you change your mind? Will you please tell me?”
Justin was exhausted after a long day, so he did not want to talk. Moreover, he did not know what to say. Should he tell her that her brother caused his own demise by being a profiteer? 
Suddenly, his heart skipped a beat. 
The box containing the suit that had been placed by his bedside table was gone. 
Justin shook off Rosalind’s hand and searched around the bedroom. He shouted, looking sullen. 
“Wilma!” 
“Yes, Young Master?” Wilma hurried over. 
“Where is the suit that I placed on the bedside table?” Justin asked anxiously. 
“I didn’t touch it. You told me not to touch the things that the young madam gave you when cleaning your room.”
###chapter31
“When Ms. Gold went into your room today, I specifically told her that she shouldn’t touch the box on the bedside because you treasured it.” As she said that, Wilma glanced at Rosalind, who looked frustrated. 
Wilma addressed Anna as “Young Madam” in front of Rosalind to provoke her so that she would blurt out the truth. 
“I threw that box away.” Rosalind could not suppress her anger and admitted it. 
“Where did you throw it?” Justin’s face was dark. 
“Justin, why do you care so much about what Anna gave you? You’re already divorced, and I’m your 
new fiancée! Why do you still treasure the things she gave you? Have you ever thought about my feelings?” 
Tears welled up in Rosalind’s eyes. She was proficient in crying on demand as per her aunt’s training. 
“Where did you throw it?” 
Justin ignored Rosalind’s cries and questioned her with a cold tone. Rosalind was so shocked that she forgot to cry. 
“In the backyard’s trash can.” 
Justin ran to the backyard in the rain. He rolled up the sleeves of his white shirt and rummaged through the trash can for the discarded box. 
“Justin! Stop looking for it! It’s filthy!” Rosalind called out to him from the corridor.
Filthy? 
No one in the Salvador family knew what Justin had been through when he was five years old. As an illegitimate child, he wandered the streets with his mother and dug through countless trash cans in order to survive. It was all just to collect some scrap cardboard and aluminum cans that could be exchanged for money. 
He had grown up in a garbage dump, so he was all too familiar with this kind of filth. There was no need to avoid it. 
Finally, Justin found the dirty box and breathed a sigh of relief. 
At this time, Wilma ran over with an umbrella. Justin could not wait to open the box. 
The next second, his eyes turned red, and his expression turned grim. 
That was because the originally well-ironed and impeccable suit was cut to pieces. It was wrecked beyond recognition. 
Justin slowly turned back to Rosalind. 
Rosalind took a step back. She was so frightened by his cold and estranged gaze that she could barely 
breathe. 
In the end, Justin just held the box and walked past Rosalind in silence. 
“Justin! Do you like Anna? Are you regretting the divorce?!” Rosalind mustered hugged him tightly. 
up the courage 
and
“No.” Justin felt the emotions surging in his chest. 
He was frustrated. 
“But you’re clearly angry with me. Are you mad at me just because I threw away what Anna gave you? Have you ever thought about my feelings? When I see the things she gave you, I think of the three years you were married. Aren’t you afraid that I’ll get upset?” Rosalind asked aggressively. 
“What do I need to do for you to be satisfied?” 
Justin pushed her away and took a deep breath. “I have already divorced her and decided to marry you, even against my grandfather’s wishes. But you threw away her things, ripped her handmade clothes, and used the media to expose her, saying that she was a third party in our relationship. She was humiliated on the internet. She has disappeared from my life, but you still won’t let her go. Enough is enough!” 
Rosalind was ashamed. She felt like Justin had poured ice water all over her head. 
It turned out that Justin already knew what happened. 
“Justin… Do you think I want to do that? I do all that because I love you!” 
Justin relaxed his frown, but his expression became cold. 
“Next time, tell me if you encounter any difficulties. I can help you as long as it doesn’t harm anyone. But I don’t like it when you have other agendas in the name of love. I also don’t like people who scheme against me. You announced your marriage because you wanted to save your family business. This time, I won’t blame you, but I don’t want to see it happen again.” 
Justin left.
Rosalind folded her arms in a rage. She wanted to strangle Anna to death. 
On the other side, Bella and Steven were drinking red wine while sitting by the floor-to-ceiling window to enjoy the rain. 
She was playing her favorite opera on the vinyl record player. 
“Ms. Bella, that waitress contacted me and said that Justin caught her taking a taxi by the roadside after work tonight. I guess he already knows that she’s just a substitute.” 
Steven put down his wine glass. He knew that Bella’s feet must be tired after wearing high heels all 
day, so he got down on one knee, lifted her feet, and started giving her a foot rub. 
“I knew he would find out sooner or later, but I didn’t expect it to be so soon.” 
Bella enjoyed Steven’s foot rub. She curled her toes and narrowed her eyes. “After dealing with the Gold family, it will be the Salvadors’ turn. After all, Mr. Salvador was so direct today. How could I turn a blind eye to his challenge?”
###chapter32
Rosalind left crying. 
The maids did not like Rosalind because Rosalind would put on an act every time she came over. She 
would then leave in tears. 
Justin sat stiffly on the sofa, staring at the tattered suit in a daze. 
“Young Master Justin, it’s late. Have some warm milk before bed.” 
Wilma came in to bring him a glass of warm milk. When she saw the wrecked suit, she could not help but sigh. “What a pity.” 
There was another meaning in her words. 
“The next time Rose comes here, keep an eye on her and don’t let her enter my room or study. Anna’s room too,” Justin said in a low voice. 
“Don’t worry, Young Master. I will definitely watch her!” 
Wilma said, “Luckily, I had locked the young madam’s door today. Otherwise, Ms. Gold might sneak 
in and trash it too.” 
“Wilma, don’t say that. Rose doesn’t have bad intentions. After all, I owe her for the past three years.” 
“What about the young madam? What did the young madam do wrong? You divorced the young madam. Don’t you feel sorry for her?” Wilma felt that it was unfair for Anna and raised her voice. 
“Grandpa-forced me back then. She didn’t have to marry me if she didn’t want to.”
“Are you saying that the young madam brought it upon herself?” 
Justin pursed his pale lips. 
“You should go to bed early. I won’t disturb you.” 
Wilma left the room with a sullen face and even took the glass of milk with her. 
Justin’s eyes widened slightly as he hissed. 
He thought, ‘Is she upset with me? I wanted to drink that milk. When did Anna bribe Wilma? What a scheming woman!’ 
Rosalind returned home in embarrassment, bringing the bad news with her. 
Without the support of the Salvador family, the Gold family would be a complete mess. It would be difficult for the Gold family to make a comeback. 
“What does Justin mean by that? He keeps saying that he loves you, but he doesn’t do anything to prove it! Does he think that we’re pushovers ?!” Zeke smashed the ashtray. His eyes turned red with 
anger. 
“Justin loves me. He divorced Anna for me…” Rosalind sobbed and defended herself. 
“I think he’s just weighing the pros and cons! After all, you’re from a rich family. Who the hell is Anna? How can a country bumpkin like her compare to you? Anyone with a brain would choose you!” 
Rosalind knew that her brother was siding with her, but somehow, it sounded like an insult.
“Rose, why did Mr. Salvador suddenly change his mind? What happened?!” Rosalind’s father asked anxiously. 
“I don’t know either. He went to see Ms. Thompson today. When he came back, he changed his attitude and no longer wanted to get involved with our family business… Dad, Zeke, did you do something secretly that Justin discovered? He seems to hate our family…” 
“Damn it! Could it be because of his ex-wife, Anna?” Zeke suddenly realized what was happening. 
“What do you mean by that?” Rosalind became nervous when she heard Anna’s name. 
“A few days ago, I was hanging out at the Hoffmans’ newly opened bar and met that crazy woman who was looking for trouble. Justin suddenly showed up to rescue his ex-wife and even asked me to apologize to her! What the hell, right?! Zeke was still brooding over the humiliating scene. 
After hearing this, Rosalind was fuming. She was jealous. 
She thought, ‘I knew it! Justin developed feelings for that bitch. That’s what I feared the most. I won’t let Anna get back with Justin.’ 
“Alright. As long as Rose marries Mr. Salvador and becomes the lady boss of Salvador Corporation, we won’t have to worry about anything else.” 
Rosalind’s mother comforted her. Her gaze was cold as she said, “Anna is an unwanted woman. How much trouble can that bitch cause anyway? Our top priority is to change the outside world’s 
impression of our company and find a scapegoat for this matter.” 
“Scapegoat?” 
Zeke thought about it with a sinister smile and said, “He’s the most suitable candidate!”
###chapter33
The Gold family was in turmoil. Their reputation plummeted. The dozens of Alia Furniture stores in Savrow were empty. 
To make things worse, Justin stopped helping them. If they could not come up with a solution, they would be bankrupt when they used up the capital from Salvador Corporation. 
The Thompson family won over the public by exposing Alia Furniture for selling poor-quality products. After a long period of silence, KS World gained attention again. 
“As per your instructions, I had someone secretly follow Michael Gordon around after he resigned. He had met up with Zeke more than once.” 
Steven held Bella’s slender hand and patiently applied cuticle oil to her newly done burgundy-colored manicure. “You’re really clever to see through that guy’s thoughts.” 
“He received bribes and cooperated with Zeke to go against our hotel’s interests. This shows that they’re colluding with each other.” 
Bella smiled sweetly as she enjoyed Steven’s attentiveness. 
“The Gold family will hold a public press conference this weekend. I’ll be sure to give everyone something to see then.” 
Bella was so excited to receive the new mattresses that she went to the back door of the hotel to 
inspect the goods in person with Steven.
“Ms. Bella, you don’t have to do this kind of hard work. I’ll handle it with the housekeeping manager.” Steven persuaded Bella softly. 
“I’m not a weak young lady. I fired a gun and carried more than a dozen wounded people through the battlefield. I have also rescued hundreds of people before. I can handle inspecting a few mattresses.” 
When she said that, Bella’s clear eyes flickered with sadness and loneliness. 
Justin was one of the wounded people she rescued on the Kridor battlefield. 
At that time, bullets were raining down on them. Justin was shot in the leg and shoulder. He lay in a pool of blood as he yelled at Bella to leave, but she refused to give up. 
— — 
-“Leave me alone and go!” 
–“Get out of here! Get lost!” 
-“No! I will never abandon you, even if it means I have to die here with you. We’ll leave together!” 
At that time, Bella was ready to die with Justin. That was because it felt impossible to carry Justin, who was 1.9 meters tall, all the way across the battlefield to a safe area. 
Bella even wondered at that time whether dying with him counted as being together. 
They shared hardships when they were alive and would lie together in death. 
She had no regrets! 
Bella smiled wryly. Her heart clenched, bringing on a sharp pain.
She thought, ‘Justin, I can’t believe that my broken heart will still throb for you now.’ 
Bella regretted having met Justin when she was so young. 
Bella and Steven went to the back door and happened to see the workers unloading the mattresses. 
When the housekeeping manager saw that Bella came to inspect the mattresses in person, he admired. her work ethic. 
Bella jumped into the truck with Steven’s support, randomly took apart the packaging on a mattress, touched it, and sat on it. She was finally satisfied. 
“Very well. Unload these mattresses.’ 
}) 
At this time, an electric blue Lamborghini drove toward the hotel with a loud engine roar. 
The back door was close to the underground parking lot, so it was not surprising for luxury cars to pass by. 
However, this time was different. 
That was because the person sitting inside was Ryan Hoffman, who was dubbed “the Prince of 
Savrow”. 
At this moment, Ryan held the steering wheel with his left hand while hugging a sexy and coquettish 
woman with his other arm. 
Ryan wore sunglasses and inadvertently glanced to the side.
He happened to see Bella, who looked so gorgeous even when helping the workers lift a mattress. 
like an 
Ryan was deeply impressed by Bella when he met her in the bar because she was bold and sexy, 
exquisite rose in the night. At this moment, Bella was in professional attire, but she still looked as dazzling as ever. On the contrary, she looked smart, elegant, and sassy. 
Moreover, she gave her all when she was working and did not mind getting her hands dirty. She was different from those pampered young ladies around Ryan who had never lifted a finger. 
Ryan was interested in Bella and smiled playfully. 
“Country girls are really strong!”
###chapter34
Ryan brought a date to the hotel’s restaurant. 
As soon as the food was served, his date took photos of the exquisite dishes. 
Ryan was irritated when he saw his date taking pictures of the food and said, “Why are you taking photos? Haven’t you seen food before?” 
His date put away her phone angrily and stopped eating. 
When they were almost done eating, the restaurant manager came over and asked with a polite smile, “Mr. Hoffman, are you satisfied with your meal?” 
“It’s decent. The steak is perfectly cooked. I’m quite satisfied.” 
Ryan had a messy private life, but he was well-groomed. 
“What? I think it’s tough. It doesn’t taste good at all.” Ryan’s date dropped her fork rudely, which clanged on the plate. 
Ryan’s face suddenly darkened. His eyes were filled with anger. 
“Thanks for your feedback. We’ll make some improvements based on your comments. I’m really sorry that you didn’t enjoy the meal.” The restaurant manager was humble and bowed in apology. 
“Don’t listen to her. She probably forgot to wear her dentures today and can’t even chew through a piece of tofu.” 
Ryan’s date was embarrassed to be teased like that, but she dared not retort.
Ryan took out his bulging wallet from his pocket, pulled out a wad of cash, and placed it in front of the 
manager. 
Digital payments were popular in Savrow. Ryan was the only one who still carried cash with him. 
“Here’s your tip. I’d like to ask you about someone.” 
Ryan held his chiseled jaw in thought. His eyes had a longing desire as he asked, “Is there an employee named Anna Brown in your hotel?” 
“Mr. Hoffman, KS World employees won’t accept tips from guests, so please take this back. In addition, there is no employee by the name of Anna Brown in our hotel.” 
“Really? How is that possible?” 
Ryan became a little anxious when he heard this. “When I arrived at the hotel, I saw her unloading goods at the back door. How could you lie to me? You should check it out before you answer me.” 
“Sorry, Mr. Hoffman. There is really no need to check it out because I have been working here for the past 15 years. I know all the employees in the hotel, and none of them goes by that name.” 
The restaurant manager left after saying that. 
Ryan was still hung up on this when a beautiful figure entered his field of vision. 
Bella walked gracefully into the restaurant by herself. 
She was surprised to see Ryan, but her expression remained calm. 
Bella and Justin had been married for three years, but Justin had never treated her as his wife. He never took her out or introduced her to his circle of friends.
However, Bella was aware that Ryan was Justin’s best friend. Although she did not understand how two people with completely different personalities could be friends, she knew that they were very close. 
Fortunately, there were no other employees in the restaurant at the moment. Her identity would be exposed if someone came up and called her “Ms. Thompson”. 
Ryan stared at “Anna” with an intense gaze. 
His date saw that he had found a new target and gritted her teeth in anger. 
She was jealous when she noticed the difference in Ryan’s gaze. It was as if he had fallen in love at first sight. 
Bella asked the waiter for a cup of coffee, then she sat there and checked her phone. 
“Anna, what a coincidence! Are you here for lunch?” 
Bella raised her eyes calmly and watched as Ryan approached. 
“I’m just taking a break. I work here.” 
Ryan raised his eyebrows slightly. Of course, he knew that she was working here. He just needed an excuse to talk to her. 
He did not expect “Anna” to be so honest and humble, which made him like her even more. 
“Tsk, tsk… Asher really doesn’t know how to cherish women. He should just keep a beauty like you at home and give you whatever you want. How can he let you suffer like this? He’s so harsh on you. Ryan held his chin and tapped his cheek. 
“Keep me at home?”
Bella sneered. “Justin hid me in a house for three years. I’ve had enough of that isolation from the world. Mr. Hoffman, do you actually want me to repeat the same mistake?” 
Ryan was startled. Her smile was so sharp that he flinched a little. 
“After I left Justin, I swore to myself that I would be an independent woman. I would never want to be a housewife who stayed at home all day. I won’t mind suffering either. Mr. Thompson is willing to give me the opportunity to gain work experience, so I’m very grateful to him. He always respects my choice, so please don’t say that about him.” 
Ryan was rendered speechless. He smiled awkwardly. 
“Mr. Hoffman, your girlfriend is still there waiting for you. Don’t you think it’s inappropriate to strike up a conversation with another woman in front of her?” Bella lowered her eyes and began to chase him away. 
“How is she my girlfriend? We’re only having a meal together. Does it mean that if I kiss someone, have to marry her?”
###chapter35
Ryan’s charming eyes narrowed as he raised his eyebrows. “Let’s have dinner together. I’ll pick you up from work tonight. I’ll make a reservation for wherever you want to eat.” 
Bella frowned and said impatiently, “I have a boyfriend, Mr. Hoffman.” 
“I don’t even care that you had an ex-husband, let alone a boyfriend.” 
Ryan had always been open about relationships. He only considered his feelings for the woman and did not care about any societal expectations. 
“If you’re afraid we’ll be seen, we can go to my private villa. My chef is as good as Michelin-starred chefs. I’ll get them to prepare dinner.” 
Bella raised her eyebrows and thought, ‘Why isn’t my coffee ready yet?’ 
If she had her coffee, she would splash it on Ryan’s face to wake him up from his daydream! 
At this time, Ryan’s phone rang. 
He took it out and saw that it was Justin. 
“Excuse me, I’m going to take a call.” 
Bella thought, ‘Leave, for all I care!’ 
When Ryan left, Bella’s coffee was served. 
Before Bella could take a sip, Ryan’s date walked up to her arrogantly.
Ryan’s date did not hear the conversation between Ryan and Bella earlier. She only knew that Bella was the employee that Ryan asked the restaurant manager about. 
She thought, ‘How dare a working-class bitch seduce the most eligible bachelor in Savrow? I must 
teach her a lesson!’ 
“Hey, I’m warning you. Don’t even think about dating Mr. Hoffman if you still want to work here.” 
Ryan’s date stared at Bella with animosity. 
Bella frowned and fanned her nose with her hands. She had a headache from smelling such strong 
perfume. 
Bella wondered if Ryan even had a sense of smell. 
“If I don’t do as you say, what can you do to me?” Bella spoke without looking at her. 
“I will file a complaint against you and get you fired!” 
“Oh? The reason being that you’re upset Ryan talked to me?” 
“You!” The woman was so angry that her face and neck turned red. 
“Go ahead and file that complaint. I’m sure if you submit it to our general manager, the only feedback you will get is that you should get your head examined.” 
“Bitch!” 
Ryan’s date was furious and jealous of Bella’s beauty. She reached out to grab the coffee on the table, wanting to teach Bella a lesson.
However, in the next second– 
“Ah!” 
With lightning speed, Bella picked up the coffee cup before her and splashed the whole cup of coffee 
on that woman’s face. 
The woman’s makeup was ruined, and her newly bought branded dress was soiled. Her lips kept 
trembling, and she wanted to cry. 
Bella picked up the napkin and slowly wiped away the drop of coffee that splashed on the back of her hand. Her red lips stretched into a bright smile. 
“I knew that either one of us would get hurt, so in this case, I’d rather it be you.” 
Ryan answered the phone in the corridor. 
“Hey Justin, what’s up?” 
“It’s your mother’s birthday the day after tomorrow. Come shop for a gift with me. I don’t know what I should get her.” Justin went straight to the point. 
“Oh. My mother treats you like her godson. If you give her a weed from the roadside, she’ll put it in an antique vase. Just buy her anything,” Ryan said nonchalantly. 
“No, come with me to pick out a gift tonight.” 
“Maybe tomorrow. I have a date tonight.” 
“Postpone it.
}) 
“I already told her that I wanted to have dinner with her. How could I stand her up? It’s so ungentlemanly.” 
Ryan poked the inside of his cheek with his tongue. After some thought, he felt that he should come clean with Justin because he did not want to date Justin’s ex-wife behind his back. 
He wanted to date “Anna” openly. He cleared his throat and said seriously, “I won’t hide it from you. 
I want to date your ex-wife.” 
Suddenly, there was an overwhelming silence on the phone. 
“Hello?” Ryan glanced at the screen to make sure that the call was still connected. 
After a while, Justin’s cold and deep voice came from the other end of the call. “Are you with Anna now?”
###chapter36
As soon as Justin finished speaking, a scream came from the restaurant. 
Ryan suddenly remembered that he had left his date alone with Anna. That was trouble waiting to happen. 
“Bro, I can’t talk now. Anyway, I can’t make it today. I’ll see you tomorrow!” 
Ryan was about to hang up when Justin’s sharp voice stopped him., 
“Ryan Hoffman, where are you?” 
At this time, Ryan heard another scream that was more piercing than before. 
“KS World Hotel’s restaurant!” 
Ryan returned to the restaurant in a hurry. 
When he opened the door, he was stunned by the scene inside. 
Justin’s frail ex-wife grabbed his date’s hair and pressed her head on the table with her arm twisted to the back. His date was unable to move. 
Ryan thought, ‘Wow! This looks like a scene where the cool female detective arrests the criminal!’ 
He was initially worried that Bella would be bullied, but now it seemed like his worries were 
unnecessary. 
Thus, he simply crossed his arms and watched the show with a smile on his face.
“I’m going to sue you! I’ll make it so that you won’t be able to survive in Savrow!” Ryan’s date yelled and bared her teeth. Her face was deformed because it was pressed to the table. 
“Then you 
should hurry to the hospital. Otherwise, the slap mark on your face will hardly be visible. You won’t even be able to sue me for Level 2 assault.” 
Bella had no expression on her face the whole time. If this woman had not tried to attack her, Bella 
would not have touched her. 
When Ryan’s date saw that Ryan was back, she cried and shouted for help. “Mr. Hoffman… Mr. Hoffman, please help me!” 
“Alright, that should be enough to appease you…” Ryan came over and pulled Bella away. There was no hint of reproach in his tone. He sounded like he was coaxing Bella. 
Ryan was not startled by this fight because he had witnessed a crazier fight over him between four 
women. 
The main reason he stopped Bella was that she was Justin’s ex-wife. If word got out, Justin would be 
embarrassed. 
“Mr. Hoffman! What do you mean it’s enough? This bitch hit me! She slapped me and pulled my hair. You have to seek justice for me!” Ryan’s date was infuriated as she held her messy hair. 
Bella calmly sat down on the chair, crossed her long legs, and looked at the wretched woman as if she 
were a monkey.
Ryan admired Bella’s long legs and sized her up. In the end, his gaze landed on her fair and dainty 
feet in stilettos. 
He thought, ‘She’s so beautiful! How can she be so gorgeous? I’m in love!’ 
“I’m sure you must have provoked Ms. Brown for her to hit you. Is that right?” Ryan looked directly 
at Bella and asked. 
“Why should I apologize? Why?!” Ryan’s date was so furious that her face flushed red. 
“You like me, but Ms. Brown doesn’t like me, so you must have picked on Ms. Brown,” Ryan said 
confidently. 
Bella raised her eyebrows, thinking that Ryan was a logical person, unlike Justin. 
“How could you do this to me, Mr. Hoffman? I’m your girlfriend!” 
Ryan’s date cried and ran over to hug Ryan. The man took a step back in disgust, and she almost fell. 
“Girlfriend? When have I agreed to that?” 
Ryan’s eyes suddenly turned cold. His date was so frightened that she held back her sobs. 
“After you apologize, get out of my face. Don’t let me see you again!” 
Everyone in Savrow knew what Ryan’s temper was like. He was willing to compromise when he was in 
a good mood, but if he was angry, he would burn the world down.
“I-I’m sorry!” 
Ryan’s date gritted her teeth and admitted her mistake. She quickly covered her face and ran away 
dejectedly. 
“I’m sorry, Ms. Brown.” Ryan immediately changed his expression to an ingratiating smile. 
“Mr. Hoffman, didn’t you also ask her to apologize to me? We’re even now.’ 
Bella looked at her watch and stood up. “I’m going back to work. Mr. Hoffman, please help yourself.” 
Ryan was a watch collector, so he immediately noticed the Richard Mille watch that Bella was wearing. It was a global limited edition! 
He could see how much Asher doted on Bella. Even he might not be so generous. 
More importantly, Anna even wore such an expensive watch to do menial work. She was indeed a country bumpkin who did not know the value of luxury goods. 
“Ms. Brown, when do you get off work? I’ll pick you up in the evening.” Ryan chased after Bella.
###chapter37
“Don’t wait for me.” 
Bella rejected Ryan with a perfunctory smile. “I won’t eat with you.” 
Ryan clicked his tongue and said, “Why are you so heartless? Can’t you just have a meal with me as a show of gratitude for helping you teach Zeke a lesson last time at ACE?” 
Bella laughed mockingly. “I remember that Justin was the one who came to my rescue. You’re not a good friend for stealing his credit behind his back.” 
“Ms. Brown, did I offend you? Why can’t you give me a chance?” 
Ryan looked at her with intense affection. “Just because you’re with Asher? Will Asher dare to openly say that you’re his girlfriend? I will!” 
“Mr. Hoffman, love isn’t first come, first served, but I have integrity and morals.” 
Ryan felt ashamed. His face turned pale in an instant. 
“I know that I’m not from an affluent family, but I have principles. When Justin and I got married, he was the only one I loved. Now that Asher, the CEO of KS Group, is my boyfriend, I only have eyes for him. I like to make my own choices, so I can’t stand people forcing my hand. Mr. Hoffman, please show some respect and stop pestering me.’ 
Bella’s heart ached when she said these words. 
Even Ryan could see that she was trying her best to suppress the resentment and hurt in her eyes darkened.
Bella took a deep breath, raised her chin slightly, regained her composure, and walked out. 
Suddenly, she stopped in her tracks. 
“Justin?!” Ryan’s eyes widened. 
Justin arrived too soon. Did he take a rocket here? 
eyes. His 
At this moment, Justin stood at the entrance of the restaurant, emanating a strong chill from his body. 
The hotel, which was fully air-conditioned, turned into an ice cellar at this moment. 
Bella met Justin’s intense gaze. 
His eyes were beautiful. The ends of his eyes were slightly raised and red, and his irises were bright. Bella realized that she was still infatuated with his looks. 
However, Justin had only been indifferent to her for the past three years. He had never smiled at her, let alone shown any affection. 
Bella was just too stubborn, thinking that she could change him and gain his love one day if she put in 
more effort. In the end, she was the only one who had changed. 
Justin approached her. His eyes narrowed slightly. 
When Justin heard that Ryan was with “Anna”, he turned down his afternoon meeting without hesitation and drove over by himself.
He happened to hear what “Anna” said to Ryan. His heart felt as if it had been hollowed out, and his chest was indescribably empty. 
Later, a hint of anger bubbled in his chest. He was not one to lose his temper randomly, but when facing “Anna”, his emotions were always difficult to control. 
“Why are you here?” Justin stared at Bella’s face. 
“I’m working.” Bella turned away and did not bother to speak to him more. 
“Don’t you remember what I said? Before we finalize the divorce, we are still legally married, so you are still a member of the Salvador family. You know very well that the Salvador family and the Thompson family are sworn enemies, yet you still work in a hotel owned by them? What are you thinking? Do you want to piss me off, disgust me, or slap me in the face?” Justin took a deep breath as the veins on his forehead bulged. 
Ryan panicked. Just as he was about to say something, Bella spoke. 
“Oh, so that’s what you think.” 
Bella slowly lowered her indifferent gaze back to Justin’s handsome face. “In that case, let’s get our divorce certificate today. I don’t want you to keep haunting me like a resentful ghost and look at me so viciously whenever you see me.” 
“Anna Brown!” Justin suddenly frowned. 
“Did you bring your documents? Ask Ian to deliver it to you. I carry it with me at all times, just in case I’ll get to use it.” 
Bella walked past Justin with a mocking smile. She did not miss him one bit.
Justin’s eyes turned red in an instant. 
He suddenly grabbed her slender arm with a frightening force, as if he were afraid that she would run away from him and he would never be able to catch her again. 
However, the next second, there was a loud pop. 
Bella suddenly felt a sharp pain, and sweat broke out on her forehead. 
Justin froze. His heart was pounding. 
He actually dislocated Bella’s arm!
###chapter38
“Fuck! Justin, are you crazy?!” 
Ryan was shocked. 
Bella’s face turned pale. Her already thin arms hung limply by her sides, and her smooth forehead was covered with cold sweat. 
Ryan was distressed to see Bella like this, while Justin was ruthless. 
Justin clenched his fist and staggered back in shock, his mouth slightly parted. 
“Ms. Brown, your arm is dislocated! I’ll take you to the hospital right away!” 
Ryan was anxious and wanted to come over to help Bella, but she coldly dodged him. “No need… I can handle it by myself.” 
“How are you going to deal with it? Your arm is dislocated!” 
“That’s none of your business!” 
Bella was furious. She glared at them with all her strength, not wanting them to touch her. 
Ryan was stunned. He did not dare to act rashly. 
Justin stared at his ex-wife, who was trembling with anger, and suddenly realized that he had never really known her. 
Justin had only seen her smile and act gently in the past three years. She was always trying to please him. At that time, Justin was dissatisfied with the arranged marriage, so the more she smiled at him,
the angrier he became. Later, he only felt repulsed by her. 
Now that they were separated, that bright smile disappeared from his life and was replaced by such hostility. But why did he find her more interesting like this? 
“Justin, stop being so conceited.” 
Bella took a deep breath. Her eyes were red. “I’m here to work, and I never thought about humiliating you or slapping you in the face. I just want to start my life anew after you abandoned me. You can end our three-year marriage without hesitation, so I don’t understand why you’re holding me back from starting a new life. Are you still hung up on me? I don’t think so… You just don’t want me to live a good life.” 
Justin’s pupils shrank, and he felt as if he had swallowed gravel. He was rendered speechless. 
Bella’s heart sank as she smiled mockingly. “Do you want to see me depressed and heartbroken to leave you? I will never feel that way about you again, Justin. For the past three years, I have been depressed and heartbroken every day. I have suffered enough from being with you, so leaving you is a complete relief from my misery. Don’t come to me again before Grandpa’s birthday, I don’t ever want to see you.” 
Bella turned around. The pain in her heart had surpassed the pain in her arm, so much so that she felt numb. 
Actually, this dislocation meant nothing to her. She could easily pop her arm back in place in front of them. 
However, she wanted to feel the pain that Justin brought her. 
Suddenly, Bella felt a warmth on her hips as she was being lifted from the ground.
Justin came from behind and picked her up, bridal style. 
“Put me down!” Bella’s cheeks flushed as she struggled in Justin’s arms. 
The more she struggled, the tighter Justin held her. Justin did not allow Bella, who was stuck against his broad chest, to resist. 
Bella could feel his heart thumping as her soft body was pressed to his chest. She could also smell the subtle woody fragrance that she liked on his clothes. 
Somehow, Bella felt like crying. For many nights, she sprayed his perfume on the bed and fell asleep, engulfed in his scent. 
She used to be happy like that, but at this moment, she only felt aggrieved thinking about it. 
“I’ll take you to the hospital. You shouldn’t delay treatment for the dislocation.” 
Justin’s face was expressionless, but his eyes were dark. 
“Let me go! You didn’t even care about me when we were married. You have no right to touch me after our divorce!” Bella was filled with shame and anger. Her voice became hoarse. However, Justin ignored her. His chiseled jaw tightened as he walked forward.
###chapter39
Ryan clicked his tongue and hurriedly chased after Bella. “Ms. Brown is right! It’s inappropriate for you to touch her since you’re divorced! Ms. Brown, let me carry you!” 
“Get lost!” 
Justin and Bella said it in unison. Justin’s eyes were red, while Bella blushed. 
Ryan thought, ‘Oh? Now they look like a couple.’ 
At the hospital, Bella was sent to the emergency room, while Justin and Ryan waited in the corridor. 
“Justin, you’re so cruel. How could you pull her thin arm with so much force? Did you want to dislocate it?” Ryan sighed and shook his head at Justin in disapproval. 
“How do you know she works there?” Justin stared at him coldly. There was a hint of anger in his eyes. 
“I went there for lunch and bumped into her doing menial work at the back door. She was working so hard that it’s hard to tell she used to be your wife.” 
Ryan smiled and said with a hint of admiration, “She’s not arrogant or impetuous, and she knows what fights to pick. She truly is the most special woman I have ever met.” 
Justin clenched his fists and said in a hoarse voice, “Then you haven’t met a lot of women.” 
“Well, at least I’m not like someone who can’t tell treasure from trash.” Ryan retorted and dissed Justin. 
Justin’s eyes were red. His heart clenched. 
“To be honest, I have a feeling that you’ll get back together with her.”
“Impossible.” Justin’s voice was hoarse. 
“It’s obvious that you still care about her. Otherwise, why would you rush over? Look at you. You came to see her at a moment’s notice, and your gaze is so intense when you look at her. How can you still say that you don’t care about her?” 
Ryan leaned against the wall, crossed his arms, and shook his head. “Bro, you’re a real jerk. You are the one who abandoned your wife for your sweetheart, so why are you so angry when you see her with someone else? Are you planning to have multiple wives like Wyatt Thompson from Hatchbay?” 
“She promised Grandpa that we wouldn’t finalize our divorce until after his 80th birthday. She should keep her promise.” 
“She only agreed to delay it for a few days for the sake of your grandfather, but you’re clinging onto her like she’s your lifeline. You’re so shameless.” 
“That’s none of your business.” Justin felt suffocated. 
“I know, but I like Ms. Brown, and I want to pursue her. That’s why I want to discuss it with you. Will you stop pestering my woman?” 
Ryan’s handsome face looked serious. 
“Just give up. You’re not her type.” Justin’s face darkened. 
“Well, she won’t know until she tries.” 
“Ryan Hoffman!” 
Ryan ignored Justin’s sullen face, tilted his head, and raised his eyebrows. “But if you regret your divorce and want to get back together with her before marrying Rosalind, I can back out and promise
not to bother her again since you’re the only true friend that I have. But if you marry Rosalind and keep pestering Ms. Brown, then I won’t side with you. I will even help her go against you.’ 
Justin pursed his thin lips. His handsome face looked stern. 
“Justin Salvador!” 
A roar echoed through the quiet corridor. 
Just as Justin turned his head, someone punched him hard on the cheek.
###chapter40
Justin attended the country’s top military academy and joined the army for three years. Even though he retired from the army and became a businessman, he was still very fit. 
Therefore, Axel’s punch only bruised the corners of Justin’s lips, but his body remained motionless. 
“Fuck! My love rival!” Ryan secretly cursed but did not dare to say it openly. 
That was because he remembered what Anna said to him earlier. He was the third party in their relationship, so he should not be too arrogant. 
Axel was furious and punched Justin again, but Justin quickly dodged him. 
“Justin Salvador! I told you to stay away from Anna! You shameless bastard!” 
Axel was panting, and his eyes were bloodshot. “If anything happens to Anna, I will skin you alive! I won’t let you and your company off the hook!” 
“Mr. Thompson, you’re overreacting. It’s just a dislocation…” Ryan was afraid that Justin and Asher” would get into a head-on fight and quickly came to break them up. 
“Oh, just a dislocation?!” 
Axel’s mouth twitched, and his eyes were filled with anger. “You two treat women like toys! How can you possibly understand my feelings? Anna is my favorite woman, and I will protect her until the day 
I die. Stop thinking about her and stay away from her!” 
Axel meant what he said. 
Bella was his priority. Even his wife would come second. 
Justin’s eyelashes trembled. That confession was so direct and affectionate. Justin had never had the courage to express his love for a woman like this. 
After leaving Justin, “Anna” became more eye-catching and brilliant. Asher and Ryan were both interested in her. 
Justin could not describe his sour mood. 
He felt like a fool who lost a treasure, which had become so sought after later. But he became reluctant to part with it. 
“Justin, just you wait! I will sue you!” 
Axel pointed fiercely at Justin’s cold face and thought that he would get Drew to kill Justin later. 
“Okay, but I’d like to correct you. 
Justin met Axel’s sharp gaze with an expressionless face. “My divorce with Anna isn’t finalized yet, so she is still legally my wife and a member of the Salvador family.” 
Ryan was speechless and thought that this guy was really good at killing people. 
Axel was so angry that he wanted to spit at Justin, but he was a sophisticated man. 
“Mr. Thompson.” 
A soft yet prominent voice sounded. All three of them turned their heads in that direction. 
Bella was standing there with her left arm in a cast. Her eyes were calm, and her pretty face was a little pale, like a fragile and lonely doll. 
Justin narrowed his eyes. His throat felt dry. 
The corridor was wide and empty. 
Bella stood there alone. Her features were delicate, and her eyes shone brightly. They looked so clean and pure that the three men felt an urge to protect her. 
Suddenly, a distant memory flashed in his mind. 
Anna… 
Justin felt a stabbing pain in his head, but soon the pain and fragmented memory disappeared. 
Axel hurriedly ran to his sister in distress. His eyes were red. “Does it hurt?” 
“It doesn’t hurt anymore. Let’s go home.” 
Bella smiled gently at her brother. Her smile was bright and affectionate. 
Justin was irritated by this scene. 
Axel put his arms around Bella’s slim waist and walked toward the other end of the corridor. 
Bella did not even bother to look at her ex-husband. 
Justin just felt indignant. He was about to step forward when Ryan grabbed his arm. 
“Justin, that’s enough. Don’t chase after her. You were the one at fault when you injured her. Don’t you know who called Asher over? She just wants to see him, so don’t go over there and ask for trouble!” 
Seeing “Asher” supporting “Anna” and disappearing from the corridor, Justin clenched his fists and felt as if he had lost his breath. 
Axel called Steven, who was still confused about the situation when he rushed over. 
Steven asked, “Ms. Bella! What’s going on? Who hurt you?!” 
“That bastard Justin hurt me!”
###chapter41
Axel was so angry that he gritted his teeth. He wanted to say more, but Bella glared at him, so he shut his mouth. 
“What?! I’m going to beat that bastard on your behalf!” 
Steven was angry and wanted to settle the score with Justin, but Bella stopped him. “Forget it. You can’t beat him. He used to be in the peacekeeping army, so you’ll just become his punching bag. Besides, he didn’t mean to dislocate my shoulder. He’s just careless and doesn’t know how to control his strength. He’s always been like this.” 
“Ms. Bella, why does it sound like you have known him for a long time?” 
Bella was stunned for a moment. She pursed her red lips and said nothing. 
Steven still did not know about her relationship with Justin. She did not mean to hide it on purpose, but she was just too lazy to explain herself. 
It was in the past anyway, and she did not plan to get back together with Justin. 
Back at the villa, Axel made coffee for Bella while scolding Justin for being a jinx. 
“I’m sorry, Axel.” Bella’s long eyelashes trembled guiltily. 
“Huh? Why are you apologizing to me?” 
Axel was surprised and raised his hand to touch his sister’s forehead. “Do you have a fever? What nonsense are you spouting now?”
“No, I just felt sorry for using you to keep my secret. Since Asher is on a business trip in Inalia, I can only ask you for help. I’m afraid that you think I’m treating you as a prop…” Bella’s voice became softer as she spoke. 
“Silly girl, what are you talking about?” 
Axel felt distressed and came over to hug Bella. He avoided her injured arm and pulled her slender body to his chest. 
“Mom gave birth to the four of us before you so that we could protect you. The next time you get married, the four of us will also accompany you!” 
After saying this, Axel felt that it was not right to assume this and quickly added, “Even if you never get married, we will still be at your beck and call. We’ll protect you and be your backers for the rest of your life!” 
Bella’s lips twitched as she thought, ‘Accompany me when I get married? Then I might as well be a 
nun…’ 
Justin’s mood was affected because he had injured Bella. He could not concentrate on his meetings all afternoon and did not listen to the reports by the senior executives. 
His lips were bruised, and his face was gloomy. However, no one dared to ask him what happened. They did not even dare to breathe loudly. 
Although Justin was Gregory’s illegitimate son, everyone in the Salvador Corporation respected him. 
Gregory’s eldest son from his first wife was frail and had been recuperating in Regarton. His illness had worsened in recent years, and he had to rely on someone to push him around in a wheelchair. Gregory’s second wife, Shannon, gave birth to two daughters. Her eldest daughter was 25 years old,
and her second daughter was 20 years old. None of her daughters were capable enough to be the heirs of the Salvador Corporation. 
Therefore, Justin was the only successor to the Salvador Corporation. He was outstanding and commanding, so those who initially opposed his succession dared not go against it anymore. 
“Mr. Salvador, the Walter Group Hotel we have an eye on in the western suburbs has been acquired.” The senior management reported the situation cautiously. 
“By whom?” Justin immediately returned to his senses and focused on the matter at hand. 
“KS Group. Walter Group transferred that hotel to them. In the future, it will be the second branch of KS World Hotel in Savrow.” 
Justin’s body stiffened, and his eyes darkened. 
“Why didn’t you tell me sooner?” 
“We have been negotiating the acquisition and almost got a deal, but Ms. Thompson from KS World Hotel came out of nowhere and intercepted our project. It was truly unexpected.” The senior management’s face turned pale with fright. 
“Almost got a deal? I think it’s almost time for you to retire.” 
There was no emotion in Justin’s eyes. His deep voice was oppressive as he said, “What did I tell you before? That hotel is in a strategic location. It’s only a 600-meter walk from Universal Studios, which will be built in two years. I wanted you to acquire it as soon as possible, even if we had to pay double. But you were so hesitant and timid. That’s why the project was intercepted! Now, KS Group has benefited from this. How will you or your team bear this responsibility?”
The senior manager lowered his head and wiped his sweat. His legs trembled under the table. 
“You’ll be transferred to Fenn’s branch next week. If you repeat this mistake, I won’t care that you’ve worked here for a decade.” 
After Justin finished speaking, he strode out the door, leaving everyone with stunned expressions on their faces. They felt as if they were walking on thin ice. 
Justin was angrier than usual today. 
“Could it be… Revenge?” 
(C 
On the way back to Tideview Manor, Ian glanced at the rearview mirror worriedly while driving. After Ms. Gold attacked Young Madam, Mr. Thompson stopped all our project cooperation and exposed the Gold family’s product issues. Could this all be Mr. Thompson’s intentions? Although the Gold family deserves to be in this situation…” 
Justin suddenly raised his eyes and looked sharply at the rearview mirror. Ian was so flustered that he almost choked. 
“Stop at the tailor shop in front.”
###chapter42
Justin pushed open the door and walked into the tailor shop. His large build was almost as big as the door frame. 
The tailor was ironing clothes and looked surprised to see such a handsome man in his shop. 
“Oh! It’s you!” 
“Please do me a favor. Money is not an issue.” 
Justin frowned slightly and opened the box in front of the tailor. 
“Oh my goodness! How did this happen?! How did such fine clothes end up like this?!” The tailor loved clothes so much that he felt distressed seeing such a wreckage. 
“It’s my fault.” Justin felt a bitterness in his throat. 
“That girl hand stitched this suit. I watched her work so hard to complete it that I felt tired on her behalf, as if I had made this suit.” 
The old tailor shook his head sadly. “What a pity… Such a waste of effort… It was a fine suit…” 
“Is there any way you can fix it?” Justin asked hurriedly. 
“How can I fix this? I can fix the lining that is damaged, but it’s hard to fix the outer surface.” 
Inexplicably, Justin’s heart clenched after hearing this. 
“Please try to fix it up as much as possible. I don’t mind if there are marks. At least sew up the tears in 
the suit.”
As soon as Justin returned to Tideview Manor, he felt an oppressive air around him. 
“Justin!” 
Shannon’s eldest daughter, Bethany, ran over anxiously. “Grandpa is here. He’s quarreling with Dad in the study upstairs. It’s quite intense. Please go upstairs and try to appease him!” 
“Why are they quarreling?” Justin cocked an eyebrow. 
Justin thought that Gregory liked to give the impression that he was a filial son. 
Nigel had high blood pressure and suffered a stroke, so he should not get too agitated. Gregory did not care about his long-standing reputation as a good son and got into a head-on conflict with Nigel. 
There was only one reason for Gregory to do that-for Shannon. 
“Rose is very close to our family. Now that her family is in trouble, it’s only reasonable for Dad to help, right?” 
Bethany was so angry that she stomped her feet. “But Grandpa refused to allow Dad to help the Gold family. Do you think Grandpa is senile? Helping the Gold family is equivalent to helping our family, right? Justin, you’re about to marry Rose. If this matter isn’t resolved, our family will be disgraced.” 
Justin’s eyes were gloomy as he went upstairs. 
Clang–! 
Nigel was sitting in a wheelchair in the study. He picked up the ashtray and teacup from the coffee 
table and threw them on the floor.
The old man was almost 80 years old. But as he got older, his temper became more erratic. He would sweep things off the table at a hint of disagreement. 
Shannon wiped her tears with a silk handkerchief and huddled in Gregory’s arms, crying. 
Gregory shielded her with his body. He was afraid that the glass fragments would cut her. 
“Dad! Will you calm down? Can’t you just talk properly?” 
“I will only talk to you if you’re being reasonable! You deserve a beating for doing such shitty things!” 
Nigel was so angry that he thumped his chest. “What did I tell you? I told you not to interfere in Gold Corporation’s affairs! How dare you go against me?! You bought their leftover products and even gave them some of our projects! How the hell did this woman brainwash you? Do you think I’m dead?!” 
“Dad, how could you say that?” Gregory was furious, but he dared not say anything else. 
“Am I wrong? Ever since you married this woman, your mind has been muddled!” Nigel slapped the 
armrest. 
“Dad… I know that you look down on me, but I have been with Greg for more than 20 years now… I’m a dutiful wife and mother, and I serve the Salvador family wholeheartedly. I’m cautious and respectful 
}) 
Shannon cried and continued, “I have never disobeyed you, and I have never caused any trouble to the Salvador family… I know it’s a blessing that I get to marry Greg, so I dare not ask for anything else 
Gregory glanced lovingly at his beloved wife in his arms.
Nigel was immune to her hypocritical attitude. He was so furious that he shook in anger.
###chapter43
Shannon said, “But my sister’s family is innocent. They do honest business, and it’s really unfair that they are being slandered for no reason this time. Moreover, Rose is about to marry Justin…” 
“Honest business? They’re profiteers!” Nigel sneered. 
Shannon’s expression froze. 
“I’m not senile! Even though I’m retired, I still know what’s going on. The Gold family brought this 
upon 
themselves because they’re not doing honest business. You don’t need to use Justin as an excuse either. If he marries that woman, I won’t acknowledge him as my grandson! You all can move out! If I die one day, I don’t need you all to be at my funeral!” 
“Dad…” Gregory sighed. 
Shannon sobbed, but her eyes were extremely sinister. 
She thought, ‘I’ve had enough of this old troll! I’ve been suppressed for more than 20 years! I wish 
he’d just die a horrible death!’ 
“Grandpa!” 
Justin strode in and hurriedly reached out to soothe Nigel’s back. But Nigel pushed him away. 
“You don’t need to pretend! You’re just like your father, brainwashed and used by that family of 
shrews!”
“I won’t help the Gold family. I have already made my stance clear.” Justin’s eyes were particularly 
calm. 
Nigel’s eyes suddenly lit up. “Really?!” 
“Yes, Gold Corporation is at fault, so I won’t help them.” 
“What about you and that woman?” 
“It has nothing to do with Rose. Our wedding will proceed as usual.” Justin’s eyes were indifferent. 
“Hmph! Forget it. At least you’re self-aware, much better than your stupid father!” Nigel waved his hand disapprovingly. 
Nigel did not understand what was wrong with his grandson. Why did Justin divorce Anna just to marry that slut? 
“Aunt Shannon.” 
Justin looked at Shannon and said in a deep voice, “I understand that you want to help the Gold family because Mrs. Gold is your biological sister. But you can only help them if it doesn’t harm the interests of Salvador Corporation. Otherwise, don’t you think that you’re being contrary to what you advocated-to ‘serve the Salvador family wholeheartedly’?” 
Shannon was rendered speechless. Her face turned red. 
She thought, ‘This bastard! He’s been unfeeling since he was a kid, and now he’s so ruthless!’ 
“Although Rose is my fiancée, I know my stance. I never mix my personal feelings with work matters. Dad, as the chairman, you should always put the interests of the company first.” Justin looked at
Gregory. 
Justin was unemotional and professional. He did not care that Gregory was his father. 
Gregory’s face darkened. He knew that he was in the wrong, so he said, “I’m not helping the Gold family because of Shannon. I just came back from attending a summit in Inalia. I was supposed to meet a partner for a big foreign project, but he suddenly canceled the meeting. Later, I learned that Asher Thompson, the CEO of KS Group, intercepted him. I don’t know what benefits Asher promised him, but he decided not to cooperate with our company anymore. Everything that happened to us is related to the Thompson family. It’s obvious that they are targeting us. I won’t let them get their way and ride over our heads!” 
“That happened?” Nigel’s eyes darkened. 
The Salvador family in Savrow and the Thompson family in Hatchbay were bitter rivals for hundreds of years. Old Mrs. Thompson even said that she would not allow her descendants to marry anyone from the Salvador family. The Thompson family were also formidable business rivals to the Salvador family. 
It was clear that Asher wanted revenge when he intercepted Salvador Corporation’s hotel project and this project abroad. 
Wait a second! 
Justin was startled. He asked, “Dad, did you just say that you met Asher in Inalia?” 
“Yes.” 
“Today?” 
“Yeah.”
How was that possible? 
Asher went to the hospital to pick up Anna this afternoon. How did he have a clone in Inalia? 
Was the man Justin saw in the afternoon not Asher? 
If he was not Asher, then who was he?
###chapter44
In the end, Gregory swore in front of Nigel that he would not interfere in the Gold family’s affairs to appease the old man. 
Gregory and Shannon left, feeling dejected, while Nigel looked at the mess in the study with anger in 
his eyes. 
“Ugh! Those sly women got you and your father wrapped around their fingers!” 
Justin bent down to pick up the glass shards on the floor. His mind was churning rapidly. 
‘Did someone go to Inalia on behalf of Asher? But Dad recognizes Asher. He won’t be mistaken, 
because they have met many times before. Or does Dad have Alzheimer’s?’ 
At this time, Justin picked up a folding fan. 
“Grandpa, is this yours?” 
“Oh no! I was so mad that I almost broke it. Bring it to me now.’ 
)) 
Nigel’s eyes softened as he continued, “Anna made this fan for me. The painting and calligraphy on 
here are her creations.” 
Justin did not know that Anna knew how to paint or write calligraphy. 
He froze and did not know how to react.
When Anna was married to him, he found her boring and obedient. 
Compared to Rosalind, who could play the piano, dance, and sing, Anna was a dull woman. Apart from being sweet, gentle, and pretty, Anna was just like the servants at home. Justin did not think 
any differently about her. 
However, after she left him, she shone like a diamond that had been newly polished. She was talented and confident. He was startled to learn that she had all those skills. 
Was it because she thought that Justin did not deserve such a good version of her, and only Asher did? 
So, what she felt for Justin was not considered love. She was just being a dutiful wife, trying her best to please him. 
The person she truly loved was Asher, right? 
“Anna used to visit me every weekend. Sometimes she would go for a walk with me or just sit with me in the study for an entire afternoon. That child didn’t feel bored around me. She would just read a book and write calligraphy next to me. She’s very skilled in calligraphy and painting. I can tell from 
the way she holds the brush and pen that she has been practicing for at least ten years. Her handwriting is really beautiful. It flows naturally, and it shows just how confident she is. She’s clearly a cultured person with a good upbringing.” 
Nigel pursed his lips and sighed. “Anna is so much better than that pretentious girl from the Gold family. It’s a pity that you’re so blind and ignorant.” 
Justin pressed his thin lips into a straight line and opened the folding fan. 
He saw two lines of elegant handwriting.
“Have no regrets for your past mistakes. For it is not possible to turn back the clock.” 
Suddenly, Justin’s heart trembled. He felt like he had been struck by lightning. His sharp eyes scanned these two lines of words as he brought the fan closer to his face. 
This handwriting was the same as the calligraphy hanging in Bella Thompson’s office. She even offered to give it to him as a gift. 
Justin suddenly remembered meeting Anna at the KS World Hotel, where Bella was in charge. He thought back to the sound of Anna’s footsteps in the corridor after he left Bella’s office that day. Did 
Anna know Bella? 
Could there be such a coincidence? 
It was not possible that Bella was Anna, right? 
How could that be? 
Anna could not have been as cunning and insidious as Bella, right? 
On the other side, in Yara Park, Hatchbay, Asher came back from his business trip in Inalia. He and 
Axel had dinner with Wyatt. 
During the dinner, Asher reported on the progress of his trip to Inalia. Wyatt nodded with a look of approval on his aloof and dignified face. 
Wyatt thought, ‘My eldest son is truly outstanding in all aspects. But he insists on being with Jesus. No amount of power, fame, wealth or shares can stop him from becoming a pastor. Why is he so insistent on being a pastor?!’
“Asher, it isn’t like you to snatch a project from Salvador Corporation so rashly.” 
Wyatt took a sip of red wine and thought about it. “Aren’t you always advocating peace and love to solve problems? Why are you resorting to stealing now? You’re a bit like me when I was young.” 
“Peace is a fragile thing.” Asher gave a rather indirect answer and raised his glass elegantly to take a 
sip of water. 
Axel smiled. Of course, he knew that Asher was just getting revenge on Salvador Corporation on 
Bella’s behalf. 
“Doing business is all about quick thinking. As long as you don’t break the law, you can do whatever it takes to close the deal. You did a good job this time!” 
Wyatt patted Asher on the shoulder. His eyes were sharp and excited. “What’s more, Gregory and I are sworn enemies. His grandfather bullied my grandmother. Hmph! It’s never too late for a 
gentleman to take revenge!” 
Asher was speechless. 
Axel snickered and thought to himself, ‘Wow. I guess we’re not just inheriting the family fortune. 
We’re also expected to carry on the past grudges against the Salvadors…’
###chapter45
“By the way, how’s Bella holding up in Savrow recently? She’s very determined to go against the Gold Corporation. But if she doesn’t handle it properly, I’m afraid that others will resent her, and she’ll get into trouble. Since Declan and Drew aren’t home, you two have to protect her at all times. Do you hear me?” Wyatt’s tone was stern, and his eyes were filled with concern for Bella. 
“Alright, Dad.” 
“Don’t worry, Dad. The four of us will kill whoever dares to bully my little sister!” 
“You don’t have to kill them. Just make them wish that they’re dead.” Wyatt narrowed his eagle eyes and gracefully took another sip of wine. 
At the end of dinner, Wyatt and Asher left. 
Before they left, Axel saw Asher’s phone vibrating on the table. 
The caller ID showed that it was Justin calling. 
Axel got up, looked around, cleared his throat, and answered the call. 
“Do you need something, Mr. Salvador?” 
“I’m looking for Anna Brown.” Justin’s presumptuous tone made Axel furious. 
“Justin, you must be sick in the head. Why should Anna answer your call?” 
Justin was silent for a moment. Suddenly, he asked in a deep voice, “Are you Asher?”
Axel thought that Justin must have realized something, but he said willfully, “Mr. Salvador, if you’re drunk and bored, you can call your fiancée. I don’t have time to talk to you.” 
“Asher, if you want to vent your anger on Anna’s behalf, you should do it plainly instead of playing underhanded tricks.” Justin’s voice was bone-chilling and menacing. 
“Hah! Justin, don’t think so highly of yourself.” 
Axel was so angry that he gritted his teeth and said, “Who started it first? Don’t you know who used despicable means to slander Anna? If you want to plead for your fiancée’s family, then beg me! Don’t act all high and mighty, pretentious bastard!” 
On the other end of the call, Justin clenched his fists. His cheeks were flushed. 
Justin had always been a great speaker at countless business summits, but at this moment, he was rendered speechless. That was because Axel was a senior prosecutor who had a way with words. 
“But I can be frank with you. Even if you kneel in front of me and beg me now, I won’t let you off the hook. I will make all of you who bullied Anna pay a hefty price!” 
After speaking, Axel decisively ended the call. 
Justin was sitting in the study. He looked at the blacked-out screen and clenched his phone so tightly that his screen almost cracked. The veins on his forehead were throbbing. 
“Mr. Salvador!” Ian walked in hurriedly. When he saw his boss’s gloomy face, he kept his breathing 
light. 
“What!”
“I followed your instructions and found out that Wyatt Thompson’s first wife gave birth to five children. Except for their eldest son, Asher, I couldn’t find out anything about the other four children because all their files were highly encrypted. We couldn’t decrypt it no matter what.” 
Justin suddenly raised his eyebrows. His gloomy face turned menacing. 
Ian’s face turned pale. He gulped and added, “Should I go to the human resources department to settle my salary tomorrow…? Or…” 
* 
Bella had just taken a bubble bath. She put on a mask and a snow-white bathrobe, then walked gracefully down the stairs to look for a drink. 
“Ms. Bella, you’re injured. Just tell me what you need, and I’ll get it for you.” Steven hurriedly came up to her with concern plastered all over his handsome face. 
“I can still walk to the wine cellar to get a bottle of red wine. It’s already past 9:00 p.m. Why are you still wearing a suit and tie?” 
Bella looked at him and blinked her almond-shaped eyes. “From now on, just make yourself at home when you’re here. Don’t be a stranger. You can change into loungewear when you’re at home. Seeing you dressed like this, I just feel like I’m at work 24 hours a day. It stresses me out!” 
Another reason was that she would be reminded of Justin. 
It was embarrassing that she had only seen her husband’s body once over three years of marriage. 
Justin was an ascetic. When he returned to Tideview Manor, he would stay in the study and rarely 
come out.
He would only take off his suit and put on his dark blue pajamas before going to bed. 
He was elegant, noble, and frustratingly reserved. 
However, only Bella knew that under his cold and emotionless facade was a warm and passionate soul. 
“Ms. Bella?” Steven tilted his head and called out to her. 
“Yes?” 
Bella came back to her senses. Her cheeks were flushed, and her clear eyes were teary. 
“Your face is so red…”
###chapter46
“Is it red?” Bella raised her right hand and touched her cheek, which was really warm. 
She quickly turned away shyly. 
“It’s probably the wine…” 
“Weren’t you on the way to the wine cellar? Your face was red even before you drank.” Steven pursued this topic. 
Steven was book-smart and capable, but he was naive. He did not notice Bella was imagining some racy thoughts earlier. 
“Ugh! Shut up!” Bella rolled her eyes cutely and walked away. 
Steven looked aggrieved. He did not know how he had offended Bella, so he immediately followed her like a puppy. 
Bella and Steven went to the wine cellar, which contained nearly a thousand bottles of red wine that Asher had curated for Bella. That was because he knew that Bella liked to drink during her spare time. 
Each bottle of wine on the rack was expensive, and many of them were collector’s items bought from auctions. Wyatt did not even own some of these rare wines, but Bella had dozens of bottles. If she sold these bottles, she could buy Savrow. 
Bella leisurely browsed around the wine racks and set her eyes on a bottle of Romanee Condi. She 
stood on tiptoes to get it, but it was still a little out of reach. 
At this time, Steven walked up behind her. His tall frame towered over Bella as he helped her take
down the wine bottle. 
The two of them were so close that Steven could smell Bella’s sweet scent. His heart was beating wildly, and his fair face was tinted with a faint blush. 
“Here you go, Ms. Bella.” 
“Tsk, it’s nice to have a secretary who is 1.85 meters tall. There’s no need for ladders!” 
However, Bella thought that a man’s ideal height should be 1.89 meters, like Justin. Steven was just 4 
cm shorter. 
She thought, ‘Damn it! I shouldn’t think about that jerk! It’s worse than drinking.’ 
“Ms. Bella, let me open the bottle for you. It’s not convenient for you with one hand…” 
Crack—— 
Without saying a word, Bella slammed her cast against the corner of the table and cracked it,. revealing her fair and smooth forearm. 
“Ugh, this is so cumbersome. I’ve wanted to take it off for a long time.” 
Steven was dumbfounded. 
“When I was on the battlefield, fractures and dislocations were nothing. I once saw someone lose his leg from a bomb blast. The soldier who was just joking with me that morning was brought back in the afternoon with more than a dozen bullet holes in his body and half of his face missing.” 
Bella described the cruelty of war with such calmness.
Steven was startled. He could not imagine how this pampered young lady had survived through the war all those years. 
While Steven let the wine breathe, the Thompson Family Secret Bureau group chat became active again. 
[Drew: Axel, I understand that Asher is busy with work as a CEO. But you’re just a public servant working in the judicial department. How are you so dim-witted?] 
[Drew: Do you know that Justin Salvador sent someone to secretly decrypt our files?] 
[Drew: Thanks to my timely response, I encrypted the file with the strongest encryption. That jerk can’t defeat me!] 
Bella was startled. Her eyes widened immediately. 
[Axel: Damn it! Did he suspect something?!] 
[Axel: Wait. Why are you being so disrespectful to me? I’m your older brother!] 
[Drew: No, you were born just a few minutes earlier than me.] 
[Drew: If I were the one who came out of Mom’s womb first, you’d be calling me big brother!] 
[Axel: Even if I was born one second ahead of you, I’m still older. Show me some respect!] 
[Drew: Nope!] 
[Axel: You stubborn fool! I’ll beat you up!] 
[Drew: You want to fight me? Bring it on! You won’t be able to beat me even if I give you a head start.]
###chapter47
[Bella: That’s enough! You guys are being so childish.] 
As soon as Bella messaged the group, the two brothers immediately behaved themselves. 
[Bella: Justin is investigating us because he’s probably suspicious of Axel’s identity. Axel defended me twice, and Justin probably noticed that Asher wouldn’t act like that.] 
Bella’s bright eyes dimmed as she swayed the red wine in the glass, 
[Bella: In that case, there’s no need to hide it anymore. I’ll give him the answer.] 
In the blink of an eye, the weekend arrived. 
Under the public’s pressure, Gold Corporation decided to hold a press conference in a five-star hotel and invited many reporters. 
Gold Corporation was a local small enterprise that did not have much influence in the industry. However, the Gold family jumped into the public eye overnight and received unprecedented attention because Rosalind announced her marriage to Justin. 
At this moment, a black Maybach was parked on the roadside opposite the hotel’s entrance. 
Justin watched the live broadcast of the press conference through his iPad. 
“Mr. Salvador, I think that the chairman has been trying to hint at you to help the Gold family for the past few days.” 
Ian said worriedly, “If you continue fighting against the chairman, will it affect your relationship with him? I’m afraid that Madam Shannon will take the opportunity to defame you again.”
“I don’t care if she does. I won’t help the Gold family.” 
Justin looked indifferent as he continued, “My father and I don’t have much of a relationship to begin with, so it doesn’t affect anything.” 
Ian breathed a sigh of relief. 
Justin had made his stance clear. He had always been isolated in the Salvador family, and he had no 
one to share his emotions with. 
Soon, the press conference began. 
Under everyone’s gaze, Zeke walked onto the stage in a black suit. He looked haughty with his chin raised. He felt indignant that he had to hold this press conference. 
“As you all know, Gold Corporation has 32 Alia Furniture stores in Savrow and more than 400 stores across the country. We have always had a good reputation in the industry. This kind of negative news happened because someone maliciously spread rumors to smear our brand image.” 
Ian looked at the screen and scoffed. “Mr. Gold is really something. He can still look so confident even though his products have serious quality issues. How thick-skinned!” 
Justin said nothing. His eyebrows furrowed tightly. 
“But KS World Hotel was the first to expose Alia Furniture’s quality issues. Everyone knows their reputation. They haven’t defamed or smeared another company’s image in the past decades that they were in operation, so I think the problem with Alia Furniture isn’t just a smear campaign, right?” A reporter suddenly asked with a derisive tone.
Zeke’s face darkened instantly. “Alia Furniture has been established for more than ten years. I am anxious and heartbroken that something like this has happened for the first time.” 
“So, do you admit that there is a quality issue with your products? If I remember correctly, a serious complaint was lodged at the beginning of last year. I think everyone here probably has an impression 
of the incident.” 
The reporter’s statement jogged everyone’s memories. 
Zeke’s face turned gloomier as he clenched his fists in anger. 
In the underground parking lot, Bella was sitting in a supercar, watching the live broadcast on her phone. She curled her red lips in satisfaction. 
No one would have guessed that Bella had arranged for that reporter to join the press conference with loaded questions. 
“In the two years since Zeke took office as Gold Corporation’s president, he has done whatever he wanted without qualms and squandered his wealth. Their company has had frequent problems, and his family fortune is running dry.” 
Steven let out a contemptuous laugh. “I didn’t expect him to be so bold to blatantly lie at the press conference. He thinks that no one has anything on him, huh?” 
“He thought that he had a trump card. That’s why he dares to speak nonsense.” 
Bella narrowed her eyes, looking shrewd. She took out a piece of chocolate from Steven’s suit pocket, opened the tin foil, broke off a small piece, and put it in her mouth. 
“Just watch. If we force his hand a little, he’ll show his trump card. Then our chance will come.”
###chapter48
After Bella finished eating the chocolate, she playfully put the remaining half of the chocolate bar into Steven’s suit pocket and patted his chest. 
“Hm. You’re pretty fit.” 
Steven’s heart skipped a beat. His cheeks were warm, and his mouth was dry because she teased him. 
Steven was four years older than Bella. Back then, Steven’s father was the head of KS Group’s legal department and had always been highly regarded by Wyatt. So Steven often visited Yara Park when he was a teenager. 
Steven still remembered the first time he met Bella in the back garden of Yara Park. He saw a beautiful little girl decked out in a costume, prancing from afar. 
He thought that he was hallucinating, so he rubbed his eyes. But that little angel “flew” to him. She was wearing a pure white angel costume, and she looked ethereal. 
“Hey, do you have any candy?” Bella got off her skateboard, stepped on the edge of it, and grabbed onto it in one smooth motion. 
“Huh?” 
Steven panicked. He secretly cursed himself for having impure thoughts about a little girl. 
But that girl was stunning. She looked like a goddess. Anyone who looked at her would be fascinated by her.
“Never mind…” 
Bella sighed in disappointment, put down her skateboard, and was about to leave, but Steven grabbed her arm. 
Her arm was so thin that his fingers could encircle it. 
“Wait.” 
Steven pursed his lips, took out a piece of chocolate from his pocket, and handed it to her. “Is this okay?” 
“Yes! Thank you so much!” 
Bella smiled broadly, took the chocolate, opened the wrapper, and took a bite. 
Her charming eyes squinted in joy. 
From then on, every time Steven went to Yara Park, he always brought chocolates or candies with him, just like a mobile snack cart. 
He kept up this habit until today. 
As long as Bella wanted something sweet, she would go to him. 
The press conference was intense. 
Zeke was agitated. He stared at the reporter and said angrily, “I will say it again for the last time. 
There are no quality issues with Gold Corporation’s products! I swear on my life!”
“Since it’s not a quality issue, why did KS Group hotels across the country cancel all of their orders with your company overnight? Mr. Gold, you ought to give the public a reasonable explanation for this matter.” The reporter’s eyes were sharp, and he refused to drop this topic. 
The comments on the live broadcast were incessant. 
[He swears on his life, huh? It seems like he’s telling the truth if he’s so serious about it.] 
[Perhaps his life isn’t worth a penny.] 
[Anyway, I will still return those products regardless of the quality issue. Just look at his pesky and haughty face! Whoever is in their PR department should find a better speaker.] 
“You want an explanation, huh? Fine, I’ll give you an explanation!” 
Zeke’s eyes suddenly became sinister. “I’ve reflected on myself because of this incident, and it is indeed negligence in my management. After all, there are hundreds of Alia Furniture stores across the country, and I can’t possibly check them all. A few of my employees harmed the interests of my company due to their own selfish desires. I have already dealt with the people involved and punished them seriously as soon as I found out. I have also thought of all possible ways to make amends. But as the saying goes, it takes two to tango. If it hadn’t been for someone in KS Group bribing my staff, would things have turned out this way? KS Group now wants to put all the blame on my company. Don’t you all think that it’s overboard?” 
Everyone was shocked to hear this. 
“Zeke can really lie without a conscience. How could he pin the blame on KS Group? How shameless!” Ian looked at Zeke’s shameless face and began to feel sorry for the Thompson family. 
Justin’s eyes were gloomy and sharp as knives.
“Expose the evidence I collected!” Zeke ordered. 
In an instant, a photo and bank statement appeared on the projector. 
“These are the chat records between Michael Gordon, the vice president of Savrow’s KS World Hotel, and the general manager of Alia Furniture. There are also photos of private meetups and evidence of the kickbacks and bribes Michael received. All this has nothing to do with the Gold Corporation. Michael, a senior executive of KS World Hotel, secretly colluded with my employees to purchase cheap products. That was why this ruckus happened. My family is the victim here! KS Group tried to protect themselves by dragging us into the quagmire. How could a big conglomerate like them bully small enterprises like us? We must protect our rights and interests by using the law against them!” 
Zeke became more enthusiastic. His face was flushed, and he was also convinced by his speech. 
He thought, ‘That Thompson bitch never would’ve seen this coming, right? I bet she’s dumbfounded!’ 
Michael was the lamb he had planned to sacrifice early on. Thus, Zeke had left traces and collected evidence from the very beginning of their interaction, waiting to use it at a critical moment to make a thorough comeback. 
Ian clenched his fists. “It’s over. All of a sudden, the public is criticizing KS Group again, saying that they’re monopolizing the market and not allowing small enterprises to survive.” 
Justin frowned. His face became frigid. 
Just as Zeke was getting carried away, the speakers in the banquet hall screeched.
###chapter49
Two men’s voices blared on the speaker in the banquet hall. 
“Mr. Gold, if I wasn’t trying to make money for you, why would I replace a good-quality mattress with something so shoddy? That brat of a new manager found out and even fired me for it. Now I can’t even find a job in Savrow. You must help me!” 
“Don’t say that it’s all for me. Didn’t you also make a lot of money from this? The kickbacks I gave you weren’t a small sum. Even if you don’t work for the rest of your life, you won’t starve to death.” 
One of the voices was Michael’s, and the latter one was clearly Zeke’s. 
The reporters were excited by this shocking news. Zeke gripped the edge of the table, sweating profusely. His legs almost gave out. 
“What is this?! Who played this?! Turn it off now!” 
The speakers were turned off, but some pictures appeared on the projector. It was a slideshow of Michael and Zeke entering and leaving the nightclub. 
“Mr. Gold! This is different from what you promised me! You said you would protect me!” 
— “I am protecting you. Now that this has gotten out, I haven’t admitted anything or pushed you out to take the blame. Michael, nothing will happen to you if you just keep your mouth shut. If you dare talk nonsense, I will make sure that you suffer!” 
There were photos and recordings of their dealings. These were conclusive pieces of evidence.
The flashing lights in the banquet hall were overwhelming. Zeke yelled, red-faced. “This is all fake! It’s all fake! That’s not me in the recording! Someone framed me!” 
At this moment, there was a loud bang. 
The door to the banquet hall was pushed open. Two rows of men in suits with red badges on their chests entered the hall and lined up on both sides. 
The sound of expensive leather shoes against the floor and a pair of masculine long legs instantly 
attracted everyone’s attention. 
Axel’s handsome face was stern as he led two rows of investigators to Zeke. 
“Zeke Gold, President of Gold Corporation, you’re under arrest for bribery and malfeasance. The evidence is conclusive, and KS Group has officially lodged a report. Please come with us to assist in the investigation.” 
“Nonsense! I didn’t do anything! It’s not me!” 
Two investigators stepped forward to subdue Zeke, who was struggling like crazy. They dragged him 
out of the banquet hall. 
All the cameras were focused on Zeke, and the internet went wild. This dramatic scene was on live broadcast, and the tables had turned. 
[What a shocking reversal! This press conference is more exciting than a TV show!] 
[It turns out that KS Group is the victim! Zeke Gold is so shameless as to paint himself as the victim. People were criticizing KS Group for no reason!]
[Zeke’s words really mean nothing. How revolting!] 
[This is so exciting! Who released this evidence? What a timely appearance!] 
Ian clapped his hands happily. “This time, the Gold family won’t be able to get away with it. They can’t cause trouble anymore!” 
“This is a setup.” Justin’s thin lips parted slightly. His face remained indifferent. 
“Huh?!” 
“KS Group was sure that Zeke would put all the blame on Michael, so they asked the reporter to ask those questions to provoke him. That was why Zeke used Michael as a scapegoat. Then they gave him a fatal blow by releasing concrete evidence of Zeke and Michael’s collusion.” 
“You mean… That reporter was hired by KS Group?!” Ian was very shocked to hear this. 
“It’s possible that KS Group arranged for this prosecutor to step in at this time.” 
Justin’s face was cold. His eyes were bottomless and emotionless as he watched Rosalind’s brother get 
arrested. 
Justin did not think that Zeke should have pointed his finger at KS Group. 
However, when Zeke started to put all the blame on KS Group, Justin’s compassion for him 
disappeared completely. 
Zeke was taken away. The investigators retreated and walked out the door.
The camera panned to Axel, who looked righteous and solemn. Another frenzy was set off in the 
comments section of the live broadcast. 
[Wow! This prosecutor is so good-looking! He’s like a Greek god!] 
[I love that such a handsome man chooses to defend justice and the law even though he’s certainly fit 
to become a movie star!] 
Justin’s pupils shrank. He suddenly leaned forward to stare closely at Axel’s face on the screen. 
He thought, ‘It’s him! That’s the guy from the bar and the hospital! That’s the man who confronted me. How is he so close to Anna? He also looks just like Asher Thompson! Who the hell is he?!’, 
Justin took a screenshot and uploaded Axel’s photo into the face recognition app that he developed for a high-precision search. 
Ten minutes later, the results appeared. 
It read, “Prosecutor Axel Thompson of the Savrow Public Prosecutor’s Office.”
###chapter50
Axel’s photo was found on the Supreme Court’s official website three years ago. 
In the picture, Axel was wearing a ceremonial robe as he stood righteously in court, debating passionately. 
With this software that Justin developed, he could search for someone’s information within three to five minutes by uploading a picture. It was much faster and more accurate than regular search engines. 
However, the search for Axel took a full ten minutes. This showed that Axel did not appear in the public eye often and did not upload photos of himself on social media. 
If Axel was just a prosecutor, why was he so mysterious? 
“Asher Thompson… Axel Thompson…” 
Justin thought about it for a moment. Suddenly, he had an epiphany. His eyes widened in shock. Could he be…” 
Great! 
Justin narrowed his eyes. It looked like a storm was brewing on his face. His throat felt so constricted that he found it difficult to breathe. 
‘Anna Brown, how can you be such a player after leaving me? You went to Asher right after signing the divorce papers, and now you have such an illicit relationship with his brother! Who do you think you are?!’ 
At this time, the roar of the sports car came from behind.
Justin was pulled out of his thoughts. He looked out the window. 
The black sports car sped past him like a blur. 
That was Anna’s car! 
‘Why did she suddenly show up here? Something seems fishy!’ 
Justin felt his heart thumping as he punched the car window. 
“Ian! Chase after that car!” 
The reporters gathered at the hotel entrance while the investigators tried their best to get the disgraced Zeke into the car. 
The press conference ended just like that. 
Axel did not follow the investigators. Instead, he went to the back door and waited patiently for his 
sister to pick him up. 
A few minutes later, a Bugatti La Voiture Noire stopped in front of Axel. 
Steven lowered the window and greeted Axel politely. “Hello, Mr. Axel.” 
“Hey, Steve!” 
Axel bent down and looked at Bella, who was sitting languidly in the passenger seat. He smiled endearingly and reached out to pinch his sister’s soft cheek. 
“It looks like Steve is taking really good care of you these days. Your cheeks are getting a bit chubby.” 
“No, they’re not!” Bella pouted angrily.
“Yes, they are. You’re even cuter when you have chubby cheeks. Haha!” 
Axel said that Bella was chubby as soon as he saw her. How tactless! No wonder he was single for 30 years! 
Justin, who was hiding in the shadows, saw this scene and thought that Bella and Axel were flirting with each other. 
His handsome face turned dark. He clenched his fists so hard that his knuckles turned white. 
Ian glanced at the rearview mirror apprehensively and shook in fear. 
He thought to himself, ‘Well, it’s normal for the young madam to be sought after by so many men. She’s such an outstanding and beautiful lady! Only my boss is blind enough to miss out on a treasure like her…’ 
“How was it? Don’t you think I look so cool today?” Axel raised his eyebrows smugly as he fished for compliments from his sister. 
“Yes, yes, you were so cool. You certainly gained a lot of fans this time. All those girls online are looking for information about you. You’ve made the top search!” 
Bella propped her arms on the car window and looked up at Axel with admiration. She looked so lively and girlish. 
Justin stared at his ex-wife for a moment with mixed emotions. 
For some reason, he wanted to stand in Axel’s position at this moment so that she could look at him. 
like that.
He wanted to see her beautiful eyes and playful gaze. He noticed that she had never smiled like that at 
him. 
“Tsk! So what if the whole world worships me? I just want my baby sister to worship me. That’s 
enough for me.” Axel preened. 
“Pft! I’m getting goosebumps. Axel, you can’t play the devoted brother. You’re better off playing the cool brother! Haha!” 
The Thompson siblings joked and circled back to the main topic. 
“Axel, I probably need to trouble you later for the next steps.” 
Bella raised her eyebrows and added, “Don’t let that asshole get away with a light sentence.” 
“Don’t worry, he will be punished for all his crimes. It’ll be at least three years in jail! I won’t give him a chance to reduce his sentence or let him out on bail!” 
Axel looked at her approvingly. “But you’ve done a good job, baby sis. You’re so good at predicting when Zeke will fall into your trap. He’s such a cooperative prey. If only all bad guys could fall into traps so easily, us judicial officers would have saved a lot of trouble.” 
Indeed, Zeke was so stupid that Bella felt bad for him. 
The reason KS Group could successfully sue Zeke was because Michael was finally willing to come forward as a witness and confess what Zeke had done. Zeke had used Michael to make illicit money from the hotel in the past two years.
###chapter51
Just last night, Bella secretly met up with Michael, who was getting drunk in a pub. She told him that Zeke would push him under the bus to save himself at the press conference the next day. 
–“Impossible! You… Don’t even think of using me like this! I won’t come forward as a witness. I’m 
not that stupid!” 
“You’re stupid if you still insist on being so stubborn.” 
So, Bella and Michael negotiated a deal last night. 
“I’ll be frank with you. I have evidence of you colluding with Zeke. I haven’t submitted it to the prosecutors yet because I wanted to give you one last chance for the sake of my father, since he was the one who promoted you to your position.” 
Michael recalled his career over the past 20 years. He started off as a banquet hall supervisor and got promoted to vice president over the years. Aside from his own efforts, Wyatt’s support played a big 
role in his career advancement. 
Later, when Michael was in a position of power, he lost his integrity and ended up in this mess. He was regretful and guilty. 
“If Zeke doesn’t push you out at tomorrow’s press conference, I will personally hand over this evidence to the prosecutor and proceed as planned. If he pushes you under the bus, as I predict he will, then you will report all his crimes to the prosecutor in person. If you realize your mistakes and correct them, I will hire a first-class lawyer to defend you and minimize your sentence. You can
choose for yourself.” 
Bella successfully coerced Michael to hand over the evidence and be a witness to this case. This was a painful blow to the Gold family, and they would not recover from it. 
She remembered what Wyatt often said, which was to always leave room for maneuver. 
Even if she had the upper hand, she should not push others into a corner. Otherwise, it might backfire. 
Axel returned to the Public Prosecutor’s Office and continued with the case, while Bella had to go back 
to work. Thus, they parted ways. 
On the way to the hotel, Steven keenly spotted a Maybach following them through the rearview 
mirror. 
“Ms. Bella, we are being followed! Do you want to call the police?” 
Bella looked at the rearview mirror nonchalantly. When she realized that it was Justin’s car, her heart trembled slightly. 
It looked like Justin was also at the press conference just now, but he was just hiding in the dark. 
He probably cared a lot about his fiancée and her family. 
Hah! 
Bella smirked. “Let’s not go back to the hotel. Let’s go for a ride by the Moon River.” 
“But the people following us…” Steven was still worried. 
“Don’t be afraid. I’ll protect you.” Bella smiled reassuringly and coolly.
Steven stared at her with widened eyes and thought, ‘Shouldn’t it be the other way around?’ 
The black sports car drove around the Moon River while Ian followed closely, paying close attention. He was not even so nervous during the college entrance exams or when he applied for Salvador Corporation. 
Justin stared at Anna’s car intently, curious as to who was the man driving her around. 
His driving skills were clearly not as good as hers. Otherwise, Ian would not have been able to keep up 
with him. 
Justin vaguely saw Anna’s dark hair fluttering messily in the wind. 
His frigid eyes warmed, and his gaze became softer. 
The more he stared at her, his gaze became more lustful. 
He thought, ‘How could she be so reckless, indulgent, and happy?’ 
Justin stared at her so intently that his eyes felt like they were burning. 
Finally, the Bugatti stopped at the bank of the Moon River. 
Bella got out of the car by herself, stood by the railing, and closed her eyes to enjoy the evening breeze. 
A tall man stepped out of another car shortly after. He fastened the middle button of his suit elegantly, accentuating his well-built body. He looked most dazzling in the sunlight.
Justin looked at Anna, who was wearing a classy red dress. Her outfit complemented her gleaming almond eyes and fiery red lips. This scene was so beautiful that it was deserving of being made into a portrait and hung in the Palace of Versailles. 
Justin pursed his thin lips and moved closer to her. 
However, when he was only one step away from her, she suddenly took a step back to maintain an appropriate distance from him. 
“Mr. Salvador, you’ve been following me the entire way since I left the press conference. Is it because you want to break my arm again?” Bella looked gorgeous when she smiled like that, showing off her pearly whites. 
“Anna.” Justin said her name with a cold face as anger welled up in his chest. 
He casually glanced at her left arm to assess her injury. 
She seemed fine. 
“Mr. Salvador, did you take the divorce papers and your documents with you today? I don’t want you to make this trip in vain, so let’s just finalize the divorce right now. Even though it’s getting late, I can ask Mr. Thompson to get the officers in City Hall to make an exception for us.” Bella’s smile became more playful. 
She mocked him by emphasizing the word “divorce”. 
“Anna, you must be very proud.” Justin’s eyes darkened as he took a step closer to her. 
“What?” She frowned lightly.
“You used the two Thompson brothers’ power to suppress the Gold family, who will never recover from this incident. Anna, I really underestimated you!”
###chapter52
Bella’s eyelashes trembled, and her chest felt stuffy. 
She looked straight into Justin’s eyes with a fiery gaze. Her clear and beautiful eyes held such fury 
that Justin wanted to avert his gaze. He was shocked to see such a powerful and intense stare-down coming from her. 
After a while, Bella laughed. She looked at him like they were strangers. 
“Oh, so you’re here to vent your anger on behalf of your beloved fiancee, huh? I bet you’ve been holding it in for quite some time now. Are you going to explode if you don’t confront me today?” 
Bella thought to herself, ‘Justin, you’re really something. After three years of marriage, I didn’t ask you for anything. Even if you don’t appreciate all the good things I did, you shouldn’t repeatedly use such insulting language to belittle me! What’s more, I no longer belong to you. Actually, you’ve never let me belong to you. I’m like a stray cat that has been standing outside your door, waiting for you to take me home. I looked forward to that day with all my heart, but in the end, you abandoned me and resented me. Why should I let you trample all over me?!’ 
“It’s a pity that even someone as influential as you won’t be able to help the Gold family get through this disaster, right? Zeke Gold harmed the interests of KS Group, bribed my employees, falsified evidence, and framed others. The evidence is conclusive, so you can’t save him even if you want to.” 
Bella’s eyes suddenly became sharp. The smile on her red lips was so charming that Justin was momentarily dazed. “You’re angry that you can’t change the situation, so you can only find fault with me by mocking me with my private life. You just want to humiliate me to vent your anger. But I don’t want to play by your rules. I’ll fight for what I want, and I won’t ever look back. I don’t care what other people
think of me. That includes you, Justin. If I want the Gold family to go bankrupt and want the Gold siblings to pay for what they have done, I’ll do whatever I want. No one can stop me!” 
Justin’s muscles tightened under his suit. His strong arms were tense, and the veins on the back of his hands were bulging. 
He thought, ‘Just look at her! Now that she has a backer, she’s so confident and sharp-tongued!’ 
Justin knew what she said was wrong, but he could not tell her how he felt. 
He was not angry because she used the Thompson brothers to punish the Gold family. 
He was mad that she smiled so sweetly at Axel. 
“You’re shameless!” 
Justin’s breathing became heavier as he spat out those words. 
“Am I shameless? I’m just glad you didn’t describe me as an abandoned woman.” 
Bella tried her best to smile frivolously to spite him. “But even if I am shameless, what does it have to do with you? Who do you think you are? I can do whatever I want. You have no right to tell me what to 
do.” 
She did not want to continue the conversation, so she turned around and left in a huff. 
Unexpectedly, Justin grabbed her arm, which happened to be her left arm that had only recovered a few days ago. He used a frightening amount of force as well. 
“Ouch! Let me go!” Bella was in pain, but she did not dare to struggle for fear of another dislocation.
“Anna, you know exactly who I am.” Justin’s throat was hoarse, and his eyes were intense. 
It was like they were at a betting table. His desire to win forced him to rack his brains to reveal her 
cards. 
Bella laughed in exasperation. “I do know who you are. You’re just my good-for-nothing ex- husband!” 
“Anna!” Justin’s eyes instantly turned red. 
“Justin Salvador! Let her go!” 
Suddenly, a tall man stood in front of Bella to shield her as he shoved Justin away fiercely. 
“Steve, I’m fine. Mr. Salvador just wanted to chat with me.” Bella comforted Steven without any fear. 
“If it was just a chat, why would he touch you? He even yanked your injured arm! You were just complaining about how uncomfortable it was before going to bed last night. It’s all his fault!” Steven glared at Justin warily. 
Justin’s heart trembled. He curled the fingers that touched her. 
Bella looked at Steven, who was still fuming, and felt that he should not have said so much in front of 
Justin, lest Justin think that she was just acting pitiful. 
“Are you Asher’s secretary?” Justin recognized Steven at a glance. His face was dark.
###chapter53
Steven replied, “Yes, but now I’m Miss…” 
Bella tugged on Steven’s arm and shot a look at him, telling him to shut up. 
Steven was quick-witted and immediately stopped talking. 
Justin scoffed. “Hah! Asher even assigned his most trusted secretary to you. He’s really treating you 
well.” 
Justin put aside his complicated emotions so that his face turned stone cold again. He sneered. ” Congratulations. I guess you’re about to marry into a wealthy family again. You deceived me, and now you’re deceiving Asher Thompson. I hope that you never let him see through your true colors.” 
Every word was like a knife that pierced and twisted Bella’s heart. 
Steven instantly noticed Bella’s unsteady breathing because he was holding her in his arms. Her thin shoulders were also trembling slightly. 
What puzzled Steven even more were Justin’s words. ‘What the hell is he talking about? Is he crazy?!’ 
“Steve, let me introduce you to this man.” 
Bella took a deep breath and put away her heartache. She smiled and said, “This is Mr. Salvador, president of Salvador Corporation, and my ex-husband, who I was married to for three years.” 
“What…?!” Steven’s face turned pale. He felt like he was struck by lightning. 
Bella disappeared for three years and had gotten married to Justin Salvador.
She hid from the world and the Thompson family just so she could be Justin’s wife?! 
Why the hell would she do that?! 
“But now, we’re divorced, and I left without taking a penny. He has nothing to do with me, so we’re 
strangers.” 
“We’re not officially divorced yet! Grandpa’s birthday…” 
“That’s enough! Stop using Grandpa as an excuse!” 
Bella was furious. Her eyes were red as she said, “You’re just using Grandpa to maintain this ridiculous marriage so that you can humiliate me like this, right? That’s because you know that I care about Grandpa.” 
Justin’s body shook. He winced in pain, as if this woman had bitten him. 
Anna had never been so angry before. In his memory, she was an even-tempered person. She was like 
a sandbag that he could punch because she would never complain, no matter what. 
But this time, her eyes were full of anger and hatred. 
It was a hundred times worse than the last time she glared at him in the hospital. 
Bella yelled, “There’s nothing left between us. You ended our relationship by cheating on me while we were still married. But have I ever blamed you for anything? What gives you the right to isolate and neglect me when we were married while still expecting me to be a chaste and dutiful wife? Do you expect me to never marry again? How can you be so selfish?” 
Selfish?
Justin felt a stabbing pain in his chest. 
He did not even realize how abnormal his behavior was gradually becoming. He also did not know why he was still so obsessed with his ex-wife. 
“What’s more, I have never broken a promise. I will keep our divorce a secret until Grandpa’s birthday. You were the one who failed to handle this and allowed Rosalind to expose everything.” 
Bella smiled bitterly. The last glint of light in her eyes was extinguished. “Come to think of it, I know why you’re blaming me for everything. That’s because you don’t want to blame Rosalind, right?” 
Justin felt that his whole body had turned to stone. 
He watched helplessly as Steven held his ex-wife. His cheeks were hot, as if he had been slapped 
countless times. 
“I will never look back.” 
Justin clenched his fists. 
He had clearly given her up first, but why did he feel like the one being abandoned? 
His throat was filled with bitterness, and his heart felt like it had been shot.
###chapter54
Bella was not in the mood to go to the hotel, so she changed her route and drove home. 
Steven was silent for a long time. Finally, he could not help but ask, “Ms. Bella, does Justin not know that you’re the heiress of KS Group?” 
“Yeah,” Bella responded in a low voice. She looked tired. 
Steven finally understood. No wonder Bella had to find a substitute for herself the last time Justin came unannounced to the office. 
“Steve, I didn’t mean to hide it from you…” 
“I understand.” 
Bella raised her eyes in shock. 
“No one wants to relive bad memories, so it’s natural that you’ll want to keep them locked up in the deepest depths of your heart. I’m just worried about you and how your father will react when he finds out about this. He’ll be distressed and heartbroken for you.” Steven’s hand that was holding the steering wheel was clenched so tightly that his veins were bulging. His eyes were also watery. 
Everyone in the Thompson family loved Bella. Yet Justin ruined her. 
If Wyatt found out, he would probably chop Justin to pieces. 
“I’ll hide it as long as I can. Now that I have experienced a failed marriage, I just want to be single forever!”
Bella closed her eyes. Her mind kept replaying those hurtful words that Justin said. She smiled wryly and said, “Marriage is really boring.” 
“If you don’t get married, I won’t either.” Steven pledged his allegiance. 
“No, don’t do that! You should get married. You’re my secretary, not a priest! If word of this spreads, people will think that I will only hire celibates. You’ll ruin my reputation!” Bella quickly waved in a panic. 
Steven laughed awkwardly, feeling bitter in his heart. 
He knew that he was not good enough for her, but he was willing to stay by her side and support her silently. 
“Ms. Bella, why did you want to marry Justin?” 
Bella squinted her eyes. She looked dejected as a flurry of emotions surged in her heart. 
“I’m sorry. I shouldn’t pry…’ 
“When I was 11 years old, I went hiking with my class as a school activity. That was when I lost the sapphire pendant that my mother left me. I didn’t care about the teacher’s obstruction and went up 
the mountains alone to look for the pendant in the dark. I went through all the paths I took, but I still couldn’t find it. In the end, I got lost. There was a hurricane that night, and I was trapped in the mountains with no signal on my phone. I was quite certain I would die there. At that time, Justin happened to be working as a ranger in the National Forest Park during his summer vacation. He led his team to search for me in the mountains despite the extreme weather. Finally, he found me behind a rock, almost frozen…” 
With a soothing voice, Bella narrated her past that occupied her entire youth.
“I opened my eyes and saw Justin in mountaineering gear. He looked so handsome even when drenched. His eyes were shining brighter than the stars, and they were so captivating…” 
“Wow! You’re doing great, little girl! Don’t be afraid. I’ll carry you down the mountain!” 
That was the first time Bella met Justin, and it was love at first sight. 
“Justin carried me down the mountain. He was afraid that I would fall asleep on the way back, so he kept telling me jokes that weren’t funny. He’s really bad at telling jokes.” Bella recalled the past, looking calm with a slight smile. 
–“What’s your name, little girl?” 
–“Well, if you don’t tell me, I’ll just call you little girl since you’re so small anyway…’ 
“I’m not small! I’m growing faster than the other girls!” 
-“Well, you shouldn’t go around telling other boys about this.” 
–“Why not?” 
–“Because some bad boys will take advantage of you, silly.” 
Bella’s breathing became unsteady, and her heart was pounding. 
Justin was 17 years old at that time. He was not as tall or strong as he was now, but she already felt an irreplaceable sense of security with him. 
Later, they almost fell off a cliff, but Justin held onto her tightly and saved her life.
Then Justin disappeared from her life for three years. The next time she saw him was on TV. He was attending a charity event with the Salvador family. 
From then on, Bella started chasing him wherever he went. 
When she heard that Justin was on the battlefield, she decided to join Doctors Without Borders just so she could silently accompany him. 
She used to love him despite all odds, but now, she was so disheartened that she could no longer love him again. 
Bella smiled bitterly. It turned out that thirteen years of infatuated love would one day end so tragically. 
Steven listened quietly and felt shocked and regretful. 
“But Steve, I really can’t bring myself to hate him.” 
Bella stretched out her hand and felt the wind passing between her fingers, just like the love that she 
could never grasp. 
“I willingly loved Justin, so I don’t regret the things I have done. I’ve paid my debt to him.” 
Justin was in a trance until he returned to Tideview Manor. His mind was buzzing, as if a thousand 
flies were in his head. 
He felt suffocated like a huge boulder was pressing down on his chest.
###chapter55
Justin kept thinking about the way Amma looked at him at the end. She looked so disappointed and resentful, as if they were enemies. 
Why did his heart feel empty? 
It felt as if he had lost something important to him. 
As soon as Justin walked into the study, Wilma followed him. She looked a little unhappy. 
“Young Master, Ms. Gold’s car is downstairs. You should go down and greet her.” 
“I’m not going.” 
Wilma was shocked to see Justin ignore Rosalind. 
She was so happy that she could shed tears of joy. 
“I know why she’s here.” 
Justin slumped on the sofa. His eyes were a little distant. “Go down and tell her that if she’s here for Zeke, don’t bother. The Gold family must be in chaos now, so she should go back and spend more time with her parents. After two days when the media scrutiny dies down, I will go and visit her.” 
“What if she refuses to leave?” 
“Then just let her be.” Justin sighed heavily and rubbed his sore temples. 
All that came to mind was the way Anna called him a “good-for-nothing ex-husband”. 
‘Ugh! How am I a good-for-nothing? She doesn’t even know what I’m capable of!’
Wilma responded with a smile and secretly gave Justin a thumbs-up as she hurriedly left the study. 
Justin frowned. It seemed that Wilma really hated Rosalind from the bottom of her heart. Wilma looked like Christmas came early when she got the green light to kick Rosalind out. 
Wilma went outside the villa and stood on the steps, glaring at the anxious Rosalind. 
“The young master said that he won’t interfere with your family affairs. You should give up and go 
home.” 
“Let me go in and see Justin!” 
After saying that, Rosalind wanted to rush through the door. 
However, Rosalind was weak compared to the strong Wilma. Wilma only had to stand upright. She did not even stretch out her hands. But Rosalind had already lost her balance and fell to the ground. 
“Ah! You… How dare you push me! I’m Justin’s fiancée, your future lady boss! How could you be so 
rude to me?!” 
Rosalind slumped on the ground in anger and pointed at Wilma. “I’m going to tell Justin that you bullied me! I’ll get him to fire you!” 
“Hah! Future lady boss? I’m afraid that you’ll have to wait a while longer before you try to boss me around. Even if you marry the young master, I will never recognize you as my boss. In my heart, the only lady boss I will ever have is Ms. Brown. Even if the young master and Ms. Brown are separated now, she will always be the only lady boss that I respect. Other women like you can step aside!” 
“You!” Rosalind was livid.
“Ms. Gold, feel free to complain about me to the young master. I’ll just thank you if you really have the means to make the young master fire me. It’s about time I retire. This way, I won’t have to come up with an excuse!” 
Wilma really wanted Justin to come downstairs and see Rosalind’s fierce face at this moment. Rosalind did not look like her usual soft, frail, and harmless self. 
“Justin! You can’t just let this be! You must help my brother!” Rosalind stopped talking to Wilma. She simply knelt on the ground and cried. 
This scene looked like it was taken out of a TV show, where a disgraced mistress was begging for mercy from the King. 
Seeing that Justin did not respond for a long time, Rosalind started to call out to different people. 
“Aunt Shannon! Please help me! Aunt Shannon! Uncle Greg!” 
“Stop shouting! The chairman went out with Madam Shannon and her daughters to have dinner with the Old Master. They won’t be back for a while.” 
“Then I’ll wait here until Justin sees me!” 
Wilma raised her head to look at the sky, which was covered in dark clouds. “It’s going to rain. I have to collect the laundry. Shout all you like!” 
After that, Wilma left Rosalind behind and went into the villa, telling the servants not to open the door for Rosalind, no matter what. 
Rosalind shouted for a long time until she lost her voice, but Justin still did not show up.
She was pale and flustered. She could feel the changes in Justin recently, and it was becoming more difficult to control him. 
Usually, Justin would come running to her when he heard that she was around, no matter how busy he was. He would put aside his work and come to see her. When he saw her crying, he would try his best to coax her with lavish gifts. He was always generous with her. 
But now, Justin would not even meet her. 
Not long after, it began to rain heavily. 
Rosalind decided to play the pity card. Instead of sitting in the car, she knelt outside until she was drenched. She was shivering, and she looked like she would collapse at any moment. 
“Justin… Let me see you…” 
“Hmph! Such a cheap trick. Only a fool will fall for it!” Wilma sneered as she stood in front of the window watching the show. 
Suddenly, she heard strong footsteps coming from behind. 
Wilma turned around and saw Justin walking toward the entrance with a tight frown.
###chapter56
Wilma was shocked to see Justin. She thought, ‘Oh, no! Does the young master not notice this little bitch’s cheap tricks? If so, he’s really stupid…’ 
At this time, Justin picked up a black umbrella and opened the front door. His face was as gloomy as the sky outside. 
“Young Master!” Wilma called out anxiously. 
However, the man still went out with the umbrella. Wilma was so vexed that she stomped her foot. 
Outside the door, Rosalind sat in the rain. She could barely put up with this act and wanted to retreat. 
However, when she saw that handsome man walking toward her, she felt excited. She quickly started sobbing pitifully. 
Justin narrowed his eyes and quickly walked up to Rosalind, holding up an umbrella for her while lifting her up from the ground. He was strong and determined, so she could not resist. 
“Justin…” Rosalind let out a soft cry and threw herself into his arms. 
Rosalind looked like she was on the verge of collapsing earlier, but now that she saw Justin, she was rejuvenated. Her arms wrapped tightly around his strong waist, like a snake encircling its prey. Her wet face was rubbing against his chest. 
Justin was frustrated. He said in a deep voice, “You are already weak as it is. You’ll get sick if you stay in the rain like this.” 
“If I don’t do this, will you come to see me? I just want to see you. Why don’t you want to see me?”
Rosalind raised her pale and wretched face. Her eyes were flustered. “Justin… Do you not love me anymore? You’ve been cold toward me recently… Is it because of that suit? I know I made a mistake. I can apologize to Anna and beg her for forgiveness.” 
“No, I’m not angry anymore.” 
Justin looked indifferent and said, “You should be happy now that you’ve seen me. Rose, go home and spend time with your family. After this storm subsides, I’ll go and visit you.” 
“Justin! Please… Please save my brother!” 
Seeing that Justin wanted to drive her away, Rosalind was so anxious that her face turned red. She no longer cared to play her game and hugged Justin. Her hands were gradually slipping down his strong body. 
“My brother is about to be sentenced to prison! No lawyer in Savrow dares to defend my brother, no matter how much money we offer, because of the Thompsons! The Thompson family are such bullies. They want to drive my family into bankruptcy. Justin… You must help us… My family is almost bankrupt, and my brother is about to be a prisoner! I beg you…” 
Justin’s expression was cold. He did not waver at all, as if he were unaffected by all her mortal woes. 
He was ruthless, but he was strangely persistent about loving Rosalind. He stuck to a promise he made as a teenager until he was 30 years old. He did not even hesitate to hurt another woman who loved him deeply, nor did he care if he went against his grandfather. He would still marry Rosalind. 
However, he was impartial when it came to business. He had no tolerance for the crimes committed by the Gold family, and he made his attitude clear.
At this moment, Justin recalled the harsh words he had used when he was trying to negotiate with Bella on behalf of the Golds. He even used the Golds’ situation to mock Anna. Regret arose in his heart, and his tone became even harsher. 
“The Thompson family is innocent in this matter. Your brother brought this upon himself. I suggest that he confess to his crimes so that he can seek a reduced sentence. That’s the right thing to do. Gold Corporation should be overhauled because of poor management. Even if I allocate another billion. dollars to your company, it won’t make a difference if you don’t rectify the internal issues. 
Rosalind’s lips trembled. She was dumbfounded. 
She originally thought that Justin would become soft-hearted and give in to her if she cried miserably 
in front of him. 
But this time, she was wrong. Justin had been tolerant of her before because she had not touched his 
bottom line. 
Since she crossed a line, he would not show her any mercy, even if he loved her. 
In the end, Justin forced the crying Rosalind into the car, ordered the driver to lock the door, and 
watched her leave Tideview Manor. His frown relaxed after a while. 
Justin stood in the rain for a long time, holding the black umbrella. When he thought of the disappointed look in Anna’s eyes when she looked at him, his heart ached. 
The pain was dense and unavoidable. 
After Zeke was arrested, the Golds became listless.
When Rosalind’s parents saw their daughter’s pale and dejected face and mud-covered body, their first words were not voicing their concerns about how she ended up like this. Instead, they anxiously asked if Justin would help Zeke, even if it meant getting Zeke a lawyer. 
As a result, Rosalind just shook her head with a gloomy look on her face.
###chapter57
“Useless wench!” Rosalind’s father, Patrick, coughed several times in pain and scolded Rosalind. Have you done anything to help the family even though you’ve cozied up to Justin all these years?! You didn’t get a single asset from him or marry him after dating him for so long. It seems to me that Justin doesn’t love you at all. Giving birth to a daughter like you is just a waste of money! You useless bitch!” 
Rosalind’s eyes were red. Her father had always preferred sons over daughters. When Patrick heard that his wife, Jean, was pregnant with a girl, he forced her to abort the pregnancy. However, the doctor said that Jean would no longer have another chance of conceiving if they were to terminate this pregnancy. Jean also insisted on giving birth to Rosalind. 
As a result, after giving birth to Rosalind, Jean was still unable to conceive again. That was why Patrick hated Rosalind even more. 
Rosalind has lived in the shadow of her brother since she was a child. To get attention, she clung to her aunt, Shannon. Rosalind lost her childlike innocence at a young age and learned how to be scheming so that she could make a future for herself. She wanted to impress her father and become the most respected woman in Savrow. 
Justin was her first test subject when she was just 8 years old. 
Rosalind initially looked down on Justin’s identity as an illegitimate son. Instead, she was more interested in his eldest brother. 
Shannon had told Rosalind to practice with Justin first. Even if Rosalind did not like Justin, it was still nice to have a wealthy boy as her follower.
Thus, Shannon provided her with the opportunity to become Justin’s savior and the light of redemption in his time of darkness. That was why Justin was so obsessed with Rosalind. 
During this time, Rosalind brought a lot of benefits to the Gold family. But in the end, her father only regarded her as a tool to gain power. Patrick said that she was worthless if she made the slightest 
mistake. 
Rosalind’s eyes were filled with hatred. She sneered and thought, ‘I don’t want to help Zeke. He should just rot in prison for the rest of his life. That way, Gold Corporation will be mine, even if it’s just an empty shell!’ 
“That’s enough, Patrick! Don’t say such hurtful things! What can Rose do if Justin refuses to help?!” 
Rosalind’s mother, Jean, hurriedly came over to hug her daughter and glared at her husband. “This is all your fault! If you hadn’t spoiled Zeke to the point where he thinks that he’s above the law, we wouldn’t have ended up like this! You men only know how to take it out on us when things go wrong!” 
Patrick was fuming. He reminded himself that his wife’s sister was Gregory Salvador’s wife, so he controlled his anger. 
“Our top priority now is to restore our company’s image as quickly as possible. Secondly, we need to finalize Rose and Justin’s wedding date.” 
Jean’s eyes turned vicious when she thought of Justin’s refusal to save her son. “If it doesn’t work out, just find a way to get pregnant. When the time comes, the Salvadors won’t be able to get rid of Rose.” 
“Mom! Did you forget…” Rosalind pointed to her belly in panic. 
Jean remembered the stretch marks on Rose’s belly that had not been removed yet and sighed in frustration.
“Rose, if it can’t be removed, just cover them with tattoos. That’s the fastest solution.” 
Rosalind was very reluctant to have random tattoos on her belly because she had always been playing the “good girl” persona. 
After several courses of laser treatment, her stretch marks were still obvious. If the marks would not fade by her wedding date, this was her last resort. 
At this time, the servants came downstairs with Rosalind’s things. 
“Madam, we’ve sorted out everything.” 
“Mom, these are my jewelry boxes! Where are you taking them?!” 
“I’m selling these.” 
“What?! Why? These are my collectibles!” 
Rosalind ran over in a panic and grabbed the most valuable box. 
Justin gave this ruby pendant named “The Flaming Heart” as a token of love. Justin personally flew to Feranco three times two years ago and stayed there for more than half a month to hire a first-class jewelry designer to design this necklace for Rosalind. 
Although Rosalind did not know how much the pendant cost, such a large ruby was extremely rare. It would cost at least seven figures. Justin had always been generous to her. 
“The company needs money now. If you and I sell some of our valuable jewelry, we can still keep the company running. There will be a charity auction in half a month, so we must attend the auction to win a favorable image for our family! What’s more, it’s Old Master Salvador’s birthday soon. We can buy something at the auction as his birthday gift. That’ll kill two birds with one stone!”
Jean looked at her daughter with a lamenting expression, but she still comforted Rosalind. “Rose, when you marry Justin, that boy will buy you all the jewelry you want. Don’t worry about it. Don’t forgo the big picture because of a small profit. You will be the future lady boss of Salvador Corporation. We can’t count on your brother anymore, so you’re our only hope!” 
Rosalind hesitated for a long time. Finally, she gritted her teeth and handed the jewelry box to her mother.
###chapter58
Gold Corporation was in a huge product and trust crisis. 
Netizens were clamoring to boycott Gold Corporation. Of the 500 stores across the country that Zeke was so proud of, 400 closed down in less than a week. The remaining 100 stores or so were hanging by a thread. They went on a fire sale just to clear their stock, even if they were selling below their cost price. 
Seeing the huge losses day by day, Patrick, who was already in poor health, collapsed. 
Jean went to her sister’s house to ask for help, but Shannon dared not intervene. She could only sit back and watch. 
“Nigel has given us an ultimatum. If anyone helps the Gold family, he will disown us. Jean, I really can’t help you this time.” 
Shannon sighed, took her sister’s hand, and comforted her. “Although I can’t help your company, I have asked Greg to settle on a wedding date for Rose and Justin as soon as possible. It’s scheduled to be the first weekend after Nigel’s birthday. What do you think?” 
“Do we still have to wait until his 80th birthday?” Jean asked impatiently. 
Jean could wait, but the company could not. 
“Sigh. I wish Rose would marry Justin tomorrow, but Nigel insists on waiting until after his birthday, so there’s nothing I can do about it.” 
Shannon lowered her voice and added, “I heard that Anna Brown had an affair with the president of KS Group after she left Justin. On the day she left, Mr. Thompson picked her up. Many servants saw it.”
Jean also heard something like this from her son last time. She felt extremely jealous. 
She hated that her daughter was not so skilled in fishing for a good husband. Rosalind could not even get Justin to marry her, but Justin’s ex-wife scored a second time with the Thompsons, which was equal to the Salvadors. 
“I was just wondering if Anna was the one who persuaded Mr. Thompson to target your family.” Shannon looked confused and continued to fan the flames. 
Jean was immediately enlightened by this suggestion. She sat up on the sofa, and her eyes turned red with anger. 
“That damn bitch! She delayed Rose’s marriage and interfered even after she was divorced from 
Justin. Does she think that no one can touch her now that she has found a new backer?” 
“Sigh… She’s really invincible now.” 
Shannon clicked her tongue and continued, “After all, Anna is now Mr. Thompson’s favorite. No one 
will dare offend her because of the Thompson family’s status.” 
“Right. But just look at the disparity between them! The Thompson family is one of the top families in the country. How could she dream of marrying Mr. Thompson?!” 
Jean was furious. A cold gleam flashed in her eyes. “Hah! Anna was very good at pretending to be Justin’s devoted wife, right? I bet she’s been hooking up with Mr. Thompson for a long time. Otherwise, how could she get together with Mr. Thompson so quickly? Shannon, don’t you think it’ll be exciting to expose her true colors on Nigel’s birthday?” 
Shannon smiled and said nothing. She picked up the expensive teacup and sipped on the black tea.
That was indeed a good idea. 
On the other side, in the general manager’s office of the KS World Hotel, Bella was playing a gory video game. 
Bella was very talented and efficient. She had finished approving all the documents and was taking a break by playing her favorite game. She always enjoyed a killer game. 
As soon as she slashed a monster, blood spilled all over the computer screen. Steven came in just in time to see this scene. He was so frightened that he turned away and closed his eyes tightly. 
“Spit it out. If not, then leave.” Bella clicked her mouse and keyboard rapidly. Her dexterity was 
incredible. 
“Ms. Bella, I have two interesting things to report to you.” 
As he spoke, Steven used his hand to block his eyes from seeing the computer screen, quickly put a document in front of Bella, then retreated far away. 
“OMG! You’re such a wuss! How will you be able to protect your girlfriend in the future? Next time, I’ll take you to a haunted house to build up your courage!” 
After saying that, Bella, who was the butcher, chopped down another person. Once again, the whole screen was covered in blood. 
“Yes!” She cheered. 
Steven’s eyes widened in shock. 
Bella only quit the game after she killed all the monsters. Then she picked up the file.
“Why are you showing me pawned items from the Thompson Pawn Shop?” 
“Rosalind’s mother sold jewelry to our pawn shop. Sold, not pawned.”
###chapter59
Steven smiled with a hint of amusement. “Ms. Bella, you asked me to keep an eye on the Gold family’s activities, and I made an interesting discovery.” 
Bella smiled slyly. “I expected it. Without Salvador Corporation’s help, the Gold family would have had to find ways to raise money to fill the hole. But I thought they would sell their house or land. I didn’t expect them to just sell some jewelry. Tsk, tsk. I guess they’re wealthier than they look.” 
“They’re just burning the last bit of money to stay alive. It’s not as satisfying to see them slowly wither out than to collapse all at once. 
]] 
Steven snorted coldly. “That’s their retribution for defaming us!” 
Bella did not say anything else. She just looked through the files of the pawned items leisurely. 
Not many people know that the Thompson family had a large-scale pawn shop in Savrow and Hatchbay. 
Wyatt liked to collect antiques-calligraphy, paintings, and rare treasures. Thus, he secretly set up two pawn shops so that he would be able to receive some unexpected treasures. 
He had found many treasures in the past few years in the pawn shop. After all, not many people redeemed their pawned items within the stipulated time. 
Suddenly, Bella widened her eyes. Her fingertips trembled slightly.
When she saw “The Flaming Heart”, she suppressed the surge of blood rushing to her chest. Her eyes were filled with mockery and anger. 
This necklace was a token of love that Justin gave Rosalind. He went through hoops to get this for Rosalind two years ago. When she first saw this pendant under the light two years ago, Bella fell deeply in love with it. 
At that time, she dreamed that the necklace was for her. She hoped that Justin would give her a gift. She would still be ecstatic if he gave her something inexpensive, even a pebble. 
However, that was merely her dream. 
Justin only gave gifts to the people he loved. Since he did not love her, she did not deserve a gift from him. 
In the end, Rosalind sold off Justin’s thoughtful gift that represented his love for her. Bella felt like laughing when she saw this, but she felt bitter about it. 
“I’m curious to see how Justin will react if he finds out about this.” 
“What did you say?” Steven did not hear her murmur. 
“The Gold family doesn’t know what they’re selling. This necklace costs at least eight figures, but they’re selling it for $7 million? We made a huge profit out of this!” Bella flashed a devious smile. 
At this time, her phone rang. It was her eldest brother calling. 
“Hey, Ash!” Bella regained her composure. Her voice was as sweet as honey. 
“Bella, how are you? Are you tired? Is there anything you need help with?” Asher was gentle and thoughtful.
“I’m not tired. But you shouldn’t overwork yourself. Take a break sometimes.” 
They chatted for a while before Asher said, “There is a charity auction on the weekend. Why don’t you attend it on my behalf? Dad asked me to help him buy the antique rosewood chair. His budget is $100 million. But I have to go to church on the weekend, so I won’t be free. Can I trouble you to buy that chair for Dad?” 
“Me? What should I go as? Girlfriend of the KS Group’s president?” Bella teased him, picked up a chocolate bar, and took a bite. 
“Sure.” 
Bella was dumbfounded. 
“You can be whoever you want to be as long as you go in my stead. Why don’t you tell everyone that you’re the Thompson family’s treasure?” 
Bella chewed on the chocolate and nodded. “That seems like a good idea.’ 
Asher chuckled and said dotingly, “You’ve never shown your face in front of the media or the public. No one in Savrow’s elite circle recognizes you either, so you can go and have fun.” 
“Okay, then! But I think the $100 million budget is a little low. What if I see something I like?” 
“Just bid for it. I’ll buy it for you. But you know the rules in our family. If you bid for something, you must win it. Don’t leave any chance for others.” 
“I know. Wyatt’s motto is to always be a step ahead of everyone!” Bella snapped her fingers and 
laughed.
“Good luck, Bella. Don’t forget to get the rosewood chair!” 
After hanging up the phone, Steven worriedly reminded Bella. “Ms. Bella, since we’re participating in the charity auction in Mr. Asher’s stead, we ought to bring an auction item as well. But I’m afraid it’s a bit hasty to prepare for it now.” 
“Yes, we should bring something, and I have just the item for it.” 
Bella smiled like a fox.
###chapter60
Finally, it was the weekend. 
Many reporters gathered outside and were not allowed into the Savrow Platinum Auction House because rich people valued their privacy. 
Those who attended the auction were collectors and investment bankers who only had their minds on profit. They were not celebrities who needed media exposure, so no one took an interest in taking interviews. They only flocked to the treasures on display. 
Of course, Shannon, Jean, and Rosalind were the only exceptions. 
At this time every year, Shannon would be all decked out in her finest dress and jewelry to attend this high-profile charity auction. She seemed like a third-rate star walking on the red carpet, letting the media take photos of her while she blocked the entrance. Then she would leave indignantly when the staff of the auction house persuaded her to move aside. 
It was as if she was afraid that everyone would forget that she was the outdated actress who rose to the top by being a homewrecker more than 20 years ago. Gregory had not attended this auction for the past two years, probably because he was embarrassed by his wife. 
However, Shannon did not repeat her old tricks this year since Jean repeatedly begged Shannon to leave the spotlight for Rosalind and herself. No matter how unwilling Shannon was, she had to give in to Jean’s request. 
Thus, the “ushers” standing at the entrance this year became Rosalind and Jean. 
“This time, we’re attending the auction, hoping to bid for some excellent collectibles while doing our part for charity.” Jean acted like an elite woman and spoke confidently in front of the reporters.
“Mrs. Gold, what is the current financial situation of Gold Corporation? I heard it’s on the verge of bankruptcy.” One of the reporters asked sharply. 
“Is Mr. Gold’s investigation over? Will he be sentenced to jail?” 
“I heard that there’s a change in sentiment between your daughter and the CEO of Salvador Corporation. Is this true?” 
Change in sentiment? 
Rosalind heard this and suddenly stepped forward, holding the hem of her floor-length dress. She glared at the reporter until her scalp went numb. 
“What do you mean by that? Where did you hear that?!” 
“Ms. Gold, you don’t need to be so sensitive. It’s just a casual question. After all, as your fiancé, Mr. Salvador didn’t help your family in crisis. He hasn’t spoken or expressed his position until now. It’s only reasonable that his attitude in the recent event will cause such speculation.” 
“Justin and I haven’t broken up yet! Don’t talk nonsense!” 
When Rosalind thought about how Justin had not taken the initiative to contact her these days, she became anxious. Her voice also rose an octave. 
Jean pulled her frustrated daughter behind her and smiled at the cameras. “My daughter and Mr. Salvador’s relationship has always been very stable. Please don’t think too much about it. The situation between Gold Corporation and Salvador Corporation is a commercial secret, so we don’t know much about it.” 
“Mr. Salvador is also present today. Why didn’t you attend with him, Ms. Gold?”
“It seems like you two have never been photographed together in public. Is it to avoid suspicion?” 
“Why should they avoid suspicion? Mr. Salvador will definitely attend with my daughter if he’s here 
…” 
A reporter stated, “But many of us saw that Mr. Salvador had already entered the venue half an hour in advance.” 
Rosalind and Jean were caught off guard, and their faces were grim. 
On the other side, Justin had already entered the venue, accompanied by his assistant, Ian. 
“Justin!” 
Ryan walked over in a hurry. He narrowed his charming eyes and hugged Justin’s waist affectionately. 
“Tsk, someone’s been training!” 
Ryan even poked Justin’s lean waist. 
“Watch your hands.” Justin frowned. He did not move and only glared at Ryan. 
“Tsk, so serious! Back in the old days, you were always pinching me when we were sleeping together.” 
Ryan stopped touching Justin’s waist. Instead, he hugged Justin’s broad shoulders and said, “Hey, your fiancée and future mother-in-law are here. Why don’t you go over and say hello?” 
“I should avoid arousing suspicion.” 
“Pft! I guess you’re not all love brains to save the Gold family. They’re notorious for their poor- quality products. No one wants to help them.”
“Who are you calling love-brained?” 
Justin’s face suddenly darkened as he continued, “Don’t think that you can say 
just because this is your turf.” 
whatever you want 
It was a well-known fact among the elites that Platinum Auction Shop was owned by the Hoffman. Group and was fully managed by Ryan. 
“Bro, I’m doing this for your own good. I really don’t want to see your reputation ruined by that good- for-nothing Gold family.” 
Ryan pursed his lips and said, “My grandfather didn’t want the Gold family to attend the charity dinner, but he decided to let it be because he didn’t want to offend you. You know that the Golds don’t deserve to be here.” 
“Right now, yes. But Rose will marry me sooner or later. When the time comes, I hope that you’ll change your mind about her.” 
Justin’s eyes dimmed. “After all, she’s different from her family.” 
“Okay. I’ll respect her, but you probably won’t like what I’m about to say.” 
“Then don’t say it.” 
“In terms of appearance and personality, I still think that your beautiful and resilient ex-wife is more suitable for you. You need her kind of fire to warm up someone as cold as you.” Ryan went ahead and said it anyway.
###chapter61
Ian covered his mouth so hard that he almost suffocated to keep himself from laughing. 
Justin felt a surge of anger in his chest. He said indifferently, “There is no way that Anna and I will 
have a future together. I will also never be so shameless as to take back the divorce.” 
Ryan shrugged and did not bother to expose him, so he changed the topic. 
“Is there anything you want from today’s auction?” 
“Yes, the antique rosewood chair.” 
Justin planned to give it to his grandfather as a birthday gift. 
“You’ve got nice taste! Alright, I’ll find a way to dissuade anyone else from bidding for this item.” 
“No need.” 
Justin shook his head lightly and said, “This is a charity auction. If this chair is destined to be mine, no one will be able to take it from me. If I take it by force, it won’t be any fun.” 
The two men entered the venue and walked straight to the first row. 
This row was reserved for the VVIPS. Only the truly wealthy elites and aristocrats were qualified to sit here. 
Ryan and Justin were tall and handsome. They quickly attracted everyone’s attention when they entered the room. 
The elite ladies blushed shyly.
“Mr. Salvador is so handsome! He’s completely my ideal type!” 
“Your ideal type? You should stop thinking about him as soon as possible. Don’t you know that Mr. Salvador is going to marry Ms. Gold?” 
“What?! The Gold family that sells low-quality furniture? OMG! That family doesn’t even deserve to 
touch Mr. Salvador’s shoes! Is that man blind?” 
“Rosalind Gold is Mr. Salvador’s childhood sweetheart. He divorced his ex-wife just to marry that woman. Do you still think that you’re so capable as to snatch him away from Rosalind?” 
“Tsk, tsk… What a pitiful ex-wife! Look at that bitch’s pretentious attitude. I bet Mr. Salvador will be disgusted with her within two years!” 
Justin sat elegantly and exuded a chill that kept strangers away. 
He inadvertently glanced sideways and saw that there was a chair labeled “Asher Thompson” just 
across the aisle from him. 
Justin pressed his thin lips together and frowned. 
“Justin, I really can’t help it. My grandfather marked the first row seats well in advance, so I didn’t dare rearrange them.” 
Ryan saw through Justin’s thoughts and continued whispering in his ear, “These seats are about who’s the top crop in Savrow. Even your stepmother and your two silly sisters are seated in the back. Talk about how expensive this row is! Asher Thompson is Wyatt Thompson’s eldest son and the president of KS Group. The Hoffman family can’t possibly take sides between you two behemoths. So, you just have to bear with it.”
In the lobby outside the venue, Shannon and Jean were socializing with several elite ladies. Bethany and Rosalind were also holding hands, faking their closeness. Meanwhile, Carrie, Shannon’s youngest daughter, was nowhere to be found. 
“Where’s Carrie? Is she missing?” Rosalind asked. 
“It doesn’t matter what she’s up to, as long as she doesn’t die.” Bethany got angry at the mention of her biological sister. 
Bethany felt that Carrie was cowardly and a disgrace to the Salvador family. 
“Oh, don’t say that. Carrie is your biological sister. You should love her more.” Rosalind pretended to be kind as she persuaded Bethany. 
“I wish I never had such an embarrassing sister.” 
Bethany became angrier at Rosalind’s persuasion. 
Rosalind secretly snickered in her heart. 
This was the best way to drive a wedge between the two sisters. That was because Rosalind was afraid that the two sisters would gang up on her after she married Justin. 
At this time, they heard strong and confident footsteps approaching. 
Shannon, Jean, Rosalind, Bethany, and several elite ladies all looked in the direction of the footsteps. 
Bella, who was dressed in an elegant black suit, came into view. 
She paired it with sky-high stilettos. Her beautiful lips were tainted a flaming red.
Bella, in her seemingly effortless outfit, completely outshone Rosalind and Bethany. They had spent hours dressing up and were so angry that they clenched their dresses. 
Steven followed Bella. He was also dressed up more than usual today, so he looked like Prince Charming. 
The duo strode in and wanted to ignore the bunch of showy women in the lobby. 
Unexpectedly, Shannon called out to Bella with a smile. 
“Oh! I really didn’t expect to see you on such an occasion. How surprising! Charity events are really 
inclusive, huh?” 
Shannon implied that a country girl like Anna did not deserve to step foot in such an elegant hall. 
Bella suddenly stopped walking. She put one hand in the pocket of her suit pants and looked at Shannon with a half-smile. 
“I understand that you’re easily surprised because you haven’t been exposed to much. You ought to get out there and educate yourself.”
###chapter62
The crowd of elite ladies around Shannon were stunned to hear this from Bella and turned to look at Shannon. 
They had no idea that this stunning woman in front of them was Justin’s ex-wife. They thought that Bella must be from an extraordinary family. Otherwise, she would not dare to diss Shannon so outrightly. 
Shannon was livid. She gritted her teeth and sneered. “Hah! Anna, you’re indeed different now that you’ve climbed to a higher branch. I never knew you had a way with words.” 
Bella raised her beautiful eyebrows and did not care about Shannon’s derision. “I’m merely mirroring how others talk to me. What does this have to do with climbing?” 
Shannon’s face turned red. She was dizzy with anger. 
“Anna! My mother is your elder. Why are you so rude?!” Seeing her mother being humiliated, Bethany immediately rushed forward, looking furious and rabid. 
Bella sneered. 
Bethany inherited her mother’s cunning mind, but she was certainly not as subtle as her mother. Bella was not bothered to speak to such superficial women. 
“Do you think everyone here is blind?” 
Steven could not bear it anymore and stood in front of Bella to shield her. His expression was cold as he said, “Anyone here can bear witness to who was first to make rude remarks.”
“Wow. Ms. Brown, you certainly have a lot of men standing up for you, like Mr. Thompson and this gentleman here.” Rosalind took the opportunity to mock Bella. 
“Rosalind, it’s easy to spread rumors all you want, but have you ever thought about the price you will pay for running your mouth?” Bella’s sharp gaze stabbed Rosalind in the face. 
Rosalind’s heart trembled. 
She used to think that Anna was an honest and meek country girl that she could easily bully. 
At this moment, Rosalind was slightly afraid of Anna because she could no longer figure out who 
Anna was. 
“Ms. Brown, I really think it’s inappropriate for you to show up here. We’re just reminding you for your own good.” 
Jean smiled sweetly while she mocked Anna. “Back then, you got between Rose and Justin because you were young and ignorant. You’re in a passive situation now. Although you made a mistake, we didn’t blame you for it. Now that Rose is back together with Justin, it’s really inappropriate for you to appear in front of Justin as his ex-wife. We don’t mind since Rose is getting married to Justin soon. But if 
word spreads, don’t you think that your reputation will be ruined, Ms. Brown?” 
Rosalind listened to her mother’s mocking words and sneered sinisterly. 
She secretly praised her mother for being so quick-witted. 
After that speech, the crowd of elite ladies looked at Bella in shock and contempt. 
It turned out that this stunning woman was Justin’s mysterious ex-wife, who got between Rosalind
and Justin. 
How revolting! 
“I got between them? Haha! Mrs. Gold, I think your brain is just as rotten as the furniture your company produces.” Bella laughed out loud without a hint of anger. 
“You…!” Jean’s eyes turned red with anger. 
“Your precious daughter couldn’t stand the pressure from the Salvador family and broke up with Mr. Salvador, so he was single when he married me. How did I get between them? Do you know what your daughter did during the three years I was married to Mr. Salvador? She had many ways to pester my 
husband. Shall I list them all out here?” 
Rosalind and Jean were shocked. Rosalind was so frightened that she dared not say a word. 
During those three years, Rosalind still tried every means to drive a wedge between Anna and Justin, even though she was in Meridan. 
Not only that, Rosalind even sent harassing text messages to Anna and called Anna to yell at her. However, Anna always kept it to herself and never fought back. 
If Anna wanted to settle the score now, she could expose all of Rosalind’s dirty deeds. 
“Steve, take it out and show them.” Bella narrowed her eyes slightly. 
Steven understood what Bella meant. He took out Bella’s marriage license and showed it to the crowd. 
Everyone was shocked.
This marriage license was a slap in the face for Rosalind and Jean. 
“See? Mr. Salvador and I haven’t finalized our divorce yet, but someone just can’t wait to replace me.” Bella smiled victoriously. 
Rosalind held back her anger until her face turned red. ‘How outrageous! Who in their right mind would carry a marriage license with them?!’ 
Bella Thompson was certainly an unpredictable woman.
###chapter63
Bella carried her marriage license around with her because she was always ready to finalize her divorce with Justin. 
This time, the marriage license was proof that Bella and Justin were married, leaving the crowd tongue- tied. 
Shannon and Jean were rendered speechless. After all, Bella and Justin were still legally married at this moment. What else could they say? They would just embarrass themselves if they continued talking. 
“Now, everyone can decide for themselves who’s the third party in our relationship.” 
After saying that, Bella put away the marriage license and walked away under everyone’s shocked 
gaze. 
Rosalind was left behind, ashamed and 
angry. 
The auction was officially starting in less than five minutes. Almost all the distinguished guests were seated. 
Shannon and Bethany were sitting in the third row. From the moment they walked in the door, Bethany’s eyes were locked on Ryan. 
“He’s so handsome…” 
“The charity event held by the Hoffmans is too high-profile. I couldn’t get them to seat us in the front
row.’ 
3) 
” 
Shannon snorted indignantly. “Don’t worry, I’ll find you an opportunity to get close to Mr. Hoffman in the future. You’re talented, beautiful, and better than most other girls, so Mr. Hoffman will 
definitely fall in love with you. 
Although Ryan was well-known in Savrow for being a promiscuous person, Shannon was determined to marry her daughter off to him. 
Moreover, Bethany also liked Ryan, so it was a win-win situation. 
“Mom, Justin and Ryan are best friends. Can’t you talk to Justin and get him to set us up?” Bethany begged. 
Shannon’s eyes turned cold. She had already asked Justin, but he refused to help. 
“Where’s Carrie?” 
“She must have gone to hide somewhere again. Mom, why do you have to take her out with us? She pulls a long face in front of the cameras and wanders off all the time. She’s embarrassing our family!” 
Bethany disliked her biological sister. 
“You know that your little sister has some issues. She’s 20 years old this year, so I want to take her out to meet more people. If anyone takes a liking to her and is willing to marry her, I’ll marry her off as soon as possible. That’ll put an end to my worries.” Shannon sighed quietly.
Shannon sounded like she was trying to sell her daughter as soon as possible. 
On the other side, Rosalind and Jean felt even more isolated. 
There were more than a dozen rows of seats at the venue, but the two of them were placed in the most inconspicuous last row, although they were both decked out in their finest clothes. 
“Mom! Justin is in the front row. I want to sit next to him!” 
As she spoke, Rosalind impatiently held up the hem of her dress, wanting to go to Justin. However, a bodyguard stopped her before she could take a step. 
“I’m sorry, Ms. Gold. All seats here are fixed. You can’t swap seats.” 
“Why not? Who are you to stop me? Do you know who I am?” Rosalind raised her chin arrogantly. 
“I’m aware. You are Mr. Salvador’s girlfriend.” The bodyguard looked at her indifferently. 
Rosalind was rendered speechless. She did not know what else to say. 
“But the chairman of Hoffman Group personally arranged these seats. You’re not allowed to break this rule even if you are Mr. Salvador’s wife.” 
Rosalind was so angry that her eyes widened. She wanted to argue, but Jean pulled her down to her 
seat. 
“That’s enough. It’s just a seat. Don’t embarrass yourself!” 
Having said that, Jean saw Shannon and her daughter sitting in the front row from a distance, talking and laughing, completely forgetting about them. Jean was also secretly sulking about it.
Shannon had always been like this since they were children, always trying to one-up her in everything. Shannon kept saying that she would help Jean and Rosalind get into the limelight tonight, but that was just a fake promise. 
The venue was almost full, except for Asher’s seat, which was still empty. 
Justin glanced to the side and quickly looked away. 
“Huh? Why hasn’t Mr. Thompson shown up yet? Is he not coming?” Ryan muttered in surprise. 
At this moment, the door at the back of the hall opened. 
Everyone turned their attention to the door. Even Justin, who had always been aloof and unfeeling, 
could not help but turn back. 
In an instant, his breath hitched, and his blood surged. 
Justin was stunned to see his ex-wife. She looked so confident in her black suit and killer stilettos as 
she walked towards the front row without looking around. She was like a goddess landing on earth.
###chapter64
Bella did not wear a cumbersome gown. Instead, she chose to wear a black suit that she designed herself. She had a brooch made of yellow diamonds pinned to her chest, made by the top jewelry designer, Alexa. 
She confidently strode to her seat, looking clean-cut and outstanding among the elite ladies. 
The elite ladies were merely pampered princesses, but Bella was a domineering queen. 
When Rosalind saw that the thorn in her side had become the center of attention, she was fuming. 
In addition, the other elite ladies around Rosalind looked at Bella in amazement and started to whisper about her. 
“OMG! Who is she? She’s so elegant!” 
“She’s really young. Otherwise, I would’ve thought that she’s the big boss of some conglomerate. Her confidence is unbeatable!” 
“Have you seen her brooch? That’s the most exclusive collection from Alexa, ‘The Twilight God’! Three years ago, someone offered $100 million to get it. Alexa even scoffed at that number!” 
“The Twilight God?!” 
Anyone in the jewelry industry knows about the famous designer, Alexa. Her creation, “The Twilight God” also caused a sensation when it was exhibited three years ago! 
Just now, Rosalind was so angry that she did not notice what Bella was wearing. Now that she took a closer look, she was so jealous that her teeth chattered.
“Hah! Anna is really good at taking advantage of Mr. Thompson.” 
Jean was jealous. At the same time, she admired Anna and dissed her daughter. “I gave you the best of everything and trained you so that you’d marry well, but in the end, you can’t even compare to a country girl! If your aunt hadn’t given you the opportunity to get close to Justin, how could you have captured Justin’s heart with your mediocre skills?” 
“Mom! I’ve already won. Why are you still saying such demoralizing things to me?!” 
Rosalind clenched her fists tightly. Her eyes were red. “So what if Anna hooks up with Asher Thompson? The Salvador family is no worse than the Thompson family! What’s more, Anna is a 
divorced woman. Justin will never go back to her. He’s mine for the rest of my life!” 
“Don’t be so smug if you didn’t get your marriage license with him.” 
Jean was worried. “Justin is clearly colder toward you. Even I can tell. Moreover, Nigel still refuses to accept you. He’s doing everything possible to delay Justin and Anna’s divorce. That means there is still a possibility for them to get back together. If you think you can sit back and relax now that Anna doesn’t live with Justin anymore, you’re an idiot!” 
Rosalind knew that Justin was not as nice to her as before, but she did not get to see Justin these days, so she could not seduce him. 
Bella passed by the back row, emitting a faint fragrance as she walked past Shannon and Bethany. 
“Mom, where is that country bitch going to sit?” Bethany asked nervously. 
Shannon could not keep a smile on her face. She thought that Anna was already lucky enough to get a seat. She did not expect Anna to walk to the first row, where the bigshots were gathered.
Justin watched as Bella walked to his side. His heart skipped a beat. 
However, Bella did not even glance at him. He was like a stranger to her. She sat down gracefully in Asher’s seat. 
“Asher asked Ms. Brown to attend on his behalf?! I don’t even know about this!” Ryan was shocked and confused. 
Justin took a deep breath, frowned deeply, and glanced at the woman who was two meters away from him. 
Bella’s red lips curled up into a faint smile. Her face was bright and gorgeous. She looked so aloof and unattainable. 
Bella did not bother to look at Justin, treating him like he was invisible. 
“Fuck! It turns out that she has ‘The Twilight God’ this whole time!” 
Ryan slapped his thigh. “I tried every means to get ‘The Twilight God’ as my mother’s birthday gift three years ago. I even offered $100 million for it and begged Alexa to sell me the brooch. But Alexa didn’t even care. I can’t believe Anna has this brooch! Wow… Asher must really love her to put so much effort into her! He has my respect!” 
Justin’s heart trembled when he heard this. 
He understood the feeling of putting in the effort to get a rare piece of jewelry for the woman he loved. 
Justin took half a month out of his busy schedule to rush to Feranco just so he could prepare a birthday gift for Rosalind. After receiving many cold shoulders and being rejected many times, Justin continued begging the designer to make “The Flaming Heart”.
He had never given Anna a gift throughout their three-year marriage. 
Now that Anna was with Asher, that man doted on her and gave her such an expensive gift. 
Justin frowned and lowered his eyes. An inexplicable sense of bitterness filled his heart. 
Seeing that Asher was so kind to his ex-wife, Justin just felt uncomfortable. 
It seemed that Justin was indeed a useless ex-husband. 
With all the guests present, the auction officially began. 
As the representative of the Hoffman family, Ryan took to the stage to deliver the opening speech. He was wearing a YSL haute couture suit that made him look even more charming. 
Bethany’s mouth gaped open as she fawned over him. She looked at her “husband” and had already started to make a list of names for their future children in her mind. 
With thunderous applause, Ryan walked off the stage. He grinned and flashed his pearly whites. Then he raised his eyebrows and winked at Bella.
###chapter65
Bella’s almond-shaped eyes narrowed slightly. Then she rolled her eyes. 
Justin’s handsome face darkened when he saw Ryan flirting with his ex-wife. 
“Bro, how was my performance just now?” 
Ryan returned to his seat next to Justin with a bright smile and nudged him with his elbow. 
“Good.” 
Justin glared at Ryan and added, “If you do that again, I will chop you to pieces.” 
Ryan looked dejected. “Bro, what did I do now? You’re more temperamental than all my girlfriends combined!” 
Soon, the first auction item was displayed on the stage. It was a landscape painting from the 
Renaissance. It was intricate, but since the painter was not well-known, the base price was set at $1 million. 
Justin did not have much interest in historical relics, but he was familiar with them because of his grandfather’s influence. 
He could tell at a glance that this painting was the same as the one in his grandfather’s studio. 
Nigel had the original painting, so this one from the Platinum Auction House should be a replica with exquisite craftsmanship.
There was a big difference between replicas and fakes. However, it was not unheard of for high- quality replicas to be auctioned off at high prices. But surely, one would rather buy the original work than a replica. 
“$1.5 million!” 
“$2 million!” 
“$3 million!” 
Just as the auctioneer was about to drop the hammer, a crisp yet gentle voice sounded. 
“$5 million.” Bella slowly raised her paddle. 
Everyone glanced at this mysterious and beautiful woman in surprise. 
Justin looked at Bella’s beautiful side profile and felt suspicious. 
First of all, this painting was not worth $3 million, let alone $5 million. 
Secondly, Anna had been spending time with Nigel for so long. She usually helped Nigel take care of his rare treasures, antiques, and paintings. Thus, she would certainly be aware that the original piece was with Nigel. Why would she spend an unreasonable amount of money to bid for this replica? 
“$6 million!” 
Everyone turned their attention to the back of the hall. 
Rosalind held up her bidding paddle, as if she were afraid that people would not be able to see her. 
She could not tolerate Anna stealing the show and wanted to snatch the limelight back from her.
“$7 million.” Bella calmly raised her paddle again. 
“$8 million!” Rosalind followed, shouting so loudly that the people around her looked at her. 
Jean was nervous. She had never participated in such a high-profile auction. How could a painting be sold for $7 million in just a blink of an eye? This was also the first auction item. 
Was Rosalind not interested in the other items? 
“Mom, should we bid for it too?” Bethany was a little upset that Rosalind was showing off and asked Shannon in a low voice. 
“They’re our relatives, so let’s not fight with them.” 
Shannon had been to many such auctions, so she knew that the good things would be left to the end. 
“$9 million.” Bella raised the paddle again, determined not to give up until she won the bid. 
Jean’s blood pressure went up. 
She did not have such a high budget to spend on Nigel’s birthday gift. Her heart was already bleeding. 
“$10 million!” Rosalind raised her paddle again. She was getting excited. 
Everyone was in an uproar. 
Ryan laughed. “This is the first item to be auctioned, and it’s not that valuable, yet we sold it for this amount. I’m making such a big profit! Justin, do you think I should thank your ex-wife or your future wife?”
Justin’s hands were intertwined on his lap. His thin lips were tightly pressed together, and his face was gloomy. 
“Rose, stop bidding for it if Anna raises the price. $10 million is too much!” Jean persuaded Rosalind. She was so nervous that her hands were sweaty. 
Bella’s eyes were gleaming with joy. She was about to raise her paddle but thought better of it and put it down again. 
“$10 million! Congratulations to Ms. Gold for getting this painting!” 
Rosalind’s face was bright red. She was smiling proudly, feeling that she had won and overshadowed that bitch. 
However, Jean’s eyes turned dark. She could not bring herself to smile. 
At this moment, Steven, who was outside, had a panoramic view of the hall through his phone. 
He thought, ‘Oh, Bella. You tricked Rosalind into paying nine times the price for a replica! Bella really understands how that bitch’s mind works!’
###chapter66
Justin’s face darkened. His thin lips were pursed as he thought, ‘If Anna was willing to pay $9 million for this painting, $10 million isn’t a problem either. Anna suddenly held back, not because she couldn’t pay, but because she simply gave up. She did this on purpose!’ 
However, Justin could not say anything about it. After all, no one forced Rosalind to follow Anna’s bid to take this painting. Rosalind did this willingly. 
Bella remained calm and did not bid for the other auction items. 
Justin only wanted to bid for the antique rosewood chair, so he kept silent. 
The next item was a pair of jadeite stones donated by Shannon on behalf of the Salvador Corporation. The base price was $2 million. 
Bella snorted lightly and shook her head in disdain. 
She would rather spend money on the replica earlier than buy these two stupid stones. Only fools would buy these. 
Sure enough, there were very few bidders. The auctioneer tried his best to raise the price, but in the end, it sold for only $2.6 million. 
The smile on Shannon’s face faded. 
Justin looked calm, as if it had nothing to do with him. 
That was because no matter what Shannon did, she would only embarrass Gregory. Justin did not have a good relationship with his father either.
“The next item comes from KS Group and was donated by Ms. Mila Larson. It’s a pair of azure porcelain teacups from the 18th century!” 
Every collector in the audience was instantly aroused. 
Bella was shocked. She quickly turned around and scanned the crowd behind her. 
Finally, she spotted Mila’s graceful figure in the back row. 
Bella nervously sent a message to Steven. [Why is Aunt Mila here? Why didn’t you tell me she was coming?!] 
Steven replied. [Ms. Bella, I just found out too! Maybe the Chairman sent Madam Mila here at the last minute as a contingency.] 
Bella panicked and thought, ‘Damn it! Wyatt never plays by the rules!’ 
Almost everyone from the Salvador family was present at the auction, so Bella was afraid that she would not be able to hide her identity as the heiress of KS Group with Mila around. 
At this moment, Bella noticed that Mila was subtly gesturing an “okay” sign to her and winking at 
her, like a secret message between best friends. 
Bella felt a surge of warmth in her heart and immediately understood what Mila meant. 
She thought, ‘Oh, Aunt Mila, you’re always so wise!’ 
Everyone was ready to make a bid for the porcelain teacups.
“This porcelain is extremely rare, but Madam Mila still donated a pair! The Thompson family is really generous, as expected of a large conglomerate.’ 
“The Salvador Corporation is a large conglomerate too, but look what they donated. Those two rocks are probably not as valuable as the stone sculptures in my garden.” 
“Mr. Salvador certainly has questionable taste in a wife.” 
Shannon’s face turned red with embarrassment. She felt like she was sitting on pins and needles. 
The auction item Shannon brought was at a different level from Mila’s donation. The strong contrast made Shannon look so stingy and petty. 
This was the first time in the auction that Justin showed an interest in an auction item. He spun the paddle in his hand while deep in thought. 
Bella murmured, “That’s top-quality celadon, the color of rain.” 
When Justin heard Anna’s murmur, he could not help but turn to look at her in surprise. 
Anna was focused on the antique teacup. Her fair and delicate skin was like fine porcelain. Her elegant brows were relaxed, and she looked so beautiful under the light that Justin forgot to breathe. Anna was actually a gorgeous woman, but Justin had never truly appreciated her beauty.
###chapter67
That was because Justin already had his heart set on someone else. 
At times, Justin even felt that Anna was wasting her life by being with him. 
It was a waste of her beauty. 
Somehow, Justin’s eyes wandered down and finally landed on Bella’s slender wrist. 
Bella was still wearing the jade bracelet that Nigel gave her. Even though it did not match her outfit, she still did not take it off. It seemed that she really liked it. 
Justin narrowed his eyes and heaved a deep breath. 
The 18th-century porcelain attracted a lot of fierce bidding, which overwhelmed the auctioneer. 
“$10 million!” 
“$25 million!” 
“$27 million!” 
“$40 million.” 
Justin raised his paddle and called out the highest number in the audience. 
Everyone was dumbfounded. 
Bella was startled and turned to look at Justin. 
She thought, ‘This jerk doesn’t have good taste in women, but he has an eye for antiques.’
Justin noticed her gaze. He glanced to the side and met her eyes. 
In an instant, Justin was stung by her overly indifferent and sharp eyes. His heart shriveled. 
Bella quickly looked away from him. 
In the end, Justin successfully bid for this pair of porcelain teacups. He also received envious looks from everyone. 
“From now on, you’ll have to serve me with this cup when I come over for tea! Only a 40-million- dollar teacup set is suitable for my status!” Ryan beamed at Justin. 
“This cup is too small for you. I have a larger cup, which is more suitable for your status,” Justin said nonchalantly. 
“Oooh, what is it?” 
“The toilet bowl.” 
Ryan’s face turned glum. “Fuck you! You’re so mean!” 
Bella overheard their conversation and could not help but chuckle. 
Rosalind felt an ache in her chest. She did not know why Justin would spend $40 million on a pair of stupid teacups. Wouldn’t it be nicer to spend $40 million on a big villa?! 
Even before she married Justin, she began to worry about his finances. 
“The next auction item is of extraordinary significance. It has been the personal collection of an anonymous gentleman for the past 50 years. It is a top-quality rosewood chair from the 17th century.”
While the auctioneer enthusiastically introduced the antique rosewood chair, four staff members wearing white gloves carefully lifted the chair from its protective glass cover. 
“Bro, it’s here!” Ryan hurriedly patted Justin. 
The next second, Justin and Bella seemed to be on high alert. They sat upright in unison, leaving the 
backs of their chairs. 
They were ready to bid for this prized antique. 
“The base price is $30 million! Start bidding now!” 
Several wealthy businessmen and investment bankers held up their paddles, and the auctioneer kept calling out the prices. The competition was fierce. 
The base price of $30 million was the highest for tonight’s auction. 
Shannon and Bethany, who always liked the attention, were daunted by the price. 
Jean and Rosalind were reduced to being onlookers for this bid. They were so quiet that they blended in with the flower arrangements at the back of the hall. 
At this moment, a fair and slender hand shot up gracefully. The woman’s red lips parted as she 
calmly offered a price. 
“$60 million.” 
Everyone was shocked and turned their attention to Bella, who was holding up her paddle.
###chapter68
This mysterious beauty was arrogant. She raised the price of the bid exponentially. 
“Mom, did I hear it right?” 
Bethany was shocked. “Did that country bumpkin actually offer $60 million? How dare she raise the price like that?! Is she faking it?!” 
Shannon remained silent, but her cold eyes were fixed on Bella’s back. 
Suddenly, Shannon remembered something. She rolled her eyes and looked in the direction of Mila, who was Wyatt Thompson’s second wife. 
Shannon sneered and thought, ‘Does that bitch Anna think that she can marry into the Thompson family? We’ll see about that!’ 
“$70 million.” 
Justin parted his thin lips and raised his sculpted hand slowly. The light shone down on his handsome face, creating a glowing silhouette that many women could not take their eyes away from. 
He raised the price to a new level, so some bidders had no choice but to give up in frustration. 
“$75 million.” 
Bella’s expression remained calm as she raised her paddle again without hesitation. 
Everyone was shocked. 
Ryan, who was used to seeing these auctions, dared not speak at this moment.
He just felt like he was watching an intense showdown. Two waves of cold energy collided, and it felt as if the roof of the venue would collapse in the next second. 
“$80 million.” Justin kept his composure, but he felt a little annoyed. 
He thought, ‘She’s really working hard to help Asher get this treasure!’ 
Bella touched the inside of her cheek with her tongue and suppressed her anger. 
Even if she went over budget for this chair, she would use her own money to fight to the end with Justin. 
However, she also knew how to cut the losses in time and weigh the pros and cons. 
Antiques had a high value due to their history, but she had a budget too. If the price reached $80 million, going any further was just petty fighting. 
“Justin, why are you such a dunce?” 
Ryan saw Bella’s hostile expression and hurriedly tilted his head and whispered in Justin’s ear. He added, “Anna wants this chair. Why don’t you just give it to her? She’s your ex-wife. Don’t you think 
you’re being ungentlemanly for fighting with her in front of so many people?” 
“She’s sitting in that seat representing Asher Thompson, so the person competing with me is also Asher Thompson. It has nothing to do with her.” Justin focused on the stage and looked indifferent. 
Ryan took a breath and gave him a thumbs-up. “Okay, you win.” 
“$80 million, going once! $80 million, going twice! $80 million…” 
“$100 million!”
Wow! 
A crisp voice came from the back of the hall. Justin furrowed his brows in surprise, but he did not turn around. 
Everyone looked at the beautiful lady holding up the paddle. That was Mila, Wyatt Thompson’s second wife! 
Bella’s bright eyes arched with delight. She suddenly understood why Mila attended the auction. 
Wyatt was afraid that Asher was not willing to spend money on this antique chair, so he sent another representative to the auction. 
Justin’s gaze darkened. He hesitated for a long time and did not make a move. 
He could afford $100 million, but it would be unchivalrous of him to fight for it. 
In the end, the top bidder for this antique rosewood chair was KS Group, which attracted thunderous applause. 
Just when everyone thought the auction was coming to an end, the auctioneer suddenly announced the last auction item with a smile. 
“This is the last item in today’s charity auction, which is also donated by KS Group! This top-of-the- line jewelry is made by a well-known jewelry designer from Feranco, who took a month to create this piece – “The Flaming Heart”!” 
In an instant, Justin’s pupils shrank, and his heart stopped beating. He felt as if he had been shot.
###chapter69
In an instant, Rosalind turned pale. She felt as if she were struck by lightning. 
Jean was also shocked. Her whole body froze. 
“Mom! What’s going on?!” 
Rosalind gritted her teeth as cold sweat beaded her forehead. “Didn’t you sell this necklace? Why did it appear at the auction?!” 
“I… I did sell it. That’s impossible!” Jean muttered in shock. 
“What should I do now?! Justin is right there! He definitely saw the necklace. What will he think of me when he sees his token of love being auctioned off? He will definitely be angry with me!” Rosalind’s chest was filled with resentment and anger. She almost burst into tears. 
“It’s okay! This necklace can’t be the only one in the world. There might be another one out there…” 
“It’s the one and only! The auctioneer just introduced it. Justin had it made just for me! How could you possibly get away with this lie?” 
Both mother and daughter were panicking at the moment. 
Rosalind was thinking about how she should explain it to Justin. 
Jean was thinking about why the necklace she sold to the pawn shop appeared here and why it was donated in the name of KS Group. 
Suddenly, she sat upright, attracting contemptuous glances from the people around her.
Did that pawn shop belong to the Thompson family?! 
There were so many treasures coming into the pawn shop every day, but the Thompsons donated this inconspicuous necklace to the charity auction. How could there be such a coincidence? 
Jean’s mind was buzzing. Her eyes bore a hole into Anna’s back. 
‘It must be that bitch’s doing! Only Anna would know that “The Flaming Heart” was Justin’s token of love for Rosalind. Anna must be resentful about it because it wasn’t hers, so she made sure the Thompsons donated this necklace to the charity auction. That way, she could drive a wedge between Justin and Rose!’ 
In the front row, Justin’s face seemed frosted over. 
His chest was heaving violently under his fine suit. Cold sweat broke out on his forehead and slowly 
slid down his face. 
“Justin, are you okay?” Ryan was frightened by Justin’s abnormal reaction. He was also confused. 
“The Flaming Heart” represented Justin’s devotion to Rosalind. He was involved in every painstaking step, from the design to the selection of materials to hand-carving by the designer. 
This was the first time Justin had shown such affection to a woman. 
However, his heart was quite literally being auctioned off on the stage in front of him. He felt humiliated, like he was stripped naked and pinned up front to a pillar of shame, in full view of the public. 
“The representative of KS Group said that this piece, ‘The Flaming Heart’, is a token of love from an affectionate man. It is of great significance. True love cannot be priced, so this item will be placed for
bidding in the room at the back for silent bidding. We have also followed KS Group’s suggestion and implemented no base price for this necklace.” 
Rosalind slumped in her chair. Her eyes were dark. 
Everyone was interested in this bidding method. The hall became even livelier than when the antique rosewood chair was up for grabs. 
Justin could not bear it anymore. His eyes were red, and he spat out two words through his gritted 
teeth. 
“Stop this.” 
“What?” 
“Stop the auction immediately. That necklace belongs to me!” 
Ryan was astonished. His mouth gaped open at that knowledge. 
At this time, Justin noticed that Asher’s seat was empty. Anna had left at some point. 
Justin clenched his fist and slammed it on the armrest. The chill around him made Ryan shudder. 
‘Anna, that’s a damn good trick! Are you happy now that you’ve humiliated me?!’ 
The show that Bella arranged was about to begin, but she lost interest in watching it and left early. At that moment, she went to the bathroom and sighed, facing the mirror.
###chapter70
Bella was a cultured and sophisticated young lady. She had been pampered by the Thompson family, so she never had to use such means to get her way. 
After marrying and divorcing Justin, she had all sorts of schemes brewing in her mind. 
Bella recalled the way Justin’s eyes shattered when “The Flaming Heart” was brought on the stage. At that moment, she felt that she had gone too far. 
She could have pretended not to see the necklace. There was no need to publicly humiliate Justin to such an extent by putting it up for auction. 
However, Bella was indignant and petty. 
She was not indignant about the divorce. She resigned herself to her fate, knowing that the love she had been pursuing for thirteen years was gone. 
It just irked her that such a smart man as Justin could not see through the fact that the person he loved was a vile woman. 
“I’ve gone overboard. I won’t do this again.” 
Bella felt a pain in her heart and smiled bitterly. 
This was the last time she would get involved in Justin and Rosalind’s relationship. 
Suddenly, the bathroom door was kicked open. 
Bella did not panic. She just glanced over coldly.
Rosalind was seen grabbing her cumbersome dress as she rushed to Bella angrily. 
“Anna! You bitch!” 
“You’ve been scolding me for more than three years, but your vocabulary hasn’t expanded one bit.” Bella raised her eyebrows in derision and was not at all offended. 
“It must be you! You were the one who put the necklace that Justin gave me on auction! Why are you so despicable and underhanded?!” 
Rosalind took another step forward, but stepped on her dress and almost fell. She was so embarrassed 
that her face turned red, and she forgot about getting revenge momentarily. 
“I’m just donating things to charity. What tricks do you mean? Ms. Gold, please don’t slander me.” 
Bella took a step back, fearing that Rosalind would pounce and bite her. 
If that happened, Bella would have had to get a rabies shot. 
“Anna! You didn’t get Justin’s love, so you used this despicable way to humiliate me and Justin. You want to sow discord between us! Do you think you will win like this? Do you think that you can get 
between me and Justin so that Justin will fall in love with you?! Dream on!” 
Rosalind stared at Bella. Her eyes were red as she gritted her teeth with hatred. 
“You were the one who gave up the necklace by selling it to the pawn shop, so it’s no longer yours. You have no control over who buys it or what happens to it. If you’re angry about it, you have no one else to blame but yourself.” 
Bella looked away and turned to leave. She did not bother to waste her breath on Rosalind.
If it were not for Justin forcing their lives to intersect, Bella would not have taken a second look at such a pretentious woman. 
“Stupid bitch! Get back here!” 
Rosalind’s blood surged to her head. She grabbed Bella’s slender wrist and pulled hard. 
Bella winced and frowned at the pain. 
Rosalind managed to take off the jade bracelet that Nigel gave her, leaving a glaring red mark on her fair and delicate wrist. 
“Give it back to me!” Bella was infuriated. Her almond-shaped eyes turned sharp. 
Rosalind clutched the bracelet tightly in her hand. She fell in love with this bracelet the first time she saw it, but that old man gave it to the person she hated the most. 
‘Anna, you took what belongs to me. You shameless little whore! Since I can’t get this, then you can’t keep it either!’ 
Rosalind smiled viciously and slammed the jade bracelet against the marble sink. 
“No!” 
Clink-! 
The crisp sound made Bella’s heart ache. 
The jade bracelet that Nigel gave her was broken into three pieces.
###chapter71
Bella’s breath hitched. 
Nigel had given her that bracelet. It was Bella’s favorite bracelet, and Rosalind destroyed it so easily. 
Instantly, rage surged into Bella’s heart. She wished she could break Rosalind’s bones, just like Rosalind broke her bracelet. 
“Rosalind Gold!” Bella roared. Her eyes were bloodshot. 
Rosalind was frightened, but she felt unstoppable. 
‘So what if I broke the bracelet, Anna? You and I are the only ones here. Guess who Justin will believe if I say that you hurt me?’ 
Rosalind smiled sinisterly, picked up the broken jade bracelet from the sink, and stretched out her wrist. 
Bella immediately knew what Rosalind was up to. She took a breath and wanted to stop Rosalind, but it was too late. 
“Ah!” 
Bella watched helplessly as Rosalind cut her wrist with the broken piece of jade. This was Rosalind’s first time cutting herself. She avoided her artery, but the cut was deep, so the blood kept oozing out of the wound and onto the floor. 
Rosalind was scared to death, but she continued the act. Otherwise, she would injure herself in vain. 
Thus, Rosalind ran out of the bathroom, crying and screaming.
Bella was absent-minded for a while. She picked up the pieces of the broken jade bracelet and held them in her palms. Her eyes turned red again and again. 
Just as Bella walked out of the bathroom, someone opened the door of the innermost stall. 
Rosalind ran wildly in the corridor, crying and holding her bloodied wrist. 
At this time, the auction was over, and the guests were walking out of the venue one after another. Seeing such an unusual scene, many guests did not stay to watch the show. Instead, they instinctively avoided Rosalind, thinking that she was manic. 
“Justin… Mom… Aunt Shannon… Help me!” Rosalind was trembling and shouting incoherently. 
Rosalind was finally the center of attention, which was exactly what she wanted. 
She thought, ‘Anna, how dare you sow discord between me and Justin? I will ruin your reputation and make Justin see what a jealous and vile woman you are!’ 
Jean, Shannon, and Bethany hurried over after hearing Rosalind’s scream. The three women were startled and started screaming as well. 
“Rose, my darling, what happened to your hand?! Who hurt you like this?!” 
Jean looked distressed and horrified. Her acting was seamless. 
That was because Jean knew that Rosalind had followed Anna out of the venue to deal with that bitch. Thus, Jean reacted immediately and cooperated with Rosalind. 
However, Jean remembered that her daughter was scared of pain. When Rosalind was a child, she would cry endlessly, even if it was just an injection. This time, Rosalind was so cruel to herself.
Rosalind was becoming more like Shannon when she was young. Back then, Shannon hurt herself and attempted suicide, successfully capturing Gregory’s heart and stealing Justin’s mother’s position. Later, Gregory felt disheartened toward Justin’s mother. 
Now that Rosalind was following Shannon’s old path and was almost successful, Jean did not want her daughter to fail. 
Jean thought, ‘Anna is such a scourge! I must get rid of her!’ 
Rosalind cried even harder when she saw people around her starting to take out their phones to record, so that she could play the role of a weak victim to the fullest. 
At this time, Bella walked toward them expressionlessly. She looked dazzling, like a beam of light splitting through the chaotic haze. 
Bella’s gorgeous face was grim at the moment. Everyone held their breaths because she looked like she was about to unleash hell on Rosalind. 
As luck would have it, Justin and Ryan walked toward them at this time. 
“Justin…” 
Rosalind glanced at Justin aggrievedly. 
Justin’s eyes darkened when he noticed the gory wound on her wrist. Then he strode up to her. 
Jean smiled slyly and gave Rosalind a hard shove, pushing her daughter straight into Justin’s arms. 
“How did this happen?” Justin asked anxiously. 
“Justin… My wrist hurts… Am I going to die?” Rosalind cried in the man’s arms like a frightened bird.
“No, don’t scare yourself.” Justin lowered his long eyelashes and frowned. 
Bella watched them with cold eyes and could not help but laugh at the top of her lungs. 
She was about to start the play called “Bella Thompson Crushing the Fake Bitch”. 
At this time, someone had secretly taken out their phone to record a video. 
Ryan reacted quickly and sent a group of bodyguards to clear out the crowd. “Rose, Justin is here to protect you. No one will dare to hurt you anymore!”
###chapter72
Shannon pretended to be worried and asked anxiously, “Rose, what happened to your hand?” 
“Rose, don’t be afraid. Just tell us what happened. We won’t let anyone bully you!” Bethany pretended to seek justice for Rosalind. 
“I… I met Ms. Brown in the bathroom…” 
Rosalind gasped weakly in Justin’s arms and looked at Bella with resentment. “I know Ms. Brown doesn’t like me, so I took the initiative to say hello to her, hoping to be more friendly so that we can put the past behind us… But Ms. Brown didn’t appreciate my efforts. Somehow, we started to quarrel 
}) 
Bella crossed her arms, tilted her head, and laughed. 
Justin raised his eyes and felt frustrated when he saw her smiling face. 
“When I wanted to leave, Ms. Brown grabbed me and refused to let me go… In a fit of panic, I accidentally pulled out her bracelet, which fell on the floor and broke. Ms. Brown was angry because the bracelet broke and didn’t want to hear my apology, so she…” 
Rosalind stopped talking and left everyone to their own imagination. 
Bella thought, ‘How dare she twist the story?’ 
Bella laughed because Rosalind was trying to frame her for that injury. 
“So, Ms. Brown inflicted this injury on you? How is that possible?”
Shannon covered her mouth in disbelief. 
In fact, Shannon was the one who encouraged Rosalind to tell everyone what happened. 
“What?! You hurt my daughter?!” 
Jean was furious and pointed at Bella. “How could you be so evil?! If you’re upset, just use your words. Why must you be so violent? Rose is an award-winning musician. She needs her hands to play the piano! If she can no longer play the piano because of you, we won’t let you off the hook even though you’re in good graces with the Thompson family!” 
Bella was startled by Jean’s words. 
Bella took a deep breath because she was reminded of her little finger, which she had broken because of Justin. She could no longer play the piano anymore because of it. 
Yet they were the ones who still blamed her for Rosalind’s misdeeds. 
What about her? Who should she blame? 
“Wait! Wait! No!” 
Ryan felt anxious when he saw that Bella was not fighting back, even though she was being barraged. Thus, he hurriedly stepped forward to help her out. “No matter how aggrieved and pitiful Ms. Gold might look, this is just her one-sided statement. We should also listen to what Ms. Brown has to say. There are no surveillance cameras in the bathroom, but there is probably someone else present. Why don’t we ask if there are any witnesses in the bathroom at the time to get a better picture of what happened?” 
When Bethany saw Ryan, she fawned over him again. Her mouth fell open as if she had lost her soul. She looked mentally challenged.
Bella was stunned that Ryan stood up for her. She finally raised her eyelids and glanced at Ryan. 
Ryan was delighted that Bella noticed him and felt a surge of warmth in his heart. 
Bella and Ryan looked at each other in tacit understanding, but Justin mistook them to be flirting with each other. 
The man remained calm and clenched his fingers. 
“There were no witnesses. We were the only ones in the bathroom at the time,” Bella said nonchalantly. 
“Oh, hmm…” Ryan frowned and felt like there was nothing he could do. 
“Then who else could have done this to Rose? My daughter wouldn’t cut herself, would she? Rose has always been scared of pain!” Jean shouted angrily. 
Rosalind sobbed aggrievedly in Justin’s arms, but she was secretly glad that there were no witnesses. 
“Anna.” 
Justin pursed his lips and asked in a cold voice, “So, did you do it?” 
Bella’s heart dropped. She clenched her fists and suppressed her grievance. Her nose felt sore. 
Ryan was speechless. He held his forehead and thought, ‘Why is this guy talking now?’ 
Justin felt a prick in his heart when he saw Bella’s red eyes. 
He was a little too quick to judge. 
Justin was supposed to be impartial, but Bella had humiliated him at the auction with the necklace, so Justin held a personal grudge against her.
As a result, Justin became a little harsh. 
Bella took a deep breath, parted her lips, and smiled brightly. 
“I did it. So what? Do you want revenge?”
###chapter73
Justin was shocked. His heart trembled violently. 
He looked at his ex-wife in disbelief. How could a once gentle and meek woman be so violent as to hurt someone like that? 
“Anna, is it true?” Justin felt his throat tighten. He stared at her intently with his dark eyes. 
Bella slowly curled her lips into a devilish smile. 
Ryan could not help but cover his chest because he was enchanted by her smile. 
How could a woman be so sexy and evil at the same time? 
“Justin… What do you mean by this?” 
Rosalind saw that Justin had repeatedly asked Bella for confirmation and feared that he would become suspicious, so she started crying loudly. “Don’t you believe what I say? Am I so untrustworthy to you?” 
Rosalind wondered, ‘Why did Anna take the blame for it? No matter what, I just need to achieve my goal. Anna’s just stupid for admitting it.’ 
“Justin, look at what kind of sly woman you married back then! She almost cut Rose’s artery. She’s trying to kill my daughter!” Jean played along with Rosalind and cried with her. 
Justin lowered his eyelids and frowned again. 
“Anna, you weren’t so violent when you were staying at Tideview Manor. You don’t look like someone who will kill others just because of a disagreement.
Shannon looked at Bella coldly and said in a strange tone, “Are you like this because you and Justin are divorced now, so you feel like you don’t need to hide it anymore? That’s why you’re showing your true colors, right? Fortunately, Justin realized it soon and reconciled with Rose. Otherwise, he’ll be deceived by you for who knows how long?!” 
“Mrs. Salvador, you’re going overboard.” 
Ryan could not listen to this anymore. He narrowed his eyes and wanted to reason with them, but Bella stopped him. 
Bethany was furious to see Ryan standing up for her ex-sister-in-law. She bit her lip in indignation and felt her hatred deepen. 
“What do you guys want?” Bella asked mockingly. 
“Apologise to Rose.” Justin stopped looking at Bella. His expression was cold and heartless. 
It was as if their three years of marriage were an illusion and they were mere strangers. 
Rosalind smiled and could not conceal her joy. 
‘Look, bitch! Justin has always loved me. You devoted your heart and soul to him for three years and slaved away for the Salvador family, but Justin still stood by me in times of trouble. A few of my tears are worth more than your sincere heart!’ 
Bella raised her chin arrogantly and walked step by step in front of Rosalind. 
Slap-! 
Bella was filled with resentment as she slapped Rosalind hard in the face.
Everyone was dumbfounded. 
She struck so quickly that Justin did not even have time to react. A gust of cold wind blew past him. 
“Ah! You hit me… How dare you hit me?!” Rosalind’s ears were buzzing. She could see stars from the impact of the slap. 
“I hit you because you deserved it!” 
Bella’s smile disappeared. She trembled with anger. “This slap is for breaking the bracelet that Grandpa gave me. If you’re so great, come at me. Why did you break that bracelet?!” 
“Anna! You’ve gone too far!” 
Justin roared. He noticed Bella’s swollen wrist when she raised her hand. 
Her skin was soft and tender, so a slight mark was visible. 
However, Justin was so angry at the moment that he glared at her, ignoring the red mark. Jean, Shannon, and Bethany did not expect Bella to be so arrogant in front of Justin.
###chapter74
Bella was not easy to mess with. 
“Listen up. From now on, Rosalind and I are enemies! If I go back on my word, I’ll be smashed to pieces like this bracelet.” Bella gritted her teeth and slowly opened her palm. 
Justin felt a little suffocated for a moment. He saw that her palms and the fragments of the jade bracelet were bloody. 
He knew that Bella liked the bracelet. 
That was why she kept holding onto it, even if it was broken. She probably did not even notice that her hand was injured. 
Justin felt a fluctuation of emotions in his chest. 
He stared deeply at Bella’s face, which was full of resentment. His eyes were gloomy, and a crack seemed to form in his heart. 
“Ms. Brown! Your hands are bleeding!” 
Ryan shouted and rummaged through all his pockets, looking for a handkerchief or a tissue to help bandage her wound. 
However, Ryan could not find any. 
Justin had a handkerchief in his breast pocket. He closed his eyelids and clenched his fingers, but he found that he could not muster the courage to take it out and give it to her.
At this time, a faint fragrance floated by when a graceful figure in a dark green dress that was made of a luxurious material passed by. 
Bella was stunned. At this moment, Mila had walked up to Bella, picked up the broken jade pieces in Bella’s palm, and put them into Bella’s suit pocket. She then carefully bandaged Bella’s wounds with 
a white handkerchief. 
‘Aunt Mila…’ 
There were tears in Bella’s eyes. Bella almost called out Mila’s name, but she bit her lip and held back. 
“It’s a pity that such a beautiful hand is wounded.” Mila remained calm, but she was in fact so furious that she wanted to rip the Salvador family apart. 
“Long time no see, Mrs. Thompson. You’re getting more beautiful with time!” 
Shannon’s expression changed instantly. She hurriedly greeted Mila and pretended to be familiar 
with her. 
“How are you, Mrs. Thompson?” Jean also greeted Mila with a smile and had a flattering attitude. 
After all, after Wyatt Thompson’s first wife passed away, the outside world believed that Mila, as 
Wyatt’s second mistress, became his legitimate wife. Thus, most people tried to curry favor with her. 
Moreover, Mila was the youngest daughter of the Larson family. Even if she cut off ties with her family to be with Wyatt, she was still a wealthy lady of noble birth. Jean and Shannon could not hold a 
candle to her.
“Mrs. Salvador.” 
Mila did not want to talk to anyone at first. But she had to show a bit of respect to Gregory Salvador’s 
wife to avoid conflict. 
Mila treated Jean as an invisible person and did not greet her. 
Jean’s expression froze in embarrassment because Mila did not acknowledge her. 
“Mrs. Thompson, do you know Ms. Brown? Ms. Brown came to the auction in place of Mr. Thompson. She spent an impressive amount of money too, so I’m sure you noticed her.” 
Shannon saw that Mila was particularly concerned about Bella, so she had some doubts in her heart. She did not know the depth of their relationship and decided to test Mila’s reaction. 
“Of course, I know her. Asher invited her here.’ ]} 
Mila knew that Shannon had bad intentions. So she gave an ambiguous answer to see how Shannon would react. 
“Then you must not know Ms. Brown well enough, right?” 
“Do I need to understand her well?” Mila’s smile did not reach her 
“I think it’s necessary.” 
eyes. 
Shannon smiled and said, “Ms. Brown will soon become the wife of KS Group’s CEO. She’ll be your family then.”
“Oh? Is Ms. Brown Asher’s girlfriend?” Mila raised an eyebrow. 
“Yeah. When Ms. Brown and Justin got divorced, she left the house in Mr. Thompson’s car. Sigh… I was worried about her at the time. After all, she’s just a country girl who doesn’t have any family in Richworth. What would happen to her if she left Justin? But I felt relieved when I saw that Mr. Thompson would take care of her.” Shannon looked at Bella with a smile. 
Mila narrowed her clear eyes, and the air around her turned colder.
###chapter75
Bella’s expression remained unchanged. 
Bella knew how insidious and duplicitous Shannon could be. What Shannon was hinting at Mila was that Bella was a divorced and gold-digging country girl who liked to seduce rich men. 
Jean, Shannon, and their daughters laughed sinisterly. 
The Thompson family and the Salvador family were at odds with each other. As the eldest son of Wyatt Thompson, Asher had a high social status and could get any kind of woman he wanted. How could he take a fancy to Justin Salvador’s ex-wife? 
It would only make Asher a laughingstock. 
Justin frowned slightly. His dazzling eyes were filled with anger. “Aunt Shannon, this is my private matter. You have no right to comment on it.” 
“Justin, although this is your private matter, it’s also related to the reputation of the Salvador family and the Thompson family. I’m only telling Mrs. Thompson this so that she won’t be startled to find out that Anna is your ex-wife in the future. I’m just doing it for everyone’s good!” Shannon kept talking nonsense. 
“The reputation of our families? Didn’t Ms. Brown divorce Mr. Salvador? Divorce means that she no longer has any relationship with your family. Mrs. Salvador, why do you still think that what Ms. Brown does will embarrass your family?” 
Mila smiled coldly. “Does it mean that she has signed her life to you before marrying into the Salvador family? Is she forever tied to your family? There is nothing shameful about Ms. Brown marrying Asher if they are fit for each other. Do you think the Thompson family won’t accept her just because she is
divorced? What era are we in now? Mrs. Salvador, you should be more open-minded about these things.” 
As soon as Mila said this, Ryan applauded. It was such a relief to hear Mila diss Shannon. 
Jean, Rosalind, and Bethany looked shocked as they stood there in embarrassment, not daring to say a word. 
They all thought that Mila was being overprotective of Anna. 
“Mrs. Thompson, you’re also from a wealthy family, so you must understand what I mean, right?” 
When Shannon saw that Mila did not fall for her trick, she was embarrassed and anxious. Her face turned red. “Ms. Brown got together with Mr. Thompson as soon as she divorced Justin. If word of this spreads, people will think that Ms. Brown had an illicit relationship with Mr. Thompson while still married to Justin. That’s embarrassing. Mrs. Thompson, now that you are the matriarch of the Thompson family, you should plan for your children’s future, don’t you think?” 
“That’s enough!” 
Mila frowned and raised her slender hand. She was more graceful than Shannon could ever be. “This 
is between the children. Although I am an elder, I am not Asher’s mother, so I have no right to interfere. Mrs. Salvador, you’re not Mr. Salvador’s birth mother, right? Don’t you think what you’re saying is disrespectful?” 
“I…” Shannon was rendered speechless. 
“Also, Wyatt is my partner, but I am not the matriarch of the Thompson family. I don’t want to hear this from you again, Mrs. Salvador.”
Mila’s stern words were so frightening that Shannon’s face turned as white as paper. Her expression was also stiff. 
Bella bit her red lips and felt a soreness in her nose. 
There would only be one matriarch in the Thompson family, and that was Bella’s mother. 
Justin’s thin lips turned white, and his cold eyes flickered. 
He did not like Anna and was married to her in name only. She even caused trouble for him and provoked him time and time again. 
However, when Shannon ridiculed her harshly, he felt as if his dignity was being trampled on. 
“Ms. Brown, are you going to see Asher? I’ll take you there.” Mila’s gentle eyes fell on Bella. 
“Thank you, Mrs. Thompson. Sorry to trouble you.” Bella smiled tenderly, like a prim and proper lady. 
“You’re such a polite and beautiful girl.” 
Mila took Bella’s hand and caressed it gently. She said loudly on purpose, “Asher has really good taste to choose you as his girlfriend.”
###chapter76
“Wait!” Justin called out. 
After hearing what Bella said, Justin felt an inexplicable anger rise in his chest. He said calmly, “Ms. Brown, don’t you still owe me an apology?” 
Ryan sighed disapprovingly. He felt like taking off his socks and stuffing them into Justin’s mouth. 
Bella felt a dull pain in her heart. She looked back at him indifferently. 
Justin felt that her sharp and disappointed gaze had penetrated his soul. 
“It wasn’t Annie! It wasn’t Annie!” 
A sweet and soft voice appeared in time, catching those people with evil intentions by surprise. 
Bella’s eyes lit up when she looked toward the voice. 
“Carrie!” 
A girl wearing a simple white dress with a “cauliflower” head and a fair and delicate face ran toward them. 
This ridiculous hairstyle was Bethany’s “masterpiece”. 
In the Salvador family, Bethany had always seen Carrie as her imaginary enemy. 
Bethany was jealous that her sister was more beautiful than her. Thus, she tried every possible means to bully Carrie. As long as the two of them appeared in public, Bethany would purposely make her sister look ugly for fear that her sister would steal her limelight.
Carrie was an autistic child. As a result, she became more withdrawn as she grew older. In front of strangers, Carrie would always hunch her back and remain silent. 
In the three years that Bella was married to Justin, Bella was the only person, other than Wilma, who had given warmth to this neglected sister. 
After Bella left the Salvador family, she missed Carrie. 
Bella did not expect to meet Carrie here today and was excited to see her. 
“Stupid brat! What are you talking about?” 
Bethany glared at her sister fiercely. “Besides Rosalind, Anna was the only one in the bathroom at that time. If she didn’t do it, who else did?” 
“No, it’s not Annie! It’s not Annie!” Carrie was anxious and scared, and she was a little incoherent. 
“Carrie, mind your own business. Go and play by yourself!” Shannon looked at her youngest daughter with a reprimanding gaze. 
Carrie clenched her fists and walked up to her half-brother, looking at him nervously. 
“Justin! Annie didn’t do it!” 
“Carrie, why do you say that?” Justin’s tone was unprecedentedly gentle, especially when facing his younger sister. 
“I saw it! I… I was in the bathroom at the time! I saw it!” 
Everyone was shocked. Rosalind’s face turned ashen.
Bella was also stunned. She never expected Carrie to also be there when she was confronting Rosalind. 
“I saw… Ms. Gold came over to argue with Annie… Annie wanted to leave, but Ms. Gold wouldn’t let her 
Ms. Gold pulled Anna and took off her bracelet. Then Ms. Gold broke the bracelet… And then… Then Ms. Gold ran out, yelling… But Annie didn’t touch Ms. Gold! I saw it!” Carrie said this while gesturing with her hands in the air. Tears welled up in her eyes. 
“Carrie…” Bella’s heart trembled, and her eyes gradually turned red. 
Bella knew how timid Carrie was. But Carrie still stood up in front of a crowd for her sake, to tell the truth and defend Bella.
###chapter77
Justin’s piercing eyes narrowed as he focused on Rosalind’s pale face, as if a storm was brewing. 
He slowly let go of Rosalind’s hand. 
Rosalind felt like a drowning person who had just lost her life raft. She did not care about her wrist injury and hugged Justin’s waist in a hurry. “No, Justin! Anna provoked me first! I really didn’t mess with her! Carrie has always been sick in the head, so don’t believe her!” 
“Sick in the head? All Carrie has is a bad hairdo. She had clearly explained what happened between Anna and Rosalind.” Ryan sneered. However, he did not say anything too harsh for Justin’s sake. 
Even a playboy like Ryan looked down on Rosalind, but Justin regarded that scheming bitch as his treasure. It was as if he was bewitched by her. 
“Anna didn’t hurt you, right?” Justin took a breath. He sounded tense. 
In front of Carrie, the witness, Rosalind dared not lie anymore. She was covered in a cold sweat. 
“So, you wrongly accused Anna?” 
Justin felt like his breathing was heavy and that his heart had been stabbed a thousand times. 
“No, it’s not that…” 
Rosalind was so frightened that her body trembled. Suddenly, her vision went dark. She lost blood and was so nervous that she fainted. 
This farce ended hastily, with Rosalind being carried into an ambulance.
When Steven rushed over in a hurry, Bella was walking with Mila to the underground parking lot. 
“Ms. Bella! I’m sorry that I wasn’t with you when this happened.” 
Steven was shocked to see the white silk handkerchief in Bella’s left hand that was stained with blood. “Why are you injured? Who did it? I’ll cut him!” 
“It’s okay, Steve. I know you’ve gone to deal with the company’s affairs. This is just a minor 
problem.” 
As she said that, Bella turned to look at Mila gratefully. “Aunt Mila helped me solve it.” 
“I didn’t solve anything… As an elder, I should’ve done more for you.” 
Mila remembered how the Salvadors bombarded Bella and felt indignant. “Bella, why didn’t you reveal your identity to them? Why do you have to endure all that? You should say that you’re Wyatt Thompson’s daughter and make them pay the price for messing with you!” 
Bella shook her head lightly. “Aunt Mila, I have already left the Salvador family, so I don’t want them 
to know anything about me. No matter how dirty, bad, or hateful those people were, they would always remain in Anna Brown’s life. I’m Bella Thompson now, and they will never get involved in my life, including Justin.” 
Steven was dumbfounded. It was only then that he realized Mila also knew about Bella’s marriage to Justin. 
“Right. There’s no limit to suffering. It’s good that you finally understand their true colors and let the past go.”
Mila pursed her lips and could not help but smile. “Fortunately, Sasha didn’t come today. Otherwise, that would have turned into a bloody storm.” 
“Aunt Sasha is indeed a straightforward and hot-tempered person who acts on emotion.” 
The two women from the Thompson family laughed for a while. Suddenly, Mila held Bella in her arms and sobbed. 
Her voice choked up as she said, “Bella, I still feel aggrieved for you… 
“I’m fine.” 
Bella’s 
eyes turned red as she smiled softly to comfort Mila. “With all of you supporting me, I don’t feel aggrieved at all.”
###chapter78
Rosalind was transferred to the general ward after going into the emergency room. 
The doctor said she was fine. The wound was not shallow, but it was not deep enough to require stitches. 
The main reason she fainted was due to excessive stress. 
“Rose! You’re finally awake!” 
Jean was crying beside the hospital bed, as if Rosalind were already dead. “I thought I would never see you again!” 
“That’s enough. Stop crying. Justin isn’t here anymore. Who are you crying so loudly for? It’s hurting my ears.” 
Shannon looked impatient and stood in front of the window with her arms folded across her chest. ” Have you figured out how to deal with this incident?” 
“What incident?” Jean wiped away her tears and asked in confusion. 
“Hah! Is there something else that you’ve screwed up?” 
Shannon clicked her tongue and looked at her incompetent sister with contempt. “You’re a bunch of useless fools! I’ve already tried my best to help you. Could your daughter have been with Justin if it wasn’t for me? Do you think a pea-brain like you will be able to marry your daughter into a wealthy family? Dream on!”
Rosalind was also holding back her resentment. She was also blaming her mother for not being careful. 
To supplement the Gold family, Jean sold the necklace that Justin gave Rosalind. If Jean had not sold that necklace, it would not have landed up at the pawn shop, and the Thompsons would not have put it up for auction. This incident put a damper on Rosalind’s relationship with Justin. 
“Shannon, it’s also partly your fault!” 
Shannon had always scolded Jean since they were children. Facing Shannon’s reproach in front of her daughter, Jean felt embarrassed and angry. “Rose and I were playing along so well just now. We’ve already defeated that little bitch, Anna, but your youngest daughter came out at the critical moment to undermine us. If Carrie hadn’t gotten involved, we wouldn’t have ended up like this!” 
“How did I know that Carrie would be in the bathroom? You two, Rose. I taught you better than this. Why are you so careless when you’re doing something like this? You didn’t even know that someone else was present!” 
Shannon was furious. This incident was partly her responsibility, but she could only blame it on Rosalind for being careless. 
Rosalind pouted in frustration and remained silent. 
“Anyway, it’s a he-said-she-said situation. There’s no evidence to prove that Rose inflicted this 
injury on herself. Rose, if Justin asks, just play dumb. Justin has feelings for you, so he’ll brush this aside.” 
Shannon rubbed her temples and said coldly, “If not, I have a way to make Justin forgive you for what you did.”
“Thanks, Aunt Shannon…” 
Rosalind thought of how Mila protected Anna earlier. Her face twisted with jealousy as she said, ” Does Anna have a kid with Asher? Is that why everyone in the Thompson family is so nice to her? Why did Mrs. Thompson protect her like that? It sounded like Anna was her daughter! If this continues, Anna will go over our heads soon!” 
Shannon’s face turned glum at the mention of Mila. 
“Mila is just a mistress. I only called her Mrs. Thompson out of respect, but she dares to be rude to me!” 
“Yeah! Aunt Shannon, you’re Gregory’s legal wife. How can Mila compare to you?” Rosalind was flattering Shannon because she had to keep herself in Shannon’s good graces so that she could marry into the Salvador family. 
Jean sneered and thought to herself, ‘How dare she call someone else a mistress when she’s also a mistress? If Justin’s birth mother wasn’t so stupid to be fooled by Shannon, she would never have been able to marry into the Salvador family!’ 
“I won’t let Anna get her way by marrying into the Thompson family. What’s the use of trying to please Mila anyway? Mila’s a nobody.” 
Shannon narrowed her eyes coldly. “People will only recognize Mila if Wyatt Thompson does. I heard from Greg that Wyatt Thompson is very difficult to deal with. He always cares about the family’s reputation. Asher is his eldest son whom he trained as his successor, so he won’t allow his son to marry a country bumpkin! We have a long way to go. I’ll let that bitch off for a few days before I make her cry.”
As soon as Shannon finished speaking, the door to the ward suddenly opened. 
A strong chill permeated the room as Justin’s tall figure stood by the door frame. 
“Justin…” Rosalind was frightened. She looked so pitiful. 
“I have something to ask you.” 
Rosalind clenched the bedsheets and glanced at Shannon for help. 
“Justin, Rose fainted from excessive stress and just woke up. If you have anything to say, wait until 
she recovers.” Shannon hurriedly persuaded Justin. 
“There are some things that I must be clear about.” Justin did not give in at all. His thin lips curled into a cold and stern arc.
###chapter79
“Mr. Salvador… It’s all my fault! I’m not a good mother!” 
Jean thought that it would be better to take the blame instead of having Justin interrogate them. She did not want this matter to affect her daughter’s future marriage to a wealthy family. 
Thus, Jean rushed over, looking remorseful, and knelt in front of Justin. “My family is in trouble. We don’t have capital investments, and our factories are closing down one after another… Your family refused to help when the Thompsons pushed us too hard. We were really desperate… So my husband and I decided to sell some of our belongings to fill the gap. I took Rose’s jewelry and sold it off. Rose didn’t know about it! If I had known that this necklace was your token of love for Rose, I would never have sold it, even if I’d die of poverty and starvation!” 
Rosalind breathed a sigh of relief and pretended to be innocent, with tears in her eyes. “Mom… You went overboard… That was my favorite necklace… How could you…” 
However, Justin’s eyes were indifferent. He parted his thin lips and said, “That’s not what I want to ask.” 
The necklace was nothing compared to Rosalind wrongly accusing Anna. 
Although he was sad and irritated to see his hard work being wasted, he could still understand that Rosalind did this to save her family from disaster. 
However, he could not let it go if Rosalind was framing an innocent person. 
“Did you cut your own wrist? Or did Anna do it? Did you accidentally break Anna’s bracelet, or did you deliberately take it off and break it?” Justin’s tone was deep, and his eyes were blank. 
“Justin… Are you saying that I’m a wicked woman who framed Anna?!”
Rosalind cried. “I’ve been by your side for so long… Am I not as good as your ex-wife, who lied to you?” 
Justin furrowed his eyebrows. “Carrie never lies. She said that she didn’t see Anna touching you.” 
“Carrie is not of sound mind, and she has poor language skills. Justin, you know that she’s always hiding in corners. We can’t just assume that she saw everything clearly.” Shannon hurriedly came out to smooth things over. 
Justin sneered. “Will mothers hurt their own daughters in front of outsiders? I don’t have a mother, so I don’t know how it usually works.” 
Shannon’s face suddenly turned pale. 
“This bastard is really good at dissing me!’ 
“So, Rose, why did you do this? Since I have chosen you, I will not get back together with Anna. Why are you still causing trouble for her?” 
Justin suppressed his anger. The growing disappointment bound his heart like a heavy shackle, making it hard to beat. 
He was still calling her “Rose” because they were childhood sweethearts for twenty years. She was his grace and redemption. After all, Rosalind was the only ray of light that shone through his dark 
childhood. 
Justin was afraid that this light would go out. He was very afraid that the person he chose to bet everything on was the wrong woman for him. 
“I didn’t! It’s not me!”
Rosalind yelled and patted the mattress wildly. Her normally gentle eyes were bloodshot and ferocious. “She stole my man! Now she wants to frame me! Bethany said that Anna and Carrie had been friends since Anna was staying at Tideview Manor… They must have teamed up to go against me! Justin, would you rather believe them than me? Have you fallen in love with Anna? Do you not want me anymore?!” 
“I have always been yours. Even during the three years of marriage to Anna, my feelings for you haven’t changed, and I have never touched her.” 
Justin clenched his fists with all his strength. His eyes dimmed. 
He thought of Anna, who took the blame without hesitation when questioned, and recalled the red marks on her wrist. He also thought of her disappointment when she looked back at him with tears and hatred in her eyes. 
Justin took a deep breath. His severe headache made his vision blurry. “But Rose, I don’t understand what you’ve been doing recently. Are you trying to push me toward her?” 
“No, no! It’s not like that, Justin…” 
When Rosalind saw Justin leaving without looking back, she turned pale with fright, jumped out of bed, and ran to the door. 
However, the door slammed in her face, and she could feel a cold whiff of wind. 
Rosalind stared at her scarlet eyes and kicked the door of the ward angrily. However, she used so much force that she started to scream in pain and hop on the spot. 
‘Anna! I won’t let you go! I’ll show you what it means to be my enemy!’
###chapter80
ACE was a luxury club owned by Ryan. 
At night, Justin felt depressed, so for the first time, he called Ryan out for a drink. 
Ryan drove to pick him up in person. After all, Justin had only taken the initiative to hang out with him a handful of times since they were young. 
“Sometimes I feel like your mistress.” 
Ryan leaned into Justin’s ear and muttered. In front of outsiders, he was an unstinting emperor, but in front of Justin, he was a nagging mistress. 
“I’ve never felt like this with women, but with you, I just feel so neglected. At the same time, I’ll be at your beck and call. I always come to accompany you as soon as you call me. Look at what a nice friend I am! I’m so touched by myself!” 
“Have you never been this clingy to a woman?” 
Justin glanced at him coldly. “I think you’re quite clingy in front of Anna.” 
“Well, she’s the first because she’s such an outstanding woman. I really can’t help myself.” 
Justin felt his eyebrows twitch. He moved his thin lips and resisted the urge to curse at him. 
At this time, two sexy girls walked past them. One of them even winked at Ryan. 
Ryan squinted his eyes and licked his upper teeth. 
“She’s not as sexy as her.”
“Who are you referring to? Your ex-wife?!” 
Ryan was so shocked that his eyes bulged out. “Damn! Justin, are you no longer a virgin? Didn’t you say that you only have a contract marriage with Anna? I knew it! Men are such liars. But I feel you… You had such a high-class beauty like Anna by your side back then. You’re not impotent either.” 
Justin was startled by his own passing comment and clenched the whiskey glass tightly. 
It felt like he had really seen Anna’s body and had sex with her before. 
“I have never touched her, so don’t think too much about it.” 
Justin felt his cheeks warm. His Adam’s apple bobbed as he took another sip of wine. 
‘Damn it! How could I have such illicit thoughts about that woman?!’ 
After three rounds of drinks, Ryan could not help but ask, “Justin, can I ask you something? I’ve always been confused.” 
“What?” 
“Why Rosalind?” 
Ryan hugged Justin’s neck and felt sorry for Anna. “You saw what happened today. Those women 
were like vultures trying to eat Anna alive! If Carrie hadn’t appeared in time to testify for Anna, she would have taken the blame like that. How pitiful is that?” 
Justin was in a daze as he recalled his past. 
“Back then, my mother committed suicide by jumping off a building. She had depression and couldn’t stand Gregory’s cold shoulder and the rumors going around. Those were also my darkest days. I was
so immersed in grief that I even wanted to follow in my mother’s footsteps and leave this world. I’ve attempted suicide before.” 
As he spoke, Justin untied his metal watch strap to reveal a long and shocking scar. 
He had kept this a secret for twenty years, and Ryan was the first person Justin confided in about it. 
Ryan took a deep breath and felt a pain in his heart. 
“Rose found out in time and saved me. From then on, she became my only friend. She would make snacks for me, invite me to her home, and give me the toys she collected. Back then, she was the person God sent to redeem me. She became my only hope for survival. I promised that I would marry her, so no matter what, I would keep that promise.” 
Ryan suddenly understood why Justin was so obsessed with Rosalind. He sighed and said, “But Justin, people change. You haven’t been with her for a long time. Do you think that you still understand who she is? What should you do if you gradually find that she’s no longer the same person in your memory? Do you still want to stick with her? She has saved you before, but you can repay her in other ways. You can’t just ignore our morals to cover up her evil deeds. It’s a separate matter altogether, don’t you think?” 
Justin put his watch on again. His eyes were gloomy. 
He once again thought about Anna’s tearful eyes, which were crystal clear and pure without intentions. 
His heart trembled, but he just lowered his head and drank. 
any bad 
“Sigh… You’re such a stubborn man. Once you’ve made up your mind, it’s quite impossible to hold you back.”
Ryan pursed his lips helplessly. “Well, I guess the only woman who is more important to you than Rosalind is that little dove you’ve been looking for all these years, right?” 
Hearing Ryan mention that little dove, Justin had a flashback, and his eyes lit 
“Do you have news of her whereabouts?” 
1. 
“Like 
you, I have been sending my people to investigate, but the information you gave is too vague. You didn’t even see her face clearly. Even if I’go to the police station to find a first-class profiler, it’s a lost cause.” Ryan shrugged his shoulders. 
Justin’s eyes dimmed as he recalled the thin girl who dragged him to safety a long way across the battlefield in Kridor. 
He had been looking for her for five years, but there was no news of her. 
“I really don’t know if I will ever see her again in my lifetime.” 
“If you see her, how will you treat her?” 
“I’ll repay her, of course. She’s my savior.” Justin answered seriously. 
“She and Rosalind are your saviors. What if this little dove also loves you? Will you pledge yourself to her?” Ryan asked jokingly with his hand on his chin. 
“Gratitude and love are two different things. We must not get confused.” Justin’s voice was muffled.
“Oh, I’m glad you know this.” Ryan’s tone was a little mocking as he clinked glasses with Justin. 
After coming out of the club, their luxury cars were already waiting at the door. Their drivers opened the door for them. 
“Ryan, I have a question.” Justin held it in all night and finally could not help but ask him. 
“Huh?” Ryan yawned. 
Justin paused and said in a hoarse voice, “Why did Anna admit it if she didn’t do it? Why didn’t she explain herself?” 
“Maybe she just doesn’t care anymore,” Ryan said casually. He was tired. 
“What doesn’t she care about?” Justin asked. 
“She has divorced you, so why would she still care about what you think of her? If she doesn’t care about you, why would she care about your stupid family? She’s probably given up on you. Also, as her ex-husband, you were so hurtful and harsh toward her. If I were Anna, I would have hired someone to secretly beat you up.” 
Ryan said goodbye to Justin and got into his luxury car. 
Justin clenched his fists so tightly that his knuckles turned white. He felt suffocated, like he was being strangled.
###chapter81
After returning from the charity auction, Bella locked herself in the room and refused to come out. It 
was a rare occurrence. 
At night, Asher and Axel went to the villa to visit their sister. Although Bella went down to see them, she was feeling drained and exhausted. 
“Bella, I heard about what happened at the auction.” 
Asher hurriedly stepped forward and gently took his sister’s gauze-wrapped hand. He stroked her hand over and over again in distress. “How is your wound? Did Steve take care of you and change the dressing? Does it still hurt? Is there any infection?” 
“I’ve studied medicine, so I can handle it on my own. Steve has enough things to worry about. I don’t want to trouble him with such a minor thing.” Bella retracted her hand and muttered. 
“Steve is getting more unreliable! If we hadn’t gone home and met Aunt Mila, we would’ve been kept in the dark about this! Why didn’t you tell us that the Salvadors bullied you at the auction?” 
Axel’s eyes were filled with hatred. “I will deliver a summons to Salvador Corporation tomorrow. Asher, please contact KS Group’s legal team and formally sue those old witches for defamation! I’ll burn their asses! Damn it! If we don’t show them how powerful we are, they’ll continue to bully Bella!” 
“Forget it. This is nothing.” 
Bella leaned feebly on her eldest brother’s broad shoulders. She said in a soft voice, “Do you think that Salvador Corporation doesn’t have its own legal team? If this gets too big, Wyatt will hear of it,
and I can’t afford that!” 
Bella was more afraid that her father would find out about her and Justin. 
Wyatt would not hit her, but he would probably get so angry that he might get a heart attack. Even though he looked tough, he was still an elderly man. Belle did not want her father to worry about this. 
However, Bella would not just let Rosalind get away with it. 
Bella looked at the wound on her hand and thought of the jade bracelet that she had spent two days repairing. Her eyes turned red again. 
“Declan was so anxious to hear that you were injured. He’s now trying to find a way to come back from the army. Drew is already on his way back. He’ll be home soon.” Asher hugged his sister and gently stroked her black hair. 
“It’s just a scratch! How could you tell Declan and Drew about this? They hold high positions and have heavy responsibilities. How could they push off their duty just because of such a trivial matter?” 
Bella’s cheeks turned red with anxiety. She hurriedly took out her phone and sent an angry voice not to the Thompson Family Secret Bureau group chat. 
“Whoever dares to come back now, I will ignore him for a year!” 
Declan replied. [Bella, I have already asked for permission to leave…] 
“I don’t care! If you come back, I’ll disown you as my brother. Try me!” 
Drew kept quiet. 
“Well… I don’t think you can stop Drew. He’s probably…”
Axel pointed upward. “Flying right now.” 
Bella held her forehead in distress. 
Drew had always liked to surprise Bella since they were children. He was also very introverted. 
If Drew were around, he would have pampered Bella more than her other brothers. 
“I don’t care! I’ll just ignore him!” 
Bella pursed her lips and fiddled with Asher’s crystal cufflinks. “Asher, can you take me back to Hatchbay later? I want to go to the Meteor Atelier.” 
Carrie stood up to testify for Anna, offending Shannon, Jean, and Rosalind in the process. 
She had been walking on thin ice at home, but now Carrie felt like she was being grilled over a fire. 
“Stupid girl! Did that bumpkin bribe you? Are you her spy?!” 
(( 
Bethany was drunk and rushed into Carrie’s bedroom. She bared her teeth and yelled at Carrie. You’re such an ingrate! I thought you were silly and innocent, but I didn’t expect you to pretend all this time! You’re a wolf in sheep’s clothing, just hiding your strength and biding your time, right? Then you can strike when you get the opportunity. You’ll start to make trouble when you think you’re powerful enough, right?” 
“I… I’m not a wolf! I didn’t lie. I didn’t get bribed… I told the truth!” 
Carrie’s face turned pale with fright. She hugged her favorite teddy bear tightly. “You… You bullied Annie… I don’t want you to bully Annie!”
That teddy bear was a limited-edition toy that Bella specially bought from Regarton. To buy the toy, Bella got up early and queued for six hours in the rain. Carrie loved it so much that she would sleep with it every night. 
“Hmph! How dare you talk back to me?! Go to hell!” 
Bethany grabbed her sister’s silky hair with such force, looking like she wanted to tear off Carrie’s scalp. 
“Ah! Ouch! It hurts!” 
“Who allowed you to perm your hair?! Do you not remember what I told you?! You’re not allowed to perm your hair without my permission!” Bethany’s eyes were wide open as she shook Carrie’s head vigorously. 
Bethany was not angry because what Rosalind did had nothing to do with her. 
What Bethany hated was that Ryan, whom she had pined after, took the initiative to talk to Carrie when they exited the Platinum Auction House that day. 
Not only that, Ryan even touched Carrie’s “cauliflower” head and smiled at her. 
When Bethany witnessed that scene, she was so jealous that she wanted to use a clipper to shave off all of Carrie’s hair. 
“Hah! I know what your plan is! You’re not really trying to help that country bumpkin. You just want to pretend to be an angel in front of Ryan and seduce him, right?!”
###chapter82
“I… I…” Carrie’s eyes were full of tears as she choked up. 
“You just want to go against us. We don’t like Anna, so you want to help her. Is that so you can show that you’re different and righteous?!” 
Bethany’s delicate face was contorted at the moment. “Stop trying so hard! Ryan can’t possibly like a fool like you!” 
“Ms. Bethany! What are you doing?” Wilma rushed in and hugged Carrie, who was crying loudly. 
The other servants in Tideview Manor had long been accustomed to this kind of scene, and no one dared to stop Bethany. 
Wilma was the only one who dared to stand up for Carrie because she had been working for Justin for the longest time and could not stand the way Bethany bullied Carrie. 
“Wilma, get out! It’s none of your business!” Bethany was also angry with Wilma. 
“I think you should leave!” 
While Wilma comforted the trembling Carrie, she shot a warning look at Bethany and said, “If you walk out of this door now, I’ll pretend that I didn’t see a thing. Otherwise, I will tell Young Master Justin exactly how you bullied Ms. Carrie when he comes back!” 
Bethany trembled and gritted her teeth unwillingly. 
If Justin knew what Bethany was like at home, he would definitely tell his best friend, Ryan. If Justin interfered, it would be more difficult for Bethany to pursue Ryan.
Considering this, Bethany had to stop. 
However, she was still upset. Before leaving, she snatched the bear from Carrie’s arms and threw it out the window. 
“Ah! My teddy!” 
“This ragdoll is such an eyesore!” 
Bethany snorted coldly, flipped her wavy hair, and left the room as if nothing had happened. 
Carrie did not even bother to put on her shoes before running out of the villa barefoot. 
At that time, Justin returned to Tideview Manor and was startled to see Carrie’s anxious face. 
“Carrie, what happened?” Justin stepped forward to stop her and frowned in worry. 
Although Justin hated Shannon and Bethany, he still pitied Carrie. 
Justin was also impressed that this weak little girl stood up to speak for Anna that day. 
“My teddy… My teddy is gone…” Carrie was so anxious that tears and snot streamed down her face. 
“Don’t worry. I’ll help you find it.” 
Justin led Carrie to the backyard. 
Finally, they spotted a teddy bear lying in a muddy flower bed. 
Justin, who always liked to keep his leather shoes spotless, could not care less about the mud and stepped into the flower bed to retrieve the bear.
The teddy bear was so dirty that it was unrecognizable, but Carrie still held it like a treasure. She hugged it tightly and sobbed as tears fell from her face. 
Justin had never been a soft-hearted person, but he could not help but feel sorry for Carrie when he 
saw her like this. 
“It’s so dirty. Why don’t you throw it away? I’ll buy a new one for you tomorrow.” 
“No… I want this one… Annie gave it to me… It’s my favorite toy!” 
Justin’s chest trembled. He did not expect Carrie to like Anna so much. 
Carrie thought of Anna’s kindness to her in the past. Without him, every day in this huge manor was arduous. Her father neglected her, her mother ignored her, and her sister bullied her. 
“Justin!” 
The little girl threw herself into Justin’s arms and burst into tears. “Can you ask Annie to come back? I miss her so much… Can you stay together?” 
Justin’s thin lips trembled. His throat felt bitter. 
He stroked Carrie’s hair with his big hands and could not say a word because he was afraid of hurting 
Carrie even more. 
At this time, his phone rang. 
Nigel’s call interrupted his thoughts. 
“Grandpa.”
“Why can’t I get through to Anna again?” 
Nigel became more childlike as he got older. On the other end of the phone, Nigel sounded so anxious that he was about to cry. “What’s going on with Anna? I can’t find her lately. She doesn’t come to see me either! Does Anna no longer want me anymore?! You stupid brat! It’s all your fault! If Anna is ignoring me because of you, I’ll disown you!” 
“Grandpa, Anna will not abandon you. Don’t overthink it.” Justin rubbed his temples. His handsome face was gloomy. 
“Hurry up and help me contact Anna! I want to see my precious granddaughter-in-law! Go and find her!”
###chapter83
That night, Asher, Axel, and Bella left Savrow and returned to Hatchbay. 
The two cities were not far apart. It was only a less-than-two-hour drive on the highway. 
Savrow was the economic center of the country, with abundant resources and broad development prospects. Everyone wanted a piece of this land. 
However, Hatchbay was different. Hatchbay had only belonged to one family for hundreds of years- the Thompson family. 
The Thompson family created jobs to support at least one-third of Hatchbay’s population. Thus, Wyatt Thompson was known as the “Uncrowned Emperor” of Hatchbay. Without the Thompson, Hatchbay would be an ordinary, second-tier city. Its economy would not be able to develop so rapidly, either. 
The Thompson siblings arrived at the antique Meteor Atelier. 
“Ah! Ms. Bella! When did you come back?!” 
An old man in his sixties came to the door to greet them excitedly. He was the manager of Meteor Atelier, Tony. 
Tony was the youngest son of Wyatt’s nanny. He and Wyatt grew up playing together and had such a close relationship that they were inseparable. 
Tony did not have any big ambitions. Wyatt’s driver bought three houses in Savrow just from listening to Wyatt’s calls every day. However, Tony was not interested in an investment career. He did not want to get married or have children, so he stayed in the Meteor Atelier alone. Instead, he spent all his time with jadeite stones and enjoyed his time in nature.”
“Uncle Tony, how are you? Do your legs still hurt when it rains? Is your asthma better? How do you like the medicine that I asked Steve to send you a while ago?” 
Bella’s bright eyes arched into tiny crescents as she held Tony’s arm affectionately. 
“It’s great! I’m fine… But nothing feels better than having you back here!” Tony was so happy that he teared up. 
“Actually, I came here this time to ask you for a favor…” 
Bella sighed quietly and got straight to the point. “A good friend of mine gave me a gift, but I broke it. 
I was afraid that he would be sad if he found out, so I wanted to create a replica…” 
“What is it?” 
Bella pursed her red lips and carefully took out a vintage jewelry bag, revealing the jade bracelet fragments inside. 
“Oh! This is a high-grade material. It’s one in a thousand. What a pity!” Tony was a jade connoisseur. 
He was heartbroken when he saw the broken jade. 
“I also know how rare this material is, but I’d still like to try it. How many pure jadeites do you have here now?” Bella asked. 
“More than five hundred stones.” 
“I’ll open them all tonight.” 
“What?!” Tony almost spat out blood.
Asher cleared his throat in embarrassment, and Axel silently reached for his phone in his pocket, ready to call the emergency services at any time. 
Bella was always like that, saying such earth-shattering words in the calmest tone. 
“No, no, no, no! Are you trying to kill me?!” Tony stomped his feet anxiously, looking just like Wyatt when Wyatt lost his temper. 
“You’re exaggerating. You keep these stones as a hobby, and you don’t need them to make a living. Tell me what compensation you want if I want to open all of them?” 
Bella thought about how Drew disobeyed her, so she wanted to punish him. Thus, she changed her mind and said, “Charge to my fourth brother’s account. Just tell him to pay double the amount. He has the money anyway and doesn’t know what to do with it.” 
Tony covered his chest and leaned back listlessly. 
Asher and Axel quickly supported the old man. 
The Thompson family had four gardens in Hatchbay, namely Moon Garden, Cloud Garden, Mist Garden, and Meteor Garden. 
Meteor Garden was simple in design, with changing natural scenery throughout the garden. It was first spotted by the renowned professional jade carver, Jayden. However, Wyatt spent $1 billion to buy it over from the owner, which made Jayden so angry that he almost expelled Tony from his apprenticeship. It was all because Tony was friends with Wyatt. 
Half a month later, on Jayden’s 60th birthday, Wyatt gifted him Meteor Garden, and their misunderstanding was resolved. It turns out that Wyatt only bought Meteor Garden as a surprise gift
for Jayden from the beginning. 
Now that Jayden had passed away, Tony inherited the atelier as Jayden’s apprentice. Tony remained 
at Meteor Garden to this day. 
Bella followed Tony to the warehouse to prepare the materials while her brothers were sitting in the front hall drinking tea. 
“Bella is too concerned about the Salvador family. I’m jealous.” Axel pouted in displeasure. 
“Old Master Nigel is a highly respected elder. He has always liked Bella. Bella is also a sincere person who will repay every kindness she has received. It’s only natural that she wants to repay Old Master 
Niger for being kind to her, and I support her for that.” Asher sipped the tea slowly. His voice was deep and charming. 
“You support everything she does. I don’t believe you would support her being with that jerk Justin again!” 
“Humans can’t change destiny. Bella is a rebel. The more people oppose them being together, the more she wants to prove them wrong.” Asher sighed. 
“God is not that great at playing Cupid. My sister is so perfect. Even the son of the prime minister of a neighboring country isn’t worthy of her. But this bastard Justin actually broke her heart!” 
Axel scoffed. “But that’s good too. After all, Justin is the worst they can get. Bella won’t be so easily fooled the next time she meets fuckboys like him.” 
At this time, Asher’s phone vibrated on the table.
###chapter84
Asher glanced down and saw Justin’s name on the phone screen. 
“Mr. Salvador,” Asher answered the call in a cold voice. 
Axel frowned, got up from his chair, and listened in on their conversation. 
“Mr. Thompson, I’m looking for Anna. I have something to tell her.” Justin’s voice was low, with a hint of anxiety. 
“Anna is not free now. 
“Then when will she be free?” 
“For you, 
she’s never free.” 
Asher had always been harmonious and polite. However, when he dissed someone, he made sure to hit the nail on its head. 
Axel clenched his fists excitedly and thought, ‘Well said!’ 
On the other end of the phone, Justin felt attacked. His face was glum. 
“Since Anna has changed her number, it means that she doesn’t want you to contact her. Even if you haven’t finalized your divorce, you should stop harassing her if you have the basic decency of being a man. Secondly, I already know what happened at the charity auction.” 
Justin’s pupils shrank. His heart seemed like it was being strangled by a barbed wire.
Axel shuddered when he heard this. 
Asher was like that. He could seem like an angel one second, but the devil the next second. That was because he did not think that most things were worthy of his anger, except for his family. 
“About that…” 
“I don’t know what your bottom line is, but you have already crossed mine.” 
Asher’s words were sharp, and his gaze was fiery. “Anna is my only bottom line. This is the last time that I will answer your calls, Mr. Salvador. This is also the last time I’ll remind you to watch your fiancée and your family. Don’t let them harass Anna. If this happens again, I won’t let you off the hook.” 1 
Asher ended the call decisively after saying all that. 
At this moment, in Tideview Manor, Justin stood in front of the window and stared at the blacked-out screen. He clenched his phone, and he felt like someone was squeezing his heart. 
Asher was Justin’s only point of contact with Anna these days. Now that it was cut off, an unprecedented sense of emptiness overwhelmed him. Justin even panicked a little. 
This time, Anna might disappear from his life completely. 
He might never find her again. 
Justin felt an unbearable sadness in his heart. He hurriedly took out a cigarette case from the depth of the drawer which only had two cigarettes left. 
With trembling fingers, he took out one cigarette and held it between his thin lips. He lit it after several tries.
The orangey light at the tip of the cigarette flickered on and off. Justin thought that his behavior was becoming more strange. 
He had quit smoking for five years, but he broke his sobriety because of his ex-wife, whom he did not love at all. 
In the early morning, Bella was alone in the huge workshop of Meteor Atelier. She wore a black and went around the piles of stones. Her smooth forehead was beaded in sweat. 
apron 
Bella opened hundreds of stones and processed them to become polished bracelets. Any one of them could easily sell for at least five figures, but to her, it was worthless. 
None of them were similar! 
None of them could compare to the bracelet that Nigel gave her. 
4 
Bella’s eyes were red. She was biting her bottom lip as she polished the jade. Her delicate fingers were calloused, and the wound on her palm was aching, but she did not care at all. 
Bella just wanted to make an identical bracelet. Otherwise, she would not know how to face Nigel. 
At this time, there was a loud rumbling outside the warehouse that shook the iron gates. 
However, Bella did not care. She was only focused on these stones. 
Suddenly, the door flew open. A strong gust of wind made Bella squint her eyes.
In the darkness, a helicopter landed outside the door. The hatch slowly opened, and a man’s long legs appeared. The man’s black windbreaker flew in the wind, and his devilishly handsome face was 
beaming. 
“Bella! I’m back!”
###chapter85
Bella raised her eyelids and looked at the handsome man with tears in her almond-shaped eyes. 
The man strode forward and got on one knee in front of her. He raised his handsome and chiseled face to look at her affectionately. 
“I heard that you want to disown me.” He smiled devilishly and dotingly. 
“Drew…” Bella pursed her red lips and spoke in a soft voice. 
“Phew! At least you’re still willing to call my name. I’m relieved.” 
Drew Brown was Wyatt Thompson’s fourth son. He was dark and aloof, but in front of Bella, his eyes always lit up with joy. 
He wrapped a strong arm around his sister’s slim waist and reached into the pocket of his 
windbreaker. He took out a piece of chocolate, tore open the wrapping paper with his teeth, and fed it to Bella. 
“It’s a specialty from Ankora, your favorite. Try it.” 
“Drew!” 
Bella leaned against Drew’s broad chest and felt a surge of emotions rising. Tears filled her eyes and soaked the man’s black shirt. 
The reason for these tears was complicated-finally being reunited with her fourth brother after so long, guilt about breaking the bracelet Nigel gave her, hatred toward Rosalind, and sadness for not being able to make another jade bracelet.
Her tears were also partly due to the disappointment and heartache she felt toward Justin. 
“Bella? Are you crying?” Drew was startled, and he quietly stroked the back of her neck. 
“No…” Bella muttered. 
“My shirt is soaked with your tears, yet you’re still denying it?” 
“I said no!” 
Bella’s voice cracked, but she was still very stubborn and refused to admit that she cried. 
Drew knew that his little sister had strong self-esteem and had cried only a handful of times since she was a child, so he did not expose her. He quietly held her and coaxed her, all the while feeling distressed. 
He thought, ‘Bella, I’m back. I’ll kill that bastard Justin Salvador!’ 
by 
At this moment, Asher and Axel stood side by side outside the door, looking at the loving brother and sister. 
Axel gritted his teeth in jealousy. “Damn it! This punk snaked his way back again! Why doesn’t Bella ever cry like this with me? This punk comes back once in a blue moon and just steals her away from us. What right does he have?!” 
“The helicopter landed in Meteor Atelier, causing quite significant damage to the floor tiles and trees. In Meteor Garden.” 
Asher lowered his eyes slightly, sighed, and shook his head. “I’ll tell Drew later that the landscaping and renovation costs will also be charged to his account.”
Bella struggled until dawn and finally made a satisfactory bracelet. She fell asleep on the pile of stones without knowing it. 
Tony picked out a good room for Bella to rest in. Drew carried his sister’s soft body on the bed under Axel’s watchful gaze. 
After covering his sister with a quilt and kissing her cheek, Drew exited the room with satisfaction and closed the door. 
“You’re such a miser. You fly all over the world, but I don’t see you bringing anything nice to our baby sister. You just brought her a piece of chocolate! Cheapo.” Axel mocked Drew and crossed his arms across his chest. 
“Ax, will you stop assuming shit?” Drew glanced at him. 
“You’d better show me some respect!” Axel glared at him. 
“No way in hell!” 
“Fuck you!” 
Axel was so angry that he raised a long leg to kick Drew. 
As it turned out, Axel was no match for a top secret agent. Drew moved his body slightly to dodge the 
kick perfectly. Axel lost his balance and almost ripped his pants. How embarrassing!
###chapter86
“Haha… Axel, are you trying to do the splits? Don’t overstretch your balls!” Drew covered his stomach and burst into laughter. 
In the high-intensity, harsh, and cautious environment of the special agent headquarters, Drew had not laughed so heartily in a long time. 
Asher stood on the side and watched his two younger brothers joke around. He looked like a father watching his sons play, and he was suddenly reminded of his childhood. 
“Speaking of this, let me show you the gift I prepared for Bella.” 
Drew’s eyes sparkled as he enthusiastically brought out a silver rectangular briefcase. 
When he opened the complicated combination lock and revealed the contents of the briefcase, Asher looked speechless, and Axel gasped. 
“This gun is newly developed by the special agent headquarters. Half of it is bullets, and the other half is anesthetic. Turning the knob to the left will shoot out darts that will make the opponent sleep for three full days. Turning the knob to the right will make the opponent sleep for a lifetime. This lighter is a miniature grenade. It’s easy to carry and very lethal. It can even blow up a building! Oooh, and this!” 
Men never grow up. Drew was like a kid, proudly showing off his new toy. “Bella likes to make jewelry, right? I customized a ring for her. Don’t you think it looks nice?” 
Axel was curious and was about to pick it up to play with it, but Drew suddenly grabbed his wrist. 
“No, this ring can shoot out poisonous thorns that are more poisonous than paraquat.”
Asher lowered his eyes helplessly. “May God forgive you, Amen.” 
Axel was irritated. “I’m surprised Bella can survive with a brother like you, who likes to play with such lethal toys.” 
“You know nothing! These gifts are all very practical.” 
Drew narrowed his eyes with a cold expression. “I prepared these gifts, especially for that blind bastard Justin. How dare he bully my baby sister! It just depends on how Bella wants him to die.” 
Axel slowly looked at Drew with admiration. 
“Drew, how long do you plan to stay at home this time?” Asher asked with concern. 
“Around two weeks.” 
Drew was a little reluctant to leave. “I’m going to Meridan next month for an important mission, so I must go back in advance to prepare for it. Otherwise, I’d like to stay with Bella a little longer.” 
“Official duties are more important. Axel and I will protect our baby sister, so don’t worry.” 
Asher paused and asked in a low voice, “Would you like to go home and see Dad? He just talked about you a few days ago.” 
“Hmph! That old man will probably live a few more years if he doesn’t see me.” Drew waved his hand coolly. A hint of sadness flashed in his eyes. 
Asher and Axel looked at each other, feeling a little awkward. 
Even Bella had slowly accepted Wyatt’s three mistresses, but Drew had never been able to forgive his father’s infidelity to his mother.
That was why Drew went to military school and became a special agent. He left his hometown and flew far away so that everything was out of sight and out of mind. 
However, in the past two years, Drew became more homesick. He longed for the time when he mindlessly fooled around with his siblings. 
“Hey, Ax, 
let’s go for a hunt.” 
Drew suddenly hugged his second brother’s neck. The two had just been at each other’s throats, but now they ignored their past grudges and were as close as conjoined twins. 
‘A hunt?’ Axel reacted immediately. 
“If you want to go, go by yourself. Bella said we’re not allowed to find fault with the jerkface, Justin. I can’t break my promise!” 
Axel quickly retreated, as if Drew were poisonous. 
Drew sneered and curled his lips sinisterly.
###chapter87
Bella stayed at the Meteor Atelier for three whole days. 
To make a jade bracelet that resembled the one that Nigel gave her, Bella barely slept in the past three days. When she was tired, she would take a nap in the workshop. Then she would eat something simple and continue to work with the jade. 
During the day, Bella shooed away her three brothers. But at night, they put aside all their social 
activities and came back to have dinner with her. 
Facing a table full of delicacies that her brothers bought for her, all of which were her favorites, Bella still frowned. She propped her chin up on her hand and pushed around the food on her plate. 
The Thompson brothers were worried, but they did not know how to help her. 
All of them were useless and knew nothing about jewelry. 
“Ms. Bella.” 
Bella returned to her thoughts and looked at Tony listlessly. 
She saw Tony take out an embroidered jewelry box from behind that he had prepared early in the morning and place it in front of her. 
“Uncle Tony, this is…” 
“Open it and take a look.” 
Bella frowned in confusion and opened the box.
She instantly covered her mouth in surprise and stared at the clear jade bracelet in the box. 
Although there were still slight differences, it was very similar to the one Nigel gave her! 
“My master left this to me. It was one of his works that he was most proud of during his lifetime. He originally wanted to give this jade bracelet to his beloved, but he failed to do so.” Tony sighed with 
regret. 
“Master Jayden has a wife? Isn’t he an old bachelor?” Axel asked curiously while chewing some meat. 
Tony glanced at him. “Tsk! Everyone has a crush, okay?” 
“Oh, I thought Master Jayden only liked stones and not women.” 
Drew joked and took a sip of wine. “Then why didn’t he give it to his crush? Was he scared?” 
“Master Jayden and his crush were studying at the same school. At that time, Master Jayden liked to tease her, but after twenty years of being friends, Master Jayden fell in love without knowing it. Later, when his crush got married, he wanted to give her this bracelet as a gift. But on her wedding day, she got into a serious car accident and was pronounced dead on site.” 
The Thompson siblings were shocked by this information and were crestfallen. 
“Since then, Master Jayden has sworn off love. He put all his feelings for his crush into jade carving and slowly healed his broken heart over the years.” 
“His love for her will last forever. Master Jayden is the most affectionate man in this world.” Bella could not help but sigh. Her eyes were twinkling with envy. 
“But all these tragedies stem from Master Jayden not confessing his love, isn’t it? That’s his fault…”
Asher, Axel, and Bella glared daggers at Drew. The man pursed his lips and drank in embarrassment. 
Bella felt a bitterness in her heart. 
Someone as unfeeling as Master Jayden could fall in love without even realizing it. Bella had been married to Justin for three years, but did that man ever feel even a sliver of affection for her? 
Did Justin ever have the slightest regret when he divorced her? 
No way. 
If so, how could he hurt her with such insulting words over and over again? If so, how could he indiscriminately side with those insidious women and question her character? 
After the divorce, Bella was no longer Justin’s wife, so he did not even bother to show any superficial respect for her. 
Bella sneered in her heart, picked up the wine glass, and gulped it down. The burning sensation in her throat made her sober. 
Comparing that bastard Justin to Master Jayden was such an insult to the late master that he would 
roll around in his coffin. 
“Ms. Bella, please take this bracelet. I compared it and found that this one is most similar to the one you broke.” Tony looked at her seriously. 
“No, no, no… I can’t… This is Master Jayden’s relic. It’s too valuable. I can’t take it!” Bella panicked and hurriedly pushed the box back.
“My master’s last words before he died were to keep everything untouched. However, Wyatt’s children can take whatever they want when they grow up. They can come and play or take anything they wish to.” 
Bella’s nose was sore, and her eyes were teary. “Uncle Tony, 
I…” 
“I have seen how much you have worked to restore that bracelet. That must be a very important friend to you. You’re a good girl who values friendships, so your Grandpa Jayden will definitely be very pleased to know this. Take it.” Tony smiled lovingly and forced the box into her hands. 
That night, the Thompson siblings left the Meteor Atelier and said goodbye to Tony. 
The Rolls-Royce drove back to Savrow. 
Bella leaned on Asher’s shoulder. Her eyes were half-closed as she held the jewelry box firmly in her 
arms. 
“Bella, I have something to tell you. Justin contacted me the night you returned to Hatchbay.” Asher hesitated slightly. His voice was low and hoarse. 
“Oh.” Bella’s heart twitched, but she reminded herself to keep calm.
###chapter88
“I asked him not to contact you again, and I spoke quite harshly. I’m not sure how he’ll take it.” 
“Well done! I’m a goddess, so I won’t let ordinary people like him interact with me. I’m the woman of KS Group’s president!” 
“Right. You’re the only woman that every man in the Thompson family pampers.” Asher’s charming eyes arched as he smiled and patted his little sister’s shoulder. He looked at her dotingly. 
“Ash, give me your phone.” Bella beckoned. 
Asher did not know what she wanted to do, but he still gave her his phone. “The password is your birthday.” 
“I know.” 
Bella opened the contact list and decisively blocked Justin’s phone number. 
“Good job.” Asher smiled lightly. 
“We must nip this in the bud. If we don’t, that bastard will push his luck.” Bella’s eyes turned cold when she mentioned her ex-husband. 
Justin had been restless and had no appetite for the past few days. 
That was because he had completely lost contact with his ex-wife. 
Nigel began to bombard Justin with phone calls every day, demanding that he find Anna. The octogenarian old man was more difficult to deal with than a clingy young woman in love.
“Mr. Salvador, why don’t we make a missing person’s report?” 
Ian was racking his brains to come up with ideas. “You and the young madam have yet to finalize the divorce, so you are still legally married. It’s only natural for you to find your wife’s whereabouts. I don’t believe that the young madam will stay hidden for long.” 
“What kind of stupid idea is that?” Justin glanced at him angrily. 
“Then what do you think we should do? The young madam just dropped off the grid. She has no phone number and no friends. Her only contact person is Mr. Thompson, who won’t answer your calls anymore…” 
Justin narrowed his alluring eyes and shot daggers at his brainless secretary. Justin really wanted to kill this man. 
Last night, Justin tried to call Asher again, but he found that Asher had blocked him. 
This was the first time in his life that Justin was blocked. It felt as if he had been thrown into outer space. He floated aimlessly through the abyss with a muddled mind and could not recover for ten 
minutes. 
The feeling of defeat and humiliation tugged at his heart. 
Justin suddenly stood up, picked up his suit jacket, put it on, and strode out the door. 
“Get the car ready. Let’s go to KS World Hotel!” 
Bella immediately got back to work after returning from Hatchbay. 
In the past few days, Steven had been the one leading the high-level meetings and presiding over the important events. When he saw Bella, he smiled radiantly and finally settled his longing heart.
Recently, the hotel’s occupancy rate increased by 20%. Although it was not a shocking increase, it was 
still a small achievement. 
In addition, Bella had the hotel’s culinary scene revamped. She recently held a Food Week event, so a lot of guests specifically came to dine at the hotel. Their daily income from catering alone was a considerable sum. 
However, Bella was not satisfied with this achievement alone. 
She was an ambitious woman who was raised by Wyatt. She wanted to make the KS World Hotel bigger and better, surpassing all of Salvador Corporation’s hotels. 
In marriage, she was a complete loser. 
But in the business world, she must not lose to Justin. 
“I heard that someone stayed in the presidential suite in our hotel that no one has stayed in for two years last night.” 
Bella asked casually while reading the financial report. 
“Who do you think booked that room?” Steven walked around behind Bella and massaged her shoulders skillfully. 
“Is it Ryan again?” 
“It’s Bethany Salvador.” 
Bella raised her eyebrows slightly. “Huh? Why does she need such a big room? Is she doing
somersaults?” 
“I heard from the housekeeper that she’s hosting a party with three other girls. In the middle of the night, two tall and muscular male models sneaked in and stayed over. Fortunately, our hotel has good sound insulation. The two male models left the presidential suite around 5:00 p.m., probably to avoid 
suspicion.” 
“Bethany has always liked to have fun. But is it enough for three girls to hire two gigolos?” 
Bella clicked her tongue and said in a rather disgusted tone, “Once they’ve checked out, be sure to ask 
the housekeeper to clean and disinfect the room thoroughly. Don’t reuse the bed sheets and quilts. Just throw them away. I’m afraid that the other guests will get STDs.” 
At this moment, Steven’s phone rang. It was a call from a supervisor. 
He picked up and listened for a while, then his face darkened. 
“What’s wrong?” Bella asked, sensing that something was wrong. 
“Ms. Bella, Bethany is making trouble in the lobby. She insists that our hotel staff stole her things, and she wants us to give her an explanation immediately.”
###chapter89
A crowd had gathered in the hotel lobby. 
you 
“Ms. Salvador, please calm down… You’re a person of status, so it’s not advisable for you to make a scene here. If you have anything to say, we can move to the lounge to talk about it. What do think?” The lobby manager was so anxious that he was sweating. He tried his best to persuade 
Bethany. 
“I am a person of status, but your hotel employee still dares to steal my things. What if I’m a nobody? Your hotel will be covering this up!” Bethany put her hand on her hips and slapped the marble at the front desk while glaring at the lobby manager angrily. 
The crowd recognized Bethany and knew that she was the daughter of Gregory Salvador. But at this moment, she looked like a rogue looking for trouble. 
“I… I didn’t steal anything…” The housekeeper lowered her head and murmured timidly. 
“How dare you make excuses?!” 
Bethany jabbed her sharp red fingertips on the housekeeper’s face. If the manager had not stopped Bethany, she might have blinded the housekeeper. “My necklace was just on the sink. Do you think it’ll run away on its own?!” 
“I was in charge of cleaning the room, but I wasn’t the only one there.” The housekeeper’s face turned pale, but she refused to admit her fault.
“What do you mean by this?! Are you suspecting that we stole it?!” Amy was furious. 
“We’re all respectable people. Why would we care about a necklace? But a peasant like you would steal that necklace because you probably haven’t seen such nice things before!” Beatrix chimed in. 
“Haha! I thought a hotel run by the Thompson family would be reputable. But the service here is shit! It’s a far cry from my family’s hotel. This hotel is doing shady business!” Bethany crossed her arms 
in disdain. 
The lobby manager’s expression turned grim. 
KS Hotel had high-profile guests. He had never seen such a difficult woman over his entire career in the hospitality industry. 
“Ms. Salvador, you are smearing the image of KS World Hotel and personally attacking our hotel employee before the situation has been clarified. Do you think this is appropriate?” 
A soothing, graceful, yet resounding voice broke the silence in the lobby. 
Everyone was shocked and looked back in unison to see a beautiful woman in a white suit walking 
over. 
Bella walked toward Bethany in her sky-high stilettos. She walked with such confidence and speed 
that it seemed like the heels were a part of her body. 
Bethany’s friends were stunned. 
“Why are you here?!” Bethany looked surprised and sized Bella up in disgust.
Bella’s high-end suit, brand-name stilettos, and dangling sapphire earrings were a statement of wealth, highlighting her extraordinary status. 
The crowd was curious as to who Bella was because she was such eye candy. 
In contrast, Bethany looked like an ogre. 
At this moment, Justin and Ian happened to walk into the hotel lobby. 
When he saw his ex-wife, whom he had lost contact with for nearly a week, Justin felt his heart tremble. There was an unexplainable joy in his eyes that he had finally found her. 
Then he seemed entranced by her beautiful figure and forgot to blink for a moment. 
“Mr. Salvador, that’s the young madam!” 
Ian was equally excited to see Bella. His expression changed again when he noticed Bethany. “Eh? Why is Ms. Bethany here? There are so many people watching them. Did something happen?” 
Justin had an ominous feeling when he saw Bethany. He moved slightly, but he suddenly stopped in his tracks. 
“Let’s wait and see what happens.” 
When the housekeeper saw Bella, she burst into tears from the grievances she suffered. 
“Manager… 
]] 
“Oh, so you’re the manager here, huh? What a big difference in social standing.” Bethany smirked.
“Really? I don’t think so. I think my life now is much better than before.” 
Bella raised her eyebrows slightly. Her smile was dazzling. “At least now I’m treated like a human being.” 
Her words pierced Justin’s heart. 
The man’s throat tightened, and he felt frustrated. 
‘What does she mean by that? Have I ever mistreated her in the past three years?’
###chapter90
Jason thought that he had given Anna the dignity of being a CEO’s wife. He had no feelings for Anna, but she was well-dressed, well-fed, and waited on by the servants. She did not suffer at all, and he even got her a supplementary credit card. He was never stingy with money. 
Although Anna had not spent a cent on that card in the past three years, she still lived a life that was a thousand times better than when she was working as a caregiver in a nursing home. 
Why would she say that? It sounded as if she had been abused at his house. 
Justin became angrier as he thought about it. His eyes were slightly red, and he clenched his jaw. 
“Pft! You’re just being stubborn. Since you are the manager here, I won’t play nice. Your hotel must give me an explanation for this today. Or compensate me with an identical necklace. It’s not that expensive-only $2 million. You can also send this thieving housekeeper to prison. You, as the manager, can’t shirk responsibility either. You must bow and apologize to me in front of everyone. Money is not the problem here. The main thing is that I won’t endure this.” Bethany flipped her wavy hair and rolled her eyes. 
Bethany would not recognize Anna as her ex-sister-in-law in front of so many people because she found it embarrassing. 
Moreover, this was a rare opportunity to get back at the bumpkin. Anna was in the limelight at the charity auction last time. Now, Anna was no longer recognized as Mr. Thompson’s lover and was only a lowly part-time worker. Bethany was adamant about crushing her. 
“Mr. Salvador, the young madam is being bullied again!” Ian usually disliked Bethany’s attitude and was extremely worried about Anna.
“Hold on.” 
Justin narrowed his eyes slightly. He was curious about his ex-wife. 
He had never seen Anna in the workplace. In his memory, Anna was just a humble housewife. 
Hotels were in the service industry, which was not easy to manage. Justin wanted to see if Anna could resolve Bethany’s problem after Asher made her a hotel manager. 
“Ms. Salvador, since your necklace is worth $2 million, you can file a police report and open an investigation. If you want to recover your losses, we can help you call the police. After all, the sooner you call the police, the sooner your necklace will be found. Moreover, all employees in this hotel, including myself, will cooperate with the police investigation. We will surrender all surveillance footage and employees’ personal belongings for inspection as long as they have a search warrant.” 
Bella’s tone was calm. 
The crowd started to whisper. 
“That makes sense! She should make a police report immediately! What’s the point of making a scene 
here?” 
“I think she misplaced it and just wanted someone to take the blame!” 
Bethany was so angry that her face was flushed. “What’s the use of a search warrant? This thief must 
have moved it!” 
“I’m not a thief! I didn’t steal anything from you!” The housekeeper’s eyes turned red with anger, and her whole body was trembling.
“Except for the bathrooms, showers, and staff locker rooms, all areas of our hotel have high- definition surveillance cameras. After the incident, I immediately stopped all the employees in the housekeeping department from leaving. If someone stole your necklace, it should still be in the hotel. 
There would be no time for them to move it elsewhere.” 
Bella took out her phone and waved it in front of Bethany. “When I rushed over just now, I had already called the police. They should arrive in about ten minutes. As for the apology you demand, I will not hesitate to do so once the matter has been resolved.” 
Bella’s explanation was foolproof. 
“Young Madam is so amazing! She handled this like a professional!” Ian could not help but compliment Bella in awe. He was Bella’s number-one fan. 
Justin glared at Ian, but his heart moved. 
He had to admit that Anna dealt with the incident decisively. She remained calm, witty, assertive, and graceful. She looked like a lady boss and nothing like the lowly and timid housewife trapped in his 
small manor. 
“Fine! You said so yourself. I didn’t force you!” Bethany gritted her teeth. 
“Of course. I am the manager of the hotel, so I should be responsible for my guests. But that is under 
the condition that we are indeed at fault.” 
Bella was smiling, but it did not reach her bright eyes.
At this time, Steven led the housekeeping manager over in a hurry. He held a plastic bag carefully, as if he were handling a piece of police evidence. 
“We found Ms. Salvador’s necklace!”
###chapter91
Everyone was shocked. 
Bethany and her two plastic friends opened their mouths in shock. 
Steven took the necklace and held it up in front of Bethany. His eyes were cold and unfeeling. 
“Ms. Salvador, is this the necklace 
“This…” 
you lost?” 
Bethany was dumbfounded. Suddenly, she shouted as if someone had stepped on her tail. “Ah! My necklace… How did my necklace turn out like this? Who did it?!” 
Everyone took a closer look and saw that this luxurious necklace was broken into several sections. 
“Our manager heard that you lost your necklace and immediately sent me to search the entire presidential suite. In the end, I found your necklace under the sofa. But when we found it, it was already in this condition. We don’t know how it’s broken.” Steven replied with a cold voice. 
“Look! She has clearly misplaced it and blamed the hotel. Does she think that she’s a king for spending some money?” 
“OMG! It’s such a big diamond! Who would wear such an exaggerated necklace for nothing? Won’t she be afraid to get robbed?” 
Hearing the mocking whispers around her, Bethany became furious. She gritted her teeth and said, So what if you found it? Does this prove that your employee didn’t steal my necklace in the first place? She
must have hidden it under the sofa when she realized she couldn’t sneak it out. That way, she could sell it once the investigation was over.” 
“I didn’t! I didn’t!” 
The housekeeper was not as eloquent as Bethany. She was so angry that she could hardly breathe, let alone defend herself. 
“If it was theft, she wouldn’t have destroyed a nice necklace. It wouldn’t have been convenient to carry around.” 
Bella’s clear eyes turned cold. “I think someone did this deliberately, not to steal, but to vent their 
anger. They wanted you to make a scene like this so that you embarrassed yourself.” 
As soon as Bella said this, Bethany became startled. 
Her two friends were stunned for a moment. Then they hid behind Bethany. 
“Now that our hotel has helped you find the necklace, you can no longer sue my employee for theft. If 
you insist on pursuing this matter, I can cooperate with you.” 
As she said that, Bella’s sharp eyes casually glanced at Amy and Beatrix. “I asked my secretary to be 
very careful when handling this necklace. The police will be here soon. We will hand over the necklace to the police for fingerprint identification. Since this diamond is so big, it won’t be that difficult to collect fingerprints, don’t you think?” 
“Right! Fingerprint identification!” 
“What a great idea! That makes sense!”
The people around them started cheering. 
The two friends turned pale in an instant. They quickly dragged Bethany away. “Beth, that’s enough. You’re a person of status. It’ll be embarrassing if you continue making a scene. Let’s just go now…” 
Bethany also felt that if she continued to make a fuss, she would be a laughingstock. Thus, she put the necklace into her Hermès bag and walked out with her head held high. 
“Wait a minute, Ms. Salvador.” Bella suddenly called out to her. 
“What do you want?” 
“Now that the necklace has been found, you have no evidence to prove that it was stolen by our employees. You just insulted my employee in front of so many guests. Don’t you think that you should give us an apology?” 
“Apology? Hmph! I’m a hotel guest. Why should I apologize for your hotel’s poor service? Are you crazy?!” Bethany laughed in exasperation. 
“Why is she like that? Is she really from the Salvador family?” Some guests commented in disdain. 
“Everyone saw how the little girl apologized to her just now. She almost knelt in front of her too. What else does she want?” 
“That’s right! She’s just being petty!” 
The housekeeper stood there with her shoulders hunched. Tears fell from her face silently. 
“If the service of our hotel is substandard, you can make a complaint, but accusing our staff of stealing is another matter. The least you can do is apologize.” Bella looked determined and stern.
“You want me to apologize to her? I spent money in your hotel, and you want me to apologize to a housekeeper? What kind of manager are you?!” 
Bethany was furious. She was about to lose her temper again when she heard a thud. 
The housekeeper fell to the floor. Her whole body stiffened, and her eyes rolled back as she started twitching. 
Everyone, including Bethany, was dumbfounded. Only Bella reacted immediately and knelt beside the housekeeper. 
Bella reached out and unbuttoned the girl’s belt and black vest to allow her to breathe smoothly. 
At this moment, the housekeeper began to spit out foam. 
“It’s epilepsy! Steve, call an ambulance!” 
Bella ordered while tilting the girl’s head to the side to prevent her from choking on her own saliva. 
“I’ve called an ambulance. It’ll be here right away!” 
A deep and alluring voice came from behind Bella. 
Bella looked back to see Justin standing behind her at some point. He was in his suit and leather shoes, looking so eye-catching and aloof.
###chapter92
When their eyes met, time and space seemed to freeze. It was as if someone had pressed the pause button. 
“It’s Mr. Salvador!” Someone recognized Justin. 
“Justin…” Bethany did not expect Justin to show up here, and she panicked. 
She was afraid of Justin. Even though Shannon secretly insulted him for being an illegitimate child, it was undeniable that Justin had the final say in the family. 
“Ian, take Bethany away now,” Justin ordered expressionlessly. 
At this moment, someone had secretly taken photos and videos of the scene. If Bethany stayed here any longer, she would ruin the Salvador family’s reputation. 
Ian did not dare to delay further. He hurriedly stepped forward and dragged the dazed Bethany out of the hotel. 
Bella sneered and withdrew her cold 
Justin was always cold and heartless. 
gaze. 
He did not care about who was right or wrong. All he thought about were his current vested interests and the Salvador family’s reputation. 
“Oh, no! She’s going to bite her tongue!” Steven shouted in a panic.
Bella’s heart tightened. Running out of options, Bella stuffed her wrist into the girl’s mouth. 
The girl bit Bella’s delicate wrist fiercely. The numbing pain instantly spread throughout her limbs, but she endured it without flinching. 
“You…!” Justin was shaken and wanted to stop her, but it was too late. 
Justin watched helplessly as Bella used her petite and slender body to save the patient. She had the 
courage 
and kindness of a doctor. 
This scene gave Justin flashbacks. 
Suddenly, he saw that little dove again. 
On the battlefield in Kridor, the little dove did the same thing. She put his seriously injured body on 
the straw mat and dragged him to safety with a hemp rope. 
–“Don’t give up hope! We can still survive this! We will definitely survive!” 
Later, the army camp was in chaos. Justin could not find the little dove. Instead, he found the hemp rope that was soaked in blood. He did not know what happened to her hands now. 
As his thoughts drifted, Justin clenched his fists. His chest felt stuffy. 
Soon, the ambulance arrived, and the housekeeper was taken to the hospital. 
Bella was worried and asked Steven to accompany her to the hospital.
“Miss, thank you for giving her first aid and buying us some time. Otherwise, the patient might be in grave danger.” The paramedics praised Bella. 
“It’s nothing. I hope everything will be fine.” Bella smiled faintly. 
Back at the hotel, the lobby manager had already dealt with the aftermath of the farce, and the crowd had dispersed. 
Bella glanced at the deep teeth marks and blood on her right wrist. She felt a throbbing pain and walked toward the hotel’s infirmary. 
“Anna.” 
Bella’s heart clenched. As soon as she turned around, Justin had already caught up to her. His face was astonishingly gloomy. 
They were so close that they could hear each other’s breathing. 
If they took half a step forward, they would be touching each other. 
Bella was in a daze for a moment. However, she immediately came to her senses and wanted to step 
back. 
At this moment, Justin suddenly grabbed her arm and pulled her into his arms. 
Bella was caught off guard and fell into his warm embrace. 
It hit her so hard that her heartstrings trembled. 
She thought, ‘Did this bastard wear a bulletproof vest under his shirt? Why is his chest so hard?!’
“Justin, please have some self-respect in public.” Bella’s breathing was unsteady as she struggled to 
break free. 
“Where have you been these few days? Why did you just disappear?” Justin’s dark eyes were locked 
firmly on her. His grip was extremely strong. 
“What does it have to do with you? Who are you to me?” 
Bella laughed in exasperation. This man was still so self-righteous. “I went to outer space, so it’s 
normal that you can’t find me.” 
“Anna, come with me.” Justin’s eyes were dark. His voice was deep and cold. 
“Justin, let go of me and leave the hotel!” 
Bella gritted her teeth and finally lost her patience. “If you don’t leave, I’m calling security!” 
Justin was annoyed as he glared at her. 
‘Is she trying to chase me away now? Has she forgotten how she used to butter me up and please me?’ 
The desire to win and his possessiveness ignited his physiological desires. 
“Even if you call Asher here now, you can’t stop me from taking you away!”
###chapter93
Bella’s eyes were distant and determined. 
“It seems that Rosalind has taken such good care of you that you’ve become more thick-skinned.” 
“This is between the two of us. Don’t involve anyone else.” Justin’s chest was filled with anger. 
“If you don’t want me to say unpleasant things, please stay away from me. I don’t want to have 
anything to do with you besides finalizing our divorce. Goodbye, Mr. Salvador.” 
Justin was so used to Anna’s sparkling and eager eyes that he was shocked to see her cold stare at this moment. He felt as if he had fallen into an ice cave, and the heat around his body gradually dissipated. 
“I won’t let you leave!” 
Bella parted her red lips slightly and sneered. “Who the hell are you to let me do things? Am I your pet dog? Why should I listen to you?” 
“You don’t have to belittle yourself like that. I don’t think that you’re my dog.” Justin frowned in displeasure. 
“Belittle myself? Haha! Justin, are you stupid or naive? Can’t you hear what I mean by that? I hate you, so stop pestering me!” 
Bella’s eyes were red. She wanted to withdraw her hand from his. 
Unexpectedly, Justin was equally stubborn. The more she struggled, the harder he held on to her, completely ignorant of the strength he was exerting.
“Ouch…” Bella hissed in pain. 
She held her forearm with her left hand and crouched down as a thin layer of sweat broke out on her 
forehead. 
Justin finally realized that something was wrong and quickly let go of her. 
He lowered his eyes and was shocked to see that his palm was bloody. 
He grabbed onto her wound earlier. He was so eager to take her away that he forgot about the 
untreated wound on her wrist. 
Justin was too careless. 
“I’ll take you to the infirmary to bandage it now.” Justin’s voice was deep and hoarse. His eyes were 
heavy with guilt. 
“Leave now, or I’ll call the police.” Bella backed away angrily. 
“Anna…” 
“Get lost!” 
Bella could not bear it anymore and yelled at him. Her heart was like her hand, scarred and in pain. 
They had been married for three years, but Justin ignored her and did not even touch her. 
Now that they were divorced, he pestered her and harassed her to no end. 
How ironic was that?
Justin’s soul shook when Bella yelled at him. His handsome face was frozen. 
“You want me to get lost? Why didn’t you say this when you insisted on marrying me back then?” 
“Because I loved you back then.” Bella’s eyes were red as she laughed angrily. 
Justin felt a stabbing pain in his heart. His breathing became heavy. 
“When I love you, you can do whatever you want to me. Now that I don’t love you anymore, all of my tolerance for you is gone. Did you think that you could still enjoy the benefits I provided after our divorce? No, Justin. I don’t love you. You’re worthless to me.” 
Bella raised her chin angrily, turned around, and left without hesitation. 
“Anna, if it weren’t for Grandpa, do you think I would be willing to look for you? Do you know how much Grandpa misses you? He’s anxious that he can’t contact you.” 
Justin’s eyes also turned red. He retorted with hurtful words. “You keep saying that you’re doing this for Grandpa. Are you going back on your word now? Do you think that Grandpa is senile, and you can fool him?” 
Bella took a deep breath and clenched her fists. 
Nigel was undoubtedly someone that Bella missed. It became an unbreakable bond between her and Justin. 
Bella was a loyal and righteous woman who would keep her promise, no matter what. She promised to only finalize the divorce after Nigel’s birthday, so she would not go back on her word, even if it was extremely painful to her. 
“I didn’t go back on my promise. I will find the time to visit Grandpa in the next two days.”
“Now.” 
“What?” 
“Come with me to see Grandpa now. He hasn’t had a good night’s sleep for five days. Without won’t even eat properly.” 
you, 
he 
Justin seemed to have reached the limit of his patience. His breathing was restrained and unsteady.” Don’t disappoint him, Anna.” 
In the end, Bella compromised. 
When she took care of Nigel in the nursing home, her motives were indeed impure. At that time, Bella did not expect to marry Justin. She only hoped to do something for Justin and have more 
opportunities to see him. 
After interacting with Nigel, she fell in love with the cute old man. 
Although Nigel was old, he was still sharp, wise, and strategic. Even if he was no longer in charge of the Salvador Corporation, he could still remotely monitor some of the company’s major decisions and provide guidance when necessary. He was a good mentor to the younger generations of the Salvador family. 
Bella secretly learned a lot of skills while staying with the old man. She also taught what she learned to Asher and put it to use when managing the hotel. 
Therefore, Nigel was not just her grandfather but also her mentor.
###chapter94
Justin accompanied Bella to the infirmary. The doctor happened to be away, so Bella took out the iodine and gauze, planning to bandage the wound by herself. 
“I’ll do it.” Justin came up to her with a grim face. 
Bella turned away irritably and glared at him. “No need.” 
Justin and Bella were equally stubborn. He would either ignore her or have his way with her. 
Thus, he grabbed her tiny hand firmly and said in a domineering tone, “Anna, stay still!” 
Bella suddenly froze. She felt a cool sensation on her wrist. 
Justin carefully applied the medicine and dabbed the wound gently with a cotton swab. 
He lowered his eyelashes and noticed just how beautiful her delicate hand and smooth skin were. 
It was strange how Bella still looked so beautiful and sexy when she was not doing anything. 
Justin remained calm and carefully examined the wound on her hand. 
Her palms were far rougher than he imagined, but they were still soft. 
They were slender, but her fingertips were covered in thin calluses. It felt like her experience was disproportionate to her age. 
Suddenly, Justin felt a tingling current in the depths of his mind. He could not help but envision the soft moonlight pouring in through the window as the gauze curtains floated with the wind. 
They were in an unfamiliar setting, but being with her felt familiar. 
Justin took a deep breath to calm himself. His throat bobbed.
He had never had such thoughts about Rosalind, so how could he have such desires for his ex-wife, who challenged his patience repeatedly? 
It was incomprehensible. 
Bella felt the heat coming from his fingertips, which scalded her heart. She wanted to retract her hand. 
“Okay.” 
“Wrap it up in gauze.” 
The man refused to listen. He squeezed her hand and said mockingly, “Have you been digging coal these days? Your fingers are so rough. They’re covered in calluses.” 
“No, I was scooping shit.” Bella knew that Justin was a clean freak, so she deliberately said this to disgust him. 
“Anna, can you speak decently?” Justin’s eyebrows twitched. 
“I am, but it’s not my problem that you don’t think so.” 
Bella’s nose was turned up. Her features were delicate, and she smiled slyly and provocatively. 
Justin felt a fire rising in his chest. ‘This woman is so unscrupulous now that she has a backer.’ 
However, he found it interesting. 
If they had not divorced, he would not have known that Anna was so clever. 
Justin was quick to treat Bella’s minor injury. He was not a useless prince who did not know anything but making money.
Back then, Bella asked Declan to check Justin’s file and found out that he was the top two students in the military academy. 
Occasionally, there would be a battle for the top spot. The only one who could compete with Justin was Bella’s fourth brother, Drew. 
In fact, with Justin’s character and strategic mind, he was more suitable to be a special agent than Drew. Justin was also good enough to be in Declan’s position. However, as a Salvador, the only path Justin could take in the end was to become the company’s successor. 
However, after retiring from the army and going into business, Justin was able to make a name for himself. 
He was legendary in the business world. 
It was just a pity that Justin was blind. All of his advantages were ruined by Rosalind Gold. 
Bella’s lips twitched as she thought, ‘Whatever. It’s none of my business now.’ 
She promised herself to stay far away from Justin. 
The two went to the parking lot. 
Bella was about to drive her Bugatti when Justin stopped her. 
“Where are you going?” 
“Where else? I’m going to get my car. 
“Just take my car.” Justin’s attitude was inexplicably cold.
“A good woman never rides in her ex-husband’s car. See you later.” 
Bella waved her hand casually, but Justin pulled the car door open without saying a word. He held her waist and pushed her into the car, then quickly slammed the door. 
“Hey! What are you doing?! Kidnapping?!” Bella’s face turned red with anxiety as she patted the car 
door in protest. 
“I can’t trust you, Anna.” 
Justin’s left arm was supporting the roof of the car as he bent down and looked at her from outside the car. 
He narrowed his charming eyes and looked at her as if she were a caged bird, unable to fly out of his grasp. 
“You’re always scheming, so I have to be wary about you.”
###chapter95
Along the way, Bella and Justin sat side by side. She kept looking out the window and did not glance at him. 
Everything about her gesture was screaming revulsion for Justin. 
Justin glanced at her. He wanted to ask her some questions but found it difficult to speak. 
Nigel’s private villa was located in Crescent Bay, Savrow. It was surrounded by mountains and was in a secluded part of the city, making it quiet and peaceful. 
“Grandpa! I’m here to see you!” 
The gloom on Bella’s face cleared up as soon as she entered the door. Her bright, smiling eyes were like the crescent moon, and her clear voice was like the cry of a songbird. 
In fact, Bella was feeling uneasy about the bracelet. It took her a long time to be mentally prepared for Nigel’s reaction. 
“Anna, you’re here! I missed you so much, my dear!” Nigel was pushed out in a wheelchair by his secretary, Matt Upton. 
As soon as Nigel saw his grandson’s wife, his sluggish demeanor suddenly disappeared. He was so excited that his eyebrows shot up. 
“Girl, where have you been running around these past few days? Do you not want me anymore? Do you not love me?!” 
Nigel took Bella’s hand and squeezed it tightly. He kept bombarding her with love and questions.
Justin’s lips twitched in displeasure. 
He thought that his grandfather was a real sweet-talker at his age. Justin wondered what his grandfather was like when he was a teenager who first started dating and guessed that he was probably worse than Ryan. 
“Grandpa, I’ve been busy with work recently. I went on a business trip, so I didn’t have time to contact you. I’m sorry, Grandpa. You can scold me.” Bella knelt in front of Nigel’s wheelchair and smiled sweetly. 
“How can I bear to scold you, my dear? I’m just glad to see you.” 
After that, Nigel glared at Justin. “If it weren’t for a certain blind and heartless brat, I would’ve been able to see my precious granddaughter-in-law every day. I wouldn’t have to spend so much effort trying to look for you, my dear!” 
Bella smiled awkwardly and had nothing to say. 
Justin’s face darkened. He knew that he should not have come tonight because he would be at risk of another scolding. 
“Anna, I got a new painting that I didn’t want to show others yet. I was saving it for you to get the first peek!” Nigel happily took Bella’s hand and led her to the study. 
“You just want me to appraise this painting, right?” Bella smiled slyly. 
“Hehe… You got me!” 
Justin stood behind Bella and was startled.
He had been married to her for three years, but he did not know that she was so multi-talented. She was articulate, a good racer, a calligraphist, a tailor, and even an appraiser. 
He could not believe how one person could have so many skills at the same time. 
Thus, Justin wanted to take a look. 
On the long sandalwood table in the study room, Matt had already worn white gloves and carefully laid out a painting in front of the three of them. 
“Anna, I just got this. Please help me appraise it.” Nigel looked at her in anticipation. 
“Sure, Grandpa.” 
Bella stood in front of the painting, picked up a magnifying glass, and bent down. She had her left hand behind her back as she scrutinized the painting. 
When Justin saw her serious face, he unconsciously smiled. 
She was like an old scholar underneath her beauty, which amused him. 
Nigel’s eyes flickered when she noticed the bracelet on Bella’s left wrist, but the loving smile on his face did not diminish. 
“This is the “Equestrian Portrait of Charles V” by Titian, a master of Venetian painting in the Renaissance period.” Bella curled her lips, looking confident. 
“Indeed.” Nigel nodded with a smile. 
Justin narrowed his eyes slightly and quietly approached the painting.
“It bears the style and the characteristic technique of Titian’s works, but we can’t be sure that this is an authentic Titian piece. The brushstrokes are strong, and the color pigments are vivid…” 
Bella said in a soft tone. She had a high level of appreciation for the painting. 
Justin was fascinated by what she said. He stared at her side profile more intently. 
“But Grandpa, I’m sorry to say that this painting is not an original work from the 16th century. This is a replica passed down and copied by later generations. But the brushstrokes do imitate Titian’s 
style.” 
Bella was sure that this was a replica because the original painting was hanging in Wyatt’s private 
studio. Hahaha! 
“Huh? Sigh… I made a mistake again this time!” Nigel sighed and looked like an old baby. Bella raised her eyelids slightly and met Justin’s overly focused gaze.
###chapter96
Bella was stunned and quickly lowered her head. Her small face was half-hidden by her black hair. Although she tried her best to calm herself, she still blushed slightly. 
Justin’s heart skipped a beat, and his breathing became warmer. 
At this time, his phone vibrated in his pocket. 
Justin looked at it and stepped out to answer the call. 
In the corridor, Justin leaned his back against the wall and saw Rosalind’s name on the screen. He closed his eyes in resignation as he picked it up. 
“Justin, are you still angry with me?” 
Before he could speak, Rosalind started to cry. 
“No.” He replied without any emotion. 
However, Rosalind had a feeling that he was still mad at her. 
“Then, can you come and see me? I really miss you, Justin. I can’t sleep because I’ve been thinking about you…” Rosalind confessed hurriedly. Her voice was so soft and sweet. 
“Not tonight. I’m staying with Grandpa.” 
“Are you at Grandpa’s house? Then I’ll go over to find you… Didn’t you say that you wanted me to accompany Grandpa from time to time? That way, Grandpa can accept me. I just happened to make your favorite walnut cake. We secretly ate it while sitting in the alley when we were kids. I will also bring a portion for Grandpa so that he can taste my baking.” Rosalind sounded like a dutiful wife.
“Rose, it’s really inconvenient tonight.” 
Justin’s heart softened at the mention of their childhood. He said, “Anna is with Grandpa right now. It wouldn’t be a good idea for you to bump into her. You know how much Grandpa likes her…” 
“Are you with Anna now?” Rosalind’s voice trembled. 
“Yes. Grandpa has been looking for her these days, so I brought her here.” 
“Is it really just Grandpa who wants to see her? Don’t you want to see her yourself?” Rosalind became jealous and resentful again. 
“No, don’t overthink it.” Justin felt that his throat was dry. 
“Does that woman have any sense of shame? Why is she still pestering us when you two are already divorced?! She must have secretly instigated the relationship between me and Grandpa! Why is she so shameless? She’s using Grandpa to suppress me!” Rosalind was infuriated. 
Justin stretched out his hand to rub his throbbing temples and sighed. 
In the study, Bella wavered when she thought of Justin’s intense gaze earlier. 
‘Damn it! Why am I blushing? I’m so useless! Justin’s eyes are naturally seductive. He probably looks at the toilet bowl like that too!’ 
“Anna.” Nigel suddenly called out to her. 
“Hey, Grandpa.” Bella returned to her senses and smiled sweetly. 
“You really like the bracelet that I gave you, huh? You wear it all the time!” 
Bella was extremely flustered. Her brain was in a mess, and her throat felt like it was clogged with
cement. 
“Grandpa…” 
“Wear it well. It has beneficial health properties.” 
Nigel smiled kindly. “I asked Matt to sort out my wife’s jewelry yesterday and found a few pieces of good jade. You can take it with you when you leave and keep it for the future. Grandpa is getting old. I might not be able to wake up the next day. In the past, I thought that Justin could take care of you for the rest of your life, but now it seems that the stupid boy is not reliable either. He’s blinded by that witch, just like his imbecile father. Grandpa just hopes that you will be safe and happy. If you ever encounter any difficulties, these jade pieces will be enough for you to spend the rest of your life without worrying, okay? Anna? What happened?” 
Nigel was dumbfounded. The man who had yielded so much power all his life was at a loss at this 
moment. 
Bella was dejected. She stood in front of Nigel as if she were being punished. Her thin shoulders were trembling, and her red eyes were filled with tears. Slowly, those tears started falling down her face. 
“Grandpa… I’m sorry…” 
]] 
Bella thought about how she had hidden her identity from Nigel just so she could be with Justin. Nigel had been so kind to her over the years, but she had failed to protect the jade bracelet that he gave her. 
At that moment, Bella had such mixed feelings and felt so overwhelmed with guilt that she burst into tears. She cried loudly without regard for her image.
“Aw, my dear, why are you crying? Don’t cry, baby girl…” Nigel was so nervous that he quickly took out the handkerchief he always carried with him to wipe her tears. 
Justin, who was standing outside the door, also heard the crying and hurriedly looked inside the study. 
He was shocked to see his ex-wife bawling. His heart clenched, and he could no longer hold the phone steadily
###chapter97
Rosalind was also crying on the other end of the phone. 
“Anna knew that Grandpa didn’t like me, so she used Grandpa against me… Why is she so insidious?!” 
Justin’s black eyes trembled. He did not hear what Rosalind was saying at all. 
The woman in front of him was bawling her eyes out, but he could feel her sadness. Every tear she shed made his heart ache. 
“Child, what’s wrong? Don’t scare Grandpa!” Nigel had seen everything but a little girl bawling messily. 
Bella burst into tears. “Grandpa… I broke the bracelet… I’ve been trying every means to repair it, but it didn’t work… So… So I was wondering if I could make the same one because I was afraid that you would be upset if you found out… I’m sorry, Grandpa… I lied to you… I’m so sorry… 
Bella cried so hard that her little body twitched. The back of her hands were wet with tears. 
She could not be more pitiful. 
Justin listened to her intermittent cries and felt frozen. 
He finally understood what Bella was up to during the past few days when she went missing. 
He finally understood why her delicate fingers were covered with thin calluses. It turned out that she was trying to restore the bracelet that his grandfather gave her. 
Suddenly, he felt as if her tears were searing his heart. The bitterness and sadness quickly spread throughout his body.
“Anna… It’s not a big deal, my dear!” 
Nigel squeezed Bella’s hand in distress. He was a little dumbfounded as he explained, “Actually when you first came in, I already noticed that you weren’t wearing the bracelet I gave you. I guessed that the bracelet might be broken or something. Otherwise, you would surely wear it. But I’m not upset with you at all. Grandma has a giant box of jade bracelets. I wanted to give them all to you, but I was afraid that you wouldn’t accept it, so I chose the prettiest one to give to you. I even made up the story about it being a token of love so that you’d accept it. Your grandma used to joke with me that these bracelets were too cumbersome. She told me that if she ever dies before me, I must not bury these trinkets with her because they’ll just take up a lot of space!” 
Upon hearing this, Bella seemed to feel better. Her scrunched-up face softened, but her eyes were still teary, and the tip of her nose was still red. 
“Justin! Where did that bastard go?” 
Nigel slapped the armrest of his wheelchair and said, “Bastard, come in quickly and coax your wife!” 
Rosalind quickly shouted, “Justin! Don’t go! I haven’t finished talking to you yet…” 
“I have something to take care of here. Let’s talk later.” 
As soon as he said this, Justin hung up the phone decisively. 
Rosalind, on the other end of the phone, looked at the blacked-out screen and panted heavily. Her face was livid. 
“Anna… you bitch! Slut! I will make sure you die tragically!” 
Rosalind hurriedly dialed Shannon’s phone number.
“Aunt Shannon! Please help me! That damn bitch, Anna, is at Grandpa’s house with Justin!” 
Rosalind cried loudly. “If this continues… Justin is going to get seduced by her! In the past, he would always come running to me with one word, but now, he hung up on me before I even finished speaking! Has he changed his mind about me? Aunt Shannon, if I don’t marry into the Salvador family, I won’t be able to help you. All the skills you trained me for will go to waste!” 
Rosalind knew that just complaining was not enough. She had to drag Shannon into the water. She had to make Shannon feel that her own interests were threatened so that Shannon would sincerely help her. 
“Rose, don’t panic. You should know what Justin is like by now. You can’t force him to do anything, and you can’t act too hastily. Otherwise, it will just backfire like last time. After all, Justin is now wary of you because you slandered Anna last time. Even if he feels like he owes you for the kindness you showed him when he was a child, you shouldn’t test his feelings for you.” Shannon was rational and calm as she advised Rosalind. 
“Then what should we do?” Rosalind asked in a panic. 
“Just pretend to be miserable and pitiful, but you must pretend so that Justin sees it.” 
Shannon sneered sinisterly. “With me around to guide you, that bitch, Anna, can’t defeat you. She should try again in her next life!” 
Justin’s tall figure barged into the study. 
“Grandpa, I’m here.” 
“You stupid brat! Are you deaf? Didn’t you hear Anna crying? If I didn’t call you, would you have stayed outside?!” Nigel yelled at his grandson.
As long as his precious Anna would smile, Nigel was willing to sacrifice Justin. 
“No.”
###chapter98
Justin responded, walked to Bella, and glanced at her blankly. 
He saw two streaks of tears on her little face that looked like the morning dew on flowers. She looked so beautiful and pitiful at the same time. 
Bella felt a little embarrassed. Her cheeks turned red with embarrassment, and a teardrop fell from her long eyelashes. 
Justin was shaken. His chest heaved as Anna tried to blink away her tears. 
“You punk! Hurry up and coax your wife!” Nigel urged angrily. 
“Why me? She didn’t cry because of me.” Justin frowned in confusion. 
Nigel’s eyes widened in anger. “Because Anna is your wife! Do you want an old man like me to help you coax your wife?! Are you stupid?!” 
“Grandpa, Justin and I are divorced. I’m not…” 
“It doesn’t matter! An ex-wife is still a wife in my book. He hasn’t done a single good thing for you in the past three years. He at least owes you an apology!” 
Nigel’s face darkened when he heard the word “divorce”. His heart ached even more, as if it were his own divorce. “You bastard! If you don’t coax Anna today, don’t call me Grandpa!” 
Justin pursed his thin lips and whispered, “I’m sorry.” 
Bella opened her red eyes. Her heart was shaking.
In her memory, this was the first time Justin had apologized to her. 
It was a pity that he was not at all sincere. 
“Bow in apology!” Nigel said. 
“Is that necessary?” Justin’s eyebrows twitched in surprise. 
“I’m being kind enough to not make you kneel on broken glass just like I did when I apologized to your grandma. You must show your sincerity! Anna is my heart and soul. I won’t allow you to treat her so lightly. Hurry up!” 
Justin was really cornered by his grandfather. He lowered his eyes and took half a step back. Then he 
put his hands on his chest and bowed deeply to Bella. 
“I’m sorry, Ms. Brown. Please accept my sincere apology.” 
This scene was like a scene in a TV show that made Nigel’s lips curl up in excitement. 
Was this what “shipping” a couple felt like? 
Bella’s cheeks turned red. She gradually stopped sobbing. Seeing Justin’s polite and serious 
expression, she could not help but snicker in her heart. 
She was secretly glad to make Justin bow his head to her, whether he meant it or not. 
Just as Justin was about to stand up, Nigel gave another order. “Keep this posture until Anna tells you to get up. If not, don’t you dare straighten your back!” 
However, a few seconds passed, and Bella did not respond.
Justin thought, ‘This woman is clearly doing this on purpose!’ 
It was not until Bella saw the veins on Justin’s forehead bulging that she sniffled and said in a soft voice, “Grandpa, this isn’t Justin’s fault to begin with. Don’t embarrass him.” 
Justin just felt humiliated. 
‘Anna, you really know how to take advantage of me and behave so obediently in front of Grandpa!’ 
However, he felt less angry when he noticed her swollen and red almond eyes. 
When it was dinner time, Bella pushed Nigel to the dining hall while Justin walked in the back. The three of them arrived at the table full of delicacies. 
Nigel had prepared all of this for Bella. 
However, as soon as they sat down, Ian hurried in with a complicated expression. He whispered in Justin’s ear. 
“Say it openly if you have anything to say.” 
Nigel hated people whispering in front of him, so he said with a stern expression, “We’re all family here, so there’s no need to hide anything from each other, especially at my dining table.” 
“Oh, um…” Ian looked at Justin with a troubled expression. 
“Just say it,” Justin ordered with a calm expression. 
“Yes, sir.”
Ian took a deep breath and said in a low voice, “Just now… I received a call from Madam Shannon. She heard that you were dining with Old Master Nigel and didn’t dare disturb you, so she contacted me first and asked me to relay a message to you…” 
“Hmph! At least that woman is self-aware!” Nigel disliked Shannon. 
“Madam Shannon said that Ms. Gold has been diagnosed with severe depression.”
###chapter99
“What?” Justin was so shocked that he widened his eyes and dropped his fork on the floor. 
Bella’s heart turned cold when she saw how flustered Justin was because of Rosalind. 
“Ms. Gold was making a fuss at home just now and kept calling your name. She’s emotionally unstable, so Madam Shannon asks that you go over and have a look at her. She fears that Ms. Gold will do something drastic…” 
Before Ian finished speaking, Justin stood up and rushed out of the dining hall. 
“You imbecile! If you dare look for Rosalind, I won’t recognize you as my grandson!” Nigel slammed the table in anger. 
However, it was too late. Justin had already disappeared from his sight. 
“Sigh… Why am I cursed with this family? I tried so hard to turn things around. But I just can’t change Justin’s mind despite all my efforts… I’m so useless!” 
Nigel beat his chest and felt guilty for his precious granddaughter-in-law. 
Bella’s eyes were teary. She smiled slightly and patted Nigel’s back in consolation. 
“Grandpa, don’t say that. What you have done for me is enough. Justin and I are just not fated to be together…” 
Outside the villa, Justin was about to get in the car with worry plastered all over his face. 
“Mr. Salvador!”
Justin suddenly stopped and turned around. He saw Anna chasing him under the bright light. Her clear and reddish eyes glinted in the dark. 
For some reason, a hint of guilt suddenly arose in his heart. Just as he was about to say something, 
Bella beat him to it. 
“Your sister slandered my hotel employee and caused the poor girl to have an epileptic seizure. Please tell Bethany that I won’t let this slide. She must give my employee an explanation.” 
Justin furrowed his brows. He never expected that this was the reason she came chasing after him. 
As a result, the slight anticipation in Justin’s eyes dissipated instantly. 
“Although Bethany is my sister, I never interfere with her personal affairs.” 
“So, you think that this is her personal affairs, huh? I understand, then.” 
After saying that, Bella chuckled, turned around, and walked into the villa without looking back. 
Justin suddenly felt uneasy as a chill raided his body. 
‘Is Anna laughing at me?’ 
That night, Justin went to visit Rosalind, who was suffering from “severe depression”. He stayed at the Golds’ residence until the early hours of the morning before he returned, completely exhausted. 
Even though he was wary of Rosalind because of that incident with Anna, the moment he saw her diagnosis report of severe depression, the deepest and darkest part of his heart was moved. 
Depression was a trauma that he could not forget.
“Mr. Salvador, something has happened. Should we deal with it?” Ian asked hesitantly, holding his phone. 
“Huh?” Justin closed his eyes and took a rest. 
“Someone posted a video of Ms. Bethany insulting the housekeeper in the hotel… The public relations department found it in time. They were afraid that this would affect the image of Salvador Corporation, so they would like to know what your orders are.” 
“Delete it.” 
Justin’s thin lips parted, and he narrowed his eyes slightly. “Don’t let Bethany’s personal issues affect the company. Delete everything.” 
“Yes, sir!” 
Back at the villa, Justin had just gone upstairs when he saw Wilma walking out in her pajamas with a worried look on her face. 
“Wilma, didn’t I tell you not to wait up for me? I’m busy, and I come back late all the time.” Justin felt a rare surge of warmth in his heart. 
Wilma had always waited up for him since he was young. As long as he did not explicitly tell her that he was not coming back, Wilma would wait for him to come home, much like a mother would do for 
her son. 
As Wilma got older, she gradually could not keep up. Thus, Anna took over the responsibility of taking care of Justin for the past three years. She waited for him to come back every night before going to bed.
–“Justin, have you eaten? I left some food for you. It’s still warm.’ 
-“Justin, can you go to bed a little earlier next time? Your frequent headache is also related to staying up late. You’ll only improve your headaches if you start by regulating your sleep cycle.” 
“Justin… I know you don’t want to hear it, but I will say it anyway because I want you to be healthy. I don’t want you to get sick.” 
“Should I listen to you? If so, I’m just a servant, not your relative.” 
Wilma sighed angrily. “Sigh… If only Young Madam was here. That way, I can save some energy. 
Young Madam has really taken good care of you for the past three years. Her pretty little face became so haggard over the years after she married you. It makes me heartbroken just thinking about it.’
###chapter100
Wilma said, “Young Master, you’re not lucky enough to keep the young madam.” 
Justin felt that he was in a trance. He could see Anna’s clear and innocent eyes with a hint of grievance. 
He would never receive such care from her again, and it would be a lie to say that he was not disappointed. 
“Anna is not my blessing. She’s my downfall.” 
Justin returned to the bedroom with a gloomy face and saw a box on the coffee table. 
He recognized it as the box from the tailor’s shop. He thought that the suit must have been repaired, so he hurriedly stepped forward to unwrap it. 
The high-quality suit was lying in the box. 
The lining was redone. At first glance, there were almost no stitches visible on the surface. It was indeed good workmanship. 
Justin smiled with satisfaction. 
“Young Master, you still have feelings for the young madam, right?” Wilma asked happily when she saw that he was so focused on the suit.” 
“It’s a nice suit, so I don’t want it to go to waste,” Justin replied while stroking the smooth and crisp collar. 
“The young madam has spent more time and energy on you, and not just with this suit.”
Wilma sighed. Her eyes were downcast. “Come with me, Young Master.” 
They went to the room where Anna once lived. 
Wilma opened the closet door in a corner and said, “Young Master, look.” 
Justin saw various boxes of different sizes and colors neatly arranged on the wardrobe shelves. 
He was stunned. “This is…” 
“These are the gifts that the young madam has prepared for you in the past three years.” 
Justin felt as if he had been struck by lightning. His broad shoulders were shaken. 
“These are your birthday gifts, Valentine’s Day gifts, wedding anniversary gifts, and so many more. The young madam also said that she prepared gifts for the anniversary of your first meeting. Even if it was an insignificant day, she would prepare a gift as long as it was related to you. Even though she knew that you had always dismissed her, she still insisted on preparing them carefully, as if she wanted to prove something to herself.” 
Justin felt his pupils shrink. His chest felt sore and stuffy. 
“I don’t know how sincere Ms. Gold is to you, but I know that the young madam loves you to the core. Don’t say that I’m being partial. I will only recognize the young madam, and I won’t accept any other mistresses.” 
Wilma was furious when she thought of Rosalind’s duplicitous attitude. “Young Master, although I’m just a servant, I still heard that Ms. Gold sold off the necklace that you gave her at the auction. How could they just sell it when you put so much effort into making that necklace? Why didn’t Ms. Gold stop them?”
“Wilma, please don’t mention this again, okay?” Justin said in a deep voice to interrupt her. 
“Do you know how much the young madam likes that necklace? Do you know how envious she was when she heard that you were going to give that necklace to Ms. Gold? She even cried!” Wilma whispered in a trembling voice. She could not help but speak for Anna. 
Justin was startled. He clenched his fists tightly. 
‘She cried? That woman actually cried secretly because she couldn’t get a necklace?’ 
Wilma took out an exquisite brocade box from the cabinet and opened it in front of him. 
In an instant, Justin felt that his body was drained of blood. He stared at the box in shock. 
Everything inside that box belonged to him. He did not even remember some of them. 
The crystal cufflinks he accidentally lost, the tie he no longer wanted, the lighter he left aside for too long-all of these were carefully collected in this box. 
“If it were the young madam, she would never sell your gifts. She even kept the tie you discarded. She would never do anything to hurt your feelings!” 
“Rose didn’t know about the necklace being sold. If she knew, she would never allow her family to do this.” Justin clenched his fists tightly. His chest was filled with bitterness which spread to his throat. 
Justin could not tell whether he was making excuses for himself or Rosalind. 
“Hah! Well, there’s a saying where I come from that we can never wake a person who is pretending to sleep.” 
Wilma shook her head in despair and left with a sigh.
Justin found himself frozen there, with mixed feelings in his heart. 
It turned out that during the three years Anna was married to him, she was pretending to be virtuous, kind, and generous. She had a temper, and she got jealous, but she just gritted her teeth and endured 
it anyway. 
But if she once cared so much about him, how did she become so cold to him? 
Justin gritted his teeth. His jaw was tense, and his cold eyes were unconvinced.
###chapter101
The morning sun was warm. 
Bella woke up on her big and soft bed. She stuck out her perky little butt under the quilt and languidly stretched her slender arms forward, looking like a sleepy kitten. 
As usual, she put on a white sports suit and went kayaking on the lake in the backyard. 
Steven was already dressed and waiting for his boss to come ashore with a water bottle in his right hand and a clean towel draped on his right arm. 
“All the videos online regarding Bethany insulting our hotel employee have been deleted. The keyword searches have also disappeared.” 
Steven handed Bella a white towel and thoughtfully opened the water bottle for her. “Although there has been some discussion about it online, those will be suppressed soon. I’m afraid the matter will fizzle out.” 
“Of course. Salvador Corporation’s public relations team and legal team are second to none in Savrow. Justin has bought them all over.” Bella panted lightly as she wiped the beads of sweat flowing down her cheeks. 
“So, Justin Salvador asked them to delete those videos?” Steven’s eyes widened. 
Bella flicked her hair and tipped her chin up as she took a gulp of water. Her eyes were dark and bottomless. 
Although Bella was just drinking water, her slender neck was stretched out in a seductive arc, made Steven’s heart tremble.
which 
“It’s human instinct to avoid calamities and seek advantages. Justin only cares about his interests.” 
Bella raised the back of her hand to wipe away the water droplets on her lips. She laughed self- deprecatingly and said, “If only I had met him as a business rival first, I would never have fallen in love with this man.” 
She had met the wrong person at the wrong time. 
Her love for Justin was completely incongruous with her values and principles. 
“Then how do you plan to fight back next?” 
Bella’s harmless-looking eyes turned shrewd and cunning as she came up with a great idea. 
“That girl hasn’t been discharged from the hospital yet, right? Let’s go to the hotel for the inspection and the meeting, then we’ll go to the hospital to see how she’s doing.” 
A few hours later, the hotel’s housekeeping staff, Skye, had been transferred to the general ward at 
the Thompson Hospital. When Skye saw the general manager coming to visit her in person, she hurriedly wanted to get up from the bed to greet Bella. 
Bella hurriedly stepped forward to hold her down and said with a friendly smile, “Lie down, Skye. You don’t need to be nervous. Your recovery is more important.” 
“Ms. Thompson… I’m sorry for causing you trouble!” 
Skye lowered her head in shame. “I didn’t know that I had epilepsy. I didn’t mean to hide my health condition from the company… I really didn’t know this would happen… It’s all my fault…”
“I’ve checked your medical records and found that this is your first time having a seizure. You didn’t have this symptom before, so I know that you didn’t hide it from your health declaration. Don’t blame yourself.” Bella smiled lightly. 
“Please deduct the hospitalization and medical bills from my salary.” 
“No need. This is considered a work-related injury, so the hotel will foot the bill for you.” 
“Thank you, Ms. Thompson.” Skye was so touched that tears welled up in her eyes. 
“I came here this time to ask you something.” 
Bella said in a solemn and soft voice, “What do you want to do about Bethany Salvador?” 
“She’s the daughter of the Chairman of Salvador Corporation, and I’m a nobody. What can I do? I noticed that all the videos online were deleted this morning. It seems that ordinary people like me don’t even have the power to speak out through the media…” Skye lowered her head in frustration. 
Bella narrowed her charming eyes and spoke in a resounding voice, “Salvador Corporation is robbing you of the right to speak out, but I won’t.” 
Skye stared at Bella in surprise. “You want me to…” 
Bella said calmly, “If you want Bethany to apologize to you, you will need to make this big. In turn, you’ll have more exposure, which will more or less affect your life. I’m here to ask for your opinion on the matter since you are the one most affected. Although I am your boss, I won’t do anything against your wishes.” 
“I… I want Bethany to apologize to me, even if it’s just in private…”
“No, don’t settle this privately. I want this to be made public.” Bella always spoke concisely and to the point. She was never one to beat around the bush. 
“You… You want her to apologize to me publicly? How is that possible?” Skye gaped her mouth in disbelief. 
“Skye, Bethany will never settle this privately or apologize to you because she has humiliated you in front of so many people.” 
Steven said gently, “Bethany will have no choice but to apologize to you if we force her into the public eye.” 
“Forget it, Ms. Thompson. I don’t want to cause trouble for the hotel.” Skye was frightened, and she hurriedly shook her head. 
“Don’t be afraid. If Bethany dares to retaliate against you, she will be digging her own grave. I have my own reasons to do this too.” 
Bella smiled confidently. “If you agree to have this made public, just leave it to me. I won’t let my employees suffer in vain.” 
She would not let Justin sweep this under the rug!
###chapter102
Bella did not mind the divorce, but she must never lose in business. 
After coming out of the ward, Bella put on her sunglasses to cover the emotions surging in her eyes. 
She dialed her fourth brother’s phone number. 
“Baby sis, I’m so glad that you finally think of me!” 
Drew sounded aggrieved as he said, “Did you know? Ax laughed at me, saying that you gave me the cold shoulder. I panicked, damn it! Of all people, I can’t lose to that idiot!” 
“You’re my brother, too. Why do you make it sound like you need to compete for my love?” 
At that moment, Bella paused and said in a soft voice, “Drew, can you please help me with something?” 
“Please? Please?! Oh no… It’s over. Do you not love me anymore? Have we grown so far apart?” 
Drew started to act up again. He said dramatically, “You actually said ‘please’ to me. It looks like I have to move back here as soon as possible. Otherwise, you’ll forget my handsome face in another two years!” 
“Drew, are you done with that act?! I want you to do me a favor!” Bella could not stand it anymore and yelled into her phone, causing the doctors and nurses passing by to look at her oddly. 
They were wondering why such a pretty girl had such an explosive temper. 
“That’s more like it. I feel much better now if you talk like this. So, what do you need help with?” 
Drew asked with a smile.
Bella’s eyes darkened. She lowered her voice and said, “I will release a video tomorrow, and I hope you can use some special methods to prevent the video from being taken down.” 
“How long do you want it to stay online?” 
“At least until the news spreads.” 
“Sure, that’s easy. But don’t you want to express your gratitude to me for helping you? Hmm?” Drew’s voice was languid and husky, which was particularly attractive. 
“What do you want?” Bella raised her eyebrows and asked frankly. 
“I want to beat Justin up to vent my anger. Is that okay?” 
Bella’s lips twitched. 
“Get lost!” 
The next day at Salvador Corporation, Justin was sitting at the head of the massive conference table. 
His eyes were cold and stern, and his handsome face was solemn. Just sitting there, he looked so awe- inspiring and aloof. 
“I want the land in Waverly East District as soon as possible. All departments must coordinate well so that we can win the bid…” 
While Justin was talking, someone glanced at his phone. His eyes widened, and he patted the person next to him. 
The news spread throughout the conference room faster than a virus. In just a few seconds, almost everyone in the conference room was aware of what happened.
“Is this the first day you all have a meeting with me? Don’t you know my rules?” Justin glared at the crowd, which was frightening. 
At this time, Justin’s phone also vibrated. 
He lowered his long, dark eyelashes and tapped twice on the screen. What he saw shocked him. 
After the meeting, Justin returned to the office with a glum face. 
“Didn’t you delete Bethany’s video? Why is it on the trending topics again?” 
“It was posted this morning, and our public relations team had no time to respond.” 
Ian was so worried that he started sweating nervously. “I have sent someone to contact the platform to remove the video, but the video can’t be deleted.” 
“Can’t be deleted? Do you think this joke is funny?” 
Justin’s heart was pounding fiercely, and his temples were throbbing. His tone was as cold as an iceberg as he said, “I don’t want to see Bethany Salvador’s name on any of the social media platforms within the next half an hour!” 
He would nip everything in the bud that threatened Salvador Corporation. 
“Mr. Salvador, look at this!” 
Ian was shocked and quickly handed the phone to Justin. 
At this moment, the number one trending topic has been replaced by another tag-# AngelRescuingHotelStaff.
Justin pursed his thin lips tightly and clicked on the article. 
The next second, he felt a strong surge of anger rising in his chest. His pupils shrank. 
Anna was rescuing the housekeeper in the video. Someone filmed the whole process and showed Anna’s face clearly. 
Justin felt inexplicably flustered to have his ex-wife exposed in the public eye.
###chapter103
At this moment, the air in the general manager’s office of KS World Hotel was freezing. 
Bella stood facing the large floor-to-ceiling window with her hands behind her back. Her slim and beautiful figure looked invincible. 
“Who asked you to release that video?” 
“You said you wanted something to attract the public’s attention…. 
Steven stood behind Bella with a gloomy face. 
“Steven, as my personal secretary and someone who grew up with me, you should know what worries me the most!” 
Bella slowly looked back at him. “I know that you’re doing things for me, but you’re also bringing in your personal feelings. I know what you’re thinking. You want to use this to help me gain popularity and use my kind image to contrast Bethany’s vile behavior.” 
The more she spoke, the lower Steven’s head dropped. 
That was because every word struck a chord in his heart. 
“But I don’t need that attention.” 
Bella’s eyes turned colder. “What I did wasn’t a big deal. It was the least I could do when my employee had a seizure. No matter how much I dislike Bethany, I don’t need to suppress her by showing off. Once a good deed gets thrown into the public eye, its motive changes.” 
“I’m sorry, Ms. Bella. I just wanted to…”
“I don’t care what you think.” 
Bella turned around and picked up her phone with an expressionless face. “I’m going to call Asher now and ask him to take you back. Your behavior isn’t in line with my style.” 
“Please, don’t!” 
Steven turned pale with fright. He hurriedly stepped forward and grabbed Bella’s wrist. “You can punish me in any way you want! I don’t mind cleaning the hotel’s toilet or washing dishes in the kitchen. You can cut all my salary! Just please don’t make me leave you, okay?” 
Bella frowned slightly. Her wrists were hurting from his grip. 
However, his scorching gaze at this moment frightened her even more. 
Steven came from a judicial family. His father was a chief judge, and his mother was a well-known litigator. His two elder brothers also held important positions in the judiciary. Although Steven’s family was not filthy rich, the Lovetts were a respectable family in Hatchbay. As the youngest of the Lovett family, Steven received the best education and was pampered in every way. 
However, this man really humbled himself for Bella and KS Group. Steven could have had a brighter future, but he was willing to sacrifice himself to be her personal secretary. 
Thinking of this, Bella became soft-hearted. She sighed and said, “Fine. This is the last time I will condone such behavior.” 
“Thank you, Ms. Bella! I will never make decisions without your approval in the future!” Steven’s eyes lit up. He looked like he was about to cry tears of joy. 
“Tsk! Also, keep your hands to yourself.” Bella lowered her eyelashes slightly and scowled.
Only then did Steven realize that he was still holding onto Bella’s wrist. His heart was beating rapidly, and his cheeks felt hot as he quickly withdrew his hand. 
He could feel her lingering warmth on his palm. 
“So, what do you want to do about your viral video?” 
“I will tell Drew to handle it. Come with me.” 
Bella pointed at the suit jacket on the hanger. Steven understood what she wanted and hurriedly took it off the hanger and helped her put it on, like a butler. 
“Let’s go meet Bethany.” 
When Bethany found out that she was on the trending topics again, she was anxious. 
“Mom! What should we do now?!” 
Bethany called Shannon anxiously and complained. “I finally made the trending topic, but now that bumpkin is stealing my spotlight! She’s deliberately making me look bad!”
###chapter104
“Are you stupid? Don’t you know why you went viral? You don’t feel ashamed but proud of yourself?!” Shannon shouted angrily. 
Bethany held her forehead in annoyance. Of course, she was not as stupid as her mother said. She was just distracted because Anna was also on the trending topics. 
“What should I do now? This negativity isn’t good for me. I couldn’t do anything, especially when the news about Anna’s rescue was leaked. Should I let that bumpkin steal the limelight?!” 
“I have already told your father about your predicament. He asked you to lay low. Don’t comment on anything.” 
Shannon’s voice was low as she continued, “Justin will definitely help you solve this matter because he won’t let anything affect Salvador Corporation’s interests. Just calm down and don’t act out. Do you understand?” 
Bethany’s face brightened slightly after being comforted by her mother. She hung up the phone and continued to visit her boutique with the two friends that she brought to the hotel that day. 
At this moment, a top-of-the-line Rolls-Royce slowly came to a stop in front of EV Boutique. 
Bella, who was wearing an haute couture blue suit, got out of the car and walked into the boutique with Steven right at her heels. 
As soon as Bella appeared, she attracted the attention of all the store employees. She was so beautiful, fashionable, and regal.
“Hello, Miss. How can I help you today?” The store attendant came up to Bella and greeted her. Bella was so stunning that the store attendant completely ignored Steven, the handsome secretary behind Bella. 
“Tell your boss, Bethany Salvador, to come out. I don’t need anyone but her to serve me.” Bella got straight to the point. 
“Oh, um…” 
“I know she is upstairs. She will regret it if she keeps me waiting for a long time.” 
“May I know your name?” 
Bella’s crimson lips curled up mockingly, but she was so beautiful that the store attendant was in a daze. “Tell her that I’m Ms. Brown.” 
The store attendant dared not delay another moment and went upstairs to inform Bethany. 
When Bethany heard that a beautiful woman named Ms. Brown came to see her, she was stunned. She wanted to throw something to vent her anger, but when she recalled that she was in her boutique, she suppressed her rage. That was because everything in the store was expensive. Bethany was still 
contemplating what to do when one of her friends spoke. 
“Beth, I saw that viral video of yours. That despicable woman probably leaked it!” Amy spoke indignantly. 
“Yeah! Since she’s here, you can’t let her off the hook! This is a good opportunity to vent your anger. “We will definitely stand by your side and help you teach her a lesson! Let’s go and meet her!”
Her friends fanned the flames, so Bethany felt emboldened and infuriated. Thus, she led her friends downstairs in great fanfare. 
“Anna! You shameless bitch! How dare you come to me?!” 
|| 
At this moment, Bella crossed her slender legs that were hidden under her wrinkle-free pants. She was sipping some black tea from an expensive teacup, looking as leisurely as if she were at home. 
“Ms. Salvador, is this how you do business? Aren’t you afraid of damaging your reputation by cussing out your customers?” 
“What kind of customer are you?! You’re just a gold digger who wants to cozy up to my brother just so you can get a share of our family fortune!” Bethany pointed at Bella’s face with her expensive crystal manicure. 
There were no other customers in the store at the moment. Only the store attendants were present. 
When everyone heard this, they looked at each other. 
They could not believe that this regal lady was a gold digger because she looked so extraordinary. She was so elegant and stunning that even her hair was shining. How could she be a gold digger like Bethany said? 
“Fine. I’ll be frank with you. I’m not here to buy anything. After all, the things you have here are only third-rate at best. None of your merchandise caught my eye.” Bella smiled calmly. 
Bella did not think that it was worth getting mad at the superficial and stupid woman in front of her.
Bethany wanted to fight back, but her arrogance suddenly faltered when she saw the priceless brooch, “The Twilight God”, on Bella’s chest. 
“The purpose of my visit is simple.” 
Bella put down her tea cup without even raising her eyelids. “Please hold a press conference to apologize to my hotel employee, whom you have slandered and hospitalized.”
###chapter105
“Did you hear that? This woman actually wants me to apologize to that housekeeper. Hahahaha… Did you get hit in the head?” 
Bethany covered her stomach and laughed out loud. Her two plastic friends behind her also trembled with laughter. 
“Beth went to your hotel to spend money, but your hotel staff broke her necklace and provided such poor service. Why can’t Beth reprimand your staff to vent her anger?” 
“That’s right! You still have the nerve to come over and ask Beth to apologize… Do you think that you own the hotel? Why are you so hung up over it?” 
Steven narrowed his eyes and thought, ‘If these two bimbos knew that all of the KS World Hotels in the country belonged to the woman in front of them, they would probably be so frightened that they would cut off their tongues.’ 
“Aren’t you afraid that this incident will affect the image of Salvador Corporation that your brother worked so hard to maintain? Aren’t you afraid of disgracing the Salvador family?” Bella glanced at Bethany. 
“Hmph! Don’t try to scare me. I’m not the president of Salvador Corporation, so I don’t care!” 
Bethany rolled her eyes disapprovingly. “Besides, it’s Justin’s duty as president to worry about the company and bear all risks, including handling such matters. Otherwise, what’s the use of him sitting in such a high position? Since my father asked him to be president, he would have to show everyone some achievements, right?” 
The store attendants around were stunned to hear this.
Bella could not help but sneer. 
On the surface, the Salvador family looked harmonious. In fact, they used each other secretly and had their own agendas. 
Bethany looked down on Justin. To her and Shannon, Justin was an “illegitimate son” who would clean up their mess. Shannon and Bethany seemed useless and cowardly, but they were despicable. 
When Bella married Justin, she had already seen through the Salvador family’s true colors. If she had not been deeply in love with Justin, she would not have been able to stay with them for so long. 
“Ms. Salvador, even if you don’t consider Salvador Corporation’s image, you should consider your own reputation, right?” 
“Stop trying to scare me! Anna, don’t think that I’m afraid of you because you have Mr. Thompson as your backer. The Salvador family isn’t weak either!” 
Bethany put her hands on her hips and yelled. “Where’s the security guard? Kick this bumpkin out of my store! This woman lowered my boutique’s standards!” 
The two security guards rushed over and wanted to drag Bella out. 
Bella still remained seated and motionless. Steven’s eyebrows twitched when he saw the security guards approaching Bella, so he kicked them down effortlessly. 
After all, Steven had a black belt in Taekwondo, so he was more than qualified to deal with these two security guards. 
Bethany screamed in fright, but the store attendants around her blushed with excitement. 
They all thought that Steven was handsome and even wanted to find an opportunity to get his number.
“Ms. Salvador, since you’re so clueless, I have no choice but to show you something else.” 
With that said, Bella took out her phone and beckoned to Bethany. “Here, let me show you something interesting.” 
Bethany did not want others to think that she was timid, so she went over to the woman whose smile made her heart tremble. 
She came close to the phone screen and was shocked, angry, and ashamed when she noticed what was on it. 
Bella calmly showed Bethany a few photos. 
Bethany thought, ‘What happened?! I’ve asked those two people to delete the photos. How could this be…?’ 
Bella stopped showing the photos to Bethany and put away her phone with a calm expression. “My request is very simple. Make a public apology to my employee, and I will delete all these photos. If you insist on being stubborn, you probably know what I’ll do next.” 
Bethany was so angry that her lips were trembling. She panicked. 
Shannon had raised Bethany to be a proper elite lady so that she could marry into a wealthy family like the Hoffman family. If these photos got leaked, her reputation would be ruined. Ryan would not like Bethany anymore. 
Thinking of this, Bethany was infuriated. She quickly reached over to grab Bella’s phone. 
Bella raised her eyebrows and dodged easily.
Bethany fell on the sofa in embarrassment. Her eyes turned red with anger, and she raised her hand to slap Bella. 
Slap-! 
The crisp slap made everyone gasp in shock. 
Bella’s stunning features were as cold as ice, and her wrist strength was terrifying. Bella struck 
Bethany with a backhand slap. 
“Ah!” 
Five red fingerprint marks suddenly appeared on Bethany’s oval face. 
All this happened in the blink of an eye. 
It was so fast that no one knew how it happened. 
Steven secretly cheered and thought, ‘That’s what you get for trying to hit Bella!’ 
Bethany’s two friends, who had previously said they would support Bethany, were so frightened that their faces turned pale. They even hid in the back for fear of getting implicated. 
“You! How dare you hit me?!” Bethany stared at Bella’s face in shock while her cheek was numb with pain.
###chapter106
“If not? Should I wait for a rabid dog like you to bite me before I hit you?” Bella glared at Bethany and dusted off her hands. 
“Rabid dog?! How dare you call me a rabid dog?!” Bethany was livid. 
Just then, the door to the boutique opened. 
Bella raised her long eyelashes and suddenly met a piercing gaze. 
The next second, Justin’s tall build appeared in the store under everyone’s shocked gaze. 
Bella and Justin were both startled to see each other at the boutique. 
Bella immediately averted her gaze, as if he were a mere stranger. 
Justin pursed his thin lips. His eyes were dark, and he felt very anxious. 
“Justin!” 
When Bethany saw Justin, she thought that he was her savior, so she got up and ran to him with tears in her eyes. She quickly complained before Bella could say a word. “Anna is crazy! She actually hit me! Justin, you have to stand up for me!” 
“I hit her. Her cheek should still be warm from the slap.” Bella admitted it with a contemptuous smile. 
“What are you doing here?” Justin looked at her with cold eyes. 
“What do you think?” 
Back then, Anna would look at Justin with sparkling eyes that were filled with hope.
At this moment, Justin could no longer find the light of desire in her eyes. She was like an emotionless 
doll. 
Justin’s chest tightened as complicated emotions filled his heart. 
“Justin! Anna actually asked me to hold a press conference to apologize to her hotel employee. I didn’t agree to it, so she threatened me and even hit me!” 
Seeing that Justin was indifferent to her being slapped, Bethany cried with all her strength. “Justin! These people witnessed it! Anna bullied me!” 
“Anna, is it not enough that the video online caused a negative backlash for Salvador Corporation? Now, you want us to hold a press conference?” 
Justin frowned, and his voice was deep and cold. “Don’t you think you’re going overboard?” 
Steven could not bear it anymore. He was about to step forward to argue with Justin, but Bella grabbed him and pulled him behind her. 
This move infuriated Justin. Since their divorce, his ex-wife has been giving him the cold shoulder, so 
Justin felt like he finally had an opportunity to vent his anger. 
“I don’t feel like I’m going overboard. I feel like I’m seeking justice.” Bella’s eyes were as dark as the muzzle of a gun. 
“Ha! I don’t care whether you’re seeking justice or working for Asher. I won’t let you get your way.” 
“Then there’s nothing to talk about. I’m leaving.”
Bella raised her eyebrows proudly, put one hand in the pocket of her trousers, and left without hesitation. 
“Wait, wait!” 
Thinking that the photos were still with Anna, Bethany was so anxious that she started sweating.” Justin, Anna photoshopped indecent photos of me in an attempt to smear my reputation! That way, she can force me to apologize. You can’t just let her leave!” 
Justin’s eyes turned cold, and he strode over to block her path. 
“Give me your phone.” 
“Why should I? Who do you think you are?” Bella sneered, feeling annoyed. 
Justin quickly grabbed the phone from her hand. 
Bethany saw this and secretly rejoiced. 
Sure enough, Shannon was right. Justin would help them clean up their mess, no matter what. He was indeed a useful tool. 
“Justin! Give it back to me!” 
Bella was so anxious that her breathing was unsteady. She stretched out her slender hand and clawed 
at Justin like a little monkey. 
However, she accidentally tripped on her sky-high heels and fell firmly into the man’s warm and 
hard chest.
When Bella fell, Justin subconsciously wrapped his arms around her thin waist. 
Bella was ashamed and furious. Her cheeks were as red as ripe cherries. 
Through the smooth and delicate fabric of Justin’s shirt, Bella could feel the shape of his pectorals. 
They were so damn perfect. 
Justin narrowed his dark eyes and focused on Bella’s phone. 
He held Bella’s waist with one hand and her phone with the other. 
He remembered that her lock screen password was “0923”, but he did not know if she had changed it 
since then. 
Justin quickly pressed four numbers with his thumb and unlocked the phone.
###chapter107
Bella shouted, “Asshole! Give it back to me!” 
Bella’s face was red as her body clung to Justin’s. Her left hand was resting on his broad shoulder to 
maintain her balance. 
She was trying to climb on him like a little monkey, but Justin held onto her tightly. 
Bella’s heart trembled when Justin’s grip around her waist tightened with a hint of possessiveness. 
Through the thin and smooth fabric, Bella could feel the heat from Justin’s body on her palm. 
However, Justin stared at Bella’s phone with focus. His handsome face was as expressionless as an old 
monk in a trance. 
Everyone was shocked to see Bella cursing at Justin. More importantly, Justin did not even get mad at 
her. 
Steven was so anxious that he started sweating. He wanted to pull Bella back, but he could not reach 
her. 
Bethany was also dumbfounded to see the two of them like this. They were not even so close when 
they were married. Why were they so intimate after getting divorced? 
Bethany’s two plastic friends were so jealous of Bella for snuggling up to Justin that they almost
chewed off their perfectly manicured nails. 
Justin frowned slightly and quickly deleted all of Bethany’s indecent photos. 
“Anna, why did you become so despicable after our divorce?” 
After he said this, he put her phone back into her pants pocket and released her waist. 
“Hah! You’re a lot more despicable than I am!” 
Bella hurriedly took two steps back, dusted herself off, and looked disgusted. 
“I got those photos based on my own merit, unlike you, Mr. Salvador. You couldn’t defeat me, so you 
just reached out and stole it from me. You’re an uncultured swine!” 
The store attendants snickered and thought, ‘Then he’s certainly the most handsome pig in history!’ 
Justin’s face darkened, and his thin lips were pursed. 
He was mad at Anna for calling him an uncultured swine in front of so many people, but what irked him more was the ruthless look in her eyes. She was getting estranged from him. 
How much did she hate him to look at him with such disgust? 
After they signed the divorce papers, she had been causing trouble for him. He thought that he was kind enough to hold back until now, but she even humiliated him. 
Justin felt a surge of anger and grievance. He took a step forward, stared at her condescendingly, and looked her straight in the eyes.
“Anna, you’re only so arrogant to me because you’re my ex-wife, wife? Do you think that you can repeatedly challenge my bottom line just because we have been married before? Has a contractual marriage emboldened you to do whatever you want with me? Rose doesn’t even dare to treat me like this. How dare you?!” 
His voice was deep and low, so no one except Bella could hear what he was saying. 
Despite this, Bella’s eyes turned red in anger. 
Justin had never looked her in the eyes for the past three years and had crushed her arrogant self- esteem time and time again with his neglect. Even so, she had never regretted loving Justin or becoming his wife. 
But at this moment, Bella started to regret her past. 
Bella laughed angrily and forced herself to sweep away the hint of vulnerability in her eyes. “Rosalind doesn’t dare because she cares about you, and I dare because you no longer mean anything to me.” 
Justin’s brows twitched in surprise. The next second, Bella gritted her white teeth and grabbed Justin’s expensive blue tie, pulling him forward. 
“Do you want me to be grateful for that marriage? Sorry, but I’m not.” 
Their eyes met, and only one last inch of precarious distance remained between them. 
Justin felt his tie tighten. His heart shrank because of the way she looked at him with such hatred. 
“To put it bluntly, I can’t bear to look back on how I got through those three years. Do you think marrying you is such an honor? Do you think that being your ex-wife is something that I can show off to others?”
###chapter108
Bella said, “No. You think too highly of yourself. If possible, I’d like to erase you from my life completely. If I could, I wish I had never loved you.” 
Justin’s pupils shrank. His soul felt shaken, and his throat, which was being strangled, felt bitter and dry. 
Every word she said was more ruthless than the previous. 
When he returned to his senses, Bella had already let go of his tie and walked past him. 
Steven hurriedly chased after Bella. When he passed by Justin, he glared at him angrily. 
He did not hear what they said to each other just now, but he believed that Justin would not say anything nice to Bella. 
“Justin! Did you delete those photos? That bumpkin is so shameless! She dared to threaten me… Fortunately, you came to help me. Otherwise, our family’s reputation would be ruined.” 
Bethany ran over with excitement and wanted to hold Justin’s arm. She wanted to show off to 
everyone that she was close to her brother. 
Unexpectedly, Justin was still affected by what his ex-wife said. His face was gloomy, and he glared at Bethany. 
Bethany hesitated for a second and withdrew her hand sheepishly. 
“Are those photos really photoshopped?”
“What?” Bethany was startled. 
“Otherwise, how could Anna blackmail you?” Justin exuded a strong chill in his eyes. 
Bethany was stunned. She felt like Justin was not completely on her side. 
His heart still seemed to favor Anna. 
“I’m not blind. I saw what happened that day.” 
Justin looked away. “Since this incident has escalated out of control, you need to hold a press 
conference tomorrow night and apologize to the hotel staff.” 
“What?!” 
Bethany was shocked and furious. Her features contorted in anger. “Why?! The customer is king! I 
spent money in their hotel, but their service was poor, and they broke 
and they broke my necklace. It’s within my right to complain! So why should I apologize?!” 
Suddenly, the big screen on the second floor of the boutique lit up. 
The surveillance footage was played on the screen, attracting everyone’s attention. 
The scene showed two sexy women in designer clothes posing in front of the reflective door in the elevator of the KS World Hotel. They were none other than Bethany’s two plastic friends. 
“Ugh! I want to gag. Bethany thinks she’s all that after buying this stupid necklace. She’s such a snob!” 
–“If it weren’t for the fact that she was generous enough to pay for us, no one would want to be
friends with her.” 
“Don’t you think she’s such a fool? Hahahaha…” 
–“Hmph! It was so fun to see her frantically looking for the necklace just now! Bethany wouldn’t, in a million years, imagine that we would break her necklace and hide it in the room. Haha! Let her make a fuss. She’s the one embarrassing herself anyway!” 
By the end of the video, the two plastic friends were so frightened that their faces paled. 
Bethany was so angry that she could breathe fire. She gritted her teeth with hatred and walked over to them step by step. 
“Beth, it’s not what it seems!” 
The two women panicked and backed away. “Listen to our explanation! We’ve been framed!” 
“You two bitches! How dare you spend my money and break my things?! I’m going to rip you apart!” 
Bethany screamed and disregarded her image as an elite lady, rushing at her plastic friends with 
bared teeth and claws.
###chapter109
Bella got into the car and said nothing the whole time. 
She felt helpless, like a waterlogged robot. 
When she thought of the infuriating words Justin said to her, she felt like she was drenched in ice water. Her body shook with rage. 
Bella wondered why she had not noticed what a despicable and shameless person Justin was. 
Sure enough, it was true that love made people blind and numb to reality. 
“Ms. Bella, I have released the video as you requested. Look! Bethany and her two best friends got into a fight!” 
Steven quickly showed Bella the footage on his phone. 
Bella raised her eyelids and saw three women beating each other up. The scene was gory. 
“Tsk, tsk! Women are really ruthless when they beat other women. Ms. Salvador is quite good at fighting. She’s one against two, but she’s still undefeated. It’s a pity that she doesn’t wrestle as a sport,” Steven said with a gloating smile. 
“Hmph! They’re just slapping each other and pulling each other’s hair. There’s no technique to it at 
all. What fun is that?” 
Even though she said that, her eyes did not leave the screen. 
Needless to say, watching these three women clawing at each other appeased her anger.
“Ms. Bella, did Justin really delete all the photos?” 
Steven’s eyes turned red with anger when he thought of Justin hugging Bella’s waist so frivolously. 
However, Steven thought about how Bella and Justin used to be married and figured that they had probably done more intimate things in the past three years. Steven had no right to be angry. 
“He will definitely delete it. Even if he doesn’t like Bethany, he still has to take the Salvador family’s 
reputation into consideration. He always puts the big picture first and is ruthless when necessary.” 
Bella sighed softly and unlocked her phone. 
She never expected that Justin would remember her password. He had probably accidentally seen it 
when she unlocked her phone one day and remembered it all those years. 
But it did not matter if he remembered her password. He would never know the meaning behind those digits-“0923”. 
That was the day Justin rescued Bella on the mountain thirteen years ago, the day they met for the 
first time. 
Perhaps her heart was never worth anything to him. 
“Ms. Bella, what should we do next? Justin destroyed those photos that we have on Bethany, so Bethany won’t give in.” Steven frowned and sighed. 
Suddenly, Bella’s eyes widened. “Huh?” 
She saw Justin’s phone number was on her call history.
‘That sneaky bastard!’ 
In the evening, Justin returned to Tideview Manor. 
It was raining outside. When he saw the drops of water on the car window, he felt as if he were seeing Anna’s bright and teary eyes. 
However, her eyes were filled with resentment, which only worsened his mood. 
Justin stretched out his neck. The neon light outside the window outlined his chiseled jaw, adding some charm to his stern face. 
He raised his hand and tugged on his meticulously tied Windsor knot. The silky fabric felt like her 
slender waist. 
His Adam’s apple bobbed uncontrollably and his breathing was uneven. He tried his best to stop thinking about Anna’s watery eyes, but it was useless. 
That woman was getting bolder. 
In the past three years of marriage, she did not even dare to hold his hand. After their divorce, she 
decided to provoke him in public. 
She was so disrespectful! 
“Mr. Salvador…” Ian, who was sitting in the passenger seat, called out to Justin timidly. 
“What?” 
Justin was frustrated thinking about Anna, so his tone was harsh.
“Um… Ms. Bethany making a fuss in KS World Hotel has gained traction online. Netizens are now commenting on how the elites are trampling on other people’s self-esteem just because they are rich. What should we do?” 
“Just let it be.” 
“I’m afraid that Madam Shannon will complain to Chairman Gregory, and he’ll make things difficult for you.” Ian was concerned. 
Justin’s eyes darkened as he sneered. “I’m not scared, so what are you afraid of?” 
Ian’s phone beeped. 
“Mr. Salvador, here’s the surveillance footage you requested.” 
Justin raised his eyes and took the phone. 
In the surveillance footage, he could see the confrontation between Anna and Bethany at the store. Bethany was arrogant and unrelenting. She even wanted to hit Anna, but Anna defended herself first.
###chapter110
Justin raised his eyebrows. His noble and ascetic face was as cold as ice. 
What he felt earlier was nothing in comparison to the rage he felt at that moment. 
Justin had just returned home and changed his clothes when Gregory called him to the study. 
“Sob… Daddy! You must stand up for me! I feel so wronged and miserable!” 
Bethany cried until her tears soaked Gregory’s shirt. Her face was covered in tears and scratch marks 
from the fight she had with her friends in the afternoon. The corners of her lips were also cracked, so 
she looked miserable. 
Gregory was sitting on the sofa. Bethany had always presented herself as a well-bred lady, so when she looked so wretched, Gregory hurriedly reached out and stroked her hair to comfort her. 
“Your brother is back. I’ll ask him what’s going on when he comes in.” 
“This matter is getting bigger now. I’ve already received several calls today asking me about Bethany, 
and I don’t know how to answer them.” 
Shannon loved her daughter, so her eyes turned red with worry. “Bethany is being criticized online. How can she possibly show herself in public in the future? What would other wealthy families in 
Savrow think of us?” 
“Shannon, don’t worry. I won’t let our daughter suffer this grievance.”
Gregory frowned and looked angry. 
At this time, the door opened. Justin walked in expressionlessly. 
“Justin, why didn’t you deal with the video in time? It’s going viral for all the wrong reasons! Don’t you think that you’re lacking as the president of Salvador Corporation?” Gregory hugged Bethany and scolded Justin. 
“Salvador Corporation has a public relations department and a legal department. Each department 
has its own director.” 
Justin’s eyes were calm, and his tone was low. “I am the president of Salvador Corporation, but I’m 
not a nanny. Some things aren’t under my jurisdiction, so I don’t have to intervene.” 
“Justin, do you think that this isn’t something you have to worry about? Bethany is your biological sister! Are you just going to watch as someone bullies your sister and ruins her reputation?” Shannon’s face was covered in tears, and she clutched her chest as if she would faint at any moment. 
“Shannon, you’re weak, so don’t get too agitated.” 
Gregory hurriedly stood up and put his arms around Shannon’s shoulders. His gaze was tender. 
It had been 20 years, but Justin still felt suffocated every time he saw Gregory and Shannon showing off their affection for each other. 
Gregory had never once mentioned Justin’s mother in the past 20 years or visited her grave. 
That poor woman loved him so deeply, but it was as if she had never appeared in Gregory’s life. Gregory’s indifference was more cruel than hating her.
“I’m fine, Greg.” 
Shannon leaned into Gregory’s embrace and coughed twice for good measure. “I was too agitated earlier and didn’t control my emotions. Justin is the president of Salvador Corporation, so he must be busy dealing with all kinds of problems every day. I shouldn’t have bothered him about this. I was just afraid that Justin still has doubts about me. After all, I’m not his birth mother… If that’s why he 
1 
doesn’t want to help Bethany, I don’t blame him. I can understand where he’s coming from.” 
Justin looked at this pretentious woman indifferently. He was tired of watching her act for 20 years. 
He just wondered why Gregory was not tired of Shannon’s act. 
“Shannon, don’t think too much. Whether that brat admits it or not, you are my wife, so by extension, you are his mother!” 
Shannon successfully provoked Gregory, who became more infuriated. He pointed at Justin’s indifferent face and said, “You’d better come up with a solution for me right away! I want all those videos and posts about Bethany to disappear by tomorrow morning. Otherwise, you’ll answer to me!” 
“I’d thought of the solution a long time ago and told Bethany.” Justin lowered his cold eyes. 
“Dad! Justin didn’t think of a plan for me. He was just pushing me into a fire pit!” 
Bethany immediately became anxious when she heard her name. She stretched her neck and said, He actually wants me to apologize to that stupid housekeeper! I’m someone of status, and she’s a nobody. Why should I apologize to her?! Also, Anna came to the boutique to cause trouble today and slapped me in front of so many people. Sob, sob… I’m too embarrassed to face anyone!”
Shannon and Gregory were shocked when they heard this. “What? Anna slapped you?!” 
“Look at the slap marks on my face. I’m telling the truth!” Bethany cried and pointed to her still- 
swollen face. 
“How dare she! Justin, what kind of woman did you marry?” 
Shannon was furious when she heard that her daughter was bullied. She finally showed some viciousness as she said, “We must sue her for hitting Bethany! We can’t just let it go!” 
“Bethany wanted to hit Anna first. Anna was just acting in self-defense,” Justin said righteously. 
“You mean, that girl really hit Bethany?” Gregory asked with gloomy eyes. 
Justin acquiesced. 
“Contact her immediately and ask her to apologize to Bethany! Also, why haven’t you finalized the divorce with her yet? Take some time tomorrow to go to City Hall with her to get your divorce certificate. From now on, I won’t allow you to have anything to do with that woman!” 
shouted. 
Justin frowned slightly. 
Gregory 
Their divorce was imminent, but after hearing this, Justin felt inexplicably uncomfortable and replied without thinking, “No.”
###chapter111
No?! 
Shannon and Bethany were stunned to hear this from Justin, so much so that they forgot to cry and 
act angry. 
“Justin! You rebel!” Gregory was so angry that his blood pressure rose. 
His illegitimate son, whom Gregory had never favored, rarely disobeyed him. Now that Justin was the president of Salvador Corporation, he dared to say “no” to Gregory. 
Justin was in a daze. He did not expect that he would blurt out “no” so smoothly. 
“What on earth are you thinking?! You wanted to divorce Anna in the first place! You were the one who insisted on marrying Rose! You’re saying no when I ask you to finalize the divorce with Anna immediately? Do you think you can keep multiple women? Do you think that marriage is child’s play?! How could I raise such an imbecile like you?!” 
“Keep multiple women? Ha, that’s right.” 
Justin was irritated. He narrowed his eyes and mocked Gregory. “Since we’re father and son, I should regard you as my role model.” 
“You bastard!” 
Gregory was so angry that he rushed over and slapped Justin hard on the face. 
This slap was so loud that it frightened Bethany.
There was a large palm print on Justin’s pale face. 
“Oh, Greg! If you have something to say, just use your mouth. Don’t hit Justin! Justin is just young and impulsive, so he may offend you when he speaks. It’s not worth it to fight over something like this and hurt your relationship.” 
Shannon hurriedly came over to Gregory, but she secretly sneered in her heart. She was secretly overjoyed that Gregory hit Justin and felt that her anger had been vented. 
“Shannon, I know that you’re a loving mother and have treated this brat as your own since he was a child, but you spoiled him too much. You dared not hit or scold him. Look at him now! You have spoiled him so much that he’s insolent!” Gregory’s palm was numb from the slap, and his face was redder than Justin’s. 
“He will always be a child to me, Greg. Besides, I’m not his biological mother, so it’s not easy for Justin to accept me. If I’m not kind to him, he’ll alienate himself from me. I just want to be a good mother to him.” Shannon suddenly stood up as she spoke. She looked so pitiful. 
Every one of those words seemed like she was showing weakness, but in fact, she was adding fuel to the fire. 
Justin curled his lips mockingly. He had seen Shannon’s trick since he was a child, but he had never exposed her. 
That was because he knew that Gregory did not care about him at all. If Justin’s eldest brother had not been recuperating in Meridan, Justin would never have had the chance to be the president of Salvador Corporation. 
Justin was never favored by Gregory, so it was useless no matter what he did.
“A child? He’s already thirty! Stop making excuses for him!” 
Gregory pointed at Justin’s face and roared. “You have to do these two things for me right away! Finalize your divorce with Anna immediately and ask her to apologize to Bethany in person. Immediately suppress the trending topic about Bethany and quell this matter.” 
Justin smiled with a gloomy face and said, “Dad, is this how you negotiate business with people? Do you slap them first and then make demands?” 
“What… What did you say?!” Gregory was stunned. 
“Even if you are my biological father, I feel that we should keep work and our private matters separate, especially when it concerns the company’s interests. I won’t make any compromises. Anna and I can’t finalize the divorce yet because I promised Grandpa that we wouldn’t do it until his 80th birthday. I won’t go back on my word. As for the negative news online, I advise Bethany to make a public apology. Other than that, I won’t interfere.” 
“Justin! You!” 
Gregory’s eyes turned red, and he raised his hand high. Just as he was about to slap Justin again, Justin caught his wrist. 
“Dad, I’m 30 years old now, so do you think that you can still beat me into submission?” Justin’s eyes 
were frigid. 
Gregory narrowed his eyes, and he felt a dull pain in his wrist.
###chapter112
“No! I don’t want to apologize! I will never apologize, no matter what you say!” Bethany started crying and acting up again. 
“Ian, come in.” 
Justin raised his voice. Ian, who was waiting outside, hurriedly knocked on the door and walked into the study, bowing respectfully. 
“Take out the documents and show them to the chairman.” 
“Yes, Mr. Salvador.” 
Ian’s eyes flickered, but he still handed the prepared documents to Gregory. 
“What is this?” 
“This is this year’s and last year’s financial report for EV Boutique, which is jointly managed by Aunt Shannon and Bethany.” Justin’s handsome face was calm, and his voice was flat. 
Shannon and Bethany were tense, and their faces became stiff. 
“It has been three years since the establishment of the boutique, but it has lost nearly $10 million every year in the past three years. The annual operating expenses are drawn from the public funds of Salvador Corporation. Since the establishment of the boutique, it has been agreed that Aunt Shannon will be responsible for its profits and losses. Since Salvador Corporation does not gain any profit from them, there’s no reason that we should help them fill this hole.”
After saying that, Justin lowered his long eyelashes. “If Bethany doesn’t come forward to apologize, then I will exercise my authority as president of Salvador Corporation and close this loss-making boutique.” 
‘What?! Close the store?!’ Bethany was so frightened that she was frozen in place. Shannon’s eyes 
turned red with hatred. 
However, the viciousness in Shannon’s eyes was fleeting. She hugged Gregory’s arm and cried. “Greg, the boutique was your birthday gift to me three years ago! How can you let him close it?!” 
Gregory’s jaw was taut. Looking at the solid evidence in front of him, he could not refute his son, even though he was the chairman of Salvador Corporation. 
“I can turn a blind eye to this matter for your sake, but Bethany must publicly apologize, and Aunt Shannon must compensate for the public funds that the boutique has embezzled from Salvador Corporation in the past three years. Otherwise, I will announce this at the board meeting the day after tomorrow. When that happens, it’ll be too late to do anything.” Justin looked determined to oust 
them. 
Shannon glanced at her stepson with hatred. 
She did not want the boutique to close because she had big plans for it. 
“Bethany, hold a press conference tomorrow night and do as your second brother says.” Gregory 
frowned. 
Bethany’s shoulders slumped, and her whole body was frozen. She no longer had the strength to 
argue.
Shannon looked at Gregory’s increasingly gloomy expression, knowing that she had completely lost 
this battle. Thus, she could only rethink her plans. She glared at Justin with hateful eyes, wishing to 
cut him to pieces. 
As soon as Justin and Ian left the study, Gregory started trashing the place, and Shannon and Bethany 
were crying inside. 
Ian scratched his head in confusion and asked tentatively, “Mr. Salvador, didn’t you decide to fight the young madam to the end? Why did you suddenly change your mind?” 
“Don’t worry about my affairs.” 
Justin suddenly thought about Anna’s watery eyes and her sweet fragrance, which was so close to him earlier. 
His cold eyes were slightly dazed. 
He tried to convince himself that he changed his mind at the last minute because he watched the surveillance footage and heard Bethany’s shameless words. But was that really the reason? 
Why did Justin react so strongly when Shannon and Bethany accused Anna and when Gregory forced him to finalize the divorce? Was there no hint of selfishness in his act? 
“Mr. Salvador, it’s a bit of a loss to release the evidence we finally collected just to make Ms. Bethany apologize, don’t you think?” Ian frowned and felt a little upset. 
“It doesn’t matter. Even if I leak this out, the chairman will still find ways to cover it up for Shannon. That’s because he’s blinded by his love for her.”
Justin mocked his father and swept away Anna’s pretty features from his mind. He looked into the distance and said, “I just chose a result that both Anna and I can live with. After all, I wrongly accused her of what happened with Rose at the auction last time.” 
The man sighed quietly as he suppressed the sorrow in his heart. “This time, I will pay her back. I don’t want to owe her anything.”
###chapter113
Bella could not sleep all night. 
As long as she closed her eyes, she would see Justin’s handsome face. She could also feel his warm hands that were holding her waist earlier. 
She sat up suddenly. 
They were already divorced, so why was he still haunting her? 
Finally, Bella fell asleep for two hours. She got up and kayaked for an hour to dissipate the heat in her 
body. 
Steven prepared a delicious breakfast for her. 
Bella looked depressed during breakfast and took a long time to chew her bread and omelet. She also drank her favorite coffee with a dull expression. 
“Ms. Bella, are you worried about Skye?” 
Steven picked up the napkin and gently wiped the bread crumbs and grease on her delicate fingers. He did this gracefully as if he were a royal butler. 
“I hate the feeling of losing.” Bella took a deep breath and narrowed her dark eyes. 
She did not say the second part aloud. ‘I hate the feeling of being bossed around by Justin even more!’ 
“Then what do you plan to do with Bethany?” Steven asked. 
“Give me some time to think about it. We need to resolve this before the heat subsides.”
As soon as she said this, Bella’s phone vibrated on the table. 
She picked it up and took a look with widened eyes. It was a call from her father. 
“Wyatt, what’s wrong?” 
Bella hurriedly picked up the call and sounded nervous. 
“Tsk, what’s with your tone? I’m not dead yet. 
Wyatt smacked his lips and cleared his throat. “Well, when will you come home? Your three mothers want to celebrate you.” 
“Celebrate me?” Bella was confused. 
“Well, you made the news for helping others and went viral online as ‘the most beautiful angel’.” 
What?! 
Bella was speechless and held her forehead. Her head throbbed when she heard the words, “the most beautiful angel”. 
“Your three mothers think that you have brought honor to the family, so they want to host a family dinner to celebrate!” 
Bella was upset because she was exposed, but Wyatt and his wives wanted to celebrate it. Great… 
“No need. I’m looking for someone to suppress it. I don’t like being in the public eye. It’s just too 
troublesome.” 
“Tsk, why are you so inconsiderate? Your mothers miss you and want to see you. They haven’t seen
you in a long time. Why can’t you come back and have a meal with us?” Wyatt’s tone was filled with 
resentment. 
“Fine… I’ll go back in a few days,” Bella responded nonchalantly. 
“Good.” 
Wyatt paused and said in a stern voice, “By the way, is Drew back?” 
“Yeah.” Bella had no choice but to answer honestly. 
“Haha! If your eldest brother hadn’t told me that Drew was back, I would’ve planned to hold a 
memorial service for him soon!” 
Wyatt became infuriated at the mention of Drew. “When you come back this time, bring your fourth brother back with you. If he doesn’t come back, I won’t think of him as my son again. He will never be 
able to step foot into our house either!” 
After the call ended, Bella furrowed her beautiful eyebrows. Her small hands reached into Steven’s 
suit pocket to take out a piece of chocolate. Then she bit off one piece dejectedly. 
“What’s wrong?” Steven asked worriedly. 
“My dad asked me to take my fourth brother home for dinner.” 
“Oh…” Steven understood what Drew’s temper was like. He was at a loss about what to do. 
“Wyatt has such a hot temper, and Drew is so stubborn. They’re the worst!”
Bella’s irritable mood eased a little once she tasted the melted chocolate on her tongue. “I know Drew. 
He can listen to me about everything except going home to see Wyatt. He’s so stubborn, so I have to 
coax him and try to outsmart him. I can’t do it forcefully.” 
* 
After washing up, Bella went to work. 
As soon as the Bugatti passed the hotel entrance, she saw many reporters squatting outside. 
Bella narrowed her eyes, and Steven quickly called the front desk to find out the situation. 
“These reporters are here to interview the ‘angel’ from that incident. I don’t know how those people found out that the girl is an employee of our hotel, so…
###chapter114
Bella’s eyes darkened. What bothered her most since she was a child was being exposed in front of the media. 
She did not want to be in the spotlight unless absolutely necessary. 
“Why are they trying to make news about this menial thing? Do these reporters have nothing to write about?” 
Bella took a sip of coffee helplessly. “Forget it… The heat will subside soon. I’ve already told Asher to help me suppress the news, so it should come into effect soon. Let’s go through the back door.” 
When they arrived at the back door of the hotel, Bella asked Steven to park the car while she went to her exclusive elevator so as to get to her office on the top floor as quickly as possible. 
As she walked, she took out her phone and browsed the hotel’s official page. 
Due to her heroic act that day, the hotel received many comments and rave reviews. 
[Next time, I will stay in a hotel owned by KS Group! Their hotel staff is great!] 
[That lady is so beautiful! Please take a clear picture of her face.] 
[KS Group is more trustworthy. Look at the Salvadors… They think they can bully hotel staff because they’re rich!] 
Bella’s bright red lips curled up, and she looked like a proud little fox. 
Although she did not like the attention this news brought to her, she still enjoyed the free publicity that it brought to the hotel.
However, what happened with Skye was not completely resolved yet, so Bella still felt uneasy. 
Suddenly, Bella frowned as she could feel a man approaching her from behind, breaking the safe distance between strangers. 
At this moment, the man grabbed her shoulder. 
Bella’s eyes widened in shock. She quickly turned around and splashed her coffee on the man’s face. 
“Ah!” 
The next second, Bella grabbed the man’s muscular arm and threw him over her shoulder. 
“Ow!” 
The tall man landed on the floor with a thud. 
“Oh, no…” 
Bella took a closer look and gasped. “Ryan Hoffman? Is that you?!” 
“Ahem… Yes…” }) 
Ryan lay on the ground in embarrassment and cleared his throat. He did not know whether to laugh or cry in this situation. “The old saying that beautiful women are the downfall of men is quite true…” 
“Why did you sneak up on me? My body reacted on instinct. I didn’t know it was you, so I attacked first in self-defense.” 
Bella’s eyes flashed with embarrassment as she hurriedly kneeled in front of him to check on him.
She looked serious as she medically examined Ryan’s body with her hands. Her technique was so professional that Ryan thought the senior masseurs in his house were not as skilled as her. 
Ryan squinted his eyes and stared at her with adoration as he enjoyed the feeling of being touched by her. 
He thought, ‘Oh, Justin… You’re such a fool for not appreciating this blessing! Don’t blame me for picking up your treasure. Hehe…’ 
“You’re fine. Thank goodness you trained your muscles well. I can’t feel any fractures.” 
Bella breathed a sigh of relief and patted his leg. “Get up! You can’t extort me for this.’ 
“I want to get up, but I can’t…” 
Ryan grinned, then he hissed and frowned with a pained expression. “Although my bones aren’t broken, I’m still in pain. I’m numb all over! Mother Teresa, will you please give me a hand?” 
Bella felt a little embarrassed, so she reached out to help Ryan up from the ground. 
Ryan felt Bella’s fragrant and soft body against him and could not help but move closer to her. His throat tightened, and his soul wandered. 
In the past, plenty of women took the initiative to get close to him, but Ryan had never felt like he was taking advantage of them. 
“Hey, how did you like the feeling of molesting my body just now?” Ryan raised his eyebrows and asked expectantly. 
“Molesting you? Haha! I finally know where you’re hurting. It turns out you might have a
concussion.” 
Bella sneered. “I would have looked at you closely if you were a three-legged toad. As a man, you have nothing that I’m interested in.” 
Bella blurted out these words and was stunned by herself. Her cheeks turned slightly red and hot. 
Ryan knew who she was talking about and instantly felt jealous. 
He had a desire to win her over, so he turned around and pushed Bella against the wall. His eyes 
roamed her face. 
Ryan gradually leaned down and lowered his voice. 
“Who do you think is better than me? Justin?” 
Ryan narrowed his eyes and smiled at her. “How do you know that I’m not better than him?”
###chapter115
After all, Ryan was an expert at flirting with girls. 
“Hah! Mr. Hoffman, do you really want your bones to break this time?” Bella asked through gritted teeth. Her clear eyes were filled with murderous intent. 
Ryan did not dare to move closer to Bella, so he took two steps back and pretended to be innocent. ” Ms. Brown, I’m just joking with you. Don’t be so fierce… After all, I’m also a victim. You hit me, scolded me, and ruined my clothes. I have a lunch appointment with my mother later, so I can’t show up like this. At the very least, you should give me a change of clothes, right?” 
Bella also felt that she had gone a little too far just now. 
After all, compared to the ignorant Justin, Ryan was quite sensible. Last time, Ryan stood up for her when she was bullied by Rosalind and Bethany. She would always remember these small acts of kindness. 
“I’ll ask my secretary to prepare a new set of clothes for you soon, and I’ll get you a room so that you can bathe, change, and rest. How about that?” Bella was considerate. 
“Oh, that’s too troublesome. There’s a department store not far from here. Come with me to buy a new outfit. I may not like what your secretary picked.” 
Ryan smiled and looked at her expectantly. “If possible, I hope that you can choose a new suit for me.” 
Bella agreed since she thought that he would not be able to do anything to her in broad daylight. 
Bella drove Ryan to the mall in her Bugatti La Voiture Noire.
She drove at a startling speed and turned with ease and grace. Then she slid into the parking bay in one smooth motion. The drive that would have taken twenty minutes was cut short to ten minutes. 
Ryan’s mouth gaped open the entire journey. 
“Get out of the car and hurry up.” 
Bella unbuckled her seat belt and opened the car door expressionlessly, “You might have a lot of free time because you’re rich, but I’m just a mere employee. I have a lot of work waiting for me.” 
“Ms. Brown, your driving skills are impressive!” 
“Well, before I met Justin, I was an experienced taxi driver.” 
After saying that, she got out of the car. 
Ryan was involved in the underground racing world, so he could tell at a glance that she was no ordinary person with those driving skills. 
He smirked and thought that she was getting more interesting by the day. 
Monday was a slow day, so there were few people in the mall. 
Bella and Ryan’s outstanding looks attracted a lot of attention wherever they went. 
Ryan had a smile on his face as he said, “Ms. Brown, I came to the hotel to see you because I was afraid that some reporters would cause trouble for you since you went viral…” 
Bella looked straight ahead and said nonchalantly, “I remember that you like to wear YSL.” 
“How do you know?!”
“From the first time I met you, you were wearing YSL haute couture. You were also wearing a YSL tuxedo at the charity auction that day.” 
“Oh? You’re quite observant with me.” Ryan raised his eyebrows and felt secretly happy that she noticed him. 
“But to be honest, YSL suits you nicely.” Bella looked nonchalant. 
“Oh?” 
“You’re quite sexy in it.” 
Ryan did not know what to say. 
“There aren’t any custom pieces here, only off-the-rack, so just make do with it.” 
“It doesn’t matter. I’ll like whatever you buy me.” Ryan grinned. 
Bella ignored him and walked straight into the boutique. 
The store attendants were very attentive to the two distinguished customers. 
“Money is not an issue. Just choose whatever you like, Mr. Hoffman.” 
Bella sat leisurely on the sofa and crossed her slender legs. Her pantsuit outlined her charming curves perfectly, which Ryan found very attractive. 
The store attendants were all dumbfounded. This lady boss was so cool and sassy. 
Ryan squinted his eyes and licked the inside of his cheek. This was refreshing.
He had only ever bought things for women. This was the first time a woman was willing to spend money on him. 
Ryan felt pampered. 
At the same time, two extravagantly dressed women happened to pass by the boutique-Rosalind and Jean. 
“Mom, look! It’s that bitch, Anna!” 
Rosalind pointed angrily at Anna, who was chatting and laughing with Ryan inside the boutique. Rosalind did not expect Anna to be flirting with Ryan. ‘How dare she string along so many men?!’
###chapter116
“Rose, this is a good opportunity for you to make a comeback!” 
Jean squeezed Rosalind excitedly. “You should think of a way now to make Justin come to you right away. You have to let him see this so he can completely give up on that little whore, Anna!” 
“But Justin is working now. He rarely went shopping with me on weekends in the past. It’s even less likely that he will come out now. Besides…” 
Rosalind’s eyes darkened, and she lowered her voice and said, “I just regained favor with Justin by saying that I have severe depression. I need to behave these days and capture his heart, so I can’t be reckless and cause trouble again.” 
“You’re so stupid!” 
Jean jabbed Rosalind’s forehead with her sharp nails. “He’s at work, so it would be foolish for you to ask him to accompany you shopping. But if you have a valid reason, it will be a good opportunity to get closer to him! You can’t keep being considerate. Men won’t like you if you are too obedient. They like a challenge. He will only feel important if you call him when you have trouble or an emergency. That way, he will feel proud and superior that you rely on him.” 
Rosalind’s eyes flickered. She actually disagreed with her mother’s words. 
In the past, when her father was powerful and the family was well off, her mother clung to her father like a koala bear. In the end, her father paid less attention to her mother. Patrick even kept several lovers and disrespected Jean in front of the servants at home. 
Jean had no choice but to endure all those grievances just to keep her title as Mrs. Gold. She was 50 years old, but the Gold family fell into decline, and her husband was suffering from chronic illness. Now,
Jean only had the status of Mrs. Gold, but she was reduced to a laughingstock in the elite circle. Her whole life had been wasted. 
“I’ll call Justin later and tell him that you are shopping alone and that I couldn’t contact you. He knows that you’re not emotionally stable recently, so if he loves you, he will drop everything and come find you.” 
Jean held Rosalind’s shoulders and smirked. “When the time comes, Justin will hate Anna even more when he sees his best friend hooking up with his ex-wife!” 
After a meeting, Justin returned to his office and received a call from Jean. 
“Mrs. Gold.” His tone was cold. 
“Mr. Salvador! Has Rose contacted you?” Jean asked nervously. 
“No, what happened?” 
“Rose said she was feeling a little down, so she wanted to go out for a walk. I wanted to accompany her, but she refused. She said she didn’t want me to treat her as a patient, so I didn’t follow her… But it’s been a few hours now, and I couldn’t get through to her on the phone. When I called her again, her phone was turned off. Do you think something happened to her?” 
Justin’s heart clenched when he recalled that Rosalind had severe depression. He asked in a deep voice, “Did Rose tell you where she went?” 
“She said she wanted to go shopping in the newly opened department store near the KS World Hotel, but she didn’t say anything else.” 
“Okay, I understand. I’m going to find her now. She’ll be fine.”
After hanging up the phone, Justin frowned, grabbed his suit jacket, and walked out. 
“Get the car.” 
Justin arrived at the mall as quickly as possible. He walked around in a hurry, looking for Rosalind while calling her. 
Finally, the call was connected. Rosalind’s soft voice came through. “Justin…” 
“Rose, where are you? I’m at Century Mall now!” Justin’s voice was filled with worry. 
“I feel a tightness in my chest, so I’m sitting in the elevator lobby on the second floor.” 
“Don’t move. I’ll be right there!” 
Justin strode over and found Rosalind as quickly as possible. 
“Justin!” 
Rosalind’s eyes were teary as she stood up and threw herself at Justin. “You’re here… I’m fine. I don’t feel uncomfortable anymore.” 
“Your mother called you earlier. Why didn’t you answer the phone?” Justin asked with concern. 
Rosalind hurriedly found an excuse and said, “My phone ran out of battery, so I was searching for a power bank to recharge it.” 
“Next time you go out, you must get someone to accompany you, okay? Don’t go out alone.” Justin took a deep breath and held her.
“Justin, I only want you to accompany me. I don’t want anyone else.” Rosalind rubbed her face against the man’s chest and snickered in her heart. 
Rosalind was glad that she listened to her mother this time. This showed that Justin still cared about her, and she was the most important person to him. 
At this moment, they could hear faint whispers around them. 
“Oh, look at that young couple. That girl is so beautiful. They look like movie stars!” 
“That young man is quite handsome too. He has a really good figure. It’s obvious that he’s rich.” 
Justin heard it, but he was not a curious person, so he did not look back. 
Rosalind, on the other hand, suddenly gasped in shock. 
“Justin, look! What a coincidence!” 
Justin looked back expressionlessly. He was stunned by what he saw. 
The next second, his charming eyes turned red, as if two balls of flame were ignited in them.
###chapter117
A few steps ahead of Justin and Rosalind, Ryan and Bella walked side by side toward them. Ryan was tall and handsome, and Bella was elegant and gorgeous. They looked like a match made in heaven. 
Justin’s eyebrows twitched when he noticed that Ryan was holding a shopping bag. Did they go shopping together? 
Bella did not notice Justin and Rosalind as she was listening to Ryan’s animated jokes. Ryan and Bella looked at each other and laughed, clearly enjoying themselves. 
Justin inexplicably felt his chest tighten, and his eyes were sore from seeing this scene. 
Ryan vaguely felt an oppressive chill coming from the front and raised his head. His eyes widened when he saw Justin and Rosalind. 
“Justin? What are you doing here?!” 
Only then did Bella notice Justin, whose face was as cold as frost. She glanced at Rosalind, who was in Justin’s arms, and sneered. 
Knowing that her opportunity had come, Rosalind hugged Justin tighter, like a koala. She looked at Anna provokingly, showing Anna that Justin belonged to her. 
However, Bella did not care at all. 
She would have been jealous before, but not anymore. Now, her heart was calm. 
Bella thought, ‘That scumbag and that bitch are a perfect match!’ 
“I should be the one asking you this, Ryan.” Justin’s voice was deep, and his face was gloomy.
“I’m shopping, of course! You know me, I love shopping.” Ryan smiled with curved eyes, not knowing that he was in deep trouble. 
Bella could not refute that. She had never seen a man who loved shopping more than Ryan. 
Although Ryan kept chatting with her along the way, his eyes kept glancing into the display windows. If Bella had not been in a hurry to leave, Ryan would have wanted to go into every store. 
However, Justin thought that Ryan was provoking him. 
“I didn’t expect Ms. Brown to be so close to Mr. Hoffman that they could go shopping together.” 
Rosalind clung to Justin’s chest weakly and added, “Justin, let’s go. We shouldn’t disturb their date.” 
Bella’s eyes were cold, while Ryan was confused when he heard the word “date”. 
Unexpectedly, Justin slowly pushed Rosalind away and strode over to Bella. 
“Hey, Justin!” 
Rosalind called out to him, but he did not look back. Her eyes were red with hatred. 
Bella raised her pretty face to meet Justin’s sharp gaze. Although she was wearing high heels, Justin was still much taller than her. He gave off an indescribable sense of oppressive air as he stared at her coldly. 
“What are you doing?” Justin asked in a cold voice. 
“We’re just shopping. What’s wrong?” 
Bella’s red lips curled up slightly in disdain. “What a smart world! Mr. Salvador, do you want to blame me for not walking another way when you’re using this path?”
“You went shopping with him?” Justin’s eyes became darker, and he emphasized the word “him”. 
“Hey, what’s wrong with Anna going shopping with me? I’m not a pervert.” Ryan clicked his tongue. 
Justin clenched his teeth. “Who knows what you’re like with the opposite sex?” 
“What the f*ck!” Ryan’s eyebrows furrowed in anger. 
“Justin, I’m free to go out with whomever I please. It’s ridiculous that you’re still finding fault with me after we’re divorced.” Bella ignored Justin’s murderous gaze. 
Was Justin angry? 
He had nothing to be angry about. He could not possibly be jealous after seeing her and Ryan together, right? 
That was impossible because Justin did not love her at all. So why would he be jealous? 
“We haven’t finalized our divorce yet, but you’re going out shopping with my friend so openly. If other people saw you, what would they think of the relationship between Salvador Corporation and Hoffman Group? Are you planning to cause trouble over nothing?” Justin’s chest felt tight and stuffy, and his eyes were bloodshot. 
Ryan raised his eyebrows and secretly complained. ‘That old fox! He’s just using me as an excuse!’ 
“Hah!” 
Bella felt that she had heard a joke that was not funny at all. “Justin, aside from the Salvador family, who else knows that I am your wife?” 
Justin’s eyes widened, and the emotions surging in his heart made his chest feel stuffy.
“We have been married for three years, but have you ever taken me out in public? Have you to meet your friends? Have we ever held a wedding ceremony?” 
taken me 
Bella smiled brightly, as if she were deliberately irritating him. “Don’t worry. Even if I put my face on the big screen outside the mall, no one will know that I am your ex-wife. So, you’re worrying too much if you think that I will embarrass you and Mr. Hoffman. Let’s all go our separate ways. If we meet in public in the future, let’s act like strangers. After all, a qualified ex should be as quiet as a corpse.” 
After saying that, Bella decisively walked past Justin. 
Ryan pondered for a second. 
In the end, he chose to ditch his best friend and chase after his crush. 
Justin stared at Ryan’s back and took a deep breath. The veins on the back of his hands were bulging, and his expression was gloomy. 
Somehow, he felt like Ryan had stolen his girl. 
Most friends would stick up for each other, but in Ryan’s case, he would rather stab Justin to get the girl.
###chapter118
What a brute! 
“Justin, my chest feels so tight…” 
Rosalind hurriedly came forward, held his arm, and leaned on his shoulder. She said coquettishly, Since we’re already here, why don’t you go shopping with me? You’ve never gone shopping with me before. Look, even Mr. Hoffman is shopping with Ms. Brown…” 
(( 
Justin’s face was sullen. His eyes were still locked on Bella’s back. 
“Okay.” 
Bella walked forward with a glum face. 
Her ex-husband was like a fly that landed on her dessert. He had completely ruined her good mood. 
“Hey.” Bella suddenly called out to Ryan. 
“Yeah?” Ryan quickly responded to her. His eyes were shining brightly. 
“I’m in a bad mood. Tell me a few more jokes.” 
Ryan teased her. “I can tell you a few more jokes to brighten up your day, but if you really want to have some fun, let’s go drinking at ACE tonight?” 
“No need. I never drink with men I’m not close with.”
Bella glanced at him coldly. “Besides, aren’t you afraid that your little boat of friendship with Justin will capsize if you’re always hanging out with me?” 
“Damn, you’re both divorced. Even if you haven’t finalized it, it’s a done deal. I didn’t steal you away from him or do anything to wrong him. Why should he cut off ties with me? He can’t afford it!” Ryan 
pursed his lips in indignance. 
At this time, Bella noticed a sapphire necklace in the display window of a jewelry store that shone 
brightly under the spotlight. 
She could not help but walk into the jewelry store. 
Ryan followed her closely. 
“Can I please take a look at this?” 
“Miss, you have such good taste! This necklace is a limited edition work by our designer. It’s the ‘ Starry Sky and Deep Sea’ collection this summer. There are only five pieces in the country.” 
The store attendant introduced the collection enthusiastically and took out the sapphire necklace from the display case. 
Bella knew a lot about jewelry. She could tell at a glance that the sapphire was of an average color. It was not Vivid Blue or Deep Blue, but the excellent cutting technique and design were outstanding. It showed that the designer was naturally talented. 
Adding to the profit margin from the brand name, this necklace exceeded seven figures. 
“Do you like it?”
Ryan sat on a small chair. His left leg was crossed over his stretched-out right leg. He put his chin on his hand and smiled flirtatiously at Bella. 
The store attendant’s eyes widened. This woman was so beautiful that she was envious, and that man was equally handsome. They were such eye candy! 
“Yeah,” Bella responded softly as she admired the necklace. 
“Put it on and try it.” Ryan raised his chin. 
“OMG! What a beautiful necklace! I like it so much!” 
Suddenly, Rosalind’s shrill voice interrupted the peace, which made both Bella and Ryan frown in disgust. 
Bella turned and saw Rosalind walking over, holding Justin’s hand. 
The store attendant was so shocked that she could not close her mouth. ‘OMG! Isn’t that Mr. 
Salvador? He looks so handsome and perfect in person that his sculpture can be displayed in the 
Louvre! But the woman next to him seems inferior to this beauty in front of me in all aspects.’ 
“Tsk! They’re everywhere…” Ryan muttered unhappily. 
Justin’s cold gaze was fixed on Bella for an instant. 
“Justin, I like this necklace so much… It’s really beautiful. Can you buy it for me?” Rosalind acted cute and shook Justin’s arm, pouting as if she were a little girl asking for candy. 
Ryan rubbed his arm because he got goosebumps hearing her sickeningly sweet voice.
Justin’s pupil shrank, and he pursed his thin lips. 
In the past, Rosalind did not have to ask for anything. As long as she said something was beautiful or if she liked something, Justin would buy it for her without hesitation. 
But when he saw this necklace, all he thought about was “The Flaming Heart” necklace that she had put up for auction. It made him feel so ashamed that he had locked that necklace in a cabinet and planned to keep it there forever. 
Justin hesitated. 
Seeing that the man did not respond, Rosalind gradually felt a little awkward. 
“Miss, take my card.” 
Ryan quickly pulled out a black card and handed it to the store attendant. He looked at Bella with a smile and said, “Wrap it nicely. It’s a gift for this lovely lady.” 
Bella’s beautiful eyes squinted slightly. 
Before the store attendant could say anything, another black card was handed to her. “Swipe this card. I want that necklace.” Justin looked at Bella with gloomy eyes.
###chapter119
Two top-notch Centurion black cards were presented by two men who could shake up Savrow’s economy. These two men were actually fighting over a necklace! 
This scene should be made into a painting! 
The store attendant looked at the black cards in front of her and was so frightened that she said incoherently, “Sirs… There is only one necklace left…” 
“I know.” 
Justin’s cold gaze finally left Bella’s beautiful face. “I’m only buying it because there is only one left.” 
Rosalind was so proud that she almost jumped in joy. However, she waited quietly for Justin to deliver the necklace to her. 
Seeing Justin’s insistence, Bella pursed her lips lightly. Her heart was filled with jealousy and bitterness. 
As long as Rosalind wanted something, Justin would help her get it, regardless of the circumstances. 
In contrast, Justin never cared for Bella’s preferences and moods. 
“Ignore him. Swipe my card and wrap it up!” 
Ryan raised his eyebrows and tapped on the glass cabinet. “Don’t you understand what first come, first served means?” 
“Ryan.” Justin frowned.
Ryan stared at Justin’s handsome face. His voice deepened as he said, “Justin, you know that I’ve always been straightforward. There aren’t many women that I sincerely want to give things to. Considering that we have known each other for almost 20 years, can you let me have this just once?” 
Bella’s watery eyes widened in disbelief. 
Rosalind was so shocked that her mouth gaped open. ‘Anna, this bitch! She has only left Justin for a few days, but she has already managed to seduce all the prominent young men in the country! She’s just a divorcee. Why do they all love her?!’ 
Justin felt suffocated. This was the first time Ryan risked their 20 years of friendship over a woman. 
That woman was none other than his ex-wife, whom he supposedly “did not care about”. 
“Thank you, Mr. Hoffman.” 
Bella suddenly smiled sweetly at Ryan and parted her bright red lips. “I’ll accept that necklace as a gift.” 
Ryan was stunned by her charming smile. “It’s no big deal. What’s more important is that you like it.” 
Justin’s eyes turned red. A wave of anger rose in his chest. 
He thought, ‘How dare she ask Ryan to give her things?! How dare she ask for something from another man in front of me? How could she do this?!’ 
At this moment, Ryan picked up the necklace, walked around behind Bella, and put it on for her carefully. 
Justin’s face turned pale. He felt powerless even as he clenched his fists. 
“Wow… Gorgeous…” The store attendant covered her mouth and sighed.
“Yes, this necklace is beautiful.” Bella smiled slightly. 
“No, no! I mean, you’re very beautiful, miss. Some people have tried this necklace before, but it didn’t fit them at all. It’s different when you wear it. It fits you perfectly, and it doesn’t outshine you at all. It’s simply made for you!” 
Rosalind gritted her teeth in anger. She looked at Justin, but the man did not notice her at all. He also had no intention of snatching the necklace away. 
“Mr. Hoffman, I have to get back to work. Let’s go.” 
“Okay, let’s go.” 
Bella ignored Justin and left with Ryan, looking like a couple. 
“Justin! Didn’t you say that you would give me that necklace?! How could you let Anna have it?” 
Rosalind asked with reddened eyes. 
Justin frowned and chased after them. 
“Anna!” 
Bella stopped and looked back at him coldly. 
“What else do you want, Mr. Salvador? Are you going to snatch the necklace from me?” 
Justin was stung by her piercing gaze. He pursed his thin lips and took out a black velvet box from his pocket, handing it to her. 
Bella was startled. She asked, “What are you doing?”
“Since the jade bracelet that Grandpa gave you last time broke, this is your compensation.” Justin’s tone was stiff. He could not bring himself to say that it was a gift. 
He clearly knew that Anna looked forward to receiving gifts from him, but he still held back from saying it. 
That was because he did not want to make her happy. 
“Oh, there’s no need for that. Grandpa already gave me more.” 
Bella sneered. “Mr. Salvador, you should keep it. Otherwise, your fiancée will misunderstand me again if she sees it. I can’t afford her wrath.” 
“You’re willing to accept Ryan’s gift. Why won’t you accept mine?” Justin’s eyes were red. He was 
anxious. 
“Maybe because I simply find you revolting.” 
Bella left after saying this harsh sentence. 
“Justin, let’s meet up tonight!” Ryan hurriedly followed Bella. 
Justin felt a sharp stabbing pain in his heart. His whole body was frozen. All he could think of was the way Bella said, “You’re revolting.” 
Rosalind chased after Justin and saw that scene earlier. She hated Anna so much that her face contorted sinisterly.
###chapter120
Bella walked as fast as she could to the underground parking lot. 
“Ms. Brown! Ms. Brown! Anna!” 
Ryan ran after Bella and grabbed her thin wrist. 
She turned around suddenly and looked at him with distant, watery eyes. 
“Let go of me.” 
“What’s wrong? Is it because of Justin?” 
Ryan’s throat tightened. He spoke gently, with a hint of guilt. “I’m sorry. I didn’t know he would 
show up here. If I had known, I wouldn’t have brought you here.” 
Bella thought of the box that Justin handed her and felt a slight pain in her heart. 
She thought, ‘Compensation? I don’t want it!’ 
“Here, take it back.” 
Bella bowed her head slightly, took off the necklace from her slender neck, and handed it to Ryan. Thank you for the gift, but I’m sorry, I can’t accept it.” 
Ryan’s body trembled for a moment. “Were you using me?” 
“I’m sorry.” Bella’s eyes were filled with sorrow. 
Even though he was being used, Ryan did not feel angry. On the contrary, he felt sorry for her.
Apart from feeling distressed, Ryan felt disappointed. That was because he could see that she still had some feelings for Justin. She still needed time to get over Justin. 
Although Ryan did not know how long it would take, he was willing to wait. 
“It’s okay. At least you didn’t accept Justin’s gift either. I feel better now.” 
Ryan waved his hand nonchalantly and took the necklace from her. 
“Mr. Hoffman, you’re a good man. You can see things more clearly than Justin can. Although you seem frivolous, you’re attentive and know how to care for others. You deserve a better woman, so you should save your precious time for someone in the future who is worthy of your efforts.” Bella still felt a little guilty for using him, so she was much gentler with him. 
“I’ve already found a better person worthy of my love. It’s you!” Ryan stared at her with bright eyes. His chest was heaving with anticipation. 
“Thanks for your recognition.” 
Bella smiled, turned around, and left with grace. 
Ryan froze on the spot. He felt helpless and unwilling. 
Did she just reject his confession? 
Probably… 
That night, at ACE Club Lounge, Justin was in a very bad mood, so Ryan ordered the manager to clear the lounge, which was exclusive to the two of them for the night. 
Justin was sitting at the bar by himself. His chilling vibe made the bartenders flinch away from him.
In front of him was a black velvet jewelry box. 
Justin had been carrying it with him these past few days, thinking of giving it to Anna as soon as he had the chance. However, he did not expect the woman to reject him without even looking at it. How humiliating! 
He shook the glass of iced whiskey and kept thinking about Ryan putting on the necklace for Anna earlier that day. Anna smiled brightly at Ryan, and they even left together. 
‘In the past, Anna only smiled at me like that. But now, she smiles so brightly at every man but me! Anna, you’re nothing without me. You’re just dropping your own value!’ 
Justin exhaled angrily and gulped down the whiskey. 
The bartender was stunned. It was dangerous to drink such strong liquor like water. 
Justin poured another glass, picked it up, and wanted to down it again when a strong hand reached over and covered the glass. 
“Justin, you shouldn’t drink such strong alcohol like that. It’s bad for your liver.” 
Justin narrowed his drunken eyes and saw Ryan beside him. He gritted his teeth and laughed. “So what if it’s bad for my liver? It’s much better than having my best friend steal my girl!” 
“I didn’t steal your girl!” 
Ryan was not in a good mood either. He sat beside Justin and said to the bartender, “Give me what he’s having.” 
“Ryan, Anna is not a woman you can touch,” Justin said in a cold voice.
“Why not?” 
“She is already with Asher.” 
Ryan raised his eyebrows and asked teasingly, “Is it because she’s with Asher or because she is your ex 
-wife?” 
Justin’s throat felt dry, and his chest was so tight that it was about to explode. 
“If it’s the former, I don’t care. If it’s the latter, I don’t give a fuck about that.” 
Justin was provoked by his words and emboldened by alcohol, so he finally let out his pent-up 
emotions. 
He knocked over the whiskey glass and suddenly grabbed Ryan’s collar. His eyes were bloodshot and murderous. 
“Ryan, as long as I’m alive, don’t even think about getting your hands on her!”
###chapter121
Ryan was frightened by Justin’s ferocious gaze. 
Justin was not so angry, even when Rosalind went abroad and left him three years ago. 
In fact, Ryan was half-joking. He was always teasing his best friend. 
Ryan was just making fun of Justin, but he did not expect Justin to blow up like that. 
It seemed that Justin really cared about his ex-wife. 
The bartender’s face turned pale with fear when he saw this. Not many people in Savrow dared to grab Ryan Hoffman by the collar. 
“Justin, are you in love with Anna?” 
Justin realized that he was drunk. His heart trembled, and his forehead was covered in sweat. 
“Justin, haven’t you noticed? Since your divorce, you’ve become quite abnormal.” 
Ryan looked at him deeply. “You have been my only friend since we were kids. Why won’t you tell me the truth?” 
“I don’t like her.” Justin spat out each word with force. 
“Sure, you don’t like her. Let’s just pretend that you don’t.” 
“Ryan!” 
Ryan ignored his outburst and continued, “Justin, I told you that if you’re in love with Anna and want to get back together with her, then as your best friend, I will definitely support you and help you. But if you
don’t mean that and just don’t like the fact that your ex-wife is being pursued by other men, then I hope you can give me a chance to fulfill my wish. I can see what my heart wants. I like Anna, and I want to pursue her.” 
Justin felt as if he had been shot in the chest. He slowly let go of Ryan and staggered back two steps. 
Ryan straightened up, took a breath to calm down, and took out the sapphire necklace from his suit pocket. 
“She…” Justin was startled. 
“She didn’t accept it.” 
Ryan frowned and smiled bitterly. “Anna is not a materialistic woman. She returned the necklace to me as soon as she left you. Sigh… Justin, what on earth did you do to her in the past? When Anna sees you, she looks like she’s seeing an enemy. She’ll find any opportunity to provoke you and step on you. You two are really sworn enemies.” 
Justin’s thin lips tightened into a straight line. 
His heart suddenly throbbed when he thought of how he had turned a blind eye to her thoughts in the past three years, the shredded handmade suit, and the wardrobe full of gifts. 
After Bella got off work, she did not go home. Instead, she asked Steven to leave. Then she went to the cathedral in the west district of Savrow by herself. 
The golden dome of the cathedral was magnificent and opulent. 
Asher was wearing a black pastor’s uniform. He stood under the giant cross and held a Bible as he preached to churchgoers.
Bella sat quietly in the back row and listened carefully. Her eldest brother’s voice was so pleasant that she felt as if her body and mind were being purified from the inside out. 
The sermon ended, and the churchgoers dispersed. 
Asher closed the Bible and walked toward his sister with a gentle smile on his handsome face. 
“Why didn’t you tell me that you were coming?” Asher reached out to touch the top of her head. 
“Well… I know you’re busy, so I don’t want to disturb you.” Bella smiled with squinted eyes. 
“What’s bothering you?” Asher sat next to her and asked gently. 
“Is it so obvious?” 
Bella sighed dejectedly with a bleak expression on her face. “Ash, I did something mean today. I took advantage of Ryan just to provoke Justin. I knew it was wrong, but I couldn’t control myself at the time! I saw Justin and Rosalind together. He was even competing with Ryan to buy Rosalind a necklace. I was heartbroken, so I wanted to hurt him too. I know that we’re divorced, so there’s no point in doing so, but I just want him to feel something for me, even if it’s hatred.” 
Asher let out a long sigh and put his arms around his sister’s trembling shoulders. 
“Bella, do you still have feelings for Justin?” 
“I admit that I’m not completely over him yet. After all, I’ve loved him for a long time. I spent my entire youth pining for him, and those memories of him are unforgettable.” 
Bella rested her head on Asher’s broad shoulder. Her long eyelashes were wet with tears as she continued, “Ash, I’m so scared. I’m afraid that I won’t be able to love anyone else in the future. Justin has hollowed out my heart. I may never be able to fall in love again. There is no way I can love another
man as much as I loved him…” 
“It’s only natural for you to feel this because you’ve been in love with him for so long. Bella, as long as your heart doesn’t stop beating, you will always be able to love again.” 
Asher lowered his eyelashes and patted her shoulders. “Don’t be afraid, Bella. We’re here for you, even if the sky falls. You just need to be yourself and bravely pursue your heart’s desire. Don’t leave any regrets in life.”
###chapter122
Bella said, “I pursued my heart’s desire, but it only left me with scars and a broken heart.” 
Bella smiled bitterly and looked so fragile. “I loved the wrong person at the wrong time, so I didn’t notice others around me.” 
Asher raised his eyebrows. He felt that Bella was mentally mature at her age, which was not a good thing. 
Thus, he changed his mind and said with a chuckle, “Don’t be too pessimistic, Bella. You loved Justin so deeply, which shows that he has his advantages. He’s not entirely useless, so your youth isn’t wasted. You two are just not fated to be together.” 
“In the past, I thought that I had the best taste because the person I loved was invincible. But now that I look back at it all, I just feel so blind and dumb.” 
At this time, Bella’s phone vibrated. 
It was Steven calling. 
“Steve, what’s wrong?” She picked up the call. 
“Finally, I can get through to you. Your signal is terrible!” 
Steven gulped and said in an excited tone, “Look at your social media and watch the live broadcast! Bethany is holding a press conference to publicly apologize to our hotel employee!” 
“What?!”
Bella stood up in a hurry. She no longer felt dejected. Instead, her almond-shaped eyes widened and gleamed with surprise. 
“Their press conference was very sudden. I guess that Salvador Corporation wanted to make it at the last minute to minimize the impact. Now, the live broadcast has already exceeded 5 million views, and the number is still rising! They should have stuck with their decision to the end. Now that they are doing this, they should show some sincerity. They’re so sneaky, and they don’t act like a conglomerate. KS Group is so much better than them!” 
Bella suddenly realized something. 
The Salvadors’ attitude changed too quickly. 
Yesterday, Bethany looked like she was going to fight Bella to the end. There was no way she would give in so soon. Something must have happened in the meantime that forced Bethany to change her 
mind. 
Gregory always treated Bethany as the apple of his eye, and Shannon also protected her. The Salvadors would not let Bethany embarrass herself. 
Who was adding fuel to the flames? 
Was it Justin? 
Bella shook her head vigorously, wanting to shake this idea off. However, no one else except Justin could force Bethany to submit. 
If it was Justin, why would he do this? 
Bella took a deep breath, hung up the phone, and watched the live broadcast.
There were so many viewers watching the live broadcast. The comments kept coming, covering Bethany’s pale face on the screen. 
Bethany was already standing on the stage, wearing a black dress, and bowing to a group of reporters. Her face was pale and gloomy. 
[Hahaha! This is karma! So what if she’s rich? Does she really think that she can do whatever she wants?] 
[Did Bethany wear makeup? Why does she care to look good in this situation? She’s clearly stupid! Even if she’s pretending, she should put more effort into it.] 
[Tsk, tsk! She’s such a bimbo!] 
[She’s certainly stupid, but I don’t think she’s pretty!] 
Bella looked at the barrage of negative comments and smiled sinisterly. 
“Due to the loss of my personal belongings, I vented my emotions on an innocent hotel employee, causing the lady to have an epileptic seizure. Once again, I am deeply sorry and remorseful…” 
Bethany bowed and pretended to look pitiful. She tried so hard but could only squeeze out two drops of tears. 
“But like everyone else, I am just an ordinary person. Sometimes, I can’t control my emotions when I am troubled, so I hope that you all won’t be too harsh on me. In the past two days, I have been cyberbullied and suffered from insomnia every day. I almost had a mental breakdown. I admit that I was wrong, but I hope that everyone can look at this matter rationally… Please don’t escalate it to my family and stop insulting them. Thank you, everyone…”
[Bethany Salvador is clearly playing the victim here in her so-called apology.] 
[That victim hasn’t even complained, but the attacker is now pretending to be pitiful.] 
[If we hadn’t criticized her online, there was no way Bethany would have apologized to that girl. She will probably cover this up!] 
[Crocodile tears! I don’t feel pity for her at all!] 
Bella narrowed her foxy eyes and smiled even deeper. 
Bethany was loved by the Salvador family. Today was undoubtedly the biggest humiliation she has suffered in the past 25 years. 
Naturally, Bethany was unconvinced, but Bella did not care. 
If Bethany admitted defeat just like that, it would be boring. 
Suddenly, Bella received another call, which interrupted her from enjoying the live broadcast.
###chapter123
Bella quickly picked up the phone and said in a sweet voice, “Hey, Ax.” 
“Bella! Why is it so hard to get through to your phone?” Axel sounded anxious. 
“Did something happen?” Bella frowned. 
“Did your fourth brother contact you today?” 
“No… Why? What happened?” 
Axel sighed worriedly. “I drank with Drew last night, and we both got drunk. In a drunken stupor, uttered something worrying…” 
Bella’s heart skipped a beat. 
he 
Her fourth brother had a quirk. Most people could not be taken seriously when drunk, but Drew would always fulfill whatever he said when he was drunk the next day. 
While most people could not remember anything they said when they were drunk, Drew was born with an extraordinary memory. Even if he was too drunk to stand up, he could still remember everything he said clearly. Such transcendent memory was also one of his skills that made him a top special agent. 
“What did Drew say?!” Bella became even more nervous. She had a bad premonition. 
“He said he wanted to kill Justin!” 
Bella’s mind was shaken. If Asher had not steadied her in time, she would have fallen over.
“Drew flew thousands of miles back home just to avenge you! He said last night that he wanted to teach Justin a lesson. He would castrate Justin, if not kill him! Otherwise, he would not be able to get over the hatred in his heart. I thought he would listen to you and let Justin go. But he mentioned it again after getting drunk last night. I called him all day today, but he didn’t answer the phone. Do you think he really went to attack Justin?!” 
Bella’s heart was pounding. She did not even bother to explain to Asher before turning around and running outside the church. 
Bethany was still at the site of the 
press 
conference. 
Public resentment increased because Bethany was not sincere in admitting her mistake. The netizens criticized her even more. 
In fact, before the press conference, Shannon had already made a draft for Bethany and made sure she memorized it. She also warned Bethany not to put on makeup on stage. 
However, Bethany had her own ideas. She was arrogant and stubborn, refusing to give in. Secondly, 
she was confident that she could earn a wave of popularity as “the most beautiful lady in the elite circle” with her beauty. 
In the end, everything backfired. Bethany did not quell the fire but got into more trouble. 
[Now, I have a better impression of the KS World Hotel. They have great service and excellent employees like that “Angel”. Their hotel will certainly gain popularity!]
[I really don’t like the Salvador family! I will never book their hotels when I travel in the future!] 
[That’s right! Let’s boycott Salvador Corporation and make them bankrupt by dawn!] 
As soon as Bethany finished apologizing, the reporters in the audience swarmed up to her. They shoved their microphones in Bethany’s face and asked difficult questions. 
Bethany had never before experienced such chaos. She was so frightened that her legs became weak. She quickly walked down the stage under the protection of two bodyguards. 
She did not pay attention to the steps in front of her, so she twisted her ankle and stumbled to the floor. She screamed and felt embarrassed. 
This scene was captured on camera. 
The two tall bodyguards hurriedly picked her up and carried her away as quickly as possible. She looked like a helpless fledgling. 
Five minutes later, the number-one trending search was #BethanySalvadorFallingFlatOnHerFace. 
As Bethany wished, she became popular all over the internet. 
On the other hand, Justin and Ryan leaned on each other as they walked out of ACE Club. They were at each other’s throats in the beginning, but now they were arm in arm. 
Being drunk together could wipe out all grudges. 
Justin and Ryan drank a lot. Ryan had a high alcohol tolerance, so he was just tipsy. 
Justin had too much whiskey because he was in a bad mood. At this moment, his eyes were half- closed. He stretched out his hand to loosen his perfect tie. His handsome face flushed and dazed.
Ryan was afraid that Justin would roll down the stairs, so he quickly hugged him. 
“Justin, are you drunk?” 
“No…” 
Justin pinched his nose bridge and felt lightheaded. “Why does my head hurt so much after drinking… Did you serve me fake alcohol?” 
“What the fuck! You’re a shitty friend. I think you’re the reason Anna ran away.’ 
Justin’s Adam’s apple rolled as he panted lightly. The skin on the exposed half of his neck was red. 
Ryan was a straight man. Otherwise, he would probably want to take Justin to bed because he thought that Justin was attractive. 
Justin let out a hot breath and pushed Ryan away. “I’m leaving.” 
“Hey! Let me send you home.”
###chapter124
Justin said, “I’m not drunk. Don’t look down on me. 
“I’m just afraid that other men will take advantage of you!” Ryan frowned, looking anxious. 
“Do you think everyone is a beast like you?” 
Justin squinted his eyes and smirked. Then he walked toward his car without looking back. 
Justin’s Maybach was driving on a deserted road. 
“Mr. Salvador, the press conference is over. There are more negative comments about Ms. Bethany than before. This has already affected the reputation of the Salvador family and even Salvador Corporation.” 
Ian reported worriedly while driving, “The impact is greater than we thought…” 
“Salvador Corporation?” 
Justin’s head was lowered, and his eyes were dim. “Right. They only want me around to clean up mess.” 
their 
He had never regarded the Salvador family as his own. Aside from his grandfather, no one in the Salvador family treated Justin like family, including his biological father, Gregory. 
In that case, Justin did not mind sacrificing Bethany tonight so he could watch them collapse.
Justin thought, ‘They used me and hit my wife. Bethany deserves this punishment, if not more!’ 
Justin was startled by the fact that he referred to Anna as his wife. His heart trembled at the idea. 
He thought, ‘Did that scheming and temperamental woman play along and flirt with Ryan to slap me in the face or stab me in the heart?’ 
Justin tugged on his tie again in annoyance. A fire gradually rose in his chest. 
“Ian, pull over.” 
“Yes, sir.” 
Ian hurriedly parked the Maybach on the side of the road, next to a park. 
“Mr. Salvador, are you feeling uncomfortable? Do you need a sick bag?” Ian thought that Justin wanted to vomit and asked with concern. 
“You look like a sick bag to me.” Justin glared at Ian. 
Ian was insulted for no reason and felt aggrieved. 
“Wait here. I’ll take a walk.” 
Justin opened the door and got out of the car. Then he walked straight to the park. 
The road was deserted, and the evening breeze was refreshing. 
Justin walked slowly along the lake shore, squinting his eyes and feeling the breeze. His depressed mood was alleviated. 
He felt that he would vomit if he sat in the car any longer.
Suddenly, Justin stopped in his tracks and frowned. 
“Who is it? Come out!” 
“Hah! Your ears are very sensitive, like a dog’s. 
3) 
Justin could hear the sarcasm in the man’s voice. He slowly turned around and saw a tall and well- built man standing not far away. The man looked rugged and dangerous. 
He was wearing a black windbreaker, a black shirt, black trousers, and a black mask. His short, black hair swayed in the wind. 
The man blended in with the night. 
“Who are you? Why are you following me?” Justin’s voice was cold. His dormant muscles under his restrictive suit were tense. 
“Isn’t it obvious that I came to find fault with you?” Drew’s lips, which were hidden behind the mask, quirked up devilishly. 
“Why?” 
“Because you bullied someone important to me, and she suffered because of you.” 
Drew tilted his head mischievously and clenched his fingers, popping his knuckles in the process. She’s not easy to coax, but I think she will feel better if you become a hundred times more miserable than she is.” 
Justin focused his gaze on the man not far away.
He felt that this man’s eyes and voice were somewhat familiar, but he could not remember who it was. 
Drew approached Justin step by step, and the place he walked past was replaced by the cold wind. 
“Who is the person who is important to you? When have I bullied anyone?” Justin braced himself, but his expression was unchanged. 
“Hah! I thought that I’d let you off easy if you had some self-awareness. But I’m too kind to you. A heartless scumbag like you won’t have any sense of remorse. If I don’t let you suffer, you won’t know the meaning of retribution.”
###chapter125
After that, Justin saw the man in front of him rushing toward him, moving so silently like a ghost. 
Drew wanted to cripple Justin, so his strikes were powerful and as fast as lightning. 
Justin’s eyes darkened. He ducked and barely dodged him. 
“Hah! You have some moves, huh?” Drew narrowed his eyes. His tone was full of mockery. 
Justin’s eyes were ablaze as he took two deep breaths. 
Justin had long since retired from the army. Although he had never fallen behind in his physical fitness and training, he had not fought with anyone in a long time. 
All Justin relied on at the moment were his excellent foundation and muscle memory. 
The two grown men exchanged a few moves. Justin suddenly realized that his opponent’s moves were very familiar. 
There were traces of the close combat skills they once learned in the military academy. 
Justin thought, ‘Who is this man?!’ 
“Ooof!” 
While Justin was distracted, Drew kicked him in the abdomen. Justin was severely injured, but he did not fall and only staggered back two steps. 
What a tough guy! 
“Mr. Salvador!”
Ian shouted when he saw this scene. He panted and rushed to Justin’s side to help him. “Are you okay?” 
“I’m fine.” Justin suppressed the pain and coughed lightly. 
“How dare you hit Mr. Salvador?! I’ll fight you!” Ian’s eyes turned red with anger as he ran toward 
Drew. 
“Ian! Come back!” 
Justin wanted to stop Ian, but it was too late. 
Ian was not a trained fighter, so he was just waiting to be killed. 
“Hah! Don’t overestimate your own capabilities!” 
Sure enough, Ian was knocked unconscious with a left hook before he could even touch Drew’s collar. 
Justin saw red. “We must know each other, right? Who are you?!” 
Drew sneered and raised his eyebrows. 
Of course, they knew each other. They both went to the same military academy and were both popular. However, aside from training together, Justin and Drew had no personal interactions. 
“Don’t you want to know who is the most important person to me? There’s no harm in telling you.” 
Drew stepped over Ian’s limp body and took two steps closer to Justin. He smiled devilishly as he said, “The person I hold dearest to my heart is your ex-wife.” 
Justin’s eyes widened, and his fingers trembled. He clenched his fists tightly and yelled, “Go to hell!”
Justin’s strong muscles, which were restricted under his gray suit, became tense as he attacked Drew. 
The next second, Justin rushed toward Drew, and the two men started beating each other up. 
Drew’s eyes darkened. He discovered that, although Justin had not been a soldier for many years, his fighting skills had not deteriorated. Moreover, Justin was wearing a slim-fitting suit. It was restrictive to his motions, but Justin could still be so agile. Drew knew not to underestimate Justin. 
Justin was like the handsome suit-wearing male lead in the movies. 
After dozens of moves, Justin gradually lost ground. He was so drunk that he became dizzy, and his limbs became weak. It was a miracle that he had managed to hold on until now. 
Finally, Drew knocked him to the ground, and Justin felt a sharp pain in his back. 
“Die, you bastard!” 
Just when Drew was thinking about kicking Justin to vent his anger, another man suddenly shouted at him, “How dare you hit my best friend?! Who gave you such courage to offend me?” 
Ryan ran over as fast as he could and stood in front of Justin. His eyebrows were raised, and his charming eyes were blazing with anger. 
“Ugh, another one. How troublesome.” 
Drew narrowed his eyes. However, he suddenly stopped moving when he saw a black muzzle. 
Ryan actually took out a pistol from nowhere and pointed it at Drew’s head. 
“Don’t come closer! Otherwise, I’ll blow your head off!”
Ryan was actually panicking. He witnessed Justin and that man fighting when he first arrived and immediately thought that he had to show the attacker his gun. 
“Ryan, don’t mess around!” Justin caught his breath, but his abdomen was cramping in pain. 
“Fuck! Justin, are you okay? He almost killed you, but you want me to show mercy?!” 
Ryan was furious and yelled at Drew, “If you don’t want to die, get out of here right now! Or else, I’ll shoot you! My family can easily make you disappear from Savrow without anyone noticing.” 
Drew did not care about his threat. Instead, he took another step forward and glared at Ryan. 
“Justin, run!” Ryan shouted. His heart was pounding, and he pulled the trigger. 
“Ryan! Stop!” 
Bang-! 
A gunshot was fired.
###chapter126
The bullet fired from the gun missed Drew. 
“Ow… It hurts…” 
Bella, who appeared out of nowhere, hugged Drew tightly. The metallic ball bullet hit her left shoulder! 
Although it was not a real gun, it still had quite a strong impact. 
Bella was in so much pain that her smooth forehead was covered in cold sweat, and she was trembling all over. 
Even so, she still hugged Drew tightly and would not let go. 
Justin was so shocked that his pupils trembled. He felt as if he had stepped off a tall building, and his heart plummeted to the ground. 
Every part of his body was in pain, but all the pain combined was not as hurtful as seeing Anna take a bullet for another man. 
The first thing Anna did when she saw him being attacked was not to come to his aid but to protect the murderer who was trying to kill him. 
Justin thought, ‘Anna, how could you do this to me? There should be a limit to how much you hate me. How could you be an accomplice for murder?’ 
“Baby sis!” 
Drew’s eyes widened. He grabbed Bella’s trembling shoulders. But when he opened his palms, he saw that they were stained with blood.
He gasped and became infuriated. His heart ached as if he were shot. 
“Ryan Hoffman! I’m going to kill you!” 
Ryan was also stunned. He dropped the fake gun on the ground and stood there in a daze. 
He did not know how Anna appeared so fast. He had no time to react. Otherwise, he would not have 
fired this shot. 
“Drew Brown!” 
Bella leaned weakly into Drew’s embrace and gritted her teeth. “If you still want me to recognize you as my brother, you’d better get out of here right now! Otherwise, I will never forgive you!” 
“But…” 
Bella glared at Drew and shoved him away without saying another word. 
Drew felt a stab in his heart. He knew that his little sister was really angry with him this time. If he did 
not leave, he would really lose her. 
Thus, he had no choice but to leave quickly. Then he would contact Asher to send their baby sister to seek medical treatment. 
Bella breathed a sigh of relief. She ignored her own wound and ran over to check on Justin’s injuries. 
“Mr. Hoffman, please call an ambulance right away. They both need to be sent to the hospital for treatment.”
“But you’re also injured! You have to get treatment immediately!” Ryan felt so guilty that his voice choked. 
“I know my own body… It’s not a big deal.” 
Bella gritted her teeth and endured the pain. Then she stretched out her hands to do a preliminary examination for Justin. 
“Stop pretending, Anna… Get away from me!” Justin lay flat on the ground, panting. His eyes were burning with anger. 
He hated her for helping the murderer escape, but more than anything, he was worried that her injuries would worsen, so he wanted her to seek medical treatment as soon as possible. 
“I’ll leave after examining you. Don’t worry.” 
Bella lowered her long eyelashes and stubbornly groped his legs with her soft hands, checking for any fractures. 
There were bruises on his handsome face and blood stains on his thin lips. His suit, which was usually spotless, was extremely dirty. 
Bella still had feelings for Justin, so she felt distressed. 
She secretly cursed Drew. “That careless devil! How can he be so ruthless?!’ 
“Get lost! Don’t you understand English?!” Justin was angry and anxious, so he shouted at her. 
“No! You can’t take this lightly because you have old injuries. I have to make sure that you’re fine before I can leave!” Bella was also anxious and yelled back at him. Her eyes were red. 
Justin’s eyes were locked on Bella’s serious and beautiful face. He felt suspicious.
‘How did she know that I have old injuries? Did Ryan tell her?’ 
Soon, the ambulance arrived and took Justin and Ian to the nearest hospital for medical treatment. 
Fortunately, Justin only had superficial injuries. There were no muscle or bone injuries, and his old injuries were not affected. Thus, Bella was relieved. 
In the hospital, Ryan stayed by Bella’s side the entire time, besides when they were taking out the 
metallic ball from her shoulder. 
“How is it? Do you 
have any fractures?” 
Ryan’s heart leaped to his throat when he saw Bella coming out of the consultation room with a pale face. 
Bella smiled slightly and shook her head. “It’s nothing, just a few stitches.” 
“A few stitches… You think that’s nothing?!” 
Ryan felt that he might have a cardiac arrest. He paused with his arms raised helplessly in the air. His tone was remorseful as he said, “Will this have any after-effects? Will you have difficulty moving your arm in the future? Anna, you must tell me the truth!” 
“Pft!” 
Bella did not know whether to laugh or cry. She teased him in a soft voice. “You sound like you want me to be disabled. If I am really disabled and I can’t raise my arm anymore, what will you do, Mr. Hoffman?”
“I’ll marry you.” 
Bella frowned. “What?” 
Ryan’s Adam’s apple bobbed, and his eyes were red. He said in a hoarse voice, “I’ll take full 
responsibility for you, Anna. If you are really disabled, then I will marry you, and I will never let you suffer again.”
###chapter127
Bella thought, ‘What the hell! Is Ryan okay?!’ 
Bella screamed in her heart and laughed dryly. “Mr. Hoffman, you have a lot of jokes today…” 
“I’m not kidding, Anna. I’m serious!” 
Ryan was agitated and wanted to hold Bella’s shoulder, but Bella quickly stepped back and dodged him. 
“Mr. Hoffman, if I remember correctly, I have already told you my stance during the day. Do you want me to say something particularly unpleasant and hurtful in order for you to understand?” 
“I know. You rejected me.” 
Ryan looked at her deeply and smiled bitterly. “I also know that you’re with Asher now, but I want to tell you that I will always be standing right behind you. As long as you look back, I don’t mind being your rebound 
guy or sidepiece.” 
Bella thought, ‘Sidepiece?! Does he think I’m like Wyatt?!’ 
Ryan’s eyes were alluring, especially when they were filled with such sadness and sincerity. They could hook one’s soul. No wonder he was so popular with the ladies. 
Unfortunately, Bella was completely immune to Ryan’s charms. 
In comparison, Bella preferred Justin’s beautiful eyes, which were more ruthless than affectionate.
“By the way, Anna, who is the man who attacked Justin? Are you close to him?” Ryan asked nervously. 
“Young Madam!” 
Just when Bella was at a loss about how to answer that question, Ian walked toward them in a hospital 
gown. 
“Why did you get out of bed?” 
Bella hurriedly brushed past Ryan and stepped forward to support Ian. “Although you weren’t seriously injured, you still had a slight concussion when you fell and hit your head on the ground. You should rest more. Don’t move around.” 
“Young Madam, were you the one who rescued Mr. Salvador?” Ian asked excitedly. 
“I… I didn’t do anything.” Bella’s voice was dull. She felt guilty about what happened. 
“I knew you still have feelings for Mr. Salvador!” 
“Mr. Harris, has Mr. Salvador completed his treatment?” Bella ignored Ian and changed the subject. 
Ian nodded. His eyes were hopeful as he said, “Young Madam, can you please stay? At least… you can 
just take a look at Mr. Salvador.” 
Bella took a deep breath and walked toward Justin’s ward with sluggish steps. 
After all, her brother beat Justin. Everything happened because of her, so she could not let it be.
In the ward, Justin was leaning on the bedside and looking out the window. Even though his face was bruised, he still looked very handsome. His stern and proud face looked a little lonely at the moment. He even looked a little fragile. 
It was this face that Bella had loved for 13 years. 
To this day, her heart was still moved when she saw him, but the feeling was no longer the same. 
“Mr. Salvador.” 
“I will find out who did this tonight and pursue responsibility to the end. Before I get angry, you’d better disappear from my sight!” Justin’s voice was cold, and his face was glum. 
Bella had always been stubborn and rebellious. She liked to go against orders. 
She walked to the bed and stared at the man’s gloomy face fearlessly. “Mr. Salvador, I am here to solemnly apologize to you for what happened tonight. If you’re mad, you can come at me and hold me accountable. After all, he only hurt you because of me, so I won’t shirk this responsibility. If you want to settle it privately, I am willing to take responsibility for this matter. I don’t think you want to make this public knowledge and deal with your ex-wife in court, right? You’re a respectable person, and you’re about to marry Ms. Gold. Getting entangled in a lawsuit with your ex-wife will probably attract a lot of speculation. It’ll just make you look bad. Also, if this matter gets big, Grandpa will catch wind of it, and we won’t be able to explain it. Don’t you think so?” 
Every sentence shook Justin’s heart. 
He thought, ‘Anna is siding with that murderer! She’s defending him and taking on all the blame for him. How could she protect him like that?! She even protected a murderer, but what about me? Who am I to her? What a joke!’
“Anna… Who is he and what is his relationship with you? You were willing to die for him.” Justin’s eyes were red, and his heart was aching. 
“That wasn’t a real gun, and I’m not dead. I’m fine.” Bella’s eyes were calm. 
“Is there a difference? It makes no difference the moment you took the bullet for him!” 
Justin tried to get off the bed, but his whole body was in pain, and he had no strength. He pounded his fists on the bed angrily. “You’ve been married to me for three years, and you keep saying you love me … But look at what you did! None of the things you did lately show that you love me. Do you take me as a fool?!”
###chapter128
Under the influence of alcohol, Justin vented all his resentment. 
Justin was an extremely self-disciplined and restrained man. When he was shot on the battlefield, he did not even wince. However, he could not bear it anymore. 
“Mr. Salvador, you’re angry not because you were beaten or because I almost died from a gunshot. You’re only angry because you think I lied to you?” Bella’s heart throbbed in pain as an overwhelming feeling of disappointment engulfed her. 
Justin was startled. He pursed his thin lips in silence. 
“Justin, we are already divorced, so why do you care about this? It’s meaningless.” 
Bella sneered. “You’re mad that what originally belonged to you has become someone else’s. You hate the feeling of losing control over me. That’s all. Mr. Salvador, for the sake of your health, let’s just cut to the chase and talk about compensation.” 
“If you want to settle it in private, that’s fine too.” 
Justin closed his eyes. When he opened them again, they were bloodshot. “Tell me who that man is and your relationship with him. Then we can settle this privately.” 
“No,” Bella said without thinking. 
“Then leave Asher and cut off all contact with the Thompson family. If you do that, I’ll agree to a private settlement.” 
“Hah! Dream on!”
Bella thought, ‘This man is so shameless to push his luck!’ 
Bella’s cherry lips parted. They looked so beautiful that Justin was a little dazed. 
Justin narrowed his eyes slightly, wondering if he was attracted to her because he had not sobered yet. At that moment, he just found her so sexy. 
up 
Coming from a wealthy family, Justin had seen his fair share of beautiful women. He was confident that he could resist all temptations. 
However, he found it difficult at this moment. 
“Since you’re not serious about negotiating compensation, I will get my secretary to resolve this issue with you. I won’t disturb your rest. Goodbye.” 
Suddenly, Bella felt a tug on her arm. Justin found strength from nowhere and pulled her into his 
arms. 
Bella slammed into Justin’s solid and heaving chest. 
“Justin! You…” 
The next second, Justin kissed her lips. 
“Justin… Let go…” 
Bella was so anxious that her forehead was sweaty. She punched his broad shoulders with her little fists.
After three years of marriage, Justin had never taken the initiative to hold her hand, let alone kiss her. 
Now, Justin was kissing her as if he were out of control. 
At this thought, a wave of anger rose in Bella’s chest. Her eyes were red, and she bit Justin’s lips. 
“Ow!” Justin felt the pain and let go of her. 
“Asshole! Scumbag!” 
Bella was furious and ashamed. She raised her hand and slapped Justin in the face. 
Her handprint was clear on Justin’s handsome face. 
Justin’s eyes were burning with anger, but when he saw the tears in her eyes and her swollen lips, his heart clenched, and his mind went blank for a while. 
“Justin! What do you take me as? You trampled on my self-esteem when we were married, but now you’re harassing me after we got divorced! What on earth do you want before you’re willing to let me go?!” 
Bella was shaking with anger. She wiped off the smeared lipstick on her lips with the back of her hand. 
Her voice was trembling as she said, “You can give up on the thought of keeping me as your mistress and doing whatever you please with me! The next time this happens, I will crush you!” 
After saying that, she glared at him with hatred, turned around, and left angrily. 
Justin clenched his teeth as he endured the pain in his chest from that hateful glance. 
He thought, ‘What the hell was I thinking? I kissed her. I must be crazy!’
As soon as Bella left, Ryan came into the ward. 
“Justin, did you quarrel with Anna just now? You two were so loud that I could hear you outside.” 
When Ryan saw Justin’s bruised lips, he immediately shrieked. “Ah! You… What’s wrong with your lip? Did you… Did you… Fuck! You’re such a scumbag! You have a fiancée!”
###chapter129
Justin used his teeth to rub against his blood-stained lips. When his headache struck, he felt sober again. 
He had never kissed a woman on his own initiative. 
The only two times he kissed someone were when Rosalind took the initiative to come up to him. Even then, he only let her kiss the corner of his lips. 
He never expected how much he craved Anna’s lips this time, so much so that he lost control. 
Justin could not understand his behavior. 
“I drank too much tonight. I haven’t sobered up.’ 
)) 
Justin leaned back weakly and pinched his nose bridge. “I can’t drink like this anymore. It’s too easy to make mistakes.” 
“Bullshit! You’re just a drunken hooligan! You just harassed Anna, you scumbag!” 
Ryan clenched his fists and stomped around in anger. If Justin was not already seriously injured, he would have wanted to beat Justin up. 
Justin lost control of his emotions under the influence of alcohol. 
However, he had to admit that the moment he kissed his ex-wife, that sweet taste was unexpectedly delicious.
“I’m tired. You should leave.” Justin’s eyes darkened, and his Adam’s apple bobbed. 
“Justin, you’re so heartless. You shouldn’t have taken advantage of Anna while she’s injured! She has had several stitches. How could you still forcefully kiss her?!” Ryan felt sorry for his crush and yelled at Justin. 
Justin frowned, and his heart clenched. 
Bella ran into the bathroom to fix her hair and rinsed her flushed cheeks with cold water. Then she dragged her exhausted body out of the hospital. 
Her beautiful eyes were watery and filled with mixed emotions. 
She thought, ‘We are already divorced. How could he kiss me like that? He’s so disrespectful and hateful!’ 
“Bella!” 
At this time, a tall man rushed over and hugged her tightly. 
“Bella! I’m sorry for being late!” Asher’s eyes were teary, and he felt extremely distressed. 
“Ash, I’m fine…” 
(< 
Asher knew that her left shoulder was injured, so he dared not touch it. He hugged her and said, Does the wound still hurt? Let’s take you back to the Thompson Hospital and find the best doctor to take another look.” 
“It’s fine.”
Bella 
grim. 
put away her messy emotions and took a deep breath. Her eyes were cold again, and her face was 
“Where is Drew? Get him to come and see me!” 
Bella’s villa seemed shrouded in gloom, as if a storm was brewing. 
Asher was sitting far away at the table, drinking tea, as if this matter had nothing to do with him. 
Axel and Steven were standing next to Bella. The two men, who were about 1.8 meters tall, looked somewhat weak and helpless compared to Bella’s chilling and oppressive vibe. 
“Ahem, Ms. Bella… Drew is your biological brother. Why don’t you calm down first?” Steven was nervous for Drew and whispered some advice to Bella. 
“Yeah, Bella. Drew is a special agent, so I’m sure he knows how to control his strength. He just wants to help you teach that jerkface Justin a lesson.” Axel felt the murderous intent radiating from Bella’s body and was frightened. 
“Special agent? I think he’s more like a professional assassin!”
###chapter130
Bella looked at Axel coldly. “Axel, when you called me earlier, you were worried that Drew would do something to Justin. It has only been a few hours since, but you changed your tune already?” 
“Oh, so you’re the one who ratted me out! Axel, you snitch!” 
Drew narrowed his sharp eyes and glared at Axel. He gritted his teeth and said, “Just you wait! I’ll rip out your balls!” 
“How dare you talk to your older brother like that?! You’re so disrespectful! Baby sis, please don’t hold back and unleash hell on this psycho. You should just throw him into the furnace!” Axel saw that it was useless to persuade Bella, so he simply added fuel to the fire. 
Anyway, Drew would not survive tonight, and Axel did not want to get implicated. 
“Drew Brown! You still have the nerve to yell at Axel? Do you still refuse to admit your mistake?!” Bella raised her eyebrows in anger. 
“What did I do that’s so wrong? Since ancient times, beauty has been the downfall of great heroes. I’m just getting rid of that homme fatale for you, baby sis!” Drew frowned and had a rebellious look on his face. 
“You’re ridiculous!” 
Bella was so angry that she slapped the armrest of the sofa. As a result, she injured her shoulder and winced from the pain. 
“Bella, what’s wrong?”
“Baby sis, are you okay?! Don’t scare me!” 
“Ms. Bella, are you alright?! I’ll get the car and take you to the hospital right now!” 
Asher, Axel, Drew, and Steven instantly panicked. The four grown men surrounded Bella worriedly, as if she were about to deliver a baby. 
Drew knelt on one knee in front of Bella, carefully took her delicate hand, and pressed it to his heart. His face turned pale with fright. 
“Baby sis, does your wound hurt? It’s all my fault… You can hit me and scold me all you want!” 
“Do you finally admit your mistake this time?” Bella gasped lightly as a thin layer of sweat formed on 
her forehead. 
“I…” 
Drew thought of how Bella sacrificed herself and took the bullet for him. He regretted his actions so much that his breathing became difficult. “Bella, I’m so sorry… I just couldn’t bear seeing my favorite 
sister suffer because of that piece of shit. You’re the apple of our eyes, and we have showered you with love. But that bastard Justin hurt you and made you sad, so he must pay the price!” 
“Drew, I’ll only say this one last time.” 
Bella’s eyes instantly turned red. She said word for word, “I married Justin on my own accord. No one forced me. I knew he was in love with someone else, and I knew how cold he was. At that time, I thought my passion could warm him. I thought I could make him fall in love with me, but in the end, I failed. I should be held responsible for my choices. It has nothing to do with him. They are my problems, so I won’t allow you to cause trouble for him. I won’t allow you to hurt him!”
Drew was shocked to hear this. 
“Drew, I can’t get over this.” 
Bella sighed quietly, with a hint of pain in her eyes. “To be honest, I have been in love with Justin for so long that even though we are divorced now, he’s still important to me. Can’t we just let everything end quietly? Why do you have to do this to keep getting me involved in his life when I’m ready to start over? When you hit him, did you ever think about my feelings?” 
“Bella, I’m sorry! It’s all my fault. Please give me another chance! I’ll do whatever you want! I will never find fault with Justin again!” Drew begged with watery eyes. 
He had carried out many dangerous missions without flinching, but he was frightened when he saw that his sister might not forgive him. 
“Baby sis…” 
Bella’s sad eyes flickered with a sly thought. She pouted and said in a soft voice, “Then go home with me to have dinner with Wyatt in two days.” 
Asher and Axel looked at each other, exchanging a knowing look. 
Drew was reluctant, but he had to compromise in order to coax Bella. “Fine! I’ll go back with you.”
###chapter131
After the press conference, Bethany’s image of a well-bred elite lady that Shannon had created for many years finally collapsed. 
That night, Bethany was exhausted and limp. The servants had to carry her into Tideview Manor. 
“Sob… Mom… You must help me get revenge! You must help me vent this anger!” 
Bethany cried so hard that she could not care less about her image. “Everyone online is criticizing me now… I can’t show my face in public anymore!” 
“How should I vent your anger? Should I slap Justin, or should I force him to step down and give up his position as CEO to a brainless girl like you?!” 
Shannon pointed at Bethany’s crying face and yelled, “What did I tell you just now? I asked you to memorize the draft I gave you, and I told you not to put on makeup. You must show your bare face to show your sincerity! But what did you do? You threw my plan out the window! You’ve made your bed, now lie in it! What’s the point of crying?! Even your dad doesn’t want to bother anymore!” 
“Mom, I was wrong… I shouldn’t have disobeyed you… I will never do it again!” 
Bethany cried, kneeling at Shannon’s feet and shaking her legs. “Mom… Although Justin plays a part in this incident, the culprit is that bitch Anna! If she hadn’t insisted that I apologize, I wouldn’t have ended up in this situation!” 
“Anna must be dealt with.” 
Shannon narrowed her slender and scheming eyes. “Your grandfather’s birthday is coming soon. I have already planned to make Anna embarrass herself and let you win this time.”
“Mom, what are you planning?” Bethany sniffed. 
When Bethany heard that Shannon would deal with Anna, she felt rejuvenated and excited. 
Shannon crossed her arms and sneered. “You’ll know when the time comes.” 
At this time, Bethany’s phone beeped. 
She looked at her phone and suddenly screamed, almost giving Shannon a heart attack. 
“Why are you screaming so late at night?!” 
“I’m going to kill that slut, Anna!” Bethany yelled like a maniac. 
At the same time, Shannon’s phone rang. It was Rosalind calling. 
“Rose, what’s wrong?” 
“Aunt Shannon, have you seen the photo I just sent to Bethany?” Rosalind asked in a worried tone. 
“What photo?” 
Shannon’s eyes widened when she saw Bethany’s phone. 
“I was shopping with Justin in the mall today and bumped into Anna and Mr. Hoffman. They looked so close, and everyone thought that they were a couple. Not only that, Mr. Hoffman also gave Anna a super expensive sapphire necklace. Justin wanted to buy that necklace for me, but Mr. Hoffman bought it first and gave it to that bitch.” 
Rosalind sighed helplessly. “To me, it’s just a necklace, but Bethany’s future is at stake. After all, Bethany wants to marry Mr. Hoffman. If Anna gets in between them, she’ll just become a stumbling block for Bethany.”
“This little bitch! Will she die without seducing men for a day? How dare she covet my future son-in- law?!” 
Shannon clenched her jaw, and her eyes were fierce and poisonous. “Since she likes to steal 
someone’s man, I’ll make her wish come true!” 
Shannon thought, ‘Anna, you can only be smug for a few more days. Nigel’s birthday party is the day your reputation will be ruined!’ 
Justin spent the next three days recovering in the hospital. 
He did not tell anyone about it because he thought it would be troublesome. When Rosalind called him 
to ask him out, he made excuses because he did not want her to visit him at the hospital. 
Every night before he fell asleep, Justin would think of the time he had forcibly kissed Anna. 
He could still feel the lingering softness of Anna’s lips on his. 
Justin thought, ‘I must be crazy! Alcohol is truly the mother of all evils!’ 
Justin gritted his teeth and swore that he would never kiss Anna again. 
Seeing that Anna did not come to visit him on the fourth day, Justin was infuriated. 
What a heartless woman! 
“Mr. Salvador, the doctor said that you can be discharged now.” Ian respectfully informed Justin of the good news while holding a brand-new bespoke suit. 
“Has Anna contacted you?” Justin asked coldly.
“No…” 
“Hah! Her people almost beat me to death, but she wants to brush it off, huh?” 
Justin clenched his fingers. His handsome face was gloomy as he said, “Did you go back and look for my National Defense Military Academy’s graduation photo album? Have you found it?” 
“I found it.” 
Ian put down Justin’s suit, pulled out a huge photo album with a dark blue cover from his briefcase, and handed it over to Justin.
###chapter132
Justin took over the graduation photo album and began to flip through it from the beginning. 
He remembered that the man he fought with that night had similar fighting tactics to his own. Although the man was wearing a mask, his eyes looked very familiar. Justin was sure that he must have seen this man before. 
Justin had attended a military academy, so he had strong investigative and observation skills. He covered every student’s face in the photo album with his hand and began to compare the pictures with that pair of eyes in his memory. 
After some time, Justin suddenly stood up with blazing eyes. Ian was startled. 
“Mr. Salvador, did you discover something?” 
“It’s him…” 
The man in the photo was wearing a military uniform. He looked handsome, with thick eyebrows and charming eyes. 
The name below the picture was Drew Brown. 
“Anna Brown… Drew Brown… No wonder he called her baby sis…” 
Justin had a very deep impression of Drew back then. 
While they were in the military academy, the two of them were at the top of their class. The only person who could compete with Justin in school was Drew. 
After their graduation, everyone went their separate ways, and Drew went off the grid.
Justin’s eyes flickered. Rather than being excited about discovering the true identity of the perpetrator, Justin was more excited about gradually unraveling the mystery of Anna’s life. 
However, Justin knew nothing about Drew because the military academy kept every student’s information highly confidential. 
But that did not matter. Drew was Anna’s brother, not her lover, so Justin felt much better. 
Just then, there was a knock on the door. 
Ian hurriedly walked over and opened the door. He was startled to see who was outside. 
“Hello, Mr. Harris.” 
Steven was standing at the door, holding an expensive gift basket. He smiled politely and said, “I am 
here to visit Mr. Salvador on Ms. Brown’s order. Is Mr. Salvador awake?” 
“Come in,” Justin responded coldly. 
Lan had no choice but to smile and make way for Steven. 
Steven walked in and put the gift on the table. He said with a smile, “It seems that Ms. Brown is quite accurate in her prediction. You have indeed met the discharge standards, Mr. Salvador.” 
“Is it just you?” Justin looked toward the door with a sullen face. 
Justin had hoped to see Anna’s beautiful face again. 
“Ms. Brown has to help Mr. Thompson manage the hotel, so she doesn’t have time to visit 
you
and 
sent for me instead. I am her personal secretary, so it’s all the same.” 
Bella never told Steven to say the first half of the sentence. Steven added it himself. 
Steven intended to spite Justin and vent Bella’s grievances. 
Sure enough, Justin’s face turned gloomy again. “I don’t need this kind of insincere visit. Take your gift and leave.” 
“Ms. Brown said that if you don’t want it, you can just throw it away. She will never take back the gifts she gave out.” Steven spoke without changing his expression. 
“Ask Anna to come over and see me.” Justin stood up gracefully. He stood tall and proud with his back against the light. 
“I’m sorry, Mr. Salvador. Ms. Brown is very busy and has no time to see you. She has repeatedly told me to handle all subsequent matters, including your compensation. Let me know if you have any conditions. She will agree to it as long as it doesn’t go against her principles.” Steven flashed a fake 
smile. 
“I want to see her,” Justin said, word for word. 
“No.” 
“Then why are you still talking nonsense here?” 
Ian could not bear it any longer and took a step forward. “I know that you’re here to cause trouble!”
Steven’s smile at this moment was acquiescing to Ian’s statement. 
“Go back and tell Anna this.” 
Justin’s face was glum. “I want her to tell me who that attacker was. Otherwise, I won’t let it go so easily.” 
“I know that Salvador Corporation’s legal team is one of the best in Savrow, but KS Group’s legal department isn’t just for show either. Mr. Salvador, if you really want to sue your ex-wife on the eve of your wedding, Mr. Thompson won’t just sit back and watch either.” 
Steven’s eyes darkened. “Mr. Salvador, as a successful person in the business world, you of all people should understand that going to court should be the last resort.” 
After that, Steven bowed and turned to leave. Before he left, he suddenly asked, “Mr. Salvador, Ms. Brown wants to know if you were the one who pushed Ms. Bethany to do the press conference.” 
“This is my family’s private matter and has nothing to do with you.” Justin’s attitude was extremely cold. 
“Very well. I’ll take my leave.” 
Steven left with a smile. 
“How disrespectful! He didn’t come here to visit you. He came to make trouble!” Ian gritted his teeth, wanting to chase after Steven and bite him. 
Justin took a deep breath and said, “I want you to send someone to follow Steven right now. Tell me his whereabouts at all times.”
###chapter133
In the general manager’s office of the KS World Hotel, the supposedly busy Bella was playing video games at the moment. In the game, Bella was a butcher with a chainsaw who started to chase the 
survivors. 
There was beer and fried chicken on the table, which were her favorite things to eat while playing games. 
To Bella, nothing could compare to the simple things in life, such as a barbecue in the summer nights, a cheese fondue in the winter, and fried chicken while playing games. 
Bella suddenly thought of the time she married Justin. She endured her smoke allergy and wore a mask to cook the most exquisite dishes for him for three whole years. 
She remembered seeing how Aunt Celeste captured Wyatt’s heart with her excellent cooking skills. So Bella thought that she could do the same thing and make Justin praise her if she could cook well. Maybe then he would be able to notice her. 
For this reason, Bella secretly went to Savrow’s top culinary school to learn cooking. She was the only girl in her batch. 
After the course, Bella’s cooking improved so much that she had even surpassed her teacher. Her teacher wanted to keep her as an apprentice because he thought she was naturally talented. With some guidance, Bella could make a name for herself as a world-class chef. 
In the end, Bella failed to capture Justin’s attention through her cooking, let alone his heart.
Back then, Justin had only eaten at home a handful of times. During the few times he ate at home, he did not make any comments either. 
Who could possibly bear having their hopes dashed repeatedly? But Bella endured it for three years. 
Bella dejectedly grabbed another fried chicken and took a bite, imagining it was Justin’s neck. 
Fortunately, she no longer had to suffer so much. 
If only there was a time machine, Bella would go back in time to take back her love. Instead of wasting her efforts on Justin, she wished she would have spent that time with Wyatt and her family. 
There was a knock on the door, and Steven walked in. 
“Ms. Bella, I’ve delivered the gift and relayed your message.” 
“Okay. He didn’t agree to a private settlement, huh?” Bella looked indifferent. 
“Yeah… He wants you to hand over Drew. Otherwise, he won’t compromise.” 
“Tsk, tsk! He really thinks he’s so high and mighty that he can make any demands, huh?” 
Bella won another round and exited the game. She held a fried chicken in her left hand and a beer in 
her right hand, looking as casual as if she were at home. “I investigated the scene and didn’t find any surveillance cameras nearby. So, he has no evidence to prove that Drew assaulted him. Even if he 
brings this to court, he won’t be able to charge Drew with anything.” 
Everyone in the Thompson family was smart and overprotective of each other. They would never let their family members suffer a loss.
“But I feel like Justin has noticed something.” 
Steven walked to her side and lowered his voice worriedly. “When I went to see Justin, I saw the military academy’s graduation photo album on his bedside table. He must have noticed something if he suddenly took the photo album out.” 
Bella was shocked. She narrowed her charming eyes and fell into deep thought. 
“It doesn’t matter. The military academy and Drew have encrypted Drew’s information. Drew has never appeared in KS Group’s public events, so no one will find out that he’s related to the Thompson family. Anyway, I will protect my fourth brother. If Justin wants to check it out, let him be. He’ll probably die of exhaustion before he finds anything.” 
At that time, Bella’s biological mother, Yara Brown, gave birth to quadruplets. Among them, Asher and Axel took their father’s last name, while Declan and Drew took their mother’s last name. 
Asher and Axel were identical twins, but Declan and Drew were fraternal twins and looked nothing like Asher and Axel. 
This served as a good cover for Drew. 
“I also asked Justin about the press conference.” 
“What did he say?” Bella’s eyes flickered. 
“He said that this was the Salvador family’s private matter and that we had no business knowing. He glared at me like I owed him a million dollars!” Steven snorted in displeasure. 
Bella narrowed her eyes and took another bite of the fried chicken. “I know Justin fairly well. Although he’s a scumbag when it comes to relationships, he’s quite righteous in other aspects. If he didn’t do it,
he would have told you straight up. It seems like he really did it.” 
Steven widened his eyes in surprise. “What is he trying to do? He’s the president of Salvador Corporation. It won’t do him any good to smear the Salvador family’s reputation.” 
Bella suddenly remembered how Justin pulled her into his arms and kissed her domineeringly. 
She could not help but blush at that scene. 
Then she threw the chicken bone into the trash can with great precision. 
“Hah! Who knows? Maybe he has some sort of neurodegenerative disease that I didn’t know about while married to him for three years.”
###chapter134
In the evening, Asher’s Rolls-Royce, with the number plate “9999”, was waiting at the entrance of the KS World Hotel. As soon as it appeared, it attracted countless envious gazes from passersby. 
At the same time, a black Maybach lurked in an inconspicuous corner. 
Justin was sitting in the back seat of the Maybach with his thin lips tightly pressed together. His hawk eyes were locked on the Rolls-Royce. 
Not long after, Bella walked out of the hotel, accompanied by Steven. 
Justin thought that Anna’s dress was particularly eye-catching. In the past few times he saw her, she looked beautiful and fashionable in a fitted pantsuit and stilettos. She also had bold red lips. Her beauty was a little too aggressive. 
At this moment, Justin noticed that Anna only had light makeup on her delicate face, and her hair was let down over her shoulders. She was wearing a well-tailored light blue silk dress that accentuated her proportionate body perfectly. Her waist was slender, and the hem of her dress was flowy, which made her look so ethereal and graceful. 
Justin’s eyes darkened with a hint of sadness. 
Anna had such a beautiful face and perfect figure that she would look good in the most luxurious designer clothes. But during the three years she stayed with Justin, she only wore simple cotton dresses and white sneakers. 
Justin could have given Anna whatever Asher 
gave her.
But why did Anna restrain herself to that extent during their three-year marriage? 
Anna acted like a pitiful doormat. Was she trying to make others think that he was incapable of treating his wife well? 
Seeing his ex-wife getting into Asher’s car, Justin became tense. He ordered in a low voice, “Follow that car!” 
The Rolls-Royce headed toward Hatchbay. 
In the car, Bella lifted her chin and proudly took out the financial report she had prepared for Wyatt as well as her plans for the subsequent business expansion. She handed them to Asher. 
“Ash, I won the first battle. My results in the past two months have been gratifying, don’t you think? Aren’t I awesome?” 
Asher was flipping through the pages with his left hand and lovingly stroking his sister’s hair with his right hand. “Our little princess is extremely talented and intelligent. You achieved what others would normally take a year to do within two months. You are a natural businesswoman.” 
“I’m not a little princess. I’m a queen who will stop at nothing to expand the Thompson family’s empire!” Bella smiled arrogantly. “When I become the CEO of KS Group, the entire Hatchbay will be at my disposal. No, not just Hatchbay, but also Savrow. KS Group will enter Savrow’s market. Salvador Corporation’s monopoly is coming to an end!” 
“Very good. You’re just as formidable as the Russian Empress Catherine II.” 
Asher nodded and asked with concern, “If you want to enter Savrow’s market, you will inevitably have to compete with Justin. Will you be able to do that?” 
“Of course, I want that.
Bella clenched her fists. Her eyes were gleaming with competitiveness. “I failed in love, but I ought to win in business!” 
“Okay. If you are so determined, I will definitely support you.” Asher looked so handsome with his gentle smile. 
“Ash, how are you going to support me?” Bella’s eyes 
“By praying for you, may the Lord bless you.” 
3) 
lit up 
with excitement. 
Bella was speechless. 
Not far behind them, a Maybach tailed the Rolls-Royce. 
“Mr. Salvador, I think they’re heading to Hatchbay,” Ian said while driving. 
“They are.” Justin’s voice was deep. 
“Oh! Is Mr. Thompson bringing the young madam to meet his parents? This is terrible, Mr. Salvador! Mr. Thompson is going to snatch away the young madam! You have to think of a way to bring her back!” 
“She won’t dare!”
Justin’s veins were bulging on his forehead. He said through gritted teeth, “She hasn’t finalized the divorce with me yet, so she is still my wife in name. How dare she plan her next marriage? Does she 
think that I’m dead?” 
He thought, ‘It has only been a few days since her brother injured me, but she ignored me and went to meet her new lover’s parents! Anna, are you so impatient to get rid of me? Are you trying every possible means to humiliate me?!’ 
“But Mr. Salvador, it’s agreed upon that you and the young madam will finalize the divorce after Old Master Nigel’s birthday. This day will come sooner or later, and you won’t be able to control her.” Ian sighed helplessly. 
Justin’s long eyelashes trembled, and his chest felt compressed. 
For some reason, Justin was flustered.
###chapter135
The Rolls-Royce drove into Yara Park’s antique and majestic gate. 
From the moment they entered the compound, the servants happily ran around, spreading the news of their arrival. 
“Ms. Bella is back!” 
As soon as Bella and Asher got out of the car, the butler Finley and several servants lined up on both sides of the entryway and bowed respectfully to greet them. 
“Welcome home, Ms. Bella!” 
“Ms. Bella, may you live a long and healthy life!” 
Bella touched her forehead and thought, ‘I wish I could be immortal!’ 
“Bella! You’re finally back! We miss you so much!” 
Bella looked over and saw Wyatt’s second wife, Mila, and another woman with shoulder-length hair who was wearing a purple satin shirt with a bow silk scarf at the neckline and black wide-leg pants. She was as tall and slim as a supermodel as she ran toward Bella. 
That woman was Wyatt’s fourth and youngest wife, Sasha Jenkins. 
“Aunt Mila, Aunt Sasha.” 
Bella smiled brightly and stepped forward to hug them. 
Asher smiled when he saw this scene. He had mixed feelings in his heart.
The Thompson family was the wealthiest and most prestigious family in Hatchbay. However, the Thompson family ties and interpersonal relationships were quite complex. Every time Wyatt brought in a new mistress, it turned the family upside down, especially with Sasha, who was only eight years older than Asher. 
It was precisely because of this that Bella followed Drew’s example and left home. She joined Doctors Without Borders and wandered around the world for a long time. 
Later, the sincerity of Wyatt’s three wives moved Bella and warmed up her cold heart little by little. Asher also told Bella a lot of stories about their three stepmothers. That was how Bella finally got over her grudge and no longer resented them. 
Besides, even if Bella wanted to blame someone, she would blame Wyatt. 
“Bella, you’ve lost weight…” 
Sasha was a martial artist. She was straightforward and spoke her mind. She blamed Asher for neglecting Bella. “Asher, if you are too busy to spare time to take care of Bella, just say so and send Bella home. We’ll take care of her! You said you’d feed her like a pig, but she looks more like a 
greyhound now! This isn’t right. You broke your promise!” 
Asher did not know if he should laugh or cry. “Alright, it’s my fault. I’m sorry, Aunt Sasha.” 
“Aunt Sasha, you know that I have a fast metabolism, so I eat a lot but don’t gain weight.” 
Bella and Sasha were enemies in the past, but they are more like sisters now. “Ash took care of me and even gave me his chief secretary, Steven. You all know how good Steve’s cooking is. He can have a dozen ways to cook a fish. I’m well taken care of, so don’t worry.” 
“Hmph! I don’t believe it!”
Sasha snorted and gently pinched Bella’s thin face. “Can Steve be better at cooking than Celeste? Your Aunt Celeste started preparing the ingredients last night when she heard that you were coming home. She’s been in the kitchen all day today, and she didn’t even bother to drink a sip of water. Wyatt said that the way Celeste is preparing for your arrival is like hosting a banquet for the country’s president. Her standards are probably higher than that!” 
“I told Aunt Celeste to keep it simple. It’s just a family dinner, so what’s important is the people.” 
“We both offered to help, but she said she couldn’t trust anyone’s cooking and insisted on doing it herself.” 
Mila sighed softly and said with a smile, “Celeste may seem gentle, but she can be really stubborn at times.” 
“I think that Aunt Celeste just can’t trust Aunt Sasha…” 
Bella burst out laughing. “After all, Aunt Sasha burned the pot four times, set off the fire alarm three times, and blew up the stove twice. That’s why Aunt Celeste no longer dares to let Aunt Sasha appear in the kitchen.” 
“Hey, stop picking on me! I thought we were friends!” Sasha raised her eyebrows and reached out to 
tickle Bella. 
“Yes, yes, we are!” 
They were like best friends, teasing each other. 
When Bella thought of Wyatt’s third wife, Celeste, she thought of the time she was living with Justin’s family.
During those three years, Bella walked on eggshells, fearing that Justin would hate her if she did something wrong. She did not want the Salvador family to complain about her. 
After only three years, Bella felt as if she had become a different person. How did Celeste survive these twenty years? 
Bella thought, ‘Women really shouldn’t humble themselves for men. We should be independent, strong, and beautiful. We shouldn’t be confined to a mediocre life in a nice house because that would be such a pity.’ 
Bella’s stepmothers held Bella’s arm and led her into the villa. 
The night was cool and quiet. 
Justin’s Maybach was parked outside Yara Park in the dark. 
Ian opened the car door for Justin, who stepped out and looked toward the Thompson family’s residence. 
“I’ve long heard that Chairman Thompson was fond of classical architecture and had bought dozens of mansions across the country. Now that I’m here, I can see that it’s not a rumor.” 
Ian looked at the intricate classical buildings in Yara Park and exclaimed, “This place is like a palace. It’s so magnificent that even Tideview Manor can’t compare to this.”
###chapter136
After saying that, Ian felt like he had said too much and quickly slapped his own mouth. 
Justin’s eyes were dark, reflecting the bright lights from the Thompsons’ mansion. When he heard the faint laughter coming from Yara Park, Justin felt cold and lonely. 
Anna, as Asher’s girlfriend, seemed to be loved by the Thompson family. 
At first, Justin thought that the Thompson family’s interpersonal relationships would be complicated. Wyatt Thompson had three mistresses in addition to his late wife. Although they were not legally married to Wyatt, they were treated as his wives and had already borne children for him. 
Justin thought that Wyatt’s three wives would be a big hurdle for Anna if she wanted to marry Asher. That way, Anna would be put in a difficult position and would eventually give up. 
However, he did not expect Anna to get along so harmoniously with Asher’s family. Justin could hear their laughter even from so far away. 
This showed how much the Thompson family liked Anna. 
At this point, Justin’s face became pale, and his heart was filled with bitterness. He found it hard to breathe. 
“Do you have any cigarettes? I’d like to smoke one.” 
“Wyatt! I’m back!” Bella shouted at the top of her lungs as soon as she entered the living room. 
“What took you so long? I’m starving!” 
Wyatt complained and walked over, accompanied by Axel.
“Aww, look at you all dressed up! Wyatt, why are you so formal? Do you want to outshine your sons?” Bella teased and looked at her old father. 
Wyatt wore a three-piece suit with a white shirt and a gold pocket watch. Despite his age, he looked handsome and noble, like a typical business mogul from the movies. 
“Outshine them? I don’t even have to try.” 
Wyatt raised his eyebrows. “I can wear whatever I want and still be good-looking enough to be a movie star. If I were back in my thirties, my pictures would be printed on calendars, and countless women would be paying respects to me!” 
“Ahem… Dad, I don’t think “paying respects” is the right term for that. One would only pay respects to dead people…” Axel reminded Wyatt in a low voice. 
“You brat! If you didn’t point it out, no one would’ve noticed!” Wyatt glared at him. 
Everyone wanted to say, “Oh, we noticed. Only you didn’t notice it.” 
“You guys didn’t tell Camilla, Ralph, and Amelia to come back, did you?” Bella asked with concern. 
“We won’t dare to disobey your order.” Mila smiled knowingly. “Don’t worry, I didn’t tell them.” 
“Hmph! So you’re the one who didn’t want those little monkeys to come home. I was wondering why they were so heartless. It turns out that they didn’t even know that you came back.” 
Wyatt sighed with regret. “Sigh… You guys should have called the kids back for a reunion dinner tonight.” 
“Camilla is living in Sentania right now. Why would you bother her and ask her to come home for a family dinner when she’s so far away? Ralph is busy handling cases in the police force, and Amelia has
exams soon, so she has to study hard. Also, it’s not convenient for her to leave school. Don’t make a fuss out of nothing! Isn’t it enough that we’re here to accompany you?” Bella nagged at her father. 
“What about Drew? He has nothing to do all day and only fools around. Savrow is only two hours’ drive from here, so why didn’t he come? Is he dead?!” Wyatt was infuriated at the mention of his fourth son. 
“Drew is…” 
Before Bella finished speaking, a resounding and pleasant voice came from behind her. 
“I was just waiting for you to scold me. If you didn’t, how would I have the chance to make an appearance?” 
Everyone turned around and saw Drew walking over with his hands in the pockets of his black 
windbreaker. He had a devilish smile on his handsome face as he shook his head. 
“Sorry to disappoint, Chairman Thompson, but I’m alive and well.” 
As soon as Drew appeared, Mila and Sasha took a step back. The smiles on their faces faded as well. 
They knew that Drew hated their family and hated them even more, so it was safest to blend in with the background at the moment. 
Bella secretly breathed a sigh of relief. 
This guy was always so elusive. He would only show up at the last minute and avoid this house as much as possible. 
“Where’s the food? Didn’t you ask me to come back for dinner? Let’s eat quickly so that I’ll have time
to fool around.” 
As he said that, Drew turned to look at Bella. 
What he wanted to say was, “My mission is complete. You promised that if I showed up, you wouldn’t be mad at me anymore.” 
Bella blinked her bright eyes and deliberately looked away, pretending not to understand what Drew was saying with his eyes. 
The air in the living room suddenly became colder. 
Wyatt ground his teeth in anger and walked up to Drew with a sullen face. 
“Send me a recent photo of you.” 
“What?” 
“I’m afraid that you’ll end up dead one day, and I won’t even have a photo of you as your memorial portrait. Send it to me now!”
###chapter137
Drew thought, ‘Look at that! This old man is cursing his son to die as soon as I see him!’ 
“I don’t think that’s necessary.” 
Drew’s eyelids were half-closed. He raised his eyebrows and said, “I’ll make sure to keep myself alive just for you. Otherwise, I’m afraid that everyone in this family can’t pull the plug on you when the time comes. In the end, you’ll still have to count on me to pull the plug.” 
“You bastard! How dare you pull the plug on me?! I’ll beat you up!” 
Wyatt was furious. He shouted for Finley to get his whip while wanting to take off his handmade leather shoes to throw them at Drew’s irksome smile. 
Asher and Axel pulled the two away from each other to prevent a fight. Mila and Sasha also came up to console Wyatt, but Wyatt was still infuriated. 
Suddenly, a gentle and soft voice interrupted them. 
“Um… Dinner is ready. Shall we start eating?” 
The noise died down when everyone turned their heads in unison. 
Wyatt’s third wife, Celeste, was wearing an apron and holding a spatula as she stared at everyone in confusion. 
At this moment, Wyatt’s stomach growled in response. 
“Let’s eat! I’ll only have the strength to deal with this little punk after I’ve filled my stomach!”
Everyone breathed a sigh of relief and followed Wyatt to the dining hall for dinner. 
“Drew, you went too far with your joke. Dad is easy-going, but you shouldn’t have said that.” Asher looked at Drew sternly. 
“Who said I was joking? I meant it.” Drew raised his eyebrows. 
“Drew Brown.” Asher’s expression suddenly turned grim and cold. 
“Tsk! Why are you so mean to me? He was the one who cursed me first! I was just returning the favor. Ugh, fine. I won’t say anything if you don’t want me to. Just stop looking at me like that. I’ll get nightmares tonight.” 
Drew shuddered and muttered under his breath as he walked toward the dining hall. 
Asher’s eyes softened again, and he trailed behind with a helpless sigh. 
“Tsk, tsk! Everything has its vanquisher. Only you can make Drew surrender. One glare from you, and that punk behaves like an obedient puppy.” 
Axel imitated his elder brother’s expression. His thick eyebrows knitted together, and he narrowed 
his eyes, dramatically trying to glare at Asher. “It looks like I’ll have to practice your lethal glare whenever I’m free. That way, Drew won’t dare to disrespect me!” 
Bella glanced at Axel in disdain. “Stop practicing. You look cross-eyed.” 
Wyatt was in a particularly good mood tonight. His face was flushed from drinking one glass after another of wine. Mila tried to persuade him not to drink so much but to no avail.
Even though there was no communication between Wyatt and Drew, who were sitting at opposite ends of the dining table, everyone could tell that Wyatt was excited that Drew had come home to visit him. Wyatt often glanced at Drew when others were not paying attention. It was as if Drew was the one he missed the most. 
Drew was keenly aware of his father’s gaze, but he deliberately ignored it. 
Wyatt was inevitably disappointed. 
Bella was very observant, so she noticed these details and felt a little uneasy. 
She knew that Drew was still holding a grudge and that he still resented their father for not being loyal to their mother. 
The Thompson family had such a big business empire that their wealth surpassed that of some countries. Wyatt had hundreds of billions of dollars in assets, so his nine children would inherit more than what most people could earn in a lifetime. He could even have nine more children and still have more than enough to give. 
As the chairman of KS Group, Wyatt was charismatic, personable, and affectionate. When Wyatt was young, he was almost assassinated many times. By the time he was in his fifties, he had created 
several miracles in the business world. 
Such a man was almost perfect. His only flaw was his philandering habit. 
After all, no one was perfect. 
When Bella was young, she would cry, make trouble, and complain about her stepmothers like Drew did. However, as she grew older, she learned to let it go.
Since she could not change reality, it was better to let it go. 
Bella would not ask Drew to forgive Wyatt, nor would she make excuses for her father’s scumbag 
behavior. She just hoped that Drew would let go of his grudges so that he could live a normal life. That was the only way he would be able to come out of his childhood trauma. 
After dinner, Drew burped with satisfaction. 
“Well, I have to admit that your mistress’s cooking is delicious. I ate three bowls of pasta tonight, so I 
will have to exercise more tomorrow.” 
“Drew, don’t call her a mistress. Aunt Celeste is a pitiful person.” Bella took a sip of red wine. Her 
eyes were complicated. 
“No matter how pitiful she used to be, she is now Wyatt’s proud mistress. That’s a great reputation that most people won’t look down on.” 
Drew narrowed his charming eyes and said with a cold voice, “Bella, isn’t our mother the most pitiful person? We’re all acting like one big family. Has Wyatt ever thought about his wife when he’s thinking about which mistress he wants to sleep with each night?”
###chapter138
Bella’s heart ached, and her brows knitted up. “Of course, I miss Mom. I think about her every day, but Mom is no longer here, Drew. As her children, we must gradually learn to be more mature and accept reality. We’re Wyatt’s children, too. We must protect our family and look forward to life.” 
“You can, but I can’t do it. I’m a wild child who sleeps in his memories and can never wake up. You guys are still my closest family, but this place is no longer my home.” 
There was a tense silence between Drew and Bella. 
“Fine. Don’t be upset, Bella. I’ll respect your choice no matter what.” 
Drew saw that Bella’s eyes were red, so he hugged her in distress and coaxed her gently. “Let’s not 
talk about this anymore. I’ll tell you something interesting. Justin Salvador is here.” 
“What?!” Bella screamed and stood up in shock. Her heart was beating wildly. 
Everyone was shocked. 
Wyatt, who was at the other end of the table, frowned and complained. “Bella, why are you screaming? Did you get possessed?” 
“She’s not possessed. I just told her a ghost story. Haha! I didn’t expect her to be so scared…” Drew smiled and pulled her to sit down. 
“Don’t joke like that! This is scarier than a ghost story!” Bella gritted her teeth and seethed. 
“If you don’t believe me, go outside and take a look. I’m sure he’s still standing there. But don’t worry. That bitch probably doesn’t know your true identity yet. He probably followed Asher’s car all the way
here.” 
As soon as Drew said this, Bella’s phone vibrated on the table. 
She took a deep breath and slowly turned the phone over, as if she were scared to see what was on the 
screen. 
The familiar phone number pierced her eyes. Bella’s breath hitched, and she hung up. 
The next second, Justin called her again. 
Bella knew that this jerk would not give up until she answered his call, so she went to a corner to speak. 
“Hello?” Bella lowered her voice. 
“Is your wound healed?” Justin’s voice was husky and pleasant, tickling her ears like the cool breeze in Hatchbay. 
Bella’s heart trembled, and she pursed her lips. “Yeah.” 
“I’m at the entrance of the Thompson family’s residence. Come out.” 
Justin’s voice was as cold and commanding as ever. 
Bella was irritated. Justin was only gentle to Rosalind and rude to her. She did not owe him anything. Now that they were divorced, she had nothing to do with him, so he had no right to boss her around. 
She thought, ‘I’ve spoiled this bastard!’
“Mr. Thompson brought me home for a family dinner. Everyone is here, so I can’t excuse myself.” Bella responded with an even colder attitude. 
At this moment, Justin, who was standing in the cold wind, felt his body sway slightly. His ears were muffled and ringing as if a bomb had exploded nearby. 
He thought, ‘A family dinner with the Thompsons?’ 
At this moment, Justin could clearly hear loud laughter coming from the other end of the phone. 
“Why are you standing there? Dessert is served. Come and try some.” 
Justin heard another woman gently urging Anna to join them. 
“Alright. I’ll be there soon.” 
When Justin heard Anna’s polite response, he narrowed his eyes. Complicated emotions surged in his heart. 
The family warmth and inclusion that Anna felt at this moment was something Justin had never experienced in his life. 
Justin had never gotten it himself, so he did not want her to have it either. 
“Mr. Salvador, I can’t talk right now, and I can’t possibly meet you tonight. We can talk after I return to Savrow. Goodbye.” 
“Anna!” Justin’s voice was hoarse and anxious. 
Bella’s breathing became heavier. His commanding tone made Bella clench her fist because she could imagine his cold palms grabbing her wrist.
“Come out and see me, or I’ll go in and ask for you. It’s your choice!” 
Justin took a deep breath. His limbs were cold, but his head was flushed with anger. 
At this moment, Justin could not think about anything else but taking her home.
###chapter139
Bella said angrily, “Justin, what on earth do you want before you’re willing to let me go?” 
She was so frightened that she broke into a cold sweat. She gritted her teeth and said, “Do you know how much of a scumbag you are to stalk me like this? I didn’t say that I wouldn’t take responsibility for your beating. I have asked my secretary to talk to you. So why are you making a fuss now?!” 
“Don’t you want a private settlement? I’ll give you this chance.” 
Justin tried hard to calm his breathing. His voice trembled at the end. “If you come out to see me, I will no longer pursue your brother’s responsibility for assaulting me.” 
“You!” Bella gasped in anger. 
She thought, ‘Was this pestering and stubborn person over the phone really Justin Salvador?! I want to dig out his brains!’ 
“Okay, I’ll come out and see you, but you’d better keep your word and agree to a private settlement.” 
After saying that, she angrily hung up the phone. 
As soon as Bella left, Finley called Mila aside and said, “Madam Mila, there is a Maybach with the license plate number “A7777″ outside. It has been parked outside our compound for a long time. Two men in suits have also been standing next to that car this whole time, staring at our house. Do you think they could be dangerous? Should I activate the security alarm?” 
Mila frowned and said, “Don’t do anything for the time being, and don’t notify the chairman about this. I’ll handle it.”
“Yes, ma’am.” Finley nodded and left. 
Mila hurriedly pulled Celeste and Sasha into the corridor for an emergency meeting. 
“Celeste, Sasha, we have a big job to do tonight.” 
“A big job?” Celeste blinked her clear eyes and looked confused. 
“Mila, tell us what’s going on. Stop beating around the bush!” Sasha asked impatiently. 
“That jerkface Justin is here. He’s right outside our gate. He’s probably finding trouble with Bella.” 
Mila lowered her voice. Her eyes were cold. 
“What?! That heartless ogre still dares to come here?! I’ll fucking kill him!” 
Sasha angrily rolled up her sleeves and turned to leave. Celeste used all her strength to hold Sasha 
back. “Sasha, please don’t be impulsive! If you make a commotion, Wyatt will be alarmed. Then it 
won’t be a secret anymore.” 
“But that dirty dog has already come to our door barking. What are we waiting for?! I have to break his legs!” 
Sasha’s eyes turned red with anger. “Bella suffered so much because of him back then. Now, he abandoned Bella and forced her to get a divorce. How could he trample over our princess like this? You guys can endure it, but I can’t!” 
“We can’t either! But think about it, Sasha. Bella repeatedly asked us not to get involved in this matter. You’ll only vent your anger temporarily if you beat him up, but it’ll only cause trouble for Bella. Then
Bella will be upset. Bella doesn’t want to be entangled with him anymore. She wants to have a clean break from him and cut off all ties with the Salvador family.” Mila grabbed Sasha and spoke anxiously. 
“Mila, I don’t think that Justin wants to give up on Bella…” 
Celeste pursed her lips and said worriedly, “I’ve inquired about Mr. Salvador and learned that he’s quite cold and ruthless. He’s also an ascetic who has never dated anyone aside from Rosalind Gold. If such a person is willing to drive all the way from Savrow to Hatchbay just to meet Bella, I feel like there’s something more to it. Do you think he regrets divorcing Bella?” 
“You still call him Mr. Salvador?! He’s an ogre!” 
Sasha clenched her fists. “Do you think a heartless man like him will have regrets? Even if he regrets it, it’s too late! Belated love is worth nothing!” 
“I just saw Bella sneaking out. She’s probably going to see Justin.” 
Mila was the most thoughtful and careful of the three ladies. She finally thought of something and smirked. 
“Celeste, you stay here to keep an eye on Wyatt and help cover for Bella. Sasha, didn’t you want to vent your anger on that jerk? I’ll let you draw blood tonight!” 
It was the beginning of fall, so the temperature dropped in the past two days. The wind in Hatchbay was quite strong at night. 
Ian shrugged his shoulders in the cold. His boss was standing upright in the cold wind like a sculpture, looking so aloof and determined to see the young madam. Thus, Ian had no choice but to stand there with him.
He suddenly thought of an old song that was especially suitable to describe his boss at this moment.
###chapter140
The song lyrics that matched this scene went like this: “Love is a cold wind. As it blows away from you, as you watch it go, it hurts to know.” 
Justin stood there for a long time. He had no problems standing in the cold wind for hours because he used to stand for a whole day when he was in the army. So, just a few hours was nothing to him. 
However, his heart was uneasy. 
He was afraid that Anna would suddenly change her mind and refuse to come out to see him. If so, what should he do? Should he barge in? But this was the Thompson family’s residence. 
Moreover, what excuse did he have to knock on the Thompson family’s door? 
Justin could not find a valid reason. 
His long eyelashes trembled slightly, and his heart was stuffy. He took out the last cigarette from the cigarette box. 
Just as he was lighting up the cigarette, he heard the clicking of high heels against the pavement approaching him. 
“Justin.” 
Justin’s heart suddenly raced. He raised his eyes and saw his expressionless ex-wife standing in front of him. The cigarette in his mouth shook, and the ashes fell. 
Bella lowered her eyes and quickly glanced at Justin’s feet.
She noticed the cigarette butts all over the floor and could not help but frown. “Didn’t you quit smoking? What are you doing?” 
“I was waiting for too long.” 
Justin dropped the cigarette on the ground and stamped it out, looking at her straight in the eye. 
“Hah! Are you trying to blame me again? Go ahead, then. Anyway, you like blaming people without reason.” Bella mocked him. 
“Anna.” Justin clenched his fists. His voice was hoarse from smoking too much. 
“I’m here to see you. Since you’ve achieved your goal, I hope you keep your word, Mr. Salvador. Stop finding fault with my brother. I have to go back inside. Also, please pick up the cigarette butts when you leave. Don’t taint the civilized city of Hatchbay with your presence. Goodbye.” 
Bella’s beautiful face was glum. She turned to leave after she finished speaking. 
Ian shuddered. He was frightened by such a ruthless and intimidating young madam. 
In his impression, the young madam was a gentle and beautiful woman. Whenever she saw Mr. Salvador, she smiled brightly. Her enthusiasm made her seem like a warm beam of sunlight. 
However, at this moment, Mr. Salvador did not deserve her warmth. 
Ian thought, ‘What on earth did Mr. Salvador do to turn such a nice woman into such a resentful person?’ 
“Anna, stop right there!”
Justin took a deep breath and called out to her urgently. “I didn’t allow you to leave yet. How could you walk away from me?” 
“You’re ridiculous! I’m not your slave, so why should I listen to you?” 
Bella narrowed her eyes and said coldly, “You were elated to divorce me, eagerly forcing me out to make room for your childhood sweetheart. I’m so tactful to give you space, yet you still want to pick on me. What else do you want from me to be satisfied?” 
Justin thought that the word “divorce” was quite piercing to hear. 
He felt suffocated, and his heart trembled. 
In an instant, the shameful guilt spread to his limbs, and the stinging sensation irritated him. His eyes turned red. “I made it very clear before you married me that we were in a contract marriage and that I couldn’t give you a future. I also gave you compensation for the divorce, but you didn’t want it and chose to leave without a penny! Anna, I have never humiliated you or treated you poorly. Don’t make me look like the bad guy, and don’t make it seem like you’ve sacrificed so much for me. Even if we can’t part ways amicably, you shouldn’t trample on and crush my self-esteem repeatedly! We don’t owe each other anything, so you have no right to do this to me!”
###chapter141
The air became still for a moment. 
Ian was so anxious when he saw that Justin and Bella were about to get into a fight again. He really wanted to rush forward and tape his boss’s mouth shut. 
Bella laughed out loud. Her beautiful eyes teared up and reflected the lights like scattered stars.” Justin, I admit that I have overestimated my capabilities and tried too hard. I pestered you and tried to be nice to you time and time again, thinking that I could make you fall in love with me. But in the end, I got nothing except self-pity. But there is one thing you’re wrong about. 
“Even if you forced me to leave you, I have never resented you. I wanted to part ways amicably, but you kept pestering me, shredding the last bit of dignity between us. So I have no choice but to expel you, an intruder disrupting my new life, with any means necessary. Justin, you had no choice but to marry me back then. Now, I have no choice but to do this to you. The only way for us to be happy is to treat each other as strangers from now on.” 
Justin felt like she had hammered his chest. His heartbeat stalled, as if the pause button had been pressed. 
“Mr. Harris, it’s cold at night. Please send Mr. Salvador back.” 
Bella suppressed the pain that arose from her heart and quickly turned around to leave. 
Someone who did not even notice her love and sacrifice was not worth crying over. 
Suddenly, Bella felt severe pain in her wrist. She turned around and was shocked to meet Justin’s bloodshot eyes.
“Justin, let go!” She pulled her arm away. 
Justin’s thin lips parted slightly. Just as he was about to say something, a cold voice interrupted him. 
“Mr. Salvador, you’re a person of status. Don’t you think it’s disrespectful to grab onto my future daughter-in-law in front of my house at this hour?!” 
When Bella saw Mila and Sasha walking over, she quickly shook off Justin’s hand and stepped back from him. 
“Future daughter-in-law?” Justin was stunned for a while. His mind went blank. 
“I don’t think I need to explain what it means for Asher to bring Anna back for a family dinner tonight, right? He’s formally introducing Anna to us.” 
As she spoke, Mila put her arms around Bella’s shoulders and looked at her affectionately. “Anna is beautiful, righteous, and very much in love with Asher. Everyone in our family, including the chairman, is very satisfied with Anna and wants her to join our family as soon as possible. All that’s left is for us to meet her parents and set a wedding date.” 
Bella was stunned to hear this. 
She knew that Mila and Sasha were here to support her, but this was too much drama. 
Justin felt as if his heart had been hollowed out and filled with cold wind. 
“Mr. Salvador, if I remember correctly, you announced your new marriage through the media not long ago.’ 
Sasha’s eyes were murderous as she glared at Justin. She curled her lips and said, “Why aren’t you with your fiancée at this time, and why would you come here to bother Anna? We don’t care if you want
to throw your reputation down the drain, but don’t drag Anna down with you. She’s part of our family now, so if you don’t check your behavior, don’t blame us for being ruthless!” 
Bella knew that Sasha was not someone who would rather use words than her fists. At this moment, seeing Sasha stand there and talk to Justin, Bella knew that Mila and Celeste must have warned Sasha not to act rashly. 
Ian held his forehead and thought, ‘OMG, Mr. Salvador! Why did you come all the way here? Are you looking for a scolding?” 
Justin’s hand, which had just touched Bella, slowly clenched into a fist and trembled slightly. 
He was trying hard to hold onto her, but it seemed like he could not hang on any longer. He did not know why he was still so hung up over Anna when he was clearly the one to initiate the divorce. 
“Aunt Mila, Aunt Sasha, it’s cold at night. You’ll catch a cold from wearing so little. Let’s go home.” 
Bella said, “Let’s go home”, so naturally, as if she belonged there. This made Justin feel like there was an invisible wall between them that completely isolated him outside. 
“Anna, is that true?” Justin’s voice was hoarse and bitter. 
Bella took a deep breath and simply played along. “Yes.” 
“Great… Great…” 
Justin’s handsome face was pale, and he kept repeating that word. He took out a black velvet jewelry box and handed it to her. 
“Consider this my wedding gift to you.”
###chapter142
Bella’s beautiful eyes widened in shock, but she did not take it over. 
She did not expect Justin to carry around the jewelry box with him. 
“Anna feels embarrassed to accept your gift, so we’ll take it on her behalf.” 
Before Bella could react, Sasha snatched the box from Justin. 
Sasha opened it and saw a gleaming purple-jade bracelet inside. 
The jade was gorgeous and high-grade. 
Bella could see that it was an expensive jade that could not be bought just anywhere in the world. If she had received this gift from Justin before their divorce, she would have jumped in joy. 
However, at this moment, all her joy was buried under a thick layer of ice. 
Belated love was worthless, just like belated gifts. 
“Ha! Although I’m not an appraiser, I can tell that this jade bracelet must be expensive due to its translucency. Thanks, Mr. Salvador.” 
Suddenly, Sasha raised her hand and threw the jade bracelet. Her gaze was sharp and ruthless. 
The purple jade bracelet shattered into pieces between Bella and Justin. 
Seeing that his efforts literally shattered in front of him, Justin looked defeated and paled. 
Bella was so shocked that she clenched her fists and did not dare to look at Justin.
“Madam Sasha, what do you mean by this?! This is Mr. Salvador’s gift to Ms. Brown. Even if you don’t accept it, you shouldn’t ruin it like this!” Ian took a step forward. His face was red with anger. 
“Mr. Salvador, why didn’t you give it to Anna before your divorce? Why are you only showing her kindness after your divorce? Are you unwilling because Anna has a new lover? Are you here to humiliate Anna using this method? Are you deliberately trying to make her life difficult?!” 
Sasha stepped on the broken jade bracelet with her sharp stilettos and crushed it further. “Anna has accepted this gift. If you have any self-respect, you’ll go back to Savrow as soon as possible. You’re not welcome in Hatchbay!” 
Every word felt like an arrow piercing Justin’s heart. 
Justin’s Adam’s apple bobbed as he looked at Bella for the last time with a shattered gaze. 
Bella’s heart trembled. She avoided his gaze and stepped forward to pull Sasha back. 
“Let’s go home.” 
“Young Madam… You…” Ian was extremely disappointed when he saw that Bella did not intend to stand up for Justin. 
Even Ian felt heartbroken, not to mention Justin. 
“Alright, let’s go home. Don’t let insignificant people ruin our mood.” Sasha took Bella’s arm fondly and left. 
Mila glanced at Justin’s pale face, shook her head, and scoffed. “You brought this upon yourself.” 
When Bella returned home, she no longer had to pretend to be cold and unfeeling. Her whole body felt hollow.
She thought of the broken bracelet and Justin’s equally broken eyes. Suddenly, her heart felt bitter. 
Bella knew that Mila and Sasha were trying to vent their anger, but they went a little overboard. 
This made it seem like she was the bad guy. 
“Bella!” 
At this time, Axel ran to Bella, panting heavily. “Drew is fighting with Dad again! Dad even hit him!”
###chapter143
In the backyard, Drew was walking quickly in the direction of his Lamborghini with a cold look on his 
face. 
“Drew!” 
Bella caught up with him, panting. She grabbed his arm and said, “Where are you going?!” 
“Get as far away as I can from this place. Better yet, it’s best if I don’t come back here for the rest of my life.” 
Drew turned around and sneered. His face was red and swollen, with a clear palm print on his cheek. 
“Drew, you said that you care about me, Asher, and Axel most. Since we’re here, it means that this is your home. How can you not come back?” Bella held Drew’s hand tightly. Her heart was aching. 
Drew stared at his sister with his dark eyes, raised his hand, and caressed her soft cheek. “I will always hold you guys dear in my heart, no matter where I am. The world is my home. Bella, I have done what I promised, so you can’t be angry with me anymore, right?” 
Bella nodded slowly. She suddenly felt like crying. 
“If you really want Wyatt to live longer, it’s best if you don’t ask me to see him again. I have to get back to my official duties, so I’ll get going. I’ll come to see you next time.” 
“Drew!” 
Mila walked over in a hurry with a bag in her hand.
Drew was stunned for a moment. He greeted her softly, “Aunt Mila.” 
Mila’s eyes were slightly red as she mustered up the courage to hand over the bag to him. 
“Here, Drew… These are some medicines newly developed by my family. Some are for external use, but some can be consumed. It may come in handy for you. Celeste also packed a few snacks for you. She’s afraid that you have to travel far and you’ll get hungry, so this is for the road.” 
After saying that, Mila smiled sheepishly. “These aren’t expensive items. I hope you don’t despise 
them.” 
Drew’s long eyelashes trembled. His tone was unprecedentedly gentle as he said, “Thank you, but I already have everything I need. Don’t worry. Farewell.” 
After he spoke, he hugged Bella and turned to leave. 
The Lamborghini sped away in the gloomy night. 
Bella and Mila stood frozen in the backyard and sighed in unison. 
“Let him be, Aunt Mila.” 
Bella patted her shoulder to comfort her. “Drew has made great progress. After all, he used to be a savage. Haha… Just give him more time to adapt to methods of human communication.” 
“I know. He’s actually pitying me.” 
Mila’s beautiful eyes flickered with a hint of grief. “Bella, Drew doesn’t have to be so considerate of my feelings. I’ve already come out of it, so I’ll be okay.” 
Bella was at a loss for words.
Two years ago, a plane crash became the Thompson family’s nightmare. 
Mila’s eldest son, Hugh Thompson, who was also Bella’s fifth brother, was the chief captain for Savbay Airlines. To save the lives of 150 passengers on flight SVB676, calmly made the final judgment to land on the sea when the plane had a major malfunction. 
As a result, Hugh was buried in the deep sea. The day he passed away happened to be his 27th birthday. 
Everyone had different opinions on this, but it was undeniable that Mila gave birth to an outstanding and respectable son. 
Justin’s Maybach returned to Savrow. 
Ian drove the car fearfully, all the while spying on Justin’s expression through the rearview mirror. 
Justin’s face was stern and as cold as ice. His thin lips were white, as if all the blood in his body had been drained. 
“Mr. Salvador, are you okay? You don’t look well…” 
“Just drive.” Justin’s eyes were red as he took a deep breath. 
He came to Hatchbay on a whim, thinking that he was so righteous and that he could make Anna bow to him. 
As a result, what awaited him was cruel humiliation. 
What shattered earlier was not merely the jade bracelet, but also the dignity that Justin had carefully maintained for more than 20 years.
“Mr. Salvador, with all due respect…” 
Ian was indignant and could not help but mutter, “If you want the young madam to return to you, you can tell the Thompson family that your divorce hasn’t been finalized and that she’s still your legal wife. I really can’t stand how arrogant those two mistresses are. Who the hell do they think they are? They’re not Asher’s biological mother, so what right do they have to act like that in front of you?” 
“Do you only think that the only way I can force Anna to come back to me is by playing dirty tricks?” Justin asked in a cold voice. 
“No… Mr. Salvador, that’s not what I meant!”
###chapter144
Ian wiped his sweat apprehensively. “I just think that since you can’t let go of the young madam, why don’t you just tell her how you feel?” 
“Tell her how I feel? Hah…” 
Justin sneered and gritted his teeth. “I’ve made up my mind. I will never remarry Anna!” 
“Then why did you go there tonight?” 
“Just drive!” 
Justin roared in a hoarse voice, scaring Ian, who dared not talk anymore. 
Justin slumped back weakly in the backseat and suddenly felt a sharp pain in his palm. 
Only then did he remember that he had been holding the fragment of the purple jade bracelet in his hand the whole time. 
At that moment, the broken jade fragment cut his palm, which started oozing dark red blood. 
Justin did not know what was wrong with him. He wanted to take Anna away tonight and separate her from Asher, no matter what. He just wanted them to be separated. 
After bidding farewell to Drew, Bella went back to finish her meal with Asher and Axel and comforted her father. Then she came out of the study, exhausted. 
She stood in the corridor and pondered for a while before she took out her phone to message Mila, Celeste, and Sasha, respectively.
[Aunt Mila/Aunt Celeste/Aunt Sasha, please come to the pavilion in the back garden. I have 
something to say.] 
Fifteen minutes later, the three women arrived at the pavilion on time. 
The three women, who usually chatted endlessly when they were together, were quiet in front of Bella 
at the moment. 
“Don’t you have anything you want to say to me?” 
Bella was sitting in the pavilion with her arms folded across her chest. She had a serious expression, like a principal preparing to reprimand naughty students. 
Mila and Celeste remained silent. 
Sasha quickly said, “Bella, didn’t you have something to say? Why are you asking us?” 
Bella held her forehead in resignation and thought, ‘Aunt Sasha is really dull at times.’ 
“You and Aunt Mila taught Justin a lesson just now. Don’t you have anything to say to me?” 
“Pft! There’s nothing more to say. 
Sasha sat down across from Bella, crossing her legs ungracefully. 
“This is because Mila and Celeste stopped me. Otherwise, I would’ve stabbed that son of a bitch a million times and hung him upside down to feed my Bobo.” 
“Who’s Bobo?” Bella asked. 
Mila replied, “Sasha’s pet alligator. Wyatt gave it to her as a birthday gift last year.”
Bella was speechless. 
Celeste saw that Bella was still mad at them, so she hurriedly walked over and timidly tugged at the corner of Sasha’s shirt. “Sasha, don’t talk so much…” 
“Everything I say is from the bottom of my heart. We should be honest with family!” 
Sasha’s eyes were red with anger. “Bella, Justin Salvador is heartless! Even my Bobo is more humane than him! You have devoted yourself wholeheartedly to the Salvador family for the past three years. A pampered princess like you turned into his personal nanny and miserable wife. But in the end, he still forced you to get a divorce for his own selfish desires. Then he turned around and married someone else! He’s worse than an animal! Even if he didn’t love you, he shouldn’t hurt you like this! Why can’t he just get struck by lightning and die?!” 
“He made it clear to me at the beginning that he didn’t love me. It’s a destined outcome that he’s getting married to the love of his life. I know I failed, but I can just walk away as if nothing happened. Why do you want to keep getting me involved with him over this matter? It’ll just be more troublesome.” 
Bella rubbed her sore temples. Her eyes were desolate as she said, “The pain will only be more vivid if I continue this entanglement. It’s torture for me, so I would rather let it be and let this pain slowly fade with time.” 
“Let it be?!” 
Sasha roared angrily. She stood up and grabbed Bella’s shoulders. “How should we just let it be?! How can you ask me to let him go?! You’ve conceived a child for him once, but that bastard is heartless!” 
The blood on Bella’s face instantly drained. Sasha’s words were like blunt knives cutting open her stomach. The pain spread to her limbs and drilled into her bones.
“Sasha, are you crazy?! We agreed not to mention this!” Mila broke into a cold sweat and rushed over to pull Sasha back. 
“Sasha, stop talking about this, okay? Stop mentioning Bella’s sad memories…” Celeste hurriedly persuaded her. 
“He doesn’t know about it.” 
Bella slowly looked up and held back her tears. “I never told Justin that I was pregnant with his child.”
###chapter145
This was the most painful experience that Bella had suppressed deep down in her heart. 
After losing her unborn child two years ago, Bella dared not pass by any maternal or children store. She also did not want to hear anyone talking about children. Even when she saw pictures of babies on TV, she would hold her head in pain and cry alone. 
Bella would always remember that snowy Christmas Eve two years ago. She drove with Nigel to the beach to see the snow. Unexpectedly, they got into a car accident on the way there. She wanted to save Nigel, so she ignored her own pain, carried him on her back, and got into a taxi to rush to the hospital. That bought Nigel some time for rescue. 
At that time, the Salvador family went to Inalia for vacation, while Justin went to Meridan to spend Christmas with Rosalind. 
Bella endured severe pain in her abdomen and struggled to hold on until Nigel’s secretary, Matt Upton, arrived. In the end, she could not hold on any longer and collapsed. 
-“Young Madam! You’re bleeding!” 
In a daze, Bella saw the blood continuously flowing out of her lower body. The warm and sticky blood became an indelible shadow in her memory. 
It was at that moment that Bella found out she was two months pregnant. 
However, before she could experience the joy of being a mother, she had already lost this child forever. 
It was her child with Justin.
-“Young Madam! I’ll contact Young Master Justin immediately!” 
Matt trembled in panic and quickly took out his phone, but Bella grabbed his hand. 
–“Don’t… Please…” 
Bella was heartbroken and scared. She cried and begged Matt. “Justin doesn’t know about this… He’ll 
be sad and angry if he finds out… Please keep this a secret for me, okay?” 
Bella closed her eyes, covered her belly, and sobbed with overwhelming grief. 
Seeing Bella being dragged back into the abyss of pain, Sasha panicked and hugged her tightly. Celeste and Mila were also heartbroken. The four women hugged each other as if their lives depended on it. 
“It’s all my fault! I’m sorry, Bella… I won’t mention this again… Please don’t be sad…” Sasha was sharp-tongued when she was scolding people, but she was not good at comforting people. 
“Actually, I should be glad…” 
Bella showed a pale and wry smile as she returned to her senses. “Instead of letting that child witness their parents’ torn relationship and losing their father’s love from an early age, it’s better this way. At least they don’t have to come to this world and suffer.” 
Bella stayed up all night. 
When she closed her eyes, she saw the traumatizing blood and deformed embryo. She huddled up in the quilt in pain, but she still felt like she was enveloped in the biting cold. 
During the days when she lost her baby, Bella cried for days on end.
On the battlefield, Bella did not even blink when bullets were raining down on her. But she was in so much pain when she lost her baby that it felt like her whole soul was falling apart. 
Bella thought, ‘Baby… Mommy is so sorry. Mommy lost you forever, and I don’t know if I will have the chance to welcome you again in this life.’ 
In the early morning, Bella, who had not slept all night, got out of bed and walked downstairs. She looked like a regal and radiant young lady again. 
“Bella, I prepared your favorite breakfast. Why don’t you eat first before leaving?” 
Celeste, who was wearing an apron, came up to her. After careful inspection, Celeste could still see Bella’s bloodshot eyes, which saddened her. 
“Aunt Celeste, please pack it up for me. I’ll eat it on the road.” 
Bella smiled to cover up her sadness, looking stunning. “I have a scheduled meeting in the hotel this morning, so I have to be there on time.” 
“Okay. I’ll wrap it up for you. I’ll give you an extra portion for Steve too.” Celeste smiled gently, like a loving mother. 
“Thank you, Madam Celeste.” Steven heard this as soon as he walked in and bowed in thanks. 
Bella walked out of the villa, accompanied by Steven. Wyatt was still asleep, and Bella did not want to wake him, so she planned to return to Savrow without saying goodbye. 
“Bella, you’re running such a big hotel on your own in Savrow, so you must tell us if you run into trouble. If the Salvador family tries to bully you, don’t put up with it. You must tell us.”
Mila thought of the last time Bella was bombarded by Shannon and the other bitches at the charity auction. She gritted her teeth with resentment. “Next time, I’ll prick them with a poison that causes mouth sores! That way, they won’t be able to slander you again.” 
“Mila, you should just make them paralyzed! That way, those Salvadors won’t be able to jump around 
and create trouble.” 
Sasha popped her knuckles. “How dare they bully our Bella?! They must be impatient to die!” 
Bella did not know whether to laugh or cry. 
Mila was from the Larson family, a well-known medical mogul. The Larson family owned several major hospitals in Savrow and Hatchbay. Mila was also proficient in pharmaceutical and medical skills. So, it would be easy for her to poison someone.
###chapter146
“Ahem… By the way, I actually have something I’d like your help with.” 
Mila and Sasha said, “Tell us!” 
“Actually…” 
Bella coughed slightly. “I want the antique rosewood chair that Wyatt sent Aunt Mila to take at the charity auction.” 
Mila and Sasha’s eyes widened. “Wow, that’s a bold ask!” 
Wyatt was generous. He would give them a house, money, or a luxury car without batting an eye. 
But if they asked him for antique items, calligraphy, or paintings, he would be reluctant to give even a small Victorian signet ring, let alone an antique rosewood chair worth $100 million! 
“Wyatt will only give it to me willingly if he’s not of sound mind. What do you want it for? I’ll try to find a reason to convince him.” Mila said, feeling troubled. 
“Well, if I tell you the reason, it’ll be even more impossible for him to give it to me.” 
“Don’t worry, Bella. I’ll take care of it!” 
Sasha confidently patted her chest. “If Wyatt doesn’t give it to us, I’ll just steal it for you!” 
Bella burst into laughter. 
Indeed, family “thieves” were the hardest to guard against.
After Justin returned to Savrow, he had a rough night’s sleep at home. He went to the office looking exhausted. 
During this time, Rosalind called him twice. Although he answered the phone, he was absent-minded. 
Rosalind was talking about some wedding planning details, like her custom-made wedding dress, limited-edition jewelry, and a whimsical fairytale wedding venue. After Nigel’s 80th birthday next weekend, their wedding could be brought forward. 
“Justin, do you think those are good ideas? I asked the wedding planners to think about these for more than a month before I finalized some details.” 
Rosalind wanted to fish for compliments as she tried her best to show how capable she was. 
“Yeah, whatever you like.” 
Justin responded nonchalantly and looked down at the broken purple jade bracelet in the jewelry box in front of him. All he could think of was Anna standing with the Thompson family and their utter rejection and indifference toward him. 
Snap-! 
Justin let out an irritated breath and slammed the box close. 
“Justin, I have chosen your wedding suit too. Can you take some time off to meet with the designer today? I can do the other things myself, but you must be there for the tailoring…” 
Rosalind continued aggrievedly, “The internationally renowned designer is here in Savrow. If we 
miss this chance, we’ll have to wait for a long time.”
Justin was stunned. He said with a hint of guilt in his tone, “Sorry for being negligent. I’ve been too busy recently to get involved with the wedding plans.” 
The woman smiled sweetly. “It doesn’t matter. I’m willing to do this for you.” 
“I’ll pick you up this afternoon.” 
“Okay. I’ll wait for you, Justin.” 
As soon as Justin ended the call, Ian hurriedly came over with a document and placed it in front of him. 
“Mr. Salvador, the public relations department of the Salvador Hotel has contacted the agent of international superstar Ada Wang. This is their proposal for Ada Wang’s luxury wedding. Please take a look.” 
“Alright.” Justin flipped through it with a solemn expression. 
Due to the damaging news about Bethany, the reputation of Salvador Hotel also suffered. On the contrary, KS World Hotel’s popularity skyrocketed. They became an internet-famous hotel overnight and were on the trending topics. 
Although Justin said he would not help Bethany restore her image, as the president of Salvador Corporation, he could not ignore the impact it had on the business. 
Therefore, Justin wanted to get the opportunity to cooperate with Ada Wang. If Ada held her wedding at the Salvador Hotel, it would be a grand event that would attract everyone’s attention. If their hotel did well, it would surely receive a new wave of attention and guests. 
“I need to take a closer look at the proposal and have a meeting with the hotel’s senior management. After all, winning this project is very important to us.” Justin closed the file with a stern look on his face.
“Ahem… Mr. Salvador, I have something to report so that you can be mentally prepared.” Ian’s eyes flickered. 
“Don’t hesitate. Just say what you have to say.” 
“This time, we will be fighting against KS World Hotel’s general manager, Bella Thompson, for the opportunity to host Ada Wang’s wedding.” 
When Justin heard this name, his handsome face turned glum, and his brows twitched. 
Why was it that bad-tempered woman again?
###chapter147
“Is that true?” Justin asked with a stern face. 
“Um… Mr. Salvador, I contacted Ada Wang’s agent yesterday. She said that Ms. Thompson from KS World contacted her before us. She also made it clear that this opportunity was up for grabs…” 
The more lan spoke, the softer his voice became. That was because Justin’s face kept getting darker. 
“What else did she say?” 
“The agent said that although our hotel has had a good reputation in the past, KS World Hotel has also been very popular recently. So she asked us to compete against KS World Hotel. Ada Wang will consider working with whoever has a better proposal and conditions.” 
Justin slammed the table. Blood surged up to his head. 
He was already annoyed with Anna lately. Now, Bella appeared out of nowhere to compete with him for this project. These two women were his curse. 
“Organize a meeting with the hotel’s top management tomorrow morning. We must come up with the best proposal as soon as possible and get Ada Wang to work with us!” 
There was an undercurrent in the man’s eyes as he said, “If this project falls into Bella Thompson’s hands, everyone who handles this project will get dismissed!” 
Ian was speechless. He nodded hurriedly, like a chicken pecking at food. 
It looked like Justin was going to take revenge on Bella for making him climb up ten floors to her office that day.
In the afternoon, Justin’s Maybach stopped at the gates of a six-story European-style mansion in the North District of Savrow. 
“Didn’t you say that you wanted to see the designer?” Justin looked at the vintage door decorated with roses, looking confused. 
“The designer is inside. This house is the studio of the internationally renowned designer, Roza Walker.” 
Rosalind’s eyes lit up with excitement. “Although many department stores around the world have off - the-rack items of her brand, Rozabela, they’re not good enough for our wedding. We need the luxury bespoke dress and suit designed by Roza Walker.” 
Rosalind had permed her hair and dyed her black hair into a toffee blonde color. She also wore a sexy and lavish red backless dress. Her lips were tainted a bright red. 
Seeing her gleaming red lips, Justin instinctively thought of Anna’s face. 
It was as if Anna had patented bright red lips. Red lips on other women just looked so incongruous, as if they were a poor imitation. 
“No matter how high-end it is, it’s just a piece of clothing.” 
Justin’s eyes were dull, lacking interest. “I don’t need her to design my suit. You can ask her to do your dress.” 
“No! I want a matching outfit with you. From now on, you can only wear the clothes I pick for You can’t accept gifts from other women!” Rosalind leaned on Justin’s shoulder and acted coquettishly. 
Justin’s eyes darkened, and his heart suddenly tightened.
you. 
He thought of the suit that Anna had made for him. He tried his best to repair it and preserve it even though it was already ruined, but how did Anna treat his gift? 
She allowed others to throw his gift like garbage and watched with cold eyes as they ruined his gift and good intentions. 
Justin pursed his thin lips in frustration and said in a hoarse voice, “Alright. I won’t.” 
The two of them got out of the car and were stopped by security as soon as they walked to the gate 
“Sorry, Ms. Walker is hosting a private reception today. You can’t enter without an invitation.” 
“Hmph! Of course, we have it.” Rosalind took out two invitations with roses printed on them, looking 
arrogant. 
“This way, please.” 
In the hall, the well-dressed guests held wine glasses and chatted happily. 
Justin did not expect Rosalind to take him to such an event without prior notice. No wonder she was 
dressed up so nicely today. 
This made Justin extremely uncomfortable. Aside from necessary social engagements, Justin never liked to attend any receptions or dinners in private. Rosalind’s doing so made him feel used. 
Sure enough, Justin’s appearance immediately became the focus of everyone’s attention. 
“Isn’t that Justin Salvador?!”
“Yeah! He’s a thousand times more handsome in person than on TV! I guess he’s not as photogenic as I thought he was!” 
“Who is his female companion? She’s so lucky to be with him!” 
“Female companion? You haven’t been back for a while, so you’re probably unaware that she’s 
Rosalind Gold, Mr. Salvador’s fiancée. He divorced his ex-wife just to marry her. Don’t you think she’s capable?” 
“OMG! Are you kidding me?!” 
Rosalind felt proud to be the subject of gossip. 
She wanted every woman in the world to be jealous of her for having such an excellent fiancé.
###chapter148
Rosalind had begged Shannon for several days to get these two invitations. She felt unwilling to humble herself at first, but at this moment, she felt proud to be here with Justin. 
“Why didn’t you tell me in advance? You know I don’t like coming to such events.” Justin clenched his jaw, and his face was cold. 
“Justin, my social status isn’t high enough to ask Ms. Walker to design my wedding dress. That’s why I asked you to come over. Roza will definitely agree if you ask her…” 
Seeing his gloomy expression, Rosalind timidly added, “I’m sorry… Did I cause you trouble?” 
“In the future, you can tell me beforehand, and I will send someone to get it done. We don’t have to come in person.” Justin’s tone was slightly gentler. 
“Alright…” 
At this time, Justin heard a set of familiar footsteps from behind. 
Those footsteps were crisp, confident, and steady. 
Justin’s body trembled as he turned around. 
In the bright afternoon sun, Bella strode into the mansion wearing a slim-fitting capri blue dress and a broad-shouldered suit jacket of the same color. She brought in a waft of rose fragrance as she barged into Justin’s field of vision. 
Today, her black hair was tied into a high bun, revealing her long and slender neck. Although she did not wear her usual flaming red lipstick, her boldness and beauty still took people’s breath away.
Some women did not require heavy makeup to shine, nor did they need a crown to show their power. 
Rosalind’s face turned green with envy. 
Rosalind thought she would be the most eye-catching woman there by wearing red. Unexpectedly, Bella’s blue dress stole her limelight. 
Justin’s Adam’s apple rolled in surprise. He wanted to look away from Bella, but he could not. 
In the blink of an eye, Bella walked past him as if he were invisible. 
Justin narrowed his eyes. His heart was burning with rage. 
“Oh, my! Ms. Brown, it must be difficult for you to get an invitation, right?” Rosalind spoke with a 
smile. 
“Yeah, of course, it’s not easy.” 
Bella looked at Rosalind with a fake smile. “Every one of the guests here today has a close relationship 
with Roza or her brand. The guests here are either designers, big names in the fashion industry, or VVIP customers. Ms. Gold, which category do you fall into?” 
“…” Rosalind’s face turned red, as if she had been slapped, 
The guests around them glanced disdainfully at Rosalind and Justin. 
“You and Mr. Salvador don’t fall into any of those categories, so it’s strange that the two of you can show up here.” Bella smiled beautifully. 
“You!”
Rosalind was furious and stepped forward. “Everyone here knows who Justin is! Ms. Walker won’t turn away the president of Salvador Corporation if he wants to attend, right?” 
“Hmm… I guess that makes sense.” Bella nodded. 
La 
“Hmph! Why are you spouting so much nonsense? Which category do you fall under? Are you a VVIP or are you a fashionista?!” 
“Neither.” 
“Then what’s the point of you showing up here all dressed up? You’re just a nurse from the countryside who got lucky to climb the social ladder. What right do you have to be here?!” 
Rosalind could only use Anna’s humble origins to criticize her. 
After all, Rosalind was afraid that Anna would suddenly show the crowd her marriage license with Justin again. If that were the case, Rosalind would feel ashamed, as it would confirm her identity as a homewrecker. 
“Rose, stop talking!” Justin frowned. His tone was cold. 
Everyone’s eyes were focused on Bella, who remained calm. 
They thought, ‘How is this fashionable lady just a nurse from the countryside? She certainly looks chic! If she’s a nobody, how did she get an invitation to this private event?” 
“Justin, I was going to be polite to her, but Ms. Brown is obviously hostile to us. Besides, I was just stating the facts.” Rosalind pouted and looked coquettish. She felt smug for winning this round.
“Ms. Walker is here!” 
Someone shouted, breaking the awkward tension. 
A tall and slim woman wearing Rozabela’s early fall rose-colored couture suit appeared on the spiral staircase. She had a hime cut and looked aloof as she slowly walked downstairs. 
Her aloof expression suddenly changed the moment she saw Bella. 
Roza hurried over to Bella, grinning and saying sweetly, “Master! Why didn’t you tell me that you were coming?!”
###chapter149
Master?! 
Everyone was shocked to hear this. Rosalind was so stunned that her mouth gaped open, and she forgot to maintain her composure. 
Rosalind thought, ‘How can it be?! Did I mishear it?! Anna is only 27, years old, right? Roza is 4 years older than me and has been in the fashion industry for 10 years. She has appeared in Paris Fashion Week many times and won international awards! But Anna is a country bumpkin. How could she be Roza’s master?! This is such a joke!’ 
“Master? You make me sound like some old hag,” 
Bella crossed her arms and snorted coquettishly. “A woman’s age should stop at 18!” 
“I only say this because you’re so important to me, and I want to show my respect!” 
Roza hugged Bella’s waist and said with resentment, “Why didn’t you tell me earlier that you were coming? I wasn’t even prepared for your arrival!” 
“I wasn’t going to come today, but an event was suddenly canceled, so I decided to come over and 
take a look.” 
“Oh, so I was just a backup event on your calendar? I see now that I have no place in your heart!” 
“Hah! How dare you pick on your master, you rebellious monkey?!” 
The two ladies teased each other like best friends, stunning the audience,
Justin felt suffocated as he watched the scene in front of him. 
He thought of the suit that Anna gave him. No wonder she had such good craftsmanship that even the 
old tailor was impressed by it. It turned out that Anna was a designer as well. 
At first, Justin only thought that Anna was a decent seamstress, but it seemed that he had 
underestimated her. 
She was the master of an internationally renowned designer. This was an accolade that not many people in the country could receive. 
Justin felt bitterness in his throat and mixed feelings in his heart. 
Anna had been by his side for three years, but she hid all her talents from him. Why did she not show 
him her true side? 
Justin felt like his three years of marriage to Anna meant nothing. 
“Hello, Ms. Walker, I am Mr. Salvador’s fiancée. My name is Rosalind Gold…” 
Rosalind stepped forward and wanted to shake hands with Roza. 
Unexpectedly, Roza did not want to have any physical contact with Rosalind. She even pulled Bella back a step, as if she wanted to avoid catching the plague. “I don’t remember having a ‘Rosalind Gold’ on my guest list.” 
“I…”
“I don’t know where you got the invitation from, but I didn’t invite you. This is a private reception, so outsiders aren’t allowed in. Please leave immediately.” Roza was not polite. Creative people were always a little arrogant. 
Rosalind’s face turned pale. She hurriedly grabbed Justin’s shirt and asked for help. 
“Ms. Walker, we didn’t know this was a private reception and didn’t mean to offend you. My fiancée appreciates your talent and has been waiting for the opportunity to meet you. I hope you can understand and forgive us for the intrusion.” Justin’s eyes were sincere, and his attitude was humble. 
Bella felt a stab in her heart and clenched her fists. 
Justin was such an arrogant man who had never begged anyone. Usually, others would be begging him for favors. 
For Rosalind’s sake, Justin did not hesitate to apologize to Roza in hopes of staying. 
Bella almost scoffed. 
In this world, the only person who could make Justin bend over backward was Rosalind. However, Bella had once overestimated her own abilities and thought that she would be able to move Justin with her efforts. 
Rosalind hugged Justin’s arm tightly. She looked innocent, but she was secretly laughing on the inside. 
“Mr. Salvador, you have never attended such events. After all, we’re in different industries.” 
Roza took a look at Justin and smiled. “But since you said so, it would be petty for me to kick you out. You may stay then, Mr. Salvador.”
###chapter150
Bella thought, ‘What?!’ 
She kept shooting glances at Roza, but that girl did not notice Bella’s gaze. Roza just kept staring at Justin like he was eye candy. 
Bella thought, ‘This brat! She’ll get a stye for staring at a scumbag like him!’ 
“Thank you.” 
Justin silently breathed a sigh of relief. However, Roza added, “You can stay, but Ms. Gold must leave.” 
Rosalind was completely stunned. She asked angrily, “Why must I leave? I am Mr. Salvador’s fiancée!” 
The surrounding guests were shocked by her loud voice and looked at her in disgust. 
“Tsk, tsk.” Roza shook her head. “I wouldn’t guess that in a million years if you didn’t tell me.” “You!” Rosalind was infuriated. 
“I didn’t kick Mr. Salvador out because he’s handsome and well-dressed, fitting in with my other fashionable guests.” 
Roza looked at Rosalind again and said, “Ms. Gold, I can’t stand your outfit. Your taste is clearly incompatible with mine, so please leave.” 
Bella held her forehead in frustration. 
She remembered that her apprentice was a real pervert who enjoyed staring at handsome men. 
She thought, ‘This brat… I ought to “thank” her for keeping Justin here…’
“Ms. Walker, we don’t mean any harm by intruding on your private reception. But you’re being too harsh.” Justin’s voice deepened. He looked furious. 
“Was I? Mr. Salvador, your fiancée ridiculed my mentor in front of so many people. I’m already showing you enough respect for not asking security to throw her out.” Roza’s expression instantly turned glum. Her smile disappeared. 
There was silence all around as the situation escalated. 
Bella looked at Roza in surprise. It turned out that Roza was aware of her confrontation with Rosalind just now. 
Suddenly, a warmth surged through Bella’s heart. 
“I… I…” Rosalind was speechless. Her forehead broke out in cold sweat, and she leaned against Justin with all her strength. 
Rosalind’s arrogance earlier backfired. 
Justin’s handsome face was stiff. 
“Roza, forget it.” 
Bella was afraid of affecting the other guests. Roza had also shown her dominance over this matter, so Bella played the good cop. That way, she would seem magnanimous. She said in a low voice, “Since they’re already here, just consider them your guests. Don’t make a big fuss over this. I didn’t take what Ms. Gold said just now to heart. Moreover, everything Ms. Gold said was true. I am indeed a nobody, so there’s no need to pursue this further.” 
As soon as Bella said this, everyone felt indignant for her.
“Look at this young lady. She’s so forgiving and graceful!” 
“That’s right. So what if she doesn’t come from a wealthy family? Many designers with grassroots backgrounds made their name in the fashion industry. Ms. Gold is so distasteful for picking on this!” 
“Ms. Gold is so petty. How can she be Mr. Salvador’s fiancée? She’s more like an unseemly mistress.” 
“Mr. Salvador’s taste in women is indeed worrying…’ 
}} 
Rosalind gritted her teeth in anger, and she wanted to find a crack in the ground to crawl in. 
She did not want to stay here anymore, but Justin did not intend to back down. 
Justin clenched his jaw and fists. 
He would stay no matter what, even if he was humiliated. 
That was because he wanted to see what Anna was up to.
###chapter151
Roza greeted some guests and brought Bella to her studio. 
They were as close as sisters. Without any outsiders around, they happily chatted about everything. 
Roza brought out her best tea to serve Bella and some snacks made by the top pastry chefs in the country, which the guests downstairs did not get to eat. 
“Master, please taste this!” 
“Mm… This is an excellent tea, more precious than gold. It’s fragrant and mellow in taste. Not bad at all!” Bella sipped the tea leisurely and held the dainty teacup gracefully. 
Her good form, etiquette, and in-born elegance were self-evident and something that most people could not learn. 
“I’m glad you like this tea!” Roza chuckled. 
Roza was usually an aloof introvert, but in front of Bella, she became a silly little girl. 
Their acquaintance went back six years. 
Although Roza was extremely talented in fashion design and had a lot of inspiration, she rose to prominence prematurely and became the target of public criticism. 
Roza was forced to take part in a reality show that designed clothes for celebrities. However, she was humiliated by a big-name actress on the show and was criticized by the influential judges. 
Later, Sharon, a global sensation and talented fashion designer, publicly spoke out for her online. Sharon criticized the ill-intentioned people on the show and exposed their true colors.
With Sharon taking the lead to defend Roza, some designers who had suffered under those judges’ criticism came forward to expose the bias and underhanded tactics in the design world. This garnered attention for Roza and allowed the public to notice her excellence as an up-and-coming designer. 
“The more outstanding you are, the more you will be subjected to criticism. You will only achieve greatness if you persevere. Ms. Walker, you have a talent that amazes me. Don’t be discouraged and move forward boldly!” 
Sharon was like an oasis in the desert, giving Roza hope to continue in this tough industry. 
Later, the designers who criticized Roza publicly apologized under the public’s pressure. However, no one believed that the designers were sincere in their apology, so they were eventually ruined. The 
actress who scolded Roza had numerous scandals exposed. Within a year, the actress disappeared from the entertainment industry. 
“Master, you’re the genius designer, Sharon. Why don’t you disclose your true identity?” Roza asked curiously as she poured more tea for Bella. 
“You’ve asked this question a hundred times already. You’re like a broken record.” 
Bella rubbed her temples and continued, “I just like the feeling of strategizing behind the scenes. I don’t like standing in the spotlight, and I don’t want to disrupt my peaceful life now.” 
“Sigh… It’s such a pity. If you told the world that you were Sharon, that bitch earlier would probably be so frightened. Her jaw would probably dislocate from gaping so hard. Then she wouldn’t dare be so rude to you.” 
Roza gritted her teeth in anger. “How dare she laugh at you just because she is Justin Salvador’s fiancée? She’s so arrogant!”
“She’s a nobody.” 
Bella sipped on the tea, feeling at ease. “She’s not worthy of knowing who Sharon is.” 
“But why would you quarrel with that bitch? Do you have a grudge against her? Do you want me to help you deal with her?” 
Bella was startled, and she smiled lightly. “No, it’s okay. She’s the future wife of the Salvador Corporation’s president.” 
“So what? I’m your little guard dog who will bite anyone who dares to attack you!” Roza bared her little white teeth as she spoke, looking adorable. 
Bella felt a little guilty at the mention of this. 
Although Roza had a close relationship with Bella, she still did not know her true identity as Bella Thompson, the daughter of the richest man in Hatchbay, let alone that she was Justin’s ex-wife. 
Sometimes, Bella felt like she had a split personality. 
She had so many identities, and the people she knew from these identities had yet to cross paths. She had her own circle of friends and drama as each of her identities. 
It was quite magical. 
“Master, does your promise still count?” Roza held a heart-shaped pastry in her hands and looked at Bella eagerly. 
“Of course. I always keep my word. But did you get a dance partner for me? I won’t accept it if he’s not handsome or if he can’t dance well.” Bella crossed her slender legs, looking like a mighty queen.
“I’ve prepared everything! He has long legs, sexy abs, a prominent adonis belt, and a gorgeous face. He’s absolutely delectable! I guarantee you’ll be satisfied!” 
The episode with Rosalind did not affect the reception. 
Justin stood there with a cold face. His perfectly tailored suit outlined his muscular body, and his expensive leather shoes were proof of his stature, gaining him a lot of attention from every woman in the room. 
Rosalind stared back at them with hostile eyes, looking like a dog guarding its food. 
If she had not wanted Roza to design her wedding dress, she would never have brought Justin to such an occasion. That was because coming to an event like this was equivalent to throwing a slab of meat into a lion’s den. 
However, Justin ignored everyone. His bottomless eyes subconsciously scanned the crowd, looking for a certain someone. 
“Ah! It’s Roza!”
###chapter152
Seeing Roza reappear after a while, Rosalind tugged on Justin’s sleeve nervously. “Justin, let’s go over and talk to her. You’re the president of Salvador Corporation. If you put pressure on her, she will definitely agree to design a wedding dress for me!” 
Justin frowned as Rosalind pulled him over. 
“Ms. Walker, we came here in hopes that you could design a wedding dress for me. I will get married to Mr. Salvador next month, and we will hold a grand wedding that will be broadcast live across the country.” 
Rosalind leaned against Justin sweetly. She looked proud as she said, “If I wear a wedding dress designed by you, it will definitely attract the attention of people across the country. That’ll be great publicity for you. Money is not an issue as long as you agree to design it for me. We’ll try to satisfy all your requests to show our sincerity.” 
“Money is not an issue? Ms. Gold, you’re quite generous with your offer since you’re marrying into a wealthy family.” 
Roza smiled and raised a finger. “I’ll think about it for $100 million.” 
“What?! That’s too expensive!” Rosalind was stunned. 
“Oh, didn’t you say that money is not an issue? Will $100 million scare off the future wife of Salvador Corporation’s president?” 
“Alright. I’m fine with $100 million.” Justin’s face was expressionless. 
“Justin…” Rosalind bit her lower lip. She was so moved that she almost cried.
“You’re fine with it, but I’m not.” Roza’s smile was so cold that it could turn her breath into ice. 
Justin frowned, feeling that he had been tricked. 
“Although my master forgave you, I didn’t. Ms. Gold, I won’t design your wedding dress. Also, don’t even think about asking for Rozabela’s couture dresses from now on. I won’t lend them to you.” 
After saying that, Roza snorted and left with her chin up, not wanting to speak to them any longer. 
Rosalind was so angry that she gritted her teeth. She cursed Roza in her heart, but on the surface, she looked so aggrieved, as if she had been bullied. “Justin… Did Ms. Brown tell her something? Is that why Ms. Walker is so hostile to us? If she’s upset, she can come at me. How can she use someone who doesn’t understand what’s going on to attack us?” 
Justin was frustrated. “When the reception is over, I’ll talk to Anna and ask her to persuade Roza to make a wedding dress for you.” 
“Justin, you’re so nice to me. I knew that you loved me the most!” 
Just when Rosalind wanted to kiss Justin, the crowd suddenly cheered enthusiastically. 
The lights in the hall dimmed all of a sudden, and a bright spotlight lit up the catwalk. 
An upbeat tango music played, and a handsome male dancer in a black shirt and pants appeared. 
The next second, Justin’s breath hitched. 
Bella, wearing a tight and sexy red dress, spun onto the stage with the rhythm. Her beautiful face and amazing figure were a sight to behold. 
“OMG! Is that the same woman from just now? She looks so different in this style!”
“She’s such a sexy and sultry beauty! I love her!” 
“Although their dance has a lot of intimate touches, their dance form is impeccable. It doesn’t look vulgar at all, but refined and artistic. It’s simply amazing!” 
Justin looked at his ex-wife, who was dazzling on the stage. A complex emotion was surging in his dark eyes. 
He thought, ‘How does she know how to dance the tango? Isn’t she tone-deaf and uncoordinated? How could she wear such a revealing dress in front of everyone? How could she let that man hug her waist?! Does she not know what self-respect is after getting divorced?!’ 
Justin stared at his ex-wife’s slim waist and sexy legs, which were mostly exposed under the red dress. His eyes burned with desire. 
Tango was a sultry dance. 
Bella was passionate and flamboyant on the stage. Her eyes were suggestive as she swayed her body along with the male dancer. 
The music also added to the energy between the dancers. 
Bella wrapped her body around the male dancer like a vine. Her slender arms were also wrapped 
around the man’s strong waist. 
Her seductive eyes inadvertently met Justin’s gaze in the audience. 
Justin was entranced by her intense gaze. Although his face was stern, his heart was beating frantically, and his Adam’s apple bobbed restlessly.
He wanted to rush to the stage, push the male dancer away, and wrap her up tightly in his suit jacket. 
Justin thought, ‘Even I have never been so intimate with her as her husband. How could I allow other men to touch her like that?!’
###chapter153
After the dance, Bella and the male dancer held hands and took a bow. 
It was not a formal stage, but their beautiful dancing elevated this private cocktail party to a high-end dance party. 
Rosalind’s eyes burned with jealousy when she heard the compliments. 
In the past, Rosalind was good at piano, singing, and dancing. She would win awards easily. Later, when she was abroad, she only had her mind on fooling around with men and forgot all her talents. 
“Justin, don’t you think Ms. Brown is amazing? But dancing like this in public is quite vulgar, 
especially when she’s wearing so little… I’m embarrassed for her…” 
Rosalind tried to throw shade, but when she turned around, Justin was already gone. 
Justin walked quickly to the corridor backstage. 
No matter how much he restrained himself, he kept thinking about Anna’s sexy figure, which made his throat dry. 
He tried to convince himself that he was not attracted to her. He was just angry at Anna because she kept challenging his patience and deceiving him time and time again. 
Suddenly, Justin heard an excited male voice coming from the corner. 
“The lady I danced with today has such a slim waist. She’s so damn hot. I’ve never touched a woman as sexy as her in my life!”
This was supposed to be a compliment, but when Justin heard it, he became infuriated. 
The male dancer heard the cold click of leather shoes against the marble floor coming from behind. As soon as he turned back, Justin’s fist struck his face. 
“Ow!” 
Justin was a soldier, so he knocked down the male dancer with one punch. 
The man fell to the ground and screamed. He lay there motionless and in pain. 
“How dare you touch her?!” 
Justin smiled sinisterly and said in a cold voice, “Who do you think you are?” 
“You… You’re Mr. Salvador?!” 
The male dancer was scared out of his mind. “Aren’t you going to marry Ms. Gold?! I… I didn’t know that lady was yours too…” 
At the mention of Rosalind, Justin’s fist clenched again. 
“Justin! What are you doing?!” 
Justin turned around and saw Bella and Roza approaching them. His eyes darkened. 
The male dancer crawled over to them with blood flowing from his mouth. 
“Mr. Salvador, don’t you think you’re going overboard by beating people up at my party for no reason?” Roza pointed at Justin’s handsome face, furious. 
“He has a filthy mouth.”
Justin’s eyes were cold and sharp. He clenched his fists and said, “I only punched him so that he’ll remember not to run his mouth next time.” 
Bella was shocked. 
In her impression, Justin was always calm and collected. He would never bother to get into a conflict with people below his status. What happened today? Did he eat gunpowder for lunch? 
“What’s going on?!” Roza stared at the male dancer. 
“I… I didn’t mean to insult Ms. Brown… I was just too excited that I got to dance with Ms. Brown, so I called my friends to show off…” 
The male dancer was frightened. “I didn’t expect Mr. Salvador to hear it and punch me…” 
“Alright.” Bella frowned and raised her hand. “Roza, please take him to a doctor to get his injuries checked out first.” 
“Master, I can’t leave you here alone!” 
Roza glanced at Justin and whispered in Bella’s ear, “I think this man may be mentally ill. He hit this guy for no reason, so he must be a violent maniac!” 
“Yeah, I think so too.” 
Bella nodded with a cold face. “But I’m the cause of it, so I’ll solve it. Don’t worry. He won’t dare do anything to me.” 
The two women whispered to each other, but Justin heard every word. 
His face was gloomy.
Although Roza was worried, she did not disobey her mentor’s orders and hurriedly left with the male 
dancer. 
The corridor was quiet, and the air was oppressive. 
Justin saw that Anna was still wearing that sexy red dress and thought of the male dancer’s words, feeling irritated. 
He immediately strode up to her, took off his suit jacket, and handed it to her expressionlessly. 
“Put it on.” 
Slap-! 
Bella’s eyes were sharp. She raised her hand and slapped his hand away, which made his suit fall to the floor. 
“Justin, what the hell are you doing? You hit someone for no reason, and you want me to wear your clothes. Are you trying to disgust me?” 
“Anna!” Justin’s pupils suddenly shrank. 
“I know that you like cute and innocent women like Rosalind. I’ve been with you for three 
years and have pretended to be the goody two shoes for so long. I’ve had enough! Now that we’re divorced, you don’t have to worry about what I wear. I can do whatever I want, and it has nothing to do with you, especially when you’re about to get married to another woman!” Bella’s sharp eyes were like knives piercing into Justin’s bloodshot 
eyes.
“So, you’re just going to ruin yourself like this after leaving me?” 
Justin was so infuriated that his handsome face turned red. “You can dance, but why are you wearing so little? Don’t you have any sense of shame? You also let that man touch you!” 
“Haha…” Bella laughed out loud. “Mr. Salvador, do you like me?” 
“What nonsense are you spouting now?” Justin’s heart twitched, and his breathing hitched. 
Bella took a step closer to him, raised her delicate face, and met his dumbfounded eyes. 
“If you don’t like me, why the hell are you bossing me around? Or… Are you being vile and possessive because someone else is touching your ex-wife that you’ve never laid a finger on for the three years 
that we were married?” 
“Anna, do you think I’m vile?” Justin glared at her. 
“Of course! Do you think that you deserve a compliment from me?” 
Bella’s smile disappeared. “Justin, I suggest you bring your brain out the next time you leave the house. Stop pestering me and go find your fiancée. You’re ruining yourself for getting entangled with your ex-wife behind your fiancée’s back!” 
After saying that, Bella turned around, and her red dress fluttered beautifully in the air. 
Justin suddenly grabbed her thin wrist in desperation. Her eyes turned red from the pain, and she 
could not break free. 
“You can vent your anger at me and come at me directly. Don’t use someone else to attack us. That’s just despicable!”
“Use someone else to attack you?” Bella was startled, not knowing what he was talking about. 
“Rose came here this time to ask Roza to help her design a dress, but Roza didn’t help and even made 
things difficult for her! Do you dare say that you didn’t ask Roza to do this? Do you dare to say that you didn’t take this opportunity to retaliate against Rose?!”
###chapter154
After Justin finished speaking, he was stunned for a moment. 
He had no evidence, but he thought of Anna this way. 
Justin even hoped that Anna would do this because it would show that she still cared about him. 
“Justin, you think too highly of yourself.” 
Bella’s heart ached, but she forced herself to smile. “To be honest, I never thought about getting revenge on you. I don’t care if you marry Rosalind. Even if you follow Wyatt Thompson’s example and marry four wives, I won’t bat an eye. That’s because I think that hating you will be a waste of my time and effort.” 
Justin’s heart clenched. He felt like he had been punched. “Anna… You…” 
“Roza has orders scheduled until the end of next year. She has always upheld her principles of serving every customer equally. Even if the prime minister’s wife is here, she still has to queue up. But perhaps Roza wanted to take the opportunity to vent her anger on my behalf. But I’m not so cowardly as to use my friends to retaliate against Rosalind. If I wanted to, I would have just slapped Rosalind as many times as I liked. Is there a need to do it in such a roundabout way? You really don’t understand me at all.” Bella’s tone was derisive, and she sneered. 
However, Justin felt that her eyes were so empty that he could not see a glint of light. 
He could not help but feel a prick in her heart. 
“Anna!”
A familiar voice interrupted their stalemate. 
It was Asher. 
Bella took the opportunity to shake Justin’s hand off. She then ran toward Asher excitedly. 
Asher gently held his sister in his arms. “Sorry, I’m late. I got caught up at work.” 
“It’s okay.” Bella sniffed. Her eyes felt a little sore. 
“Did he make things difficult for you?” Asher looked at Bella worriedly and glared at Justin, who was frozen in place. 
Bella shook her head. “Let’s go back.” 
Justin was stunned for a while. Then he quickly followed them out. 
Outside the gate, Steven was waiting for Asher and Bella next to the Rolls-Royce. 
“Ugh, my feet hurt from wearing these heels. Sneakers are still more comfortable.” Bella pouted at Asher coquettishly. 
“Steve, take out the shoes I prepared for Bella.” 
Steven hurriedly took out the sneakers from the trunk of the car and placed them next to Bella’s delicate feet. 
At this time, Justin arrived at the gate. 
Justin watched helplessly as Asher kneeled on one knee and took off his ex-wife’s high heels. Asher then slid the sneakers on her feet and helped tie her shoelaces.
Asher was so attentive to Anna, even more than a father would care about his daughter. 
Bella stuck her little hand into Steven’s suit pocket and took out a piece of chocolate, smiling sweetly after taking a bite. 
“Let’s go home.” 
Asher led her into the car, and the luxury car drove off. 
Justin suddenly felt as if his heart had been hollowed out. He felt an unprecedented sense of loss. 
His ex-wife, who had lived like a widow when she was married to him, was treated like a princess by the CEO of KS Group. 
Asher was such a formidable character in the business world, but he was willing to humble himself for the one he loved. The love in his eyes was so sincere that it overflowed. 
True love is not wanting one’s lover to bend down to wear her shoes. 
Justin did not know why he felt so uncomfortable when he saw his ex-wife being pampered by another man. 
In the evening, Rosalind followed Justin back to Tideview Manor with the excuse of visiting Shannon and Gregory. 
“Justin, why did you suddenly disappear just now? I panicked when I was left there alone…” 
In the back seat, Rosalind hugged Justin and rested her head on his shoulder. 
“Rose.”
Justin slowly pulled his arm out. His voice had a hint of coldness as he said, “I hope that you won’t cause trouble for Anna when you see her again, especially if she isn’t hostile toward you.” 
“Justin… Do you think that I’m bullying her?” Rosalind’s eyes turned red instantly. She almost cried. “Didn’t you?”
###chapter155
“I…” 
“Anna wouldn’t offend anyone unless they offended her first. She didn’t make things difficult for today.” 
you 
Justin’s cold eyes fell on Rosalind’s pale face. “No matter how much you resent her, she and I are already divorced. We will have nothing to do with each other after Grandpa’s birthday, as soon as we finalize the divorce. I hope you will stop finding fault with her. This is my only request to you.” 
Justin never spoke to Rosalind again until the Maybach drove into Tideview Manor. 
Rosalind put up with her fiancé’s indifference and secretly cursed Anna. 
“I’m going upstairs to change.” 
Justin left with a gloomy expression. 
Rosalind gritted her teeth unwillingly. She did not feel that she had done anything wrong. 
She thought, ‘Anna was the one who robbed me of my marriage and hogged my man for three whole years! I won’t be able to get rid of the resentment in my heart even if I kill that bitch! So what if I bullied her? Why is Justin protecting her so much?!’ 
Half an hour later, Justin, who had changed into loungewear, walked down the stairs, followed by Wilma. 
While he was on the stairs, Justin heard the laughter of three women coming from the living room.
Bethany said, “It’s time to hire a new chef. The food at home recently has been terrible since Anna left! That bumpkin has excellent cooking skills, so she wasn’t all useless.” 
Rosalind asked, “Did Anna cook for you all every day?” 
Bethany replied, “Of course! What else can a bumpkin like her do? She’s blessed enough to marry into our family, so she should serve us well! Do you know what the servants at home say about her behind her back? They say that she’s not really the young madam of this house, but a high-end nanny. She has the title of lady boss, but she’s actually doing a maid’s work!” 
Justin’s eyes turned cold, and he clenched his fists. 
Shannon chimed in. “Hah! I thought she would give up and get a divorce within a year, especially with Justin giving her the cold shoulder and everyone in the family bullying her. Unexpectedly, she endured such humiliation and worked like a cow for three years. To be honest, I wouldn’t have been able to endure it if it were me. I don’t know how she can bear it.” 
Bethany said, “Thankfully, Rose came back. Otherwise, that bitch will probably keep staying here forever. Hmph! She’s so shameless!” 
Justin could not bear listening to this anymore. His voice was so loud that he almost growled. “Have you said enough?!” 
The air in the living room instantly dropped to a freezing point. 
“Justin, we…” Rosalind hurriedly stood up and tried to smooth things over. 
“You guys took advantage of Anna, yet you’re still badmouthing her.” 
Before Rosalind could finish speaking, Justin interrupted her. He was exuding such a terrifying chill that she shuddered.
Shannon and Bethany were also frightened. 
“Justin, what are you talking about? We…'” 
“You guys enjoyed Anna’s contribution, but you didn’t appreciate it and even laughed at her. Do you really think that I don’t have a temper?” Justin’s cold glare was intimidating. 
The three women thought they had misheard him. 
Justin had been married to Anna for three years, but he had never stood up for her. He neglected her, so everyone in the Salvador family treated Anna as a pushover. 
After their divorce, Justin seemed closer to Anna. 
The three women paled, and the servants held their breaths. 
“Even if Anna and I are divorced, she is still my ex-wife. I won’t allow anyone to insult her like that, especially in this house.” 
Justin clenched his teeth and frowned. “As the wife and daughter of the chairman of Salvador Corporation, I advise you two to stop being so distasteful. You’ll just end up embarrassing yourselves!” 
After saying that, Justin went back upstairs, furious. 
The three women were left in the living room, embarrassed, ashamed, and indignant. Shannon’s face was red from suppressing her anger. 
“What are you all looking at? Get back to work!” Bethany yelled, venting her anger on the servants. 
Rosalind had not returned to her senses because she had never seen Justin lose his temper like this.
“Hah! Look, Rose. This is the man you are going to marry in the future. Before you marry him, he’s already protecting another woman in front of you!” Shannon’s lips twitched in anger. 
Rosalind was vexed, so she ran after Justin. However, Wilma stopped her. 
“Sorry, Ms. Gold. The young master is in a bad mood now, so he won’t be coming down to have dinner with you. You can eat by yourself.”
###chapter156
In the study, Justin sat on the sofa, rubbing his throbbing temples. He leaned forward with his elbows resting on his knees. The muscles on his shoulders were shaking, and he looked like he was in pain. 
On the way home, Justin’s head had already started to hurt. After hearing Shannon, Bethany, and Rosalind badmouthing Anna, the pain became even more unbearable. 
He thought, ‘Anna has the title of lady boss, but she’s actually doing a maid’s work… Even if Anna is useless, it’s not their place to badmouth her!’ 
“Master! Do you have another headache? I’ll get you some medicine!” 
Wilma hurriedly found the painkillers from the drawer, poured him a glass of water, and handed it to Justin. 
After taking the medicine, Justin felt the tension in his head ease. His face also relaxed a little. 
“Master, it’s not good for your health to take painkillers all the time. I remember that your headaches improved a lot after the young madam did the acupuncture treatment. Do you want to ask the young madam to come back and check?” Wilma advised softly. 
“Wilma.” 
Justin’s eyes were slightly red, and his throat felt clogged. “Did they often badmouth Anna before? They said that Anna had been cooking for the family for the past three years… Is it true?” 
“Yes, Young Master. I told you before that the young madam is very hard-working, but you said she was just putting up an act. But who in their right mind would pretend day after day for three whole years? Even if she was pretending, I’d give her a thumbs-up for being so persistent!”
Justin pursed his pale and thin lips. 
“When the young madam first moved in, her cooking was just average. She humbly asked me for advice and asked me to teach her. But I told her that the servants and cooks would do all the work. As the young madam, she only needs to enjoy being waited on. But she didn’t. She said that she wanted to cook for her husband. Since she couldn’t help you with your work, she wanted to take care of your meals and daily needs. At first, the young madam kept coughing when she smelled the fumes while cooking, so she had to wear a mask in the kitchen. Later, she gradually got used to it. She would already be in the kitchen cooking breakfast every morning before I woke up.” 
Justin thought, ‘Cough? Why cough? Is she allergic to smoke?’ 
He felt suffocated. At this moment, even the painkillers could not stop his head from throbbing. 
Wilma sighed indignantly. “I’ve had enough of Shannon and Bethany. Young Madam has silently sacrificed so much for this family, but they’re so ungrateful and even laugh at her. It’s too much! Young Master, although I really hope that you can get back together, sometimes I feel bad for the young madam for suffering so much here… I just hope that she can live with a better family where she won’t be bullied or slandered in the future.” 
Verbal abuse often hurts the most. 
Justin felt as if he had been hit in the head. His eyebrows furrowed tightly. 
After a few days, nothing eventful happened. 
Nigel’s birthday was approaching. 
Thinking that she would soon finalize the divorce, Bella had mixed feelings in her heart.
When she and Justin got married, they did not have a wedding ceremony or official announcement. They just went to City Hall to get their marriage license. It was so hasty that they did not even have a meal together before or after. 
The marriage license had the only photo of the two of them. In the photo, Bella flashed a happy smile and leaned toward Justin. 
But there was no smile on the man’s face. He looked so stiff, as if he had been photoshopped into the picture. 
At that time, Bella thought things would get better after marriage. As long as she worked hard enough, Justin would slowly fall in love with her. 
However, she finally understood that was not the case. 
Love was the only thing in the world that did not work on merit. 
She thought, ‘Justin, it wasn’t that I didn’t try hard enough. We were just too far apart.’ 
“Ms. Bella, the event planning department spent several nights working on this. Please take a look at the proposal for Ada Wang’s wedding.” 
Steven placed the folder in front of her. Bella’s eyes lit up. She hurriedly picked it up and looked through it. 
Then she picked up her fountain pen and moved her delicate hands over the document, like a big boss. 
“This, this, and this won’t work. Change it. It’s boring and outdated. This idea is from five years ago, and the color palette won’t do. Ada Wang hates this kind of bright color. She prefers Morandi colors. Take it back and redo it!”
“Yes, Miss.” Steven felt nervous for his colleagues on the event planning team. 
“Ada Wang’s wedding planning will be put on the agenda after Grandpa Nigel’s birthday. This time, we must crush the Salvador family in all aspects. Get everyone to buck up and be on the lookout.” Bella’s clear eyes flickered. 
“Understood. We won’t lose to Justin Salvador!” Steven clenched his fists. 
Bella sneered. “I just don’t like losing. It has nothing to do with Justin. But since he wants to compete with me, I’ll show him the cruel reality.” 
At this time, Bella’s phone rang. Sasha was calling. 
“Aunt Sasha, what’s wrong?” 
“Bella! I did it!” 
Bella was confused. “Huh?”
###chapter157
Sasha sounded excited as she said, “I managed to steal that antique rosewood chair that you wanted from your father!” 
“Aunt Sasha, thanks for your hard work! I’ll definitely treat you to a meal the next time we meet!” Bella rubbed her hands excitedly. 
“Hehe, it’s not a big deal! I’m just glad that you’re happy!” 
“But… What will happen to you if Wyatt finds out?” Bella could not help but worry about Sasha. 
Sasha said courageously, “Well, I have no dependents, so I guess I can leave this world without worries. If anything happens to me, just remember to buy me a nice coffin.” 
Bella was speechless. 
After a busy day, Steven drove Bella back to the villa. 
Bella kicked off her high heels, put on her soft velvet red slippers, stretched her back, and prepared to go upstairs to take a bubble bath. 
“Let me draw the bath for you.” Steven hurriedly rolled up the sleeves of his white shirt. 
“No need. I can do it myself. Just prepare some dinner.” Bella smiled tiredly. 
“Okay. What do you want to eat?” 
“Hmm… Spicy instant ramen!” 
Steven was speechless. He was not a fan of spicy instant ramen, but Bella loved it.
Bella pouted her lips and said, “Actually, I also want a doner kebab, but there are no kebab shops nearby.” 
“Do you want to eat first before taking a bath?” 
“Nah, 
I’m too tired. If I don’t take a shower now, I probably won’t even have the energy to eat.” 
Bella yawned and went upstairs to shower. 
Steven tidied up the living room before he put on an apron and gloves. 
As soon as he finished making the noodles, the doorbell rang. 
Asher and Axel had keys to this villa, so they would never ring the doorbell. 
Steven thought, ‘It’s so late. Who would it be? Who else knew that Bella lived here?’ 
He frowned and walked to the entrance to press on the video intercom. 
The next second, he gasped. 
He saw Ryan’s handsome face on the screen. 
“Hello! Is anyone home?” Ryan looked around. 
“Mr. Hoffman, why are you here?” Steven instantly became alert and stared at him coldly. 
“I followed you here, of course!” Ryan suddenly smiled brightly. 
“When?!”
“I followed you from the hotel. Tsk tsk… You’re so incompetent as a secretary. You didn’t even realize that someone was stalking your boss. You need to improve your observation skills.” 
Steven took a deep breath to calm himself. He said in a cold voice, “Ms. Bella is sleeping now, so she won’t see any guests. Please leave!” 
“The lights upstairs are still on. Who are you trying to deceive?” 
Ryan blinked. “I’m here to deliver a gift. You should at least let me in.” 
“Steve, who are you talking to?” 
At this moment, Bella was dressed in a pastel-pink silk robe. Her long hair was tightly wrapped in a white towel. She walked downstairs, feeling relaxed from her hot bath. 
“Um…” Steven did not know what to say. 
Bella walked over, put her pretty face in front of the screen, and raised her eyebrows. “Oh, it’s you.” 
“Anna! It’s me!” Ryan’s eyes lit up with excitement when he heard her sweet voice. 
“What’s going on?” 
“Anna, I brought you a gift. I didn’t get to see you during the day, so I wanted to give it to you in person tonight!” 
“Mr. Hoffman, I made it clear to you before that I wouldn’t accept your gifts. But I appreciate your kindness.” Bella rejected him without hesitation. 
“I purposely flew to Sentania to find a crystal artwork made by the famous sculptor, LAN. I got it with great difficulty…”
‘LAN?!’ Bella licked her lips and pressed the button to open the gate. 
Steven held his forehead and was speechless. 
He thought, ‘Hmph! This guy really knows what Bella likes!’
###chapter158
The door opened. 
Ryan quickly jumped in, as if he were afraid that Bella would change her mind. 
“Sigh… It’s not easy coming into your house. The door ticket is quite expensive.” 
At this moment, Ryan spotted the woman standing under the light, wrapped in a silk bathrobe. The robe hung loosely around her graceful figure and was tied at her slender waist. Her cheeks were rosy from the bath. Ryan could not help but ogle at her. 
His Adam’s apple bobbed restlessly. 
“Mr. Hoffman, where do you think you’re looking?” Steven’s expression was cold, and his tone was hostile. 
“Everyone has a love for beauty. I’m simply appreciating this top-notch art of God. It’s pure admiration, nothing else.” Ryan’s eyes squinted when he smiled. 
Steven thought, ‘Damn! This is the first time I’ve heard someone explain their lewd gaze in such a refined way!’ 
“Is this LAN’s work?” Bella stared at the box that Ryan was holding. 
“Yes. I bought two of them. One is for Justin’s grandfather, and the other is especially for 
you.’ 
]]
Ryan’s eyes sparkled with enthusiasm. “Anna, LAN only sells ten handmade works to the public year. Do you know how rare they are?” 
Bella coughed slightly. “Um… Have you eaten? If not, do you want to join us?” 
“I haven’t! I have been waiting in front of your hotel since 5:00 p.m. and haven’t even had a sip of water. I’m absolutely starving right now!” Ryan’s voice trembled with excitement. 
Steven rolled his eyes. ‘Look at this shameless guy! He’s really making himself at home…’ 
“Steve, will you prepare another bowl of spicy instant ramen for Mr. Hoffman? Make it extra spicy.” Bella carefully took the box from Ryan’s arms and gave instructions as she walked to the living room. 
“Spicy instant ramen?!” Ryan was so frightened that his face turned pale. 
Also, extra spicy? 
Ryan thought, ‘Does she want to kill me?’ 
“Mr. Hoffman, you don’t seem satisfied with our hospitality.” 
Steven saw Ryan’s expression and took the opportunity to tease him. “Oh, right. The ‘Prince of Savrow’ only eats at the best fine-dining restaurants. You must not be used to the ‘peasant food’ that we eat.” 
“No! Who said that? Don’t spread rumors about me. I’ll eat it!” 
Ryan was worried and said with a wry smile, “But can you make it non-spicy? Just a normal instant ramen will do.” 
The more he spoke, the quieter his voice became. Ryan looked so aggrieved.
Bella turned to look at him and chuckled. Her face was rosy, and her eyes were curved into little crescents as she smiled. 
“Sure, whatever you want.” 
Ryan’s breath hitched, and a brilliant pink firework exploded in his mind. 
He finally understood what it meant to be enchanted by someone. 
Steven went to prepare dinner, while Bella and Ryan sat in the living room admiring LAN’s artwork. 
Bella’s beautiful and slender hands caressed the crystal statue that was shaped like an opened folding fan. The statue was made of a single piece of white crystal, but the carving was so smooth that it looked like it was dynamic. 
“Wow… It’s so beautiful…” 
Bella sighed and felt like her soul had been purified. 
She carefully picked up the crystal fan from the holder. Ryan widened his eyes in admiration. 
Her small and slender hands were even more beautiful than the carefully crafted crystal. At this moment, Ryan was no longer staring at the crystal artwork. 
“Anna, do you like it?” Ryan rested his chin on his hand and swooned over her. 
“Of course, I like it! LAN is the contemporary artist that I admire the most. Her works are stunning.” Bella liked it so much that she gaped. 
Ryan said, “Me too…” What he wanted to add was, “I like you.”
“Thank you for thinking of me when you buy this, Mr. Hoffman.” 
Bella suddenly looked at him seriously. “But I won’t accept a gift for no reason. You must have spent a lot of manpower and money to get this treasure, so name your price. I’ll buy it from you.” 
“Tsk! Anna, I’ll get mad if you want me to accept your money. It pains my heart so much.” Ryan pouted and rubbed his chest. 
“I really like LAN’s work. I wanted to take the time to go to Sentania to buy a piece this year, but I never got around to it. This gift really touched my heart, so I think it’s better if I pay you so that you won’t have wasted your trip. That way, I won’t feel bad for accepting such a precious gift. It’s a win- 
win.” 
Bella smiled lightly. “Besides, I really don’t like owing people.” 
“No, no… I will never accept your money!” 
“Then why don’t you name a condition? I’ll agree to it as long as it’s within my capabilities.” 
When Ryan heard this, he grinned happily, showing off his pearly whites. He suddenly leaned toward Bella and asked, “It’s Grandpa Nigel’s birthday next week. Why don’t you attend it with me?”
###chapter159
Bella said, “No, think of another condition.” 
“But you just promised me!” Ryan raised his eyebrows and looked anxious. 
“I really can’t go with you.” 
Bella looked at him sternly. “I promised Grandpa Nigel that I would spend his birthday with him as his granddaughter-in-law. After his birthday, I won’t have anything to do with the Salvador family anymore. If I attend his birthday party with another man, I’m afraid Grandpa Nigel will feel uncomfortable. I just want Grandpa Nigel to be happy on his 80th birthday. After all, I won’t be spending much time with him anymore.” 
As she spoke, a trace of sadness flashed across her beautiful eyes. 
“Anna, you’re such a good person. I think that Justin is too blind to have missed out on you.” Ryan sighed. 
But then Ryan thought, ‘If my best friend wasn’t so blind, how could I get the chance to find this hidden treasure? Oh, Justin… Your loss is my gain! Your blindness is the reason I’ll be happy for the rest of my life!’ 
“So, tell me another condition.” Bella touched the crystal artwork with her fingertips. She liked it so much that she could not put it down. 
“Then, can you please change the way you address me from now on? I don’t want you to call me Mr. Hoffman.” Ryan batted his long eyelashes pleadingly. 
“That’s it? You know, it’s rare for me to owe favors.”
“I’m just happy that you let me stay for dinner.” Ryan looked at her adoringly, seizing every opportunity to convey his love for her. 
“From now on, I’ll call you Ryan. Is that okay?” Bella asked. 
“Of course! Ryan, it is!” Ryan’s heart throbbed with joy. 
He just felt that he had taken a big step forward to close the gap between them. To him, Anna saying his name was equivalent to her calling him “babe”. 
“Ms. Bella, your noodles are ready.” 
Steven came over wearing an apron. He was so gentle to Bella, but he was mean to Ryan. “I’ve also cooked one bowl for him, extra spicy.” 
Steven thought, ‘I hope the spice kills him!’ 
“Anna, don’t you think it’s inconvenient for you to be living with a male nanny? I have an old maid who has been working in my house for the past fifteen years. I can ask her to work for you. She’s hard- working and efficient. Her cooking is also delicious. I grew up eating her food.” Ryan glanced 
sideways at Steven, acting like a jealous sidepiece who had just gained attention. 
Steven was so angry that he clutched his apron. ‘How dare this man suggest this?! He’s not even Bella’s boyfriend yet!’ 
“Steve and I grew up together. He’s mine.” 
Bella’s beautiful eyes dimmed, and her voice became cold. “Mr. Hoffman, don’t you think that you’re overstepping your bounds?” 
Steven felt a surge of warmth in his heart. ‘I knew that Bella would be on my side!’
Ryan almost vomited blood from his broken heart. 
He thought, ‘Anna grew up with this male nanny? Is he her childhood sweetheart?! Why is Asher Thompson so generous as not to bury this man alive and even allow him to stay with his girlfriend?!’ 
“You can head to the dining table first. I’ll put the artwork upstairs and be right back.” 
Bella put the statue back in the box and went upstairs happily with her new gift. 
Ryan looked at the woman, who was tiptoeing briskly like a little butterfly, and felt a surge of desire in his heart. He could not help but snap a photo of her back. 
This photo looked like a work of art even when he had just casually taken it. 
At this time, a message popped up on his screen. 
[Justin: I’m in a bad mood. Let’s go out and have a drink.] 
Ryan suddenly felt smug and sent him the photo he had just taken. 
Two seconds later, Justin called Ryan. 
“Hello?” Ryan turned around and answered the call, lowering his voice. 
Justin’s voice was cold and dark, as if he came from hell. “Are you with Anna at this hour?” 
“I am with Anna right now, at her house too.” Ryan had to show off to Justin. 
“Where is her house?!” Justin growled. 
“What?! You don’t even know where your ex-wife lives? Oh no, I can’t tell you this. She clearly doesn’t want you to bother her if she doesn’t tell you.”
“Ryan, I’ll only ask you this once more. Where is she staying?” Justin’s tone was murderous. 
“Hehe…” 
Ryan covered his mouth and snickered. “I’m not telling you!”
###chapter160
Twenty minutes later, Justin rushed over to Bella’s villa. 
He lowered the window and looked at the warm lights inside. When he thought of Ryan and Anna together at this hour, Justin felt that his heart was stuffed with cotton. 
Justin frowned and clutched his phone in his sweaty palms. 
On his phone screen, Anna was wearing a sexy silk robe, showing off her perfect curves. 
In the past, Anna would only wear loose cotton nightdresses, which looked like maternity clothes that did not show off her figure at all. 
Now that they were divorced, she completely let loose and transformed into a sexy temptress, seducing men everywhere she went. 
Justin’s chest heaved as he lowered his eyes to look at the photo again. Then he reached out and tugged on his meticulously knotted tie. 
He felt a little too warm. 
In the villa, Ryan’s face turned green when he saw Bella slurping the spicy instant ramen. 
He was raised in a wealthy household with a health-conscious mother who doted on him. Ryan drank his first sip of Coke when he was 15 years old and ate his first bite of fried chicken at 18 years old. 
A high-born man like Ryan had never been exposed to commoner food like instant ramen. 
“Aren’t you going to eat it? It won’t taste good if it gets cold.” Bella asked casually.
“I… I’m just so happy that I’m at a loss for words…” Ryan held a fork and smiled dryly. 
“Really? It’s just a bowl of noodles. If you like it that much, I have a box of it. You can take it back when you leave.” 
“No, no… It’s okay!” 
Ryan gritted his teeth and bit the bullet. ‘This is just another hurdle to chase my future wife!’ 
Thus, he picked up his fork, stared at the red noodles, and took a big mouthful. 
“Cough cough cough cough cough…” 
Ryan choked on the mouthful of chili pepper that went straight down his throat, making his eyes water and his tongue numb. 
He glared at Steven fiercely. Steven had such innocent puppy-dog eyes, but he had an evil smile that revealed his bad intentions. 
“You can’t eat spicy food? You should’ve told me earlier… Is it too spicy?” 
Bella thoughtfully poured a glass of water for Ryan. At this moment, the doorbell rang. 
“Why do we have so many guests tonight? I’ll go check it out.” 
Steven walked to the entrance and pressed on the video intercom. 
The moment Justin’s handsome face appeared on the screen, Steven took a step back and looked stunned. 
“I’m looking for Anna.”
“Steve, who is it?” 
At this time, Bella and Ryan, who was still choking with a red face, walked out. 
When the two of them saw the man on the intercom, they were both stunned. 
“Why is he here? Did you tell him?” Bella reacted quickly and glared at Ryan. 
“Ahem… Anna… Ahem… I had no choice. That jerk Justin threatened me!” 
Ryan had tears in her eyes. He clutched his chest and still had not recovered from the intake of so much spice. “He said… Ahem… He said that if I don’t tell him where you live, he’ll cut off all ties with me and…” 
“What else did he say?” Bella frowned. 
“He also said… Ahem… He’ll delay finalizing your divorce for as long as possible. That way, Asher and I won’t be able to be with you.” 
Bella thought, ‘Justin, you’re so despicable!’ 
Bella’s eyes were red with fury. She clenched her fists and rushed over to the intercom. She pulled Steven behind her and said coldly into the intercom, “Who told you to show up at my door? Leave now! Otherwise, I’ll call security!” 
“Anna, come out.” Justin frowned slightly. His tone was a little irritable. 
Bella sneered. “Who are you to tell me what to do?” 
“Ryan, come out now!” Justin shouted at Ryan. His charming eyes were bloodshot.
“No way!” Ryan knew that his best friend was a good fighter. At that moment, he was terrified for his 
life. 
“Ryan Hoffman!” 
“Ryan is my guest. He came here to give me a gift. Since I accepted his gift, there’s no reason for me to 
kick him out.” 
Bella’s voice was deep as she said, “Mr. Salvador, you’re not welcome here. Please leave!” 
Justin’s eyes were burning with rage. As soon as he opened his mouth, Bella had already turned off the intercom.
###chapter161
The screen of the intercom went dark, but Bella could still see Justin’s sullen eyes. 
Bella thought, ‘What a jerk! How dare he threaten me with the divorce? He’s so despicable! Is he going to use the divorce certificate to manipulate me for the rest of my life?’ 
“Anna, I’m so sorry.” 
Ryan sniffed. His nose was red, and he still felt a little uneasy. “This is all my fault. I talked too much. I shouldn’t have told him…” 
“I don’t blame you.’ 
Bella took a deep breath and clenched her fists. “Justin is just a shameless jerk who can’t stand seeing me happy.” 
Ryan had always been an arrogant prince in front of other ingratiating women, who would be servile to him. 
At this moment, when he saw Bella suppressing her anger, this haughty man finally knew what it felt like for the tables to be turned. He felt oppressed and flustered. 
“Rumble–!” 
There was lightning and thunder outside, signaling that it was going to rain soon. 
“Let’s continue eating. Let him be.” Bella turned away angrily. 
Ryan stood there, glanced at the door, and suddenly came to his senses.
‘OMG! Am I a horrible friend for doing that to Justin?’ 
Soon, it rained heavily. 
Bella and Ryan sat by the floor-to-ceiling window, drinking tea and chatting. 
“To be honest, I used to be a little biased against you. Before I got to know you, I didn’t know you were such an interesting person. Also, you’re kinder than I thought.” Bella spoke sincerely as she took a sip 
of tea. 
“Anna, you actually think that I’m kind? Did I hear you right?!” 
Ryan was so excited that he could hardly speak coherently. “Anna, I’m so touched! I will remember this compliment forever, and I will carve it on my gravestone when I die!” 
“Stop talking. You’re making me consider taking it back.” Bella curled her pink lips. 
“Anna, if you had met me before marrying Justin, would you fall in love with me? Would you give me a chance to pursue you?” Ryan took the opportunity to express his feelings and leaned forward 
slowly, approaching her. 
He knew that he was not considered a good man, but for Anna’s sake, Ryan was willing to change his old ways and turn over a new leaf. 
“No,” Bella answered decisively. 
Splash– 
Ryan felt like she had splashed a bucket of cold water over his head. “Why?”
“I wouldn’t love anyone, even without Justin.” Bella looked at the raindrops on the window with a calm expression. 
The bond between her and Justin lasted for thirteen years, from their first meeting to their marriage and now divorce. 
Bella gave 
that man her most passionate feelings, her brightest smile, and her youth being infatuated with him. Thus, she had no energy to love anyone else. 
Some people were just cold-hearted. 
Ryan stared blankly at her sad side profile and felt her pain. 
Bella was only 24 years old, but the desolation in her eyes and the despair for love made her look like an old person approaching death. 
Ryan thought, ‘Justin, why are you so cruel?’ 
“Ms. Bella!” Steven hurried over. 
“Yes?” Bella’s eyes were a little empty as she returned to her senses. 
“I think you should take a look outside.” 
Steven took Bella to the corridor on the other side of the house and stood in front of the window. ” Look! Is Justin crazy?!” 
Bella looked out. Her pupils suddenly shrank.
She saw Justin standing motionless next to his black sports car. His black tie was flying in the wind, and his black hair was a mess. He was completely drenched, but even so, he still stood there stiffly with a determined gaze. He was like a rock, unmoving regardless of the strong thunderstorm outside. 
“Did he get struck by lightning? Why is he standing in the rain? Is he trying to gain pity points? Does he think that you’ll see him if he looks so miserable?! He’s so shameless!” Steven wanted to rush outside and beat him senseless in the rain. 
“You’re right. He’s getting more shameless by the day.” 
Bella’s heart clenched, but she sneered and said, “If he is willing to stand there, he can stand all he wants. The time has come to test whether he’s a scumbag.’ 
At this time, Bella’s phone rang. 
“Come out. I have something to tell you.” Justin’s voice was deep and mellow. She could still hear h over the heavy rain and strong winds. 
“I have nothing to say to you!” 
At this moment, a ray of purple lightning struck the ground, making Bella’s face turn pale with fri
###chapter162
Strong winds, heavy rain, and purple lightning. 
Bella recalled that Justin was standing under the tree just now. 
What was even worse was that he still called her at this time. Was he really trying to get struck by lightning? 
“Justin, I won’t go out to see you. Stop calling me and go home!” Bella’s eyes were red. 
“I won’t leave until you come out.” Justin’s deep voice sounded determined. 
“That crazy bastard!” 
Bella was livid as she hurried toward the stairs while cursing him. 
“Ms. Bella!” 
Bella did not stop, even when Steven called out to her. 
Justin clutched his phone tightly and frowned. 
He stared intently in the direction of the villa door without moving. 
Finally, the door opened. 
Justin’s dark eyes suddenly lit up, and his breathing became heavier. 
Bella put on a jacket and walked toward him with a huge black umbrella.
Her hair flew messily, and her body swayed in the strong wind. She looked as if she was about to be blown away. 
However, she did not look timid at all. Instead, her expression was icy. 
Justin could not help but feel surprised. He felt those bright eyes that shone like stars in the dark were familiar. 
While he was in a daze, Bella walked up to him with a solemn face. 
She was the proud heiress of KS Group. Her father was the richest man in Hatchbay, with hundreds of billions of dollars in assets. She had four outstanding brothers who pampered her. Thus, Bella had always been the one controlling others. However, at this moment, she was being played emotionally by this man. 
“Justin, do you have no common sense or are you mentally ill? Are you not afraid of getting struck by lightning?!” Bella was furious. She wanted to pounce on him and rip out his jugular. 
Justin’s dark eyes narrowed slightly as he asked in a hoarse voice, “Do you care about me?” 
“Care about you? Hah!” 
Bella took a deep breath and sneered. “Don’t flatter yourself. I only came out to see you because I wanted to tell you to find someplace else to die. Don’t taint my door.” 
Her sharp tongue pierced his heart. 
But even so, Justin felt that this side of Anna was cuter than the woman who lived like a puppet back then. 
Curiosity was the beginning of love.
“Let’s talk in the car.” Justin lowered his eyes and saw that her clothes were soaked by the rain. 
“No.” 
Bella refused sternly. “Please just say what you want to and get to the point. Hurry up!” 
“Get in!” 
Justin was even more stubborn than Bella was. He frowned and took a step forward. 
At this moment, a ray of lightning struck the tree. 
A loud rumble ensued when the thick tree branch broke and fell without warning. 
The rain was too loud, and Bella was so focused on being mad at Justin that she did not realize she was in danger. 
“Watch out!” 
Bella was startled. The next second, she felt Justin’s hot breath on her face. 
Justin reacted quickly and shielded her in his strong embrace when the thick branch fell and hit his broad back.
###chapter163
“Ugh–!” Justin tried his best to endure it, but a painful groan still escaped from his throat. 
Even so, Justin held Bella tightly without letting go. 
Bella’s pupils shrank, and her heart was pounding. “Justin! Are you okay?!” 
“I’m fine. Get in the car.” Justin gritted his teeth to hold back the pain and stubbornly held her thin wrist. 
It was pouring at the moment. Bella was completely speechless, so she could only follow Justin to the 
car. 
In the dimly lit car, Bella could feel the humidity and smell Justin’s scent. 
Justin took off his soaked suit and threw it in the passenger seat. His wet bangs covered half of his eyes. He looked so handsome, even when he was drenched. 
Bella was still in shock. Her heart was sore and numb when she thought about how this man protected her at that critical moment. 
During the three years of marriage, Justin had never held her. 
She felt safe in his arms. Was this how Rosalind felt every day? 
Thinking of this, Bella scoffed. 
No matter how good it felt, Justin’s embrace belonged to someone else, so there was no point in thinking about it. 
“Did Asher buy this villa for you?” Justin looked at her sideways, his voice cold.
“You clearly know the answer. 
Bella crossed her arms and looked out the window. “How can a country girl like me afford to live in such a big house? Of course, Mr. Thompson is generous enough to give it to me.” 
“Since you have no place to live, why didn’t you accept the villa I wanted to give you?” Justin could not help but feel annoyed. He could not care less about the pain in his back. 
“Why should I accept it?” 
Bella smiled and laughed lightly. “It’s only natural that I accept gifts from Asher, given the nature of our relationship. But why should I accept your gifts? Did you think that our marriage was a mere transaction? Justin, you’re really good at humiliating people. I didn’t spend a penny of yours during our marriage, so I won’t accept anything from you after the divorce.” 
“Anna, I didn’t mean to humiliate you. You’re overthinking it. 
Justin took a breath. His deep eyes conveyed mixed emotions. 
When he gave her the money, he was considerate enough to think that she had no savings, so it would be difficult for her to live in Savrow. 
After all, he had nothing to give her except material things. 
“That’s enough. If you just want to talk about this, I’m not in the mood to hear it. I’m leaving.” 
Bella no longer had the patience to waste her time with him, so she stretched out her hand to open the car door. 
Justin felt anxious. He suddenly grabbed her wrist and pulled her back.
“Ow!” 
Bella was shocked when she crashed into the man’s hard chest. 
It hurts! 
‘Why is this jerk’s chest so hard? Is he a rock? Luckily, I didn’t get a nose job. Otherwise, it would get crooked…’ 
“I’m sorry.” 
Justin’s voice was low and hoarse. 
Bella’s heart suddenly trembled. She raised her eyes to look at him in shock. Her nose was red from the bump. 
“What did you say?” 
Justin’s Adam’s apple rolled, and his dark eyes flashed with shame. 
After all, he had never apologized to anyone before. Thus, he was hesitant and added, “I’m apologizing to you on behalf of Rose for what happened last time. She shouldn’t have said that to you in public.” 
In an instant, Bella’s heart sank. She sneered. “Oh, you waited in the rain for so long just so you could apologize on behalf of your fiancée, huh? Well, I won’t accept your apology. So you’ve just wasted your trip.”
###chapter164
“Why?” Justin frowned. 
God knew how long it took him to mentally prepare himself to say sorry to Anna. He even had insomnia for a whole week. 
Justin planned to wait until the day of his grandfather’s birthday to tell Anna in person, but when he saw Ryan at her home tonight, he could not wait any longer and wanted to see her as soon as possible. 
He did not know what was wrong with him. He had never been like this before. 
His emotions were always easy to control. But lately, Justin gradually discovered that Anna seemed to hold the switch to his emotions. 
“Rosalind should come and apologize to me in person. What does it mean for you to apologize to me on her behalf? Are you trying to show off your love for her?” 
Bella’s eyes were as cold as ice. “If she kills someone, will you go to jail for her too?” 
“Anna, I’m here to sincerely apologize to you!” Justin raised his voice, and his eyes were red. 
“I think you’re deliberately trying to provoke me. 
]] 
Bella laughed out loud. Her clear eyes glinted coldly in the night. “Justin, if you don’t understand what I’m saying, it’s better for you not to apologize. That word has no meaning coming from you.” 
“Anna, why are you picking on me?” Justin’s tone was harsh.
“You’re the one picking on me. I didn’t ask you to come here. You came here on your own accord to cause trouble.” 
Bella struggled to free her wrist, but her bones ached. “Let go! I’m going back inside.” 
“So what if I’m apologizing to you on her behalf? I’ve already humbled myself to this extent. What do you want for you to be satisfied?!” Justin could no longer control his anger. He grabbed her shoulders with both hands and shook her. 
“Justin, I’ve never wanted your humility.” 
Bella thought to herself, ‘What I want is for you to love me, but I know that I will never get your love. I accepted it and finally let go, so why do you keep provoking me? Am I such a pushover to you?” 
Bella laughed bitterly, and her eyes turned red. 
Her eyes were beautiful, and her gaze was scorching, burning Justin’s trembling heart. 
“I want you to disappear from my world completely. Just leave. Goodbye.” 
Bella pushed Justin away, but he grabbed her wrist again. “How could I disappear? You and I have been married for three years. Our divorce will be on your record forever. You can’t erase the past!” 
“It’s possible if I want it to be. You might think that we’re divorced, but I think that I’m widowed.” Bella’s eyes were extremely contemptuous. It was as if he was an insignificant speck of dirt. 
Justin’s eyes flickered. He felt like he had received a heavy blow. There was a buzzing sound in his ear, and his head hurt. 
He took a breath. His hands were trembling with pain as he said, “Anna, if I don’t let you go, you will always have my name tied to yours! If I don’t divorce you, you can’t even think about starting a new
life!” 
Slap-! 
Bella tried hard to keep the tears from falling. Finally, she could not bear it any longer and slapped Justin hard on the face. 
This was the second time she hit him, but her mood was completely different from the first time. 
Her heart ached so much at this moment. It felt as if she had been stabbed by his words. 
“Justin, if I’d known how despicable you were, I wouldn’t have married you in the first place!” 
Bella quickly got out of the car and slammed the door shut. 
She did not even bother to hold an umbrella as she rushed back to the villa in the rain. 
Justin’s head was tilted sideways from the slap, and he looked dumbfounded. 
After some time, he bent his tall body and held his aching head while trembling. He looked so wretched and pitiful. 
When Bella got back home, she avoided Steven and ran to her room. 
As soon as she ran upstairs, she could not hold it in anymore. She held the wall with her left hand and clutched her robe with her right hand, panting as if she had been drowning. She tried hard to suppress her tears. 
“Anna?” 
Ryan’s worried voice came from behind. Bella gritted her teeth and swallowed back her tears.
“I’m tired and want to rest, so I won’t send you off. Thanks for your gift.” 
“Anna… What’s wrong?” Ryan asked with a trembling heart. 
“I’m fine. Goodnight.” 
“Anna!” 
Ryan caught up with her in long strides, grabbed her thin shoulders with both hands, and forced her to face him. 
He was so strong that Bella felt dizzy from the spin. Her teary eyes were dazed and irritated. 
She looked even more stunning like this. 
“You cried?” Ryan stared at her, dumbfounded 
“No,” Bella replied coldly, but her red eyes betrayed her. 
“Anna, did Justin make you angry? He’s such a stupid and stubborn man. Don’t bother with him. He’s not worth your tears.”
###chapter165
“Yeah, it’s not worth it…” Bella muttered absentmindedly. 
Ryan took a deep breath. Bella’s gaze at this moment was so shattered that Ryan felt heartbroken. 
“Anna, why don’t you try dating me?” 
Bella frowned slightly. 
“Why don’t you try to accept me? Although I’m not a saint, I’m willing to be a better person for you!” 
Ryan thought that he was at least better than Justin 
“Ryan, I’m really tired. Please don’t make things difficult for me.” Bella looked at him with such sadness. 
“Anna…” Ryan’s breathing hitched. His heart was filled with pity. 
“It’s very late. I really want to go to bed. You should go home.” 
Bella pushed him away, turned around, and walked slowly toward the bedroom. 
“Are you and Asher really dating? What is your relationship with him? Are you in a relationship with him, or are you just using him to take revenge on Justin?” 
Bella was startled. She clenched her fists and said, “None of this has anything to do with you.” 
“There is no trace of Asher living here. If he’s your boyfriend, why isn’t there a pair of his shoes at the door? How is it possible that there is no trace of him being with you here?” 
“I’ll say it again. None of this has anything to do with you, so you don’t need to worry about it.”
“Anna! Don’t hurt yourself or do anything stupid.” Ryan’s voice was anxious. He had a bitterness in his throat. 
Bella pursed her lips and left without looking back. 
Justin drove back to Tideview Manor from Bella’s house. It was less than an hour’s journey, but he drove for two hours. 
The severe headache made it almost impossible for him to see the road ahead. The heavy rain also interfered with his vision. He almost got into a car accident twice along the way home. 
Justin stumbled into the study and knocked over the cups and documents on the table in search of his medicine. Finally, he found the medicine bottle and swallowed a few pills without washing it down with water. 
He took double the prescribed amount, but his headache was not relieved at all. 
–“Justin, if I’d known how despicable you were, I wouldn’t have married you in the first place!” 
“Ugh-!” 
Anna’s resentful words echoed in his mind. Justin’s strong and tall body curled up into a cocoon as he was overwhelmed by a splitting headache. His forehead was dripping with cold sweat. 
Wilma heard the noise and hurriedly opened the door of the study. 
Seeing Justin in pain, Wilma felt so distressed that tears welled up in her eyes. 
“Young Master! What’s wrong? Do you have a headache again?” 
Justin’s mind was a mess, and he was incoherent. “Anna… Anna…”
“Just hold on, Young Master! I’ll call your personal doctor right away!” 
Wilma’s face turned pale with fright as she rushed out the door. At this moment, she received a phone call. 
It was an unfamiliar number. 
“Who is it?” 
“Wilma, it’s me.” A gentle voice came. 
“Young Madam? Is that you?!” Wilma was so excited that she covered her mouth in disbelief. 
“Yes, it’s me, Anna.” 
“Young Madam… It’s really you! That’s great!” 
Wilma wiped away her tears and sobbed. “Please save the young master! He has a severe headache again. He’s completely delirious now. When you were with the young master, he hadn’t had a headache in a long time… Now that you’re gone, his headaches have gotten worse! What should I do?” 
“Wilma, don’t worry. Listen to me.” 
Bella took a deep breath and spoke in a calm voice, “Go to my room immediately. There’s a silver box in the drawer beside my bed with a set of silver needles that I used to treat Mr. Salvador’s headaches. There’s also a notebook under the box, which records the treatment methods and acupuncture locations in detail. I remember that you mentioned having studied some acupuncture before, so it shouldn’t be difficult for you, right?” 
“Yes, yes! I know acupuncture. I’ll get it right now!”
“Wilma, Mr. Salvador was injured tonight. A tree branch fell on his back. Although he didn’t say anything, I think the injury is quite serious. I also have ointment for bruises in my drawer. You can apply it on him later. If it doesn’t get better after a few days, take him to the hospital to get it checked out.” 
“Yes, ma’am.” Wilma wiped her tears and felt disheartened. 
Wilma thought, ‘Why did Young Master lose such a nice woman?’ 
“One last thing.” 
Bella sighed softly. “Please don’t tell Mr. Salvador that I called you tonight.”
###chapter166
The next afternoon, Justin finally woke up. 
That night, he had the same dream over and over again. 
Justin was assigned a difficult task on the battlefield of Kridor. He and fifty other comrades sneaked into the enemy camp and wiped out the terrorists, successfully rescuing ten hostages. 
Those terrorists were armed with heavy firearms. They were child soldiers who had started killing and dabbling in firearms at the age of five. 
The desert was stained with blood. It looked like hell on earth. 
Originally, Justin was not included in the mission, but he volunteered to join the mission and became a member of the “Suicide Squad”. 
“Young man, are you married?” 
–“No.” 
“You’re not married, and you don’t have children yet. Why do you want to carry out this mission? All of us have families and children, so we still have a successor if anything happens to us.” 
At that time, Justin just smiled lightly. He did not care about death. 
“Since I have no dependents, I have nothing to fear.” 
At that time, the two most important women in his life left him, one after another. His heart was dead, so he did not care if he died.
In comparison, he was more afraid of being left alone. 
Later, all of them fought to the death, but only less than ten of them survived. 
Justin was shot and stabbed in his legs, shoulders, and waist. Just as he thought he would die there, a girl in a white doctor’s coat saved him like an angel descended from heaven. 
She wore a thick mask and had neat, short hair. The lab coat she was wearing was torn and dirty. She looked like a battle-damaged angel. 
However, her beautiful eyes were sharp and as bright as the sun. 
That woman was Justin’s savior, “the little dove”, whom he had been searching for since then. 
Unexpectedly, Justin dreamed of the little dove again after meeting Anna last night. 
They were obviously two unrelated people, but Justin saw the shadow of the little dove in Anna’s eyes. How strange! 
Justin rubbed his temples tiredly and found that his head was no longer hurting. 
At this time, Wilma came in with a medicine box. 
Seeing that Justin had woken up and looked better, Wilma said happily, “Young Master, you’re awake! How are you feeling today?” 
“I’m fine…” 
Justin sat up with some help and was startled that he was already in pajamas. 
“When did I change?”
“I didn’t know where you went last night, but you came back drenched in water, so I helped you to change your clothes.” 
Wilma nagged while she tidied up the room. “You’re already thirty. Why do you still not know how to take care of yourself? You really need a wife…” 
Justin frowned and pulled his hair in frustration. 
Last night, he remembered that he had a severe headache, so he went into the study to look for medicine. He could not remember what happened next. 
“Wilma, did you change the clothes for me?” 
“Who else can do it?” 
Justin held his forehead in embarrassment. “Wilma, I’m thirty, not thirteen. Can you please stop taking off my clothes?” 
“Oh, you think that I took advantage of you? I’m old enough to be 
your mother, okay?” 
Wilma dissed him. “Do you think I want to change your clothes? You’re so heavy, like a dead weight. Also, I’ve grown tired of seeing your butt since you were in diapers.” 
Justin was speechless. 
“Why did you kick Young Madam out? Now, you have no one to blame but yourself for not having someone to rely on and love you. When I die, you’ll be a neglected child. No one will care if you sleep in wet clothes or if you run around naked!”
Justin was at a loss for words. 
“Hurry up and take off your clothes!” 
“What do you want to do now?” Justin stepped back. 
“I need to apply medicine to the wound on your back! This medicine has to be applied consistently to be effective. Take it off quickly!” Wilma spoke in a stern voice while holding the ointment that the young madam gave her. 
Justin stared at Wilma. “How did you know that my back was injured?” 
“Of course…
###chapter167
Wilma remembered the young madam’s instructions and hurriedly changed her tune. “Of course, I saw it when I helped you change your clothes last night! That large bruise scared me to death!” 
Justin thought of that thrilling moment last night when he held Anna in his arms. Her breath was so hot, and her soft waist seemed to melt into his palm. 
At that moment, he inexplicably wanted to protect her. 
Justin’s Adam’s apple bobbed, and his eyes were filled with uncontrollable lust. 
However, his eyes soon became cold again. 
Justin was a man with strong self-esteem. He had already apologized, but Anna refused to accept his apology and even slapped him. She also humiliated him. This was unbearable. 
He felt that his pity for her was unfounded. 
At this time, the butler’s voice came from outside the door. 
“Young Master, Mr. Ryan Hoffman is here to see you. He’s in the living room at the moment.” 
Justin pursed his thin lips and said, “Ask him to meet me in the study.” 
Bethany jumped in excitement when she found out about Ryan’s sudden visit. 
She put on her newly bought, custom-made pink dress, applied makeup, and sprayed a lot of perfume before she happily went downstairs to see her crush.
As soon as Bethany opened the door and walked out, she saw her younger sister, Carrie, holding the ugly teddy bear and jumping around in the corridor as if she were playing hopscotch. 
Bethany clicked her tongue in disgust, walked up behind Carrie, and pushed her hard. 
“Ah!” 
Carrie lost her balance and stumbled forward, falling heavily to the ground. She looked clumsy and pitiful. 
Even so, she still protected the little bear in her arms. 
“Hahahaha! Carrie, I told you to stop jumping in the corridor. Look, you fell!” 
Bethany was in a good mood today. She flipped her wavy hair and walked around Carrie. 
If Bethany was in a bad mood, she would have stepped on Carrie. 
After Bethany left, Carrie slowly got up from the floor. 
Over the years, Carrie figured out Bethany’s character. As long as Carrie acted silly and clumsy in front of Bethany, Bethany would look down on her and scold or beat her less. 
“Ms. Carrie!” 
Upon seeing this, Wilma hurriedly ran over to help Carrie. Her eyes were filled with distress. 
What’s wrong? How did you fall? 
“I’m okay…” Carrie pursed her lips. “I was not careful…”
“I saw Bethany passing by just now. Was she the one who pushed you?!” Wilma asked with red eyes filled with anger. 
“No, no, no! I’m fine! I’m leaving!” 
When Carrie heard her sister’s name, she was so frightened that she hugged the teddy bear and ran away in despair, enduring the pain from the fall. 
Wilma gritted her teeth and sighed when she saw Carrie’s pitiful and frail back. 
Ryan wandered around the backyard for a while. When he walked back to the living room, she bumped into Bethany, whose face was glowing red. 
“Mr. Hoffman!” 
Bethany smiled brightly. Her voice was sickeningly sweet. “Why are you here? Are you here to see my second brother?” 
“Of course,” Ryan responded casually. 
He and Justin were as close as brothers. Thus, he understood the Salvador family dynamics. 
Ryan knew that Shannon was a scheming person. As such, he disliked Bethany and treated her coldly. 
However, Bethany felt that she was desirable due to her good looks and family background. Thus, if she were more proactive, it would only be a matter of time before she could win over Ryan. 
She quietly pulled down the neckline of her dress and seized the opportunity to hug Ryan’s strong arm. 
She pouted her red lips coquettishly and said, “Come one, Mr. Hoffman. I’ll take you to Justin.”
Unexpectedly, Ryan glared at her with dark eyes. 
“Let go of me! Your perfume is too pungent. I don’t want your scent to taint my clothes.
###chapter168
Bethany’s carefully made-up face froze. Her heart trembled in fear. 
“Also, are we that close? Don’t you think it’s inappropriate for you to hug me like this?” Ryan’s eyes were cold as he forcefully pulled out his arm. 
“Mr. Hoffman, I’m sorry. You’re my brother’s close friend, so I think of you as my brother too. I have no other intentions…” Bethany was afraid that Ryan would hate her, so she quickly explained herself. 
“You’re his sister, not mine. Watch your behavior next time.” 
Ryan replied coldly, turned around, and left. 
Anna had given him this suit. He could not bear to wash it, let alone allow others to get it dirty. 
Bethany clenched her fists reluctantly. Her nails dug into her palms until they were almost bleeding. 
Suddenly, Ryan stopped walking. He put one hand in his pants pocket and looked at Bethany with squinted eyes. 
Bethany quickly flashed a bright smile. Her heart was beating with excitement. 
She thought, ‘I knew it! Ryan only seems cold on the outside. He must have feelings for me.’ 
“I really don’t understand girls’ fashion these days.” 
“What?” Bethany was startled. 
“I’ve heard of lipstick, but I thought it’s supposed to be used on the lips, not the teeth. I guess. I’ve learned something new today.”
Ryan laughed jokingly and walked away gracefully. 
Only then did Bethany return to her senses. She hurriedly ran to the bathroom and bared her teeth in the mirror. 
That was when she saw lipstick sticking to her front teeth. 
“Ah!” Bethany shouted in shame, wanting to smash the mirror. 
Ryan opened the door and walked into the study. He sat on the sofa with his long legs stretched out, looking leisurely., 
“That third sister of yours is a real hooligan, molesting me the first moment she sees me. Tsk, tsk! Why are these women so unrestrained? I’m sure Anna wouldn’t do something like this.” 
Justin was reviewing the documents that Ian sent over. When he heard this, he looked up at Ryan coldly. 
“What are you doing here?” 
“I’m here to see if you caught a cold from standing out in the rain all night.” Ryan narrowed 
eyes, took out a cigarette from the cigarette case, and held it between his lips. 
his 
“Ryan, you’re quite smug, huh?” Justin’s face darkened as he tightened his grip on the 
“Hmm, yeah. At least I’m better than a certain someone who can’t even step foot into her house.” Ryan puffed out a cloud of smoke. 
Justin was irritated and glared at Ryan with hostility.
pen. 
Indeed, Justin had been married to Anna for three years, but he had to stand and wait for her outside in the rain and even get slapped. 
Looking at it this way, Justin thought that Ryan was indeed better off than he was. 
The more he thought about it, the more ridiculous it seemed. He became infuriated. 
Ryan crushed the cigarette butt in the crystal ashtray, stood up, and walked to Justin. He put his arms on the edge of the table and looked at him with narrowed eyes. 
Justin met his oppressive gaze calmly. 
“Justin, I’m going to pursue Anna and make her mine.” 
Ryan’s eyes were bright and sharp. He wanted to cut-Justin open and take a closer look to see what was so great about him. 
Justin treated Anna so badly. He neglected her for three years and forced her to get a divorce. Justin was a horrible husband. 
Ryan was unconvinced. 
Justin’s breath hitched. His knuckles turned white from gripping the pen too hard. “Don’t forget. She’s already with Asher.” 
“I don’t care, as long as she’s not with you.’ 
]]
Justin’s blood surged to his head, and his breath trembled. 
“Asher and Anna aren’t married, so what if they’re together?” 
Ryan slowly approached Justin and raised his eyebrows. “You’re the obstacle here. Grandpa Nigel’s birthday is coming soon, and you’re about to marry Rosalind, but you still run over to Anna’s house and stand in the rain so pitifully. Why did you do that? Were you trying to reenact ‘The Notebook”?” 
Justin felt a bitterness in his heart. “I have my own reasons for seeing her. 
)) 
“Justin, I don’t care what your reasons are. You have a fiancée, so you shouldn’t bother Anna anymore,” Ryan said bluntly. 
2 
“I won’t do that again.” 
Justin took a deep breath and frowned. “But I want to remind you that if you really like her, you shouldn’t cause her more trouble. Everyone in the Thompson family likes her very much. They’re looking forward to her marrying Asher, so your presence may create more obstacles for her to marry into a wealthy family.” 
“What the fuck?! Do you think the Thompson family is the only wealthy family around? What about my family?” 
Ryan raised his eyebrows and blurted out in anger. “Also, there is no way she will marry Asher!” 
“What did you say?”
Justin keenly noticed something strange. He suddenly leaned forward in his chair and asked, Why did you say that?” 
“I have my reasons for saying this. I don’t think that she’s in that kind of relationship with Asher. I don’t think she likes Asher. She’s probably using Asher just to make you angry. If I were her, I would also find a new lover to provoke you and show you that even if you divorced me, I’m still desirable to other men!”
###chapter169
Ryan could not help but blush when he added, “More than one man too!” 
When Ryan went back last night, all he could think about was Anna’s words. 
“Without Justin, I wouldn’t love anyone.” 
Ryan thought, ‘Why not? Why can’t she love anyone but Justin?!’ 
However, Ryan would not tell Justin this. Justin was already proud enough. If he found out, he would be insufferable. 
Justin’s heart clenched, and the pain gradually spread throughout his body. 
‘Anna, is that how you think? You would rather sacrifice a lifetime of happiness just to get revenge on me?’ 
KS World Hotel’s business was booming. Their occupancy rate was 40% higher than before, and the restaurant was full every day. 
The employees were very motivated. After all, Bethany’s public apology made them feel like they were not lowly workers. Their general manager would stand up for them if they were bullied. 
Thus, with that morale and cohesiveness, the hotel was doing much better than before. 
Bella sat leisurely in her office, looking at this month’s financial report with a bright smile on her face. 
After all, she was one step closer to being the CEO of KS Group by doing a good job in the hotel.
Bella had always been an ambitious person. She was once trapped in a boring family life, so now that she saw the light of day again, she was unstoppable. 
“Ms. Bella, Mr. Asher is here.” Steven invited Asher in with a smile. 
“Ash!” 
Bella flew to her elder brother like a cheerful little butterfly and gave him a big hug. 
“How are you? Have you been tired lately?” Asher held his sister’s waist gently. 
“No, I don’t feel tired. If I complain about this bit of work, how will I be able to survive when I become the CEO of KS Group?” 
After Bella finished speaking, she blinked her bright eyes and covered her mouth. “Oh, oops. Ash, I didn’t mean to rush your resignation. If you want to continue being the CEO, I’m willing to be your deputy.” 
“I’m just afraid that you’ll give up.” 
Asher pinched the tip of her nose lovingly and said, “I’m afraid you’ll want to travel around the world again, and then I’ll have to postpone my retirement.” 
“No way.” 
Bella pursed her lips guiltily. “I was too willful in the past. I only cared about my own 
happiness and didn’t care about your feelings at all. I promise not to do this again. As the heiress of KS Group, I should shoulder the responsibilities of our family. I will no longer act on my own will.” 
She had paid the price for her willfulness, and it was a painful lesson.
Before she finished speaking, her phone rang on the table. 
“Hold on. I need to take a call.” 
Bella let go of Asher, walked to the table, and picked up her phone. 
It was Wilma calling. Bella hesitantly answered, “Hello, Wilma.” 
“Young Madam.” Wilma missed Anna. 
“I’ve divorced Mr. Salvador, so you should call me Anna from now on.” Bella corrected Wilma in a gentle voice. 
“Sorry, it’s a habit. I’m sorry, Ms. Brown.” 
“It’s alright. What’s wrong, Wilma?” 
“I did acupuncture on the young master with the needle you left for me. It’s truly miraculous. The young master’s headache was cured! I also used the ointment on the young master’s bruises, which have faded a bit.” 
“Really? That’s great.” 
Bella was reluctant to talk to Wilma about Justin, so she said, “Wilma, I’m busy right now. I’ll call you when I have time, okay?” 
“Young Madam!” 
Wilma suddenly called out to her anxiously. “Is there really no possibility of you two getting back together?”
Bella said calmly, “Yeah.” 
“Since you left, the house has become a mess again. No one cares about the young master besides me. He doesn’t listen to me when I advise him to take good care of his health… 
“He didn’t listen to me either when I tried to persuade him before.” Bella smiled faintly and said, “You’ll just need to put in more effort in the future.” 
“Not only that, no one takes care of Ms. Carrie either…” 
Carrie. 
Bella felt a little uneasy when she thought of the cute, autistic girl. 
“The chairman is too busy, Shannon doesn’t care about Carrie, and Bethany bullies her all the time. The injuries on Carrie’s body are all caused by Bethany!” 
Wilma almost burst into tears. “The young master is busy with work and is seldom at home, so no one can protect Ms. Carrie. Although I feel sorry for her, I’m just a servant in the house, and Bethany is the master. I can’t say much.” 
After Bella heard this, her charming eyes turned bloodshot, and she clenched her fists fiercely.
###chapter170
Bella thought, ‘Bethany, you’re a monster for bullying your sister!’ 
“Wilma, I understand your worries, but I’m no longer married to Mr. Salvador. I am just an outsider and have no right to interfere with his family matters.” Bella was angry when she heard what Bethany did to Carrie, but she had no choice but to step away. 
“I know… But who else can I count on besides you? Who else can I talk to?” Wilma was about 
to cry. 
“Wilma, please don’t cry.” 
Bella felt uncomfortable when she heard Wilma’s sobbing voice over the phone. So she comforted Wilma and said, “You’ll have to take care of Carrie. If I find an opportunity, I will definitely try my best to help her.” 
“Thank you, Young Madam!” Wilma was grateful to her and hung up reluctantly. 
Bella looked at the dimmed screen and sighed quietly. 
“Is that the old nanny in the Salvadors’ residence that you often talked about before?” Asher took a sip of tea and asked with concern. 
“Yeah, she has taken care of Justin since he was little. She’s an honest and kind-hearted woman. She was also very nice to me when I was living with the Salvadors.” 
Bella was like this. If someone offended her, she would retaliate. If someone treated her well, 
she would remember their kindness forever.
“It seems like Wilma is in a difficult position if she actually called you to complain.” 
“It’s about Carrie Salvador, Justin’s youngest sister.” 
Bella’s heart ached again when she thought of that innocent and clueless girl. “She’s autistic, withdrawn, and introverted. Although she’s Gregory and Shannon’s daughter, they don’t pay attention to her. When I was staying with them, I could still protect her from Bethany, who showed some restraint back then. Now that I’m no longer there to protect Carrie, Bethany is getting more unscrupulous.” 
“Although what’s happening to Carrie sounds pitiful, this is the Salvador family’s affairs.” 
Asher sighed helplessly. His clear eyes were full of worry for his sister. “You and Justin are divorced, so it’s better to remove yourself from his family matters.” 
“I know what to do. By the way, why did you come here? Aren’t you busy at the headquarters? Do you miss me?” Bella walked around behind Asher and naturally put her arms around his 
neck. 
“Of course, I miss you. But I came because I received this early in the morning, and I think I should discuss it with you.’ 
Asher smiled gently, took out an invitation from his jacket, and handed it to her. 
“This is…” Bella was stunned. 
“Gregory Salvador’s secretary personally delivered Old Master Nigel’s birthday invitation to 
me.” His tone was a bit skeptical, even as he smiled. 
“Hah! I guess I got you involved after all.”
Bella sneered and saw through their schemes. “The Salvador family and the Thompson family have always been at odds with each other. We’re well-known business rivals and haven’t had any contact for so many years. Why did Gregory invite you to Grandpa Nigel’s birthday party this time? It’s clear that Gregory didn’t do this. I’m afraid he’s coerced by his wife.” 
Asher touched his chiseled jaw and said, “Bella, since they have bad intentions. I’m afraid that something will happen at the party.” 
“We’ll deal with it when the time comes. I’m not even scared of Justin, so why should I be afraid of Shannon, the outdated D-list celebrity?” 
Bella sat next to Asher and smiled smugly. “I know how to deal with her. If she wants to play dirty, I’ll just let her be. Asher, I’ll tear this invitation up for you. Just pretend you haven’t seen it and don’t go.” 
“No, I decided to go,” Asher said with determination. 
“What?!” 
“Bella, we have never been afraid of a challenge. We’re unyielding and should face our problems head- on.” 
Asher’s gentle eyes were filled with distress. He placed his big palm on the back of Bella’s neck and gently rubbed it. “I didn’t know about the grievances you suffered in the past and failed to protect you. Now that you’re back with us, I won’t let you suffer anymore.” 
“Ash…” Bella’s beautiful eyes were filled with tears as she felt touched. 
Asher sighed and hugged his sister. “Something unexpected might happen at the birthday banquet. If you go alone, you may be bullied by them, so I don’t want you to be in that kind of situation anymore.”
Bella rubbed her eyes and felt a surge of warmth in her heart. 
She had never lacked love. 
She was just so obsessed with making Justin fall in love with her that she got herself into this mess.
###chapter171
Bella knew that it was a risk trying to make Justin fall in love with her. She had already shed tears for Justin, and it was time for her to let go. 
* 
Time flew by. 
In the blink of an eye, it was Old Master Nigel’s birthday. 
Everyone in the Salvador family viewed this as the most important event because it was Nigel’s 80th birthday. Gregory spent hundreds of millions of dollars to buy a large European- style mansion as a birthday gift for his father. That was where the banquet would be held. 
The guests who attended Nigel’s birthday banquet were all prominent figures in Savrow’s upper class. Most of them were tycoons, and some of them were Nigel’s old friends from the Calligraphy and Painting Association, all of whom were famous artists in the country. 
For this banquet, Rosalind and Bethany started choosing their dresses and doing their beauty regimen a week in advance. 
The way they tried to outshine other women felt less like Nigel’s birthday celebration and more like their own wedding. 
Unfortunately, they never expected the venue to be in the new mansion, so their ballroom gowns seemed too extravagant for the occasion. 
“Bethany, what are you giving Grandpa Nigel?” Rosalind asked curiously.
“I 
gave Grandpa an antique vase. He likes antique porcelain, so he’ll definitely like the gift that 
I prepared!” Bethany fiddled with her newly purchased pink diamond ring with a proud look on her face. 
“Oh, from which century?” 
“From the late 19th century.” 
“Oh, is it appropriate to give Grandpa an antique from such a recent year?” 
Rosalind pretended to be innocent and blinked her carefully drawn eyes. “Justin bought a pair of porcelain teacups from the 18th century at a charity auction that cost $40 million. He said he wanted to give it to Grandpa as a gift, so wouldn’t his gift outshine yours?” 
Seeing that she was being slighted, Bethany glared at Rosalind angrily. “Justin is the president of Salvador Corporation, so naturally, his gift must be more expensive than ours since he represents the whole family.” 
“Oh, right. My husband is amazing!” Rosalind sighed with pride. 
“Besides, I’m Grandpa’s favorite granddaughter, so he will like whatever I give him.” 
Bethany looked at her coldly. “Rose, what gift are you planning to give Grandpa?” 
“I bought a Renaissance treasure for $10 million at an auction. You’ll find out in a moment.” Rosalind smiled mysteriously. 
Bethany thought, “Ten million?! How did this bitch still have so much money?! Didn’t Mom 
say that her family was going bankrupt?’
Sure enough, there were benefits to being Justin’s woman. Rosalind had not even married Justin yet, but she was already spending his money lavishly. 
The more Bethany thought about it, the more upset she became. Thus, she wanted to stir the pot. She pursed her lips and said, “Rose, I’m really worried about you today. Grandpa likes my ex-sister-in-law so much, so he’ll definitely invite her. What will you do if she comes? Won’t it be embarrassing for you two to meet like this?” 
“Why would it be embarrassing? I’m Justin’s fiancée. She’s the one who should be embarrassed!” Rosalind’s eyes were slightly red because she was a little anxious. 
“But Anna and Justin have yet to finalize the divorce. Although it will only be a matter of time, her status seems more legitimate than yours today.” 
Bethany snickered in her heart, feeling relieved when she saw Rosalind’s irritable look. “If Grandpa introduces her as his granddaughter-in-law, what will that make you, Rose?” 
Rosalind’s face turned pale. Her heart was filled with resentment. 
“Don’t worry, Rose.’ 
Bethany shrugged her shoulders and turned around to see Shannon walking toward them with a glass of red wine in hand. 
“Aunt Shannon!” Rosalind hurriedly took Shannon’s arm and leaned on her shoulder. 
Bethany never cared about this before, but today she felt annoyed seeing Rosalind being so close to her mother. 
Bethany thought, ‘She’s my mother, not yours! You’re so shameless to steal my mother!’
Shannon patted Rosalind’s arm. Her eyes were cold as she said, “Rose, don’t be afraid. Although your mother isn’t here today, I’ll support you. Anna won’t be able to cause any trouble tonight!”
###chapter172
“Aunt Shannon, it’s so great to have you around.” Rosalind was so grateful that she almost teared up. 
Suddenly, there were whispers all around the venue. The ladies in the hall looked toward the door in unison. 
Justin and Ryan were seen walking side by side under everyone’s gaze. 
Everyone’s attention was on the attractive duo. If either of them joined showbiz, they would rise to the top in an instant just with their good looks. 
Both of them were in suits and leather shoes. The difference was that Justin wore a black suit, looking cold and intimidating, while Ryan wore a white suit, which was elegant and clean. 
“OMG! Mr. Salvador and Mr. Hoffman are so handsome!” 
“I can’t believe I’m seeing both of them side by side today! I can die without regrets!” “Look at Mr. Salvador’s incredibly long legs and his handsome face! He looks like he just walked out of an anime! He’s perfect!” 
“Mr. Hoffman’s devilish smile really hooks my soul. I love it so much!” 
Rosalind glanced at Bethany, who was staring at Ryan, and chuckled softly. “Bethany, look at how popular Mr. Hoffman is. When will you be able to tie him down? I remember that you’ve had a crush on him for many years.” 
“There’s no rush! Good things come to those who wait. Mr. Hoffman will be mine sooner or later!” Bethany muttered angrily.
“But look at the way those women look at Mr. Hoffman. They’re like starving wolves staring at fresh meat. I’m afraid you’ll miss out on him if you wait any longer. What are you still waiting for?” 
When Bethany heard this, she clenched her teeth until her back molars hurt. 
Bethany thought, ‘I want to be Ryan’s wife, of course! But I’m so embarrassed to show my face in front of him after he humiliated me that day. Even so, I won’t give up on Ryan. Otherwise, Rosalind will laugh at me!’ 
Seeing Justin and Ryan walking this way, Rosalind focused her attention on Justin. Just as she was about to walk toward him impatiently, everyone turned toward the door again. 
Under the dazzling light and the glow of the sunset, a beautiful and graceful figure appeared at the entrance. 
This picturesque beauty was the thorn in Rosalind’s side-Anna Brown. 
“Anna is so gorgeous!” Ryan stared at her and muttered to himself dreamily. 
Justin’s pupils darkened, and his breathing became heavier. His heart was pumping restlessly. 
“Oh, my! Who is that elegant woman? She’s so regal!” 
“If I’m not mistaken, she’s wearing the work of Master Febb from the century-old brand, Helix Couture. It’s such an honor to be able to ask Master Febb to make her a dress!” 
“It’s not just the dress. She needs to wear it well too. This lady has highlighted this dress so wonderfully that she deserves to be the spokesperson of Helix Couture!” 
The praises echoed throughout the hall.
Bella did not wear a cookie-cutter evening dress. Instead, she wore a custom-made high- neckline and slim-fitting pale azure dress with a simple landscape embroidery. 
She looked so unique in that dress, completely outshining Rosalind and Bethany. 
“Damn it! Why didn’t I think of wearing a dress like that?!” Bethany was itching with hatred. Shannon also had a dark expression on her face. 
Shannon had also worn an expensive slim-fitting high-neckline dress. She was proud of her slim figure. Thus, she wanted to show off her body in a dress like that. Unexpectedly, her efforts were overshadowed by Anna, the bumpkin. That was why Shannon was upset. 
After all, Shannon could not compare to Anna’s youth and figure. No matter how Shannon dressed herself up, she was still a dull old thing of the past. How embarrassing!
###chapter173
At this moment, Rosalind noticed how Justin’s eyes had not left Anna since she walked in. 
Rosalind’s eyes were filled with resentment and uneasiness as vicious thoughts brewed in her heart. 
“Anna!” Ryan’s eyes curved as he smiled and waved to her. 
Bella nodded slightly and smiled back at him. 
When Bethany saw Ryan being so friendly toward Anna, she became so jealous that she felt sick. 
Just as Bella was about to walk past Justin indifferently, Justin suddenly reached out and held her slender arm. 
“Where are you going?” 
“Away from you, Mr. Salvador.” Bella slowly pulled her arm away with a fake smile on her face. 
Justin was frustrated. He was about to speak when Shannon walked over with Rosalind on her 
arm. 
“Anna, I’m so happy that you can make it. I thought you wouldn’t come.” 
All eyes were focused on them, speculating about the relationship between the elegant beauty and the Salvador family. 
“Mrs. Salvador, you’re worrying too much. Why won’t I come? Grandpa has been looking forward to celebrating his birthday with me and Justin.” Bella smiled brightly and calmly. 
Justin’s eyes darkened.
The guests looked at Rosalind strangely. 
“Ms. Gold and Mr. Salvador’s public announcement of their marriage caused such a stir back then. Although Mr. Salvador hasn’t come forward to officially express his stance, everyone in Savrow knows that Ms. Gold is Mr. Salvador’s fiancée. Why does it seem like this young lady is Mr. Salvador’s actual wife, while Ms. Gold is the third party who can’t be seen in public?” 
“Right. Just look at that young lady’s temperament. She looks so regal and beautiful. Where is she from?!” 
“She’s even more beautiful than Ms. Gold. When she stands next to Mr. Salvador, they’re a match made in heaven!” 
Rosalind’s face turned gloomy. ‘Is this bitch trying to steal my limelight?! By saying this, isn’t she telling everyone that she has a special relationship with Justin and that she’s very close to Grandpa Nigel? What about me? What does that make me? I’m Justin’s fiancée!’ 
“Anna, we all know that you have a good relationship with Grandpa.” 
Shannon smiled amicably, but she was brewing something sinister in her heart. “Where’s Mr. Thompson from KS Group? Why didn’t he come with you? Greg has sent an invitation to him.” 
As soon as she said this, everyone was shocked. 
Mr. Thompson from KS Group? Did she mean Asher Thompson?! 
Everyone thought that the Salvadors and the Thompsons were old enemies who would never contact each other. How was it possible for Asher Thompson to attend Old Master Nigel’s birthday party? 
Justin realized that Shannon was trying to embarrass Anna, so his eyes turned gloomy.
Just as he was about to react, Bella said calmly, “Mrs. Salvador, why would I come with Mr. Thompson?” 
“Because he’s your boyfriend, of course. 
Shannon’s red lips curled up slyly as she introduced Anna. “Come, let me introduce you to everyone. This is Ms. Anna Brown, Justin’s ex-wife. But now she’s the girlfriend of KS Group’s CEO, Mr. Asher Thompson.”
###chapter174
The whole venue fell silent for a moment before there was an uproar. 
The guests thought they were just here for a birthday party and did not expect to hear such explosive news. 
Bella’s charming eyes suddenly turned cold, but her expression did not change. 
That was because everything was under her control. 
Ryan, on the other hand, broke out in a cold sweat and quickly chased after Bella. 
Ryan’s tall and strong build towered over her as he called out to her worriedly, “Anna…” 
Bella looked back at him. Her eyes curved like little crescents as she smiled beautifully. “It’s okay.” 
Ryan’s heart trembled again. 
Who could resist this charming smile? 
“Aunt Shannon, it’s Grandpa’s birthday banquet today. Please don’t say anything unnecessary to disrupt everyone’s mood. What’s more, this is my private matter.” Justin’s eyes were cold and filled with resentment. 
“Justin, I hope you don’t mind. I didn’t think it through before speaking.” 
Shannon pretended to be ashamed and smiled. “Well, since none of the guests here today know Anna, I thought of introducing her to everyone. Even if she leaves you, she used to be my daughter-in-law. Even if she comes from a poor family in the countryside, I don’t want others to look down on her.”
She made it sound like she was being considerate for Anna’s sake. 
The guests whispered and looked at Bella with complicated eyes. 
Rosalind and Bethany felt happy. 
This not only told everyone that Anna was no longer a member of the Salvador family, but it also confirmed her relationship with Asher Thompson. 
Rosalind thought, “That bitch Anna won’t have a chance to seduce Justin again!’ 
“Thank you for thinking about me, Mrs. Salvador.” 
Bella smiled calmly and proudly, like a blooming red rose. “I think that no one would look down on me even if I had never married Justin. Should I be looked down upon just because I come from a poor rural family?” 
Justin pursed his thin lips and said nothing. However, he looked at his ex-wife with a hint of anger. 
He thought, ‘Anna, have you never felt the slightest sense of superiority since you married me?’ 
Bella’s words were neither humble nor arrogant, but they resonated with some of the guests around her. 
“That’s right. What’s wrong with coming from a poor family in the countryside? My grandfather was a farmer, but he’s a billionaire now.’ 
“Mrs. Salvador is being too condescending.” 
“Mrs. Salvador isn’t much better herself. I remember she used to be a D-list celebrity. I think she’s worse than a farmer!”
Shannon gritted her teeth. Her face turned red with embarrassment. 
She did not expect Anna to resolve this identity reveal so effortlessly. 
“Well said! What’s wrong with country girls? I like simple and unpretentious women.” Ryan was happy to hear this and chuckled in Bella’s ear. 
Bella was speechless and thought, ‘Should I thank him?” 
Justin watched the intimate interaction between Anna and Ryan with a dark rage burning in his chest. 
“Justin!” 
Rosalind walked up to him with a smile and naturally held his arm. “Don’t think too much about it. Aunt Shannon is just thinking of Ms. Brown. Ms. Brown won’t feel so awkward anymore if some things are made public knowledge, don’t you think?” 
Justin’s expression was unreadable. His arm that she was holding became a little stiff. 
Everyone looked confused again. 
“I guess Ms. Brown’s identity is a bit awkward. Since she has divorced Mr. Salvador, she really shouldn’t show up at Old Master Nigel’s birthday party. Isn’t she just asking for trouble?” 
“Didn’t you hear just now? Old Master Nigel specially invited her to attend. Although she divorced Justin, it shows that she still has a place in Old Master Nigel’s heart.” 
“I don’t think that’s the case. I think she’s here to cause trouble. She probably doesn’t want to divorce an outstanding man like Justin. That’s why she said that!”
“Anna, don’t listen to their gossip. What do they know? You’re not that kind of Ryan’s eyes turned sharp, as if he wanted to pluck out those people’s tongues. 
person.” 
“I don’t care what other people say about me.” Bella laughed it off, looking magnanimous. 
Just when Rosalind thought she had regained victory, a resounding voice pierced the air. 
“I want to see who dares put my dear Anna in an awkward situation!” 
Nigel wore a white tuxedo and walked out with the support of his son Gregory and secretary 
Matt. 
He was not in a wheelchair today, and his white hair was meticulously combed back. His face was rosy, and his back was straight. He did not look-sick, like he had been battling with a disease for many years. 
“Grandpa!” Bella smiled happily when she saw how healthy Nigel looked. 
Shannon hurriedly winked at Rosalind. She put on a gentle smile and walked to Nigel. “Dad, it’s your birthday today. It’s rare for our family to get together like this.”
###chapter175
Shannon said, “Rose, as Justin’s future wife, why don’t you come over and help Grandpa?” 
“Grandpa, let me help you.” Rosalind smiled demurely. 
Just as she stepped forward, Nigel looked at Justin and Bella with a smile. 
“Justin, Anna, I want you two to help me.” 
After saying that, he rolled his eyes at Gregory and said, “I get annoyed when I see you. I prefer these youngsters because they make me feel younger.” 
Gregory smiled bitterly and had no choice but to let go of his father. 
Rosalind stopped walking, and her face flushed with embarrassment. She did not know what she should do. 
She had a wry smile on her face as she secretly cursed Nigel in her heart. ‘You old geezer! Why aren’t you dead yet?!’ 
Bella’s beautiful eyes narrowed slightly. She subconsciously looked at Justin. 
Justin also turned to look at her, meeting her gaze. 
Bella immediately turned away without a care, leaving him with her inhumanly beautiful side profile. 
Justin was in a trance. He pursed his thin lips, looked away, and walked next to Nigel. 
Everyone looked at each other. 
Old Master Salvador’s attitude toward Ms. Gold was clearly disapproving.
Shannon was so angry that her eyes turned red. Nigel not only embarrassed Rosalind in front of everyone, but he also disregarded her, the dignified wife of Salvador Corporation’s chairman. 
However, she had no choice but to force a smile. After all, that dying old man was the most powerful person in the Salvador family. He still had shares in Salvador Corporation, and his words were like the law in the Salvador family. Thus, Shannon did not dare to be reckless. 
“Grandpa, your complexion is getting better, and you’re getting stronger. It’s amazing!” Bella stepped forward to support Nigel. Her smile was genuine and kind. 
“I’m in a good mood when I get to see you, Anna. If I keep this up, I will probably be cured!” 
Nigel sized up Bella and nodded with satisfaction. “It looks great on you. I knew I had great taste. You look stunning in this dress that I prepared for you, Anna! You look much better than those scantily dressed women.” 
Justin was dumbfounded. It turned out that his grandfather had given Anna this dress. 
All the guests understood the situation at this time. Their eyes were judgmental when they looked at Rosalind. 
They figured that Old Master Nigel only liked Anna and did not like Rosalind at all. 
Even though Anna and Justin were divorced, Old Master Nigel still recognized Anna as his 
family. 
Rosalind felt overwhelmed by the complex glances from all directions. She felt humiliated. 
“Dad, since everyone is here, let’s take a family photo first.”
Shannon knew that Nigel liked to take pictures, so she led Rosalind forward and said to Bella, Anna, do you mind taking a picture for us?” 
“Of course, I don’t mind.” Bella smiled brightly. 
“Anna is my distinguished guest and relative, so she needs to be in the picture too. Anna, come here! Stand next to Grandpa.” 
Nigel looked at Shannon with disgust. “Whoever makes Anna unhappy today will get a taste of my wrath!” 
Shannon bit her lip and looked at Gregory for help. 
Gregory could not bear to let his father scold his beloved wife in front of so many people, so he persuaded his father in a low voice. “Dad, I know you like Anna, but Anna and Justin are divorced. It’s not suitable for her to be in our family photos.” 
“So what if they’re divorced?!” 
Nigel raised his thick eyebrows. “I will recognize her as my granddaughter after the divorce. Anyway, she will always be a member of our family!” 
When Bella saw Nigel defending herself like this, she felt a surge of warmth in her heart, and her eyes became teary. 
This was the reason why she could not cut off ties with the Salvador family. She really could not let go of Nigel. 
Rosalind was so angry that her eyes turned dark. 
Everyone was in disbelief.
What kind of magic did this beautiful Ms. Brown have to make Old Master Nigel dote on her so much? 
“Grandpa.” 
Justin felt very uncomfortable when he heard that his grandfather wanted to recognize Anna as his granddaughter. “Don’t embarrass Anna. Although you have this idea, she may not be willing to take you as her grandfather.” 
“Hmph! I don’t think it’s Anna who’s unwilling. You’re unwilling, right?” 
Nigel glared at Justin in disapproval. “Look at how resentful you look when you hear that I’m 
face!” taking Anna in as my granddaughter. Wipe that look off your 
Bella was speechless. 
Justin’s stunningly handsome face stiffened. Compared with Anna, his status as Nigel’s grandson was like garbage. 
Just when Bella was in a dilemma, a clear and alluring male voice came from the entrance. “Thank you for your kindness toward Anna, Old Master Nigel. Since Anna and Justin are divorced, I’m afraid it’s inappropriate for her to be your granddaughter.”
###chapter176
Everyone turned around in the direction of that pleasant voice. 
They were shocked to see who had arrived. 
Asher walked into the lobby gracefully with a slight smile, followed by Steven. 
Bella’s eyes lit up. She was so happy to see him that she almost could not stop herself from greeting him. 
Justin’s heart shrank. His already cold eyes suddenly turned to ice. 
In a daze, Bella felt a chill around her, as if she were standing next to an iceberg. 
She subconsciously glanced at Justin and saw the man’s extremely gloomy and handsome face. His eyes were dark and scary, as if a storm was brewing. 
“Old Master Nigel, I’m sorry for being late.” Asher bowed to Nigel politely. 
Asher looked different today. He wore a perfectly tailored, light-colored suit that made him look like a cultured gentleman. 
The women around him were once again enchanted. 
They were thinking about who-among Justin, Asher, and Ryan-they wanted to grace them with their presence in their dreams tonight. 
“It’s alright. I’m just glad that you can make it to my birthday party, Asher.” Nigel smiled amiably. He did not treat Asher less favorably just because he was Wyatt Thompson’s son.
Bella secretly breathed a sigh of relief. 
She thought that Nigel would mind having Asher there, but she realized that she was overthinking it. 
“Anna, come here.” Asher smiled gently and stretched out his hand to his sister. 
Seeing Asher appear out of nowhere, Shannon and Rosalind looked at each other and smiled in triumph. 
What they wanted to see was how two wealthy young men fought over Anna. In the end, everyone would think that Anna was a cheater, and Nigel would be able to see her true nature, killing two birds with one stone! 
“Okay.” 
As a result, Bella did not hesitate to walk toward Asher briskly. 
Shannon and Rosalind were stunned. 
When Ryan saw his crush returning to her rightful place next to her supposed boyfriend, he felt sad and jealous. 
Was this what being a mistress felt like? It was so painful to endure! 
Justin’s shoulders trembled under his suit. His eyes widened, and he raised his arms slightly before he clenched his fists. 
He did not know what he was trying to grab. 
An unexplainable bitterness spread throughout his throat. 
“Huh? Anna, when did you meet Asher? You two seem to be pretty good friends.” Nigel was confused.
“Dad, you don’t know yet, right? Anna is now…” 
Shannon was just about to add fuel to the fire when Asher spoke first. 
“Old Master Nigel, thank you for taking care of Anna over the past three years. Anna talks about you often in front of me and has always regarded you as a respected elder. Anna and I will forever remember your kindness to her.” 
Asher’s strong arms gently wrapped around Bella’s slim waist. Everyone was shocked to see this. 
Standing together, Asher and Anna looked like they had just stepped out of a painting. They looked like a match made in heaven. 
Justin clenched his fists tightly. He felt like the blood in his body had coagulated. 
“But from now on, my family and I will take good care of Anna. Although she will no longer be a member of the Salvador family, her relationship with you will never change.” 
Asher smiled politely. “You will always be Anna’s most beloved grandpa.” 
Asher was courteous and graceful. No one could pick a fault with him. 
“Oh!” 
Nigel suddenly understood and looked at Bella in shock. “Anna, are you and Asher…”
###chapter177
1 
“Dad, Anna is in a relationship with Mr. Thompson.” Gregory lowered his voice and added, ” Since Anna is in a new relationship, please don’t try to set her up with Justin. Love can’t be forced.” 
“I agree, Dad.” Shannon also took advantage of the situation and chimed in. “Mr. Thompson picked Anna up from the manor as soon as Justin divorced her. It shows that the two of them have been together for a while now.” 
“Really?” Nigel glared at Shannon. 
“Yeah. Otherwise, how could they have progressed so fast? That’s why I always told you not to worry about the children. What’s the point of a marriage if they can’t stay together? It’s better to let them go and find their own happiness. You don’t have to worry about Anna in the future. The Thompson family is not inferior to ours at all.” Shannon spoke in a soft voice. Her smile hid her devious schemes. 
‘Anna, I want to see how you can still pretend to be so pure and innocent in front of Nigel!’ Bella pursed her red lips tightly and lowered her eyelashes sadly. 
She had long been prepared for such a day and was ready to accept Nigel’s resentment. 
“Grandpa, please don’t blame Anna.” 
Justin stood up for Anna unexpectedly. He looked at her and said, “She doesn’t owe me anything. I give her my blessing to be with Mr. Thompson.” 
He almost seethed out the word “blessing”.
Bella was stunned to hear this. 
In her impression, Justin was an arrogant man. 
If it had been before, she would have been overjoyed. 
However, at this moment, she just curled her lips in contempt and felt annoyed. 
“Nonsense! So what if you don’t give them your blessing?! I asked you to reconcile with Anna, but can you do that?” 
Nigel angrily slapped Justin’s arm. “Is it Anna’s fault for wanting to be with someone else? Isn’t it all your fault?! You’re not as lucky as Asher to get such a good wife!” 
Everyone was shocked to hear this. 
Shannon and Rosalind’s faces were so pale that even their delicate makeup could not brighten them. 
At this moment, they realized one thing. 
It was simply impossible to paint Anna as the bad guy in front of Nigel. This old man liked Anna so much that he wished he could marry her! 
Justin’s chest felt stuffy when he was scolded again. However, he said blankly, “It’s good that you’re not upset with her.” 
“Hah! Why should I be upset at Anna? I only want the best for her! Anna, Asher, come with me.” 
The Thompson siblings looked at each other and obediently walked over to the old man. “Grandpa, I’m sorry for hiding this from you…” Bella pursed her lips pitifully.
“It’s okay. I don’t care about this. I just want you to be happy!” 
Nigel looked at her lovingly before he looked at Asher sternly. “Asher, you’re a person of stature, and you have many siblings. You must promise me that you will protect Anna in the future. Don’t let her suffer one bit when she marries you. Otherwise, I won’t care if you’re a Thompson. I will personally stand up for Anna and seek justice!” 
Asher looked at his sister intriguingly. He recalled the times when Bella was younger. She would ride on Axel’s back, treating him like a horse. There was also a time when Bella painted Drew’s face. He could not help but smile and say, “Okay. I promise that I will take good care of her.” 
Although Nigel was old, he was not blind. 
He could see the affection in Asher’s eyes, so he sighed with relief and said reluctantly, “I’ll count on you to take care of Anna now. I hope that you can give her whatever my grandson couldn’t and love her forever.” 
In an instant, Justin’s face suddenly turned pale, as if he had been struck by lightning. 
“I will,” Asher responded with confidence. 
Justin took a deep breath and stared at the woman standing next to Asher. She used to be his wife. 
He felt as if his soul had been briefly pulled out of his body. His eyes suddenly turned red.
###chapter178
The sense of shame overwhelmed Justin. 
Ryan saw this and felt jealous. ‘How should I defeat such a strong love rival? I can only wait. anxiously!’ 
Bella was touched by Nigel’s words. Her long eyelashes trembled as she said softly, “Grandpa 
“Alright. Dad, it’s your birthday today, so let’s not talk about such sad things.” 
Gregory hurriedly stepped forward and said with a smile, “Let’s take a look at the birthday gifts the children have prepared for you, alright? We’ll start the banquet after opening the gifts. Let’s not keep the guests waiting.” 
“Oh, right! Let’s open presents!” Nigel rubbed his hands excitedly, looking like an old baby. 
This old man was just too adorable. 
Ryan and other guests who were close to the Salvador family presented their gifts. Nigel nodded his thanks and accepted them all with a smile. 
“Grandpa!” 
Ryan stood in front of Nigel, bowed like a gentleman, and said with a bright smile, “Justin is my best friend, so his grandfather is my grandfather. I hope that you will stay healthy and happy for as long as the earth spins!” 
“Good boy. Thank you, son!” Nigel grinned from ear to ear. 
“Grandpa, happy birthday!”
Bethany showed up and walked over shyly. She took the opportunity to stand next to Ryan and insisted on being seen with him. “I know you like antiques, so this is my gift to you!” 
As she spoke, she deliberately leaned to the side to get closer to Ryan. 
As a result, Ryan did not even look at her, and he stepped out of the way. 
Bethany almost fell from losing her balance. It took her a while before she could stand still. 
There were faint snickers around her. How embarrassing! 
Bethany was so embarrassed that she almost cried. In her heart, she cursed everyone who laughed at her. 
At this time, the servant brought up the 19th-century vase that she had prepared. Nigel smiled and nodded. “Good, good! Thank you, Beth.” 
The corners of Bethany’s curled up smugly. 
“Mr. Salvador, this is Ms. Carrie’s gift to you. Please take a look at it.” 
At this time, Nigel’s secretary, Matt, came over with a white roll of paper in his hand. A neat red bow was tied in the middle to keep the paper from unraveling. 
“Oh, this is Carrie’s gift? Come, bring it to me!” 
Nigel took the scroll and unrolled it. He was startled at first, then he burst out laughing.” Hahaha! Is this me? Well done! What a talented girl! Haha!” 
Everyone gathered around to find out why the old man was laughing like that. 
Bethany was frozen. Her moment in the spotlight had only lasted for three seconds.
On the white drawing paper was a drawing of an old man laughing. Every wrinkle was drawn with such fine detail. 
In the corner was a line of words. “Happy birthday, Grandpa! I hope that you will laugh like this every day. From, Carrie.” 
“Look at what Carrie drew! Doesn’t it look like me? Carrie is so talented!” Nigel praised his granddaughter repeatedly with pride. 
“Carrie is indeed a good artist.” Ryan thought of the cute girl with a soft smile. 
This smile made Bethany’s face stiffen. Her chest felt stuffy and sour with jealousy. 
“Although Carrie is still a novice in art, given time, she will definitely make a name for herself in the art industry.” Justin nodded lightly. 
“Grandpa, Carrie is very talented at painting. She has always wanted to apply to the Academy of Fine Arts.” 
Bella took the opportunity to express Carrie’s feelings. “Look, even Justin, who never praises others, agrees that Carrie has great potential in this field. Why not let her study art? I think that she will be a talented and beautiful artist in five years. She will bring honor to the family.” 
Justin frowned. He felt like Anna was slanting him. ‘Am I that mean to never praise anyone?’ 
“What’s going on? Don’t you two care about your daughter? You should cultivate Carrie’s outstanding talents!” 
At the mention of his youngest granddaughter, Nigel looked in the distance. His eyes were full of pity. “Carrie is different from other ordinary children. You all know her condition, so as her parents, you two
should spend more time taking care of her!”
###chapter179
“Yes, Dad, we will…” Gregory and Shannon could only agree with a smile. 
“I like this gift so much. Where is Carrie? Come here and let Grandpa hug you!” Nigel asked with a kind smile. 
“Ms. Carrie said she’s not feeling well, so she’s upstairs. She will come to see you later.” Matt replied promptly. 
“Oh, that child…” 
Nigel sighed in distress. “Matt, get this drawing framed and hang it in my study so that I can see it all the time.” 
Matt nodded and put the drawing away carefully. 
Seeing that her grandfather valued Carrie’s gift so much, Bethany almost burst out in anger. Her eyes turned red with hatred. 
Bethany thought that her younger sister, who never had much allowance, would not be able to give any decent gifts and would definitely be embarrassed when it was time to present the gifts. 
As a result, Carrie actually found another way to show her affection for Nigel. The antique vase Bethany spent millions to buy was no better than a simple drawing from Carrie. 
Bethany thought, ‘Carrie! Just wait… I’ll kill you!’ 
On the other side, Rosalind was pacing back and forth in the corridor. She sent someone to get Shannon.
Shannon walked up to Rosalind with her arms crossed. Her expression was just as gloomy. 
“Aunt Shannon, what should we do?” 
Rosalind was so anxious that her cheeks were flushed. “Our methods can’t seem to shake Anna’s position in Grandpa’s heart. Not only that, their friendship has become even stronger!” 
“I didn’t expect it to be like this. The older Nigel gets, the weirder he becomes. He’s simply unreasonable!” 
Shannon narrowed her poisonous eyes and lowered her voice. “Rose, I think we need to use Plan B today.” 
“Right now?” Rosalind gritted her teeth. Her eyes were cold. 
“No, in a minute.” 
Shannon patted her shoulder and sneered. “There will be a distinguished guest coming soon. I have a way to make Anna a laughing stock and ruin her reputation!” 
Nigel continued to open presents. 
When Justin’s 18th-century porcelain teacups appeared, the guests were in awe. 
Many of Nigel’s friends were interested in appraising antiques, so they were eager to step 
forward and get a closer look at the porcelain. 
As a result, Nigel pettily hugged the box of teacups, fearing that these old men’s trembling hands would accidentally drop his treasure. 
“My sweet grandson gave this to me, so none of you can touch it!”
This made everyone laugh. Bella also covered her mouth and laughed. 
“Grandpa, this pair of teacups was donated by Madam Mila on behalf of KS Group at a charity auction. I saw how rare they were, so I bought them. I’m glad you like them.” Justin explained the origin of this gift because Asher was there. 
“Ah! That must be Wyatt Thompson’s private collection! Sigh… No one in Savrow can compare to him when it comes to collecting antiques!” Nigel sighed as he stroked the box. 
“My father will be pleased to know that his collection has become your favorite, Old Master Nigel.” Asher was gentle and elegant. His eyes were also smiling. 
Asher had this kind of charm. His calm demeanor and courteous attitude made him seem like a messenger of peace. No matter how contradictory the situation was, he could still build a friendship. 
“Grandpa, this is the birthday gift I prepared for you!” Rosalind’s sweet voice suddenly interrupted them. 
Everyone turned their focus on her, but their eyes were somewhat contemptuous. 
After all, everyone with a discerning eye could tell that Old Master Nigel did not like Rosalind. It would not be so easy for her to marry into the Salvador family. 
“Dad, Rose prepared the gift for you with great care. She knew that you like ancient paintings, so she specially bought an authentic Renaissance painting at the auction for your birthday.” Gregory introduced Rosalind’s gift with a smile. 
Gregory supported Rosalind because she was his wife’s niece. 
“Oh? An authentic Renaissance painting? That sounds interesting.” Nigel’s eyes lit up with interest.
Rosalind ordered someone to bring the painting over. The servants wore white gloves and carefully carried the framed painting in front of everyone. 
Several antique enthusiasts joined in. 
The next second, Nigel’s face darkened. He said blankly, “Thanks.” 
At this time, someone in the crowd questioned, “Is this really an authentic piece from the Renaissance? Could it be a fake?”
###chapter180
“What are you saying?!” Rosalind was furious. The smile on her face stiffened. “I bought this painting from the Hoffmans’ Auction House. How could it be a fake?!” 
She dragged the Hoffmans into the water with one sentence. 
Ryan could not help but sneer. “Ms. Gold, you rarely attend auctions, so you don’t know how they work, right? My family’s Platinum Auction House is the largest auction house in the country. The items we collect have been strictly screened and appraised. We don’t sell any fakes. If you don’t know the goods, don’t slander my family’s reputation.” 
Justin’s eyes darkened. 
He remembered Anna’s sly smile at that charity auction when she provoked Rosalind into buying the replica at ten times the market price. 
Did Anna already expect Rosalind to give this painting to Grandpa as a birthday gift? Was it a coincidence, or did Anna set a trap for Rosalind from the beginning? 
“Ms. Gold, fakes and replicas are two different things.” 
At this time, another expert appraiser came forward to speak for Ryan. “Although some paintings are replicas, they are indeed historical pieces. Many painters liked to copy paintings by famous Renaissance artists, but their works still hold significant historical value. It also takes superb skills to copy a painting. A top-quality replica can still be sold at a very high price. But the replica you bought is a little inferior. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have been able to see the difference at a glance.” 
“It can’t be a replica! How can it be a replica?! I spent $10 million to buy this from Platinum Auction House!” Rosalind blurted out in a panic.
Rosalind spent $10 million on a replica. How could she be so stupid? 
There were bursts of laughter all around. 
Bethany hid in the crowd and covered her mouth to prevent herself from laughing. 
This slap in the face came so quickly. 
“$10 million? This painting is only worth $1 million. Ms. Gold, I can only say that you’ve made a sizable donation at the charity auction if you’ve spent ten times the amount for this piece.” 
Rosalind’s head was pounding, and her eyes darkened. 
Even Shannon could not stand it any longer. She just felt embarrassed and turned away. She did not want to stand up for her niece, who proved to be a failure. 
“Forget it. No matter how much it’s worth, it’s still a gift from the heart. 
Although Nigel did not like Rosalind, he was an elder and did not care about the painting. He said calmly, “Matt, please keep the painting. 
“Anna! What do you have against me that you want to embarrass me like this?!” 
Suddenly, Rosalind turned to Bella, harshly accusing her. 
Bella was ridiculed and wronged the moment she stepped foot onto the venue. At this moment, she could not hold back any longer. 
Everyone was shocked and looked at Bella.
Bella frowned slightly and blinked her bright eyes innocently. “How did I embarrass you? Ms. Gold, where did this come from? I really don’t know what you are talking about.” 
Asher and Ryan were shocked to see this. 
Wow, was Bella fighting fire with fire? 
“You plotted against me! If it weren’t for you, why would I have spent $10 million to buy this replica? It’s all because of you!” 
Rosalind pointed at Bella’s innocent face and shouted in a hoarse voice, “I don’t know how to appraise paintings, and you must know that there is something wrong with this painting! But you still raised the price and tricked me into buying this painting! How could you do this?!” 
Justin pursed his thin and pale lips. He looked at Bella coldly. 
“Tricked you? What are you talking about? How did I trick you?” Bella blinked her bright eyes, looking like a frightened doe. 
Asher immediately stood up to defend his sister. He slighted Rosalind. “Ms. Gold, the auction. was held openly, and everyone can compete freely based on their financial capabilities. If you didn’t bid for the painting, how could Anna force you to buy it? Isn’t this your own doing?” “Anna saw that I wanted this painting, so she resorted to malicious competition! As long as I raised the paddle, she would follow suit. She raised the price from $1 million to $9 million! When I asked for $10 million, she suddenly stopped bidding. Isn’t this tricking me into buying a fake at a high price?!” Rosalind questioned her angrily. 
“Hey, let’s make it clear. It’s not a fake, but a replica. These are two different things!” Ryan could not help but interject.
###chapter181
Rosalind continued, “If she really wanted this painting, why didn’t she continue the bid? She didn’t actually want it. She just wanted to trick me!” 
Everyone’s eyes became complicated. 
“Did Ms. Brown secretly plot against Ms. Gold because she was unwilling to get a divorce with Mr. Salvador?” 
“I don’t think so. They’re already divorced. What’s the point of doing this? It’ll just make her seem petty.” 
“It’s not pointless. That’s Mr. Salvador we’re talking about. He’s perfect! It’ll be hard to get 
over him.” 
“She looks so elegant, but she’s such a scheming woman. She’s wasting her smarts on a man. What a pity!” 
The constant criticism about Anna made Rosalind happy. 
“Ms. Brown, did you really do this?” Gregory frowned and looked at Bella seriously. 
Nigel looked at Bella, also waiting for her answer. 
“Ms. Gold, you really misunderstood me.” 
Bella took a step forward. Her beautiful face was now aggrieved and pitiful. “I was the first to bid on this painting. You were the one who followed my bid. I really liked this painting, and I wanted to contribute
to charity, so I raised the bid from the beginning, hoping to get it. Mr. Salvador and Mr. Hoffman were also present at the time to testify for me.” 
Everyone thought, ‘Look at this reversal!’ 
“You…!” Rosalind was so furious that she did not know what to say at the moment. 
“I can testify for her!” 
Ryan stood up immediately to show his presence in front of his crush. “Ms. Brown was the one who made the first bid, and Ms. Gold followed it. This painting should have been Ms. Brown’s.”. 
Justin’s eyes were deep and cold as he glared at Ryan. ‘This bastard is everywhere!’ 
“My original intention was to take this painting for my own collection because I really like the original piece in Grandpa’s study. So even if it is a replica, I wanted it. After all, this painting reminds me of the days I spent with Grandpa.” 
Bella pursed her lips and lowered her long eyelashes helplessly. “But Ms. Gold looked like she wanted this painting at that time, so I withdrew from the bid after competing for several rounds. This is basic bidding etiquette, so I don’t understand how I’m at fault. Ms. Gold, the way you questioned me really hurt my heart. If you feel like you’ve spent unnecessary money, I can buy this painting from you to make up for your loss.” 
Look how the tables turnéd! 
Bella’s eyes were clear and watery. Her superb acting skills made it look even more convincing! 
Justin tilted his head slightly and let out a cold breath as he fixed his gaze on her. 
He just watched silently as she continued acting.
“You… That’s nonsense!” 
Rosalind’s face was red from embarrassment. Just as she was about to explode in anger, Shannon hurriedly walked over and pinched her secretly. Rosalind felt the pain and immediately returned to her senses. She almost exposed her true colors in public. 
“Haha… It’s all a misunderstanding. Dad, Rose doesn’t come out often and rarely participates in such occasions. She just buys what others buy. What matters is her intention to buy a gift for you.” 
Shannon raised her eyebrows and looked at Rosalind. “Your mother just called, saying that there’s something urgent at home. Please call her back soon. Don’t make her anxious. Go on!” 
Rosalind gritted her teeth and retreated dejectedly. 
Nigel frowned for a moment. He held Bella’s hand and said, “Anna, if you liked the painting in my study, you should’ve just told me. I’ll give it to you. So what if it’s an original Renaissance painting? Even if you want the Statue of David, Grandpa will find a way to get it for you! Grandpa will never be stingy with you, my dear.” 
“Thank you, Grandpa. Your love is more than enough. I don’t need anything else.” Bella squeezed Nigel’s hand and smiled sweetly. 
This time, everyone finally understood. 
Justin had already divorced Anna, but it looked like they had not completely cut off ties. Rosalind was definitely out of luck!
###chapter182
Finally, it was Bella’s turn to present her birthday gift. 
When the antique rosewood chair was brought up, the appraisers and antique enthusiasts in the venue were excited. 
“Good stuff! This is a top-notch treasure!” 
“Oh, my! I’m itching to touch it!” 
“Aside from the porcelain teacups, this chair is the most precious birthday gift that Old Master Nigel received today!” 
“Where is Ms. Brown from? She just gave out 17th-century antique furniture just like that?! It seems like Mr. Salvador’s ex-wife is a recluse tycoon!” 
Justin felt his heart shrink. His dark eyes were deep as he stared at his ex-wife. 
He did not expect Anna would be able to give Nigel something that the Thompson family bought at the charity auction. It was worth $100 million! 
This showed how much the Thompson family doted on her. 
Unexpectedly, Bella’s next words made Justin feel more suffocated. 
“Grandpa, this is a gift from me and Asher. May you be blessed with a lifetime of happiness and good health.” Bella wished Nigel a happy birthday with a cheerful voice and bright eyes. 
Asher bowed with his hands to his chest and said in a gentle voice, “Old Master Nigel, I wish you would be in the pink of health for as long as the moon and sun exist. Here’s to hoping all your wishes will
come true.” 
Bella and Asher looked so elegant and dignified standing side by side. 
They were a match made in heaven. 
Justin’s heart trembled violently. He subconsciously raised his hand to cover his heart. However, he removed his hand soon for fear of being discovered. 
“Oh, my dear child! This gift is too expensive!” 
Nigel was eternally grateful, but he nagged at her. “Anna, Grandpa will like whatever you give me, so there is no need to spend so much money on my gift. Asher, you’re really too kind!” 
Asher smiled and said, “Old Master Nigel, Anna and I only thought about making you happy when we prepared this gift.” 
“Oh, Grandpa, just keep it. Ms. Brown is using Mr. Thompson to give you such an expensive gift.” 
Bethany smiled coldly. “It’s definitely easier to tag along one’s name on a gift. That way, she won’t have to buy it, and she’ll still win praise from everyone. Ms. Brown, you’re such a shrewd and thrifty woman.” 
Bella curled her red lips and said calmly, “I won’t take advantage of Asher like this, so I also prepared a small gift for Grandpa. But it’s really nothing compared to Asher’s gift.” 
Bethany was shocked. ‘This bitch actually has a back-up gift?!’ 
“Oh? Anna, what else have you got for Grandpa? Come and show it to me!” Nigel immediately became interested again. 
Bella’s charming eyes shone with a mysterious light. Then she clapped her hands.
Soon, Steven, who was dressed formally, walked in with a glass box in hand. 
In the box was a magnificent landscape carved from the finest colored jade. The mountains and rocks were intricately detailed and pleasing to the eye. 
“Oh! It’s really amazing!” Everyone marveled. 
Justin and Ryan were also attracted by this exquisite carving. Only a pair of skillful hands could carve such a natural and intricate work. 
“Oh! This is…” 
Nigel’s eyes shone with excitement. He pointed at the jade carving with trembling hands.” Isn’t this Master Jayden’s ‘A Thousand Miles of Rivers and Mountains’?! Anna, where did you get this?!” 
Master Jayden was the late master sculptor who was internationally renowned for his rare works of art. 
finest-colored 
“Grandpa, you think too highly of me. I can’t possibly get Master Jayden’s art piece…” 
Bella scratched her head in embarrassment, and her cheeks blushed. “This is a replica that I made… ‘A Hundred Miles of Rivers and Mountains’. I carved it very carefully, but it’s still a far cry from Master Jayden’s work. This is just a poor attempt in honor of Master Jayden.” 
Everyone looked at this beautiful girl with surprise. 
Poor attempt? What a joke! 
Only a skilled carver could condense such details onto a piece of jade. This extremely detailed craftsmanship and technique made it easy for people to mistake it for Master Jayden’s work, especially
from a distance. 
Who was this girl? She had such hidden talents! Was she a hidden apprentice of Master Jayden? 
Everyone looked at Bella with wonder and admiration. 
Only Shannon and Bethany looked like they had swallowed a cockroach. ‘Anna is completely different since she left our family. She’s truly unstoppable!’ 
“Anna, my dear, you are Grandpa’s treasure!” Nigel was so happy that he did not want to let go of Bella’s hand. 
“To have a wife like this, what more could a man ask for?” Ryan looked at Bella and sighed dreamily. 
Justin could not help but glare at Ryan. ‘What wife? She’s not yours!’ 
He once again looked at Anna with red eyes. Everyone admired her like she was a goddess. However, Justin felt like he was growing more distant from her, even though he had been her husband for three years.
###chapter183
Justin was shocked, angry, and unwilling. 
He felt deceived by this woman again! 
The birthday banquet carried on smoothly. 
Bella wanted to go to the bathroom to touch up her makeup, so she left the table. 
Along the way, she recalled how Rosalind and Shannon tried to drag her down with such low- level and despicable methods. 
They really overestimated their abilities, thinking that they could bring Bella down so easily. 
Bella had already expected what they would use to attack her. It was a pity that they did not expect how much Nigel loved Bella. 
His love for Bella was a shield that could never be broken. 
Bella knew that if Asher attended the party, it would be inappropriate to only give the antique rosewood chair. Thus, Bella took out the jade carving she made half a month ago and presented it to Nigel. 
The reason she had such superb craftsmanship was that she grew up squatting in a pile of rocks, watching Uncle Tony work. 
Master Jayden could indirectly be considered her master. 
The corridor of the mansion was long and winding. Since it was Bella’s first time here, she got lost after a while.
At this time, a fat little tabby cat slipped past. 
“Where are you running to, little cutie?” 
Bella smiled playfully and chased the cat in the direction where it had escaped. 
She finally caught up with the cat, but her high heels accidentally got caught between the cobblestones. Thus, she stumbled forward two steps and almost fell on the steps in front of 
her. 
“Ah!” Bella screamed and closed her eyes tightly, bracing for the impact. 
Suddenly, a pair of strong arms wrapped around her slender waist from behind. 
The man’s grip was steady and reliable, so her panicked heart instantly calmed down. 
Soon after, the man picked Bella up and pulled her body against his hard chest. Bella was wearing a thin silk dress, so she could feel the contours of his sculpted pecs. 
“Meow!” 
The fat cat sitting on the rock wall cried out and disappeared in the blink of an eye. 
Bella slowly opened her eyes, but she did not dare to look back. She just opened her lips and exhaled softly. 
Justin could feel the sweat on her back as she was pressed against his warm chest. 
His stomach fluttered, and his desire surged. 
His heartbeat quickened uncontrollably.
“Let go of me!” Bella bit her lip and struggled in his arms. 
Justin’s clear black eyes were lustful, and his hands caressed her slim waistline before he finally let go of her. 
“Do you think I want to touch you? It’s only because you’re about to fall.” His expression was grim. 
“Hah! Don’t think that I’ll thank you.” 
Bella hurriedly held a pillar for support to stand firm and turned to look at him coldly. “I would rather fall flat on my face than let you take advantage of me.” 
In the glow of the sunset, Bella’s pretty face was very seductive. 
“Take advantage of you?” 
Justin’s breath hitched, and he smirked. “If I wanted to take advantage of you, would I have waited until now?” 
“Justin!” Bella’s almond-shaped eyes widened. 
“In the past, weren’t you the one who wanted to offer yourself to me?” 
Justin narrowed his eyes slightly with a hint of anger. “We’re divorced, but I haven’t lost my memory.” 
He was still vexed about how much his ex-wife had hidden from him. 
If he endured it any longer, he might get sick. 
Bella’s heart dropped. An overwhelming sense of shame spread all over her body. She scoffed. “So, what are you doing now? You didn’t know how to cherish what you had at your fingertips before. Are
you beginning to regret it now that you’ve lost it?” 
“Anna, you… 
“Mr. Salvador, you’ve missed the bus, so don’t you ever think that you can get what I used to offer you again.” 
Justin’s eyes suddenly turned red. He grabbed her thin wrists and pressed her soft body against the pillar.
###chapter184
“Ugh-!” 
Bella’s back hurt from being pressed against the pillar. She groaned and shouted, “Justin! What the hell are you doing?!” 
Justin was so angry that he squeezed her wrist with force, as if he was afraid that she would 
run away. 
Their breaths entangled as they met each other’s gazes. 
“You lied to me again, Anna… Anyone in my position would go crazy!” Justin’s eyes were locked on hers, and his voice was extremely hoarse. 
“Justin, what did I lie to you about?” 
Bella struggled hard. Her eyes suddenly turned red. “Everything you don’t know about me is because you have never cared enough to ask about me. If you had asked me, I would have told you. In the past three years, have you ever asked me about anything? Have you ever cared about me?!” 
Justin’s eyes trembled. His heart was thumping uncontrollably in his chest. 
you 
“Do 
know what I like to eat? Do you know what my hobbies are or what songs I like to listen to? Do you know where I like to go? I was your wife, and I knew everything about you, but you knew nothing about
me… Don’t you think that you’re ridiculous for not knowing anything about your wife now? But who caused all this? You did!” 
Bella’s eyes were like knives that stabbed Justin’s eyes. He was ashamed of his indifference over the years. Bella said resentfully, “Justin, in the past three years, I’ve been just like the book you left in the corner of the bookshelf, gathering dust. I hoped every day that you would take a look at me. If you had, I would have told you everything about me without any reservation. But I waited for three years, and what awaited me was your abandonment.” 
Justin thought, ‘Abandonment? Did I abandon her?’ 
Justin’s long eyelashes were trembling. His beautiful face was pale, as if he had lost a lot of blood. His heart spasmed. 
Right. He was the one who lost her. He still remembered the moment when he forced her to sign the divorce papers. She had cried so devastatingly and forbearingly that day. 
She was obviously reluctant to give him up back then, so why was she so vengeful now? 
“Thanks to your heartless attitude, I went from being disappointed to feeling despair. I no longer have any expectations for you, and I no longer have any desire to share anything about. me with you… Now I have finally lost all interest in you.” Bella’s eyes were bloodshot, and her hateful smile touched Justin. 
That was a lie! 
Justin felt as if she had dug out his most painful scar. An intense pain spread all over his body. “Anna, have you really gotten over me? You’re just deceiving yourself, right?” 
“Deceiving myself? Sorry, but I don’t have the time to do that.” 
“Do you really like Asher?” Justin finally asked.
“Of course!” Bella emphasized those words. 
“No… I don’t think you like Asher at all. You’re just with Asher to get back at me and to provoke me so that I’ll finalize our divorce!” 
Justin’s breathing was heavy. He once again approached her beautiful and sexy face until the tips of their noses bumped into each other. 
“Are you delusional?! Go and get your head checked out and leave me alone!” 
Bella shook in anger. She quickly turned her face away, trying to avoid his hot breath. 
Unexpectedly, Justin grabbed her chin and forced her to look at him. He was relentless. “Anna, do you really hate me so much? You would rather give yourself to someone you don’t love just to upset me, huh?” 
“You’re upset? But I’m happy.” 
Bella curled her seductive lips. “With him, I’m happy every day. But with you, I just feel like I’m in prison. Do you think you deserve my time and effort to plot revenge? If I take revenge on you, I just feel like it lowers my standards and wastes my time!” 
“You’re a shameless gold digger… Why didn’t I see your true colors sooner?” Justin gritted his teeth and said, “Marrying you was the biggest mistake of my life!” 
Bella’s pupils shrank in an instant, and her body was completely frozen. 
She was his biggest mistake. 
Bella had once risked her life to save him, and she had loved him for thirteen years. In the end, she got nothing from him. Instead, she had become a stain on his life.
Bella thought, ‘Why am I so miserable and pathetic?’ 
Justin watched helplessly as her eyes turned red and teary. Her face was pale. She looked like she had been woken up from a nightmare. She quickly let go of the hand that restrained her. 
Only then did Justin realize that what he said was too harsh and cruel. 
He did not mean to say that, so why did he blurt it out without any restraint? 
What made it worse was that he did not mean it at all. 
“Young Master Justin? Ms. Brown?!” 
While Justin was panicking internally, Matt happened to bump into them in a hurry. 
Bella hurriedly distanced herself from Justin and forced a smile. “Uncle Matt, why aren’t with Grandpa in the front hall? Why are you here?” 
you 
Matt noticed the tension between the two of them, but he did not say anything about it. He replied anxiously, “There’s a hiccup with the banquet, so I’m in a hurry to deal with it.” “What happened?” Bella asked anxiously.
###chapter185
“Mr. Gregory knew how much Old Master Nigel liked listening to the opera, so he spent a big sum of money to hire a prima donna to sing at the banquet. But her apprentice just told me that the prima donna has food poisoning and won’t be able to go on stage!” 
Matt was worried. “What should we do? We set up the stage tonight just for her performance. But now, it has to be canceled. Old Master Nigel will be disappointed, and the guests will laugh at us.” 
“No, they won’t.” 
Bella looked calm and confident as she smiled and said, “Don’t worry, Uncle Matt. I won’t let the guests laugh at us.” 
‘Us.’ Justin was touched when he heard this. 
Even if they had not finalized the divorce, they were no longer husband and wife. However, Anna was still willing to stand up for the Salvador family and solve their problems as before. 
All of this was just so Nigel could have a nice birthday banquet. 
“Ms. Brown, what’s your idea?” Matt was overjoyed when he heard her say this. 
“Uncle Matt, where’s the backstage? Please take me there.” 
After that, Bella left Justin and hurried away with Matt. 
Justin looked at her delicate figure and clenched his fists in despair. He felt like he could not breathe when he thought of her teary eyes earlier. 
In the backyard, a stage was set up and decorated with props.
The guests at the bottom of the stage were enjoying themselves and congratulating Old Master Nigel on his 80th birthday. 
Nigel liked being surrounded by his family. He also invited Asher and Ryan to sit at his table. Their empty spots were quickly filled out. 
Only Rosalind was left at the guest table alone. This was another way to show her and 
everyone that she was not welcome in the Salvador family. 
Rosalind was so angry that she sat there stiffly. Her teeth itched with hatred because no one cared about her, 
At this time, her phone buzzed, It was a message from Shannon. 
[You must seize opportunities for yourself. If you just sit back and wait, you will always become a laughingstock!] 
‘Laughing stock? No, I won’t!’ Rosalind clutched her cell phone tightly. Her carefully drawn eyebrows were raised, and her gaze was sinister. 
Rosalind thought, ‘Tonight, I will make Anna pay a thousandfold for how she had humiliated me in the past!’ 
“Eh? Where’s Justin and Anna?” Nigel looked around and could not see his favorite couple. 
As soon as Nigel said this, Justin appeared with a glum face and sat next to Ryan. 
Ryan shuddered. He felt like his friend, who was exuding a chill, looked so terrifying, as if he had just gone to the underworld. 
“Justin, where is Anna?”
Nigel frowned in displeasure. “Don’t you know how to look for her? Why are you so neglectful?” 
Justin pursed his thin lips. His mind was in a mess, so he did not answer his grandfather. 
“Old Master Salvador, I think that Anna got lost since it’s her first time here. I’m going to look for her.” 
Asher was about to stand up when Justin said coldly, “I don’t think that’s necessary. This is also your first time here, Mr. Thompson, so you may not be able to find her and get lost yourself. What’s more, I know where she is, so you don’t have to worry.” 
Ryan was stunned. He almost tipped over his wine glass. He thought, ‘Wow! What the hell is happening right now?’ 
Two equally outstanding men were silently confronting each other. 
Asher’s clear eyes narrowed slightly with a fleeting chill. 
At this time, the music played, and the red curtains on the stage parted. 
The laughter in the audience gradually subsided, and everyone focused their attention on the stage. 
At this moment, a graceful and charming performer in a costume and full makeup floated over to the center of the stage. 
Justin looked at the beautiful woman and thought that she looked familiar. 
At this moment, Matt returned to Nigel’s side. 
“Oh, the performance is about to start! Why is Anna still nowhere to be seen?” Nigel was a theater fanatic, but he was not interested in watching the show without Anna.
“Old Master, Ms. Brown is right there.” 
As he said that, Matt pointed to the stage with a smile. “Look, isn’t that her?” 
Everyone was shocked. 
Justin stood up abruptly, scaring everyone. 
His chest heaved violently as he stared blankly at the beauty on the stage. His heart tingled as if he had been electrocuted.
###chapter186
Bella’s pretty face was covered in makeup to match her costume. She spun around slowly to look back at the audience, moving her slender waist gracefully. Her alluring cat eyes pierced through the audience’s heart. 
Bella danced and sang beautifully, captivating everyone at the party. 
Justin stared at her blankly. He felt like they were worlds apart. He would have to transcend time and space, love and hate, to meet that beautiful lady on stage in this lifetime. 
Bella’s every smile and every frown made his world stop spinning. 
“Anna… Is that really Anna?!” 
Nigel was so excited that he gripped the armrest and sat up in shock. “Yes! That’s Anna! Look at her little nose and little mouth… That’s my dearest Anna!” 
‘Little nose and little mouth…’ Justin suddenly fell back into his chair. His eyes were in a trance, and he felt a throbbing pain in his temples. 
“Justin? What’s wrong? You don’t look so good.” Ryan noticed something was wrong with Justin and asked with concern. 
“I’m fine…” Justin rubbed his temples as his mind traveled back in time. 
Why did he feel like he had heard Anna’s name before? It seemed that he and Anna had met a long time ago. 
Nigel asked for a performance of “O mio babbino caro”.
In the past, Bella often brought her own costumes to visit Nigel. She would put on the costumes and show off her vocal skills by singing a short aria to entertain him. 
Bella still remembered how Nigel teared up when he heard her singing opera for the first time. He was caught up in the beautiful memories of his late wife and unknowingly burst into tears, crying like a child. 
Back then, Nigel’s wife, Deborah, was a famous prima donna, and Nigel was her avid fan. He loved Deborah deeply and insisted on marrying her, regardless of the opposition from his family. In the end, Nigel and Deborah finally got married, creating a legendary love story. 
Bella envied Nigel and Deborah’s relationship. That was the kind of love that she wished to have. 
However, it was not until Justin forced her to sign the divorce papers that Bella finally understood that her love was destined to end in tragedy the moment she fell in love with this 
man 13 years ago. 
Everyone paid close attention to the stage and stopped chatting to enjoy the performance. 
“I just heard someone say that the performer is Mr. Salvador’s ex-wife! That lady is truly multi -talented. In this day and age where pop culture is rampant, not many girls appreciate classical art as much as she does!” 
“Tsk! Stop calling her Mr. Salvador’s ex-wife. She’s now Mr. Thompson’s girlfriend!” 
“Who knows if Mr. Salvador and Ms. Brown will get back together again? Didn’t you see the way Mr. Salvador looked at her longingly? It’s clear that he hasn’t gotten over her yet!” 
“How can one get over such a beautiful and talented woman? Even Old Master Nigel likes her. She’s certainly a million times better than the other lady who bought the replica!”
Rosalind could hear the faint gossip around her and felt so resentful that she left the table angrily. 
She found a hidden corner and stood there sulking, brewing a sinister plan. 
Shannon urged Rosalind to attack Anna as soon as possible, but she was not so stupid as to let Shannon use her as a weapon. If Rosalind was discovered, she would lose everything. 
Therefore, Rosalind must find someone to take the risk. 
No one was a more suitable candidate than Bethany Salvador, the fool. 
Thus, Rosalind sent a message to Bethany. 
Not long after, Bethany walked over angrily, carrying her bulky dress. 
“Hmph! That bitch, Anna! I didn’t expect her to be able to sing like that. How could she steal the limelight again?!” 
“Don’t be mad, Bethany. So what if she can sing? Only a lowly person would be a performer. Even if she marries into a wealthy family, she won’t be able to change her lowborn roots. She can only stand on the stage to entertain elites like us.’ 
}) 
Rosalind was rendered speechless earlier because of what Anna said in front of everyone. Now that she was alone with Bethany, she could comfort herself by slandering Anna. 
“Rose, you’re right! Only lowly women perform on stage for the amusement of elites like us. She thinks she’s so talented, but in fact, she’s just embarrassing herself!”
“Bethany, do you want to get back at Anna for the way she treated us and vent your anger?” Rosalind asked in a low voice. 
“Of course! I really want to rip off her head and kick it around like a ball. I’ll break her neck and drain her blood!” Bethany gritted her teeth with hatred. 
“I have a way, but I’m afraid I can’t do it alone. I’ll need your help.” Rosalind grabbed Bethany’s arm and spoke sinisterly.
###chapter187
Bethany asked, “What way?!” 
Rosalind looked around to make sure there was no one and no cameras before she took out two vials of transparent liquid that Shannon had prepared for her from her handbag. 
“What is this?” Bethany looked confused. 
“It’s an aphrodisiac that makes men lose control of themselves after drinking it. It’s most suitable for a whore like Anna who likes to seduce men.” Rosalind’s eyes flickered with evil excitement. 
“What?!” 
Bethany gasped loudly, but Rosalind stopped her. “Shh! Keep your voice down!” 
“You… You want to drug Anna? At Grandpa’s birthday banquet?!” 
Rosalind leaned next to Bethany’s ear and said with a sinister smile, “Imagine how thrilling it would be if the guests were to find out that Anna and Mr. Thompson had sex here tonight during the party. When the time comes, her carefully crafted image will completely collapse. Justin and Grandpa will hate her for embarrassing them. The Thompson family will also dislike her for being improper. Don’t you hate how close she is to Mr. Hoffman? If Mr. Hoffman saw Anna and Asher hooking up, do you think he would still want a slut like her?” Bethany’s mouth gaped open, and she could not make a sound. 
She hated Anna and had always bullied her openly. She had never used such a dirty trick. “If we’re discovered, it’ll be over!” 
“There are so many people here, so we won’t be discovered. Even if they suspected us, they have no evidence to say it was us. If you’re afraid, send someone else to put it in Asher’s cup. I’ll get Anna. If
the two of us work together, it’ll go smoothly.” 
Rosalind said coldly, “You saw what happened today. Mr. Hoffman only has eyes for Anna and doesn’t care about you.” 
Bethany felt her heart ache and a huge sense of shame. 
“If 
you don’t get rid of Anna, the obstacle, you will never end up with Mr. Hoffman. Sitting and waiting will only make you the laughingstock in the end. Think about it, Bethany!” 
Rosalind was a quick learner. She was even quoting Shannon to brainwash Bethany. 
Bethany nodded bitterly. 
The guests remained silent during the dreamy performance of “O mio babbino caro”. 
Ryan looked at the beauty on the stage in a daze. He felt like he had lost his soul. His gaze was intensely adoring. 
Justin stared at Anna’s familiar face for a moment, feeling estranged from her. The tea he drank felt like a strong liquor that irritated his throat. 
“What a heartfelt and emotional plea.” Asher looked at his gorgeous sister on the stage and could not help but sigh. 
Justin’s heart rippled when he heard this. 
At this moment, there was a commotion coming from the audience. 
Bella raised her eyes, puzzled.
Suddenly, she felt like she had been shot in the chest. Her body shook in fright. 
She saw Wyatt, accompanied by his bodyguards and secretary, walking confidently through the crowd toward the main table. He looked so handsome and majestic. 
“Is that Wyatt Thompson, Chairman of KS Group?!” 
“Is Chairman Thompson here to attend Old Master Nigel’s birthday party?! OMG! I’ve lived too long to see everything!” 
“Does this mean that the century-old grudge between the Thompson family and the Salvador family has been resolved? This news will definitely make the front page headlines!” 
Everyone whispered in shock. 
Bella’s voice shook uncontrollably, and her heart thumped against her rib cage. 
Why was Wyatt here? 
How was it possible for Wyatt to come over and celebrate Nigel’s birthday?! Who invited this deity to the party?!
###chapter188
Asher’s pupils shrank as he quickly stood up to greet Wyatt. 
“Dad, why are you here?” 
Asher worriedly glanced in the direction of the stage out of the corner of his eye. 
“Why can’t I be here when you’re here? Ash, you should’ve told me that you were coming. Then we could’ve come together.” 
Wyatt complained, then raised his eyebrows and smiled at Nigel. “Old Master Nigel, it’s been a while. You look as young as ever! It looks like you’re getting stronger and more spirited with age.” 
“Oh, Wyatt! You should’ve told me you were coming. I would’ve greeted you at the door!” Nigel stood up quickly and shook hands with Wyatt. 
Gregory, Shannon, and their children also stood up. 
When Justin saw Wyatt, he was puzzled. He raised his eyebrows curiously. 
Justin remembered checking the guest list more than once the night before the birthday banquet. He did not see Asher and Wyatt Thompson’s names on the list, and judging from Nigel’s surprised reaction, Justin figured that Nigel was unaware of their invitation either. 
Thus, it was most likely that Gregory had personally sent out these two invitations. 
But it was strange that Gregory invited the Thompsons separately. 
“I just got off the plane and rushed over here as soon as possible. But it looks like I’m still late to the party! As punishment, I’ll down three shots to express my apology.” Wyatt was well- mannered and
courteous. 
Justin was stunned because he could see Asher and even Anna in this dignified man. 
Justin took a deep breath and felt that he was going crazy. ‘Anna, how dare you mess with heart?!’ 
Wyatt and Nigel were chatting and laughing as if they were old friends. It was completely impossible to tell that their families had a century-old, long-standing feud. 
However, Wyatt and Gregory were unfriendly with each other. 
The guests noticed this but did not say a word about it. 
my 
With the distinguished guest’s arrival, Ryan and Justin stood up and went to sit in the back, leaving space for Wyatt at the main table. 
“Grandpa, Ryan and I will go to the back.” Justin bowed with a gentle smile. 
“Oh, I haven’t seen these two boys for many years! They grew up to be such outstanding men!” 
Wyatt quickly sized Justin up and said, “Old Master Nigel, I heard that your grandson is getting married soon.” 
At the mention of his grandson’s second marriage, Nigel became irritated, so his expression 
darkened. 
“Chairman Thompson, my son is getting married to Rosalind Gold, the daughter of Gold Corporation’s chairman. Their wedding is set to be next month. I’ll invite you to their ceremony soon.” Gregory took over the conversation with a smile.
“Gold Corporation? I’ve never heard of it.” Wyatt brushed him off, which embarrassed Gregory and Shannon. 
“Rosalind is my niece. She and Justin are childhood sweethearts.” Shannon dared not mention. it further since the Thompson family went against the Gold family over the previous issue of shoddy furniture. 
However, Shannon did not like the feeling of Wyatt looking down on them. After all, Rosalind was her niece. It would impact her if people made fun of Rosalind. 
“Oh. Old Master Nigel, let me toast you!” 
Gregory and Shannon were speechless. 
Wyatt had completely dismissed them. He did not seem to care who Justin married, either. It was just small talk. 
Wyatt thought, ‘Justin can marry whoever he wants, so long as it’s not my daughter! My baby is the best there is! Hmph! Justin isn’t good enough for my Bella.’ 
On stage, Bella bravely finished singing the first part of the opera. When she was about to bow and end the performance, Wyatt’s eyes inadvertently focused on her. 
Bella’s heart pounded rapidly, like it was about to pop out of her chest. 
Fortunately, she had a full face of dramatic makeup to match her costume, and the stage was a little far away. So Wyatt did not immediately recognize his daughter. He only paused for a moment before looking away.
Bella took the opportunity to sneak off the stage as quickly as possible. Her costume was already soaking in cold sweat. 
At the same time, she received a message from her eldest brother. 
[Bella, Dad is here! Try not to show your face for the remainder of the party. I’ll keep a lookout for you. Feel free to contact me anytime.] 
[Yes, sir!] 
Wyatt asked Nigel, “Where did you hire that young opera singer just now? She’s pretty good.” 
“Hahaha! I didn’t have to hire her. She is my god-granddaughter!” Nigel flashed a proud 
smile. 
“Oh, not bad! She must be an outstanding lady for you to recognize her as your granddaughter.”
###chapter189
Justin could not help but look at the stage. However, the stage was empty. 
Anna had already left the stage at some point. He furrowed his brows, and his eyes were complicated. 
On the other side, the servants were busy coming in and out of the pantry. 
A few seconds later, a maid who had been bribed by Bethany looked around and sneaked in. 
She avoided the cameras, took out the two vials of drug that Bethany gave her, and poured them separately into two glasses before topping it up with champagne. 
“Give one glass to Mr. Asher Thompson and the other one to Mr. Ryan Hoffman. You must make sure Mr. Hoffman drinks it, okay?” 
This was the order given to her by Bethany. 
Whether she could make a fortune depended on this task. 
The maid suddenly felt the urge to pee because she was nervous, so she ran out to use the bathroom. 
At this time, a girl wearing a white cotton dress tiptoed into the pantry. 
It was Carrie Salvador, who had never shown up at the birthday banquet. 
Her eyes were bright and childish as she peered around. She quickly picked up a glass of champagne and gulped it down in one go. 
Carrie had a habit that most people were unaware of. She liked to drink alcohol and often sneaked into the wine cellar to steal some wine while the family was sleeping. This time, she did it again.
“Mmm… Burp! Delicious!” Carrie burped and licked her pink lips with satisfaction. 
Then she filled up the glass to cover her tracks and scurried away like a squirrel. 
Ever since Wyatt suddenly appeared out of nowhere, Bella did not dare to show herself. 
The banquet table was filled with rare delicacies, but Justin had no appetite. He silently scanned the banquet hall with a worried gaze. 
“Come on, Mr. Thompson. Let’s have a toast!” 
Ryan raised his wine glass toward Asher. His charming eyes were filled with mixed emotions. ” You’re so lucky to be with such an outstanding woman as Anna. I hope that you will treat Anna well and pamper her like a princess. Don’t make her sad, and please love her with every fiber of your being.” 
Asher squinted his eyes as he smiled. He picked up his glass and clinked it with Ryan’s. “Of course, I won’t make her sad. I will pamper her and love her forever.” 
Ryan’s throat felt clogged. He took out a business card from his breast pocket and handed it to 
Asher. 
“This is my business card with my phone number on it.” 
Asher raised his eyebrows slightly and said, “Mr. Hoffman, I know you, so there is no need to introduce yourself like this.” 
“But there is one thing you don’t know. That is, I also like Anna.” Ryan confessed frankly, not shying away from his “love rival”. 
Justin squeezed the stem of his wine glass.
Asher’s expression remained calm. “Oh?” 
“Love is hard to keep. After all, Anna has many suitors queuing up for an opportunity to date. her. Mr. Thompson, if you ever get tired of Anna and fall out of love with her, please don’t string her along. Remember to call me, and I will pick her up as soon as possible.” Ryan’s gaze was intense. He did not look like he was joking at all. 
“Thank you for reminding me, but your worries will never come true.” Asher laughed, thinking that Ryan had the potential to be a comedian. 
Justin could not bear to listen to them anymore, so he stood up and left the table with a sullen face. 
These two guys were talking about his ex-wife in front of him. Although they did not mention. his name, he felt that they were slighting him with every word they said. 
As soon as Justin walked out of the banquet hall, Rosalind rushed over and hugged him tightly. “Justin!” 
At this time, Justin caught a glimpse of a familiar figure walking past from the corner of his 
eye. 
It was Anna! 
His Adam’s apple moved slightly, and his jaw clenched. 
While he was lost in thought, Rosalind found the right opportunity and kissed him at the corner of his lips. 
Bella was looking around and inadvertently saw Justin and Rosalind kissing.
When she witnessed this scene, her eyes darkened, and she walked away as if she had not seen. anything. 
“Ah!” 
Justin felt a stab in his heart when Anna walked away, so he pushed Rosalind away without a thought, causing her to stagger back. 
“Justin… How could you push me away?!” 
Justin frowned and raised his hand to wipe off the lipstick mark on his lips. “I hate this feeling of being harassed.”
###chapter190
Rosalind thought, ‘Harassed?! I offered myself to him again and again, but he thinks that I’m harassing him?!’ 
“Justin… I’m your fiancée! How can you say that about me?” Rosalind’s eyes turned red 
instantly, looking like she was about to cry. 
“Rosalind, you know how much I hate overly intimate behavior.” Justin took a deep breath. His eyes were slightly cold. 
“Yes, I know. I have always known…” 
Justin was traumatized during his childhood, so he had never been able to have an intimate relationship with the opposite sex and express his desires like a normal man. This was not easy for him. 
Otherwise, such an outstanding man as he would have been with other women when Rosalind was gone for three years. 
“But since we got together again, you don’t seem to remember this.” Justin thought of Anna’s hateful eyes and clenched his fists. 
He did not understand the emotions he was feeling at this moment because this was all new to him. 
Justin felt as if he had done something wrong. He felt a vague sense of guilt, but he did not understand what he had done wrong. 
He had never been so confused in his life.
“But Justin, I will marry you soon!” 
Rosalind’s eyes were red as she took a step forward. She was a little hysterical. “We’re not children anymore. We can’t have a platonic relationship forever! I will sleep with you in the future and give you children!” 
Justin exhaled deeply and subconsciously took a step back. 
He thought that marrying Rosalind was what he had always wanted. 
But why did he feel more panicked and reluctant the closer they were to their wedding day? 
Suddenly, the door slammed open again. 
Asher stumbled out of the banquet hall. 
Justin thought that he seemed/drunk when he passed by them. 
Rosalind hid behind Justin and curled her lips into a sinister smile. 
On the other side, Bella had just changed back into her dress, removed her stage makeup, and walked out of the backstage area. 
“Ms. Brown, something happened!” 
The maid hurriedly walked up to her and said, “Mr. Thompson is feeling unwell and is resting in the guest room. You should go and see him. He seems very uncomfortable.” 
When Bella heard that her eldest brother was not feeling well, she panicked.” Please lead the way!” 
Justin and Asher left the table and did not return.
Ryan was bored sitting alone, so he got up and went for a walk outside. 
The night sky was filled with stars. The garden was peaceful and quiet, with a small stream flowing under a small bridge. 
Ryan saw antique street lanterns illuminating the garden. The soft orange light was beautiful. 
In addition to the chirping cicadas, Ryan heard a rustling in the bushes. 
Ryan narrowed his eyes and called out, “Who’s there?!” 
However, there was no reply. He could only hear the cicadas chirping again. 
He thought that it might be a cat hiding in the bushes. 
Thus, he did not think much about it and turned to leave. At that moment, he heard a voice. 
Ryan’s eyebrows twitched as he approached the voice warily with light footsteps. 
His heartbeat quickened, and his Adam’s apple bobbed as he walked step by step to the bushes. 
“Who’s in there? Come out!” 
He barged in and widened his eyes in shock. 
Ryan’s thin lips trembled. He was stunned. “Carrie?! Why are you here?!” 
“I… I don’t know what’s wrong with me…” 
“What’s wrong? Are you sick? You can’t hide out here!” 
Ryan did not know what was going on, so he stretched out his arms to pull Carrie out of the bushes.
However, as soon as he touched her arm, he felt electrocuted. 
At this moment, Carrie’s body was burning. 
“Do you have a fever?!” Ryan asked anxiously. He was flustered. 
“Help me…” 
Carrie’s consciousness gradually blurred, and she could no longer see Ryan’s handsome face clearly. 
“Carrie?” 
Before Ryan finished speaking, he suddenly felt her sweet and warm breath approaching his face. Carrie hugged him tightly, which made him panie. 
“Carrie! Don’t mess around. I like someone else!” 
The next second, Carrie closed her watery eyes and kissed his thin lips desperately. 
On the other side, Bethany could not find Ryan and was not sure whether he had drunk the glass of wine. Thus, she was spinning around in circles. 
She did not tell Rosalind that she had also given the drug to Ryan. 
Bethany thought about having sex with Ryan, so when the time came, she could force her parents to propose marriage to the Hoffman family. That way, Ryan would be forced to accept her because of pressure from the Salvador family. 
But where was he? 
“Ms. Bethany!” The maid ran over to Bethany.
“How are things going?” Bethany looked around warily and asked in a low voice. 
“It’s done. Please don’t worry! I personally helped Mr. Thompson to the room and led Ms. Brown there.” 
Bethany smiled proudly. “What about Mr. Hoffman? Have you seen him?” 
“Um… I didn’t see him…” 
“Did you give him that drink?!” Bethany asked anxiously. 
“Yes, I watched him and Mr. Thompson drink the champagne. If Mr. Thompson is feeling uncomfortable, Mr. Hoffman should feel the same as well.” The maid swore on her life. 
Bethany was anxious when Rosalind called her. She quickly answered it. 
“Well done, Bethany! Let’s just wait and watch the show!”
###chapter191
Bella stood in the middle of the empty and quiet living room. 
She fumbled to turn on the lights as she called out to her brother anxiously. “Ash? Are you there?” 
At this time, there was a faint sound in the bedroom. 
Bella felt nervous. She walked briskly inside while shouting, “Ash! Are you okay? Are you feeling sick?” 
“Bella… Don’t come over!” Asher’s voice trembled, and his breathing was labored. 
“Ash! What’s wrong? Don’t scare me!” 
Bella’s face lost all color in an instant. Just as she was about to rush in, the door slammed open. 
Under the dim light, Asher was soaked from head to toe, as if he had fallen into the sea. His handsome face was flushed red. 
He had taken off his suit jacket, leaving only a wet white shirt clinging to his muscular body. His shirt was wide open, exposing the red skin underneath. It was as if his blood was boiling. 
“Ash… What…..” 
“I was drugged…” 
Asher’s vision gradually became blurry. He could hardly see Bella clearly. “I took a cold shower and soaked myself in a cold bath, but the drug is too strong… Nothing works!” 
“How could this happen?!” Bella was furious but also panicking.
She was a medical prodigy who could perform brain surgery, but she was currently at a loss facing her brother, who was drugged with a strong aphrodisiac. 
“Bella… This is a trap. Leave this room immediately and lock the door… I can handle this by myself!” Asher’s breathing became heavier. His eyes were completely bloodshot. 
Bella thought, ‘No, we can’t delay this any longer! Ash will be in danger!’ 
“Ash, I can’t possibly leave you alone! Let me help you. I’ll call the driver right away and take you to the hospital right now!” 
Bella had never seen Asher in such pain. She was so flustered that she almost cried. 
She was about to run over to help him when she heard glass shattering. 
Asher actually smashed a vase at the door. 
Then he grabbed a sharp fragment of glass, gritted his teeth, and held it in the palm of his 
hand until blood flowed out between his fingers. He refused to let go, as if he were enjoying the pain. 
“Ash!” Bella felt extremely distressed. Her eyes were filled with tears. 
She knew that Asher could no longer hold on, so he hurt himself just to protect her. 
“Bella… Please leave! I beg you!” 
Asher opened his eyes, which were filled with lust, and roared, “Get out!” 
There was a lot of singing and dancing in the banquet hall.
Wyatt was chatting happily with Nigel at the main table. Some people who wanted to curry favor with Nigel did not dare to come forward. 
The main reason was that Wyatt looked so unapproachable and powerful, like a mighty king in ancient times. Menial people like them were not good enough to talk to such nobility. 
After Nigel drank some wine, he was in a good mood and invited the children to sit with him. 
Matt invited Justin and Bethany to the main table. 
“Wyatt, what do you think of my grandson?” Nigel playfully winked at Wyatt. 
Wyatt smiled faintly and said, “Old Master Nigel, your grandson definitely surpasses you.’ Gregory frowned and coughed lightly, wondering how this person with such low emotional intelligence could make such a big family fortune. 
Justin was Gregory’s son, so Wyatt should have praised Justin for having good genes. How could Wyatt say that Justin surpassed them all? 
“Haha! Justin can’t compare to me when I was younger. I certainly had higher standards than this punk! But I think my grandson is a little naive and stubborn. He won’t listen to my advice, no matter what!” Nigel sighed with disappointment. 
Justin lowered his eyes and said nothing. He took a sip of tea with a cold face. 
“Dad, Justin isn’t as lacking as you described. In the past few years since he has been president of Salvador Corporation, everyone can attest to the increased performance. Justin has done well compared to his peers.” Gregory gave Justin a rare compliment. 
In fact, Gregory was trying to one-up his rival, Wyatt.
“Pft! That’s his job! The president of the company must be capable and far-sighted. 
Otherwise, I will kick him off the board even if he is my grandson and get someone to replace him!” 
Nigel had always disliked Gregory, so he took the opportunity to diss his son whenever possible. 
“Old Master Nigel, if Justin is capable and farsighted, he’s already better than most of his peers in Savrow. He can be considered a role model among the younger generation of business leaders.” Wyatt smiled and spoke sincerely. 
After all, Salvador Corporation’s performance increased several fold compared to before Justin took over. In addition, the drastic reforms he implemented made Salvador Corporation one of the leading conglomerates in Savrow in just three years. 
Wyatt could see that Nigel was openly belittling and secretly praising his grandson. In reality, Nigel was quite satisfied with his grandson. 
“Wyatt, it seems like you really admire my grandson!” 
Nigel grinned and approached Wyatt. “Why don’t we arrange a marriage between our families?”
###chapter192
Everyone was stunned to hear this. 
Nigel’s suggestion shocked Gregory and Shannon. Bethany had just taken a sip of tea and almost spat it out when she heard this. 
“Grandpa, please stop messing around.” Justin’s expression froze. His eyebrows furrowed. 
Wyatt was also shocked by the suggestion. 
“Wyatt, I remember that you have three daughters. Have you added another daughter to your family in recent years?” Nigel asked seriously. 
“No, I still have three girls. Nine children are enough for me. I have no plans to have more children in the future.” 
“Oh, I see. Are those three daughters married?” 
Wyatt smiled awkwardly and said, “My sixth daughter, Camilla, is already married and currently living abroad. My youngest daughter, Amelia, is still studying. She’s still too young to get married. I want her to relax and enjoy her student life.” 
“You have another daughter, the one you love the most, right? What’s her name?” 
Wyatt’s gaze became gentle. “My eighth daughter, Bella.” 
Hearing this name, Justin shook slightly, almost dropping the teacup in his hand. His expression became even gloomier.
“That’s right, Bella! I remember seeing her when she was just a little girl. She’s such a well- behaved little doll!” 
Nigel’s smile grew wider. “I guess Bella is already 24 or 25 years old, right? Is she married?” 
“Not yet… 
“Then what do you think of Justin as your son-in-law?” 
Wyatt was speechless. ‘Why is this old man so tactless? Couldn’t he see that I didn’t want my precious daughter to marry Gregory’s son? How dare he think of my perfect Bella?! Hmph!’- 
“Grandpa, I’m getting married soon.” 
Justin became furious when he thought of Bella. He gritted his teeth and said, “Even if I don’t have a girlfriend, there’s no way I will ever be with Ms. Thompson.” 
Just as Nigel was about to speak, Wyatt frowned and said, “Justin, what do you mean by that? Do you think that my precious/daughter isn’t good enough for you? She’s the apple of my eye. Even when the son of the Prime Minister and the Crown Prince came to propose marriage, I felt that they were not good enough for my daughter. So, where did you get the confidence to look down on my daughter? You haven’t even met her yet. Don’t you think you’re being too rash for rejecting her so soon?” 
If Nigel had not been present, Wyatt would have said something even worse. 
Wyatt thought, “This little punk is so impudent!’ 
“Ms. Thompson is outstanding. We have competed against each other in business. She is smart, courageous, and superior to others.”
Justin’s eyes were dark. His attitude was neither humble nor arrogant. “But she and I have different personalities. This is a barrier that can’t be breached, and there is no way to force us to be together. If I can meet Ms. Thompson one day, I think we will be great business partners.” 
Wyatt’s face eased slightly when he heard praise for his daughter. 
“One day? Well, why don’t we make it happen tomorrow or the day after tomorrow? Let’s make arrangements for Justin and Bella to meet and get to know each other. Perhaps that barrier Justin was talking about isn’t that impenetrable after all! It’s settled then!” Nigel waved his hand and made the decision promptly. 
Wow! To prevent Justin from marrying Rosalind, this old man actually started to play Cupid randomly with his eyes closed! 
Justin’s handsome face was gloomy. Just as he was about to refuse, Shannon finally spoke. Dad, Justin is going to marry Rose soon. Don’t you think it’s inappropriate for you to introduce Ms. Thompson to Justin at this time?” 
“Well, they’re not married yet, are they?” 
Nigel’s smile faded, and his eyes were intimidating. “Marriage is no different from 
negotiating long-term cooperation. Before the contract is signed, everything is subject to change!” 
“Dad, the news of Justin and Rose’s marriage is out. If something unexpected happens now, how will the outside world view Ms. Thompson?” 
Shannon laughed in exasperation. “Ms. Thompson is Chairman Thompson’s precious daughter, so we can’t let her suffer like this!”
“Shannon, please stop talking.” Gregory was afraid that Shannon’s interjections would anger his father, so he hurriedly pulled her away. 
“You! Cough cough cough…” 
Nigel was furious. He choked and coughed painfully. His face turned red. 
Wyatt watched silently and sipped on his tea. ‘Hmph! This Salvador family is so messed up! Who would be crazy enough to marry their daughter into this tiger den?’ 
Seeing that the old man’s cough was getting worse, Gregory, Justin, and Matt quickly came forward to soothe his back. 
“I don’t want you hanging around me! Where’s Anna? I want Anna to accompany me!” Nigel 
shouted with a red face. 
Anna was like oxygen to Nigel. Without her, Nigel could barely breathe. 
“Right, where did Ms. Brown go? Why haven’t we seen her for so long?” Bethany feigned surprise but smiled sinisterly in her heart. 
At this time, Rosalind came over as if they had it all planned out. 
“Rose, did you see Anna when you came here? Grandpa is looking for her,” Bethany asked 
hurriedly. 
“I… I saw her.” 
Rosalind intertwined her fingers. Her eyes flickered, and she looked hesitant. “But… I don’t
know if I should say anything…
###chapter193
Seeing Rosalind’s flickering expression, Nigel felt nervous and asked anxiously, “What’s wrong? What happened to Anna?!” 
Justin’s heart also rippled uncontrollably. 
“Rose, just say it openly. There are no outsiders here.” Shannon urged her with a cold glint in her eyes. 
“I was walking in the villa and accidentally saw Ms. Brown and Mr. Thompson entering the same room… Mr. Thompson was drunk, so I think Ms. Brown must have gone in to take care of him.” 
Rosalind looked innocent as she said, “I was a little nervous at first, but since Mr. Thompson and Ms. Brown are dating, there’s nothing wrong with them being in the same room.” 
Justin’s eyes trembled, and he clenched his fists fiercely. 
Wyatt was confused for a moment. He stood up abruptly and asked, “Who is my son with? Anna Brown? Who is that?!” 
“Um…” Rosalind looked at Justin in a panic. 
Justin felt the blood gushing into his head. Without another word, he walked away briskly, shocking everyone. 
Rosalind smiled slyly. ‘Anna… This time, I want your reputation to be ruined! I want Justin to see you as the shameless whore that you are!’ 
“You haven’t told me who Anna is yet!” Wyatt demanded as his temples twitched.
Wyatt had high hopes for his eldest son since he was just a child. How could a scheming woman get her hands on his son? 
“Oh, no! Don’t you know her, Chairman Thompson?” 
Shannon pretended to be surprised. “Your son and Anna had officially announced their relationship earlier during the birthday banquet. At the charity auction, I also saw how close Madam Mila and Anna were, so I thought you had already met her.” 
“What? Mila also knows about her?!” Wyatt’s expression changed dramatically. His jaw was 
clenched. 
Wyatt thought, ‘That woman is so scheming! She not only seduced my son but also cozied up to my wife! Who the hell is she?!’ 
“That’s enough! How Anna and Asher get along is their business. There’s no need for you to talk about it.” Nigel loved Anna, so he did not want to hear Shannon add fuel to the fire. 
“Dad, it’s not really a private matter if you think about it.” 
Shannon’s eyes darkened, and she cleared her throat. “After all, Anna and Justin had just signed their divorce papers, and they have yet to finalize the divorce. So, in principle, she’s still a member of our family. We followed your wishes and waited until your 80th birthday before officially announcing Justin and Rose’s marriage. During these days, they kept a low profile just to please you. We can all see how much Rose suffered because of Anna. We endured 
it, but it seemed like Ms. Brown couldn’t hold it in anymore. She’s putting us in a difficult position, especially at your birthday banquet. If anything happens, our family is caught in the middle. It’s embarrassing…”
Rosalind and Bethany exchanged glances. They were snickering with joy in their hearts. 
Wyatt was stunned. His brain stopped working, and his mind went blank. 
His son, the celibate, who had been single for 30 years, actually fell in love with Justin’s ex- wife?! 
Wasn’t he a priest?! Why did he have such weird taste in women?! 
What a sinner! 
Justin ran wildly through the long corridor. 
He had always been dignified and composed among the elites. For many years, no one had been able to mess with him. 
However, this time, when he heard that Anna and Asher were in the same room, he became flustered. He just wanted to stop her and pull her back to him at all costs. 
Justin thought, ‘Anna, I won’t allow Asher to touch you!’ 
When he arrived at the door of the room, Justin panted heavily while sweating through his shirt. His eyes were red. 
He did not know what was going on inside the room. Were they already sleeping together? How far have they gone? Was it too late to stop them? 
Justin felt like he was stabbed in the heart. He gritted his teeth and was about to knock on the door when it opened at this moment. 
He saw Bella supporting a disheveled Asher and panting. She was equally startled to see Justin.
Justin’s hands froze in mid-air. His breathing was unsteady, and his thin lips trembled violently. 
“Why are you here?” 
Bella’s heart suddenly clenched. She immediately laughed mockingly. “Oh, I guess the news spread quite fast. You must be the first one to come over and see the show, huh?” 
“Did he touch you?” Justin’s fingers were tense, and his handsome face turned pale. 
“It has nothing to do with you. Get out of the way!” 
Bella’s forehead was covered in sweat. She wanted to stop her brother from suffering, so she pushed Justin away and walked toward the other end of the corridor.
###chapter194
Justin was not willing to give up. He stepped forward and grabbed Bella’s thin arm, leaving red marks on her fair skin. 
What was redder than those finger marks were his bloodshot and possessive eyes. touch you? Anna, answer me!” 
“Did he 
“Mr. Thompson was drugged at your party!” Bella glared at him with eyes full of hatred. 
“What did you say?” Justin was startled. 
“I have gotten the drug under control momentarily, but I don’t know what he’s drugged with, so I must take him to the hospital for a blood test immediately!” 
Bella’s eyes were red as she shook off Justin’s iron grip. “Justin, I don’t have time to waste talking to you about these underhanded tricks. If anything happens to Mr. Thompson, I won’t let any of you go! I will fight you to the end! You must pay for this dirty act!” 
Bella’s words were like knives stabbing Justin, penetrating his heart and lungs. His soul also seemed cut off by her. 
Justin’s cheeks burned with shame. It felt like she had just slapped him. 
He never thought Anna would go against him for Asher’s sake. He had also never seen a woman’s eyes be so fierce and beautiful at the same time. 
“Anna… Come back!” Justin called out to her in a hoarse voice.
However, Bella did not stop for him. 
At this time, loud footsteps were approaching from behind. 
“Anna! Anna!” 
It was Nigel’s anxious voice. 
Bella paused. She supported the unconscious Asher and turned around slowly. 
The next second, her face turned pale, as if she had been struck by lightning. 
Standing with the Salvador family was her father, Wyatt. 
At this moment, Wyatt saw his daughter’s face clearly. He was stunned in place at first. Then he rubbed his eyes vigorously, thinking that he was hallucinating. 
Bella’s throat was clogged. She could not make a single sound. 
Panic, guilt, and shame came rushing over her, like thousands of ants nibbling at her chest. 
“Chairman Thompson, Grandpa, Justin, look at her!” 
Rosalind took the opportunity to step forward and stared at Bella viciously. “Ms. Brown is embarrassing both your families! Justin said that he would finalize their divorce after Grandpa’s birthday, and Grandpa loved her so much. Couldn’t she just wait for a few more days for Grandpa’s sake? As Justin’s fiancée, I repeatedly gave in so that Grandpa could have a peaceful birthday. But Ms. Brown acted on a whim and did such embarrassing things to the Salvador family. Chairman Thompson, she threw herself at your son before her divorce was 
finalized and even slept with him during the party. Is she that desperate? Would you allow such an unruly woman to be associated with your son?”
“Rosalind!” Justin was infuriated. 
Rosalind was frightened by the man’s cold and sharp gaze, so she shuddered in fear. 
However, there was no turning back. Since she had already exposed Anna, this was a rare opportunity to bring Anna down. Even if Justin became wary of her because of this, Rosalind still wanted to add insult to injury. 
“Anna… You and Asher…” Nigel looked at the girl’s stiff face in astonishment, not knowing what to say. 
Gregory shook his head, thinking that it was a good thing his son had broken up with this woman. Otherwise, this disgraceful woman would probably ruin his family. 
“Well, never mind. It’s normal for youngsters to lose control sometimes.” 
Shannon pretended to be very understanding and sighed. “Fortunately, only our family knows about this. Otherwise, if word got out…” 
“Bella, come here.” 
Wyatt’s handsome and dignified face was gloomy. He suddenly interrupted Shannon. 
Everyone looked at each other, confused. ‘Bella? Who was he referring to?’ 
Unexpectedly, Bella took a step forward sluggishly at this time. She took a deep breath, blushed in embarrassment, and said shyly, “Dad..
###chapter195
Bella’s voice was soft, but it was like a thunderclap that rang in everyone’s ears. 
Nigel and Gregory gaped their mouths open, completely stunned. 
Rosalind suddenly felt like her body was frozen. Her face was ashen. Shannon and Bethany were not much better either. 
Who would have thought that Justin’s pushover ex-wife whom everyone thought came from the countryside was actually the daughter of the richest man in Hatchbay and heiress of KS Group? 
“Mom… Is this true? This bitch…” 
Bethany timidly pulled Shannon, but Shannon shook her off irritably. “Shut up!” 
Justin’s body was frozen in place. Thousands of emotions surged in his heart, and the overwhelming confusion and shock were too much to bear. 
How was it possible that his wife of three years, who had taken great care of my grandfather as a caregiver, was actually Wyatt Thompson’s daughter? 
Justin took a deep breath, walked up to Bella, opened his red eyes, and stared intently at her familiar yet estranged face. 
Bella pursed her lips and turned to look away. She felt guilty and annoyed, so she did not want to meet his overly piercing eyes. 
“Is it really you?” Justin’s voice was hoarse. 
“Yeah,” Bella replied coolly. Her eyes were blank.
“So, you were the one who went against the Gold family before, and you made me climb ten floors…” 
“Mr. Salvador, there’s no need to get into the details. It’s all me. I am Bella Thompson, the general manager of KS World Hotel and Wyatt Thompson’s daughter who has never shown her face in public.” 
Bella interrupted him with a cold voice, “But don’t get me wrong. As the top management of the hotel, I did everything based on the interests of the hotel, and I had no intention of targeting you. As for why I found a substitute to meet you at that time, I guess you’ve already figured out why. I concealed my identity so as not to cause unnecessary trouble. We can part ways amicably, so I didn’t want to see you in person.” 
Bella paused and lowered her eyelashes sadly. “I did lie to you about this, and I’m sorry for that.” 
She had lied to him again. This time, her deception was more outrageous than all the previous ones put together. 
However, Justin was not as angry as he imagined he would be. 
Instead of hating her for lying to him, Justin actually wanted to know why. 
Why did this billionaire heiress willingly change her identity and work as a lowly caregiver for 
his grandfather? Why was she willing to marry him despite the grievances she suffered when she knew that he did not love her? 
“So… You, Asher, and Axel…” 
“They are all my brothers from the same mother.” 
After Bella explained herself, she ignored him and walked toward Wyatt. 
Justin took a cold breath. His heart shrank, and his chest felt crushed.
At this time, Steven hurried over after hearing the news. When he saw Wyatt and Bella together, he was shocked for a moment before he figured out what happened. 
“Chairman Thompson, Ms. Bella.” 
“Steve, hold Asher. He’s drunk. I’m afraid Bella can’t support him.” 
Although Wyatt was so angry that his chest was about to explode, he did not want to lose his temper in front of the Salvadors, so he suppressed his anger for later. He would deal with his rebellious daughter after they left. 
Steven rushed forward and put his arms around Asher’s waist to support him. Justin wanted to help, but Bella coldly refused. 
“Mr. Salvador, you don’t have to worry. We can manage it ourselves.” 
Justin pursed his lips. His arms paused in midair awkwardly. 
Bella ordered in a serious tone, “Steve, please contact the director of Thompson Hospital and tell him that Asher may need a gastric lavage.” 
“Gastric lavage?! Isn’t he just drunk?” 
“Asher is not drunk.” 
Bella raised her eyes and swept her sharp gaze across the Salvadors. “It’s clear from his reaction that he was drugged!” 
Everyone was shocked. 
The three scheming women panicked, especially Bethany.
Her legs under her heavy dress were already trembling. 
Wyatt’s handsome face turned to frost. 
From the beginning, he felt that something was wrong with Asher. His son had a high 
tolerance for alcohol, so there was no way he would get drunk and lose his composure at Old Master Nigel’s birthday party. Sure enough, there was something fishy in this. 
Steven helped Asher to the car first.
###chapter196
Nigel’s face turned pale in anger, and his body trembled slightly. “Anna, what’s going on? Tell me what happened.” 
Although he knew that Bella was Wyatt’s daughter, he still could not kick the habit of calling 
her Anna. 
“How is this possible?!” 
Gregory thought he had very strict rules for his family, so he felt humiliated when he heard that something like this happened under his watch. “The level of security in the mansion is very high. It’s so tightly guarded that no outsiders can come in or leave as they please. Moreover, those who came to celebrate my father’s birthday tonight are relatives and close friends. Who in their right mind would do such a dirty and despicable thing in broad daylight? There must be a misunderstanding. Perhaps Mr. Thompson has food poisoning, or an allergic reaction, or…” 
“It doesn’t matter if you believe it or not. Thompson Hospital is very efficient. Everything will come to light once Asher’s blood work is out.” 
Bella raised her chin haughtily with a cold light in her eyes. “Also, you mentioned that this mansion is so tightly guarded that no outsiders can come in or leave as they please. Does that mean this is an inside job?” 
Gregory’s face turned pale for a moment, but he could not think of how to refute her. 
Rosalind hid behind the Salvadors in fear, staggering two steps back in fear. 
Rosalind comforted herself, ‘It’s okay… I’ll be fine… Bethany did it! I didn’t do anything…’
Bethany’s heart was beating like a drum. 
She had agreed to drug Asher, while Rosalind would deal with Anna. Why did Asher get drugged, but nothing happened to this bitch? 
Did Rosalind stay out of it? 
Bethany gritted her teeth and stared at Rosalind. ‘We promised to do it together, but you secretly backed out! You coward!’ 
“Ms. Brown-Thompson, you’re going overboard with your accusations!” 
Shannon was afraid that her schemes would be exposed, so she hurriedly chimed in. “We have no enmity with you or Mr. Thompson, so why would we harm him?” 
“That’s enough! You have no place to speak here!” Nigel could not bear it anymore and roared angrily. 
Shannon was scolded like a mere servant. She was so angry that she wanted to poison the old 
man. 
“You might not want to harm Asher, but you used him like a pawn. Whoever did this is targeting me.” Bella’s eyes were calm and fearless. 
Justin trembled as he glanced at Shannon and Bethany with gloomy and suspicious eyes. 
From the beginning, Justin felt it was strange that Asher and Wyatt, who were not on the guest list, suddenly showed up at Nigel’s birthday party. 
Justin recalled how Shannon revealed his relationship with Bella in front of Wyatt. Soon after, Asher and Bella were supposedly seen going into the same room.
All of this was too coincidental. 
“After I finished singing on stage, a maid came to me and said that Asher was feeling unwell, so he was resting in a room. She asked me to check on him, so I followed her out of concern and didn’t think much of it. I didn’t expect something like this to happen.” 
Bella clenched her teeth. Her charming eyes were red with resentment. “In order to protect me, Asher held glass fragments in his hand and hurt himself to keep a clear mind. That way, their schemes wouldn’t work. Since I’ve always concealed my identity, no one in the Salvador family knew that I was a Thompson and wanted to take revenge on me. But they never 
imagined that Asher and I were siblings. If they had known, they probably wouldn’t have used this trick.” 
Wyatt was distressed. He suppressed his anger and sneered. “Gregory, you’d better give me an explanation for tonight’s matter. Otherwise, I won’t let this slide!” 
“Chairman Thompson, I think there must be a misunderstanding.” Gregory was so anxious that he spoke quickly. 
Wyatt waved his hand irritably. “I don’t want to hear it! My son and daughter were plotted against in your house. My son is now unconscious. I don’t care if this is done by your family or someone else. This happened under your roof, so you must give me an explanation!” 
“Aren’t you making things difficult for me?” Gregory’s face flushed with anger. 
“Hah! Your son isn’t the one who is drugged right now! What’s so difficult about this?” 
Wyatt narrowed his eagle eyes and said, “Gregory, are you incapable of investigating, or do you not dare to investigate this?”
Gregory clenched his teeth, feeling dizzy with anger. 
When Bella saw her father standing up for her and Asher, she felt a surge of warmth in her heart. Her eyes teared up. 
Although Wyatt was a womanizer, he still looked out and protected his family. 
Rosalind’s gauze skirt was soaked with cold sweat, 
skirt was soaked with cold sweat, while Bethany was about to have a mental breakdown. She had already stepped back slowly while holding the hem of her dress, ready to 
run away. 
“Ms. Bethany, where are you going?” 
Bethany was so frightened by the sudden voice that she almost screamed. 
She looked up abruptly and saw Ryan walking toward them calmly. His charming eyes were chilly. 
Everyone saw that he was holding a sleeping girl in his arms. 
Bethany was infuriated. Hatred spread uncontrollably throughout her body. 
The girl Ryan was holding so carefully was Carrie.
###chapter197
Carrie slept soundly in Ryan’s arms, grabbing onto his shirt with her little hands. Her beautiful and long eyelashes fluttered gently. She looked like an angel that had fallen to earth. 
Ryan lowered his eyes. 
He had been with many women before, so he was quick to calm his desires. When he looked at Bethany again, his eyes were extremely sharp. “Ms. Bethany, if you leave now, you won’t be able to see the exciting segment that’s coming next.” 
“1… 
“I… I want to go to the bathroom.” Bethany’s forehead was sweating, and her heart was pounding. 
“You can still go after you see this.” 
Ryan hugged Carrie tightly and walked toward Bella and Justin calmly. 
Just as he walked past Bethany, she was shocked to see that his exposed neck was dotted with eye- catching red marks! 
Bethany’s spine stiffened, and her mind buzzed. 
Ryan did not seem drugged, so where did these hickeys come from? 
At this time, Carrie seemed to stir in her sleep because of a nightmare. 
Bethany’s heart thumped, and her eyes dimmed. 
Was Carrie the one who was drugged? Did Carrie and Ryan sleep together?!
Damn it! This fool got a bargain! 
“Carrie!” Bella and Justin said it in unison. 
“What’s wrong with my granddaughter?!” Nigel had not seen his youngest granddaughter all night. Seeing her being held by Ryan, Nigel felt nervous. 
Gregory and Shannon were also surprised and anxious. 
“Grandpa, Justin, don’t be afraid. Carrie is fine. I’m very experienced in dealing with this kind. of thing.” Ryan took a deep breath. 
“Experienced?” 
Justin frowned and said in a low voice, “Ryan, if you used your ‘experience’ on Carrie, I won’t let you off lightly!” 
“Tsk! Why are you so wary of me as if I’m a pervert?” Ryan coughed lightly. His eyes flickered. 
Bella was observant and noticed the red marks on his neck, but she did not say anything. She only glared at him. 
“Ryan! What’s going on? Tell me quickly!” Gregory asked anxiously. 
Ryan took a deep breath and spoke coldly. “Carrie was drugged. I found her in the bushes in the garden. The drug had already taken effect, so she was in critical condition. I made her drink a lot of water and gave her some medicine. She’s quite stable now, and she will be fine after sleeping it off.” 
Everyone was shocked. Shannon’s and Rosalind’s faces were grim. 
Nigel’s body shook, and he could no longer stand still. “What… Carrie is also drugged?” “Dad, calm down! Matt, help Dad!” Gregory was worried about his father’s health and hurriedly stepped forward to
support Nigel with Matt’s help. 
“Grandpa!” Bella was also worried about Nigel and stepped forward with concern. 
Wyatt sneered. Seeing his daughter so concerned over another fatherly figure, Wyatt felt jealous. 
“Right now, the situation is pretty clear.” 
Bella’s sharp eyes flickered between Bethany and Rosalind. “At that time, the only people sitting at the table with my eldest brother were Mr. Salvador and Mr. Hoffman. But the only one who was drugged at the table was my eldest brother. The other person who got drugged tonight was Carrie. Presumably, Carrie drank the glass of wine that should have been served with the glass that my brother drank. No one expected Carrie to drink it by mistake, which led to the current situation.” 
Justin and Ryan looked at her in admiration. 
This woman was clear-minded and logical in analyzing the current situation properly. 
“So, who should the wine that Carrie drank be given to? I don’t think that it should be Mr. Salvador, because the Salvador family would not be dumb enough to drug their own family members at their own banquet.” 
Bella’s words made everyone turn to Ryan. 
Ryan pursed his thin lips tightly. His charming eyes suddenly became cold and stern. 
What he hated most were people who used such despicable methods on him. He did not expect that someone would dare to drug him at Nigel’s birthday party. 
How dare they!
“Catch the maid that was involved in this.” 
Justin’s angry red eyes were sharp and murderous. “Bring her here. Ms. Thompson and I will interrogate her. Tonight, no one will be able to leave this mansion before Ms. Thompson gets an explanation!” 
Bella’s heart trembled as she looked at Justin’s determined face with disbelief. 
At this moment, the man also turned to look at her. Their hearts rippled when they met each other’s eyes.
###chapter198
“Justin! What do you mean by this? Are you going to lock us down? Are you treating us as suspects?!” Shannon was afraid that the matter would be exposed if this continued, so she strongly opposed the lockdown. 
“Aunt Shannon, you’re not suspects. I just want you all to cooperate with me in eliminating the scum hiding in the mansion.” 
Justin’s dark eyes were more intimidating than Gregory’s. “If you didn’t do anything wrong, you shouldn’t fret or have any ions to this.” 
“Right!” 
Nigel said angrily, “We will never tolerate such a shameful act! We must get to the bottom of it and give Anna and Mr. Thompson an explanation!” 
Bethany was so flustered that her teeth chattered. Shannon was also speechless. 
“Mr. Salvador!” 
At this time, Ian came with two bodyguards and the maid in tow. 
The bodyguards threw the maid to the floor. The maid’s legs became weak, and she fell in front of everyone. 
“Fortunately, you gave the order in time. I took the surveillance footage and blocked the front and back doors. Sure enough, this woman was sneaking around and trying to crawl out of the dog hole in the garden. I caught her red-handed.”
Bella was shocked. 
When did Justin realize something was wrong? He was so quick to act. 
“Tsk! She’s basically confessing to her crimes by doing this.” 
Ryan stared at the maid with sharp eyes. “What else is there to interrogate? Who in their right mind would go through a dog hole?” 
“We must interrogate her.” 
Justin’s dark eyes were like glaciers. “I want to catch the person who put the bait.” 
“Mr. Salvador… I have an emergency at home. All the doors are locked, so I have no choice but to crawl out through the garden… I didn’t do anything… I don’t know anything!” The maid quivered. 
“I remember you were the one who served us drinks earlier,” Ryan said. 
“You were also the one who asked me to go to the room to take care of my eldest brother,” Bella added coldly. 
“Mr. Salvador, I’ve checked the surveillance footage. No one interacted with her from the pantry to the banquet hall. That means no one except her touched the drinks on your table.” Ian added his suspicions. 
“But this doesn’t mean that I spiked the drinks…” The maid was sweating profusely and struggling to breathe. 
“Huh? That’s weird.” 
Bella tilted her head and blinked her shrewd eyes. “We didn’t tell you what happened. How did you know that someone spiked the drinks?”
Everyone looked at the maid with a complicated and suspicious gaze. 
“I… I heard it when I came here…” The maid’s face turned red with embarrassment. 
“You heard it? Do you have super hearing?” 
Ian could not bear to listen to her explanation. He took out his phone and clicked on the surveillance footage. Then he handed it to Justin. “Mr. Salvador, I checked the surveillance footage for this woman’s movements. It’s true that we couldn’t see that she had spiked the drinks.” 
)) 
When the maid heard this, she secretly breathed a sigh of relief. Bethany also let out a sigh of relief. 
“But I found this.” 
Justin held the phone. Bella was curious and came over to take a look. 
The man subconsciously leaned toward her. 
Their foreheads suddenly collided, and they both looked up. Bella felt burned by Justin’s intense gaze, so she pursed her lips and lowered her eyes. 
Justin’s long eyelashes trembled slightly. Inexplicably, he felt a burning desire in his heart. 
On the screen, the maid looked left and right by the trash can in the backyard before discarding the empty vials. This was captured in high definition. 
“This woman had deliberately avoided the cameras in the mansion, but the backyard was dense with greenery, so she didn’t notice that one of the cameras was blocked by the branches. That’s how we captured the scene of her destroying the evidence on camera.”
Ian sneered. “In the end, she’s not careful enough.” 
“No, no! I only threw away the medicine that I took for myself. It was just an ordinary painkiller. It was not a drug!” The maid tried her best to argue. She would not give up. 
“Ian, did you bring the evidence?” Justin ignored her and asked in a deep voice. 
“Yes.” 
Ian took out two vials from the plastic bag and handed them to Justin respectfully. 
Justin clenched his jaw and raised the plastic bag. “There is still some residue in the vials. Take it to the hospital for testing immediately. If the substance found isn’t painkillers, take this woman to the police station immediately and make sure she gets punished for her crimes.’ 
Seeing that she was discovered, the maid cried and kneeled at Justin’s feet. “Mr. Salvador, please spare me! I didn’t want to spike the drinks. It’s…” 
The maid turned around abruptly and pointed at Bethany. “It’s Ms. Bethany’s idea! She ordered me to do this!”
###chapter199
Everyone’s sharp eyes turned to Bethany. 
“Bethany… Did you really do this?!” Nigel was shocked. 
Ryan narrowed his eyes slightly and glared at the frightened Bethany. 
If Carrie had not mistakenly drunk that glass of wine, he would have become this insidious woman’s plaything! 
Bella lowered her eyelids and showed no emotion. She curled her red lips slightly, as if she had seen through all the conspiracies. 
“You! How dare you slander me?!” 
Bethany yelled and tried to rush forward in anger, but Shannon stopped her. “I am the chairman’s daughter! You’d better think clearly about the consequences before tarnishing my reputation!” 
Although she sounded tough, she was actually scared to death. 
However, she could not rat out Rosalind because it would just show that she was also involved in the drugging. 
Bethany was sweating profusely. That was when she realized that she had been tricked by that bitch, Rosalind. 
“How can you be so vicious? Our family treats all servants well, but you wanted to drug these two young masters and blamed it on me when your evil deeds were exposed. You evil witch! Last time,
Bethany only reprimanded you, but you held a grudge and wanted to drag my daughter down with you, right? Dream on!” 
As Shannon said that, she pulled Gregory’s arm anxiously. “Greg! Call the police and arrest this vicious woman! She is slandering our daughter!” 
Gregory naturally did not believe that his beloved daughter would do something so despicable, so he shouted sternly, “Guards, tie her up and call the police!” 
“I didn’t…. I didn’t! It was Ms. Bethany! She also said that she would give me a large sum of money after I completed the task! That way, I can live a good life and never have to be bossed around again! Ms. Bethany, how can you not admit your fault?! You wanted to seduce Mr. Hoffman! Please say something!” The maid stared at Bethany with red eyes and shouted hysterically. 
Shannon wanted to plug her mouth with a dirty rag and ordered for the maid to be dragged 
out. 
She was sure that the maid had no evidence to point it back to Bethany. Otherwise, she would have produced it long ago. 
At this point, Bella figured out the entire situation, but she still felt that it was too simple. 
She had lived with the Salvadors for three years and knew Bethany relatively well. She felt that Bethany’s pea-brain would never be able to come up with such a vicious and roundabout plan. 
This seemed more like Shannon’s idea, but Shannon would not drug her own daughter. 
Therefore, Bella had reason to suspect that the mastermind behind this was Rosalind. 
At this moment, Bella keenly caught a hint of the sinister smile on Rosalind’s face.
Anger surged in her heart, but she forced herself to suppress it. After all, Bella had no evidence…. or reason to doubt Rosalind. Instead, it would seem like she was randomly targeting Rosalind. Bella did not want to give Rosalind a chance to slither away. 
“Chairman Thompson, what happened this time is indeed a serious oversight in the management of our household staff. We are deeply sorry for causing such trouble.” 
Gregory said to Wyatt in a solemn tone, “Please accept our sincere apology for not vetting our staff properly.” 
Wyatt seemed to be smiling, but he did not say a word. 
Gregory’s face was grim. ‘The old fox Wyatt is just trying to make me look bad for not accepting my apology!’ 
Justin did not agree with jumping to a conclusion like that. His eyes were cold, and he said, No, this is obviously…” 
“Dad, since Chairman Salvador has apologized to us and the maid who drugged Asher has been discovered, let’s just leave it as it is tonight.” 
Bella interrupted Justin. “After all, nothing serious happened to us. Both our families are well respected in Savrow. If this gets too big, it’ll just be embarrassing. Let’s just be the bigger person and let it go.” 
Justin looked at her in surprise. 
No, something was definitely wrong. 
The former Anna might swallow this grievance, but Bella Thompson would never let it slide!
Justin could not forget the fierce look in her eyes when Asher was drugged. She looked like an enraged little beast that wanted to tear the mastermind to pieces. How could she let it go so easily? 
Was she planning a more lethal counterattack? 
When Ryan heard Anna call Wyatt, “dad”, he was so shocked that her eyes almost popped out, and his mind went blank. 
He had not noticed that Anna recognized such a powerful father. It seemed like the gap between him and Bella was growing. 
“Gregory, I’m only accepting your apology because of my daughter.” Wyatt’s tone was cold. Everyone could hear how reluctant he was to accept this explanation. 
Bethany saw that she had escaped, so she leaned into Shannon’s arms tiredly. Shannon took the opportunity and quickly left with her daughter.
###chapter200
The birthday banquet began with glory and ended in disgrace. 
After such a farce, Nigel had no intention of celebrating his birthday anymore. Wyatt and Bella also did not stay any longer. 
The Salvadors sent Bella and Wyatt out. Justin walked silently beside Bella along the way. He wanted to say something, but he hesitated several times. 
Wyatt kept scanning Justin in his peripheral vision. If his eyes were machine guns, Justin would have been dead by now. 
Wyatt thought, ‘How dare this brat marry my most precious daughter?! He’s so lucky to get Bella to love him so much. The only good thing about him is his looks! Bah!’ 
“Chairman Thompson!” 
Rosalind caught up to them and looked at Wyatt innocently. “I’m really sorry that I misunderstood what happened tonight… I really didn’t know that Ms. Brown was your daughter, so I misunderstood that she was in a relationship with Mr. Thompson…” 
Wyatt held back his anger and kept walking without sparing a glance at her. “Ms. Gold, if Bella wasn’t my daughter, would you have added fuel to the fire and stirred up trouble?” 
“I didn’t mean that…” Rosalind was so frightened that her heart twitched. 
Justin recalled how Rosalind had reported Bella and Asher’s “affair” in front of Wyatt and Nigel. Her eyes were so sinister that he felt estranged from her.
His thin lips curled into a cold arc as he felt an overwhelming sense of disappointment. 
“Ms. Gold, I advise you not to jump to conclusions if you don’t know the whole story. Words can be more detrimental than actions. If it were another girl, how would you ask her to explain herself? You’re just harming others by doing this.” Wyatt shook his head and quickened his 
pace. 
Rosalind watched as they walked away. Her eyes were filled with hatred. Even Justin did not stay back for her. She could not help but feel a chill all over her body, as if someone had poured cold water all over her. 
Outside the door, four luxury cars were lined up. Steven led several bodyguards to greet Wyatt and Bella. 
“Anna! Wait!” 
Nigel could not help but hold Bella’s hand with tears in his eyes. “Anna, why did you suddenly become Wyatt’s daughter? Why didn’t you tell us about your identity? Why did you want to be my caregiver?” 
Bella sighed sadly. “I concealed my identity and married Justin because of the century-old grudge between our families. We’re not allowed to marry anyone from the Salvador family. Moreover, our families are business rivals, so my identity is too sensitive. If I say that I’m Wyatt’s daughter, I probably won’t get the chance to be by your side…” 
Wyatt and Gregory had intriguing expressions, while Justin’s heart was filled with bitterness and mixed feelings. 
“You silly girl, you think too much!”
Nigel felt heartbroken. He squeezed her little hand and said, “To hell with that ancestral grudge! That’s all nonsense. I never said that you couldn’t marry into my family. As long as you’re in love and good for each other, why can’t you be together? I fully support you and Justin being together! I’m shipping you two!” 
Bella chuckled. This cute old man sure knew modern slang. 
“Grandpa, I’m not a good person. I have lied to you for so long. Justin and I aren’t in love with each other either. So, even without the ancestral grudge, we still can’t be together.” 
Justin felt suffocated. There was a look of despair in his eyes. 
“Grandpa, now that your birthday is over, Justin and I have to finalize the divorce.” 
When Bella said this, she felt a vivid pain as if she had been stabbed. She hugged Nigel with red eyes and continued, “Although I will no longer be your granddaughter-in-law, I am always your Anna, and you will always be my grandpa. Grandpa, I love you forever. You must stay healthy and live a long life.” 
Nigel hugged her tightly and sobbed. 
Seeing that Bella was about to get in the car, Justin finally could not hold it in anymore and rushed forward to grab her. 
Bella was no longer someone he could easily approach. 
He wanted to touch her hand, but he stiffly and reluctantly retracted his hand. 
“Can you answer one question?” 
Bella froze and looked back coldly.
“When you concealed your identity and married me, was it only because of the relationship between the two families?” 
Justin’s thin lips trembled slightly. He looked at her deeply, as if this was the last time he would see her. 
“Yes.” Bella looked tired and only responded softly. 
“Why did you marry me?” 
Justin was unreconciled. His eyes were red as he asked, “You’re the heiress of KS Group, so you have no financial worries. When my grandfather proposed that you marry me, you knew that it was a contract marriage, and you knew that there was no future… Why did you still want to marry me?!”
###chapter201
Contract marriage?! 
Wyatt’s eyes darkened. He was so angry that he really wanted to punch Justin in the face. 
However, Wyatt could not understand his own daughter. 
He originally thought that Bella was crazy enough to go on the battlefield and save lives by healing the wounded at the risk of being blown to pieces. 
Unexpectedly, his fearless daughter disappeared for three years just so she could marry the son of his mortal enemy! On top of that, it was just a contract marriage! 
At this moment, Wyatt wanted to dig out Bella’s brain to see what she was thinking. 
Justin’s eyes widened, and his chest felt stuffy, making him unable to breathe. 
Bella was leaving him completely. Their three-year marriage would end with the unsatisfactory ending of his grandfather’s birthday party. 
However, Justin did not want to be kept in the dark. He wanted an answer. 
“If I remember correctly, we met for the first time three years ago. Why didn’t you refuse when Grandpa asked you to marry me?” 
Bella’s bright eyes narrowed into two sharp cat eyes. She looked at him mercilessly and said, “We’re divorced, so why are you still holding on to such an insignificant thing? Just take it as I was bored and 
wanted to experience married life. Coincidentally, Grandpa gave me a chance.”
“Bella!” 
Justin called her by her real name and said in a hoarse voice, “I just want an answer. I want to hear the 
truth!” 
“Mr. Salvador, there’s no point pursuing the past. You should look forward to the bright future ahead. Don’t dwell on unnecessary things and move on.” 
After saying that, Bella generously extended her right hand to Justin. “We will be business rivals the 
next time we meet. I won’t show you any mercy, so I hope you do the same, Mr. Salvador. Don’t think about our past relationship and compete with me with all your strength.” 
Bella wanted to say “our past love”, but she thought that it was not accurate to say that because he had never loved her. 
Justin felt as if a piece of his heart had been taken away. He took a deep breath, but he could not shake her hand. 
It seemed that if he shook her hand, they would never meet again. 
Bella shrugged and got into the car without saying another word. 
Just as the luxury car’s engine started, Bella lowered the window and raised her bright face to look at Justin. 
Justin’s heart was beating violently. What she said next made him freeze on the spot. 
“Mr. Salvador, see you at City Hall at 9:00 a.m. tomorrow.
The luxury car drove away in front of Justin. He felt like those heavy wheels seemed to have run over 
and crushed his heart. 
Behind him, Nigel wiped away his tears, while Gregory’s expression was complicated. 
“What? Now you think of how great Ms. Thompson was after she left? Do you regret it now?” Nigel glanced at Gregory in displeasure. 
Gregory said, “Dad, I…” 
“Justin’s behavior is the same as yours! He treats treasure like trash and thinks trash is treasure. How blind! Hmph!” 
Gregory was frustrated and gritted his teeth, not daring to say a word. 
He never thought that a caregiver from the countryside, who had not complained about her grievances for three years, would become the most beloved daughter of the richest man in Hatchbay just after the divorce.
###chapter202
Although the Salvador family was also a prominent and wealthy family in Savrow, if the news of Justin and Bella’s marriage got out, their stock prices would increase exponentially. 
However, this was all in vain now. 
The night sky was pitch black. Bella was sitting in the car, looking out the window. Her eyes were distant, and her heart felt cold. 
She repeatedly recalled the look in Justin’s eyes when he asked her why she married him. They looked so broken and dejected, as if she had abandoned him. 
Bella clenched her fists and shook her head vigorously. ‘I can’t sympathize with that man! Sympathy is the beginning of a tragedy.’ 
It was impossible for Justin to fall in love with her. If he could fall in love with her, wouldn’t three years be enough? Why would Justin look so bitter and hateful now, as if she was the one who forced the divorce on him? He was probably just pretending because Wyatt was present, and he wanted to excuse his neglect and ruthlessness, right? 
“So, why did you marry him?” Wyatt gritted his teeth, clenched his fists, and looked at his daughter. 
Bella rolled her eyes in frustration. “Wyatt, don’t ask for more details. It’s all in the past.” 
“In the past, my ass!” 
Wyatt yelled, frightening both the driver and Steven, who was in the passenger seat. “My most precious daughter quietly married that Salvador brat for three years, and you still end up divorced! If I hadn’t attended Nigel’s birthday party today, were you planning to hide this from me for the rest of your life?!”
“So, why did you go? Did Gregory invite you?” Bella tried to change the subject. 
“Don’t you dare change the subject!” 
“Well…” Bella pressed her lower lip and said, “Because he’s handsome…” 
“He’s handsome?! Which of my sons is not more handsome than Justin Salvador?!” 
“But none of your sons can marry me!” 
Wyatt was rendered speechless for a moment. He continued to yell, “Then how much did they give you? What are your wedding gifts? How many pieces of jewelry, villas, and cars did you get? How much of their shares do you own? Why didn’t I see the media reporting about your wedding? It’s such a big event for the Salvador Corporation’s president to get married. Knowing Gregory, he’ll make a big deal out of it, especially if he has a daughter-in-law from such a wealthy background as you. Why didn’t he prance around in the streets like a smug cat?” 
“Wyatt, you must have forgotten that I used a fake identity to marry Justin for the past three years. They didn’t even know that I was your daughter.” 
Bella was a little disappointed at first, but she almost laughed when she heard what her father said. ” Also, I don’t like being high-profile, so I kept everything simple.” 
Wyatt remembered how the Salvadors were insinuating “Anna” earlier and was so furious that he wished he could bankrupt them by tomorrow. 
“You would rather suffer for three years and marry this boy with a fake identity? Bella, are you crazy, stupid, or possessed?! This is not the way my daughter behaves!” Even Wyatt looked at her in 
disbelief.
Bella was not crazy, stupid, or possessed. She just loved Justin so much that she wanted to marry him 
at all costs. 
She smiled bitterly, took hold of Wyatt’s cold hand, and gently covered it with hers. 
“In the past three years, Justin has never mistreated me. We had a good time together. Don’t worry about me, Dad. Look, aren’t I back now?” 
“What else can you do if you don’t come home?” 
Wyatt was angry and distressed. His handsome and strong features were contorted with anger. He looked like he had suddenly aged several years. “Fine, since you got married with a fake identity. Justin’s ex-wife is Anna Brown the fool, not my Bella. My Bella is still the best and most precious baby 
in the world that no man deserves!” 
“Exactly! It’s all about the perspective!” Bella hugged her father and leaned on his shoulder.
###chapter203
After the birthday banquet, Nigel was worried about Carrie and asked his personal doctor to come 
over and check up on her. Only then did the old man feel reassured. 
In the corridor, two handsome men stood leaning against the window sill. 
Justin asked Ryan for a cigarette, lit it, and took a deep puff. The smoke filled the air. 
“Anna… Her real name is Bella Thompson, and she is the legendary daughter of Wyatt Thompson?!” Ryan still felt like it was all just a dream. 
“Yeah.” Justin’s fingers trembled as he flicked the cigarette ashes. 
“Fuck! Justin, you won the jackpot! How did you get so lucky?!” 
Ryan patted Justin’s shoulder heavily. His charming eyes were sparkling. “You unknowingly became Wyatt’s ex-son-in-law. If you hadn’t divorced her, wouldn’t your net worth and career soar by now? You have the richest man in Hatchbay as your backer. Do you think your father and your evil stepmother will dare to bully you again? The entire Salvador Corporation will be in your grasp.’ 
“Even without Bella, Salvador Corporation would still be in my hands.” 
Justin blew out a smoke ring and glanced at Ryan resentfully. “Do you think that I’m a useless man who needs to rely on women to get to my position?” 
“No, you’re not destined for that carefree life. You’re a workaholic destined to work all your life!” 
Justin was speechless.
“I just feel that it’s such a pity. If you could use the Thompson family’s influence, you could’ve retired ten years earlier!” Ryan sighed with regret. 
Justin crushed the cigarette butt and felt empty and regretful, but he said the opposite to Ryan. 
“I just don’t understand why she wanted to marry me back then.” 
“I don’t understand either. You have a bad temper, and you’re so unromantic. You even love someone else! She would be better off marrying me than you.” Ryan spoke bluntly. 
“Ryan, do you think that Wyatt will like you? Are you worthy of Bella?” Justin’s eyes darkened. He had the urge to strangle Ryan. 
“At the very least, I’m not as petty as you. You just assume the worst of her when you see her with another man. Based on this alone, I think I would get more points than you in front of Bella. Don’t you agree?” 
Ryan wanted to laugh. “Oh, right! Remember how you used to make trouble for her every day because she was close to Asher? You even said so many unpleasant things to her. Don’t you regret it now?” 
“Who asked her to hide her identity from me?” Justin was infuriated when he thought of this. 
“You’re divorced, so there’s no need for her to tell you her true identity. Besides, if you had any trust in her, you wouldn’t have done all those shitty things. That’s why I think that you two wouldn’t have lasted long anyway. You have no feelings, no trust, and no responsibility for Ms. Thompson. I can only say that I admire her willpower to endure all this for three years. If I were her, I would’ve left you in a heartbeat.” 
Ryan could see everything clearly as a bystander. At this moment, his analysis pierced through Justin’s inner thoughts.
Justin’s thin lips were pursed tightly, and the veins on the back of his clenched fists were bulging. 
Ryan squeezed Justin’s broad shoulders and smiled confidently. “Bro, I have learned an important lesson from you. I promise to never follow in your footsteps and learn from your mistakes. Whether she is Anna Brown or Bella Thompson, I will definitely pursue her as best I can. Wish me luck!” 
“Get lost!” 
If looks could kill, Justin would have chopped Ryan into pieces. 
“Alright, I’ll leave.” 
Before leaving, Ryan suddenly paused and narrowed his eyes intriguingly. “Are you just going to forget about what happened tonight?” 
“Shannon and Bethany are inevitably involved in this.” 
Justin’s voice was as deep. “Even if I have evidence, Gregory will suppress this matter because he wouldn’t want a family scandal to be made public. So I can only suppress them in other ways to teach them a lesson.” 
“Ms. Thompson turned out fine this time, but what if…” 
“Then Shannon and Bethany will be the ones taken away by the police tonight!” 
Ryan took a breath of cold air. 
At this moment, Justin’s body exuded such chill and hostility. If anything happened to Bella, he would kill them all without leaving a trace. 
Justin felt a sense of crisis all of a sudden.
“What about your fiancée? When Bella was in trouble, Rosalind was the first one to spread the news to Chairman Thompson. Aren’t you suspicious of her?” 
Justin’s eyebrows furrowed. Annoyance and suspicion filled his heart. 
After the birthday banquet, Nigel was worried about Carrie and asked his personal doctor to come 
over and check up on her. Only then did the old man feel reassured. 
In the corridor, two handsome men stood leaning against the window sill. 
Justin asked Ryan for a cigarette, lit it, and took a deep puff. The smoke filled the air. 
“Anna… Her real name is Bella Thompson, and she is the legendary daughter of Wyatt Thompson?!” Ryan still felt like it was all just a dream. 
“Yeah.” Justin’s fingers trembled as he flicked the cigarette ashes. 
“Fuck! Justin, you won the jackpot! How did you get so lucky?!” 
Ryan patted Justin’s shoulder heavily. His charming eyes were sparkling. “You unknowingly became Wyatt’s ex-son-in-law. If you hadn’t divorced her, wouldn’t your net worth and career soar by now? You have the richest man in Hatchbay as your backer. Do you think your father and your evil stepmother will dare to bully you again? The entire Salvador Corporation will be in your grasp.’ 
“Even without Bella, Salvador Corporation would still be in my hands.” 
Justin blew out a smoke ring and glanced at Ryan resentfully. “Do you think that I’m a useless man who needs to rely on women to get to my position?”
“No, you’re not destined for that carefree life. You’re a workaholic destined to work all your life!” 
Justin was speechless. 
“I just feel that it’s such a pity. If you could use the Thompson family’s influence, you could’ve retired ten years earlier!” Ryan sighed with regret. 
Justin crushed the cigarette butt and felt empty and regretful, but he said the opposite to Ryan. 
“I just don’t understand why she wanted to marry me back then.” 
“I don’t understand either. You have a bad temper, and you’re so unromantic. You even love someone else! She would be better off marrying me than you.” Ryan spoke bluntly. 
“Ryan, do you think that Wyatt will like you? Are you worthy of Bella?” Justin’s eyes darkened. He had the urge to strangle Ryan. 
“At the very least, I’m not as petty as you. You just assume the worst of her when you see her with another man. Based on this alone, I think I would get more points than you in front of Bella. Don’t you agree?” 
Ryan wanted to laugh. “Oh, right! Remember how you used to make trouble for her every day because she was close to Asher? You even said so many unpleasant things to her. Don’t you regret it now?” 
“Who asked her to hide her identity from me?” Justin was infuriated when he thought of this. 
“You’re divorced, so there’s no need for her to tell you her true identity. Besides, if you had any trust in her, you wouldn’t have done all those shitty things. That’s why I think that you two wouldn’t have lasted long anyway. You have no feelings, no trust, and no responsibility for Ms. Thompson. I can only say
that I admire her willpower to endure all this for three years. If I were her, I would’ve left you in a heartbeat.” 
Ryan could see everything clearly as a bystander. At this moment, his analysis pierced through Justin’s inner thoughts. 
Justin’s thin lips were pursed tightly, and the veins on the back of his clenched fists were bulging. 
Ryan squeezed Justin’s broad shoulders and smiled confidently. “Bro, I have learned an important lesson from you. I promise to never follow in your footsteps and learn from your mistakes. Whether she is Anna Brown or Bella Thompson, I will definitely pursue her as best I can. Wish me luck!” 
“Get lost!” 
If looks could kill, Justin would have chopped Ryan into pieces. 
“Alright, I’ll leave.” 
Before leaving, Ryan suddenly paused and narrowed his eyes intriguingly. “Are you just going to forget about what happened tonight?” 
“Shannon and Bethany are inevitably involved in this.” 
Justin’s voice was as deep. “Even if I have evidence, Gregory will suppress this matter because he wouldn’t want a family scandal to be made public. So I can only suppress them in other ways to teach them a lesson.” 
“Ms. Thompson turned out fine this time, but what if…” 
“Then Shannon and Bethany will be the ones taken away by the police tonight!” 
Ryan took a breath of cold air.
At this moment, Justin’s body exuded such chill and hostility. If anything happened to Bella, he would kill them all without leaving a trace. 
Justin felt a sense of crisis all of a sudden. 
“What about your fiancée? When Bella was in trouble, Rosalind was the first one to spread the news to Chairman Thompson. Aren’t you suspicious of her?” 
Justin’s eyebrows furrowed. Annoyance and suspicion filled his heart.
###chapter204
Justin never believed in coincidences. 
However, he hoped, for Rosalind’s sake, that this was really just a coincidence. 
“Mr. Salvador!” 
Ian ran over, panting, and handed the phone to Justin. “I have screened through the surveillance footage for all movements of Madam Shannon, Ms. Bethany, and Ms. Gold tonight. Please take a look.” 
“Good job! You’re quite efficient!” Upon hearing this, Ryan stopped in his footsteps and turned back to take a look. 
Justin lowered his eyes and watched closely, breathing heavily. 
“In the video, Ms. Gold had close contact with Madam Shannon and Ms. Bethany. What’s even weirder is…” 
Ian’s eyes darkened as he continued, “I didn’t see Ms. Gold anywhere near the room where Mr. Thompson and Ms. Thompson were at when I checked the surveillance footage.” 
“Hah! This is interesting.” 
Ryan laughed. “If she never showed up there, how did she allegedly see Mr. Thompson and Ms. Thompson going into the same room?” 
Justin frowned deeply. There was a buzzing sound in his ear, and he felt like he had been slapped in the face. 
The Salvadors were gathered in the front hall. Rosalind was also there.
Bethany’s face was pale. She said she was feeling unwell, but in fact, she was frightened by what happened tonight. 
Fortunately, Gregory believed Bethany unconditionally. Shannon also supported her, so Bethany escaped suspicion. 
At this moment, Bethany was glaring at Rosalind, who looked innocent. She really wanted to scratch Rosalind’s duplicitous face. 
“I really didn’t expect that we would allow a liar to marry Justin.” Shannon hugged Bethany’s shoulders and sat on the sofa. She was furious when she thought of how Bella stole the limelight tonight.” 
“Yeah! She actually concealed her true identity and stayed with Justin for three years. It’s scary to think about it… Is this considered fraud?” Rosalind asked, pretending to be worried. 
“Hah! You guys are quite good at orchestrating this performance, huh? Why didn’t you two clowns go on stage and perform for my birthday?” Nigel glared at them and sneered. 
Shannon and Rosalind’s expressions instantly froze. 
At this time, Justin walked over with a sullen face. He had heard Nigel’s words clearly. 
“You two keep saying that Ms. Thompson is a fraud. But what did she take from you? Was it money, shares, or property? Ms. Thompson fulfilled her duties as a wife to Justin. She was respectful to her elders, polite to Bethany, and took good care of Carrie. Even when Justin divorced her, she left without taking a penny from us. So, how did she defraud you?” 
Nigel was old, but he was not senile. Instead, his mind was clear and sharp. “You three have tortured Ms. Thompson over the past three years. Although I didn’t live here with you all, I know what goes on 
behind closed doors!”
“Dad, we know what kind of person Ms. Thompson is. Shannon only voiced her worries…” Gregory gritted his teeth and spoke up to smooth things over. 
“I think you thought the same of her until you found out that she was Wyatt’s daughter, right?” 
Nigel leaned back and looked at Gregory scornfully. “It’s too late to regret it. You didn’t want a billionaire heiress as your daughter-in-law and insisted on choosing this woman from a poor family who has a million lawsuits and is on the verge of bankruptcy. Gregory, don’t you think that your net worth would be several times higher if you had Bella Thompson as your daughter-in-law? Haven’t you always wanted to expand your business in Hatchbay? Don’t you think you’re at a loss now?” 
Gregory gritted his teeth. His face was flushed with embarrassment. 
Even Shannon could see her husband’s regret for choosing Rosalind over Bella and felt vexed. 
Bella was indeed the best of the elites. She was Wyatt’s only daughter from his first wife. In comparison, the Gold family could not hold a candle to the Thompsons. It was no wonder Gregory would be upset. 
Justin’s pale lips parted slightly. Just as he was about to speak, Rosalind said angrily, “Grandpa, I know you have always looked down on me and my family, but love can’t be measured in terms of money. So what if the Thompson family is rich? Justin and I truly love each other. We are childhood 
sweethearts, and I accompanied Justin through his worst childhood trauma. Our relationship is irreplaceable!” 
With that, Rosalind ran over to Justin and tugged at the corner of his shirt anxiously. “Justin, please say something!” 
Justin lowered his eyes feebly and stared at her with an indifferent look that she had never seen
before. 
At this moment, Justin tried hard to recall every bit of his childhood spent with this woman. 
However, he found that his mind was blank. Those beautiful memories he treasured gradually 
became distant and finally turned into nothing. 
In the end, the light in his eyes was extinguished. His hoarse voice was filled with exhaustion and disappointment. 
“Rose, let’s put our marriage on hold for now.”
###chapter205
Justin said those few words calmly. His heart was numb. 
However, that sentence was like a nuclear bomb that landed on Rosalind’s head. She was stunned, and her cheeks burned, as if she had been slapped. 
Gregory and Shannon were also dumbfounded. Only Bethany could not help but smile sinisterly. 
After what happened tonight, Bethany finally saw Rosalind’s true colors. Rosalind used her as a scapegoat, so Bethany did not want Rosalind to marry into her family. 
The wedding was only postponed. If it was up to Bethany, she would cancel the wedding and beat 
Rosalind to death. 
“Justin… Do you not want me anymore?!” 
Rosalind was shocked. She held Justin’s arm tightly as tears streamed down her face. “Is it because Anna happens to be Wyatt Thompson’s daughter? Is that why you’re going to abandon me? Do you regret divorcing her?!” 
“Whether she is Anna Brown or Bella Thompson has nothing to do with us.” 
Justin slowly and resolutely pushed her hand away. His stunning eyes were cold. “I warned you not to cause trouble for her again, but what did you do? You repeatedly framed and slandered her, and even pushed her to the forefront. I don’t understand why you hate her so much.” 
“No! Justin! I just wanted you to see Anna’s true colors. I didn’t want you to be bewitched by her again!”
Rosalind rushed forward in panic, but Justin took a step back. She missed him and almost fell to the floor. 
“She has been lying to you from the beginning! You’re going to ruin our relationship of more than ten years just because of a wicked woman with ulterior motives… Don’t you feel sorry for me?!” 
“She lied to me, but she never harmed anyone.” 
Justin thought of Bella’s bright smile, which was once only for him, and felt regretful. His eyes were red as he said in a cold voice, “That’s it. You and I should take a break to calm down and think about whether we are truly suitable for each other.” 
Rosalind watched the man leave. She felt like someone was strangling her throat, and she could not breathe. 
How could this happen? How did they end up like this?! 
Her dream wedding was gone just like that. Rosalind refused to accept this and swore to marry Justin at all costs. 
After more than ten years of strategizing, Rosalind would not allow that bitch, Bella, to ruin her plans. 
“Hmph! My grandson is a devoted person in relationships, but he’s not a fool. He can still 
differentiate right from wrong! Ms. Gold, I thought you could at least keep up the act until Justin marries you before you show your true colors. I didn’t expect you to expose your devious thoughts so 
soon. 
Nigel became angrier as he spoke. The tip of his nose turned red. “It’s all your own doing that you two end up like this. You have repeatedly twisted the story, sowed discord, and bullied Anna!”
“Old Master, the young madam’s name is Bella now, not Anna…” Matt reminded Nigel in a low voice. 
“Oh, what does it matter? It’s all the same!” Nigel did not care. 
Rosalind’s fingers were intertwined. She was so angry and embarrassed that she did not know what 
to do. 
Bethany, who was on the side, shrugged her shoulders and wanted to laugh. She felt relieved that Rosalind had been punished. 
“Let’s go, Matt! I need a drink and some food!” 
“Um… Old Master, you’ve drank a lot today during the party. For the sake of your health…”- 
“I’m happier now than when I was at the party. Just do as I say. Don’t be such a nag…” 
Nigel muttered and left with Matt. 
The air in the living room was tense. 
“Greg! Greg, you must persuade Justin to change his mind! The news of their marriage is widely known, so how can he cancel it now? It will only embarrass our family!” 
Shannon was furious. She shook Gregory’s arm frantically, acting just like Rosalind. “You are Justin’s father, so he will definitely listen to you! Rose has waited for him for so many years. How can he just back out of the marriage so easily?” 
Gregory usually doted on his beloved wife, but at this moment, he felt annoyed by her. His tone became a little colder as he said, “Is this the first day you know Justin? He’s stubborn and never goes back on his word. He is never impulsive and always thinks through the consequences before acting on
###chapter206
Gregory said, “Back then, Justin didn’t even inform me about the divorce. Now that he wants to cancel his wedding with Rosalind, he won’t even care about my opinion.” 
“How is that the same?!” 
Shannon’s voice was shrill and not as gentle as usual. “Justin doesn’t love Bella Thompson at all. He and Rose are childhood sweethearts. They have deep feelings for each other!” 
“Right. I really don’t understand why your niece is still not satisfied when they have such deep feelings for each other. Why can’t she just be content and wait for Justin to marry her? Instead, she 
insists on finding trouble with Ms. Thompson. What your niece did tonight by tattling in front of Wyatt before understanding the situation is what’s embarrassing to the Salvador family! There is absolutely no way I will help her in this matter. I won’t intervene in her marriage with Justin anymore.” 
Gregory thought of his father mocking him and felt stuffy in his chest. He glared at Rosalind and added, “If I had known that you’d cause so much trouble, I would’ve advised Justin not to divorce Bella! You’re not only inferior to us in status, but you also keep causing trouble for the family. There is too big of a gap between you and Justin, so there is no point in forcing a marriage.” 
Seeing that Gregory had given up on Rosalind, Shannon slumped her shoulders, feeling as if her plans to get rich were collapsing. 
“Aunt Shannon, what should we do now?” Rosalind’s eyes were swollen from crying. She was twitching and could barely breathe. 
“Hahaha! You deserve this!”
Bethany no longer looked “unwell”. She clapped her hands and gloated. “Why did you use me as a scapegoat and plot against me? How could a two-faced selfish bitch like you marry my second brother? You’d better get out of my house!” 
“I… How did I use you and plot against you?” 
Rosalind was wiping her tears while quibbling. “It was such a big party, and I couldn’t manage on my own, so I asked you to cooperate with me. That way, we will be able to hit the target accurately. Besides, I didn’t ask you to drug Mr. Hoffman. You were the one who spiked his drink on your own initiative, complicating things!” 
“How dare you blame me?! You damn bitch! Why didn’t I see your true colors sooner? I’m going to beat you up!” 
Bethany was not a scheming person like Rosalind. She would always choose violence whenever possible. She rushed up to Rosalind with scarlet eyes and grabbed her diamond hairpin, which was worth hundreds of thousands of dollars. Then she yanked it out, pulling a lock of hair with it. Rosalind screamed in pain. 
Bethany and Rosalind fought like cats in front of Shannon. 
“That’s enough! Stop fighting!” 
Shannon roared angrily. Rosalind and Bethany were panting heavily, still pulling at each other’s hair with bloodshot eyes. 
“I’m going to count to three, and you two better let go of each other! One! Two! Three!” 
As soon as Shannon said this, the two unruly women let go of each other.
“Bethany, go back to your room first. I have something to say to your cousin.” Shannon raised her eyebrows coldly. 
“Mom! Rosalind plotted against me! If she hadn’t instigated me tonight, I wouldn’t have embarrassed myself! Mom!” Bethany refused to leave. Her hair was as messy as a chicken coop. 
“Don’t you think that you should bear some responsibility for this? I’ve told you more than once that you can’t be rash with Mr. Hoffman! But you’re so impatient that you want to bed him at your grandfather’s birthday party! How can you be so frivolous?! I’ve taught you better and given you an elite education! You will only make Mr. Hoffman look down on you even more! Why don’t you go back to your room and reflect on this?!” 
Bethany had always been afraid of her mother, so she glared at Rosalind fiercely and turned to leave. 
Rosalind clutched her wrinkled skirt and stood frozen on the spot. She felt a chill in her heart. 
Right, a true highborn woman would not resort to such despicable means, but what could Rosalind 
do? 
Shannon would help Bethany get whatever she wanted, but Rosalind had to rely on herself. Shannon 
was just using her as a pawn to spy on Justin. 
“Aunt Shannon, what happened tonight…” 
Slap-! 
Shannon’s eyes widened with anger as she raised her perfectly manicured hand to slap Rosalind in 
the face.
###chapter207
Rosalind was completely stunned by Shannon’s slap. 
“I’ve told you more than once to not involve Bethany in whatever you have planned. Don’t blame me for choosing my daughter over you!” 
“Aunt Shannon, I’m sorry. I was confused for a moment… I will never do this again!” 
Rosalind’s eyes were filled with hatred, but she still begged Shannon for mercy. 
Shannon looked at Rosalind’s ingratiating attitude with disdain. 
If it were not for the fact that Rosalind was the only niece she could use, Shannon would not have supported such a rebellious and sinister woman as Rosalind to be her stepdaughter-in-law. 
It took years for Shannon to train Rosalind, so she did not want to waste this pawn until the last 
moment. 
What happened tonight made Shannon feel sick, but she would endure it for the bigger picture. 
“Now, Anna is Wyat Thompson’s daughter. Wyatt is known for being overprotective over his children, so don’t you even think about touching her. Your top priority should be winning back Justin’s heart and marrying him as scheduled.” The corners of Shannon’s lips were pursed tightly. She looked scary with her blood-red lips. 
“But Justin wants to break up with me! Just as Uncle Greg said, no one could change Justin’s mind.” Rosalind burst into tears again when she realized that her dream of marrying into a wealthy family was at risk of collapsing..
“I don’t think it’s that serious yet. 
}) 
Shannon’s eyes were fierce. She suddenly pressed on Rosalind’s shoulder. “Rose, don’t contact Justin for the time being, and don’t leave the house or see anyone. You need to make everyone think that you’re devastated by the breakup.” 
“Is that possible?” Rosalind was doubtful. 
“You won’t be able to trap a wolf if you can’t sacrifice a piece of meat. Rose, you will have to suffer a little from now on. But you must listen to me. You need to make Justin remember how good you were to him in the past by invoking his deepest memories. That’s the only way you can win back his heart!” 
That night, Justin sat in the study, smoking one cigarette after another. The smoke filled the room. His eyes were cold and gloomy, and his face was solemn. 
When he thought of how Bella had reminded him to show up at City Hall at 9:00 a.m. tomorrow, he could not fall asleep. 
Bella visited Asher in the hospital and went back to her villa in Savrow because she had to go to City 
Hall to finalize the divorce tomorrow morning. Thus, she coaxed and persuaded Wyatt to go back to 
Hatchbay. 
After removing her makeup, taking a shower, and finishing her nightly skincare routine, Bella made herself a bowl of spicy instant ramen and slurped it down. Then she put on a silk eye mask and slept 
until dawn.
Due to the drama at Nigel’s birthday party yesterday, Bella did not get a good night’s sleep. When she opened her eyes, it was already 8:00 a.m., and she did not even get to kayak. 
“OMG! Steve, why didn’t you wake me up earlier?! My alarm clock didn’t work!” 
Bella walked downstairs while putting on the tassel earrings. Her dark eyebrows furrowed as she 
complained. 
Steven hurried over in an apron and saw Bella in barely any makeup, but she was still as pretty as ever. Her eyes were sparkling, and her lips were pinkish. She was so beautiful that he could not take his eyes off of her. 
He was surprised that he never got tired of seeing her like this every day. 
“I saw that you were too tired last night, so I didn’t want to wake you. I wanted you to sleep a little longer.” 
“How could you?! Today is my big day! I’m finally getting a divorce!” 
Bella looked at Steven angrily. “I’ve always been very punctual. Besides, if I turn up late on a day like this, that vain bastard will think that I’m reluctant to leave him! Hmph!” 
“I’m glad that this day has finally come.” Steven sighed sincerely. 
“Me too! Didn’t you notice? I even wore a red skirt to look more festive!” Bella spun around gracefully. 
Steven was originally worried that Bella would feel depressed today, but it seemed like he was overthinking it. 
“Ms. Bella, have something to eat before you leave.”
“It’s too late. Just pack it up for me. I’ll eat it in the car!” 
Steven wanted Bella to feel more comfortable, so he drove the Rolls-Royce instead of the Bugatti today. 
Bella sat in the back seat and ate a sandwich. Her fingers clicked on the laptop from time to time as she handled official business. 
“In the past few days, our team has been actively trying to get in touch with Ada Wang, but that woman is really difficult to deal with. She doesn’t even care that we’re from KS Group!” 
Steven complained while driving. “Our team has only spoken to her agent twice on the phone, and we haven’t met Ada Wang in person yet.”
###chapter208
“What about Salvador Corporation?” Bella pursed her lips coldly. 
“As far as I know, they’re also facing the same problems.” 
“That’s good. That means we’re not lagging behind, and we’re still on the same starting line as them.” 
“It’s not just us competing with Salvador Corporation. I heard that there are no less than ten luxury hotels in the country competing for the chance to host Ada Wang’s wedding.” 
“In terms of hotels, the KS World Hotel and the Salvador Hotel have always been the benchmarks in the country. Ada Wang likes to show off, so other small brands won’t be able to catch her eye.” 
Bella took a bite of her sandwich and narrowed her shrewd eyes. “Continue to contact her team and show her our sincerity. Ada is scheduled to come to Savrow early next month. I will meet with her in person to finalize this. That way, Salvador Corporation can give up on getting this project.” 
She would not let anyone steal this project from her. 
At the entrance of City Hall, many young couples were waiting in line to get in. They were either hugging each other or taking selfies to commemorate their happy moment. The air was filled with joy and love. Even the clouds seemed to take on a heart shape. 
At this time, the emerald-green Rolls-Royce stopped at the entrance of City Hall, attracting the envious eyes of all the young couples. 
Bella was sitting in the back seat. She looked at her watch and saw that it was already 9:00 a.m.
“Hah! Justin didn’t come early.” Steven sneered. “I guess a president like him wants to be fashionable late.” 
“Forget it. Just let him be.” 
Bella looked out through the privacy curtain at the smiling faces and sparkling eyes and said quietly, ” Anyway, I have already waited for him for so long. This is the last time I will be waiting for him.” 
Three years ago, when Bella and Justin went to get their marriage license, she waited alone at the entrance of City Hall. She was starving because she had been waiting for him for a whole day. 
Just as City Hall was about to close, Justin arrived fashionably late. He did not even apologize. Then he rushed them to get their marriage license. 
Even so, Bella was so happy that she could not sleep a wink that night. 
Looking back at her experience, Bella felt that she was hopelessly humble. Only now did she realize that she must love herself before loving someone else. 
After waiting for another half an hour, a taxi stopped at the entrance of City Hall just as Bella’s patience was gradually running out. 
Bella could hardly believe her eyes when she saw Justin getting out of the taxi. 
“Um… Was I mistaken? Did Mr. Salvador take a taxi here? Why? Have gas prices increased so much 
that he couldn’t afford to keep the Maybach?” Steven’s eyes widened. 
“Maybe he wants to keep a low profile. After all, this divorce isn’t a glorious thing for him.” 
Bella yawned and got out of the car with Steven.
Justin was wearing his favorite black-gray pinstriped suit with a wide collar and a matte blue shirt, paired with a dark-colored tie. He looked cold, reserved, and unapproachable, as usual. 
The appearance of this extremely handsome man caused a small stir at the entrance scene. The girls were so excited that they would have screamed if their boyfriends were not around. 
When Bella walked toward Justin with confident and elegant steps, all the men in the room could not 
hide their excitement. 
“Wow… Look at her face! Her skin is so supple!” 
“She seems like she’s not wearing any makeup… Her dress is so beautiful, but the price scares me off!” 
“Tsk! That’s the no-makeup makeup look. She definitely is skilled in applying makeup, so she looks like she’s not wearing anything!” 
“That means she has good skin! No one can achieve this look with makeup!” 
These young people, who were only interested in watching dramas and reality TV, did not recognize this handsome man to be Justin Salvador, the president of Salvador Corporation. 
The taxi also concealed his identity. 
Bella stood in front of Justin with a cold look on her face. “Mr. Salvador, you…” 
“I got delayed on the way here.” 
Justin interrupted her. His thin lips twitched before he said in a deep voice, “I’m sorry.”
###chapter209
“It’s okay, as long as you arrive before 5:00 p.m. so we can still finalize the divorce today.” Bella spoke coolly and walked toward the door. 
Justin was left on the spot. He felt a lump in his throat. 
He remembered that day three years ago when they decided to get their marriage license. However, he had an emergency meeting with a project manager from Inalia, so he had no choice but to stay back in 
the office. 
After the meeting finished, some important guests visited the office, so Justin had to entertain them. 
Finally, he suddenly remembered that he had forgotten to inform Bella to postpone their 
appointment. 
This memory was vivid and a cruel reminder of his attitude. 
When he rushed to City Hall as quickly as possible, the entrance was deserted. Bella stood there alone with her head drooped. She looked so lonely and pitiful. 
Justin did not expect her to wait all day. 
He also did not expect a girl to be so stubborn. 
At that time, Justin wanted to apologize, but he hated his grandfather for forcing this marriage on 
him, so he did not say it. At the time, Rosalind had just left him as well, so he was emotionally messed 
1. 
–“Justin, you’re finally here!” 
Until now, Justin could still see Bella’s bright and warm smile when he closed his eyes. 
At that time, he did not know what could make this woman give up on him. 
Now he finally found out that his ruthless abandonment would make her feel so disheartened that she would no longer love him. 
Justin felt ashamed. His expression was stiff as he followed Bella into the building. 
“Are they here to get a marriage license? Wow, they are a perfect match!” 
“But neither of them looks happy…” 
“I think the girl is just angry because the boy is late. I think she’s right to be mad at him for being late 
on such an important occasion!” 
“It’s clear that this man is not as rich as this beautiful woman. He doesn’t even have a car. So many 
men these days have become gold diggers.” 
‘Gold digger?!’ Justin felt the anger surging in his chest. He gritted his teeth and glanced at the young 
man who was gossiping about him. 
Justin exuded a strong chill, and the young man instantly shut up. 
At the divorce application counter, Bella and Justin sat side by side in front of the staff. They handed over their marriage license and identification.
The staff looked left and right and coughed slightly. “Are you two sure? It’s not easy to split after three years of marriage.” 
“I’m not short of money, and neither is he. He has a nanny at home to prepare meals for him and keep the house clean, and a secretary to take care of his needs. There’s nothing difficult about our split.” Bella spoke coldly. 
Justin and the officer were speechless. 
Bella raised her wrist and glanced at her watch. “Please hurry up. I’m quite busy.” 
“I see that you two have no children. Do you need to divide any property?” The staff member asked. 
Bella replied, “No.” 
Justin was silent. He wanted to give her something, but she did not want it. 
Now that he found out that she was Wyatt Thompson’s daughter, his menial compensation looked 
like an insult. 
“Please sign here then.” 
The staff handed over two forms. Bella signed her name neatly and glanced at the man beside her. 
However, she discovered that Justin did not sign the papers. 
Not only that, his fingertips were trembling uncontrollably. 
Bella frowned. 
‘Why the hell are his fingers trembling? Is he trying to act like he’s in love with me and reluctant to
leave me?’ 
“Mr. Salvador, please sign it quickly. Did you forget how to spell your name?” 
+
###chapter210
Justin felt a thin layer of sweat break out on his forehead. He held his right forearm firmly with his left hand, but he still could not control his trembling hand. 
The ballpoint pen fell to the floor. 
Bella found it strange, so she observed him carefully. 
Justin looked slightly haggard. His black hair was a bit tousled, and there was some dust on his black suit. His collar and placket seemed dirty too. 
What did he do? Why did he look so unkempt? 
Bella was full of doubts. She bent over to pick up the pen and pushed it in front of him. 
Finally, both forms were signed. The staff completed the formalities and stamped the certificates. 
Their divorce was finalized at last. 
“I wish you both a happy, independent life after separation.” 
After coming out of City Hall, Bella looked at the divorce certificate in her hand and had mixed 
feelings. 
This was dragged out for so long that she no longer felt the heartbreaking pain when Justin had forced her to sign the divorce agreement before. She only felt relieved and relaxed now. 
Bella used to limit herself because of love. Now that she has returned to her previous life, she just wants to focus on her career and make a lot of money.
She did not want to get involved with men anymore. 
“Mr. Salvador, I still have something to do here, so let’s part ways here. Goodbye.” 
Bella put the divorce certificate away, turned around, and walked down the stairs gracefully. 
“Bella, wait…” 
Before he finished speaking, Bella heard a muffled sound from behind her. 
She looked back and gasped in fright. 
Justin fell heavily down the steps and looked like he was in pain. 
Although it was only five steps, it would be quite painful to fall like that. 
“Justin!” 
Bella rushed over to help him up and found that his arms were shaking even more than before. 
“You haven’t been feeling well since just now. What happened?” 
“It’s okay…” Justin was sweating profusely. He refused to tell her what happened. 
“Tell me now!” Bella was a little anxious and demanded an answer. 
Justin felt that his whole body was aching, and his head was dizzy. Seeing that she was worried about him, he felt a surge of warmth in his heart. 
“Do you care what happens to me?” 
Bella’s lips twitched, and she scoffed. “Even if it’s a dog lying on the roadside, I won’t pretend not to see it. I have no reason to ignore a living being.”
Justin’s pale face suddenly turned darker. He slowly pushed her away. “I don’t need your sympathy or 
worry.” 
“Justin, you’d better go to the hospital for a checkup. If you can’t even walk properly and fall for no reason, it means that something is wrong with your cerebellum.” Bella put on her doctor’s hat and spoke in a solemn tone. 
“Bella, do you hate me for forcing this divorce on you? Is that why you’re cursing me every chance you get?” Justin looked at her coldly. His thin lips were pressed into a straight line. 
“Hah! You’re overthinking it. I’m not that petty or free to think about you.” 
Bella’s smile did not reach her eyes. She just felt that this jerk was being unreasonable. “Also, you got it wrong. I’m happy with this divorce. Didn’t that officer wish us a happy and independent life after separation? I’m already ecstatic about it. Since you can take care of yourself, I won’t worry about you anymore. I hope you can keep your balance. Bye.” 
Justin’s heart was filled with anger, and his eyes were burning red. 
As soon as Bella let go of him, he was unsteady on his feet and fell on her again. 
In an instant, they were tightly pressed against each other. 
Bella’s full breasts were pressed against his hard chest. His breathing became heavier, and his slightly trembling hands climbed up her slender waist, which was tightly wrapped in the red dress. 
Justin lost control of his brain and body. 
“Get your filthy hands off me!”
Bella’s beautiful eyes were sharp. She gritted her teeth and threatened him. “Otherwise, I will chop them up and feed them to my crocodile as a teething stick!”
###chapter211
Bella really wished she could transform into Sasha’s pet crocodile, Bobo, and bite off Justin’s head. 
During the three years of marriage, Bella and Justin slept in separate rooms. He had never even held hands with her. Now that they were divorced, Justin kept hugging and harassing her. Bella felt like Justin was so filthy that even Sasha’s pet crocodile would not want to eat him. 1 
Justin’s heart cracked when he saw how repulsed Bella was by his touch. 
“Mr. Salvador!” 
At this moment, a Porsche stopped in front of them. Ian jumped out of the car and ran over. 
“Mr. Salvador, are you crazy?! After such a serious car accident, you should go to the hospital first! Why aren’t you taking your health seriously?!” 
“I’m not dead yet.” 
Justin struggled to keep his eyes open, but he still could not see Bella’s face clearly. “Also, who are you to call me crazy?” 
Bella was so shocked that she was petrified. 
Only now did she understand why Justin was so late this morning and why he was in such a bad state that he could not even pick up a pen. 
It turned out that he had gotten into a car accident. 
“Justin, you should go to the hospital if you were in a car accident! Do you think that the Grim Reaper wouldn’t take you away just because you’re handsome? What if you have internal injuries? Do you
know that you might get paralyzed if you delay treatment?!” Bella’s eyes widened in fear, and she felt 
nervous. 
Justin pursed his thin lips and said in a deep voice, “Haven’t you been waiting for this day for a long time? If I go to the hospital and delay finalizing our divorce, will you be happy?” 
Bella was stunned for a moment. Then she scoffed. “Of course not. So, I should thank you for showing up, huh?” 
“Bella!” 
Hearing that familiar voice, Bella turned around abruptly. 
She saw two black luxury cars parked side by side at some point. 
Asher and Axel were standing in front of the car, looking dapper in their suits. Her second brother 
was holding a bouquet of bold red roses while smiling brightly at her. 
“Ash! Ax!” Bella ran toward her brothers happily. Her eyes were beaming with joy. 
Justin felt as if his heart was soaked in bile because he felt bitter all over. 
Back then, he stupidly waited outside the Thompson family’s residence, where the Thompsons were enjoying their time together. However, he stood out in the cold wind to wait for Bella, only to end up getting insulted by the Thompsons. 
Justin did not know whether he should hate himself for being too stupid to find out Bella’s true identity or hate Bella for deceiving him so well. 
“Why are you here?”
Bella held up Asher’s left hand, which was still wrapped in gauze, and said in distress, “Ash, you should be recuperating at home. Why did you come here?” 
“I’m not that weak. I was fine a long time ago.” 
Asher hooked his sister’s waist with his other arm and said in a gentle tone, “Today is an important day for you, so it’s also important for us. We couldn’t be with you when you got married back then. 
But now, we can be here for you.” 
“Ash…” Bella’s nose tingled, and her heart was moved. 
“Congratulations, Bella! Congratulations on getting rid of Jerkface Justin! You finally live like a queen!” Axel smiled and presented the bouquet of red roses to her. 
“Thanks, Ax! Love you!” Bella took the flowers and smelled them. 
Axel’s voice was very loud, especially when saying “Jerkface Justin”. 
The said jerkface pulled a long face and looked like he wanted to murder someone. 
“Bella!” 
In another luxury car, Wyatt’s wives-Mila, Celeste, and Sasha-got out of the car and happily 
surrounded Bella. 
“Why are you all here?!” Bella was so surprised that she wanted to cry this time. 
“Nonsense! Of course, we have to come!” Sasha came up and gave Bella a big hug.
Mila explained considerately, “Bella, your dad wanted to come too, but I was afraid it would cause a stir, so…” 
“I understand.” Bella smiled understandingly. 
Justin saw his ex-wife being surrounded and loved by her family and felt tormented and curious. 
In the past three years, what Justin offered Bella was not even a smidgen of this love. But why did she still insist on staying with him? Why did she put up with his ruthlessness and neglect? 
Justin wanted an answer so much that he was about to go crazy. 
“Wow! It’s Celeste, the movie star who has taken a break from acting for many years!” 
Ian looked at Celeste, who looked just as charming and beautiful as before. He was so excited that he 
could not close his gaping mouth. “I really want to ask her for an autograph! My mother is her fan!” 
Justin glared at him. “Let’s go back to the office.” 
However, Justin finally could not hold on any longer and fainted in the next second.
###chapter212
“Mr. Salvador!” 
* 
When Justin opened his eyes, he was lying on the hospital bed. 
“Bella…” 
As soon as he regained consciousness, he called out her name. 
“You have a contusion in your right wrist and a mild concussion. There are some blood clots, but it’s 
not a big problem.” 
Bella was standing by the window at this moment. Bella’s silhouette against the light was so beautiful 
and cold. 
While Justin was in a coma, Ian told Bella about the car accident. 
Ian said that Justin did not sleep a wink last night. When Ian went to look for Justin in the study this 
morning, the cigarette smoke in the room was so thick that he choked on it. 
–“Mr. Salvador probably didn’t get a good rest last night. That’s why he got into a car accident. It’s also possible that his headache affected his driving.” 
Bella knew how painful Justin’s headaches could get. Due to his severe headaches, Justin rarely drove 
by himself.
Bella thought, ‘Who are you trying to fish for pity from by smoking heavily, not sleeping, and not going to the hospital when injured? Rosalind might pity you, but I won’t fall for this trick!’ 
Bella’s eyes were disdainful, and her lips curled up into a sneer. “Get well soon. I’ll leave now.” 
After that, Bella strode to the door without looking back. 
“Bella! Stop!” 
Seeing Bella walk away, Justin became anxious. He stood up from the hospital bed and chased after 
her. 
Just as Bella held onto the doorknob, Justin stepped forward and pinned Bella against the door, 
trapping her between his strong arms. 
“Justin! Are you crazy?! What the hell are you trying to do?” Bella was shocked and furious. 
“Give me an answer, and I’ll let you go.” 
Justin stared at her. His voice was slightly hoarse. “Why did you marry me back then?” 
“Why do you have so many questions?!” 
Bella raised her leg, wanting to kick him. 
But Justin pressed on her leg with his knee to stop her from moving. Bella bit her lip anxiously. 
She knew self-defense, but her skills were nothing against Justin, who was the top student in the military academy. 
“Bella, I just want to hear the truth. Is it so difficult?”
“I wasn’t thinking straight, okay? Get away from me before I call security!” 
Justin remained unmoved. He was clearly dissatisfied with her answer. 
At this time, the door was pushed open from the outside. 
Suddenly, Bella fell on Justin’s chest because of the push. 
Justin had quick reflexes. He tightened his arms around Bella’s slender waist and pressed his palms against her flat belly. 
He noticed that she was curvier than he had imagined. 
His Adam’s apple rolled as a surge of desire arose in his heart. 
Bella’s breathing suddenly became chaotic. 
“Mr. Salvador, Young Madam…” 
Ian was dumbfounded. He could not figure out what they were doing due to his lack of imagination. 
Bella took the opportunity to escape from Justin’s shackles. She wanted to step on his foot with her 
sharp stilettos, but the man dodged quickly, once again showing off his reflexes. 
She failed to hurt him, but she managed to escape. Thus, she fled from the ward. 
“Mr. Salvador, the young madam ran away. Do you want me to chase after her?” Ian gulped 
nervously. 
Justin looked like he wanted to eat someone.
Ian wondered if he showed up at the wrong time. 
“Chase her?” 
Justin clenched his fists and narrowed his charming eyes. He said angrily, “Go to HR and sign the order to deduct all your bonus this year!”
###chapter213
Finalizing the divorce meant that Bella’s 13-year bond with Justin had finally come to an end. 
If Bella remembered correctly, Justin would marry Rosalind after Nigel’s 80th birthday. 
Rosalind finally waited until the day she could marry Justin and show off to the world that she was the wife of Salvador Corporation’s president. 
Thinking of this, Bella had no regrets. She only wished them the best. 
After all, Rosalind was a good match for Justin. 
In the evening, Bella returned to Hatchbay with her two brothers and Steven. 
“Bella!” 
As soon as Bella entered the gates of Yara Park, she heard a crisp and sweet voice calling out to her 
from afar. 
Bella’s beautiful eyes arched as she smiled and called out, “Amelia!” 
Wyatt’s ninth and youngest daughter, Amelia, ran through the long corridor to Bella. She looked as happy as a bird returning to its nest. 
“Bella! I miss you so much!” 
Amelia hugged Bella. Her animated kitten eyes were filled with tears, and her nose turned red. She 
looked adorable.
“Aww, my little crybaby. Aren’t you happy that I’m back?” Bella hugged Amelia’s waist tightly and kissed her smooth forehead. 
Bella was about the same height as Amelia, but Asher and Axel felt that Bella was towering over little 
Amelia. 
“Bella, you won’t leave us again this time, right?” Amelia asked with tears in her eyes. Her delicate, rosy face looked like a bud waiting to bloom. 
“I’m not leaving. I came back this time to help Wyatt take care of KS Group and reunite with you all. I won’t leave again.’ 
}) 
Bella felt extremely guilty when she saw the worry in her little sister’s eyes. 
In the past, Bella was too willful. She yearned for freedom and pursued her so-called “true love”, neglecting her precious family, who had always been there for her. 
Fortunately, Bella returned to her family. Her heart broke when she saw just how much her little 
sister missed her. 
“That’s great! Everyone is waiting for you to come back!” 
Amelia clung to Bella for a while longer before she turned to Asher and Axel and bowed politely. 
“Hello, Asher and Axel.” 
“Amelia, I’ve told you not to bow to us. Just treat us the way you treat Bella.”
Axel sighed helplessly. He pitied Amelia. “You’re our sister too, just like Bella.” 
Amelia nodded shyly, but she knew that she was different from Bella. 
“Amelia, you’ve lost weight! Is college tough?” Asher asked gently. 
“I’ve been preparing for my graduation performance recently, so it’s a little tiring. But it doesn’t matter because I’m enjoying it!” 
Amelia’s eyes lit up. She asked in a soft and timid voice, “When the time comes, will you all come and watch my performance? It’s okay if you can’t make it. I know you’re all very busy. I’m just asking casually. You guys don’t have to come.” 
Asher and Axel replied, “Of course, we’ll attend.” 
“Of course we’ll be there! Do you even need to ask?” 
Bella put her arm on Amelia’s shoulder and said, “Just let me know when the performance is, and I’ll block my calendar for my precious baby sister!” 
“I’ll definitely tell you in advance! Thank you for supporting me!” Amelia was so excited that her 
voice trembled. 
Bella gently stroked Amelia’s silky hair. 
Amelia was well-behaved and sensible. She never let her family worry about her. But Bella pitied Amelia for being too sensible at times. 
As Wyatt’s youngest daughter and Celeste’s only daughter, Amelia should have been the most pampered one. But as the only daughter of Wyatt’s first wife, Bella had taken too much attention and
love away from Amelia. That was because Bella was far too outstanding. 
However, Amelia was not the least bit jealous of her sister. Celeste raised Amelia well to respect and love her older siblings. After Amelia came of age, she never asked for a penny from her family. She received a college scholarship every year and worked part-time in her spare time. Amelia lived such a simple and ordinary life that none of her classmates knew that she was the daughter of the richest 
man in Hatchbay. 
Bella knew that Amelia had an inferiority complex that could not be erased. Amelia always felt that she was not Wyatt’s legitimate child. Therefore, she was inferior to everyone and treated everyone 
politely. 
“Ms. Amelia, do you have any extra seats? Can I go as well?” Steven suddenly asked in a pleasant 
voice. 
Amelia suddenly raised her eyes. When she met Steven’s bright eyes, her pretty face turned red.
###chapter214
“Yes, of course!” Amelia replied. 
“Then I’ll go with Ms. Bella.” Steven’s smile was warm, like a boy next door. 
Steven watched Bella and Amelia grow up. He still had a vivid memory of Amelia when she was six or seven years old. Back then, Amelia followed Bella everywhere with a lollipop in her mouth and snot flowing out of her nose. 
Bella did not think much of Amelia’s reaction because Amelia was shy and blushed easily. Amelia’s skin was also clear and rosy all the time. 
What Bella did not know was that Amelia had been crushing on Steven for seven years. 
“Let’s go! I’m hungry. I’ve been craving Aunt Celeste’s cooking for many days. Let’s feast!” Bella held her sister’s delicate hand and walked into the villa. 
“My mom is still cooking. You arrived too early, so dinner’s not ready yet.” Amelia shook her sister’s arm, just like she did when she was a child. 
“Oh, no! But I’m starving!” Bella’s stomach growled. 
“Ms. Bella, why don’t you have a snack first?” 
Steven smiled dotingly and took out a piece of chocolate from his suit pocket. He tore open the wrapper and put the chocolate to Bella’s lips. 
Bella naturally turned her head, parted her lips slightly, and took a bite.
Seeing how close and natural Bella and Steven were, Amelia felt a little jealous. She pursed her pink lips and tried to suppress the bitterness in her heart. 
Amelia knew that Steven had always liked Bella. She had noticed it since she was very young. 
Steven would rather ditch a promising career in law like his brother and father just so he could stay with Bella. Even if there was not much career growth, Steven willingly became Bella’s personal 
secretary. 
Thus, Steven had never noticed Amelia. 
Everyone was in a great mood that night because Bella finalized the divorce with Justin and cut off all ties with the Salvador family. It was also because Amelia took the time to return to Hatchbay, so the 
house was livelier than usual. 
It had been a long time since the servants had seen the Thompson sisters laughing like this. They 
were all glad to see the sisters together again. 
It was just a pity that Wyatt’s sixth daughter, Camilla, was married off to a distant country. Camilla’s husband was also in the running for the presidency of Sentania at the moment, so they were too busy to come back for a visit. Otherwise, the three Thompson sisters together would make such a nostalgic 
and beautiful sight. 
Celeste and the maids brought out all kinds of delicacies to the dining table. They looked appetizing and scrumptious. 
It was a pity that Bella could only stare at the food and not eat it yet because Wyatt called everyone to the living room for an impromptu family meeting.
Asher, Axel, Amelia, Mila, Sasha, and Celeste, who was still wearing an apron, were all gathered there. Wyatt sat in the middle of the sofa with a cold and stern expression, giving off the oppressive vibe of a formidable tycoon. 
“Dad, if you have something to say, can’t you say it after we’re done eating? Everyone is hungry!” Bella swallowed her saliva as she could smell the aroma of the food coming from the dining table. 
“You still have the cheek to say this when you’ve caused such a mess?!” Wyatt sneered. 
“Oh, Lord! Aren’t I divorced now? We got to have a drink later to celebrate!” Bella grinned. 
Everyone looked calm. Only Amelia, who was still clueless about Bella’s marriage and divorce, gasped in shock and widened her beautiful 
eyes. 
Amelia did not expect that Bella was already married and divorced. 
Bella was excellent at everything and had never missed her target. What made Bella decide to get married? It was not for love, right? Bella was not the emotional type who would do anything for love. 
“You didn’t come home for three years because you were married to a bastard. You even ended up losing both your dignity and wealth. That Salvador boy is about to marry someone else! You’re my daughter, so how can you let the Salvador family bully you?! Why didn’t you bankrupt that family before you came home?!” 
Wyatt was so angry that he had barely slept a wink last night. The more he thought about it, the more infuriated he became. He wanted to go to Salvador Corporation, grab Justin by the collar, and punch him senseless.
“Wyatt, I thought we were putting this past us.” 
Bella sighed and suddenly lost her appetite. “Grandpa Nigel developed Salvador Corporation to where it is now. It was his life-long effort, so how could I bankrupt them? Do you want your daughter to be ungrateful?” 
“I’d rather you be the ungrateful kid that I had to clean up after than let you be bullied by outsiders! You’ve suffered for three years!” Wyatt finally roared out his feelings. His neck was tense, and his 
eyes were red. 
Everyone was stunned. 
Asher lowered his eyes and pursed his lips, while Axel looked at his sister worriedly. 
Bella’s lowered eyelashes fluttered slightly. Her nose was tingling, and her eyes were sore. 
She knew how much Wyatt loved her. It was because Wyatt loved her so much that she did not dare tell him about her marriage to Justin. 
However, this seemed to have backfired. 
“Mila, I heard from the Salvadors that you and Bella met in public. Did you know about Bella’s and Justin’s marriage early on?” Wyatt looked at Mila disapprovingly. 
Mila lowered her eyelids and answered frankly, “Yes, I found out a long time ago.”
###chapter215
Mila was ready to bear the full force of Wyatt’s wrath as long as Celeste and Sasha were not 
discovered. 
Wyatt roared, “Then why didn’t you tell me?! Shouldn’t you know better?! You watched Bella grow up. Didn’t you feel any pain when you saw her suffering in that hellhole?!” Wyatt was venting his anger at his second wife. 
“It’s all my fault, Wyatt.” 
Mila stood up slowly. The proud daughter of the Larson family looked humble as she said, “Please don’t blame Bella. You can blame me if you want. I didn’t take care of Bella well enough.” 
Bella’s heart clenched. Just when she was about to defend Mila, the impulsive Sasha suddenly stood up from the sofa and said, “Wyatt, don’t blame Mila. I’m also responsible for this. I also found out about Bella’s marriage long ago!” 
“What?!” Wyatt’s eyes were about to pop out of their sockets. 
“Me too…” Celeste raised her hand weakly. “I also knew about it for a long time…” 
“Celeste! Even you were led astray by them?!” Wyatt felt dizzy. When did his obedient wife start to disregard him? 
Bella’s eyes were sore. 
Wyatt could not possibly direct his anger at everyone now. 
“Dad, please calm down. They were all doing this for your sake. You’d be better off not knowing.”
Axel quickly stepped forward and acted as the peacemaker. He served the delicate teacup to his father and looked so ingratiating. 
“Fuck off!” 
Wyatt was usually a refined and elegant man, but at this moment, he was so furious that he cussed 
out loud. 
“Wait! Did you two also know about it?!” 
Asher and Axel looked at each other and cleared their throats. 
Wyatt thought, ‘Look at this family of actors! They’re all so good at acting, and I’m the only fool who was kept in the dark!’ 
Wyatt was a shrewd businessman who only fooled with others. He did not expect that he would be played by his own family in the end. 
He shouted infuriatingly, stood up, and went upstairs angrily without looking back. 
“Wyatt, don’t you want dinner?” Celeste asked but received no response. 
“Celeste, why don’t you go upstairs and console Wyatt later? You’re the softest among us, and he usually listens to what you say.” Mila sighed helplessly. 
“I… I don’t dare to. I’ll just save some of his favorite dishes for him later and serve them to him.” 
Celeste knew how angry Wyatt was. She was also timid. 
“Wyatt will usually go to his room of collections when he’s in a bad mood. OMG! Won’t he…”
Sasha broke into a cold sweat. Before she finished speaking, Wyatt started screaming from upstairs. 
“Call the police! My 100 million-dollar antique rosewood chair is missing!” 
The Thompsons finished their dinner quickly. 
If it were not for her brothers holding Wyatt back with all their might, Wyatt would have driven to Savrow overnight to demand the antique rosewood chair that Asher and Bella had given to Nigel. 
Wyat was getting more eccentric the older he got. Collectors of antiques were generally thick- skinned, so they would get what they wanted. Therefore, Wyatt became more hot-tempered and stubborn in the past two years. 
Wyatt was not easy to deal with in his old age. Women would no longer flock to him, even with his 
money. 
In the evening, Bella and Amelia chatted for the longest time. They did their skincare routine together and massaged each other. 
“By the way, do you like the birthday gift I gave you?” Amelia lay on the bed, propping up her chin 
with her hands. 
“I liked it so much that I framed it and hung it in the study of my villa in Savrow. The day I put it up, Steven thought I had 3D-printed my portrait. It was so life-like! He’s not one to dish out compliments casually, but he certainly praised you a lot that day.” 
Bella looked at Amelia dotingly and caressed her sister’s soft hands. “Amelia, you deserve to be knighted for your art skills. Why don’t I get your hands insured? You are simply the pride of our family!”
###chapter216
“Bella, please stop praising me. My embroidery is far worse than my mother’s.” Amelia bit her lip shyly, showing a pair of cute dimples on her cheeks. 
Amelia was glad to be recognized by Bella. 
However, what made her happier was that Steven also praised her. She was so excited that she was afraid she would not be able to sleep that night. 
“You have not only inherited Aunt Celeste’s ability to sing and dance but also her skillful embroidery. I will introduce you to a top fashion designer. If you work together, you’ll be famous in an instant! What do you think about making a mark in the fashion world?” 
“Thanks, Bella. But I would rather work in the entertainment industry. After all, I’m studying at the Savrow Film Academy. I hope to become an excellent actor after graduation.” Amelia spoke softly, without confidence. 
Her mother, Celeste, was bullied in the entertainment industry back then, so Wyatt strongly opposed Amelia from attending the film academy and entering the entertainment industry. 
Later, Amelia dropped out of school in Inalia and returned to Savrow, where she studied film for more than half a year without telling Wyatt. When Wyatt found out, he reluctantly acquiesced but also gave her an ultimatum. Amelia had to follow his arrangements after completing her studies. Otherwise, he would disown her. 
To realize her dream, Amelia swore to make a name for herself in the entertainment industry. She wanted to change her father’s view about the acting profession and make him look at her with admiration.
“Great! If that’s your dream, I will give you my full support!” 
Bella put her arm around Amelia’s shoulder. Her bright eyes flashed with worry. “But the entertainment industry is very complicated. There are a lot of shady things going on behind the scenes. If you are just starting out without money or a background, no one will take a second look at you. It’s quite impossible for you to land a decent job. So, when you audition for a role after 
graduation, don’t be shy. Just write “Wyatt Thompson is my father” on your profile. I guarantee it’ll be smooth sailing for you then!” 
“Bella, Dad hates the fact that I’m in the entertainment industry. If I do that, I’m just making things worse!” 
Amelia did not know if she should laugh or cry. “Besides, I won’t feel any sense of accomplishment if I get opportunities based on my identity. I don’t want to take shortcuts. I just want to work hard on my own and use my strength to prove that I made the right choice.” 
“You are indeed a Thompson with your ambition!” 
Bella sighed softly and pinched Amelia’s delicate cheek. “I’m just afraid that you will be bullied.” 
Amelia was good at everything, but she was just as soft as Celeste. 
In a dog-eat-dog world, Amelia was bound to be bullied. 
“Bella, can I ask you a question?” Amelia pondered for a long time before she asked in a low voice. 
“Do you want to ask me about my ex-husband?” 
“Yeah.”
Amelia nodded vigorously, unable to hide her curiosity. “Why did you get divorced? Did your ex- husband treat you badly?” 
“No, we’re just not suited to be together,” Bella replied calmly. 
“Well… He’s the president of Salvador Corporation, so he must have been very busy and neglected you. That’s why you separated, right?” 
Bella frowned. “Why didn’t you guess that the reason for our divorce was because he cheated on me?” 
“No way!” Amelia waved her hand. 
“Huh? Why do you say this?” 
“With so much money, isn’t he afraid of dying without spending his money?” 
Bella burst into laughter. It seemed that her ferocious persona at home was still solid. 
At this time, her phone rang. 
Bella picked it up and saw Justin’s name on the caller ID. 
Her face darkened. She was afraid that Amelia would think too much, so she hurriedly put on her velvet slippers and walked to the small living room to answer the phone. 
“What?” 
“You picked up the call very quickly this time.” Justin’s deep voice rang in her ears. 
“Haha! Please remember to give me a five-star review after this call, sir.” Bella joked and mocked 
him.
Justin felt a lump in his throat. He said in a deep voice, “I will be discharged from the hospital tomorrow, so meet me at Tideview Manor.” 
“You’re getting discharged tomorrow? Are you in such a hurry to die?” Bella sneered. 
“Just remember to go to Tideview Manor tomorrow. I’ll wait for you.” 
Bella refused without hesitation. “I’m busy, and I won’t ever set foot in that place again. Stop contacting me in the future. Goodbye.” 
Justin said in a deep voice, “You left a lot of things there. Aren’t you going to take them away?”
###chapter217
Bella thought, ‘Oh, it seems that Rosalind is officially moving into Tideview Manor to live with Justin as his wife, huh? It makes sense that he wants my things gone. If I were her, I’d be upset to see my husband’s ex-wife’s things piled up in the house. I get it.’ 
“Mr. Salvador, if you think that my things are taking up space, just throw them away. There’s no need to ask me.” Bella’s voice was cold and calm. 
“What about the gifts that you gave me over the years? Do you want me to throw them away too?” 
Bella scoffed and said mockingly, “I didn’t give you those gifts. Anna Brown did. Anna might have regarded them as treasures, but to me, those are just trash.” 
Justin was rendered speechless. He felt suffocated. 
“In the future, please contact my secretary next time. I don’t answer calls from strangers. Bye.” 
“Bella!” 
“What else do you want?” Bella was so annoyed by him that she raised her voice. 
“What about those costumes? You kept them so nicely in a garment protector. Don’t you still want them?” 
Justin’s voice was a bit colder and more oppressive than before. “If you don’t come to get it, I will take it as you don’t want them, and I will do with them as I please.” 
Bella’s heart clenched. She hesitated. 
Each of those well-made costumes was Celeste’s private collection and was painstakingly hand-
stitched. 
When Bella asked to borrow some of those costumes to perform for Nigel, Celeste took them all out for her to choose from without saying a word. Celeste also said that Bella could keep them. 
Bella did not want Celeste’s kindness and efforts to be ruined by that bastard, so she sighed and gave in. “Fine. I’ll get my secretary to pick them up from Tideview Manor tomorrow.” 
“No, you have to come here in person.” 
Justin spoke domineeringly, as if he had the upper hand. “I won’t let your secretary in if he comes. I’ll wait for you at home tomorrow. Bye.” 
After that, he hung up the phone. 
“Damn it!” Bella stared at the black screen, furious. 
Those were just some clothes, but Justin acted as if he had grasped her weakness. 
Bella thought, ‘I’ll go and take it as a game of slaying demons!’ 
The next morning, Bella and Amelia washed up and went to the dining hall to have breakfast. 
Asher had an important meeting at the office, so he went to work first. Wyatt, his three wives, and Axel were already at the table. 
“The two lazy pigs are finally awake! We were all waiting for you two.” Axel rested his chin on his hands and teased his sisters with a smile. 
“Amelia and I haven’t seen each other for so long, so we had a good time catching up last night and didn’t go to bed until past midnight.” Bella yawned as she spoke. Her eyes were a little bloodshot in the corners.
However, Amelia looked so refreshed, with supple skin and rosy cheeks. She did not look tired at all. 
It was great to be young! Bella would never be in such good spirits. 
Wyatt sat at the head of the dining table and glared at Bella. He had dark circles under his eyes. It seemed that he had not slept well either. 
No one would ever imagine that a chair would cause the richest man in Hatchbay to be sleepless and heartbroken all night. 
Bella did not feel the least bit guilty about it. She acted naturally and still had a great appetite, as if what happened last night did not involve her. 
Anyway, she had already given out the gift, so it was too late to take it back. Wyatt had no choice but to accept his fate. 
Bella was about to leave the table after finishing her food, but Wyatt said coldly, “Do you still have feelings for that Salvador boy?” 
Everyone panicked. 
On the contrary, Bella answered calmly, “No.” 
“Does that mean you’re completely over the divorce?” 
“Wyatt, we have known each other for 24 years. If you have anything to say, just spit it out. There is no need to beat around the bush and test my patience.” Bella picked up the napkin and wiped her lips elegantly. 
“Then I’ll cut to the chase. Quentin!”
Wyatt shouted for Quentin, his chief secretary. Quentin hurried over and handed over a document. 
Wyatt took it and threw it accurately at Bella. 
“What’s this?” 
“A list.” 
“What list?”
###chapter218
“A list of blind dates.” Wyatt smiled slyly. 
Everyone was shocked. 
Amelia, who had always been graceful, was so shocked that she dropped her fork to the floor. Axel almost spat out a mouthful of coffee, which he had choked on until his face turned red. 
“Wyatt!” 
Bella quickly stood up and raised her eyebrows. “Are you taking revenge on me? You’re so petty!” 
“A great man has to be ruthless.” 
Wyatt took a sip of coffee calmly and said, “Besides, you are my daughter. Why would I take revenge on you? You’re divorced now, so even if you keep a low profile, you probably won’t be able to hide it for long. If this spreads among the elites, everyone will laugh at you. Justin is marrying someone new soon after divorcing you. As your father, I must play Cupid for you and make sure you have everything that bastard has!” 
“If he has a brain disease, should I get that too?” Bella sneered, feeling infuriated. 
(C 
‘Anyway, I’ve decided. I asked Quentin to sort out this list last night, which includes all the young, talented bachelors in the country who are around the same age as you. They’re not yet married and are from well-matched families. You’d better be mentally prepared. Starting next month, you will meet at least five of them a week. You can rest on the weekends.” Wyatt looked serious. He was not joking at all.
Bella almost flipped the table in anger. “I don’t care! I won’t go on any blind dates!” 
“Fine. Then you can say goodbye to your position as CEO of KS Group.” 
Bella thought, ‘Fuck! This cunning old man is threatening me with 
my career!’ 
Bella was so furious that she clenched her teeth. Her cheeks were flushed. “Wyatt, I agreed to revamp KS World Hotel for you in exchange for the role of KS Group’s CEO. How could you go back on your promise? Aren’t you afraid that you’ll die young for breaking your promise?!” 
“If my 
death can give my daughter a happy marriage for the rest of her life, then my little sacrifice as your father is not worth mentioning.” Wyatt looked so righteous. 
Bella gritted her teeth and said, “I don’t want to go on a blind date. You can go with whoever you want!” 
“Then should I also pick whoever I like as the CEO of KS Group?” 
Wyatt narrowed his shrewd eagle eyes. “Don’t forget that I still have the final say in the company.” 
This breakfast ended on a bad note. 
Bella felt that she had eaten gunpowder because she was on the verge of exploding. 
Since she was young, Bella would hide in the man-made cave in the garden and cuss to her heart’s content or cry her eyes out whenever she was in a bad mood. 
At 24 years old, Bella still had the same habit. After breakfast, she went to the cave to sulk.
“Ha! I knew that you would be here, baby sister!” Axel put his hands behind his back, bent down, and squeezed into the cave. 
“Do you think that Wyatt is taking revenge on me for stealing his chair?!” Bella asked angrily. 
“Well… That’s not entirely true. Dad probably wants to use this method to help you get over Jerkface Justin so that you can start anew.” Axel crossed his long legs and sat next to her. 
“Do you think starting anew means having a new man? I’m his daughter. Why can’t I live a single and happy life?” 
Bella skipped some stones across the pond. “Men are just a burden! He can go on those blind dates! Maybe he’ll finally get a fifth wife!” 
“You know our dad. He holds a grudge and is a sore loser.” 
Axel leaned close to her ear and whispered, “I think our father is really petty. If you don’t go on those blind dates, he will definitely stop you from being the CEO of KS Group.” 
Bella was a little frightened. Her eyes flashed with fear. “Ax, what do you think I should do now?” 
“Well… Why don’t you give me a copy of that list?” 
“What? Are you going to help me get rid of them one by one?” Bella’s bright eyes sparkled with hope. 
“I’ll check their backgrounds and shortlist them for you. Then you can choose the most good-looking one and keep him for fun as a side piece.” Axel laughed. 
“Fun, my ass!” Bella’s eyes widened as she clenched her fists, looking like she wanted to hit him. 
Just then, her phone rang.
Justin’s name on the screen was particularly eye-catching. 
Bella was furious at the moment, so she picked up the phone and used the man as a punching bag. Why the hell are you calling so early? Justin, don’t you think that you’re very shameless?” 
“Have you left the house?” Justin ignored her insult and asked calmly. 
“No!” 
“Then come out now.” 
The man paused and said in a low and steady voice, “I’m outside your door.”
###chapter219
Outside Yara Park, Justin stood tall next to his black Ferrari. 
While waiting, he narrowed his eyes slightly while reading the elegant plaque at the front gate. 
In the past few days, Justin has not stopped investigating the Thompson family to get a better understanding of them. 
Wyatt had purchased this property for his first wife, who was also Bella’s mother. This high-end estate was the only one in the country, and its value could not be measured with money. 
Yara Park was named after Bella’s mother, Yara Brown. 
Bella used her mother’s last name when she made her fake identity to stay with the Salvadors. 
Justin wondered why she chose the name “Anna”. 
It was the most common name, and Bella was anything but common. 
When Justin felt his mind wandering, the door suddenly creaked open. 
Hearing this sound, Justin quickly looked away from the plaque. His broad shoulders were tense. 
Bella used her hand to shade her face from the sun as she stood on the steps, looking at Justin. 
At this moment, Justin did not wear his usual three-piece suit that seemed to be welded to his body. 
Instead, he wore khaki pants and a light blue jacket. He looked clean, refreshed, and gentle. 
Bella had never seen Justin dressed like this before. Usually, he only wore formal and meticulous business suits that made him look strict and restrained. Seeing Justin dressed in relatively casual
clothes, Bella wondered if he did this on purpose. 
He was indeed good-looking, but it was a pity that his beauty did not extend inward. 
Bella wore her house slippers to meet him. She moved lightly in small steps, which Justin found indescribably cute and casual. 
Justin lowered his eyes and looked at her feet, feeling a desire in his heart. 
“Why are you looking at my feet? Have you never seen slippers before?” Bella’s toes hidden in the slippers curled uncomfortably as she glared at him. 
Justin narrowed his eyes. “You always wear high heels. I’ve never seen you dressed like this.” 
“Haha! Then you must be blind.” 
Bella sneered. “I’ve been walking in front of you like this almost every day in the past three years, but 
you’ve never noticed. I know that you don’t pay attention to me, but you don’t have to mock me by reminding me of how non-existent I was to you.” 
In an instant, Justin felt as if his heart had stopped. His face darkened. 
Right. He suddenly recalled the past. 
Whenever he came home in the past, she would be the first person to greet him. 
At that time, she ran up to him cheerfully, wearing an apron and holding a small spatula. Her bare face was always oily from cooking, but she still smiled at him gently. 
Back then, he had scoffed at her. Now, when he looked back at those memories, he found them precious.
“Let’s talk in the car.” Justin took a deep breath and opened the door. 
“Let’s just talk here.” Bella was reluctant to get into his car. 
“Do you mean you’re going to invite me inside?” Justin accurately grasped her weak spot and took a step closer to her. 
“Justin, don’t test my patience!” 
Before Bella finished speaking, the bastard stretched out his long arm to grab her thin wrist and stuffed her into the car. 
He did this all so quickly that Bella did not have time to react. 
“You…” 
In the blink of an eye, Justin got into the driver’s seat and locked the car doors. 
“Justin, you don’t need to lock the car door to talk to me, right?” Bella tried the door handle, but it would not budge. 
“I need to lock the doors when I’m driving because I’m afraid you’ll jump out.” 
As soon as Bella heard this, she was infuriated. Her eyes dimmed, and she was about to explode. 
Justin suddenly leaned his scorching body on her. His tall nose bridge almost touched the tip of her nose, and he was close enough that his long eyelashes were grazing her cheek. 
“What are you doing?!” Bella panicked and hurriedly pushed his chest away from her.
Unexpectedly, Justin grabbed her hand and held it tightly. His lips parted as he said in a low voice, ” Bella, don’t move.”
###chapter220
Justin put his left arm across Bella’s waist and slowly fastened the seat belt for her. 
Bella gritted her teeth and retracted her hand as if she had touched something dirty. “Where are you taking me?” 
“We agreed last night that you’d go to my house to pick up your things today.” Justin let go of her and held the steering wheel. 
“I will go, so you don’t have to do this!” 
“I don’t believe you.” 
Justin started the engine and glanced at her. “You’re such a good liar. How many times have you lied to me since you married me three years ago? Have you ever told me the truth?” 
“Have I not?” 
Bella sneered. “Think whatever you like. It doesn’t matter now.” 
Justin felt a chill, as if a bullet had shot through his chest. 
Sometimes, he wished that she had never had feelings for him. That way, he could move on without 
any guilt. 
The Ferrari sped through the highway, passing by the beautiful scenery along the way. 
Bella simply resigned herself to her fate since she could not run away. She crossed her arms across her chest, adjusted the back of her chair, and fell asleep in a comfortable position.
Out of sight, out of mind. 
“Sorry about that.” Justin tightened his grip on the steering wheel. 
“About what?” 
Bella discovered that this man had been acting abnormally after their divorce. He used to be as stubborn as a donkey, but he has been admitting his mistakes quite frequently lately. 
Bella thought, ‘Did Rosalind enroll him in a morality course or something?’ 
“I didn’t know that Asher was your brother.” 
“Oh, whatever. I forgive you.” Bella did not take it seriously. 
“But why didn’t you explain yourself?” Justin looked at Bella’s beautiful side profile. 
“At that time, would you have believed me if I said that nothing was going on between me and 
Asher?” 
Justin felt a lump in his throat. 
Bella shook her head. “The world is always assuming the worst of women. If I wasn’t Asher’s sister and was just the poor Anna Brown, you and thousands of people in this world would just think that I was a shameless gold digger. Except for the people I love and care about, I don’t care what others think of me.” 
Justin’s face turned pale. His knuckles popped from gripping the steering wheel too hard. 
He thought, ‘Does this mean that she no longer loves and cares about me?’
There was nothing wrong with that, but Justin just felt frustrated. 
They drove in silence for a while before Justin suddenly asked, “So, Asher is your eldest brother, Axel is your second brother, and Drew is your third brother? Why did Drew take your mother’s last name?” 
“Justin.” 
Bella suddenly opened her eyes. Her face was as cold as ice. “You’re touching my bottom line by investigating my family.” 
Justin parted his thin lips, but Bella spoke first. “Why do you keep testing my patience? I’m only putting up with you because I am from the Thompson family and have been raised to be a bigger person. That’s why I don’t want to make a scene. Otherwise, it’ll be disgraceful. But if you continue to reach out your filthy paws into my family, I don’t care who you are. I won’t let you off the hook! So, you’d better check your behavior.” 
The man’s thin lips pursed tightly. His neatly trimmed nails were digging into the leather steering wheel. “I didn’t investigate Drew. I thought he was familiar when we fought the last time. So, I looked through the graduation photo album of the military academy I went to and found his photo. That was when I remembered that we used to be classmates.” 
Bella turned to look out the window and simply ignored him. She was still mad at him. 
Justin glanced at her, picked up the phone, and dialed Ian’s number. He pressed the speakerphone 
button. 
“Hello, Mr. Salvador. What are your orders?” Ian answered the call instantly.
“Buy a pair of high heels for Ms. Bella from one of these brands-Christian Louboutin, Jimmy Choo, and Manolo Blahnik. Then send them to Tideview Manor.” 
Bella was surprised to hear this. She slowly looked at the man’s calm face. 
These were brands that she wore often. 
“Yes, sir! I’ll make arrangements for the young madam right away.” Ian’s voice was so cheerful that those who did not know would think that he had a successful proposal. 
Justin lowered his cold eyes to look at Bella’s feet. His eyes darkened, and he said, “Size 36. Don’t get the wrong size.”
###chapter221
Bella’s long eyelashes fluttered. She felt goosebumps on her fair skin. 
“How do you know I wear size 36 shoes?” 
Justin looked calm and dignified. “I was just guessing because your feet look very small.” 
Bella’s small feet curled up slightly in embarrassment under her house slippers. She sneered. “Men are real perverts.” 
Justin was speechless 
He knew better than to tell the truth. 
The reason he knew Bella’s shoe size was because he carefully explored everything that she had left behind in Tideview Manor, like his personal treasure hunt. 
Thus, he knew that she liked to collect snacks at home like a little hamster. Chocolate accounted for the majority of those snacks. 
Her usual perfume was Serge Lutens’ La Fille de Berlin. He had vaguely smelled it before but thought that the strong scent did not suit her. Now it seemed that he was totally wrong. This strong and romantic scent was created just for her. 
Justin learned that she wore size 36 shoes because she had a few pairs of white sneakers stacked neatly on the shoe rack, as if she would come home at any time. 
That day, she said disappointedly that he never understood her. 
So, he wanted to get to know her again this way.
During the two-hour drive, they barely communicated with each other. 
The Ferrari drove into Tideview Manor and stopped in front of the main door. 
Justin unbuckled his seat belt first before he leaned toward Bella. 
Slap-! 
Bella knew that he would try something again, so she suddenly blocked his arm and glared at him. ” You don’t need to do this. I can unbuckle myself.”. 
As a result, Justin took advantage of her momentary daze, stretched his long arm across her flat belly, and unbuckled her seatbelt quickly. 
“You’re welcome.” 
Bella narrowed her beautiful eyes and thought, ‘How could he move so fast?! I didn’t even have time to react!’ 
Earlier, she had heard from Drew that it took him ten seconds to assemble a pistol in the military academy, but Justin only needed eight seconds. His speed was astonishing. 
It would be so easy to fool her. 
As soon as Justin and Bella walked into Tideview Manor, the news spread among the servants at the speed of light. 
“OMG! Am I seeing things? Did Mr. Salvador bring back the young madam?!” 
“It really is the young madam! OMG! She’s so beautiful! How could Mr. Salvador divorce such a pretty wife?”
“What should I call her now? Young Madam, or Ms. Brown? Oh, no… 
“Ms. Brown, I guess. If Ms. Gold finds out that we called someone else ‘young madam’, she’ll make our lives difficult when she moves in here.” 
“You’re right. Ms. Gold is a jealous woman. She’s not as amiable as Ms. Brown.” 
The maids’ gossip drifted into Justin’s ears. His eyes were slightly gloomy as he glanced at Bella, who was beside him. 
If he could hear the maids, Bella could too. But she turned a deaf ear to them and looked so indifferent that Justin felt even more uncomfortable. 
“Where are my things?” 
“It’s still in the same place in your room.” 
“You knew I would come to pick it up today. Why didn’t you sort it out in advance? Are you that lazy?” 
Bella frowned and murmured. 
“Those are your precious things, so I don’t dare to touch them.” Justin stared at her. 
Men really did not appreciate what they had. 
In the past, Justin did not take Bella seriously when she was obedient and in love with him. Now that 
she pushed him away and insulted him, he wanted to get to know her more. 
Bella did not want to have more eye contact with him, so she looked away. “Then what should I do now? Should I go up and get it? Or do you want to send someone to pack it up and send it down to
me?” 
At this time, Justin’s phone rang. 
Only then did Justin remember that he had an important conference call. He said apologetically, “I need to answer the phone first. I’ll be back later.” 
“Whatever.” 
After the man left in a hurry, Bella took a deep breath and relaxed her tense nerves. 
She felt suffocated during their journey here. 
When she was his wife, she tried every possible means to create opportunities to be alone with him, but this ruthless man would always neglect her. 
Now, he personally drove to Hatchbay to pick her up, bought high heels for her, and helped her fasten her seat belt. He was as attentive and considerate as a husband should be.
###chapter222
Bella just felt weird and awkward, as if a million little ants were crawling along her ankles and up her 
calves. 
This belated tenderness was sour, like expired milk. 
Bella took out her phone and called Steven. “Steve, I’m at Tideview Manor in Savrow. Come and pick 
me up now.” 
“What?!” Steven was shocked. “Why are you there?!” 
“Sigh, it’s a long story. Come here first. I’ll tell you about it later.” 
After hanging up the phone, Bella walked straight upstairs. 
She did not want to stay in this house for too long, so she wanted to pack up her costumes and leave 
as soon as Steven arrived. 
The room she used to stay in was not too far from Carrie’s room. She asked the servant about Carrie’s whereabouts and thought of going over to see her. 
As soon as Bella walked to the door of Carrie’s room, she heard Bethany’s shrill voice coming from 
inside. 
“You little bitch! What on earth did you and Mr. Hoffman do at Grandpa’s birthday party that day?! Tell me now!”
“Nothing… Really…” Carrie’s crying voice broke Bella’s heart. 
“Bullshit!” 
Bethany became even angrier, thinking that Carrie was lying to her. “How could you have done nothing with him after getting drugged? Where did the red marks on his neck come from?! Did he get bitten by a dog?!” 
“I don’t know! I don’t remember. I really don’t remember… Ah!” 
Shatter–! 
Suddenly, a vase shattered on the floor. 
Bella’s eyes turned red with anger. She clenched her fists tightly and kicked open the door, startling the furious Bethany. 
“You again?!” 
As soon as Bethany returned to her senses, she felt something flying in front of her eyes. 
In the next second, something hit her in the face. 
“Ah!” 
Soon after, another slipper came flying toward Bethany’s face again. 
Bethany’s nose was swollen. She was seeing stars, and there were shoe prints on her forehead. She 
looked ridiculous.
Bethany covered her forehead and pointed at Bella’s face. She was so furious that she was speechless. 
“Did you drink toilet water? You have such a foul mouth.” Bella crossed her arms in front of her chest, tilted her head, and flashed a stunning and threatening smile. 
“Annie…” Carrie huddled in the corner and shivered. 
Seeing Bella, Carrie was so excited that her lips trembled slightly and tears streamed down her face. 
“Bella Thompson! You crazy bitch!” 
Bethany was infuriated. She gritted her teeth, and her face was numb and painful from the impact. The soles of these slippers were more lethal than a slap. “Don’t think that you’re so great just because you’re a Thompson! As a Salvador, I’m not inferior to you! I won’t let you get away with hitting me today!” 
“Then you’d better keep your word. Otherwise, I’m afraid I wouldn’t have a reason to beat you up.” 
Bella did not take Bethany seriously. Her beautiful eyes were cold and mocking. “If you’re so great, you wouldn’t just hide here and bully your sister. If I didn’t know you were Shannon’s daughter, I would’ve thought you were raised by a bitch.” 
Bethany took a while to react. Then she rushed toward Bella and yelled, “How dare you call me a son of a bitch?! I’ll fucking rip you apart!” 
Bella only shook her head in disgust when she saw Bethany showing her true colors and claws. 
She did not want to touch Bethany for fear of getting rabies because Bethany was like a rabid beast. 
Just as Bethany’s claws were about to touch Bella, a strong arm suddenly grabbed Bethany’s wrist.
“Ow! It hurts!” Bethany suddenly felt severe pain and bent forward. 
Bella felt Justin’s strong presence behind her and looked back in shock. 
Coincidentally, Justin was also looking at her. 
Their eyes met. 
Bella thought she saw a hint of concern in his beautiful eyes, but she doubted her vision. She must 
have been mistaken. 
She would rather believe in magic than believe that this bastard would care about her. 
“Did she hurt you?” Justin lowered his cold eyes to look at Bella. His tone was filled with unprecedented concern.
###chapter223
Bella was stunned for a moment. She said coldly, “I’m fine, but Carrie might be hurt.” 
Justin’s dark pupils suddenly shrank. He tightened his grip on Bethany’s wrist. 
“Ahhh! Justin, Justin, please let go! It hurts… You’re hurting me!” Bethany was in so much pain that her forehead was covered in cold sweat, and she was about to cry. 
Justin pursed his thin lips. Then he suddenly let go of Bethany. 
Bethany staggered back several steps due to the force and fell to the floor, looking wretched. 
“Justin! This woman threw her slippers at me first! Look, there’s still a shoe print on my face! This is the evidence!” 
Bethany cried and pounded the floor with her fists. “This woman came to our house to beat your sister! How can you side with her without knowing the full situation?!” 
Unexpectedly, Justin did not even look at her. Instead, he asked Bella in a deep voice, “Are you really okay?” 
Bella rolled her eyes and did not bother responding. 
She walked over to Carrie, kneeled in front of her, and stroked her soft hair. 
“Annie!” Carrie threw herself into Bella’s arms, sobbing. 
She did not cry when Bethany beat her, but the moment she saw Anna, she felt so aggrieved that she could no longer hold back her tears.
“Don’t cry. As long as I’m here, I won’t let anyone bully you, Carrie. I’ll take care of you from now on.” Bella’s heart ached as she comforted Carrie. She glared at Bethany fiercely. 
Bethany was really vicious, like an evil stepmother. 
Justin’s cold heart trembled slightly when he saw Bella and Carrie hugging each other. 
He liked seeing how close they were, and he greedily hoped that he could see such a scene more often. 
“Bethany, you’d better mark my words.” 
Bella’s gaze pierced Bethany’s eyes like a sword. “From now on, Carrie will be under my care. Don’t think that I’m unaware of what happens at Tideview Manor when I’m not around. I don’t care about anything else, but if you dare touch a hair on Carrie’s head, don’t blame me for being ruthless. I won’t hold back against you.” 
Bethany’s eyes trembled, and her heart shuddered in fear. She looked up with her tear-stained face, which was covered in ruined makeup, and turned to Justin for help. 
“Justin…” 
“Did you hear what Ms. Thompson said?” Justin asked coldly. His eyes were still on Bella. 
Bethany slumped to the floor in despair. She finally understood. 
There was no way this bastard could help her. He had never considered her his sister from the beginning. 
At this moment, Bethany had no choice but to give in.
“Apologize to Carrie immediately.” Justin’s tone was cold and stern. 
Bethany bit her lip and refused to open her mouth. 
“Bethany!” 
“Forget it. An insincere apology means nothing.” 
Bella’s eyes were stern, and her clear voice was filled with derision. “She’s doing well as long as she doesn’t pounce and bite someone.” 
Bethany wiped the shoe marks on her forehead and returned to her room angrily. 
“Bella! I won’t let you go!” 
Bethany’s eyes were red. She was breathing heavily. Only then did she wonder why Bella showed up at her house. 
Did Justin bring her back? What did he mean by this? Did he want to remarry his ex-wife? No way in hell!
###chapter224
Though Rosalind was evil, she came from a poor family and looked sickly. Thus, Bethany thought that she could easily defeat Rosalind with brute force if necessary. 
However, Bethany could not defeat Bella. That woman came from a prominent family and knew martial arts. If Bella reconciled with Justin, Bethany would become Bella’s punching bag in the future. 
Thinking of this, Bethany secretly hatched a plan. 
As they said, the enemy of her enemy was her friend. So, why not work together with Rosalind and sit back to watch Bella and Rosalind fight to the death? 
After making up her mind, Bethany dialed Rosalind’s phone number. 
“Rose! Justin brought Bella home, and the two of them looked so intimate. I’m afraid your position in Justin’s heart is gone now.” 
Justin ordered the servants to come over and clean up Carrie’s room while Bella kept hugging and comforting Carrie. 
“Carrie, don’t be scared. I’m right here.” 
“Annie!” 
Carrie was already 20 years old, but she had a form of autism that made her behavior seem a bit childish. She clutched Bella’s clothes tightly and stubbornly insisted. “Annie, please don’t leave. Can you please stay here? I really miss you…”
Bella felt a little embarrassed that she had not told Carrie about her true identity. Her back stiffened awkwardly. 
Justin quietly watched their interaction and took a step forward, wanting to get closer to Bella. 
“Mr. Salvador.” 
However, Bella seemed to have eyes behind her back. She suddenly spoke in a cold voice, “I know you’re busy and that you hate this family. But you watched Carrie grow up. She has always respected you as a brother. If you still have a trace of kindness in your heart, please don’t turn a blind eye to Bethany bullying Carrie next time! If I find out that Bethany is bullying Carrie again, I will sue her for intentional assault.” 
Justin was startled. He pursed his thin lips tightly. 
He was usually too busy with work, so he spent very little time at home. 
Justin did not know that Bethany was so cruel to her biological sister. The sisterly affection Bethany had for Carrie was just for show in front of their grandfather. 
“I swear to you that this kind of thing will never happen again,” Justin said loudly. 
“Why are you swearing to me? I’m not the one who got hurt.” 
Justin was criticized again, but he was used to it by now. 
Bella comforted Carrie for a while before she and Justin went to the room where she had stayed by herself for three years. 
She walked to the bedroom and opened the closet. Everything that belonged to Anna was neatly arranged inside.
Bella thought of how much heart and soul she had poured into preparing these gifts for Justin. She thought of the lonely nights she spent doing handicrafts and how he had always neglected her when she brought these gifts to him. He would not even spare her a glance. 
She was the only one carrying their relationship. Her heart was filled with sadness, and her red lips curled into a self-deprecating smile. 
In the past, she was infatuated with this man. 
Now, she only felt disgusted by him. 
“Do you have a box? I came in a hurry and didn’t prepare anything. Please lend me a box so I can pack my clothes…” 
Before she could finish her sentence, Bella felt his arm go over her head. 
She raised her eyes in surprise and saw his fingers pressing on the cabinet door. 
The delicate cufflinks on his suit flickered with a dark light. Bella shuddered and hunched her shoulders. She widened her eyes and asked, “Justin, what do you mean?” 
Justin parted his thin lips and called out her name in a husky voice. “Bella.” 
His deep and alluring voice seemed to trigger her nerves like a surge of electricity. 
“If you want to take your things away, just answer my question. Why did you marry me back then?”
###chapter225
Bella said, “You’ll never give up, huh?” 
Her hand on the cabinet door clenched into a fist. She took a deep breath, and her eyes turned red with anger. “I have said everything I should say. I can’t do anything if you don’t believe me.” 
“Have we met somewhere a long time ago?” 
Justin was eager for an answer. He leaned closer to her, almost covering her beautiful back with his body. “Bella, answer me. Have we met a long time ago?” 
Bella’s heart suddenly clenched. Her red lips instantly lost color. “You’re thinking too much. The time Grandpa introduced us and proposed that we get married was the first time we met. Before that, we 
had never seen each other before.” 
She was afraid that Justin would find out that she was the little girl he saved 13 years ago. 
Since they were already divorced, Bella thought that her 13 years of love and pursuit only made her look more pitiful and embarrassed. 
Bella wanted to save her dignity. She really did not want this bastard to know that she had been in love with him for 13 years. 
It was embarrassing. 
There was a trace of disappointment in Justin’s eyes. He always thought that there was more truth 
behind it.
“Let me go. I need to get my things and leave.” Bella’s voice was trembling. She pulled open the 
cabinet door. 
“Bella, you…” 
“Stop asking! That’s enough!” 
Bella suddenly seemed overly sensitive. Her voice was sharp as she said, “Justin, we’re divorced. Do you understand what the word divorce means?! Why are you insisting on digging up the past? So what if I was infatuated with you once? I don’t love you anymore. Now when I see you and these gifts I prepared for you, I just feel sick!” 
‘Infatuated with me.’ Justin heard nothing else but these words, which echoed repeatedly in his mind. 
He took a deep breath, held her smooth shoulders, and suddenly turned her body around so that she was facing him. 
Justin was shocked to find her eyes were teary and red. 
“You can cry if you want.” Justin’s voice was stiff, but his eyes were a little softer than before. 
“Hah! Cry?! Can’t you see that I’m furious? Divorcing you brings me such joy that I wake up laughing 
in my sleep! Why the hell would I cry?” 
Bella’s beautiful eyes were as cold as ice. Her chest heaved angrily. “From the moment I signed the 
divorce papers, I told myself that I would never shed a tear for you again.” 
The last sentence struck Justin’s heart like a hammer.
Just as he was about to say something, there was a sudden knock on the door. 
“Mr. Salvador, are you in there?” 
The butler said respectfully, “Ms. Gold is here. She’s waiting for you downstairs…” 
Bella’s eyes suddenly turned dark. 
Justin’s face also became grim. 
Downstairs, Rosalind was waiting anxiously. 
The servants hid in the shadows and gossiped among themselves. 
Everyone knew that Justin’s ex-wife was also there at the moment. If Rosalind bumped into her, would inevitably lead to another blood bath. 
“Justin!” 
When Rosalind saw Justin coming downstairs with an expressionless face, she rushed toward him and hugged him tightly around the waist. 
it 
Justin instinctively wanted to push her away, but she hugged him so tightly as if he were her life raft that she had to hang onto to keep from drowning. 
“Justin… I miss you so much… I really miss you!” 
Rosalind smelled the familiar cedar scent on Justin’s body and started crying. “I’m sorry… I know my mistake. I just went astray because I was angry. Justin, you know exactly what kind of person I am. We
grew up together!” 
At this point, Rosalind could not think of any good solutions except playing the emotional card. 
She wanted to do as Shannon said and give Justin some space during this time so that his anger would subside. 
However, when she learned that Bella had gone to Tideview Manor, Rosalind could no longer sit still. Thus, she ran to see Justin in a panic. 
“Rose.” 
Justin’s tone was no longer as gentle as before. “I told you that we should take a break from seeing each other. You should leave.”
###chapter226
“Why?!” Rosalind asked with tears streaming down her face. 
Shannon taught Shannon to act pitiful and weak because most men were susceptible to this trick. 
“Yeah, why?” 
Suddenly, a crisp and pleasant voice came from upstairs. 
Everyone looked up to see Bella carrying a suitcase down the stairs with ease. She raised her delicate 
chin slightly and walked downstairs steadily. 
Compared to the crying Rosalind, Bella looked so regal and upright. 
Rosalind hugged Justin tightly. A cold glint flashed in her eyes, piercing Bella’s smiling face. 
The servants were excited to watch the drama unfold. 
Justin’s eyes darkened slightly. He put his hands on Rosalind’s shoulders, looking like he was about to push her away. 
However, Bella only saw how intimate they were. 
Bella thought, ‘Hah! No wonder Justin wanted me to come over in person to pick up my things. If I didn’t come, I would miss out on their show of love.’ 
At this moment, Bella just wanted to go home immediately, burn the clothes she was wearing, and cleanse her body. 
Bella thought that everything Justin touched was filthy.
“Ms. Gold is your fiancée. She came all the way to see you, so why are you kicking her out? Tsk, tsk! You’re so cruel.” 
Bella looked at Rosalind with a smile. “Ms. Gold, please don’t misunderstand us. I’m just here to get my things. I’m leaving now, so please continue. Time always feels short when one is in love.” 
Justin felt a lump in his throat. His handsome face turned pale, and his chest burned with frustration. 
Rosalind looked at Bella with hatred. She had made such a fool of herself at Nigel’s birthday banquet, so she did not dare confront Bella again at this time. 
“Oh, by the way, I don’t want any of the things I left here, especially the gifts I prepared for Mr. Salvador back then. Could you please dispose of that trash when you move in later? I heard it’s unlucky to keep an ex’s things around because it might affect the couple’s relationship.” 
Bella 
gave a simple explanation, picked up the box, and walked briskly past them. 
Rosalind was dumbfounded, and so were the servants. 
Justin’s ex-wife was not at all jealous of his fiancée. Instead, she looked delighted. This showed what 
a magnanimous person Justin’s ex-wife was. 
Seeing Bella walk out of the villa, Justin could not bear it any longer and pushed Rosalind away. Then he chased after Bella with quick strides. 
“Ah! Justin!” 
Justin’s forceful push made Rosalind stagger back and fall miserably on the coffee table. The cups and plates were smashed on the floor, cutting her hands. Her skirt was also ripped.
At the same time, Bethany, who was hiding upstairs, witnessed this scene. She was so angry that she gritted her teeth and stomped her feet. 
Bella carried the box and walked out of the door wearing her home slippers. 
“Bella! Wait!” Justin called out to her anxiously in a deep voice. 
However, Bella ignored him and did not stop. 
“Mr. Salvador, I bought the young madam’s shoes!” 
At this time, Ian came back sweating profusely and carrying a bag of luxury goods in his hand. 
Justin caught up to Bella in a few strides, grabbed the bag from Ian, and blocked Bella’s path. 
“Here.” He handed her the shoes. 
Bella lowered her eyes and took it, passing by him without a word. 
Justin’s eyes darkened a little. His anxious heart slowly settled down. 
This was the first time she received something from him. As such, he felt an unprecedented sense of accomplishment in his heart. 
However, what happened next shocked him to the core. 
Justin watched helplessly as Bella swung the bag without aiming and accurately threw the shoes worth tens of thousands of dollars into the trash can. 
Ian felt as if someone had strangled his neck. He could not even breathe. 
He clearly saw what happened from the corner of his eye.
Justin looked devastated, as if his heart was trampled on.
###chapter227
Outside Tideview Manor, Steven was pacing back and forth anxiously. He was worried about Bella. 
When he saw Bella walking out with a box, Steven ran over to help her. 
“Ms. Bella, did that jerk, Justin, do anything to you?!” 
Bella frowned and said, “Don’t call him a jerk. It’ll be embarrassing if you get used to it and blurt it out in public in the future, especially in formal settings.” 
“Okay,” Steven responded dully. 
“That jerk won’t dare do anything to me. If he does, I’ll castrate him!” Bella cracked her knuckles. 
Steven could not help but laugh. That was when he noticed that she was only wearing home slippers. He asked, “Why are you wearing slippers?” 
“I came out in a hurry and forgot to change into shoes.” 
In fact, there were several pairs of white sneakers that belonged to her at the entrance. She could simply wear them before leaving. 
However, Bella stubbornly chose not to do so. That way, she could express her resistance and disgust toward Justin and her life over the past three years. 
Those shoes belonged to Anna Brown. They were neatly placed and looked like they would be disposed of at any time. 
The shoes that belonged to Bella Thompson were high-quality, luxurious, and flamboyant stilettos. There was no way she would wear old white sneakers again.
She would never go back to her domesticated life. 
“Let’s go to KS World Hotel.” 
The Bugatti engine roared as Bella sped away. 
At this moment, Justin stood upstairs in front of the window of the room where Bella had stayed before. He looked in the direction of Bella’s car and felt his heart burning. His eyes darkened. 
Back at the hotel, Bella remained aloof. She took the exclusive elevator to the general manager’s 
office with Steven. 
As soon as they entered the corridor, they were startled to see Ryan standing lazily against the wall. He was wearing a black shirt and black pants. 
“Ryan? How did you get up here?!” Bella quickly walked up to him. Her beautiful eyes widened in surprise. 
“I climbed up the stairs.” Ryan smirked. 
Ryan was panting heavily and had a thin layer of sweat on his forehead. His black suit was draped on his muscular forearm, and the top few buttons of his shirt were undone, revealing his sexy collarbone. 
Steven looked at this unrestrained man with disgust and secretly cursed him for being a man-slut. 
Steven thought, ‘Does he think that Bella will take another look at him if he shows off his pecs? She’s not so shallow!’ 
As a result, Ryan seemed to be able to read minds. Instead of buttoning up his shirt, he even pulled his collar down and smiled slyly at Steven.
“Are the administrative secretaries and security guards not doing their jobs? How can someone get into my office so easily without my permission and without an appointment?” Bella’s expression suddenly became stern. 
Ryan’s heart trembled. He had wanted to sneak up to surprise her, but Bella did not seem happy about 
1. 
“I’ll take care of it right away.” Steven glared at the flirtatious man in front of him. 
“Don’t! It has nothing to do with them. I ran up here secretly.” 
Ryan quickly put on a bright and flattering smile and grabbed Bella’s arm. “They stopped me from coming upstairs, so I had no choice but to do this. Don’t blame them. You can blame me if you want!” 
“Deduct the administrative secretary’s salary this month and find out who is in charge of security today. Fire those guards immediately.” 
Bella gave the order and pulled her arm out of Ryan’s grip. She then walked toward her office indifferently. 
“Yes, Miss.” Steven was delighted to see Ryan being left behind. 
“Anna… No, wait. Ms. Thompson!” 
Only then did Ryan realize that he was in trouble. He chased after Bella and acted like a helpless child who had made a mistake. “I’m sorry. It’s my fault. What should I do for you to calm down? I’ll do anything for you. Just say the word, and I’m at your disposal!” 
“Ryan.”
}) 
Bella said coldly, “Come in. I have something to ask you.’ 
Ryan’s charming eyes sparkled as if he had been pardoned. He followed Bella into the office excitedly. 
On the other hand, Steven was asked to stand guard outside the door. He could not come in without orders.
###chapter228
Steven, the lapdog, was suddenly asked to be a guard dog, so he felt aggrieved. 
After the door was closed, Bella walked straight to the sofa and sat down. Her beautiful legs were so fair that they were glowing. She rested her left arm on the armrest of the sofa and placed her right arm casually on her lap. She looked elegant and powerful. Ryan was overwhelmed by the sight. 
His Adam’s apple bobbed, and his eyes widened. Bella had such a strong and noble presence. 
Ryan loved her even more. 
“Hehe… I knew that you wouldn’t kick me out, especially with our special relationship.” 
Ryan squinted his charming eyes. Just as he was about to get closer, Bella suddenly said in a cold voice, “Ryan, did you think I was joking when I told you that I was not interested?” 
Ryan suddenly stopped. He looked stunned. 
“In the past, Anna Brown might have shown you some respect. After all, you had helped her. But Bella Thompson doesn’t have so much patience to deal with your antics.” 
Bella’s eyes were estranged, as if they had never met before. Ryan shivered. 
How could he be willing to give up so quickly? He took two steps forward, but Bella glared at him with sharp eyes, forcing him to freeze on the spot and shudder in fear. 
“Although you’re Wyatt Thompson’s daughter, you’re still Anna Brown! How could a name change wipe out our friendship?” 
“The moment Justin and I finalized the divorce, Anna Brown died and ceased to exist.”
Bella pursed her lips and said, “Neither you nor Justin are qualified to be in my life. Mr. Hoffman, you’re a romantic, so please save your heart for someone else. Don’t get hung up over me, because I will never fall in love with you.” 
“Did I do something wrong? Tell me what I did wrong, and I will correct it!” Ryan was so anxious that his eyes turned red. 
“There’s one more thing I should remind you of, Mr. Hoffman.” 
Bella’s eyes turned gloomy. “Don’t think that I’m unaware of what you did to Carrie at Grandpa Nigel’s birthday party.” 
Ryan’s face turned pale instantly. His blood felt stagnant as he replayed the events of that night. 
He held Carrie’s bare shoulders in the bushes that night. Her delicate and pinkish skin teased his desires, and Carrie’s inexperienced and passionate kiss ignited his desires. 
If Carrie were not Justin’s sister, and if Ryan had not loved Bella, he would have gone along with it. 
Ryan was not a celibate person to begin with. Thus, he went along with his instincts. 
“How you fool around with other women is none of my business, but I care about Carrie like a sister. She’s an innocent and inexperienced girl, so I won’t allow anyone to hurt her.” 
“No, Bella, you misunderstood!” 
Ryan did not know how to explain it. He was so anxious that his black shirt was soaked with sweat. ” She was drugged that night. I just…” 
“Did you want to ‘help’ her?” 
Ryan’s throat was blocked. What Bella thought of him became worse.
“We were at the Salvadors’ villa at the time. If something happened to Carrie, you could have informed the Salvador family. You didn’t have to sacrifice yourself to ‘help’ her.” 
Bella laughed. Her eyes were filled with contempt. “Since you’ve done it, why don’t you even have the courage to admit what you did?”. 
“I’m so wronged in this! She took the initiative to kiss and hug me! I didn’t do anything!” Ryan’s eyes were full of despair, but he could not defend himself in front of Bella. 
Bella waved her hand and lost her patience. “Ryan, Carrie is different from us. She’s fragile and pitiful. You are used to being casual with women, so what you think is harmless may have completely ruined Carrie.” 
Ryan’s body slumped in defeat. He realized that it was useless, no matter how hard he tried to explain himself. 
That was because Bella had already labeled him as a scumbag. 
Although he was indeed a scumbag, he did not want Bella to see him that way. 
Perhaps it was useless to change his old ways. As soon as he turned over a new leaf, Bella accused him of something despicable. 
“I still have work to do, so please leave. Also, if you show up at my office without making an appointment again, I will get security to kick you out. Steve, send Mr. Hoffman off!” 
“Bella!” 
Ryan was so anxious that he was about to explode. He strode in front of her, hoping to fight for the last chance to love her before she kicked him out.
The moment his body approached Bella’s, Ryan heard a “swoosh”. 
Bella pointed a gorgeous and discreet butterfly knife at the base of his throat
###chapter229
Ryan’s face turned pale in an instant. 
He did not realize when Bella had taken out the knife. Before he could react, the knife was already on 
his neck. 
The butterfly knife was infamous for being an insidious and extremely lethal weapon. It was the most dangerous and flashy weapon that could be used with a quick twitch of a finger. 
Bella used this thing on Ryan. How cruel! 
“Stop pestering me, Ryan.” 
Bella narrowed her eyes slightly and patted his cheek gently with the sharp blade. I won’t choose you even if you were the last man on earth.” 
“But if there are only two men left in the world, who will you choose between me and Justin?” Ryan 
asked in a trembling voice. His heartbeat was still pounding with fear. 
Bella sneered. “I still won’t choose you.” 
Ryan had always been arrogant and dignified. At this moment, his heart and ego instantly shattered into a million pieces. 
Suddenly, the office door opened. 
“Bella, what are you doing?” Asher stood at the door, looking astonished.
Bella’s eyes narrowed as she put away the butterfly knife. Then she smiled sweetly at her brother.” Ash, why didn’t you tell me that you were coming?” 
Her expression changed faster than Ryan could blink. 
Ryan stood up stiffly, took a deep look at Bella, and left with reddened eyes filled with despair. 
Asher glanced at him and could see how defeated this arrogant prince was. Asher frowned and did not know if he should laugh or cry. 
In all of Savrow, Bella was the only woman who could make Ryan Hoffman look so defeated. 
“Ash!” 
Bella happily threw her arms around Asher’s neck. “How are you? Has your wound healed?” 
“What do you think? I don’t even have to wrap it in gauze anymore.” 
Asher lifted his little sister off the ground and spun her around like when they were children. “It’s just a superficial wound. Your brother is not that weak.” 
Right. Even Wyatt would be shocked if he knew about what Asher used to do. 
Who would have thought that the kind and gentle man in front of her was actually the boss of the 
largest underground mob in Orealm, who also controlled the gangs in Hatchbay, Savrow, and the surrounding regions? 
Later, something happened that made Asher resign from his position as the mob boss. He turned over a new leaf and no longer got involved in mob affairs from then on. Instead, Asher turned to God and started to preach morality, completely drawing a line with his dark past.
Even Bella could not figure out how a man who had never killed anyone, bullied the weak, smoked, or drank could become a mob boss. 
Bella was convinced that there must be a deep secret under her eldest brother’s gentle smile. 
“What happened between you and Mr. Hoffman?” 
Asher chuckled helplessly. “Ryan Hoffman is sincere with you, regardless of how he treats others. Even if you don’t want to give him a chance, you shouldn’t slap his face with a knife. A man needs dignity. Not to mention, he’s the future heir of the Hoffman family.” 
“If I didn’t do this, he would have kept pestering me.” 
Bella pinched her nose bridge tiredly. “Men usually like to act cool when chasing gifts, but Ryan is really persistent and shameless. If I hadn’t shown him my knife, he wouldn’t have given up and would have continued to pester me. Anyway, now that I’m back to being Bella Thompson, I don’t want to get involved with any of Justin’s friends. I know I’ve gone a bit overboard this time, but I can’t help it. It’s better to rip out the Band-Aid.” 
“Sometimes I think it would be great if Anna Brown and Bella Thompson could merge into one.” Asher sighed lightly. 
“Hmph! That’s not possible because I’ve killed that persona.” 
Bella felt a little tired after talking to Asher for a while, so she lay on Asher’s lap. 
Asher smiled slightly. His long and beautiful fingers massaged Bella’s temples gently. 
“Ash, did you come over because you have information?” Bella closed and rested her eyes with a look of enjoyment on her face.
“You’re the smartest among us, so you must have guessed it.” 
“Have you thought of some way to deal with the Salvador family?” Bella asked in a lazy voice. 
“If you’re not bothered to deal with Ms. Gold, I can help you deal with her.” Asher always had a smile on his face, so it was difficult to distinguish his real emotions. 
“No, leave Rosalind to me. I’d regret not dealing with her myself if you did it for me.” Bella’s eyes narrowed into two lines like a cat’s eyes, filled with a cold glint. 
Rosalind dared to mess with Bella, so Bella wanted her to suffer.
###chapter230
Asher’s gentle eyes squinted in a smile as he handed a file to Bella. 
“What’s this?” 
Bella took it with doubt and browsed through the file. Suddenly, she looked revitalized. 
“Salvador Corporation won the new Baxim project, and Gregory handed it over to Shannon. The project is estimated to be worth tens of billions of dollars, with a huge profit. There are a lot of shady dealings involved, and it’s an opportunity to expand one’s network in Savrow. More importantly, Shannon is relying on this project to move up the corporate ladder and compete with Justin. Although she was an actress before, she was very ambitious. She relied on Gregory’s favor and wanted to gain control over Salvador Corporation.” 
“Gain control of Salvador Corporation? Haha! How does she even dare to think about it? Isn’t she afraid she won’t be able to swallow it?” 
Bella looked at the information with gleaming eyes. “Grandpa has developed Salvador Corporation to where it is today. Even if Justin isn’t capable of leading the company, it’s not Shannon’s turn to call the shots.” 
“You should study this information tonight. Gregory and Shannon have an appointment with Mayor Solloway at 1:00 p.m. the day after tomorrow. They will be meeting at the Salvadors’ golf course in the western suburbs of Savrow. They are probably going to promote the Baxim project.” 
Asher put his arms around Bella’s shoulders, looking like he was entrusted with a heavy responsibility. “Bella, it’s up to you to avenge me.” 
“Pft! I know what you’re doing.”
Bella tilted her head and leaned against Asher’s broad shoulders. “You know that I won’t let them get away with what they did to you, so you did the groundwork. That way, I can take my revenge. You’re treating me like a child, handing me freebies!” 
“Bella, don’t expose my thoughts like that!” Asher pinched her cheek. 
“Ash, I’m all grown up now. I’m 24 years old and have been married and divorced once.” 
Bella turned to look at him seriously. “You guys have sacrificed too much for me. Let me protect you guys from now on, so you can live your carefree lives. I’ll take responsibility over KS Group!” 
* 
Rosalind, who had been humiliated by Justin during the day, called Shannon when she got home. She cried and poured out her sorrows. 
“Serves you right!” 
Shannon was so furious that she yelled, “I asked you to hold it in and not to contact Justin while he’s 
still mad at you. But you didn’t listen to me! Now that he rejected you, who can you blame but yourself? It’s your fault! What’s the use of crying now?” 
“But that bitch Bella came to the house! Justin brought her back to Tideview Manor!” 
Rosalind burst into tears. “She’s riding over my head. How can I just hold it in?” 
“You have to, even if you can’t. I understood everything Justin said that day. Why didn’t it get through to your thick skull? If you want to be his wife, you have to be smart about it. All you do is get jealous, cry, and make a fuss. You’ve wasted all my hard work grooming you!” 
Shannon said in a sinister voice, “Your goal is to become the wife of Salvador Corporation’s
president, not play in a romantic drama with Justin! As long as you can achieve your goal, it doesn’t matter even if Bella Thompson shits on your head!” 
“But…..” 
“That’s enough! I will make arrangements for you. Right now, I’m busy securing a spot on the board of directors, so don’t disturb me.” 
After saying that, Shannon hung up. 
Rosalind collapsed on the bed and almost crushed her phone. 
At this time, she received another call. 
It was an unknown number. 
Rosalind wiped away her tears and answered angrily. “Who is it?” 
“Ashley, we haven’t kept in touch for a long time. How are you doing in Savrow?” 
Rosalind heard a man’s playful voice. 
“It’s you?” Rosalind asked as her face turned as pale as paper. 
Ashley was the name she used when she was studying in Meridan. 
After she returned to Justin, Rosalind cut off all her social ties in Meridan. She deleted her social media accounts and changed her email address and phone number, just to completely draw a line with her past. Back then, she used to be a social butterfly who liked to sleep around. 
Rosalind did not expect this man to find her.
“I really miss you, babe. Why don’t you come and meet me? Do you want to come, or should I go over to you?” 
The man had a threatening tone. 
Rosalind’s cold sweat soaked her silk skirt. She felt as if someone had strangled her neck, making it 
difficult for her to breathe. 
“Where are you? I’ll go see you!”
###chapter231
Later that night, Rosalind came to a small and rowdy bar. 
She wore a low-key black sports suit and sat in the corner. The women in this bar were all dressed scantily and wore heavy makeup. Rosalind looked so out of place, like a thief. 
After some time, Rosalind suddenly felt someone’s warm breath that reeked of alcohol next to her. 
Rosalind raised her eyes and saw a familiar man sitting close to her. His cologne was extremely pungent. 
“Ashley, you’re still as beautiful and sexy as before.” The man smiled ambiguously at her. 
Rosalind ducked to the side. She felt goosebumps all over her body. 
In Meridan, she used to hang out with this man every day because she liked to listen to his sweet talk and touch his strong muscles. 
At this moment, she just felt disgusted when she saw him again. How desperate was she back then to fall in love with such a scum? 
Nothing about this man could compare to Justin. 
“When did you come here? What are you doing here?” Rosalind lowered her voice and asked in a cold 
voice. 
“I’m here for you, of course. My home is wherever you are.” 
As he said that, the man smiled sinisterly and leaned toward her. “Remember to wear a skirt when
you see me next time…” 
Rosalind gritted her teeth. “Why are you looking for me?” 
“I miss you…” The man smiled and continued, “Give me some money.” 
“I already compensated you when we broke up! Why are you still doing this?!” Rosalind was so angry 
that her voice cracked. 
“Well, I gambled it all away. I know you’re getting married to the president of Salvador Corporation. I saw it on the news. I think if you want your wedding to go smoothly, you’ll agree to my small request, right?” 
The man was blackmailing her. 
Rosalind felt like a bomb had exploded in her heart. She said bitterly, “So what if you reveal our past to my fiancé? He loves me. He will never care about my past! Everyone has a few ex-boyfriends in this day and age. Don’t even think about threatening me with something like this!” 
“You’re right. But I don’t think everyone will be able to accept the fact that his fiancée gave birth to another man’s child out of wedlock, right?” The man picked up Rosalind’s wine glass and sipped it 
slowly. 
“How dare you mention this?!” 
Rosalind’s scalp tingled when she thought of that baby girl. Her eyes were filled with hatred. “It’s all your fault! I wouldn’t have given birth to her if the abortion didn’t affect my fertility!” 
The man bared his teeth and reached out to hug Rosalind’s trembling shoulders. “That child is the product of our love. Her existence proves that we’ve loved each other once. If you didn’t give birth to
that child, how could we have the chance to meet again?” 
“How much do you want?” Rosalind’s face turned pale, and her tone was cold. 
“$5 million.” The man demanded. 
“My family is no longer what it used to be. How can I give you so much money?!” 
“You might not have it, but Mr. Salvador does.” 
The man sneered disapprovingly. “$5 million is like $50 to a rich man like him, right? He loves you so much, so he’ll certainly give it to you if you ask.” 
Rosalind’s round eyes were horrifyingly red. Suddenly, she calmed down. 
She had a flash of inspiration and quickly cooked up a treacherous plan. 
Rosalind suddenly changed her attitude and leaned her soft body against the man, staring at him pitifully. “To be honest, my marriage to Justin is already in jeopardy. He told me a few days ago that he wanted to break up with me. He no longer wants to marry me.’ 
“What? Why?!” The man seemed more anxious than Rosalind was. 
After all, he also found out that the Gold family was on the verge of bankruptcy. The reason he could blackmail Rosalind was because Justin was her backer. 
If she broke up with Justin, then his plan to come to Savrow would be for nothing. He would not be able to settle his gambling debt and would not be able to afford the air ticket back to Meridan.
###chapter232
Rosalind’s ex-boyfriend thought to himself, ‘I won’t risk my life to fight in the underground boxing ring! I must continue to extort Rosalind.’ 
“That’s because Justin moved on and liked someone else…” 
Rosalind’s eyes turned red as tears streamed down her face. “He doesn’t love me anymore, so what can I do? I can’t afford to pay you anymore because I can’t even afford my own lifestyle. Even if you threaten to kill me, I really have no money to give you.” 
“Then, is there no other way?” Rosalind’s ex-boyfriend looked so anxious, as if he was the one who was supposed to marry Justin. 
“If that woman no longer exists, Justin might just give me a second chance.” Rosalind cried until her eyes were swollen, but she had a murderous gaze. 
“You… You want me to kill her?” The man even made a slicing gesture at his neck. 
“She’s the only obstacle between me and Justin. If she’s gone, Justin will marry me, and I can give you whatever you want.” 
Rosalind’s cold hand touched the man’s cheek and rubbed it gently. Her eyes were alluring and seductive. “When the time comes, I can give you however much you want, even $50 million.” 
‘$50 million?!’ The man’s eyes were filled with greed and lust. He pinned Rosalind against the wall and said, “Who is that woman? Tell me her name.” 
The next day, at the president’s office of Salvador Corporation, Justin held a cup of cooled black coffee and looked out the floor-to-ceiling window at the magnificent view of Savrow’s CBD. There was a
chill in his eyes. 
“This is unreasonable! What on earth is the chairman doing?!” 
Ian picked up the drafted appointment letter for the deputy chairman of the board of directors with Shannon’s name on it and crumpled it in anger. “Shannon is an actress who relies on men to get her position. What leadership skills does she have? What outstanding contributions does she have? Why should she be the deputy chairman?! If she can be the deputy chairman, then I can walk on water!” 
“Gregory assigned her to work on the Baxim project to pave the way for her to join the board of directors.” Justin’s eyes were gloomy as he raised his hand to take a sip of coffee. 
There was a tightness in his chest that made it difficult for him to swallow. 
“Does the chairman not trust you?” 
Ian was infuriated. “Everyone knows about your eldest brother’s physical health. How can he inherit the family business even if he has to rely on a caregiver? It’s useless, no matter how much the 
chairman loves him. You’re also his biological son, so why is he hindering you at every step? He supports Shannon just so he can check on you. How can a father be so calculating with his son?!” 
“That’s enough, Ian.” 
Justin lowered his eyelids and frowned. “I know you’re feeling sorry for me, but don’t talk about this when you leave this room.” 
“Mr. Salvador, what should we do now?” Ian pursed his lips in frustration. 
“There are some things that I don’t plan on revealing so quickly. But since Gregory wants to do this, I
have no choice but to retaliate.” 
At this time, his phone vibrated. Justin turned around and saw Ryan on the caller ID. 
Justin was in a bad mood and did not want to answer the call, but the vibrating phone annoyed him 
even more. Thus, Justin picked up the phone. 
“What?” 
“Justin… I’m heartbroken… Can you stay with me tonight?” Ryan’s voice was soft and weak. 
“Get lost.” 
Justin uttered it coldly. Just as he was about to hang up, Ryan shouted anxiously, “Bella dumped me! She’s serious this time. She even put a knife on my neck! It’s over… My love… My heart… She’s completely gone…” 
Justin heard this and smiled slightly. 
“Serves you right!”
###chapter233
In order to promote the Baxim project, Gregory invited the mayor and his wife to play golf at the western suburbs golf course. 
The golf course was a venue for expensive entertainment, so it only had a few customers on a normal day. Today, it seemed like it was closed off for a private event because only the Salvadors and the Solloways were there. 
Shannon was a bad golfer. Although she was not skilled, she was well-equipped. She looked good in a pure white golf suit and light makeup, Standing next to Bethany, Shannon looked like Bethany’s 
sister instead of her mother. 
The reason they brought Bethany there was to introduce Bethany to the mayor and his wife. 
After all, Bethany was already 25 years old and of marriageable age. Thus, Shannon did not let go of 
any opportunity to promote Bethany. Even if she knew that her daughter was hung up on Ryan Hoffman, Shannon would not allow Bethany to forgo the entire ocean because of one fish. 
“Hello, Mayor Solloway and Mrs. Solloway.” Bethany bowed gracefully and showed a gentle smile. 
“Oh, this must be your daughter, right? She looks even more beautiful in person than on TV!” Mrs. Solloway looked at Bethany with a smile. 
Shannon and Bethany’s expressions instantly stiffened. 
Mrs. Solloway did not mean anything by it, but the Salvadors felt that this was a reference to 
Bethany’s public apology at a press conference last time.
Although the “apology scandal” had lost traction, there were still some memes of Bethany embarrassing herself on the internet with all kinds of sarcastic comments. Bethany felt humiliated. 
The mayor coughed hurriedly and shot a glance at his wife. 
Only then did Mrs. Solloway react and say with a wry smile, “Haha… Mrs. Salvador, your daughter is beautiful. In my opinion, it’s not an exaggeration to call her the best-looking girl among the elite families in Savrow.” 
“Thank you very much, Mrs. Solloway.” 
Shannon hugged Bethany and said, “Why didn’t your son come today? I heard that your son is a young talent. He and Bethany are schoolmates.” 
“Oh, my son has to attend to some official business today,” Mrs. Solloway replied. 
“Oh, that’s such a pity. I will make arrangements for our families to meet again then.” Shannon was very considerate. 
“Haha… Sure, when the time comes…” 
Mrs. Solloway was being perfunctory. She suddenly asked, “By the way, I heard that you have a 
younger daughter. Why didn’t she come with you?” 
The fake smile on Bethany’s face was about to collapse because this implied that Mrs. Solloway did not like her. 
Bethany thought, ‘So what if she doesn’t like me? I don’t care about the mayor’s son! But she’s bringing that little bitch to slap me in the face!’
Shannon said politely, “My youngest daughter is frail and sick. She usually stays at home on medication. She’s also an introvert who doesn’t like socializing, so she didn’t come with us.” 
“Oh, my! What illness did she get at such a young age? Is she alright?” 
“She’s fine as long as she’s on medication.” 
Shannon knew what Mrs. Solloway was thinking. Mrs. Solloway did not like Bethany, but she still wanted a marriage alliance with the Salvador family, so she set her sights on Carrie. 
Shannon thought, ‘What the hell! Are my daughters vegetables from the market that you can pick and choose as you please?!’ 
Gregory and Justin had already played a few games with the mayor. The three of them were chatting and taking a leisurely walk on the turf. 
“Mayor Solloway, our company is able to win the Baxim project thanks to your strong support.” Gregory smiled and shook hands with the mayor. 
“Oh, what are you talking about? This is not the first time that we have cooperated. I have a good project on my hands, so of course, I’ll think about you.” The mayor was very friendly with Gregory because they had known each other for more than ten years. 
“I’ll make the arrangements tonight. We ought to have a drink to celebrate!” 
“It’s my father-in-law’s birthday tonight. So I have to attend no matter what.” 
The mayor smiled and said, “There’s no rush to celebrate until we officially sign the contract on Friday. We’ll get properly drunk then!”
Justin listened to the two chatting and laughing with an expressionless face. However, he felt like a huge stone was pressing on his chest, making it hard to breathe. 
He had until Friday to secure the project. 
Justin had to act fast before the deal was signed. 
Even if he exposed what Shannon did, Gregory would dismiss it and cover it up to keep his family’s scandal from the public eye. 
Thus, Justin had to make a fuss that was too big to cover up to kick Shannon out of the company. At this moment, a golf cart came to a stop in front of them.
###chapter234
“Hello, Mayor Solloway and Chairman Salvador!” 
A clear and sweet voice that sounded like a wind chime floated into Justin’s ears. 
Justin suddenly opened his eyes and saw Bella sitting in the golf cart. 
His heartstrings trembled, and his blood surged. 
Even though this woman had just humiliated him yesterday, he did not seem to care about it, as if he had lost his memory of what happened. 
Everyone was stunned. Bethany could not hold back and shouted, “How did you get in here?!” 
“I’m a VIP here, so I came in through the main entrance.” Bella glanced sideways at Bethany and spoke calmly. 
Bethany’s eyes were on fire. Her cheeks felt a burning pain. 
After Bella beat Bethany up that day, Bethany became traumatized by slippers. 
Shannon was surprised to see Bella. 
On the other hand, Mrs. Solloway’s eyes widened when she saw this beautiful young lady. ‘Where did this highborn girl come from? She’s so gorgeous! She’s exactly my ideal future daughter-in-law!’ 
Steven got out of the golf cart first and helped Bella off. 
Bella was wearing a light blue golf suit and a white sun hat, which made her look cuter. Her beautiful slender legs were exposed under her short, flowy skirt. She looked bright and youthful.
Unexpectedly, Justin was wearing a polo shirt of the same color, which made it seem like they were wearing matching outfits. 
Justin’s charming eyes narrowed slightly. That burning desire arose in his heart again. 
Bella was indeed impeccably beautiful. 
“What a coincidence to see you here, Ms. Thompson.” Gregory was also surprised by Bella’s presence, but he still greeted her with a smile. 
“It’s not a coincidence, Chairman Salvador.” 
Bella put her hands behind her back and narrowed her beautiful eyes. “I came here specifically to see Mayor Solloway.” 
“What?” Gregory suddenly frowned. 
Justin’s heart clenched. His stern and strong features were covered in a layer of frost. 
After several encounters, Justin finally understood Bella’s style of doing things. It was most 
appropriate to describe her as cunning and shrewd. 
Bella would not make an appearance for no reason. Something big was bound to happen when she did. 
Justin thought, ‘Could it be…?!’ 
“Mayor Solloway, I heard that you’re in charge of the development of the new Baxim area and that you’re now looking for a suitable developer to cooperate with you.”
Bella smiled. Her beautiful eyes shone with confidence, as if she were bound to win. “I am very interested in this project, so I hope to cooperate with you to build Baxim into a developed township.” 
Everyone was shocked. 
Gregory and Shannon did not know how to react for a while. 
Mayor Solloway also looked confused. He turned to look at Gregory and Justin blankly. 
Justin stared at Bella for a moment. His tongue felt dry and bitter, as if he had swallowed a fireball. 
However, Bella did not bother to glance in his direction. 
“Miss, you are…?” Mayor Solloway was confused. 
Bella smiled slightly and stretched out her fair and slender hand. “Hello, Mayor Solloway. My name is Bella Thompson.” 
Mayor Solloway had a somewhat contemptuous expression when he heard this unfamiliar name. However, Bella added, “My father is Wyatt Thompson, the Chairman of KS Group from Hatchbay.”
###chapter235
These few words were like lightning that struck Mayor Solloway and his wife. 
‘She is the richest man in Hatchbay, Wyatt Thompson’s daughter?’ 
“Are you really Chairman Thompson’s daughter?!” Mayor Solloway was surprised and kept looking 
at Bella. 
Steven coughed lightly and thought, ‘Wow, most people show off their wealth with jewelry, but Ms. Bella uses her father.’ 
“Yes. You can ask the Salvadors to confirm this.” 
Bella smiled brighter. “I’ve had some dealings with Salvador Corporation, so they can verify my identity.” 
Justin’s eyes darkened as he stared at her. 
Bella did not even want to mention that they were “familiar ” with each other, as if they were mere business rivals. 
“Chairman Salvador, Justin, you’re acquainted with Ms. Thompson?” 
Mayor Solloway dabbled in politics, so when he heard that Bella was Wyatt Thompson’s daughter, his tone became more earnest. “I’m sorry that I didn’t recognize you. 
Then he immediately shook hands with Bella.
“Mayor Solloway, am I qualified to discuss this project with you in my current capacity?” Bella still had a smile on her face, but she had an oppressive gaze. 
Mayor Solloway was stunned. 
He felt that, although Bella was young, she was just as powerful as Wyatt. Thus, he dared not look down on her. 
Justin took a deep breath and secretly clenched his fists. “This woman is now taking advantage of the fact that she is Wyatt Thompson’s daughter so that she can act recklessly, huh? Does she think that business is child’s play and she can just step in anytime she pleases?’ 
“Ms. Thompson, we are very happy to see you here. But Mayor Solloway and I have to talk about something important today. This information is not something an outsider like you is privy to. You can’t participate in it either, so will you please give us some privacy?” Gregory maintained a kind smile on his face, but his eyes were cold and hostile. 
Bethany was furious. She wanted to step forward, but Shannon grabbed her. 
Shannon thought, ‘Bella is overestimating herself. My husband will get rid of her without needing me to step in.’ 
“Mr. Salvador, I know that you want to talk about business. If it weren’t for the Baxim project, I wouldn’t be here either.” 
Bella raised her eyebrows without changing her expression. “Also, why can’t I participate? In terms of resources and financial strength, KS Group is not at all inferior to Salvador Corporation. We can handle any projects that you can, too. It’s always better to have more choices. Don’t you think that Mayor Solloway deserves to have another option?”
Mayor Solloway was startled. “This girl came prepared!’ 
Gregory and Shannon looked gloomy at the moment. 
“Ms. Thompson.” 
Justin, who had been silent all this time, took two steps forward and towered over Bella. “Salvador Corporation has already reached a consensus with Mayor Solloway. We have discussed all aspects of the project and met the standards for Baxim’s development. Don’t you think you’re violating the rules of the business and causing unnecessary trouble if you step in to steal our project at this time?” 
Bella raised her beautiful face and blinked her bright eyes with a smile. “Steal your project? You’re right. That is exactly what I’m doing.” 
“Bella!” Justin’s pupils shrank, and his teeth clenched. 
“But I don’t think that I’m violating the rules or causing unnecessary trouble.” 
Bella took a step back, away from the shadow he cast over her, and distanced herself from him. “The rules are always made by the winners. If you have already signed the contract, then I am indeed making unnecessary trouble. But right now, you haven’t signed a contract with Mayor Solloway, so who makes the rules this time is still up in the air.” 
Justin narrowed his eyes. He was rendered speechless. 
Bella was right. Before signing the contract, everything was subject to change. Over the years, Justin believed in this unspoken rule and had destroyed countless opponents in the market without fail. 
However, he never imagined that he would be the one encountering such a hurdle this time. 
His opponent was also his ex-wife.
“Ms. Thompson, I don’t think Mayor Solloway will cooperate with 
you.” 
Shannon could not stand Bella’s arrogant attitude and said with a smile, “Mayor Solloway and our family have been friends for many years. We have always maintained a good cooperative relationship as well, so this isn’t something that can be easily overridden by most people.”
###chapter236
Shannon said, “Ms. Thompson, you said you wanted to discuss a collaboration, but you just rushed over alone without an appointment. You disregarded formalities just to meet Mayor Solloway. This is too much. It’s insincere and rude.” 
“That’s right!” Bethany muttered. 
“Oh, I know I came unannounced, but I can’t help it. I’m afraid if I come any later, it’ll be a step too late for Mayor Solloway, and he may regret his decision.” Bella let out a long, helpless sigh. 
“Regret? What do you mean by that?” Shannon asked sternly. 
Bella ignored her completely and only spoke to the mayor. “Mayor Solloway, are you really not considering collaborating with KS Group? Is it because I am a woman and, therefore, you think I have no power or status within the corporation? My visit today is at the behest of my older brother, Asher, who is the CEO of KS Group. He has left this matter of importance entirely to me. If you don’t believe it, I can immediately arrange for him to meet with you.” 
“Ms. Thompson, it’s not that I don’t believe you. It’s just that Gregory and I have known each other for a long time. We have worked together many times before, so it’s easy to trust Salvador Corporation. Besides, this project is in Savrow, and Salvador Corporation is a well- known conglomerate here, so…” Mayor Solloway tried to reject Bella politely. “We will cooperate another time.” 
At this moment, a look of pride appeared on Gregory and Shannon’s faces. 
It was laughable that this immature and inexperienced girl brazenly came over to discuss collaboration and tried to snatch Salvador Corporation’s project.
“Alright… I know having a pre-established relationship puts you in an awkward position. I dare not speak of other things, but if I may add, by cooperating with KS Group, one thing is for sure.” 
Bella smiled deviously and added, “You won’t regret it.” 
Suddenly, Justin felt his heart tremble. 
This expression, this tone, this look-Justin knew that she was going to cause trouble! 
“Ms. Thompson, what do you mean by this? Why does it sound like you are insinuating that it’s trouble or bad luck to cooperate with Salvador Corporation?” Shannon scowled. 
“Steven, what time is it?” Bella asked confusedly. 
“Miss, it’s 3:00 p.m.,” Steven replied. 
“Well, take out your phone. Please show Mayor Solloway the three o’clock news.” 
“Yes, Miss.” 
Steven took out his mobile and played the broadcast aloud. 
“Welcome to the ‘Three O’clock News’. In today’s headline, Zephyr Quarry, deputy general manager of Salvador Corporation, was prosecuted by the Public Prosecutor’s Office of Savrow at 1:00 pm today on suspicion of bribery. The reason he was taken away was that he was 
involved in W Group’s IT equipment bidding and illegal bidding operations for Salvador Corporation’s projects, thereby seeking improper benefits. It is understood that Zephyr Quarry is the cousin of Shannon Quarry, wife of the Salvador Corporation’s chairman. Zephyr Quarry has cooperated with Shannon Quarry on many projects before. The prosecutors are still investigating how many people are
involved in this case. Our news channel will continue to pay close attention to further developments of this case… 
Gregory’s face turned pale with shock while Shannon staggered in her steps. Her eyes turned 
dark. 
“Mom! What the hell is going on?! Why is your cousin suddenly arrested?!” Bethany spoke in a panic. 
Justin stared at Bella’s leisurely face and raised his eyebrows. 
Shannon’s cousin was taken away two hours ago, but the news has not leaked until now. 
Come to think of it, Bella’s second brother, Axel the prosecutor, must have contributed a lot to keeping this under wraps. 
“Shannon… What’s going on?” Gregory questioned Shannon in a low voice and with a look of shock. 
“I… I don’t know! I really have no idea. Mayor Solloway, Mrs. Solloway, there must be a misunderstanding! This is all fake news! You can’t believe it!” Shannon did not expect this incident to blow up so quickly and was left with no other choice but to resort to crocodile tears and innocent cries to overshadow the incident. 
However, Mayor Solloway’s and his wife’s expressions turned gloomy. 
Mrs. Solloway said sternly, “Mrs. Salvador, is it true that Zephyr is your cousin? The news also said that you were also involved in his previous projects involving bribery. Is that true?” 
“But… I really don’t know anything!” Apart from pretending to be confused, Shannon was at her wit’s end.
Just then, there was a commotion on the golf course. 
A group of men with badges on their chests and suits walked up to them in a hurry. 
They were from the prosecutor’s office. 
“Ms. Shannon, your cousin is suspected of multiple commercial crimes. Please come back with us to assist in the investigation.”
###chapter237
Shannon was flustered. 
From when Zephyr was arrested, to Salvador Corporation’s negative coverage on the news, to when the prosecutors took Shannon away, this series of events left the Salvadors with no time 
to react. 
“Why? Why are you arresting me? What evidence do you have?!” Shannon was so stunned that the noble composure she had worked so hard to maintain suddenly fell apart. 
Even Bethany looked pale and petrified. She could only watch silently as her mother was taken 
away. 
“Greg! Help me! You must save me!” Shannon stretched her neck and shouted at Gregory, tears spilling on the green grass below. 
Gregory was so anxious that his face turned red. He wanted to stop them, but he also did not want to lose his composure as a chairman in public. Thus, he could only displace his anger on Bella. “Ms. Thompson! What is the meaning of this?” 
“Chairman Salvador, what are you yelling at me for? The people who took your wife away are from the prosecutor’s office.” Bella smiled back innocently. 
“How did you know what would be broadcasted on the three o’clock news today? Why did you dare make insinuations from all the nonsense you spoke of earlier? Aren’t you the one who created all this?”
“KS Group is a large conglomerate. We have eyes and ears everywhere. If the media knew about this matter, why wouldn’t my company receive this news? Chairman Salvador, you are thinking too much.” Bella’s eyes flashed with contempt. 
Gregory became so angry that his eyelids twitched. “Ms. Thompson, just because your marriage to Justin ended in a divorce, you don’t have to take revenge on our family. No one is to blame for this! You two just aren’t fated to be together!” 
Mayor Solloway and his wife looked dumbfounded. 
The Thompsons and the Salvadors actually had a marriage alliance? When did this happen? This seemed unbelievable. 
“Because you are still harboring resentment from the divorce, you took your anger out on Salvador Corporation and plotted against them. Don’t you think you are being petty and unscrupulous?” 
These words were really unpleasant to hear. Even Steven felt a stab in his chest. 
Just as Steven was about to defend Bella, Justin took a step forward. 
Justin stood tall in front of Bella and confronted his father with a cold glare. 
“Chairman Salvador, I know you’re really angry right now, but you can’t just blame all this on Ms. Thompson without any evidence.” 
“Justin! You are actually defending her?” 
Gregory’s anger rose. His eyes were bloodshot. “You are both divorced now. Not only is she 
irresponsible and shameful, she has now betrayed our family. Why are you protecting such a woman?”
Justin frowned slightly. He then turned around to look at Bella. There was depth in his gaze, but it was hard to read his emotion. 
Bella’s eyes met his deep gaze. Then she turned away in disgust and curled her lips into a sneer. 
Sure enough, this refined and self-serving man always sided with his family. 
After all, Gregory’s blood was flowing through Justin’s body. He was no different from his father. They were both idiots who were deceived by women. 
“I believe she didn’t do this.” Justin looked at her as he said it. 
Bella was stunned and slowly turned to look at him. At this moment, he turned back and said, Even if we are divorced, I will stand by her side as long as she is wrongly accused.” 
Justin smiled and added sternly, “Even if we hadn’t gotten divorced, it wouldn’t be your place to teach my wife a lesson.” 
Bella rolled her eyes. She pursed her red lips and plugged her ears. 
What nonsense! No one should even be listening to this. 
Gregory was furious. His head buzzed, and his blood pressure rose. 
If there were no outsiders present, he would have definitely rushed up and slapped his traitorous son in the face. 
Seeing Justin and Gregory quarreling like this, Bella felt an inexplicable warmth within her, so she did not bother to continue arguing with Gregory. 
Anyway, she had achieved her goal. There was only one thing left.
“I reckon you will both be very busy today, so I won’t bother you any longer and will take my leave.” 
Bella and Steven turned around and walked toward the golf cart. 
“Ms. Thompson! Ms. Thompson! Please wait for a moment!” 
(( 
Mayor Solloway wiped his sweat and hurriedly caught up to her. “I think we should have an in- depth discussion about Baxim!” 
“I think we should have a chat too.” 
Bella smiled slightly, but her attitude was obviously that of someone with the upper hand. “I will arrange to meet with you in the next two days. Please wait for the arrangements.” 
“I will most certainly wait for you. You’re welcome anytime!” Mayor Solloway was so enthusiastic that he almost seemed like a completely different person. 
“Ms. Thompson, if you don’t mind, can I bring my son with me? It would be an honor if my son could meet someone like you.” Mrs. Solloway was all smiles as she tried to get to know Bella. 
Who wouldn’t want to be acquainted with the daughter of the richest man in Hatchbay? 
Justin suddenly felt suffocated. His expression turned as dark as a total solar eclipse. 
He thought, ‘This woman should be hidden away somewhere and be well taken care of. As soon as she is out in public, she attracts too much unnecessary attention because of her beauty!’
###chapter238
“Mrs. Solloway, I appreciate your kindness.”
Bella smiled and said, “But I am a divorcee, my current status is a little awkward. Besides, I have no plans to be married for a while, so I’d better not string along your son.”
“What are you talking about? What’s wrong with a divorcee? Even if you’re divorced, you are still a thousand times better than other young ladies out there who only have a superficial appearance!”
After hearing this, Bethany’s cheeks flushed. She gritted her teeth angrily and resented Bella. Bella was like the bright sun in the sky. With her presence, everything else was overshadowed.
The golf cart left, and Bella managed to escape successfully whilst leaving a huge mess for the Salvadors to clean.
“Chairman Salvador, I think it’s better to forget about the cooperation on the Baxim project this time. We will cooperate with you on future projects if there is a suitable one.”
Mayor Solloway and his wife left in a hurry.
If something went wrong with any of the projects he was overseeing, he would be in serious trouble.
Just as Gregory was in a state of shock, he discovered that Justin had disappeared entirely too.
Bella changed out of her youthful and beautiful golf attire in the locker room and turned back into a noble and glamorous young lady. She flipped her black hair and strutted out of the locker room with her high heels.
As soon as she turned the corner, she ran into a towering figure that sent chills up her spine.
Bella felt her heart flutter slightly as she calmly looked up to meet Justin’s cold gaze, without showing any fear.
“Mr. Salvador, when did you get into the habit of squatting around women’s locker rooms?”
“Bella, I will not give you the Baxim project.”
Justin felt a lump in his throat as he stared at her soft and alluring lips, which aroused a secret desire in his heart. “This project belongs to the Salvador family. I won’t let you interfere with it.”
“Well, but what can you do? Salvador Corporation’s negative reputation is the talk of the town. Because of the Quarrys’ case, the prosecutor will definitely start investigating Salvador Corporation. You can’t sign a contract during the investigation, right? Even if you want to keep this project, there is nothing you can do about it.” Bella smiled contemptuously.
“Bella, you keep saying that we have nothing to do with each other after the divorce, but what are you doing now?”
Justin suddenly turned around and put his long arms on the wall, directly trapping Bella under his heaving chest. “Are you only satisfied and happy if you keep fighting me? Do you just want
to defeat me? Is this how you want to vent your grievances?”
“Oh, so that’s what you think too.”
Bella’s red lips curled up, and the cold light from her eyes made his heart flutter. “Since you think so, why did you pretend to be a good person and defend me earlier? Don’t you know that this sanctimonious appearance of yours is disgusting?”
‘Disgusting?’ Justin gritted his teeth. He felt the anger swelling inside him, but he could not control it.
In addition to anger, there was also frustration.
No matter what he did, this woman’s razor-sharp words never failed to stab him in the heart. “Bella, don’t force me to retaliate.”
Justin held her gaze and closed in on her charming and beautiful face. “Don’t think for a second that just because we have been married for three years, I will show mercy to you when it comes to business. I will treat you the same as everyone else!”
Bella blinked and did not seem flustered at all. Instead, she was a little excited. “That’s right, Mr. Salvador. If I make a move, you should too. Otherwise, this game of chess will be boring. Oh! By the way, let me tell you a secret.
She tiptoed up to his ear and chuckled.
}}
Justin was filled with resentment and anger, but the moment he heard her chuckle, his cheeks and ears flushed, making it difficult to shake off the heat.
“I submitted the evidence of Zephyr’s crime to the prosecutor. I also released the information to the media. To be honest, you should actually thank me. This way, your arrogant stepmother’s attempt to join the board of directors will be in vain.”
Justin’s mind was spinning. He felt like his heart had been stabbed by a dull knife.
“Business is like a battlefield, Mr. Salvador. If you don’t put your best foot forward, you will lose miserably. To show you the same respect, the next time I take action, I assure you, it will definitely be even more ruthless than this time.”
As soon as Bella stopped speaking, she also stopped smiling. She pushed him away and turned to walk away victoriously, leaving behind a dumbfounded Justin.
Justin stood there as his eyes turned red.
He felt suffocated.
###chapter239
In just a few hours, negative news about the Salvador Corporation spread rapidly, quickly occupying the top spot in the trending news. 
Shannon’s humiliating arrest from the golf course was also posted online, and it spread like wildfire. 
A large conglomerate like the Salvador Corporation could put pressure on the media and completely suppress the news. 
However, Bella took action first. By the time the Salvadors reacted, it was already too late. 
Even if they put pressure on the media, it would be useless. 
The major shareholder behind the “Three O’Clock News Channel” was KS Group. Thus, they could broadcast the news of Shannon’s arrest 24 hours a day, as long as Bella wanted them to. Some talented netizens made some memes of Shannon and Bethany’s embarrassing moments and posted them online for everyone to download. Their actions were edited and merged into a zumba dance. 
To calm public opinion, Gregory was busy trying to bail Shannon out. 
Bella won the first battle and returned to the KS World Hotel happily. 
She had a luxurious afternoon tea and sat in the office playing games while video-calling Asher to report on her achievements that day. 
“I have already booked a VIP room in our hotel’s restaurant. Let’s meet with Mayor Solloway the day after tomorrow and aim to nail down the Baxim project within this week!” 
Bella was in great spirits, enjoying her time slashing people in the game.
“Axel is interrogating Shannon. Although your second brother is usually a jokester, he’s quite serious when it comes to work. He won’t let Shannon go without getting some valuable clues from her.” 
In the video call, Asher was sitting in the CEO’s office. He was wearing a suit and leather shoes, looking meticulous. Although he had a warm smile, he looked naturally intimidating. 
“Actually, it’s useless. Shannon will still be released in the end.” Bella was confident. 
“Do you want her to be released?” Asher’s tone was doubtful. 
“So what if I don’t want to? We may not be able to prove her crimes.” 
Bella narrowed her cunning eyes. Her character in the game raised a bloody chainsaw and slashed a zombie. “Shannon has come to this point not only because Gregory favors her but also because of her smarts and cunning. She and her cousin, Zephyr, colluded to fill their own pockets. Zephyr was her scapegoat, while she hid in the dark and gave orders, reaping the benefits without getting her hands dirty. She’s really good at planning.” 
Asher nodded thoughtfully. “What you said makes sense. What a pity.” 
“It’s not a pity.” 
Bella curled her red lips and smiled beautifully. “It doesn’t matter as long as we make a profit. 
Besides, I never planned to beat Shannon to death with one move. What I want is for her to lose her position as the deputy chairman of the board of directors and lose Gregory’s trust. I want Gregory to think that Salvador Corporation lost this project because of Shannon, causing them to suffer huge losses.” 
This would become a thorn between Shannon and Gregory.
Defeating the enemy was pleasurable. Since Bella could not defeat Shannon with one blow, she wanted to make Shannon feel despair. 
In the future, Shannon would probably be as bored sitting in the office as she would be in jail. 
“Bella, do you know what I want to do most right now?” Asher leaned forward and asked with 
a smile. 
“Huh? What?” 
“I want to retire immediately to make room for you.” 
Asher sighed and clapped his hands. “There is really no one more suitable to be the CEO of KS Group than you.” 
At the mention of this, Bella pulled a long face. 
The list of blind dates was like a mountain weighing on her head. She felt that even if she died, Wyatt would bury this list with her. 
At this time, Bella received a call from Amelia. 
Bella picked up the phone and said with joy, “Ash, let’s talk later. Amelia is calling me.” 
“Okay, since Amelia has returned to Savrow, you can meet her more often and take care of her.” Asher gently reminded Bella. 
“Yes, I know. She’s the baby of the family, so who else can I give my love to?”
In fact, Bella felt a little guilty about Amelia. Logically speaking, as the youngest child, Amelia should be cared for and loved more than Bella was at home. 
However, the fact was that Bella’s charisma had made her Wyatt’s favorite child since the day she was born. She was also the apple of his eye, and everyone pampered her. 
Bella took away too much of the love that should have belonged to Amelia. Although she did. not mean to do it, she still felt sorry for Amelia. 
Thus, Bella always wanted to compensate Amelia by caring about her as much as possible.
###chapter240
Amelia would only share good news and keep her troubles to herself. Thus, Bella did not know how she could help her. 
“Amelia, are you back in Savrow?” Bella asked with a smile. 
“Yes, I’m already at school.” 
Amelia paused and asked shyly, “Um… Bella, are you busy today? Do you have plans tonight?” 
“Do you want to hang out with me?” Bella saw through her mind. 
“Yeah!” 
Amelia said, “We haven’t spent much time together since you returned home. If you’re free tonight, can I treat you to a meal?” 
“Just a meal? Don’t you want to go for a drink?” Bella raised her eyebrows. 
“In that case, let’s go for karaoke! We haven’t sung a duet in such a long time. I wonder if you can still sing,” Amelia said in a teasing tone. 
“Hahaha! I’m a natural-born singer! Even Mariah Carey can’t compare to me!” Bella cleared her throat and continued, “It looks like I’ll just have to show you my skills!” 
A high-level meeting in the Salvador Corporation ended. Gregory issued three important orders. 
The first one was to eliminate the negative impact that the Quarries had on the company as soon as possible, control public opinion, restore the company’s image, and prevent the stocks from plummeting.
The second order was to remove Zephyr Quarry from all duties within the company. All personnel related to him must be thoroughly investigated and vetted. 
The third order was to put Shannon’s appointment as the deputy chairman of the board of directors on hold for the time being. Further arrangements would be made after the case was fully investigated. 
After the meeting, all the senior executives left the meeting room with sighs, feeling pressured. 
“Justin, stay back. I have something to tell you.” Gregory stopped Justin with a solemn look. 
Justin, who had already reached the door, turned around with an expressionless face and sat down gracefully. 
The father and son each sat at each end of the conference table. The air around them seemed cold. 
“As the president of the company, how do you plan to handle this matter?” Gregory cleared his throat and asked sternly. 
“By the book” 
Justin lowered his eyelids and showed no emotion. His thin lips parted slightly. “Aunt Shannon is being investigated now, so she can only confess to everything she knows and cooperate with the investigation. There is no other way to solve this.” 
“I will find a way to deal with Shannon’s predicament.” Gregory’s chest was tight and stuffy. He felt his throat burning, and his voice became hoarse. 
“Do you think you can help her?” 
Justin’s face was dark and still, and his eyes were bottomless. “I have already found out that the prosecutor who is handling Zephyr’s case is Axel Thompson.”
“Axel Thompson?” 
“Wyatt Thompson’s second son and Bella’s second brother.” 
Gregory gasped. His eyes trembled. 
“From the very beginning, Bella has planned every step forward. But this is also because the Quarrys gave her this opportunity. Now that things have come to this point, I think that as the chairman of Salvador Corporation, you should look at the bigger picture. The more pressing matter is to think about how to deal with the plummeting stocks when the market opens tomorrow morning.” 
Justin did not want to talk about Shannon anymore. He moved his body slightly, indicating that he wanted to end the conversation. 
“Wait!” 
Gregory leaned forward. His eyes were blazing. “I remember that you had close contact with Dr. Faraday from Inalia. If we can hire Dr. Faraday as the technical consultant for Salvador Biotech at this time and get his patent, it will be a huge gain for us. That will save our stocks! Contact Faraday immediately and try to bring him to Savrow within this week to discuss cooperation in detail.” 
Justin frowned and said lightly, “Okay.” 
Gregory breathed a sigh of relief. At least Justin was not entirely useless. 
“But I have a condition.” 
“What?” 
“I want to be Salvador Corporation’s deputy chairman.” Justin narrowed his starry eyes and smiled faintly.
###chapter241
“Justin! You’re taking advantage of the situation!” Gregory looked shocked as he slammed the table and stood up. 
“We have to settle the score, Dad. Isn’t this what you taught me since I was a child?” Justin looked calm and leaned back in his chair slowly. 
“You are so greedy! You already have a fair share. I even let you become president, which should have belonged to your eldest brother. Yet here you are asking to be the deputy chairman of the board! Why don’t you just ask me to step down as chairman?!” Gregory scolded angrily. 
Justin curled his thin lips into a faint sneer. His dark eyes were unreadable. “Think about it carefully. Do I get more from you, or do you get more from me? Since I was a child, you have put a price on everything that I got. You clearly know why I am the president of Salvador Corporation, so why do you paint me as a ruthless invader? We’re alone here. Don’t you feel tired from acting?” 
Gregory’s face turned red. He was rendered speechless. 
“The position of deputy chairman in exchange for Salvador Corporation surviving a serious business crisis smoothly. You can decide what’s best.” Justin stood up and walked to the door. 
Suddenly, Justin stopped and added, “Of course, you can also continue to support Shannon against all ions. That is, if you don’t feel embarrassed.” 
Justin clenched his fists and went back to the office, slamming his door shut. 
He felt relieved of a burden. He took a deep breath, stretched out his hand, and tugged at his restraining Windsor knot.
It had been a long time since Justin felt this happy. 
When Justin saw how Gregory worked hard and racked his brains for Shannon yet was still unable to do anything about the situation, Justin just felt so rejuvenated and thrilled. 
However, Justin had to admit that he could only achieve the current results with Bella’s help. 
Originally, Justin only wanted to stop Shannon from becoming the deputy chairman of the board. He did not expect to make such a big fuss because it would affect Salvador Corporation’s stock price and affect everyone. Thus, he could not take the risk. 
However, Bella had always liked to use earth-shattering means. She probably did not expect that such a move would have the miraculous effect of not only suppressing Shannon, but also giving Justin the opportunity to bargain with Gregory. Thus completely eliminating Shannon’s idea of checking on Justin in the 
Justin should have thanked Bella. 
company. 
However, when Justin thought of Bella’s harsh words that hurt his self-esteem and her cold and heartless attitude, his eyes darkened. 
“Thank her? Why should I? That woman’s original intention was to snatch my project. Since she succeeded in stealing my project, consider us even now.’ 
At this time, his phone vibrated. 
Justin took it out, looked at it, frowned slightly, and answered, “What do 
“Justin, come and hang out with me tonight…”
you want?” 
Ryan’s voice was hoarse and weak. He sounded like a resentful wife who had been abandoned.” I have purchased three global limited-edition sports cars, found four female celebrities to drink with me at the bar, and opened expensive bottles of champagne to drink until dawn. But my mind is so chaotic right now. Why can’t I relieve this tightness in my chest? Is this what it feels like to be heartbroken? It hurts so much!” 
“It may not be a broken heart, but it could be angina. I suggest you go to the hospital and get it checked out. Stop bothering me.” 
Justin was frustrated. Just as he was about to hang up, Ryan said anxiously, “Why don’t we celebrate your stepmother’s arrest with a drink then?” 
Justin pursed his lower lip and said, “Fine. Give me a time and place.” 
At 6:00 p.m., a Rolls-Royce parked at the back door of the Savrow Film Academy. Even though it was low-key enough, it still attracted the attention of many students.
###chapter242
“Miss, I heard that there is a cafe in Savrow Film Academy that makes really good coffee. Let me buy you and Ms. Amelia a cup of coffee.” Steven suggested with a smile. 
“Okay, you can go and pick Amelia up on the way.” 
Bella kept her eyes on the proposal in her hand. “I called her just now, but she didn’t answer. Why don’t you go in and call her again later? She doesn’t know that we are waiting for her at the back door.” 
“Okay.” 
Steven got out of the car and walked into the school gate. 
As soon as his tall and handsome figure in a neat suit appeared on the school campus, he attracted the excited and eager eyes of many students around him. 
Steven walked into the cafe and ordered two cups of coffee. The waitress was focused on him the whole time.. 
At this moment, two female students who were fashionably dressed and wearing big brands walked in. 
“Hey, have you heard that Amelia Thompson is the female lead for the acting department’s graduation stage play?” 
Hearing Amelia’s name, Steven narrowed his 
Steven narrowed his eyes and listened attentively. 
“Hmph! It’s her again? Amelia must have gotten the role by going through the back door and doing something disgraceful with the professor.”
“Yeah, I think so too. I just saw her in the garden chatting with one of the popular boys in school. Tsk tsk! She’s such a slut!” 
Suddenly, the two gossiping women screamed like chickens, scaring the waitress so much that the color drained from her face. 
Without saying a word, Steven splashed the coffee he was holding at them. 
“Are you crazy?! Why did you splash us?!” The girls’ makeup was smeared, and half of their false eyelashes fell off. 
“According to Article 246 of the Criminal Law, the intentional fabrication and dissemination of fictitious facts that are enough to demean the character and damage the reputation of others is punishable by law with imprisonment of not more than three years. 
Steven’s eyes were gloomy as he said in a low voice, “You should be glad that I don’t hit women. Otherwise, you wouldn’t be able to walk out of here in one piece.” 
One of the girls was trembling with fear, but the other girl argued angrily. “Are you Amelia’s boyfriend? Hmph! Instead of venting your anger on us, why don’t you go and see the situation yourself?! We only said that because we saw what happened!” 
The garden was at the back of the teaching building. 
Amelia was stopped by one of the popular boys in school, Ethan Zaffino. 
“Ethan, I have told you many times that I don’t like you, so I won’t accept your pursuit.” 
Amelia looked at the man in front of her coldly and said, “I have an appointment with someone, so I need to get going.”
“Amelia, do you think I’m not serious about pursuing you?” 
Ethan raised his eyebrows. Regardless of Amelia’s rejection, Ethan took out a red box from his bag and opened it in front of her. 
Inside was a diamond-encrusted Cartier women’s watch. 
“This is a gift I specially picked for you. Keep it. As long as you are my girlfriend, I can satisfy you with sports cars, Hermès bags, or villas…” 
As he spoke, he smiled devilishly and licked his lips. “I can satisfy your material needs as well as some other needs that you may have.” 
Although Amelia was innocent, she heard the double entendre. Her whole body shook with anger. Then she raised her hand and knocked over the box. 
Amelia did not even take a look at that expensive watch before it dropped into the mud. 
Ethan was a pampered child who had never been rejected before. Thus, he had never been humiliated like that. 
The veins in his neck bulged as he grabbed her wrist. “Amelia! How dare you ruin the things I gave you? Do you think you’re so noble? Why are you playing hard to get with me?” 
“Let go of me, Ethan!” Amelia was flustered as she tried to struggle free. 
“Haha… I know you’re playing hard-to-get, right? I’ve seen too many women like you who are from poor families wanting to move up the social ladder by using their good looks.” 
Ethan’s other hand was already restlessly touching her waist as he smiled greedily. “You don’t want to have a bleak future before graduation, right? As long as you are my girlfriend, you will get to pick and
choose any resources you want when you enter the entertainment industry.”
###chapter243
Ethan said, ‘Isn’t this what you want? Being a prude doesn’t suit you at all.” 
As he said that, he suddenly pinned Amelia’s slender body against the tree trunk and tried to kiss her. 
“No! Stop!” 
Amelia closed her eyes in horror as tears of humiliation leaked out of her eyes. 
“Ah-!” 
A loud scream pierced through the air. 
Amelia slowly opened her tearful 
eyes. 
Through her blurred vision, she could see a tall and slender figure throwing Ethan over his shoulder with such agility. Ethan fell heavily to the ground with a thud. 
This was not enough for Steven, who grabbed Ethan by the collar again and punched him in the head repeatedly. 
“Stop… Stop fighting!” 
Amelia was afraid that Steven would kill Ethan, so she hurriedly stepped forward and hugged the angry Steven to stop him. 
“How dare you hit me?! Do you know who I am?!” 
Ethan spat out some blood. He was beaten to a pulp, but he still yelled, “My dad is Kane
Zaffino, the chairman of Zaffino Corporation! Why don’t you tell me who you are? I will make my dad avenge 
me!” 
“My name is Steven Lovett, from Hatchbay.” 
Steven’s voice was low and trembling with anger. He took off his suit jacket and wrapped it 
around Amelia’s quivering body. 
She looked like a frightened bird, which made Steven’s heart ache. Thus, he could not help but pull her into his arms. 
Amelia was enveloped by the body warmth of her crush, so her heart pounded with 
excitement. She leaned softly against his chest. 
With Steven’s hug, Amelia felt like everything was better. 
“You bastard, listen clearly. Amelia is not someone you can bully. If you dare touch her again, even your father can’t protect you.” 
Ethan quickly fled the scene. 
Amelia went to the bathroom to tidy up. When she came out, Steven was leaning against the wall, waiting for her with worried eyes. 
“Steven…” 
Steven returned to his senses and smiled gently. “Ms. Amelia.”
He was once again polite and distant with her. 
Amelia lowered her long eyelashes and felt sad. She pursed her lips and walked up to him, returning his suit jacket that was too big for her. “Thank you, Steven. Here you go…’ 
“Ms. Amelia, what happened today is not a trivial matter. I will tell Ms. Bella the truth later and let her decide how to proceed.” Steven looked serious. He clenched his jaw. 
“No! Please, Steven! Please don’t tell my sister!” 
Amelia’s clear eyes were full of panic. She suddenly grabbed his arm and said, “If my sister stands up for me, it’ll just become a big deal, and things will get out of hand! It’ll cause trouble for Bella and worry my parents.” 
“But that scum harassed you! Are you just going to put up with it?!” Steven was furious. His eyes were still slightly red. 
“You’ve taught him a lesson, so he won’t bully me again.” 
Although Amelia was frightened, she was more afraid that her family would worry about her. Thus, she wanted to avoid the trouble. “I’m graduating soon, so I won’t see him again. What else can he do to me? Besides, I’m a Thompson.” 
Steven felt a lump in his throat. Just when he was about to say something, Amelia lowered her eyelashes sadly. Her heart clenched as she said, “Steven, I have my reasons for doing this. Please don’t pursue this further.”
###chapter244
Ryan made an appointment with Justin to meet at a newly opened luxury karaoke bar in 
Savrow. 
In the VVIP private room, Ryan ordered a table full of expensive wine. He held a bottle in his hand and belted out “I Will Always Love You” by Whitney Houston at the top of his lungs, completely butchering the song. 
Justin sat on the dark red velvet sofa, holding the rim of the whiskey glass with one hand. He looked so dignified and aloof, as if he were sitting on a throne. 
The lights flickered on and off. Justin quietly hid himself in the darkness, but he still had such a strong presence that could not be ignored. 
“We both know I’m not what you need- And I- Will always love you- I will always love you 
Justin’s face turned dark. He held the whiskey glass so tightly that he almost crushed it. 
Justin must have such a deep friendship with Ryan to be able to sit there and listen to his off- tune singing that sounded more like a donkey braying. 
Ryan finished the song with a heartbreaking roar, while Justin took a sip of whiskey with a stiff face. 
“Bro… Burp!” 
Ryan burped loudly, walked over, and plopped down next to Justin. He stretched out his long arm to hug Justin’s shoulders. 
“Bro, how’s my singing? Don’t you think I’ve still got it?”
Justin’s eyebrows furrowed as he ducked to the side, allowing Ryan to fall sideways on the sofa. He said, “Yeah, it’s astonishing how one donkey like you somehow manages to bellow with the shocking effect of a hundred donkeys combined.” 
“Fuck you! Why are you so sharp-tongued…?” 
Ryan thought of Bella’s sharp tongue and heartless words, as well as her knife slapping him on the cheek. For a moment, Ryan felt nauseous and sad. “No wonder Bella divorced you. You and your stupid mouth… Being with you will probably make her menopause ten years early… Burp!” 
“Bella?” 
Justin raised his eyebrows and glanced at him coldly. “Aren’t you ‘heartbroken”? You two are probably more like strangers from now on.” 
Ryan choked. ‘Fuck! This man really knows how to stab my heart!’ 
“I admit that your ex-wife is the most special woman I have ever seen in my life. I got off to a bad start and came back defeated. I really can’t have her…” 
Ryan took a sip of wine and slammed the bottle on the table, unconvinced. “But I just don’t understand… What’s so good about you that Bella would rather give up her status as heiress to KS Group and remain anonymous for three years to be your wife in name only? I get that 
you’re handsome, but that doesn’t mean anything. You treated her like trash back then, but she still never left you. In the end, you were the one who kicked her out too…” 
“Ryan, are you done talking?” Justin’s eyes darkened, and he clenched his fist. 
“Of course not!”
Ryan’s eyes were red, filled with anger and grievances. He poured out his emotions under the influence of alcohol. “I don’t understand! I really don’t understand! Maybe you two were in love with each other in your past lives and got reincarnated together in this life? I really don’t get why she can endure such humiliation and shoulder all that burden just for you!” 
Even Justin did not understand this. 
That was why Justin stopped Bella that day at Tideview Manor to ask her the reason she married him. 
This mystery gradually became a lingering worry for Justin. Ever since he learned her true identity on the night of his grandfather’s birthday, he has not slept peacefully. 
Justin felt that his throat was dry. He was in a trance when Ryan suddenly laughed bitterly. Justin, I admit that I’m a ladies’ man and have done some ridiculous things back then. But this time, I’m serious about Bella. I’ve always wondered why couldn’t I have known her sooner?” 
Justin lowered his eyes and remained silent. 
“If I got to know her sooner, I’d definitely tell her to stay away from you. Otherwise, she’d regret it!” 
Justin was speechless. He glared at Ryan and resisted the urge to strangle his best friend. 
When Amelia saw her sister, her bad mood was gone. She insisted on treating Bella to dinner. 
Bella could not convince her otherwise, so she chose a small sushi bar and ordered some of the cheaper dishes on the menu, trying to spend as little as possible. 
Although the food was not great, the two sisters talked happily and drank frequently. Steven turned into a sake-pouring machine beside them and kept refilling their glasses. He did not even get a chance to eat.
However, Steven felt better when he saw how happy the two sisters were. 
After drinking four or five bottles of sake, they were a little tipsy. Thus, the two sisters went to the newly opened karaoke bar to continue drinking. 
Steven wanted to join them, but he received a call from his elder brother as soon as they arrived at the karaoke bar. His mother had a heart condition, so Steven had to go back and visit her. 
“Steve, go back quickly. Don’t worry about us.” Bella urged him understandingly. 
“Yes, Steven. You should go home.” 
Amelia looked at Steven’s worried face and said gently, “You’re probably tired from a long day too, so go back and rest after you visit your mother. Bella and I will just sing a few songs and go home.”
###chapter245
“I’m sorry for not staying longer, Ms. Bella and Ms. Amelia.’ 
Steven sighed guiltily. “Then I’ll head back first. Ms. Bella, if you encounter anything, you must call me as soon as possible. I will rush over immediately!” 
“Okay, okay. You’re such a nag. Go ahead.” 
Bella pushed him gently toward the car. Steven stared at her longingly before he left reluctantly. 
Amelia watched their interaction helplessly. She pursed her soft lips as jealousy filled her heart. 
However, she did not resent her sister because she thought that Bella was the most perfect woman in the world. It was only natural that Steven would like Bella. 
‘A weak, inferior, plain Jane like me doesn’t deserve Steven. But why did Bella’s ex-husband divorce her? Is it because he has some terminal illness and doesn’t want Bella to be widowed?’ 
Bella booked a luxury private room. As soon as the two sisters arrived at the door, they heard earth- shattering howls coming from the opposite room. 
“Ugh… That’s horrifying!” Amelia tightened her grip on her sister’s arm and shrugged her shoulders. 
“If that’s called singing, all donkeys can become singers!” 
Bella quickly pulled Amelia into the private room, far away from the lunatic across the hall. The two of them ordered some beers, a fruit platter, and an assortment of snacks. 
They were quick to set up their song queue.
From oldies to pop songs, the Thompson sisters sang to their hearts’ content. 
Bella sang, danced, and drank. She was in a good mood after winning the Baxim project, so she got a little tipsy. 
“Amelia… I need to pee. You should wait for me here. Don’t wander around!” Bella’s vision was a little blurred, and she began to slur in her speech. 
“Bella, are you drunk? I’ll go with you.” 
Amelia saw that Bella’s fair and supple cheeks were a little flushed, like a ripe peach. Bella’s beautiful eyes were a little dazed and watery. She hurriedly went over to help Bella, but Bella pushed her away. 
“No! I’m older than you, so how could I get drunk? You should be the one getting drunk first. I’ll have to send you back to the dorms too!” Bella hiccupped right after. 
Amelia did not know if she should laugh or cry. What kind of logic was that? 
Bella came out of the bathroom and walked back alone, using the walls as a support. 
At first, her limbs were not functioning properly, but now her head was starting to get a bit 
dizzy. 
The luxurious karaoke was decorated like the Palace of Versailles. It was magnificent, with 
mirrors everywhere. The room numbers were not arranged in order either. Thus, Bella quickly lost her way. 
She was drunk and dazed, so she had been wandering around the maze-like corridors until she felt that she had arrived at her room.
When she opened the door, she bumped head-on into a tall, muscular man. 
“Ow!” 
Bella let out a soft cry. Her head was already dizzy, and she was stumbling on her high heels, so her weak and soft body started to fall backward. 
The man’s eyes flickered as he quickly supported Bella’s back. 
The man could make out the contours of Bella’s slender back with his large palm because Bella was only wearing a thin silk shirt. She was amazingly thin and fit perfectly in his palm. 
The man’s breathing became a little heavier. He pushed his gold-rimmed glasses over his upturned eyes and stared at Bella’s beautiful face as if he were appraising treasure. 
“Miss, you’re drunk.” 
“Um… No!” Bella stared drunkenly at the man’s elegant and restrained face. 
Suddenly, she curled her red lips and raised her hand to take off his gold-rimmed glasses. 
The man’s eyes suddenly became sharp and solemn. 
The last person who accidentally knocked off his glasses had become fish food in the ocean. 
“Hehe… Critter! You’re Critter!” 
The man gasped, and his expression changed dramatically! 
His deep eyes quickly scanned Bella’s rosy face before he asked tentatively in a deep voice, ” 
Bella Thompson…?”
###chapter246
“Hiccup… You are indeed Critter!” Bella’s face was flushed from the effects of alcohol, and she was smiling brightly. 
The man smiled faintly. At this moment, the chill in his eyes disappeared. His left arm was still hooked around her slender waist, and he raised his right hand to push up his glasses. 
He had not heard this nickname in a long time. 
Even his father stopped calling him that. Unexpectedly, Bella was just as wild and unrestrained as when they were children. 
“It’s been 15 years since I last saw you, and you’re still as beautiful as before.” 
“Hehe… You’re not so bad yourself!” 
Bella squinted her charming eyes and raised her hand to pat his cheek. She was frisky and frivolous, but it did not offend him at all. 
If she was well-behaved and proper at all times, then she would not be the Bella Thompson he loved. 
Bella covered her mouth and hiccupped again. Her body swayed, and she could not stand still. 
The man curled his lips and picked her up in bridal style without asking her for permission. 
“Um… Put me down!” 
Bella’s face was flushed as she twisted her body and struggled in the man’s arms, like a squirming kitten.
Her slender white calves were exposed under her burgundy skirt as she kicked around. Her skin was so fair that it seemed to glow under the light. 
His eyes darkened, and he suddenly became playful. “I’ll let you down if you call my name. 
“You… Your name is… Cri…?” 
Bella was so drunk that her brain was muddled. She barely knew what she was saying, let alone remember his name. 
“My name is Christopher Iverson, but I don’t mind if you call me Critter.” 
The man’s long eyelashes fluttered. He leaned close to her ear and whispered in a husky voice, “But only you can call me that.” 
It was a pity that these words turned into chaotic gibberish in Bella’s drunken state. She could not understand a single word he was saying. 
Christopher carefully placed Bella’s delicate body on the sofa, being extremely gentle with her. 
At this time, his phone rang. It was his secretary calling. 
“Mr. Iverson, everyone is here.” 
“Tell them to go back.” Christopher’s lips curled into a doting smile. His eyes never left Bella’s blushing face. 
“Pardon?” His secretary was surprised. 
“Cancel the meeting today. Tell them to go back, and don’t disturb me.” 
“Yes, sir.” The secretary dared not ask any more questions and agreed immediately.
“Also, buy a bottle of hangover medicine at the pharmacy and come here as soon as possible.” 
After hanging up the phone, Christopher slowly sat down next to Bella. He turned sideways and raised his hand to tuck a strand of hair that was stuck to her face behind her ear. 
“It’s such a coincidence to see you again.” 
On the other hand, after Ryan finished singing “Break My Heart Again”, he fell on the sofa and completely blacked out. 
Justin frowned deeply and felt depressed as well. 
There was still some wine left in the glass, so he tipped his head back and drank it all in one gulp. 
Then he took Ryan’s cigarette box, picked out a cigarette, and held it between his pale lips. His handsome and melancholy face looked more rugged at this time. 
As the nicotine filled his lungs, Justin thought about how Bella invoked confusing feelings in him and puffed out a ring of smoke. 
After the divorce, his daily routine was messed up. He started smoking and drinking, and no one was there to persuade him otherwise. 
“Bella… Bella…” Ryan closed his eyes and tore at his black shirt while calling out Bella’s name. 
Justin was pulled back from his thoughts. He flicked the cigarette, raised his long legs, and kicked Ryan’s drooping arms with the toe of his leather shoes. 
“Shut up. She won’t come to you no matter how much you call out for her.” 
Justin felt particularly spiteful, so he added, “Besides, who are you to call out her name?”
Suddenly, the door was pushed open. Ian stood at the door, panting and holding on to the door frame. 
“Where are your manners? Don’t you know how to knock?” Justin crushed the cigarette butt and admonished his secretary. 
“Mr. Salvador! I… I just saw the young madam!” Ian was so anxious that his face was covered with sweat. 
“What?” Justin stood up abruptly. “Where is she?!”
###chapter247
“Mr. Salvador, promise me that you won’t do anything impulsive after I tell you this…” 
“Spit it out!” 
Ian gulped and said, “I just saw the young madam pushing the door of a private room. Then a man in glasses carried her inside…” 
Justin’s head buzzed, and his eyes turned bloodshot. “Which room? Lead the way!” 
Christopher’s secretary quickly bought the hangover medicine as requested. 
Christopher took over the medicine bottle and fed it to Bella slowly. He thoughtfully prepared some water for her to wash it down as well. 
The secretary was dumbfounded. 
Christopher Iverson was a dark and cold-hearted person who hid his sinister intentions behind a gentle facade. No woman had come close to Christopher in all these years. Who was this young lady who made his boss turn into such a caring man? 
Was Christopher in love with her? 
Tsk tsk! Since ancient times, even the greatest heroes have had a hard time resisting a beautiful woman. Christopher must be enamored with this gorgeous woman. 
“Are you feeling better now?” Christopher asked gently when he finally saw Bella’s blush fading. 
Bella stretched out her hand to cover her chest. Her eyes gradually regained focus, but her stomach was churning. She felt like vomiting.
“Alcohol is very harmful to the body. You should drink less in the future.” Christopher spoke with concern as he handed her a glass of water. 
Bella could not remember what had just happened, but she could tell that the man had no ill 
intentions toward her. 
She also noticed how handsome he looked. 
He was elegant and chivalrous. His gold-rimmed glasses made him look like a distinguished gentleman. 
“Sir… You look a bit familiar…” Bella rubbed her throbbing temples. 
Christopher narrowed his deep, upturned eyes and thought, ‘She forgot.’ 
Suddenly, the door was kicked open. 
Justin barged in like a bull, aggressive and unstoppable. 
Christopher’s face darkened, and a cold light flashed through his lenses. 
“Mr. Iverson, this is Mr. Salvador, president of the Salvador Corporation,” Christopher’s secretary reminded him in a low voice, looking shocked. 
“Kick him out.” Christopher raised his chin and did not bother with pleasantries. 
The secretary nodded and walked over to Justin. “Mr. Salvador, please leave immediately…” Before the secretary finished speaking, the angry Justin had already knocked him over and strode up to Bella. He was like a looming iceberg, enveloping her in a dark and cold shadow. 
Bella did not realize what was going on. She rubbed her sleepy eyes like a child and raised her head.
The next second, she was shocked. “Justin? Why are you…” 
“Come with me.” Justin interrupted her mid-sentence. 
Justin suppressed his anger and pulled her slender arm without effort. Soon, Bella’s soft body was pressed against his. 
He was overwhelmed with rage at this moment. 
Justin thought, “This woman stole my project during the day. Now, she’s celebrating with this nameless man?! He looks like a hypocritical, pretty boy! Does she have a conscience?!’ 
“Why should I go with you? Who the hell are you?!” 
Bella was almost sober. She struggled to get out of Justin’s grasp. “Let go of me! Why are you following me everywhere I go? Are you a dog? Why should I go with you?!” 
“Bella, don’t test my patience!” Justin gritted his teeth and clenched his fists. His veins on his forearm were bulging. 
Christopher’s eyes darkened. Suddenly, he grabbed Bella’s other wrist. 
Bella was caught in the middle and pulled from both sides. She felt like they were about to rip her apart. 
“Can’t you see that Ms. Thompson doesn’t want to go with you? Are you trying to take her away against her own will?” Christopher’s pale lips curled into a sneer. 
“It’s not your place as an outsider to comment on my relationship with her!” Justin was so furious that the veins on his forehead bulged.
Christopher adjusted his glasses and glared at Justin with blazing eyes. “If I am an outsider, who are you to Ms. Thompson?” 
Bella and Justin looked at each other and spoke in unison. 
Justin said, “I’m her husband!” 
Bella shouted, “He’s my ex-husband!”
###chapter248
Christopher was stunned for a moment. His heart clenched. 
Bella’s flushed cheeks turned pale as she instantly sobered up. She glared at Justin angrily. ” Justin Salvador! How can you be so confidently shameless? Let me go! I won’t leave with you no matter what!” 
Justin let her struggle and scold him to her heart’s content. He felt that there was no one else in the world that he cared about at this moment, and he had no other thoughts except taking her away from this man. 
Seeing her in the same room getting drunk with a stranger, Justin was infuriated that Bella was so frivolous. 
“Justin! You bastard! Let go… Ah!” 
Unexpectedly, Justin wrapped his strong arms around Bella’s waist and lifted her over his shoulders, carrying her out of the room without hesitation. His face was cold and grim. 
“Let me go! I’m going to puke!” 
Bella punched his broad back. Her stomach was churning, and she felt so sick that she wanted to cry. 
“Go ahead and puke.” Justin’s face was expressionless. He did not even have the slightest pity for her. 
He thought, ‘Vomiting would be a punishment for a heartless little liar like her!’ 
Seeing them disappear from the box, Christopher pressed his thin lips together as anger filled his eyes. 
“That bastard is such a dirty brute.”
“Mr. Iverson, what should we do now? Do you want to chase after them?” His secretary asked anxiously. 
“Send someone to follow her.” 
Christopher’s pleasant voice was nonchalant. He was still holding the glass of water that Bella drank from. He rubbed the faint lipstick mark on the rim of the glass with his fingertips. 
“It’s so surprising that Justin Salvador was married.” 
The secretary could not believe it. “When did this happen? How could there be no news of it at all?” 
“Go and check it out.” 
Christopher raised his hand gracefully to take a sip of water from Bella’s glass. He spoke calmly, but his cold eyes behind his gold-rimmed glasses were exuding a piercing chill. “Check what Justin Salvador has been up to in the past few years and what their current relationship is.” 
Justin wanted to carry Bella back to his private room, but when he thought about the passed out Ryan on the sofa, he simply carried her out of the karaoke bar. 
Along the way, some waiters and guests saw this scene, but no one dared to intervene. They thought a young couple had gotten into a fight. 
“Justin… I want to vomit… I feel so uncomfortable…” 
Bella finally recovered after drinking the hangover medicine. Now, she felt dizzy from being carried over Justin’s shoulders, like she was seasick. She let out a soft moan, which tugged at Justin’s heartstrings. 
Justin felt a desire welling up in his chest. His Adam’s apple bobbed. “Bella, why did you get drunk if you know you’ll feel nauseous?”
As soon as he put her down, Bella suddenly pushed him against the car door. 
Justin’s breathing became heavier as he stared at her blushing face. Her fair hands were pressed on his strong chest muscles, and she slowly clenched her fists. 
The next second, Bella puked. 
Justin’s eyes widened in shock. “You!” 
Bella bent over and continued to vomit all the food she ate that evening onto Justin’s spotless suit. 
The smell of digested seafood mixed with alcohol made Justin feel like vomiting as well. His face turned glum. ‘This damn woman used me as a wall for support?!’ 
“Justin… Are you a ghost? Why are you always haunting me? Go away! I don’t like seeing your face!” 
Bella pushed him away with all her strength, but Justin grabbed her wrists, glared at her, and clenched his jaw. 
“Who is that pretty boy in glasses?” 
“Who? He’s my new man! Hehe… Do you have any ions?” Bella narrowed her almond- shaped eyes and smiled seductively.
###chapter249
“Yes, I do!” Justin blurted out with red eyes. He no longer bothered to restrain himself. 
“So what if you have ions? Haha… You’re just a fucking psycho!” 
Bella struggled to free herself. Her drunken hue made her beautiful face look all the more seductive. “You have a childhood sweetheart, so why can’t I have a new lover? Who are you to stop me?!” 
Every word she said was like a knife that stabbed his heart. 
Justin recalled how close Bella was to the man in glasses. That man stared at her with such adoration, and the room was filled with romantic tension. 
At that moment, Justin lost all reason. 
His possessiveness overwhelmed him and made his blood boil. 
“Hah! Ms. Thompson, you sure have a very exciting private life.” 
Justin sneered. The pain in his chest was from jealousy and anger. This feeling was intensified under the influence of alcohol. “Why would you book such a big private room for just the two of you? Are you afraid that you won’t have enough space to go wild?” 
He wanted to insult her, but those words were stabbing him instead. Why was he the one who was in such severe pain? 
“Pft! Hahaha…” 
Bella laughed out loud. “Exactly! Do you still think that I’m the boring old Anna Brown that you know? There’s nothing I’m not capable of. I can only say that your imagination is lacking.”
“Bella!” 
Justin could not suppress his anger any longer. His chest heaved violently. “I’m taking you away today, whether you like it or not. As long as I’m around, don’t even think about finding a new lover!” 
Just then, a patrol car happened to drive past. 
Bella had an idea. She was like a fierce little beast earlier, but at this moment, she put on a pitiful face and shouted, “You pervert! Help! He’s assaulting me! Help!” 
“You!” Justin’s face suddenly turned pale. 
The two patrol officers quickly jumped out of the car and shouted to Justin as they ran, “Don’t move! Let the lady go!” 
While Justin was distracted, Bella broke free from his shackles, wiped away her tears in panic, and started telling lies. 
“I accidentally vomited on this gentleman and soiled his clothes… I offered to pay for the dry cleaning, but he refused to let me go and kept pestering me.” 
“Sir, do you know that your behavior is considered harassment?” 
“We can detain you on grounds of harassment.” 
Justin was surrounded by the two police officers and could not escape. He let out a deep breath and said, “I’m not a rogue. I know her!” 
“Miss, do you know him?” The police officer looked at Bella with a tender gaze. 
Bella shook her head with tears in her eyes. “No, I don’t know him.”
The police officer looked at Justin with contempt and said coldly, “Why would you lie? You must have some evil intentions. You’re coming with us!” 
At this time, Justin’s phone rang. It was Gregory calling. 
Justin’s body was shaking with anger. He picked up the call. 
“Where are you? Come over quickly!” 
Gregory’s tone was extremely urgent. “Rose attempted suicide and cut her wrists! She has lost too much blood now and is being rescued at the Savrow Hospital.” 
Justin felt as if he had been struck by lightning. All the blood drained from his already grim face. 
“Justin, can you manage your affairs properly? Since you decided to be with Rose, you shouldn’t get involved with Bella anymore!” 
Gregory was furious over the phone. “Look at what you’ve done now! You almost killed someone! Rose was the one who saved your life when you attempted suicide in your 
adolescent years. Is this how you repay her? You promise to marry her but back out at the last minute. Who will be able to handle such emotional turmoil? You forced her into this situation!” 
In an instant, Justin’s traumatizing childhood overwhelmed him. 
He clutched his chest tightly and felt suffocated. 
When he looked up again, Bella had already gone back into the karaoke bar.
###chapter250
Bella returned to the karaoke bar, mostly sober after vomiting. However, her good mood was gone. 
How did she meet that jerk during a night out with her sister? 
Bella thought that she had to find a way to get rid of that haunting ghost. 
At this moment, a pair of warm hands grabbed her arm. 
Bella raised her eyelids. When she saw Amelia, she forced a smile. 
“I’m fine.” 
“Bella, was that man who pestered you just now your ex-husband?” Amelia put her arms around Bella’s waist and supported her while asking worriedly. 
“Yeah,” Bella responded softly. 
“Wow… He’s so handsome!” 
Amelia’s clear eyes sparkled. She sighed from the bottom of her heart. “I thought that Asher, Axel, Drew, and Declan were all handsome enough. I didn’t expect your ex-husband to be as good-looking as our brothers. He might even have more of a visual impact. Is he really the president of a company? He looks more like a superstar!” 
Bella held her forehead and complained. “Visual impact? He’s not a 3D movie…” 
“No wonder my mother said that day that your ex-husband was more handsome than George Clooney. I couldn’t believe it because my mother has been in love with George Clooney since forever! But I
finally understood why she said that when I saw your ex-husband today… He was indeed more handsome than George Clooney!” Amelia kept yapping on about how good- looking Justin was. 
“So what if he’s handsome? His character is as good as a toilet bowl.” 
Bella narrowed her eyes and glanced at Amelia’s rosy cheeks. “If you dare mention that bastard’s looks again, I’ll tell Wyatt that Aunt Celeste’s dream lover is George Clooney!” 
Since it was late, Amelia did not want to disturb her roommate and decided to stay in Bella’s villa for the night. She would go back to the dorms tomorrow morning. 
Amelia noticed that her usually alcohol-tolerant sister was a little drunk. Bella kept rubbing her temples, and she leaned against the car window, panting softly. 
“Bella, let me help you.” Amelia gently massaged Bella’s temples. 
Bella leaned obediently into her sister’s arms. Her breath was fragrant even with alcohol, and her smooth forehead was covered with sweat. 
Amelia gulped. As a woman, even she found her sister attractive. 
Honestly, how could someone be so beautiful and charming when they were drunk? It should be illegal for someone to be so stunning. 
Bella ordered the driver to stop the car at the entrance of the neighborhood. She liked to take a walk home when she was drunk so that she could sober up before going to bed. 
The two sisters walked hand in hand along the road home. 
The evening breeze was cool. The moon was bright, so the stars were sparse. This quiet scenery eased Bella’s depressed mood.
Suddenly, Bella frowned and stopped in her tracks. Her grip on Amelia’s hand tightened. 
“Bella? What’s wrong?” 
“Someone is following us.” Bella lowered her voice. Alarm bells started ringing in her head. Amelia was startled. She looked around timidly, and a cold sweat broke out in her hand. 
“Don’t be afraid. I’m right here. I will kill whoever attacks us.” Bella comforted Amelia softly and smirked. 
Bella was still angered because Justin provoked her. Who could be so stupid as to offend her now? 
Axel and Drew’s nickname for Bella-Bruce Lee-when she was younger was not in vain. 
“Stop sneaking around. Come out and show yourself!” Bella’s eyes were sharp and intense. She raised her voice and shouted. 
At this time, there was a heart-stopping sound in the trees. 
Bella’s beautiful eyes darkened as she hurriedly pulled Amelia behind her in a protective stance. 
The sound of muffled footsteps came from the bushes. A strong and burly man in black sportswear and a black mask walked up to them and twisted his neck. 
Amelia was frightened by the man’s figure alone. She could hardly breathe. 
Bella was calm and collected. Although she knew that the man was also a fighter, she was confident that she could beat ordinary fighters in a fight. 
After all, real life was not like the movies. Not many people could be as skilled at fighting as Drew and Justin.
“Which one of you is Bella?” The man in black asked with sinister eyes. 
He had a bit of an accent, so Bella knew he was not a Savrow native. 
“I am! Why don’t you bow to me?” Bella raised her eyebrows fearlessly. 
“Okay.” 
The man flashed a sharp dagger and lunged at Bella. 
“Ah! Bella, be careful!” 
Amelia saw the knife coming toward them and shouted in fear, but Bella pushed her 
“Amelia! Run!” 
Where could she run to? How could she leave her sister alone? 
The combination of fists and kicks created strong gusts of wind around them. 
away. 
In the blink of an eye, Bella exchanged more than a dozen moves with the attacker.
###chapter251
Amelia watched the dizzying fight and found it more thrilling than an action movie. 
“Come on, Bella!” Amelia cheered her on. 
Bella could barely dodge the man’s violent kicks. She was speechless as she thought, ‘Is this really the time to be cheerleading?!’ 
“Amelia! Call the police now!” 
“Oh, right!” Amelia came to her senses and hurriedly took out her phone. 
The man in black did not expect such a fragile-looking beauty to be so skilled at fighting. 
Seeing that he could not subdue Bella, the man focused his thoughts on Amelia. Suddenly, he turned around and changed his target to Amelia. 
Amelia’s phone fell to the ground. She froze in place out of fear and closed her eyes tightly. “Ugh!” 
There was a muffled groan. Amelia opened her eyes in a panic, only to see Bella using her arms to shield her from the knife attacks. 
There was a long cut in Bella’s suit jacket. Bright red blood started dripping down in a line. 
“Bella!” Amelia exclaimed in shock as tears poured down her face. 
Bella was panting and covering her bleeding arm. Her scalp had a numbing pain, and she was sweating profusely. 
This man was not just trying to rob them. He was a hired killer!
Just when the man in black raised the knife to stab Bella again, he suddenly leaned back because someone had grabbed him by his back collar. 
Bella seized the opportunity to attack him with a roundhouse kick, kicking the dagger away from them. 
“Ah!” 
Immediately afterward, the man let out a painful scream. 
“Crack-!” 
Bella watched helplessly as someone dislocated the attacker’s arms seamlessly, as if they were Legos. 
It was a real feast for the eyes. 
“It’s you?!” 
Bella looked stunned. She forgot about the pain in her wound and just stared blankly at the man in front of her, who had subdued the attacker under his feet. The gentleman was like her knight in shining armor./ 
“What a coincidence! We meet again.” Christopher smiled gently at Bella. 
He ground his high-end, handmade leather shoes onto the attacker’s face. The attacker was in 
so much pain that he pounded the ground with his fists. 
“Ms. Bella!” Steven shouted while running toward them.
“Steven! Come quickly! Bella is injured!” Amelia was so scared that her eyes turned red again as soon as she saw Steven. 
“Ms. Bella! How did this happen?!” 
When Steven saw a pool of blood on the ground, his heart ached, as if the blood were his. Tears gathered in his eyes as he asked, “Who hurt you?!” 
“Why are you here? Is your mom feeling better?” Bella took a deep breath and chided him. “Is this the time to be thinking about my mom? You must go to the hospital immediately!” Steven felt severe pain, as if he were the wounded one. He bent down, wanting to pick Bella up. Unexpectedly, Bella took half a step back and stubbornly shook her head. “It’s not a deep wound, so there’s no need to make such a fuss. Amelia is quite frightened, though, so please comfort her. I’m fine.” 
“Ms. Bella…” Steven’s eyes were blank for a moment. He clenched his fingers feebly. 
Bella had always been a stubborn and tough lady. Even after being injured, she did not shed a single tear. 
“Bella, let Steven take care of you. I’m fine…” 
Amelia felt guilty. Her tears could not stop sliding down her cheeks. “It’s all my fault… I’m such a dumb cow! Bella wouldn’t have been hurt so badly if I didn’t drag her down…” 
“Silly girl, what are you talking about?” 
Bella raised her hand and pinched Amelia’s wet cheek. She sighed and said, “It’s my fault for implicating you. I’m the one who should be apologizing to you.” 
On the side, two of Christopher’s bodyguards tied up the attacker and put him in a car.
“Are you okay, sir?!” Christopher’s secretary turned pale with fright. His boss moved so fast that they could not keep up. 
“I’m fine.” Christopher dusted his suit off gracefully and looked at Bella longingly. 
His deep eyes were sultry. 
Bella took a deep breath, walked straight to him, and said politely, “Sir, thank you very much for your help. But can you let me deal with this man? It’s very important to me.” 
The man curled his lips slightly. “Of course, but I have a condition.” 
“Go ahead.” 
As soon as she said this, Bella felt her body being lifted. Christopher carried her in bridal style again. He was so fast that even Steven did not have time to react. 
Bella shrieked. The moment she looked up, her eyes collided with Christopher’s tender gaze, “Let’s go to the hospital to get your wound treated first. Then you can do whatever you want.
###chapter252
At the emergency room of Savrow Hospital, Rosalind had already received a blood transfusion, but she was still in critical condition. 
When she was brought in, her entire face was so pale that it was almost transparent. The cuts on her wrists were hideous and deep. 
Patrick, Jean, Gregory, and Bethany were waiting in the corridor. 
Jean was heartbroken and bawled while calling out her daughter’s name. 
“That’s enough! How could you cry like this at your age? You’re embarrassing us!” Patrick admonished her with a gloomy face. 
“Are you kidding me? Our daughter’s life is hanging by a thread, but as her father, you only think about how I’m embarrassing you. Do you even have a heart?!” 
Jean grabbed and pulled her husband’s collar while crying hysterically. “My son is already in prison. Rose is the only child I have now! If anything happens to her, I won’t be able to live anymore!” 
Patrick’s face was glum. His daughter attempted suicide because of a man, and his wife was making a fuss. 
Patrick already had an inferior complex with Gregory. But this time, he felt even more embarrassed in front of his brother-in-law because he could not figure out how to deal with his wife and daughter. In a fit of rage, Patrick shoved Jean, who stumbled to the floor. 
“Are you done making a scene?! This is a hospital. Do you think this is a farmer’s market? Look in the mirror! Do you still look like the wife of a chairman?!”
“You… You pushed me…” Jean collapsed on the floor. She was so stunned that she forgot to cry. 
“Aunt Jean, Uncle Patrick, please stop arguing! What’s most important is that Rose can survive the critical period.” Bethany hurriedly stepped forward to help Jean. However, she was secretly smiling. 
If Shannon had not been assisting with the investigation at the prosecutor’s office and Gregory had not dragged her over to console Jean, Bethany would not have cared about Rosalind’s well-being. 
Since Bethany was already at the hospital, she would have to complete the act. Thus, she could not laugh, no matter how secretly happy she was. 
“Gregory, my daughter has become like this because of your son. You must give us an explanation!” 
Patrick had nowhere to vent his anger, so he could only blame Gregory. “My daughter and 
your 
son have been in a relationship for so many years. She gave Justin the most precious years of her youth! Now that their marital news is spreading, everyone in Savrow knows that my daughter is Justin’s fiancée. At first, their wedding was set to be after Old Master Nigel’s birthday. Your son and that woman delayed finalizing their divorce, but we put up with it for Old Master Nigel’s sake. Now that his birthday has passed and they have finalized their divorce, how could your son suddenly back out at this time? What kind of girl from a good family can bear this kind of betrayal? Your son is just forcing my daughter off a cliff!” 
Gregory was frustrated. His face was glum, and he did not know what to say. 
“We… Although we’re not as rich and influential as the Thompsons, we’re decent people who deserve respect. Justin is bullying Rose by treating her so callously!”
Jean stood up with Bethany’s support and said angrily, “Chairman Salvador, our family will not let this slide! If Justin breaks up with my daughter, we will definitely leak it to the press. We can all go to hell together!” 
She knew that Rosalind attempted suicide to force Justin’s hand in marriage. 
Rosalind and Justin were childhood sweethearts. As long as that man still had a hint of nostalgia for Rosalind, he would not sit idly by and watch her die. 
Even if they could not get married in the end, Jean would strive to get the maximum benefit from the Salvadors. That way, she could also save her family from bankruptcy. No matter how she looked at it, this was a profitable deal! 
Gregory sighed repeatedly. He looked troubled. 
With Shannon’s arrest making headlines, if news spread about the CEO of Salvador 
Corporation two-timing his fiancée, forcing her to commit suicide, Salvador Corporation’s reputation would go down the drain, and their stocks would plummet. 
At this point, Gregory no longer cared about Justin’s willingness. He simply made a decision.” Don’t worry, when Rose wakes up, you can tell her that I will make sure Justin marries her as planned.” 
After hearing this, the Golds’ expressions relaxed a little. 
However, Jean still had lingering fears when she thought about the past. Justin was gaining more power in Salvador Corporation. He was no longer the weak, illegitimate son who would listen to Gregory’s orders. Thus, Justin might not even care about the promise that Gregory made. 
At this time, a series of footsteps came from the end of the corridor.
Justin’s handsome face was pale, as if it were covered in frost. He walked toward them with Ian in tow. 
“How is Rose?” 
Before Gregory could answer, Jean rushed over with fiery eyes and grabbed Justin’s shirt. “Justin! What did my daughter ever do to you?! Look at what you’ve done to her! Do you want Rosalind to die so that you can get back together with your ex-wife?!” 
“Mrs. Gold! Calm down!” Ian hurriedly pulled Shannon away from Justin. 
This caused a big stir. Even though there were bodyguards standing guard over the area, some onlookers still poked their heads to watch the fun.
###chapter253
“Calm down?! My daughter is still in critical condition right now! She has shed tears for this heartless man. Now she has even shed blood for him. I don’t even know if she’s alive, so how do you expect me to stay calm?!” 
Jean pointed at Justin’s cold and pale face. “Justin! Since you weren’t serious about Rose, why did you lie to her that you wanted to marry her?! How can you go back on your word when you’ve already proposed?! My daughter is so kind. Back when you attempted suicide, she was the one who found out in time and saved you. Rose is so good to you, so how could you hurt her like this?! Where is your conscience?!” 
Justin felt a severe headache. 
His traumatizing childhood replayed in his mind. He felt so strangled that he almost could not breathe. 
The fragments of memories deep in his mind that he tried hard to forget surfaced. 
Christopher took Bella to the hospital for emergency treatment of her wound. 
Bella did not let Steven follow her. Instead, she asked him to take care of Amelia. That was because she did not want Amelia to see her wound and cry harder. 
That pitiful girl was soft-hearted and timid. Amelia kept crying and blaming herself on the way to the hospital. Even Steven felt sorry for her. 
Thus, Bella did not want Amelia to feel even more guilty. 
Fortunately, Bella ducked back quickly when the attacker lunged at her, so the wound was not too deep.
When she came out of the treatment room, Bella’s fair and slender forearms had been coated with medicine and wrapped in gauze. She had also been given a tetanus shot. 
Her coat was torn and dirty, completely unwearable. 
At this moment, she was only wearing a thin burgundy dress. Her pretty and delicate face was as fair as snow, with a faint blush on her cheeks. Even when she was injured, she still looked astonishingly beautiful. 
Christopher lowered his eyes and saw her long, curled eyelashes. His eyes darkened with desire. 
He took off his suit jacket and put it gently on her shoulders. “It’s cold outside. Put it on.” 
“No, I’m not cold.” Bella panicked and reached out to take it off. 
However, Christopher held the collar of his suit jacket and wrapped it tightly over her delicate body. 
“The bandage on your arm is quite exaggerated. Aren’t you afraid that your lovely sister and loyal secretary will be worried when they see you like this? Just wear it.” 
Bella pursed her lips tightly. She hesitated and did not resist anymore. 
This man was too considerate and understanding, so she could not refuse the things he did for her. 
“Sir, why were you there?” 
“I also stay in that neighborhood.” Christopher lied. Although the neighborhood was his family’s development, he did not live there. 
“Oh? What a coincidence!” Her eyes flickered, but Bella did not ask further questions.
“When they were cleaning your wound, it hurt me just looking at it. You didn’t even flinch. You truly are the strongest lady I know.” Christopher changed the subject and kept looking at her. 
“Many girls are strong at heart. You will meet many like me in the future.” Bella smiled politely. 
Christopher smiled slightly and thought, ‘I don’t want to meet anyone else. I just want to get to know you.’ 
“Thank you for taking care of me. But don’t you think you’re a bit upfront for suddenly picking up a stranger, bridal style? Although I know you have good intentions, I don’t like getting too close to strangers.” Bella’s tone was still polite. She really cared about being picked up. 
“Sorry, I was too anxious when I saw that you were injured.” 
Christopher pushed up his glasses. His clear eyes were apologetic as he spoke. “I’ll keep my distance in the future.” 
Bella smiled. He was so sincere that she could not hate him for it. 
“Oh, by the way, I don’t know your name yet. Do you mind telling me your name?” 
Christopher’s heart trembled. Just as his lips parted, a cold and deep voice came from behind. “Bella!”
###chapter254
Bella was startled. 
She turned around slowly with eyes full of indifference, as if he were a stranger. 
Justin, who was just a few steps away, stood frozen on the spot. He felt so alone when he saw Bella and Christopher standing together. His tall body trembled, and he felt as if he had 
stepped off a tall building, free-falling to the ground. 
He pursed his lips and lowered his gaze. That was when he noticed that Bella’s arm was wrapped in gauze. His heart clenched, and he subconsciously took a step forward to get closer to her. 
“Your arm…” 
Bella stepped back as if Justin were contagious. It gave Christopher the opportunity to step in front of her to protect her. 
Justin’s throat tightened. He looked into the man’s sullen eyes, and electric sparks seemed to be coursing between them in a silent fight. 
“I won’t allow what happened at the bar to happen again.” 
Christopher pushed his gold-rimmed glasses slightly. His narrowed eyes were dark and aggressive. “You have already snatched her from me once. Do you think I will let you do it a second time?” 
“Who are you to her?” Justin stared at Christopher with intense eyes and asked in a cold voice. Justin had been deceived horribly by Bella’s brothers before, so he was afraid that this man was also one of Wyatt’s elusive sons.
However, the way this man looked at Bella was full of affection and longing. It did not look like brotherly love. 
“Someone closer and more important to me than you will ever be.” Bella opened her mouth at this moment and stabbed Justin with her harsh words. 
Christopher looked back at Bella with a satisfied smile. 
“Justin, I remember telling you off at the karaoke bar just now. I really don’t understand why you keep pestering me.’ 
>> 
The man’s eyes suddenly turned red. “Bella, are you naive? You got drunk with a stranger. I’m afraid that you’ll…” 
Bella frowned impatiently and interrupted him with disdain. “I don’t care what you think. Your opinions disgust me. I’ve already vomited once tonight, so don’t make me puke another tíme, Mr. Salvador.” 
Those words could not be more heartbreaking for Justin. 
Justin’s pale lips parted, and the jealousy in the deepest part of his heart arose. 
There were so many shocking events today that shook Justin to the core. His headache 
overwhelmed his nerves, and he felt like he was one step away from an emotional breakdown. 
Why? Why was he so hung up on her after they got divorced? 
Did he really regret getting divorced? 
Justin fell into an endless loop of self-doubt.
Was he wrong from the beginning? 
“Mr. Salvador! Ms. Gold… Ms. Gold is no longer in critical condition.” 
At this time, Ian rushed over and shouted the good news. He did not notice that Bella was also there. 
By the time Ian saw Bella, it was too late. 
Seeing their gloomy expressions, Ian really wanted to slap his big mouth. 
“Mr. Salvador, it turns out that you already have a partner.’ 
}) 
Christopher figured out everything in an instant. He curled his lips slightly and said, “Then why are you still pestering Ms. Thompson? Do you want a polygamous relationship?” 
Justin’s eyes darkened, while Ian was speechless. 
That was unpleasant to hear. 
Bella’s eyes widened slightly in shock. She thought, ‘He called me Ms. Thompson… He actually knows who I am?!’ 
“Now that you’re divorced, you shouldn’t continue to pester Ms. Thompson. This is basic etiquette.” 
Christopher glanced at Justin with cold eyes. “Since you can’t be a good husband, you can at least be a decent human.” 
“What are you saying? Are you insulting Mr. Salvador?!” Ian’s face flushed with anger as he stepped forward to defend Justin.
“It’s alright. Leave him alone. Let’s go back.” Bella did not want to cause unnecessary trouble in a public space. 
“Okay.” Christopher put on a gentle smile and returned to Bella’s side obediently. 
Justin watched as the outstanding couple gradually disappeared from his field of vision. His heart stopped, and the blood in his body solidified into ice.
###chapter255
Someone else had occupied the spot next to Bella. 
Justin subconsciously covered his quivering heart. He wondered how his heart could hurt so much, as if it had been dug out entirely. 
It was not until this moment that Justin truly felt the reality of their divorce settling in. 
In the underground parking lot, Steven rushed over to Christopher and Bella when he saw them. 
“Ms. Bella, how are your injuries?” 
“It’s just a trivial matter. Where’s the attacker?” Bella only cared about this at the moment. 
“Don’t worry. I have already sent someone over to take him away to the dungeons. He can’t escape.” Steven whispered in her ear. 
“Good. Steve, we have a big job to do in the next few days.” Bella narrowed her beautiful almond eyes dangerously and patted his shoulder. 
Steven nodded seriously. “I’m always ready to fight!” 
“Wait here. Let me say goodbye to him.” 
With that said, Bella turned around and walked toward Christopher. 
At this moment, the man standing with his hands behind his back beside the Bentley looked like an exquisite sculpture. 
“As you may have noticed tonight, Mr. Salvador and I have a complicated relationship.”
Bella raised her beautiful eyes and met the man’s smiling face. Her tone was filled with guilt as she said, “I really had no choice but to pull you into this drama… I shouldn’t have gotten you involved in this. I’m sorry.” 
“There’s no need to apologize. It’s an honor to be used by you.” Christopher’s voice was clear and seductive. 
Bella pursed her lips lightly. This made her feel even more embarrassed. 
The man added with a smile, “If you find it useful, you are welcome to use me again.” 
“Sir, you must be joking.” Bella smiled bitterly. “I don’t want this to happen again.” 
“You shouldn’t get water on the wound for a week and watch for an infection. It’s late, so you should go home early.” 
Christopher’s eyes were full of reluctance, but he knew when to keep a distance. He said goodbye to Bella and turned around to get in the car. 
“Wait a minute!” Bella knocked on the car window. 
The tinted car windows slowly rolled down, and Christopher looked at Bella with a smile. 
“You just called me Ms. Thompson in front of Justin. How did you know who I was? You knew 
who I was from the first time you met me, right?” Bella was extremely curious. If she did not get an answer, she probably could not sleep well. 
“Yes.” Christopher stared deeply into Bella’s clear and watery eyes. 
“I never show my face in public, and few people in Savrow know my identity. How did you know who I was? Have we met before?” Bella asked repeatedly. Her eyes were sparkling.
Christopher’s thin lips curled up slightly. “I’ll tell you the next time we meet.” 
Christopher’s secretary and bodyguard also got in the car. The two luxury cars drove off in front of Bella. 
Suddenly, Bella remembered something and slapped her forehead. “Oh, no! I forgot to ask his name again!” 
The Bentley sped through Savrow’s vibrant night scene. 
Christopher stared at the glass window. Among the gorgeous neon lights, what appeared in front of his eyes was Bella’s stunning and enchanting.face. 
He narrowed his upturned eyes and gently touched the cold glass window with his fingers. 
“Bella… I didn’t expect to meet you like this.” 
“Mr. Iverson, I just briefly checked on the relationship between Justin Salvador and Ms. Thompson. There is no information about their marriage, but I found out that they were officially divorced just this month.” 
The secretary was flipping through his iPad and said in an optimistic tone, “Ms. Thompson is single now!” 
“It doesn’t matter. She said that I am closer and more important to her than Justin ever will be.” Christopher was thrilled when he thought of those words. 
“Congratulations, Mr. Iverson! You beat Justin Salvador!” His secretary was happy for him. 
“This isn’t remotely enough.”
Christopher’s gloomy and cold eyes, which were like arctic icebergs, only melted for Bella. What I want is to be the only one in her heart.”
###chapter256
It was already past midnight when they returned to Bella’s private villa. 
Amelia was worried about her sister and kept trying to stay awake. Her eyes were bloodshot from exhaustion, and she looked so pitiful. 
“Amelia, stop blaming yourself. I’m fine. Don’t you have classes tomorrow morning? Go to bed quickly.” Bella sat next to Amelia and reached out to hug her. 
“Bella, do you think that I’m useless? You protected me when I was a child. Now that I’m grown up, I still can’t do anything for you…” Amelia pouted as tears filled her eyes again. 
“Silly girl, what are you saying?” 
Bella flicked Amelia’s forehead and said, “Because of you and Aunt Celeste, our family’s bond became stronger. You are our baby and our most precious little lucky star. If you really want to do something for me, then you should work hard to realize your dream. When you make a name for yourself in the entertainment industry, I’ll make you my spokesperson. That way we can keep the wealth within the family, and it can save me some money. How nice is that?” “Bella, I’ll definitely succeed!” Amelia wiped away the tears with the back of her hand and nodded seriously. 
After Amelia washed up, she fell asleep in seconds as soon as her head touched the pillow. Bella covered her sister with the quilt and walked out of the room. 
Steven was already waiting for her in the study. 
“I think Rosalind is hospitalized tonight. Have you found out the reason?” The warmth in Bella’s eyes disappeared as she sat down on the sofa.
“Yes. She attempted suicide by cutting her wrists and was rescued in time. She’s currently out of danger.” 
Steven paused for a moment. A cold glint flashed across his dark eyes. “Justin has always been by her side.” 
“Well, of course. That fake bitch tried to kill herself because of him. Even if Justin dies, he will have to be buried next to her.” Bella mocked, not at all surprised. 
“Miss, what do you think about Rosalind’s suicide?” 
“It’s the funniest joke I’ve heard all year!” 
Bella leaned on her side, closed her eyes, and rubbed her sore temples. “She hasn’t become the wife of Salvador Corporation’s CEO or killed me yet, so how could she be willing to die first? Besides, people who really seek death won’t want to be discovered.” 
“So, you think that Rosalind is doing this just for show?” 
Steven frowned in confusion. “But why did she make such a risky move? Wasn’t she going to marry Justin soon? Did Justin think twice about marrying her? Is that why she’s threatening him with her life?” 
Bella felt frustrated. “Who knows? Maybe he has his eye on someone else now that he’s about 
to marry Rosalind. He thinks that the grass is always greener on the other side anyway. He’s a ruthless man, so I won’t be surprised if he abandons her.” 
“That’s true. But I still hope they can get married smoothly. That way, they can rot together and stop harming others.”
Steven ground his teeth angrily and asked, “Who do you think sent the attacker? Shannon? But she’s still in detention with Mr. Axel, so she shouldn’t have time to arrange these things.” 
Bella’s eyes gradually turned gloomy. “That man is a martial artist. Judging by his boxing and kicking skills, I think he’s from an underground boxing ring. He has no technique, but he knows very practical killing moves. Shannon has no time to plan this, and Bethany doesn’t have the chance to meet such a person. Only Rosalind meets all the criteria. She used to live in Meridan for three years. Axel had done a background check on her before. Her interpersonal relationships were very complicated. She had affairs with multiple men. Maybe this simple- minded brute is one of them, and she used him to do her dirty work.” 
Steven’s eyes trembled. He felt that Bella’s analysis made a lot of sense. 
“As for the reason this man attacked me, I have no clue. Instead of playing the guessing game here, we might as well ask him tomorrow.” 
Bella suddenly remembered something and leaned forward. “By the way, did you leak this news to my eldest brother?” 
Steven sighed helplessly. “I wouldn’t disobey your order. I didn’t reveal a word to Mr. Asher.” 
“Phew… That’s good.” 
As soon as she finished speaking, Bella’s phone rang. 
Asher’s name on the screen made Bella’s hair stand on end. Her eyes widened in fear. 
She hurriedly put her phone aside, not daring to answer it. 
Soon after, Steven’s phone rang. However, he dared not reject his boss’s call!
“Hi, Mr. Thompson.” Steven forced himself to calm down. 
“Get Bella to answer the phone.” 
Steven did not put the phone on speaker mode, but Asher’s voice was deep and resounding, which made Bella’s eyelids twitch.
###chapter257
Steven replied, “Ms. Bella has gone to bed, Mr. Thompson…” 
“Steven, you’re becoming more ballsy now, huh? Are you starting to collude with Bella to deceive me?” 
Asher rarely showed his temper, but he was intimidating when he was furious. “I won’t repeat myself. Get Bella to answer the phone. Otherwise, you will no longer be her secretary by dawn.” Bella’s heart was beating like a drum. She was terrified. She quickly took over the phone, put it to her ear, and said in a sweet voice, “Ash…” 
Asher took a deep breath to suppress some kind of emotion and said in a deep voice, “Bella, come out now. I have something to ask you.” 
Bella walked out of the villa’s door with a worried heart. 
Under the dim street lights, Asher stood in front of his black Aston Martin with a stern face. 
His elegant gray suit made him look more solemn. The shadow of his long legs under the street light was fascinating. 
What a handsome big brother! However, at this moment, Bella panicked when she saw him. She was like a troublemaking student going to see the principal. 
“Ash…” Bella walked up to Asher in small steps and pursed her red lips in fear. 
“It’s cold at night. Let’s talk in the car.” 
Without another word, Asher took off his suit jacket, wrapped it around Bella’s thin body, and pushed her into the car.
They sat in the backseat of the car. Finally, Asher could not hold it back any longer. He held her shoulders and asked urgently. “Where did that man hurt you?!” 
“My arm…” 
Bella did not dare to lie anymore. She lowered her eyelids and felt like a child who had made a mistake. 
Asher’s handsome face turned pale. He touched her slender forearms and slowly rolled sleeves with shaky breaths. 
up 
her 
The snow-white gauze came into view. Asher’s eyes instantly turned red. 
“It’s okay, Ash. It’s nothing serious. It doesn’t even hurt anymore.” Bella hurriedly explained for fear that her brother would be worried. 
Asher put down her sleeves again and held her slightly cold hand. 
Asher’s grip was so tight that Bella’s fingers turned red. She lowered her head in 
embarrassment and guilt. “I’m sorry, Ash. I shouldn’t have hidden this from you. But I think I can handle this by myself. I just didn’t want you to worry about me.” 
After a crushing silence, Asher said word for word, “He will die for hurting my sister.” 
Bella’s pupils shrank. Her heart clenched.
Her eldest brother had been a saint for so long. At this moment, he seemed to have returned to the days when he was revered as the king of the underworld-“The Matrix”. 
“Ash, I know you want to avenge me, but you promised me before…” 
Bella hugged him and nuzzled her cheek against his heaving chest. “That when you come back to me, you will turn over a new leaf. You promised not to touch those things in the past. That guy is just a hitman. It won’t do anything if we burn him to ashes. The mastermind is still at large! Our family has always been good at seizing opportunities. Since we have such a great pawn, it’ll be a waste not to use it to its fullest potential, don’t you think?” 
The murderous intent in Asher’s eyes gradually subsided. He took a deep breath and reached out to the passenger seat with his long arm. He picked up a brown paper bag and handed it to Bella. 
“Open it and take a look.” 
Bella blinked, took out the documents inside, and was startled to see the contents. “This is…” “Steven told me about that man a long time ago. He was more anxious than you to find out who that man is, so he took a shortcut and asked me for help.” 
Asher suppressed the anger surging in his deep eyes. “But that punk didn’t tell me about your injury. Hah! He really knows how to avoid responsibility!” 
Bella thought, ‘Steven is such a loud mouth! I should start calling him Loose-lipped Lovett.’ “I told him not to tell you, so don’t blame him.” Although Bella was complaining about Steven, he was her secretary after all, so she still had to speak up for him. 
“If he does this one more time, I will make sure he goes back to his own family business. No one can tell me otherwise.” Asher was stern and intimidating.
Bella pursed her little mouth and kept quiet. 
She was not even afraid of her father, but she was terrified of her eldest brother when he was angry. She would immediately turn into an obedient puppy. 
Bella carefully looked through the stranger’s details in the file. 
Suddenly, her beautiful eyes widened, and she exclaimed, “It’s him?!”
###chapter258
The man’s name was Memphis. Asher’s file contained a detailed background check on the man and even a plastic surgery report. 
This man had undergone full-face plastic surgery. 
Bella was shocked to see the man’s original face before plastic surgery. She recognized him as Rosalind’s fitness trainer-cum-lover in Meridan because Axel had shown Bella his social media account before. 
“That’s him! The man who groped Rosalind!” 
Bella was so excited that she told Asher everything. 
After all, the photo of Rosalind being groped had left a deep impression on her. 
Asher coughed lightly, frowned, and laughed. “Bella, watch your words.” 
“I’m right!” 
Bella gritted her teeth and smiled slyly. “Oh, I knew it! It’s definitely Rosalind!” 
Asher’s eyes suddenly turned cold and filled with overwhelming anger. “Before, I thought that woman was just jealous and only capable of playing some small tricks. I didn’t expect her to be so ruthless. I really underestimated her.” 
“But it’s strange. Why would this man undergo full-face plastic surgery?” 
Bella curled her red lips and teased, “Why did he have to lose his face after being with Rosalind?” 
“Continue reading the file.” Asher reminded her with a doting smile on his face.
Bella flipped through the pages. It was a debt contract from a casino. 
“Hah! I didn’t expect him to be a gambler. He owes quite a sum too… $5 million…” 
Asher said calmly, “He’s in debt. The casinos, banks, and loan sharks are all looking for him, so he went for full-face plastic surgery to renege on his debt.” 
Bella suddenly had an epiphany. Everything came together at once, and she understood the 
whole situation. 
“This man was short on money, so out of desperation, he went to extort Rosalind. After all, Rosalind was the fiancée of Salvador Corporation’s president, which equated to a human ATM. Through her, he could get whatever she wanted.” 
“Then Rosalind took advantage of this man’s greed and requested another condition.” 
Asher’s breathing was heavy. He stretched out his long arms to pull his sister into his embrace 
in a protective stance. His eyes were bloodshot. “That condition is to hurt you.’ 
“I guess this idiotic couple didn’t communicate well enough. Rosalind was planning to ‘die’ 1 
the day that man attacked me.” 
Suddenly, Bella looked at Asher with admiration. “But it has only been a few hours since the incident. How did you find out everything so soon? You even have this man’s debt contract. 
You’re like a god!” 
“It’s a coincidence.”
Asher narrowed his eyes slightly and stroked his sister’s soft hair. “The casino in Meridan that he frequents was one of the places I controlled, so I still have my people there. It’s just a matter of words checking on someone.” 
Bella was so shocked that she could not close her gaping mouth. 
She gasped and thought, “The Matrix is so cool!’ 
Gregory blocked the news of Rosalind’s attempted suicide from leaking to prevent any damage to Salvador Corporation’s reputation. 
In the study, the Salvador father and son once again fell into a stalemate. 
“Justin, things have already gotten to this point. The only way to resolve this is for you and Rose to get married as soon as possible!” 
Gregory gave Justin an ultimatum. His tone was authoritative and stern. “Isn’t that what you wanted? Since there is no time to hold a wedding ceremony, we can host an engagement ceremony first. We should get it done as soon as possible to prevent more trouble from arising.” 
“I will find a way to get her out of this depressive episode.” 
Justin felt suffocated, but his eyes were resolute. “But I can’t marry her.” 
“What did you say?!” 
Gregory’s eyes widened in anger. “You were the one who insisted on Rosalind back then! You even divorced Ms. Thompson without telling everyone just so you could marry Rosalind as soon as possible! Now you have abandoned your ex-wife and forced your current fiancée into depression. What the hell are you thinking?! How could you break your promise and be so heartless?! You’re nothing like me!”
Justin sneered. His mocking eyes pierced through Gregory.
###chapter259
Gregory said, “What are you laughing at? Do you think what I said is funny?!” 
“Yes.” 
“Justin! You’re so impudent!” Gregory’s eyes were red with anger as he slapped the table angrily. 
“Instead of asking me to marry her, you might as well just say it’s to restore the company’s image. That way, I’ll commend you for your frankness. But you want to talk about character, so I can only say that the apple doesn’t fall far from the tree.” Justin furrowed his eyebrows and bluntly exposed Gregory. 
There was bitter ridicule in his laugh. 
Justin did not know if he was laughing at Gregory or himself. 
“What did you say?!” Gregory was stunned. The muscles around his eyes twitched. 
“I wanted to marry the Rose that I grew up with. Now, I can no longer convince myself to marry the person she has grown up to be.” 
Justin lowered his long eyelashes. “But she did save my life. If it weren’t for her, I wouldn’t have been alive today. So to repay her, I will be with her during her depressive phase and wait for her to get better before I formally break up with her.” 
“You… You want to break up with Rosalind?!” Gregory thought he had misheard, so he asked again. 
“Yes.” This time, Justin spoke without hesitation. 
“Rosalind suffers from severe depression and attempted suicide because you postponed the wedding! If you break up with her, you’ll just force her to die! How can she endure this emotional turmoil?!”
Gregory was so furious that he wanted to spit fire. 
“That’s why I won’t mention it for now. When she is rehabilitated, I will mention the breakup to her.” Justin’s eyes were cold and dead. He had already made up his mind. 
Gregory was so shocked that his pupils shrank. He slowly sat back on the leather chair and looked at him probingly. “Are you breaking up with Rose because you fell in love with Bella Thompson?” 
Justin felt his heart tremble, but he blurted out without thinking, “I don’t like her.” 
“Hah! You are my son. Although you didn’t grow up under my care, you still have my blood flowing in your veins. I know you better than that!” 
Gregory narrowed his sharp eyes and smiled mockingly. “After your grandfather’s birthday party that night, you were so reluctant to part with Bella when Wyatt picked her up. I even heard that you brought her home and humiliated Rose in front of her. Justin, you have never been so indecisive since you were young. If you didn’t want something, you wouldn’t even look at it. Why do you keep giving in to Bella and showing her mercy at every turn? How could you deny liking her?” 
“I’ll say it one last time. Our breakup has nothing to do with Bella.” 
Justin suddenly stood up. His eyes were red, and his veins were bulging along his long neck. He looked so pale. “Even if it’s not Bella, but someone else, Rose shouldn’t stir up trouble and accuse an innocent party.” 
“That’s all because she loves you! If she doesn’t care about you and only cares about your identity and power, why would she go to trouble Bella? Women get jealous easily. The more they care, the easier it is for them to get emotional. What’s more, Bella has been married to you for three years. Isn’t it normal that Rosalind feels threatened by Bella?”
When Gregory said this, he suddenly thought of Shannon. 
At that time, Shannon was also like Rosalind. She loved to cry, make trouble, and crawl into his arms coquettishly. When they were intimate, she would be sweet and affectionate. He gradually became obsessed with her, so much so that he could not extricate himself. 
To Gregory, this was what love was. He thought that Rosalind must be so in love with Justin that she would risk her life for him, just to keep his heart. 
It was just like what Shannon did to Gregory. 
“Bella loved me once too.” 
After saying these words, Justin felt as if a nail had been pierced through his throat. “In the three years she and I were married, she never hurt anyone. When did love become a reason to slander and hurt others unscrupulously?” 
He stopped talking to Gregory, turned around, and walked straight to the door. 
“Justin! Are you going to let our company…’ 
}} 
“Don’t worry. The company is not yours alone. Even if I don’t marry Rosalind, I will jeopardize the company.”
###chapter260
Justin walked out of the study with a pale face. His chest was so tight that he was about to suffocate. 
He found that Bella was like a scar seared in his heart. He did not dare to touch it because the slightest touch hurt so much that his body might fall apart. 
However, what he dared not recall was the fact that Bella had once loved him. 
Justin was proud by nature. When he was poor and hungry as a child, he never begged for money or humbled himself. 
He and Bella were like gamblers at the betting table who were fighting for not money but dignity. 
Justin must never admit that he was the loser in this bet. 
“Mr. Salvador.” Ian hurriedly walked up to him. “I have three things to report to you.” 
“What is it?” Justin forced himself to calm down. A thin layer of sweat broke out on his forehead. 
“The first thing is that Ms. Gold has woken up, but she’s not in the right state of mind. She keeps shouting to see you.” 
Justin’s eyes darkened. “The second one?” 
“The chairman has found a very powerful lawyer for Shannon, who will be released early tomorrow morning. I found out that her cousin Zephyr had taken all the blame. Shannon is getting away unscathed.” Ian lowered his voice and sounded a little upset. 
“What’s that lawyer’s name?” Justin frowned coldly.
“His name is Hunter Lovett. 
Justin was shocked. Gregory was indeed a veteran to be able to hire Hunter Lovett, the top attorney in the country, to represent Shannon. 
Ian took a step closer to Justin and continued, “What’s interesting is that Hunter Lovett is actually the eldest brother of the young madam’s loyal secretary, Steven Lovett. He’s actually the third son of the Lovett family! What a small world!” 
Justin’s dark eyes flashed with surprise. 
Although the Lovett family was not a wealthy family, they were extremely famous in the legal circle. Steven’s father, Neil Lovett, was a well-known judge in the country. He was revered as the “god of justice” in legal and political circles. Neil had three sons. His eldest son, Hunter, served as a legal consultant for two large conglomerates. He had won numerous high-profile lawsuits domestically and abroad and had never been defeated. Neil’s second son, Clarence, followed his father’s legacy and became a strict judge. 
Neil’s youngest son, Steven, seemed mediocre, but his resume was astonishing. 
After graduating from high school, Steven went to Savrow University of Political Science and Law on scholarship and became the youngest person at Savrow University to achieve a doctorate in law. He was a man of the hour in college. He could rely on his looks to earn a 
living, but he still got a full scholarship and ranked first in every course. He was nicknamed ” Aces”. 
However, such a rare talent willingly became Bella’s secretary, who took care of her daily life like a male nanny. 
Bella was truly surrounded by hidden talents.
Justin could not help but feel bitterness in his heart. He said solemnly, “It’s only a matter of time before Shannon is released. But it doesn’t matter. There is no way she can join the board of directors now.” 
“The young madam is so amazing to be able to strike down that witch in one blow! Hehe… Mr. Salvador, it’s all thanks to the young madam that we have gotten a bargain this time!” Ian rubbed his hands happily. 
Justin looked at him coldly. His handsome face darkened as he said, “If you admire her so much, why don’t you work for her?” 
Ian was speechless. 
“In the past, I won many battles, but you never got so excited. Think clearly about who pays your salary.” 
Ian kept quiet. 
“What’s the third thing?” 
“Oh! I found the man who was with the young madam last night. It’s really quite shocking to find out his identity!” Ian was creating suspense again. 
Justin’s eyes suddenly darkened. His voice was hoarse. “Who is he?” 
“He’s Christopher Iverson, the fourth and youngest son of Iverson Group’s chairman. He has been living in Sentania and just returned to Savrow a few days ago.” 
Christopher Iverson from the Iverson Group? 
Justin’s heart twitched, and his charming eyes were gloomy.
There were millions of projects in Savrow, and Iverson Group owned half of them. In Savrow, there was a saying in the business community that the south was owned by the Salvadors, while the north was owned by the Iversons. 
The two families had hundreds of billions of dollars in assets and were separated by a deep river. They seemed to be in harmony with each other, but in fact, they were at odds and had never stopped.
###chapter261
Long ago, Justin had heard about the extensive collaboration between the KS Group and the Iverson Group in several major projects both domestically and internationally. The leaders of the two companies had a deep personal relationship, having known each other for over twenty 
years. 
So, did Bella and Christopher know each other since long ago? 
They were so close, as if there was no room for others in their eyes. Presumably, they were childhood sweethearts, inseparable from each other. 
Ian sighed with envy in his eyes. “Well, it’s not hard to understand. Young Madam’s family background is extraordinary. She is the apple of Wyatt Thompson’s eye and a rare, 
unattainable gem!” 
“Look at her suitors. Each one is an exceptional individual. Just look at Neil Lovett’s youngest son. He’s only worthy of being a lackey for the young madam.” 
As he spoke, Ian pursed his lips and glanced at his boss. He could not help but feel sorry for Justin. Even though Justin was the president of Salvador Corporation and soon to become the deputy chairman of the board, all these achievements combined were not as impactful as the fact that Bella Thompson was his wife. 
If word got out, it would surely make countless men turn green with envy! 
Justin’s stern jawline tensed, and the veins on his forehead bulged. He raised his hand, supporting himself against the wall as his fingers slowly curled into a fist.
He thought to himself, ‘Christopher Iverson? Steven Lovett? What was that woman doing? Collecting men?!’ 
The man pinched his nose bridge. His voice trembled as he took a breath. “Ian, bring me my painkillers.” 
* 
As night fell, an emerald Rolls-Royce silently parked at the entrance of the “dungeons”. 
The so-called “dungeons” was a dilapidated building on the western outskirts of Savrow that KS Group had acquired in its early years. Despite its remote location, Wyatt Thompson had wild ambitions for the place. At the time, he heard through the grapevine that the western outskirts would be connected by subway in five years. He thought the building would skyrocket in value, so he bought it. 
Inside the unfinished building was a dark and damp basement. If someone were to be confined there, no one would be able to hear their cries. 
Since Asher knew about this matter, he could not possibly let his sister face it alone. So, he came along with Bella. 
“Mr. Asher, Ms. Bella.” Two guards standing outside bowed respectfully. 
“How is he?” Bella asked in a languid tone, dragging her words. 
“Still alive.” 
These two words carried a peculiar significance. 
Bella nodded satisfactorily, walking alongside her eldest brother down the stairs and into the basement. Upon entering, a musty smell hit them, and a mouse scurried past Bella’s feet.
However, she remained unfazed. She had experienced far worse conditions during her stint with Doctors Without Borders. 
In the dim and flickering light, a man was hung upside down in the center of the basement. His face was battered, bruised, and extremely red and swollen due to the prolonged inversion. 
Seeing the Thompson siblings, the man contorted his body like a silkworm. Tears and snot streamed down his face as he pleaded for mercy. “I was wrong… I’m sorry, Ms. Thompson! Spare me, please! I’ll do anything! Just let me live!” 
When he attacked them earlier, Bella thought this guy was quite good at acting tough. She thought he had a strong backbone, but it only took three days for him to reveal his true colors. 
Asher’s brows furrowed. As he started to move forward, Bella promptly held him back. 
“Ash, we agreed that I would handle this. You have to keep your word.” 
“Alright.” Asher took a deep breath to suppress his anger before taking a step back. 
Bella crossed her arms and calmly walked up to Memphis. Lifting her slender and well-toned leg, she used the pointed heel of her stilettos to kick the man’s shoulder. 
His body swung in mid-air, nearly making him vomit. 
“Ms. Thompson… I really didn’t know it was you… If I had known… How could I have listened to evil Rosalind’s instigation and attacked you?” 
Regret filled his heart as his tears overflowed from his eyes. “I’m willing to make amends… I’ll do anything! Please… Please spare my life! Even if it means going to jail!”
“If you want to stay alive, just answer a few questions for me.” Bella did not want to waste any time and got straight to the point. 
“Ask away! I will definitely tell you everything…” 
Bella Thompson’s beautiful eyes flashed with a cold light. “As Rosalind’s lover in the Meridan, 
you know if she has ever given birth?”
###chapter262
Asher’s eyes narrowed subtly as he shot Bella a deep, scrutinizing look. 
This younger sister of his was a real opportunist who did not play by the rules. 
A tiny gap was all she needed to flip the situation and catch her opponents off guard. 
Memphis’s face went rigid. He had not expected Bella to ask him about this! 
“Going by your expression, you definitely know something,” Bella said. Her gaze was cold and cynical. 
“I… I do,” Memphis stuttered, swallowing hard. His voice trembled as he confessed, ” Because… That child… Is mine and Rosalind’s…” 
Both of the Thompson siblings were left bewildered! 
Bella’s small hand clenched with excitement. Her gamble with the question paid off handsomely! 
“What’s the whole deal? Explain in detail,” Asher demanded, his voice icy and pressing. Memphis explained, “I… I used to work as a fitness coach at a high-end gym in Meridan. I met Rosalind when I was her personal trainer… And, well, things escalated. She was particularly alluring and was quite forward in seducing me. Over time, we ended up together.” 
Bella raised an intrigued eyebrow. “Go on. 
Memphis continued, “But we both had an unspoken understanding that our relationship was just a casual fling. Rosalind always had other men around her, and I was just one of them. Later, there was a time when we experimented with some drugs. She got high, and we didn’t use any contraceptives …
Even though she took a morning-after pill afterward, it isn’t 100% safe. Not long after, she found out she was pregnant.” 
Bella blinked and thought, ‘Well, well… Looks like Rosalind was even into drugs. The more you dig, the more surprises you find!’ 
She asked, “With Rosalind’s ruthless personality, she surely wouldn’t have kept the child. So why did she go through with the pregnancy?” 
“She claimed she had a naturally weak body and that she wouldn’t be able to conceive again if she got an abortion. She said no prestigious family would accept a barren daughter-in-law. So, she reluctantly went ahead and gave birth to the child,” Memphis explained. 
The topic of children has always been a sensitive one for Bella. This man’s words had clearly struck a chord of pain in her, but she quickly composed herself. Her voice was cold as she asked, “Where is that child now?” 
“I… I only know she’s in a welfare home in the southern province of Meridan. The girl is around two or three years old now… Apart from that, I know nothing else!” Memphis 
confessed. 
Memphis did not dare to conceal anything further. Unfortunately, he was heartless and had never once bothered to visit his daughter. He could only provide this limited information after racking his brain for details. 
“Hah! People like you are the greatest insult to all parents in the world,” Asher angrily declared. “That is your child, and you just discard her like trash without caring to check up on her?”
“Well, it’s not like we completely don’t care… I heard Rosalind’s mother has been privately keeping tabs on my daughter. After all, the moment the child was born, Rosalind’s mother took her away. That woman must know where my daughter is!” Memphis could not bear to be tormented again, so he revealed another crucial piece of information. 
Bella’s bright eyes flickered with determination, having made up her mind about something. She turned to look at her eldest brother. 
As if with an unspoken understanding, Asher also looked at her. When the siblings locked eyes, they understood each other without saying anything. 
At that moment, the door to the basement opened, and a bodyguard hastily entered, holding Memphis’s phone. 
“Miss, there’s an incoming call,” the bodyguard reported. 
With a cold glance at the screen, Bella took the phone and asked, “Who is Ashley?” 
Memphis flinched and swallowed hard, wiping his nose. “It’s… Rosalind…” 
“Answer it. You talk to her,” Bella instructed. 
Bella leaned down, extending the phone toward him with a frosty gaze. “No tricks, no nonsense. Act like nothing happened. Don’t alert her.” 
Memphis nodded frantically, obedient as a dog. 
He answered the call. “Hello, Ashley. Why are you calling so late? Did you miss me?” 
“Don’t flatter yourself.” Rosalind paused and asked in a low voice, “You haven’t caused me any trouble lately, have you? I told you not to act impulsively and to wait for my instructions. You haven’t messed
things up, right?” 
Memphis could only grit his teeth and say, “No, since you didn’t give the signal, I didn’t dare to act recklessly.” 
Bella lowered her long lashes, a faint smirk playing on her lips.
###chapter263
Memphis had taken matters into his own hands. He made a move on Bella behind Rosalind’s back, which ultimately led them to their current predicament because he was in dire need of funds. He wanted to quickly resolve this issue to claim a reward from Rosalind. 
What a horrible teammate! 
Rosalind declared, “Don’t do anything to Bella until I give you the green light. The situation has improved now that I’ve regained Justin’s trust. Gregory has even agreed to our marriage, so we should be announcing our engagement soon.” 
Asher thought, ‘Engagement?’ 
His concerned gaze shifted towards his sister. Bella remained indifferent. Her eyes narrowed as she let out a casual yawn. Asher could not help but smile when he saw his sister’s nonchalant response. 
Memphis asked, “Well, now that Justin and you are all sorted, what about the $5 million…?” Growing irritated, Rosalind retorted dismissively, “Why are you so impatient?!” 
She snapped, “Is it really necessary for you to rush me for that small amount of money? I will wire you $50,000 first. Go ahead and waste it all. Once Justin and I have finalized everything and the engagement ceremony is wrapped up, I’ll transfer the balance to you.” 
Memphis asked, “Do I still need to take action against Bella?” 
“Make sure she gets what she deserves,” Rosalind replied, brimming with malice. “She has made my life so unbearable. I want the rest of her days to be an endless loop of misery. Even if I can’t leave her crippled… I want to ruin that seductive face of hers!”
The call ended, leaving Memphis visibly shaken by Rosalind’s spiteful words. In contrast, Bella remained composed and poised, displaying her remarkable mental resilience. 
“You’ve done well. I’ll contact you if necessary,” Bella calmly stated. 
At that moment, Bella’s phone rang. It was Steven. She answered it while turning to leave the underground basement. 
As Bella left, the atmosphere turned ominous. Memphis’ eyes widened in terror as Asher approached him. 
Asher was exuding a chill, like he had just come from hell. 
He narrowed his eyes and bent down slowly. 
Then he produced a silver cross dagger from his suit. Its blade caught the cold light in the basement, flickering with an eerie gleam. It was as if he would cut off Memphis’ head in the next second. 
Though Asher made no immediate move, Memphis was petrified, as if he had seen the grim 
reaper. 
Asher calmly said, “My sister’s arm was injured because of you. 
Memphis stuttered, “I… I’m sorry…”. 
Asher shook his head as he slowly closed his eyes and prayed. “Merciful Lord, please forgive my transgressions. Everything I have done is for the one I love.” 
Within seconds, a wretched scream echoed in the dungeons as Asher severed the tendon on Memphis’ hand.
In an empty field, Steven stood alone, waiting. His clear and smooth face was now haggard and pale with exhaustion 
“Steve, why did you come?” Bella asked with concern as she noticed his pale complexion. 
Steven looked at Bella with a heavy heart. He muttered with a trembling voice, “Ms. Bella, I’m sorry…”
###chapter264
“Steve, what’s wrong?” Bella asked with concern. Her eyes widened as she saw his disheveled figure. Steven, who was usually composed, stood in front of her with swollen eyes and pale lips, looking extremely pitiful. 
Asher asked, “Is this about Shannon?” 
Asher walked up from behind Bella, wiping his hands with a handkerchief. Bella looked over and was surprised to find bloodstains on it. Bella sighed at the realization that her brother had once again taken matters into his own hands, robbing her of the opportunity to showcase her talents. 
“Sorry… I’m really sorry!” Steven bowed. His apology echoed in the tense air. 
Puzzled, Bella glanced at her phone as it rang. Axel’s name lit up the screen. 
Bella answered, “Axel?” 
“Bella, Shannon left my place just a few moments ago.” Axel’s tone was tinged with helplessness and self-blame. 
He continued, “My team has been actively gathering evidence of Shannon’s abuse of and bribery for the past few days. Unfortunately, it seems she was well-prepared. All the evidence now points to Zephyr Quarry.” 
power 
Axel added, “Gregory had hired Hunter Lovett, a skilled lawyer known for playing dirty and exploiting every loophole. Since we were lacking evidence, we had no choice but to release Shannon.”
Bella replied, “It’s okay, Axel. You’ve done your best. Besides, we’ve achieved our primary goal. What truly matters is that the project in Baxim remains under our control. We can discuss the rest in due course.” 
Bella was not as anxious as the men around her. Each one of them seemed ready to skin 
Shannon alive. 
While Shannon was undoubtedly despicable, Bella understood a fundamental principle that haste often led to mistakes. Gregory’s infatuation with Shannon meant that he would spare no effort to save his wife. It was not worth it to escalate the conflict between the two conglomerates over a project. 
Axel continued, “By the way, Bella, Steven already called me. The poor guy was almost in tears. Please let him know that this matter has nothing to do with him at all.” 
Axel sighed. “He’s overthinking it for your sake. He was afraid you’d be upset, so he burdened himself excessively.” 
Bella replied, “Alright…” 
Upon ending the call, Bella seemed to have grasped the situation. She looked at Steven with complicated emotions and said, “Steve…” 
Steven reproached himself. His eyes were red. “Ms. Bella, this is my family’s fault. I am willing to bear any punishment.”. 
Steven found out today that his brother, Hunter Lovett, had taken on Shannon’s case. He was 
so angry that he ran to Hunter’s law firm and had a heated argument with Hunter at the office.
-“Our father was upright and incorruptible. During his tenure, he offended countless people, so as soon as he retired, our enemies started targeting our family and seeking revenge against our father, attempting to frame us for injustice. If it wasn’t for Chairman Salvador coming to our aid at that time and hiring our father as the legal advisor so that the conglomerate could protect us, how could our parents have enjoyed their retirement? How could your law firm have become so successful?! Now that Ms. Bella is going against Shannon, how can you represent the Salvadors and help Shannon escape charges?! Isn’t this betraying their trust for personal gain?!” 
Steven and Hunter had not argued for over two decades, but this time, Steven was putting his foot down for Bella’s sake. 
“The Thompsons have been kind to us, but that doesn’t mean our whole family is indebted to them! Besides, our father has successfully won numerous lawsuits for Wyatt Thompson over the years. Any gratitude owed has already been repaid. I am a professional lawyer. To me, everyone is a potential client. As long as it’s a case I can handle, I will take it on. It has nothing to do with any ties to the Salvadors or the Thompsons. Instead, look at you! Our parents painstakingly raised you, provided you with the best education, and invested 
considerable effort to see you succeed and achieve greatness, not to have you become a lackey for the Thompsons!” 
Hunter’s words pierced Steven’s heart. Despite his heart belonging to Bella, the weight of his family’s expectations held him captive. He felt unworthy to face Bella again. 
Bella asked, “Steve, what are you saying?” 
Bella’s brow furrowed as she approached him with a tender smile.
She placed her hands on his trembling shoulders and gave him a reassuring pat on the shoulder. “Don’t blame yourself, and let’s not allow this incident to sour our relations with your family. Shannon isn’t worth the trouble. Why should we let it cast a shadow on our families and dampen our spirits?” 
“Ms. Bella…” Steven’s voice broke, heavy with guilt. 
Bella interjected. “I completely understand why Hunter is taking on Shannon’s case. No hard feelings.” 
Bella’s gaze remained unwavering as she spoke earnestly, “Professionals should stick to their duties, especially lawyers, who must remain impartial. If Hunter has been hired by the Salvador family under suitable conditions, he should handle their case professionally. I’m confident that if we need legal assistance in the future, your family will be there, right?” 
Steven nodded shyly and lowered his gaze. 
The three of them got into the car. Asher held Bella’s hand, gently caressing her palm as he asked, “Bella, what are your plans moving forward?”
###chapter265
Bella said, “To find Rosalind’s illegitimate daughter, we will lure them out of hiding.” 
Her eyes shined with a subtle gleam. “Memphis let it slip that only Rosalind’s mother knows the whereabouts of that child. So, I say we get Jean to lead us straight to her, sparing us the need for our own investigation.” 
Asher chuckled softly and asked with a mysterious smile. “What about Rosalind? How are you going to handle her?” 
Bella’s expression turned cryptic. “If you want to bring someone down, you’ve got to make them lose it- drive them mad.” 
Bella let out a yawn as she rubbed her eyes. With a hint of weariness in her voice, she said, She’s almost getting engaged to Justin, right? If we don’t let her bask in the limelight, how can we crush her?” 
Asher’s heart stirred as he looked back on the situation. He added, “Speaking of Justin, this guy is truly blind.” 
Bella scoffed. “It doesn’t matter if he’s blind or not. I’ve realized my worth. A guy with such flaws doesn’t matter to me anymore.” 
Suddenly, Bella’s eyes widened as she remembered something. She swiftly took out her phone and navigated to the gallery, revealing a series of photos she had secretly taken of Christopher. 
Bella asked, “Ash, take a look at this person. Do you recognize him?” Her voice was tinged with a mix of curiosity and excitement.
Bella added, “The day Memphis almost got the best of me, this gentleman stepped in just in time. That’s why I only ended up with minor injuries.” 
Asher was surprised. “Really? Well, you should express your gratitude to him properly.” 
Bella said, “He’s being all mysterious, though.” 
She continued with a playful smile on her lips, “I asked him about his identity, but he wouldn’t tell me who he is. What’s more intriguing is that he actually knows who I am!” 
The image of Christopher’s handsome, chiseled face popped up in her mind. She was getting increasingly curious. 
Under her gentle, youthful exterior, Bella harbored a strong desire for control. She disliked the notion of anything or anyone slipping through her fingers. 
Asher leaned in, carefully examining the man in the photo. 
Suddenly, his eyes widened in recognition, and he looked at Bella with an astonished gaze. 
Asher’s tone carried disbelief as he asked, “Bella, do you really not recognize him?” 
“Huh?” Bella was bewildered. “Should I know him?” 
“When you were little, I distinctly remember that the two of you had a good relationship.” 
“What?!” Bella exclaimed, her surprise and skepticism evident. She scrutinized the photo and tried hard to recall her memories. 
He seemed somewhat familiar, but the memory eluded her at that moment.
Asher continued, “Christopher, from the Iverson family. When he was little, he was a bit introverted and didn’t like to talk. You were the only one who was willing to play with him. Have you really forgotten?” 
Bella was struck by the realization. “He’s Critter?!” 
She exclaimed in disbelief, “Wow, what kind of food did he take to have grown so tall?!” 
Late at night, Christopher’s private club was vibrant. 
Under the hazy lights, people were having a grand time. Laughter, clinking glasses, and the occasional passionate kiss filled the air. 
Amidst this lively scene, Christopher sat alone in a quiet corner, giving off an air of elegance and poise. 
His presence seemed to discourage any woman from approaching. He was infamous for being cold, surly, and mysophobic. He was not an easy person to please, and no one dared provoke him for fear of disappearing from Savrow. 
A somewhat tipsy guy stumbled towards Christopher and said, “I can’t make it to our yacht party in two days.” 
The man leaned unsteadily against Christopher. Frustration etched his face as he continued, ‘ My father wants me to go on a blind date… Burp! What the fuck, right?! Who the hell gets married in their twenties anyway? Only Justin Salvador wants to settle down quickly.” 
Christopher sipped some red wine and calmly responded, “If you don’t want to go, then just say no.” 
“But I can’t!” The man tugged at his tie in annoyance. “The one I’m set up with is the daughter of the richest man in Hatchbay, Wyatt Thompson! What’s her name? Bel-‘ 
Christopher gasped. His eyes flashed, and he quickly said, “I have a perfect solution.”
The man was eager to know. “Tell me more!” 
Christopher finished his glass of wine. The shifting lights shadowed his facial features, giving him an eerie and mysterious allure. 
He proposed, “Why don’t you go to the yacht party? And I’ll go on the blind date on your behalf.”
###chapter266
Nearly a week later, Shannon finally emerged from the prosecutor’s office, looking visibly fatigued. Stripped of the high-end cosmetics, she appeared pale and haggard, as if she had aged a decade. Several strands of white hair had even appeared. 
To avoid the swarm of reporters, Shannon could not bring herself to return home in this ghostly state. She feared that Gregory might catch sight of her like this, causing her carefully maintained image to fall apart. 
Sensing her concern, Bethany accompanied Shannon to a beauty salon first, where she washed up before venturing out to face the world. 
As they left the salon, Shannon said, “Let’s not go home just yet. Let’s go see Rosalind.” 
She adjusted her hair in the mirror with a gloomy expression and continued, “After all, she is my niece. Having risked half her life, I can’t afford not to care. I must uphold my kind and benevolent image for your father.” 
Shannon thought to herself, ‘A meticulously crafted persona for 25 years-it absolutely must not unravel!’ 
Bethany said, “Mom! Rosalind actually resorted to suicide!” 
Although Bethany harbored a dislike for Rosalind, the memory of that blood-soaked bathroom still haunted her. “Let’s not even talk about whether Justin will fall for her fake suffering. If her scheme went awry and nobody discovered it in time, she might lose her life. She’s truly ruthless, even to herself!” 
“Heh, how could anyone not discover it in time?” Shannon said with a playful smile as she put away her mirror.
Bethany was momentarily stunned before a sudden realization dawned on her. She gasped. ” Mom! Did you already know…” 
Shannon immediately lifted her index finger to her lips, signaling for Bethany to not say another word. 
It was Shannon’s idea to arouse Justin’s sympathy by attempting suicide. Back then, she had used a similar strategy, leveraging it to evoke Gregory’s sympathy. It granted her entry into the Salvador family, paving the way for the life she enjoys today. 
Justin had also suffered from depression, and it was Rosalind who supported him through that challenging period. Triggering the past trauma would naturally bring back memories of Rosalind’s virtues. Despite the significant risk involved, the potential rewards were even more considerable. 
“Even if Rosalind isn’t an ideal candidate, I can’t allow any possibility of a reunion between Justin and that wretched woman, Bella!” 
Shannon had endured a lot these past few days dealing with the prosecution, and the mere thought of Bella made her clench her fists. “Bella, how dare you play games with me? I swear, I will fight you to the end! I won’t let you get away with it!” 
Shannon added, “The Thompson family might be formidable in Hatchbay, but that’s just a small town. In Savrow, the Salvador family has the final say.” 
Bethany said with resentment, “We’ll have plenty of chances in the future to deal with that wretched woman!” She was determined to take revenge on Bella for throwing the slippers in her face that day. 
Just as Shannon approached the hospital room’s door, she learned that both Gregory and Justin were inside. Shannon put on a facade of a virtuous wife and loving mother. She entered the room as tears streamed down her face.
“Rosalind! My dearest Rosalind! Why would you contemplate something so drastic and do such a foolish thing?” 
In the presence of the two men, Shannon embraced Rosalind and sobbed uncontrollably.” Why must the women in our family endure such misfortune? Framed and tormented by others… If this continues, I won’t be able to endure it any longer.” 
“Aunt Shannon, please don’t be like this…” Rosalind wept and skillfully played the role of a distressed victim. 
Jean, who was in the room, joined in on their act. The hospital turned into a scene reminiscent of a funeral. 
Meanwhile, Justin silently observed them. His face was devoid of any emotion. Rosalind sneakily glanced at him, but the man’s indifference sent shivers down her spine. In the past, whenever she cried, he would always be the first to come and comfort her with soothing words. 
But now, all that tenderness seemed to have vanished. The affection that once belonged to her was gradually slipping away, and all this was thanks to Bella! 
The three women embraced each other in tears, and Gregory’s brow remained deeply furrowed. 
Gregory said solemnly, “Shannon, Justin, come over here. I have something to say.” 
A few moments later, in the reception room, Shannon gasped, “Greg!”
###chapter267
Tears streamed down Shannon’s cheeks, she stared at Gregory with pitiful eyes and said, “I thought I would never see you again. These past few days have been like a living hell for me! I was so scared, Greg…” 
Gregory sympathized with Shannon. He could see that his beloved wife was in distress. 
However, with a heap of troubles that accumulated over the past few days, he lacked the mood to comfort her. 
Just then, the television mounted on the wall began broadcasting the news, capturing their attention. 
Much to their surprise, the news showed the signing ceremony of the collaboration between Asher, president of the KS Group, and the project leaders of the Baxim development, including Mayor Solloway. In the footage, Asher exchanged contracts with Mayor Solloway, warmly shaking hands. The flashing cameras below captured this significant moment. 
Justin stared at the screen intently. His grip tightened around the teacup, so much so that the veins on his forearm were bulging. His usually composed face turned frosty as a feeling of anger arose in his heart. 
At the same time, Gregory’s expression turned gloomy. He thought, ‘That bratty girl snatched away a perfectly good project!’ 
Shannon’s heart skipped a beat. She quickly hugged Gregory’s arm and complained bitterly.” This time, Bella has crossed the line! What did our family do to offend her? Not only did she snatch the project, but she also wanted to send me to jail! How can this woman be so ruthless? Throughout her three
years of marriage to Justin, the Salvador family treated her with kindness. How can she repay kindness with enmity?!” 
Upon hearing these accusations, Justin felt an unsettling discomfort. He calmly set down his teacup and said, “Is having Bella cook for you for the past three years your so-called kindness?” 
Shannon, filled with anger, clenched her teeth. “Bella made that choice voluntarily. No one forced her!” 
“Shannon.” Gregory, who had remained silent throughout the conversation, suddenly said, ” There’s something I need to tell you.” He continued, “The appointment letter has been issued. From now on, Justin will be the president of the Salvador Corporation and deputy chairman of the board. That’s final.” Gregory’s words exploded in her ears like thunder. 
“Greg… What are you saying? Why…” Shannon asked in shock. Her face turned pale in an 
instant. 
Gregory pursed his lips and chose to remain silent for a moment. 
Justin squinted, understanding the complex bond between them. Gregory found it difficult to speak on this matter, yet he was willing to shoulder the burden. 
Justin interjected, “You’re well aware of the reason, Aunt Shannon. A high-ranking executive who has just undergone a prosecutor’s investigation, carrying charges of bribery, abuse of power, and corruption-how could such an individual hold onto a pivotal role in the company? If this were to be public knowledge, the management of Salvador Corporation 
would become a laughingstock in the business circles of Savrow.” 
Shannon shouted, “Bella framed me! She used my cousin’s predicament to take revenge and set me up!”
Her eyes were bloodshot as she stood up abruptly. Driven by anger and distress, the world turned dark before her eyes. She exclaimed, “Zephyr orchestrated everything! He has already confessed to it! It has nothing to do with me! Why can’t I be the deputy chairman of the board?!” 
Justin smirked as he calmly stood up and left the room. He could not be bothered by the woman before him. Internally, Shannon was madly cursing Justin, ‘Bastard! That heartless bastard!’ 
She held on tightly to Gregory’s stiff arm and said, “Gregory! I’m innocent… I was 
manipulated by that little bitch, Bella! You promised me that position… How could you give it to him?” 
“Shannon, though I am the chairman of Salvador Corporation, it is a publicly listed company with shareholders and board members. It’s not solely my decision. In a situation like this, how can I still support you in taking that position?” 
Gregory took a deep breath, forcefully withdrawing his arm from her grip, and said, “Also, are you truly innocent?” 
“Gregory, are you doubting me? I’m your wife! We’ve been married for 25 years… You know what kind of person I am. How can you believe those rumors and gossip?” Shannon’s heart skipped a beat, attempting to mask her guilt. Gregory frowned and looked at her intensely. He said nothing and left. 
His gaze struck Shannon like a sharp bolt of lightning, piercing through her soul. She thought, ‘It’s over. After all the effort and schemes, everything is taken away from me!’
###chapter268
In the hospital room, Jean sat by Rosalind’s bedside while comforting her. 
“Your uncle has pulled quite a few strings and spent a significant amount of money to hire Hunter for your aunt’s release. It shows that your uncle cares about your aunt deeply.” 
Jean spoke with a cheerful tone. “Thanks to Shannon, your marriage with Justin seems almost certain! Didn’t he come to the hospital to visit you whenever he had some free time? He also spoke gently to you. The relationship between you two has clearly improved.” 
Jean’s face was brimming with joy at the thought of becoming the mother-in-law of the Salvador Corporation’s president soon. She asked, “You understand Justin’s temper better than I do. If he really disliked you, why would he bother coming to the hospital to accompany you?” 
“Although that’s true, I feel vaguely uneasy,” Rosalind replied, her uncertainty evident. 
Thinking of Justin’s cold and indifferent gaze, Rosalind could not help but feel apprehensive.” Even though he’s been with me these days and taking care of me, I just feel that he’s different from before.” 
Jean replied, “Alright now. Don’t scare yourself.” 
At that moment, the door swung open, and Justin walked in. 
Rosalind swiftly took on a frail appearance as if hanging between life and death, tearfully calling out, “Justin…” 
He approached her with a stoic expression. She reached out, hoping to touch him, but he unexpectedly stopped. Her hand lingered awkwardly in the air, and her pale cheeks flushed slightly in embarrassment.
“I have to go back to the office for some business. I’ll come to see you tonight.” Justin’s tone was still gentle, but with a chilly edge. 
“Justin, I’m sorry.” On the trouble… It’s all my fault.” 
verge of tears, Rosalind gazed at him tenderly. “I’ve caused 
you 
“Take care of yourself. Don’t overthink it.” After uttering these words, Justin turned and left the hospital room. Rosalind tightly gripped the bedsheet, holding back the words she wanted to say to him. The present Justin was not the same person who used to pamper and protect her. Sometimes, the way he looked at her made her feel uneasy. 
In a hurry, she signaled to Jean, who nodded and quickly chased after Justin. 
Jean called out. “Um… Justin!” 
Justin stopped in his tracks, giving Jean a cold glance before he asked, “Do you need something?” 
“In the past few days, you’ve seen Rosalind’s condition. When you’re around, she seems more clear- headed, but when you’re not, she’s practically tormented by depression. Rosalind has suffered a lot abroad, enduring all the hardships just to return to your side. If you give up on her, my 
child’s future will be ruined!” Jean wiped her tears with a handkerchief. 
Justin responded, “I’ll take responsibility for Rosalind’s illness. After all, she once saved my 
life.” 
With that, Justin turned and walked away. Jean was left standing in contemplation, a cold shiver gripping her heart.
In the days that followed, Bella found herself immersed in the hustle and bustle of organizing meetings with the senior management, striving to complete the wedding planning project to perfection. 
On this day, while deeply engrossed in discussions with the project team, she received an unexpected call from Wyatt. 
Bella answered, “Wyatt, I’m in the middle of something. What’s up?” She tilted her head, holding the phone between her cheek and shoulder while flipping through documents. 
‘Wyatt? Wyatt Thompson?!’ The lively atmosphere of the team shifted abruptly upon hearing that the chairman himself was on the line, causing everyone to hold their breath in 
anticipation. 
This was the kind of top-tier big shot that these ordinary folks could never dream of encountering their entire lives! 
In a low, abrupt tone, Wyatt said, “It’s time.” 
“Huh?” Bella was bewildered. 
Wyatt suddenly raised his voice and said, “It’s time for your blind date! You’d better go, or else!” Bella frowned in disapproval and moved the phone further away from her ears. 
As a result, everyone heard Wyatt’s words loud and clear. Every one of them was so shocked that their eyeballs seemed on the verge of popping out! 
‘Shocking news! The talented and elegant Bella, whose wealth could rival a nation’s, needs a matchmaker to find a partner?!’
###chapter269
Would regular people even have a chance of finding a partner if someone like Bella was having trouble finding one? 
“Wyatt, I’m in the middle of a meeting. Let’s discuss pointless topics in private.” Bella was exasperated. She rubbed her temples. 
“Pointless? How is choosing a life partner pointless to you?” Wyatt snorted in response. “I am not going to beat around the bush. Just one thing, do you think becoming CEO of KS Group is pointless?” 
Bella thought to herself, ‘That cunning old fox! He’s leveraging his position to put pressure on me! Did he learn such a manipulative technique from Justin?’ 
“Fine, I’ll go, but not today, as I have an important meeting later.” Bella seized every opportunity to find excuses and push it back. 
“Fine, go ahead and delay it, but you can’t delay it forever.” 
In her mind, Bella felt that Wyatt was belittling her. 
As the meeting continued, the air in the room grew tense. Everyone feared offending Bella, well aware of the potential consequences. 
When Bella went back to her office, she slumped onto the sofa in frustration, appearing completely drained of energy, as if all life had been sucked out of her. 
Steven, with a cup of coffee in hand, walked in and asked with concern, “Ms. Bella, is there a problem with the project?”
Bella complained, “Wyatt, that heartless old schemer!” 
Bella laid on the sofa, pouting her lips as she forcefully pounded the couch. She ranted, “I’ve managed to revamp this chaotic hotel and secure a billion-dollar project for KS Group. Yet he doesn’t appreciate my efforts and goes on to bring up the topic of arranged marriage!” 
To her annoyance, Bella added, “I wonder if Drew is recruiting people right now. Perhaps I ought to become a spy and let Wyatt be an empty nester!” 
“Ms. Bella, I know you are the most filial child. You also know that Chairman Thompson is getting older. As he gradually steps down, he needs his children around to care for him. I believe you will definitely stay with us and look after Chairman Thompson.” 
Steven’s clear eyes were filled with tenderness. He set down the coffee and sat beside Bella. ” Moreover, KS Group needs your strategic planning to grow and strive in Savrow. There are many people in the company who have been eyeing us, and internal struggles have never stopped. I’ve witnessed how Chairman Thompson has come this far over the years. Frankly, the pressure on him is immense. He doesn’t like being the chairman, but everything he does is to support the family.” 
Bella muttered, “Yes, I know that.” 
Bella let out a light sigh and casually kicked off her high heels, revealing her feet. Steven hesitated briefly before he grabbed a thin blanket and placed her delicate feet on his lap. He covered her legs with the blanket and started massaging Bella’s legs with a practiced hand. 
Apart from his mother, Steven had never wholeheartedly cared for anyone else. 
As Bella rested her eyes, she said, “I want to take on this responsibility so I can completely free Ash from his burden. Besides, I feel like I’m capable enough to do this.”
Not only did she have the capability, but Bella was also naturally ambitious and intrigued by power and politics. If it were not for her marriage with Justin, she would have long been the CEO of KS Group and made a name for herself. 
Bella thought to herself, ‘I have to work harder to catch up on all the time I wasted on that worthless man.’ 
Steven responded, “Ms. Bella, the blind date might not be a bad idea. Just think of it as making a new friend. The Chairman didn’t say that you must marry them. He just cares too much about you.” 
Steven reassured her, but deep down, he could not help but feel a twinge of jealousy. 
He knew from the beginning that he was unworthy of Bella. ‘How could I ever be good enough for the elegant and poised Bella Thompson?’ 
“You’re right. It’s just a blind date. Could it be scarier than going to the battlefield?” Bella smiled cunningly as her feet fidgeted under the blanket. She giggled. “He might have his strategies, but I’ve got my own plans.” 
Seeing Bella act like a mischievous little girl, Steven’s heart felt warm as he asked, “Ms. Bella, what ideas do you have now?” 
Bella stood up quickly and walked toward the desk with her bare feet. Steven knew how important it was for girls to keep their feet warm, so he hurriedly picked up her high heels and caught up to her. Steven kneeled beside her and urged gently. “Put your shoes on quickly so you don’t get cold feet.” 
Bella lifted her foot, letting Steven help her put on the heels. She picked up a pen and jotted something down on a piece of paper.
Soon, a list was prepared. She passed the list to Steven and said, “Here, help me gather everything on this list by the end of the day.” 
Steven took it, glanced down, and could not help but chuckle. “Ms. Bella, you’re so mischievous.”
###chapter270
Under Chairman Thompson’s meticulous arrangements, the blind dates were swiftly scheduled. 
Bella applied her makeup in the restroom while Steven stood outside, holding an iPad and briefing her on the schedule for the day. 
“11:30 a.m. lunch with Mr. Zimmer from H Group. 1:30 p.m. afternoon tea with the eldest son of Chairman Walter from S Group. 3:30 p.m. private screening of a musical with the second son of Chairman Lee from Z Group.” 
“Okay, two hours each.” Bella shrugged. She thought to herself, ‘Even animals destined for the slaughterhouse aren’t rushed this way!’ 
After a while, the bathroom door opened. When Bella appeared in front of Steven, he could not help but burst into laughter. 
Steven laughed. “Ms. Bella, you’ve really outdone yourself!” 
She had painted freckles all over her face and wore a wig, resembling the shape of a chicken’s nest. There were black smudges below her nose that looked like a mustache. She appeared completely ridiculous with her left hand on the door frame and her right hand pretending to pick her nose. 
“Do you think this is enough? I was thinking of adding a couple of scars to my face!” Bella grinned, showing her blackened tooth as she waved to Steven. 
Steven, who was trained to remain composed as the chief secretary, rarely laughed at work. But this time, he could not stop himself from bursting into laughter.
Bella seemed to have a knack for mischief. She took a selfie with her phone and sent it to the group chat with her brothers. 
In a split second, the group chat was flooded with messages. 
[Asher: …Excuse me. Who is this?] 
[Bella: Hey there, handsome! Why don’t you take a guess!] 
[Drew: Hahaha, I’m laughing so hard I’m about to lose my mind! Bella, this is hilarious!] 
[Axel: Holy crap! You almost scared me to death this early in the morning! I almost peed my pants when I saw the picture!] 
[Declan: Bella, even if you want to get into cosplay, shouldn’t you choose something a little more fitting to your image?] 
[Drew: Why don’t you cosplay as Juliet? I’ll play Romeo! We can be star-crossed lovers!] 
Drew even sent a hugging gif, to which Axel responded with a kicking gif. 
The group chat was quickly filled with stickers and gifs by the two brothers. Although they could not meet in person due to the nature of Drew’s work, they squabble with each other in this virtual space. 
[Bella: Gentlemen, in your opinion as straight men, what are the odds of my blind date falling 
for me when I look like this?] 
[Axel: 0%!] 
[Asher: True beauty resides within, not on the surface. Once someone gets to know you better, they will naturally be captivated by your charming personality, Bella.)
[Declan: I can’t really differentiate faces, so physical beauty is all the same to me, but finding an intriguing soul is rare. Bella, with your exceptional personality and talent, those men will 
nitely be drawn to you.] 
1 
[Drew: You know, Bella. I’m not focused on looks. I’m more into legs! (7) Axel, as a public servant, how can you judge someone by their appearance?] 
[Axel: Oh, come on! Are you the only one who’s allowed to have an opinion?!] 
Bella scrolled through the conversation and burst into a hearty laugh. 
Bella thought to herself, ‘Axel always speaks his mind. Being too straightforward often leads to loss.’ 
[Bella: Wish me luck! I’m about to meet my first victim.] 
[Asher: May the Lord bless you and your blind date.] 
[Axel: Bella, if you go out with this wig on your head and some wealthy young man takes a liking to you, you should seriously consider him. There’s an 80% chance it could be true love It means he’s just like us. He doesn’t care about physical appearances but values inner 
for 
you. beauty!] 
[Bella: Hehe, if someone falls for me today with this look, I’ll give him a free Thompson Hospital medical card, so that he can get a free checkup for glaucoma or cataracts!]
Meanwhile, Steven’s phone continued to vibrate. 
Seizing the moment while Bella was engrossed somewhere, he pulled out his phone for a quick glance. He received private messages from all four of Bella’s brothers, almost simultaneously. The gist was more or less the same. 
[Thompson Brothers: Watch Bella. If there’s a problem, contact us immediately.] 
[Steven: Don’t worry, I will definitely protect Bella and ensure her safety.] 
[Thompson Brothers: Who said we were concerned about her? We’re more worried about her date!] 
Steven smiled slyly. He was sure that they were all blood-related siblings. 
The ill-fated blind dating game officially began. 
Bella was an efficient person. Since she had come this far, she decided to treat it like a game and see all the eligible men in one day so that she could conclude this as soon as possible. 
Despite her ghostly and alarming appearance, these wealthy and privileged young men remained unfazed. To her surprise, they stayed composed and relaxed. They even exchanged. laughter, as if nothing could rattle them.
###chapter271
Bella pondered to herself, ‘Is my inner beauty so striking that it can’t be hidden by this disguise? Or are these guys just overly eager to become Wyatt’s son-in-law?’ She felt nauseated as she gazed upon her own reflection. 
The allure of power sure was incredible. It could make people willingly turn themselves blind. Well, fortunately, Bella had a backup plan. 
During lunch with the first date, Bella suggested taking his pulse to show off her talent. She diagnosed him as being physically aged like a 70-year-old man, despite him only being 30 years old. This infuriated the man, who promptly ended the lunch by storming out. 
On the second date, Bella kept her gaze fixed behind the man throughout the date, making the man visibly uncomfortable. 
He felt confused and asked, “Ms. Thompson, what are you looking at?” 
Bella replied, “Mr. Walter, there’s a child standing behind you, watching you. Are you certain you 
don’t want to invite him over for tea?” 
Bella’s tone gradually turned eerie. “He looks so… Pitiful.” 
That man did not even finish his cup of tea before he fled in terror. 
For the third date, there was minimal interaction as they were watching a musical. This created an illusion of tranquility. As they finally reached the end, Mr. Lee politely extended an invitation. “Ms. Thompson, I had a pleasant time today. Would you join me for dinner?”
With a smile, Bella said, “Sure, I’d love to!” 
She casually picked up her tote bag and slung it over her shoulder. 
Mr. Lee had not noticed her bag earlier. After taking a closer look, he saw a row of large letters glaringly written on the bag. “Memento of Hatchbay Psychiatric Treatment Center.” 
Bella blinked innocently and asked, “Mr. Lee, why aren’t you walking?” 
Mr. Lee’s face turned pale, and he slowly backed away. “Actually, I just remembered I have another appointment. Let’s reschedule for another day!” 
At this moment, Bella and Steven found themselves at the final venue for today’s appointments. 
It was an elegant and tranquil teahouse. The air was filled with the pure fragrance of tea, creating a serene atmosphere reminiscent of Yara Park. The fourth date seemed to have unexpectedly aligned with her taste. 
Bella considered toying with him later for some fun. 
She had spent the whole day manipulating these wealthy and privileged young men, while Steven stood on the sidelines, watching with a sense of apprehension. 
“Ms. Bella, today you successfully cut off their romantic intentions towards you. But what should we do if these individuals go back and spread rumors? It might affect your reputation 
in Savrow.” Steven expressed his concern. 
Bella snorted, “It would be better if these rumors spread. I’d love for those ordinary folks to think that Wyatt Thompson’s daughter is a lunatic!”
Bella remained calm and composed. She picked up an eyeliner pencil, looked into a small mirror, and added a few more freckles to her face. “This way, it will completely cut off Wyatt’s idea of finding a man for me. Hmph! Attempting to outdo me? He’s losing his touch in this game!” 
Amused, Steven could not help but comment, “Well, honestly, at a time like this, it wouldn’t be bad if Mr. Right were to appear.” 
Bella let out a soft sigh as she stowed away her makeup and said, “I also want to meet the one and stop with the hassle of blind dates.” 
Hearing these words, Steven felt a surge of emotion. He looked at her intensely and wished the same for her, but the only difference was that he wished to be “the one” for her. 
Bella wondered out loud, “Wyatt is a sly old fox. I wonder what sneaky tactics he’ll use against me next time.” 
“Chairman Thompson holds you in the highest regard, Ms. Bella. During your absence, he often confided that among all his children, your personality and demeanor are the most similar to his.” Steven spoke with a smile. 
Bella smirked and said, “Hah! Wyatt’s just insulting me. Can’t you 
you tell?” 
Steven could not help but smile. At that moment, his phone vibrated. 
He took it out, glanced at it, and hurriedly said, “Ms. Bella, your last date for the day has arrived.” 
Bella blurted, “Alright, let’s do this.’ 
})
Steven turned around and left, walking into a room next door. 
While waiting, Bella rested her chin on her hand and took in the beautiful and serene view outside the window. She gently closed her eyes, taking in the crisp floral scent and the melodious sound of birdsong filling the air. 
Suddenly, she heard the sound of the door to the private room opening. 
Bella heard the steady, unwavering footsteps of leather shoes getting closer. She could vaguely smell a subtle, refreshing scent as the person got closer. It was like a gentle midnight breeze that rustled through window curtains and tugged at her heartstrings. 
It was an unusual fragrance that was rarely used by men-the rich scent of violet leaves blended with a light floral scent. 
Although Bella was sensitive to smoke, she had an excellent sense of smell. She slowly opened her eyes and finally scanned the man from top to bottom 
Bella’s lips parted slightly, and her eyes widened in shock. 
Christopher said, “Please accept my sincere apologies for being late, Ms. Thompson. 
Bella pondered to herself, ‘Is my inner beauty so striking that it can’t be hidden by this disguise? Or are these guys just overly eager to become Wyatt’s son-in-law?’ She felt nauseated as she gazed upon her own reflection. 
The allure of power sure was incredible. It could make people willingly turn themselves blind. Well, fortunately, Bella had a backup plan.
During lunch with the first date, Bella suggested taking his pulse to show off her talent. She diagnosed him as being physically aged like a 70-year-old man, despite him only being 30 years old. This infuriated the man, who promptly ended the lunch by storming out. 
On the second date, Bella kept her gaze fixed behind the man throughout the date, making the man visibly uncomfortable. 
He felt confused and asked, “Ms. Thompson, what are you looking at?” 
Bella replied, “Mr. Walter, there’s a child standing behind you, watching you. Are you certain you 
don’t want to invite him over for tea?” 
Bella’s tone gradually turned eerie. “He looks so… Pitiful.” 
That man did not even finish his cup of tea before he fled in terror. 
For the third date, there was minimal interaction as they were watching a musical. This created an illusion of tranquility. As they finally reached the end, Mr. Lee politely extended an invitation. “Ms. Thompson, I had a pleasant time today. Would you join me for dinner?” 
With a smile, Bella said, “Sure, I’d love to!” 
She casually picked up her tote bag and slung it over her shoulder. 
Mr. Lee had not noticed her bag earlier. After taking a closer look, he saw a row of large letters glaringly written on the bag. “Memento of Hatchbay Psychiatric Treatment Center.” 
Bella blinked innocently and asked, “Mr. Lee, why aren’t you walking?” 
Mr. Lee’s face turned pale, and he slowly backed away. “Actually, I just remembered I have another appointment. Let’s reschedule for another day!”
At this moment, Bella and Steven found themselves at the final venue for today’s appointments. 
It was an elegant and tranquil teahouse. The air was filled with the pure fragrance of tea, creating a serene atmosphere reminiscent of Yara Park. The fourth date seemed to have unexpectedly aligned with her taste. 
Bella considered toying with him later for some fun. 
She had spent the whole day manipulating these wealthy and privileged young men, while Steven stood on the sidelines, watching with a sense of apprehension. 
“Ms. Bella, today you successfully cut off their romantic intentions towards you. But what should we do if these individuals go back and spread rumors? It might affect your reputation 
in Savrow.” Steven expressed his concern. 
Bella snorted, “It would be better if these rumors spread. I’d love for those ordinary folks to think that Wyatt Thompson’s daughter is a lunatic!” 
Bella remained calm and composed. She picked up an eyeliner pencil, looked into a small mirror, and added a few more freckles to her face. “This way, it will completely cut off Wyatt’s idea of finding a man for me. Hmph! Attempting to outdo me? He’s losing his touch in this game!” 
Amused, Steven could not help but comment, “Well, honestly, at a time like this, it wouldn’t be bad if Mr. Right were to appear.” 
Bella let out a soft sigh as she stowed away her makeup and said, “I also want to meet the one and stop with the hassle of blind dates.”
Hearing these words, Steven felt a surge of emotion. He looked at her intensely and wished the same for her, but the only difference was that he wished to be “the one” for her. 
Bella wondered out loud, “Wyatt is a sly old fox. I wonder what sneaky tactics he’ll use against me next time.” 
“Chairman Thompson holds you in the highest regard, Ms. Bella. During your absence, he often confided that among all his children, your personality and demeanor are the most similar to his.” Steven spoke with a smile. 
Bella smirked and said, “Hah! Wyatt’s just insulting me. Can’t you 
you tell?” 
Steven could not help but smile. At that moment, his phone vibrated. 
He took it out, glanced at it, and hurriedly said, “Ms. Bella, your last date for the day has arrived.” 
Bella blurted, “Alright, let’s do this.’ 
}) 
Steven turned around and left, walking into a room next door. 
While waiting, Bella rested her chin on her hand and took in the beautiful and serene view outside the window. She gently closed her eyes, taking in the crisp floral scent and the melodious sound of birdsong filling the air. 
Suddenly, she heard the sound of the door to the private room opening. 
Bella heard the steady, unwavering footsteps of leather shoes getting closer. She could vaguely smell a subtle, refreshing scent as the person got closer. It was like a gentle midnight breeze that rustled
through window curtains and tugged at her heartstrings. 
It was an unusual fragrance that was rarely used by men-the rich scent of violet leaves blended with a light floral scent. 
Although Bella was sensitive to smoke, she had an excellent sense of smell. She slowly opened her eyes and finally scanned the man from top to bottom 
Bella’s lips parted slightly, and her eyes widened in shock. 
Christopher said, “Please accept my sincere apologies for being late, Ms. Thompson.
###chapter272
“Why is it you?” Bella exclaimed with a look of surprise on her face. 
Despite the small freckles on her face and her tangled hair resembling a bird’s nest, she still exuded a touch of innocence. Christopher asked with a wide smile, “Can’t I be your blind date?” 
Bella pressed her lips together, unsure of how to respond. His question was direct, but his gentle smile eased the awkward atmosphere, making Bella think that it was merely a harmless. joke. 
Christopher asked politely, “Mind if I take a seat?” 
“Please do,” Bella responded gracefully. 
Christopher looked no different from their initial meeting. He presented a cultured image by donning a navy blue pinstripe suit and matching gold-rimmed glasses. 
“Bella, your look today is cute and distinctive,” Christopher remarked as his eyes squinted in a smile. “But you don’t have to pretend in front of me. Just be yourself.” 
Bella awkwardly cleared her throat and said, “I recall my blind date isn’t with you. Why are you here?” 
“Because I figured you must be eager to see me again. Fortunately, I had the same intention,” Christopher adjusted his glasses, smiling calmly. The words seemed innocent but carried a hidden meaning. 
“That’s interesting. Since our last encounter, I’ve been curious about your identity, so I did hope to see you again.” Bella widened her eyes, staring directly at him. “Thank you for your help, Christopher. You’re the fourth son of the Iverson family, right?”
Christopher’s deep gaze contracted slightly, and his hand on his knee trembled imperceptibly. Suppressing his joy, he calmly responded, “Bella, it’s been a while since we’ve met.” 
Bella paused for a moment, politely replying, “It’s nice to see you again.” Despite sharing a pleasant childhood, over a decade had passed. Seeing him again, this man felt like a stranger 
to Bella. 
She had vaguely remembered that the young Christopher from their early years was short and thin, with delicate features. Because of his reserved personality, he was frequently teased and bullied by other kids. 
Bella was a popular student in elementary school, earning the nickname “The Little Devil” for her fiery personality. 
She acted without hesitation when she saw Christopher being bullied and single-handedly took down three older boys, who were a head taller than her. No one dared to bully Christopher again after that, as Bella was always watching out for him. 
Bella had lost much of her recollection of these old stories. Unbeknownst to her, the man sitting across from her held onto every memory of their childhood. Through the years spent abroad, enduring the highs and lows of life, Bella remained the bright spot in Christopher’s otherwise gloomy existence. 
She was more than just moonlight-a term that would have been too humble for her. In his eyes, she was the sun, radiant and dazzling, her brilliance unrivaled. 
Bella wondered, “So that night at the karaoke bar, did you recognize me the night we bumped into each other while I was drunk?” 
With a faint smile on his face, Christopher responded, “Yes.”
Bella continued, “I was in danger that night. You didn’t accidentally save me along the way, but you followed me the whole time?” 
Christopher nodded in response. 
“But why?” Bella frowned and added, “If you recognized me, why keep your identity a secret?” 
“It’s because I was waiting.” Christopher took a deep breath. His voice was slightly hoarse as he continued, “I stayed quiet, hoping you’d remember me on your own. 
Bella felt a subtle sense of guilt inexplicably rising within her. It felt as if she had let him down and betrayed him. She continued, “This place-did you choose it as well?” 
He responded, “Yes, I thought you might like it because it has the atmosphere of Yara Park.” 
Christopher’s eyes sparkled as he said, “Do you still remember? When we were kids, we used to play hide-and-seek in your garden. Every time, you loved hiding in the fake mountains.” 
When they were kids, hide-and-seek was a game they both loved. Whenever he closed his eyes, he could always guess where she was hiding, but he always pretended to be clueless. He would spin around anxiously and intentionally avoid her hiding spot. He did not mind giving in to her, satisfying her simple desire for victory. However, this concession was exclusively reserved for Bella. 
Bella felt surprised and said, “Wow, you still remember such things.” 
She scratched her messy wig, feeling embarrassed.
###chapter273
Christopher’s lips curled into a graceful smile as he savored his tea. He exuded the air of a sophisticated young aristocrat in the modern world. The two of them chatted as they caught up with each other. 
Bella learned that Christopher had dedicated himself to looking after his mother during her recovery in Sentania. His mother was diagnosed with Alzheimer’s, which led to a gradual decline in her ability to take care of herself. Despite having numerous opportunities to return to Savrow, he remained in Sentania to care for his mother and develop his career. 
She remembered that the Iverson family dynamics were quite intricate. The Iverson family included four children, among them Christopher, who had two older brothers and one older sister. The trio shared the same mother. On the other hand, Christopher was the child of the second wife, introducing an additional layer of complexity to the family structure. 
Bella had limited knowledge about Mrs. Iverson. Even though their families were once close when she was a child and she had visited the Iverson estate, she still had no impression of that lady. 
Bella asked again, “Why did you suddenly come back this year?” 
“Home is where the heart is. After all, I am a son of the Iverson family. I wanted to come back and reclaim a part of what belongs to me,” Christopher said, lowering his eyes. He played with the delicate teacup with his slender fingertips. 
Bella nodded slightly, understanding his meaning. 
Children born into wealthy and prestigious families were often caught in a power struggle. Those who did not navigate the power struggle were exploited and ultimately ended up with little to show for their
privileged backgrounds. After all, a close-knit and happy prestigious family, like the Thompsons, were rare. 
Christopher suddenly asked with a smile, “There’s still some time before dinner. What would you like to do?” 
“Huh?” Caught off guard by the sudden suggestion, Bella was momentarily stunned. 
Christopher continued, “I can take you to see the roses under the sunset.” He leaned towards her slowly, sincerity evident in his eyes. “I have a private rose garden, and we are having a public exhibition today. Let’s go enjoy the flowers together.” 
‘Roses?’ Bella’s heart fluttered, and her eyes sparkled. Roses were her favorite flowers. She personally maintained a small rose garden in Yara Park’s backyard. She had not taken care of it herself in the past few years. Mila and the others had taken turns looking after it. 
She readily agreed, without hesitation. “Sure! Let’s go for a stroll.” 
On the way to the Rose Manor, Bella sat in Christopher’s luxurious Bentley. Given their parents private friendship and longstanding acquaintance, going in separate cars and meeting at the destination felt superfluous. 
The Bentley glided smoothly ahead, closely trailed by Steven. Steven gripped the steering wheel tightly. 
Bella had just gotten rid of Ryan. Now, Christopher popped out of nowhere. It was evident that Christopher radiated a higher level of sophistication than the flirtatious Ryan. 
In the past, Christopher had discreetly followed Bella to her neighborhood. This time, he had somehow replaced Bella’s blind date to meet her.
It showed how scheming this man was. 
Steven took a deep breath, his gaze unwavering on the Bentley ahead. Having witnessed how much Jerkface Justin had hurt Bella, Steven swore not to let any man harm her again. He was determined to do everything within his means to protect her. 
The Bentley’s atmosphere was pleasant. 
Bella had removed her disguise and had not bothered to wear makeup. Instead, she showcased her natural beauty. Her long, flowing hair was loosely tied into a simple bun with a hairpin, dismissing any concerns about maintaining the image of a wealthy young lady. 
Christopher remained composed while stealing a glance at her from the corner of his eye. Her radiant, flawless face exuded natural beauty and calmness. 
He steadied his tumultuous thoughts and asked softly, “Do you remember what you called me the first time you saw me that night?” 
“Huh?” Bella blinked, feeling a bit dazed. “I… Really don’t remember.” 
Christopher whispered, “You called me 
‘Critter’.” 
This man either left Bella embarrassed or at a loss for words. 
Christopher explained, “My dad used to scold me that way when he disciplined me. You overheard it one day and started teasing me like that.” 
“We all said the dumbest things when we were kids… I apologize for my childish and rude behavior back then,” Bella muttered, feeling embarrassed. A hint of blush appeared on her
cheeks. 
Christopher said with a playful smile, “It’s okay. If you want to call me that now, you can.” 
“Oh 
my… What am I? Twelve?” Bella muttered under her breath, feeling a bit awkward. She waved and said, “Let’s just stick to calling you Christopher. We’re not kids anymore. Besides, you’re a man of status and have a reputation to uphold. I can’t be disrespectful.” 
Christopher smiled gently as he leaned slightly closer to her. His gentle voice was infused with tenderness as he said, “Sure, whatever makes you happy.”
###chapter274
If Christopher had not brought her here, Bella would have never known about the vast rose garden on the southern outskirts of Savrow. The Iverson family did not own this place. This was Christopher’s private property, where only Damascus roses were cultivated in this hundred-acre field. 
Under the vividly colored sunset, the lush greenery and vibrant pink roses seemed to drip with charm. The fully blooming garden captured Bella’s gaze, providing a moment of relaxation. Couples leisurely strolled and took photos, while even some internet celebrities conducted live broadcasts. This beautiful scene relieved Bella, whose mind and body had been tense from work for many days. 
The remarkable sight of the outstanding couple attracted envious looks from onlookers. It was evident that they appeared to be a perfectly matched couple, almost as if a higher power had blessed them. 
Bella bent down. Her slender and graceful hands gently lifted a rose as if caressing a lover’s cheek. She playfully crinkled her small, dainty nose closer to inhale the fragrance with an intoxicated expression. 
Christopher’s eyes deepened, and the corners of his lips lifted slightly. “Bella-a name that befits its owner. Charming and graceful, even more so than these flowers.” 
Bella giggled. “I know I’m beautiful, but thanks for your compliment, Mr. Iverson.’ 
Christopher approached her, his eyes sparkling with eager anticipation. “If I were to call you Bella like when we were young, would you call me Chris, just like before?” 
Bella’s eyelashes fluttered. Her back was turned to him. She felt awkward that he still held onto the same feelings from their childhood, while she had distanced herself entirely from that past. To her, Christopher Iverson was practically a stranger now.
After contemplating, she said politely, “It’s possible, once we get to know each other better.” 
“I believe we will get close to each other again, just like when we were kids. I’ll be waiting for you.” Christopher’s eyes blazed with determination as he enunciated each word. 
Bella sensed that the conversation was awkward and decided to shift it. With a serious tone, she inquired, “Mr. Iverson, what is the annual rose production in this field? What are the costs of cultivating these roses? Do you currently have any exclusive contracts with corporate groups?” 
With a light laugh, Christopher adjusted his glasses and asked, “Ms. Thompson, are you interested in discussing a partnership with me?” 
“Honestly, I do have that idea,” Bella admitted. As soon as she entered, golden business opportunities flooded her thoughts. Since her return to KS Group, she has planned to expand into the cosmetics market, developing makeup and skincare products with a rose theme. However, Wyatt had instructed her to strengthen and grow KS World Hotel first, limiting her time and energy for this venture. 
Bella’s determination flared up again the moment she entered the rose garden. 
“The Damask Rose, scientifically known as Rosa Damascena, has deep roots in ancient Greek 
mythology. It symbolizes the beauty of the love goddess, Aphrodite, and the vegetation deity, Adonis. It’s a profound emblem of love and beauty, exuding an exceptionally romantic essence.” 
Bella shared, her eyes bright with enthusiasm. “The essential oil of Damask Rose is precious, with effects that can simultaneously impact both the body and the soul. The price of air-flown roses is high, and very few estates cultivate this type of rose domestically.” 
Christopher gazed at her deeply, his handsome face adorned with a gentle smile.
He had focused little on the business insights she was sharing. Over the past two years, many have coveted his rose field, yet he has never given it serious consideration. This sea of flowers, akin to a lively Gatsby party, was arranged solely for Bella. 
Noticing that Christopher looked at her silently without an immediate response, Bella mistakenly believed he was in deep contemplation. She laughed heartily and said, “I understand my proposal is abrupt. Moreover, my project is not a small one. Mr. Iverson, please take your time to consider. I’m not in a hurry.” 
Outside the Rose Manor, Steven stood in the fading sunlight. His thoughts were in disarray as he gazed at the vast sea of roses. He was well aware of the close relationship between the Iversons and the Thompsons, especially the strong bond between Chairman Iverson and Chairman Thompson. 
He thought, ‘While Christopher was clear about his intentions towards Ms. Bella, she had always been distant from the opposite sex. For example, she cut Ryan off mercilessly. However, with Mr. Iverson, she seemed less resistant and willing to entertain him.’ 
Of course, the fact that he had intervened and saved her from the knife attack played a role. However, Steven could not shake the feeling that Bella was particularly accepting of Christopher.
###chapter275
‘Could it be… True love…?’ As those words echoed in Steven’s mind, his heart tightened, and he sighed helplessly. 
At that moment, three black sedans appeared in the distance and approached the Rose Manor. 
Looking at the license plate on the leading sedan made Steven’s eyes turn cold. 
The license plate on the leading sedan made Steven’s eyes turn cold. Those cars belonged to the Salvador family, Justin’s car being among them. 
As the car came to a stop, Ian swiftly exited from the front passenger seat and respectfully opened the car door. Wearing bespoke leather shoes, Justin stepped out composedly, fastening his suit jacket as he descended the steps. 
“Damn, such bad luck!” Steven cursed under his breath, his frustration evident at the sight of Justin’s handsome face. 
A few seconds later, a slender, pale hand slowly emerged from the car. 
“Justin… Can you help me down?” 
Standing by the car, Justin looked at the hand with a slight frown. After a moment’s hesitation, he extended his hand toward Rosalind. 
Quickly seizing his palm, Rosalind clung as if afraid Justin might change his mind. A delighted smile played on her face. 
Even though Justin’s gaze remained as cold as ever, she was confident she could make him fall for her once again!
Seeing Justin and Rosalind walking hand in hand towards the estate entrance, Steven’s eyes were full of contempt. He could not be bothered to curse at them. 
He thought to himself, ‘What terrible luck today!” 
“Justin, I followed you here to appreciate the flowers… You don’t mind, right?” Rosalind’s eyes were teary as she portrayed a pitiful appearance. However, she held the man’s hand tightly and said, “Otherwise… I’ll just go back. I don’t want to be a burden for you…” 
However, Justin had not come to the Rose Manor today to appreciate the flowers but to inspect a potential project. The Rose Manor boasted the largest Damascus rose field in the entire Savrow or even the whole province. He intended to personally assess the quality of these roses and inspect the condition of the soil. For this purpose, he even invited two botanists to join him for a thorough evaluation. 
If all the conditions met his high standards, Justin planned to negotiate cooperation with the owner of Rose Manor. He aimed to secure the raw material supply for the upcoming women’s skincare brand under Salvador Corporation. 
Somehow, this matter gained too much attention and reached Rosalind’s ears. She even proposed to accompany him. Considering she had just attempted suicide and was suffering from severe depression, Justin had no choice but to agree reluctantly. 
“It doesn’t matter,” Justin said with a low voice, his eyes still deep and sad. “The doctor said that being in nature is beneficial for your condition.” 
thank all on the hiked site and re 
thewale 50 ding wadon Towards the woman d
“Justin… Thank you for still caring about me like this…” Rosalind cried quietly, and she leaned on his shoulder. 
In that instance, Justin’s face contorted as he felt a strong aversion towards the woman. His entire body responded with a visceral reaction of disgust. 
“Mr. Salvador, look! Isn’t that Ms. Bella’s secretary?!” Ian widened his eyes and whispered behind him. 
Justin suddenly raised his gaze, then was momentarily stunned. Unexplainedly, a mysterious feeling surged through his chest, making his heart beat violently within his tensed chest. 
‘Why is she here?’ Justin wondered. ‘If Steven and Bella were always together, it meant that Bella must also be here in the Rose Manor. Why would she be here? Was she here to appreciate the flowers?’ 
In the next moment, Justin gritted his teeth and shook his head. 
No, it was not like her to come here just to appreciate the flowers. Justin concluded, ‘She must be here to interfere in my project!’
###chapter276
Tension filled the air as the two parties stared at each other. 
“Mr. Salvador, I don’t know if this is a coincidence or just sheer bad luck,” Steven said with a wry smile, his words lacking courtesy. 
Justin’s brows furrowed as he asked in a deep voice, “Is Bella inside?” 
At the mention of Bella, Rosalind felt her scalp tingling, and her heart suddenly tightened. 
“Why? Is it not allowed?” Steven sneered, every word carrying a sting. “Does Mr. Salvador wish to monopolize this place, too?” 
Ian could not take it anymore and retorted, “Damn… Mr. Salvador didn’t even do anything? We’re just asking! Did you not eat your medicine before leaving the house?” 
“Hasn’t done anything? Can you even say that with a straight face? I can barely listen to such nonsense,” Steven said with disdain, his thick eyebrows pressing down. 
Ian retorted, “You…!” 
“Ian, that’s enough,” Justin interjected and coldly asked, “What is Bella doing here?” 
Steven coldly swept his gaze over the seemingly delicate Rosalind and sneered, “Whatever Mr. Salvador is here for, our young lady is here for the same reason.” 
Justin’s brows furrowed deeper. It seemed that Bella had developed an interest in the Rose Manor, but he would not let her succeed this time! 
At this moment, Bella had already lifted the hem of her dress and ventured into the sea of roses. The vibrant sunset cast a magical glow as she moved around with a lively and elf-like grace, resembling a
floral goddess. 
Unperturbed, she squatted in the muddy flowerbed, delicately kneading the soil. She examined the rose stems and petals with nimble hands, diligently taking notes on her phone while capturing the beauty through snapshots. 
While other girls came to enjoy the scenery and snap some pictures, Bella appeared to be on a treasure hunt, a modern-day gold prospector. Who would have thought such a stunning woman would break from romantic ideals, boldly showcasing the traits of being “practical – minded” and “business- oriented”? Her focus was clear. She was determined to build her 
career and make money. 
Christopher thought, ‘Ambitious women are quite charming, aren’t they?’ 
Christopher stood with his hands behind his back, patiently waiting for her. He slightly bent his gaze, an indulgent and tender smile revealing itself between his refined brows. He murmured, ‘Oh, Bella, you are still the same as when you were a child. It’s wonderful.’ 
At this moment, a call from his secretary interrupted his thoughts. Christopher’s brows furrowed as he answered, “What is it?” 
“Mr. Iverson, Mr. Salvador has arrived.” The secretary lowered his voice and said, “Earlier, the Salvador team contacted me regarding the cooperation project for the Rose Manor. However 
did not give them a clear answer, following your instructions.” 
“I didn’t anticipate them moving so swiftly; they’ve even brought the inspection team today. It looks like they’re dead set on partnering with us,” Christopher said, his gaze fixed on the bustling Bella. In a deep voice, he asked, “Besides Justin’s team, who else is here?”
“There’s also Justin’s rumored fiancée. Even in situations like these, he insists on bringing that woman along. It’s like they’re deeply in love.” The secretary’s words carried a tinge of 
sarcasm. 
Surrounded by roses, Bella remained blissfully unaware of all this. 
Christopher pondered, ‘Bella, is this the man you once loved? The one for whom you changed your name and endured three years of marriage, even if you were miserable? Bella, you are truly naive.’ 
A surge of resentment flared within Christopher, and he spoke, “Are the things I asked prepare ready?” 
The secretary hurriedly replied, “Everything is ready, Mr. Iverson!” 
you to 
“Bring them over and send someone to lead Justin Salvador’s team this way.” Christopher adjusted his gold-rimmed glasses, a faint smirk playing on his lips. 
After crouching for too long, Bella’s back was a bit sore. She slowly stood up from the flower bed, wiping the sweat from her forehead.
###chapter277
Bella was the kind who completely immersed herself in her work when she encountered something she liked, to the extent of forgetting about space and time. 
At this moment, Bella suddenly remembered that Christopher was still waiting for her. She hurriedly turned around and was surprised to see him still patiently standing in his original 
spot. 
There was now an intricately woven flower basket on his arm, adorned with beautiful, understated pink flowers. 
Bella thought, ‘Those flowers are lovely, which inevitably makes me think of the quote-a rose does not answer its enemies with words but with beauty.’ 
“Ms. Thompson,” Christopher called out to her, approaching with the flower basket. 
Seeing him dressed so cleanly, Bella hurriedly tried to stop him with concern. “Ah! Don’t come over! It’s muddy here!” 
However, Christopher paid her warnings no attention. He walked straight through the thorny bushes, single-mindedly wanting to reach her side. Bella pursed her red lips, feeling a bit embarrassed. 
“Ms. Bella, this is for you.” Christopher, his deep eyes filled with the soft glow of the evening sun, presented the flower basket to her. 
Bella smiled gently and declined. “Mr. Iverson, thank you for your kind gesture. But these flowers… I can’t accept them.”
Although it was just a basket of flowers, they were roses with ambiguous implications. Accepting them would be inappropriate. 
Christopher anticipated her refusal and changed his approach. Smiling, he said, “Flowers complement the beauty of a lady; that’s just one aspect. More importantly, I’ve noticed Miss Thompson’s interest in the roses I planted, so I wanted to give you a basket to take back and study. Underneath the flowers, there’s soil from here that you can take back, transplant into your garden, and carefully nurture. They will bloom perennially.” 
With this explanation, Bella had no reason to refuse any further. She hesitated momentarily, then reached out to accept the flower basket, saying, “Thank you, Mr. Iverson, for your gift.” 
Suddenly, Christopher frowned slightly, standing with his hands behind him as he leaned towards her. 
A handsome, chiseled face gradually enlarged in Bella’s astonished pupils. She held her breath, and her long eyelashes fluttered. 
Bella asked, “Mr. Iverson, what’s wrong? Is there something on my face?” 
Christopher nodded earnestly, “Mmhmm.” 
“Where?” Bella was bewildered, raising her hand to wipe her face, and another streak of mud smeared across her cheek. This time, she indeed became muddy. 
Christopher was full of indulgence. He took out a pure white silk handkerchief from his pocket and naturally wiped away the dirt on her cheeks and forehead. 
He moved too quickly, and Bella only snapped back to reality, hastily saying, “I can do it myself.” 
“It’s okay. It’s already clean.” Christopher gazed deeply at her, smoothly retracting his hand.
He was always like this, stopping at the right moment when she felt their interaction was getting too intimate. Somehow, Bella’s mind came up with a provocative thought. 
However, she quickly dismissed this thought. Perhaps Christopher’s considerate actions were due to his gentle nature, and there might also be some childhood friendship between them. 
At this moment, a series of footsteps approached them. 
Bella suddenly lifted her eyes and then froze. 
Just a few steps away, Justin’s imposing figure stood like a mountain before them. He displayed neither excitement nor anger. Only his eyes had a faint reddish glow. 
It was like the calm before a storm. 
Just moments ago, Justin observed every interaction between Bella and the man before him. His fists clenched fiercely beneath his refined sleeves, and veins bulged on his forehead. He watched her accept the roses from Christopher, witnessed her radiant smile, and observed him gently wiping away the dirt from her cheek. 
Their tacit understanding and intimacy were like a pair of harmonious musical instruments. Justin’s back tensed, teeth grinding audibly, and a roaring pain echoed in his mind. 
He witnessed her interactions as if they were a couple, the silent agreement and closeness akin to a pair of perfectly matched partners. 
Justin’s back was taut, his teeth grinding with a creaking sound, and a buzzing pain resonated in his mind.
It turned out that Bella wasn’t here to compete for the project but to appreciate the blooming flowers with a new lover. However, he preferred that she come here to snatch his project and torment him. He was willing to yield everything to her. Yet he was unwilling to see that everything that once belonged to him, she would willingly hand over to this man…
###chapter278
A storm of emotions was brewing behind Justin’s gloomy face. Bella, on the other hand, did not have such complicated thoughts. In her mind, she was cursing her bad luck. 
Bella thought, ‘Meeting this scumbag in such a romantic and beautiful place is like stepping on dog shit.’ 
As for Rosalind, who was clinging onto Justin, she was nothing more than an eyesore. Bella’s eyes hurt just from the sight of the woman. 
At that moment, Christopher’s tall figure leaned towards her. His lips gently brushed against her ear, and he chuckled softly, “Don’t panic, I’m here.” 
Bella’s ear twitched, and she cursed in confusion. She thought, ‘What’s the fuss about? Just deal with it when it comes. If they behave like dogs, let’s beat them like dogs.’ 
“Ms. Thompson, I didn’t expect to meet you here,” Rosalind said sweetly, hiding her previous confrontational attitude. She continued, “Is this gentleman your new boyfriend? You two look so perfect together.” 
Bella’s gaze remained indifferent, showing no interest in interacting with the scheming woman. Despite Bella’s lack of reaction, Christopher smirked, “Thank you for your praise. However, I am not Bella’s boyfriend at the moment.” 
Bella seemed oblivious to his statement, but when Justin heard it, his expression froze, and he clenched his fist. He thought, ‘Not at the moment? Will it be sooner or later? Is this guy trying to provoke me by implying they’re dating, or has she moved on so fast?’
With her hands wrapped around Justin’s arm, Rosalind sensed his body tense with anger. She realized he hadn’t let go of Bella despite everything. 
It appeared that Bella had discovered a new love interest, bringing a sense of relief to Rosalind. ‘At least one of them has fully moved on from their three-year marriage,’ she thought, finding solace in the idea. 
Rosalind couldn’t help but wonder about Bella’s seemingly charmed romantic life. Pondering to herself, she mused, ‘Which family does this young master belong to? He’s not only handsome but also possesses a good temperament.’ 
Breaking the silence, Christopher asked, “Is Mr. Salvador here to accompany his fiancée to enjoy the flowers?” He added, with a slight smirk, “You should hurry. Rose Manor will be closing soon.” 
“I can’t afford to waste time on that,” Justin retorted, shooting Christopher a hostile look and deliberately ignoring Bella. “Secretary Harris, get in touch with the Rose Manor contact. We need to hash out the details of our collaboration.” 
Ian promptly responded, “Yes, Mr. Salvador.” swiftly pulling out his phone to dial the number. Within moments, the phone rang loudly. 
It was audible to everyone and was seemingly approaching them! 
“Strange… Sounds like that person is nearby,” Ian remarked, scanning the area in confusion. 
The distinctive ringtone echoed nearby, and a man sprinted over, announcing, “Mr. Iverson 
Justin was taken aback, his attention fixed on the approaching man holding a ringing cell phone. 
“Mr. Iverson, you’ve got a call,” the secretary said, offering the phone to Christopher. He did not forget to shoot a disdainful glance at the Salvador team.
Christopher, seemingly unfazed, smiled and effortlessly ended the call with a casual sweep of his cold, pale fingertips across the screen. 
At that very moment, the calls on Ian’s end abruptly ceased. Ian stood there, phone in hand, mouth slightly agape, clearly taken aback. 
Meanwhile, Justin, in a state of disbelief, squinted his eyes and turned visibly pale. 
“The owner of Rose Manor you’re trying to reach, Mr. Salvador, is me. Unfortunately, I’ve already secured an exclusive partnership. It appears Mr. Salvador will be leaving empty- handed,” Christopher stated, directing his gaze toward Bella. 
“Ms. Thompson, I’ve accepted your proposal for collaboration,” Christopher continued. 
Bella’s beautiful eyes widened as she observed the man extending his right hand towards her. 
Christopher added, “Here’s to a fruitful collaboration in the future.” 
She casually glanced at Justin, whose expression was darkening, his eyes bloodshot. 
Seeing Justin’s defeated face, she felt a genuine sense of satisfaction. However, winning without a fight felt like bullying. 
Oh well, savor the victory for now! 
Bella’s lips curled into a smile, two playful dimples appearing on her cheeks. She gracefully extended her hand and shook hands firmly with Christopher, saying, “Looking forward to a successful partnership, Mr. Iverson.”
###chapter279
The members of the Salvador team looked at each other in astonishment. Ian suddenly felt his vision go dark, as if a thunderbolt had struck him from above. 
Seeing Justin’s expression turn stormy, Rosalind, thinking she was offering helpful advice, quickly said, “Justin, you don’t need to worry. It’s just a garden. There are plenty of places like this in the country. We can contact other places…” 
Before she could finish her sentence, Justin abruptly pulled his arm out of her embrace. The force was too much, causing her to stagger backward, feeling embarrassed. 
“Let’s go, Mr. Iverson,” Bella didn’t bother giving them another glance. She smiled politely at Christopher. 
Christopher replied, “Sure, I’ve already booked a restaurant. We can go there anytime.” 
The two shared a smile, leaving Justin feeling as if an invisible hand was strangling his throat, his brows tightly furrowed. 
He quickly stepped forward, blocking Christopher. 
“Mr. Iverson, let’s talk privately,” he said, his tone still strong, showing no sign of weakness due to the failed project negotiation. 
“If it’s about the Rose Manor project, I don’t think there’s anything left to discuss with Mr. Salvador,” Christopher replied, unwilling to waste time with him. 
Justin interjected, “What if it’s about something else?”
As he spoke, Justin’s dark gaze landed on Bella’s face. 
Christopher led Justin to a European-style pavilion in Rose Manor. They took their seats, facing each other amidst vibrant flowers, yet the room exuded a chilly and oppressive atmosphere. 
Looking impatiently at his watch, Christopher urged, “Mr. Salvador, let’s get to the point. I have a date with Ms. Thompson that I need to return to.” 
“A date? Weren’t we here to discuss cooperation?” Justin, unwilling to concede, especially when it came to Bella, instinctively resisted letting Christopher gain the upper hand. “Maybe that’s just wishful thinking on your part. After all, Bella was my wife for three years. I know her much better than you do.” 
“Is that so?” Christopher shrugged dismissively, a hint of mockery in his tone. “It’s only been three years, and it was only a marriage in name… Mr. Salvador, where does your confidence stem from? Do you really believe you understand Bella better than I do?” 
“You investigated me?” Justin questioned as he clenched his fist in anger. His eyes were chilly. 
Christopher smiled and shook his head. “Everything I’ve done is for Bella, and it has nothing to do with you from the beginning till the end. My collaboration with her this time wasn’t about snatching her from you. She’s the one I’ve been waiting for, and besides her, I won’t let anyone else intervene here.” 
Christopher added, “I know your subordinate contacted someone from my company. I just didn’t have the chance to tell you in person. From the beginning, I never intended to cooperate with Salvador Corporation.” 
He emphasized the name “Bella” so warmly! 
Justin quietly exhaled, his deep gaze flickering like a night fire. “Christopher, even though you’ve recently returned to the country, I’m not completely ignorant about you. Like Bella, people who don’t
know you well might be deceived by the fa?ade you present. However, I won’t be fooled. I’ve heard enough about what you did in Sentania.” 
In Sentania, Christopher was indeed the embodiment of wealth and desire-a beautiful yet infamous figure. However, he could completely conceal his true nature before Bella, presenting a gentle and humble image. It was evident how deep and cunning this man’s scheming was. 
Indeed, they are divorced, and everything about Bella is no longer his concern. But seeing her getting closer to Christopher, Justin could not help but feel a mix of anger, hatred, and fear. 
Christopher’s lips curled into a faint smile, and he casually adjusted his glasses. He didn’t bother to refute Justin’s words. 
“You never lack women by your side. But Bella is not a woman you can play with, not someone you can casually provoke, engage in a bit of romance, and captivate with a few bouquets of roses.” Justin’s handsome face carried a deep and frosty demeanor. 
A few seconds later, Christopher couldn’t help but sneer, “It’s strange. Since you are so reluctant to part with Bella and care about her, why did you divorce her and marry someone else in the first place?” 
This question hit the nail on the head, leaving Justin stunned and speechless. Pain and regret flashed through his heart, shaking his entire soul. 
Christopher continued, “I am very clear about what kind of person I am. Even if I am irredeemable, my sincere heart for Bella will always remain pure and loyal. I can’t say the same for you, Mr. Salvador, who married Bella but still harbors thoughts for others, hurting her to the core. Anyone else in this world has the right to say these words to me, but not you.”
Christopher’s brows furrowed, his tone becoming colder as he added, “Regardless of whether you regret it now or not, you are already divorced. Whoever she is with, likes, or loves in the future has nothing to do with you.” 
He then stood up and walked towards the exit of the pavilion. Stopping abruptly, he turned back, observing Justin, who seemed frozen like a sculpture. 
He said, “My feelings for her existed long ago. In my eyes, those three years are not worth mentioning.” 
Left alone in the pavilion, Justin, reflecting on Christopher’s words, had a face as pale as paper, his broad shoulders trembling ever so slightly.
###chapter280
As the visitors gradually left Rose Manor, only Bella and Rosalind remained in the vast flower gardens. 
The surrounding light dimmed, yet Bella’s bare face retained a pure, bright allure, like a clear and radiant moon. This scene sparked a mix of envy and jealousy in Rosalind. 
Setting aside all grievances, she must admit that Bella was an exceptional beauty, a diamond among rhinestones. What woman wouldn’t feel jealous when such a stunning woman lived under the same roof as her man for three years, even if it was all for show? 
Rosalind gritted her teeth and approached Bella. She toyed with her long black hair, discarding her delicate appearance in front of Justin. Instead, she revealed a triumphant smile, as if she were the victor. 
Rosalind asked, “So, you’ve found a new prospect so quickly? Your methods are truly 
astonishing. But wouldn’t it have been better to do this sooner? No matter how you entangle Justin, he won’t spare you another glance.” 
Bella glanced at her as if dealing with a lunatic and scoffed, “Why would I want him to look at me? I’m not a peacock in the park, and I don’t need to flaunt my feathers.” 
Rosalind choked on her words for a moment, cursing inwardly. She decided to pull out her trump card. 
“Now that we’ve bumped into each other, I might as well tell you the good news. Justin and I are about to get engaged. The engagement ceremony will be on the same day as my birthday celebration.” 
“Is that so? Congratulations are in order, then… But I won’t be giving you a gift.” Bella spoke with a lazy tone, showing little interest.
Seeing Bella’s complete indifference, Rosalind couldn’t help but feel infuriated. She felt offended and retorted, “Huh, even if you act tough, deep down, you must be furious and hateful. But what’s the use?” 
“In the end, I got Justin, while you’ve become the laughingstock of the entire Savrow!” 
“Ah, Rosalind, every time I see you, either you’re clamoring that you want Justin or flaunting your relationship with him. Is your life so dull and uninteresting? Other than a divorced man, do you have anything else noteworthy?” Bella sighed in boredom, feeling that even talking to her lowered her standards. 
Bella pondered, “When dealing with such a self-righteous woman, it leaves you with a bad taste if you don’t confront her” 
Rosalind glared at Bella and shouted furiously, “What did you say?!” 
Bella continued, “I can understand that you want to show off that you have climbed up the social ladder and married into a rich family, but you should find a suitable confidant. What you regard as a treasure is garbage that I don’t want to look at again. How mundane….” 
Rosalind screamed, “Garbage?!” 
Rosalind was so angry that her face alternated between red and white as she exclaimed, “Bella! 
You’re just jealous! The more you curse now, the more it shows how much you care about me being with Justin! You’re calling Justin garbage just to vent your frustration. After all, you spent three years in vain, and it was you who got kicked out by Justin!” 
Bella’s eyes suddenly turned ice-cold. Her cold glare made Rosalind shiver secretly in her heart.
Bella replied, “Excuse me, but you need to know when to stop when things are going well. Just because I am giving you concessions does not mean you can use my kindness to blabber nonsense in front of me. Let me remind you for the last time: don’t use my tolerance as an excuse to push your luck. Otherwise, Ms. Ashley, your days ahead might not be so good.” 
The name “Ashley” was like a thunderbolt on a clear day, shaking Rosalind’s soul. Her face turned ashen, like the bottom of a burnt pot. Her whole body felt a rush of blood. Her breath caught, and she staggered back a tiny step in panic. 
“What’s wrong? Why the sudden change in expression?” Seeing Rosalind turn pale, Bella asked with a smile. “Isn’t Ashley your name from studying abroad in Meridan? I’ve never seen someone react like they’ve heard an exorcism spell just by hearing their name.” 
“I don’t know who Ashley is… I’ve never heard that name. I don’t know what nonsense you’re talking about!” Rosalind’s breathing became more rapid as she attempted to distance herself. After all, the former Ashley was a lustful, money-hungry woman, far from the pure and virtuous image she portrayed for Justin now. 
Bella squinted her dangerously beautiful, almond-shaped eyes. She approached Rosalind with her hands behind her back. Taking two steps closer, she leaned forward, revealing a prophetic and cold smile.
###chapter281
Bella smiled and said, “You can alter your face or name, but it doesn’t change your history, no matter how you try to erase them. There are no secrets that can be hidden forever. There are some things I won’t mention, not because I’m kind, but because they have nothing to do with me, and I can’t be bothered. However, if you dare provoke me again, don’t blame me for unveiling some of your lies.” 
Rosalind’s heart convulsed violently, a shiver coursing down her spine. The thought that Bella knew her secrets left her with an unsettling chill 
By the time Justin came out of Rose Manor, Bella and Christopher had departed. After the conversation with Christopher, Justin sat alone in the cold breeze, stunned. By now, it was already late in the evening. 
Justin had someone escort Rosalind back to the hospital. He then headed to Observation Tide Manor with Ian, who was visibly distressed. 
Ian was so anxious along the way that a cold sweat soaked through his suit. With a red face, he continuously apologized to Justin, “I’m sorry… I’m sorry, Mr. Salvador… Punish me however you see fit! It’s all my fault; I should’ve done better research. I had no idea the person I was dealing with was from the Iverson family! It’s all my fault.” As he talked, the young man. choked on his tears. 
Immersed in thought with closed eyes, Justin let out a faint sigh and said mockingly, “It’s such a trivial matter. Why are you shedding tears over it?” 
Ian stuttered, “But this… doesn’t seem trivial.” 
“Christopher hasn’t been seen in the country for over a decade. It’s understandable if you can’t find information about him,” Justin said, closing his eyes once more and taking a deep breath. “Even if you
uncover something, the outcome will likely be the same. He won’t cooperate with us. The country has several similar rose gardens; just contact them, and we’ll find another supplier.” 
“Yes, I’ll do that tomorrow.” Ian rubbed his eyes and sighed helplessly. “Mr. Iverson is quite generous with Ms. Thompson. For such a significant project, he readily agreed. A regular businessman would weigh multiple options and carefully consider them, wouldn’t they?” 
This remark, like a thorn, dug deep into Justin’s heart. He asked with a solemn tone, “Ian, did I treat Bella poorly before? Did I mess up that badly?” 
As Justin posed the question, Ian’s throat tightened. The pressure to respond to his question left him grappling for words. Despite his straightforward nature, he wasn’t a fool. He had just messed up a task, and now his boss presented him with a life-or-death question. He felt like he was sitting on pins and needles. 
“It’s okay; I don’t blame you. You can speak your mind,” Justin saw through his cautious thoughts. 
lan coughed and cleared his throat before he continued, “Mr. Salvador, to be honest, your treatment of Ms. Thompson… can’t be considered bad. Everything, from food and clothing to daily expenses, was top-notch, Luxury cars and black cards, you never hesitate to provide 
them.” 
‘It was a marriage my grandfather had arranged between her and me-more in name than in fact. As long as it’s within my means, I’ve never been stingy,’ thought Justin as he pinched his nose, a melancholy lingering in his heart. 
Ian added, “If Ms. Thompson had seen this union as a business opportunity, reaping the benefits for three years and then leaving, you indeed haven’t treated her poorly.”
Ian’s tone grew serious, and his brow furrowed. “It’s a shame, though. Ms. Thompson genuinely cares for you. She once loved you wholeheartedly and cared for you tirelessly, day in and day out. Despite your cold treatment and the Salvador family’s mistreatment, she never uttered a complaint. Treating a woman who regarded you as a husband with such cruelty for those three years was just too ruthless. In the eyes of a woman deeply in love with you, the money was a stark humiliation.” 
Justin found himself grappling with emotions. The weight of it sent a shiver down his throat. His chest surged with intense emotions, creating an internal storm he desperately tried to 
suppress. 
Reflecting on those words, “she loved you”, Justin looked like he was on the verge of collapse.
###chapter282
Christopher prepared a special Omakase dinner for Bella, indulging her love for surprises. The air- flown bluefin tuna had a smooth and delicious texture. The tempura was perfectly 
balanced with a crispy exterior and tender interior, while the sashimi was remarkably fresh and velvety. 
Each dish was exceptional and stood out as Bella savored the delicious food and drank some wine. She was re-energized and loosened up to Christopher. 
Christopher was highly knowledgeable in various subjects and found a kindred spirit in Bella, who also shared his knowledge. They discussed literature, music, and even games. There was virtually no topic that Mr. Iverson could not engage in. 
What surprised Bella the most was their shared interest in an online game. They both preferred the role of the primary attacker. Bella’s enthusiasm soared when discussing games. Her face flushed with excitement, and her delicate hands were gesturing in the air as she spoke, revealing a side of her that was particularly lively. 
Christopher smiled indulgently as he let Bella take the lead in the conversation. After a satisfying meal, the two strolled out of the restaurant together. Christopher didn’t bring up collaboration during the enjoyable banquet, and their conversation remained casual, leaving Bella feeling a bit awkward. 
As they were getting ready to say goodbye, Christopher seemed to anticipate what she was about to ask and said, “Bella, regarding the collaboration with Rose Manor, you can send me the proposal whenever you’re ready. Once we review it, we can proceed with signing the contract.” 
“Christopher,” Bella paused for a moment, speaking in a gentle tone, “You chose to
collaborate with me instead of the Salvadors today. I have a feeling that you did it to help me get back at Justin and make him suffer a little.” 
Christopher remained noncommittal, his expression carrying a faint smile as he looked at her. Bella continued, “Remember, the business world isn’t a game. It’s all about looking out for your own interests.” 
After a brief pause, she added, “It’s important to consider your own interests. I hope you’ll be careful and not let personal relationships sway your decision when choosing a business partner. While I do have some issues with Justin, I won’t take advantage of anyone. As for the collaboration with Rose Manor, since he’s also interested, I suggest you review both our proposals and choose the better one through fair competition.” 
As Bella departed Rose Manor, her mind was filled with contemplation. After much reflection, she still felt that collaborating with Christopher in this way wasn’t quite right. While she considered the possibility of benefiting from Salvador’s actions, Bella found it hard to justify acquiring resources through her relationship with Christopher. 
She felt uneasy about achieving success by relying on a man, something that went against her personal values as a young lady who, except for her father and brothers, avoided depending on 
men. 
As they were discussing, Christopher looked deeply into Bella’s clear eyes and nodded with smile, saying, “Yes, that makes sense.” However, Bella was still unsure about collaborating 
Christopher added, “But even if Justin presents a plan to me, I will still choose you.” 
Bella was left speechless. It seemed like Christopher didn’t listen to anything she had said earlier!
Christopher smiled playfully and responded, “Bella, I understand your concerns. However, everyone has their own unique approach, and mine is to work together with acquaintances. I am not familiar with Justin, so I will not choose him. Bella, we have known each other for a long time, and it feels like we are old friends. Therefore, I choose you.” 
Bella listened as he spoke. His words were not unusual, yet they seemed to convey a deep sense of sincerity, almost like a confession. She blinked, feeling a sudden wave of embarrassment wash over her. 
In response, Bella said, “I appreciate the high regard you hold for me, and rest assured, I will do my best to not let you down. However, due to recent matters at my hotel, the proposal may take a little longer than expected. I hope you understand.” Bella spoke with a cooperative and courteous tone, indicating that she no longer had any reservations. 
Christopher opened the door to Bella’s car and said, “No worries. Take your time. It’s chilly, so you should head home soon.” Bella waved goodbye and settled into the car, but Christopher leaned in and looked at her through the window. She asked in surprise, “Is there something wrong?” 
Christopher replied, “Today at Rose Manor, Justin wanted to talk to me privately. Aren’t you curious about what we discussed?” 
Christopher had anticipated that Bella would bring up a certain topic during dinner, but he was mistaken. Bella laughed, exhibiting a confident smile, and stated, “I have no interest in knowing. I am finished with Justin, and whatever he says has no bearing on me.” With that, she bade him farewell and departed.
###chapter283
The Bugatti drifted off into the night sky. Christopher adjusted his glasses, and a smile spread across his face as his heart swelled with excitement. 
The car sped along the road, its engine echoing through the night. 
Bella lowered the car window, enjoying the whistling night breeze, looking at the neon scene on the other side of the river, and fell into deep thought. 
Steven tightened his grip on the steering wheel and asked sullenly, “Ms. Bella, have you become acquainted with Mr. Iverson so quickly?”. 
Bella replied, “It’s not bad. We hit it off quite well.” 
Steven Lovett grumbled discontentedly, “Although Christopher saved you, it’s a fact that he trailed you to the villa. You should be cautious.” 
Bella smiled and said, “Maybe he recognized me and was curious, that’s all. Having interacted with him twice, I don’t think he’s a bad person. It’s just that sometimes he speaks strangely. Perhaps he’s influenced by the bold customs of Sentania?” 
Bella’s eyes sparkled, “The most important thing is, we both love the same game! We even made plans to team up one day!” 
Steven’s bitterness grew as he listened. He pressed his lips together, remained silent momentarily, then asked in a hushed tone, “Ms. Bella, you’ve never been so accommodating and tolerant towards any man you just met. Do you… Perhaps like him a bit?” 
Bella
gave 
Steven Lovett an exasperated look, “Oh, where did you get that idea from?” 
She rolled her eyes and added, “If anything, it’s Christopher who likes me. Besides, why would I be interested in a man? I have better things to do! Men will only hinder my money-making speed!” 
Steven couldn’t help but chuckle, dispelling his worries. Steven silently reassured himself,” Fortunately, Christopher hadn’t swayed Ms. Bella.’ 
At that moment, the sports car glided over a speed bump, and a card slipped from the flower basket. “Hmm, what’s this?” Bella frowned, bending down to pick it up. 
Upon opening it, the elegant and beautiful handwritten note revealed the words left by Christopher: “Don’t miss out on the good times in this moment of youth.” 
Bella narrowed her eyes slightly and thought, ‘This Christopher is quite interesting.’ 
Breaking the silence, Steven asked, “You ran into Rosalind again today. Did she say anything unpleasant?” He asked with concern, remembering the infuriating face of that vile woman. 
“What do you think?” Bella responded, raising an eyebrow coldly. “Can an animal stop behaving like one?” 
“Ms. Bella, Rosalind had already made a move against you. She’s even willing to sacrifice her own life to climb the social ladder.” Concerned, Steven asked Bella, “How do you plan to deal with this?” 
Bella replied, “Steve, I don’t need you to assist me here for the next few days. Instead, go take care of something for me.” 
Steven replied, “What are your instructions, Ms. Bella?”
“I need you to keep an eye on Jean, Rosalind’s mother,” Bella said calmly while caressing the roses in the basket. Her expression turned cold as she continued, “After tonight, Rosalind won’t be able to control herself anymore. She will make a move soon.” 
“Did you mention something to her tonight?” Steven frowned in confusion. 
“I dropped a hint about her past in the Meridan. She was so shocked.” Bella smiled as she recalled the ghostly look on Rosalind’s face. 
Steven asked with concern, “Isn’t that giving the enemy a heads-up?” 
Bella shook her finger playfully and said, “I wasn’t trying to alert the enemy but rather lure the snake out of its hole. I deliberately said things to Rosalind tonight to provoke her. The closer she gets to being engaged to Justin, the more agitated she becomes. She’s completely focused on marrying into the Salvador family and will stop at nothing to eliminate any obstacles.” 
Steven suddenly realized and exclaimed, “So she will definitely look for that child and hide her again?!” 
Bella smiled slyly, nodding. “Rosalind is currently confined to the hospital daily, making it inconvenient for her to scheme. So, she will likely assign this task to her mother. After all, only her mother knows about the girl’s location. I’ve already cast the bait. Now we just wait for the fish to bite.”
###chapter284
Rosalind returned to the hospital, full of panic and confusion. Bella’s ominous words echoed in her mind, and she anxiously bit her nails as she paced around the hospital room. 
Rosalind was worried. She couldn’t let Bella, a Thompson, uncover her past in the Meridan. She knew Bella was very cunning and would likely discover even more soon. Rosalind couldn’t just sit around and do nothing. She had to take some measures to prevent this from happening. 
Trembling, Rosalind called Memphis with bloodshot eyes and a hoarse throat. She finally heard his voice after a long ring. Memphis finally answered the call, “What’s the matter in the middle of the night…” 
“Memphis, Bella is investigating me and may soon discover our relationship. I’m anxious and worried,” she said, her voice hoarse. “You need to leave Savrow as soon as possible.” 
Memphis sneered, “Are you trying to get rid of me? I won’t let you go without getting my money.” 
Frustrated and enraged, Rosalind yelled, “If Bella finds out about us, my engagement with Justin will be ruined! You won’t get a single penny. Forget about five million!” 
Memphis replied, “Fine, fine, fine… I’ll trust you just this once. But don’t play tricks, or else…” 
Rosalind assured him, “I promise you won’t be shortchanged on the money! To avoid complications, let’s not contact each other during this period.” 
After saying this, Rosalind hung up the phone, but her hands still trembled. She took a moment to compose herself and then called her mother, Jean. 
any
“Mom, please come to the hospital right away. I have something urgent to discuss with you!” 
In the basement, Bella held Memphis’ phone in her hands. These days, Memphis was kept locked up in the dungeon and was under constant surveillance. He had no chance to escape and was granted the small mercy of being able to sit in a chair instead of being hung upside down. 
This slight change almost made him want to bow down and express gratitude to Bella. After all, if he continued to hang upside down, his brain might end up congested, possibly dying. 
Bella handed the phone to Steven, playfully raising her eyebrows. “Not bad. I see your acting skills are becoming more exquisite.” 
Memphis turned pale as he responded, “No. It’s only natural that I do this for you, Ms. Bella.” 
Having recently lost two tendons, leaving him virtually incapacitated, Memphis had no desire to go through the same painful experience once again. 
Bella smirked. “It will be Rosalind’s birthday in a few days.” 
She sat elegantly in the chair, crossing her legs. She spoke firmly. “When the time comes, I need you to cooperate in our little drama. You can make amends for your mistakes if you play your part well. I will send you to prison for reform. However, if you do not perform well, your sins will escalate, and I will make sure you end up in hell!” 
Memphis was sweating profusely and stuttered, “I… I’ll do whatever you tell me, Ms. 
Thompson!” 
Bella pursed her lips and chuckled. “I heard that you only eat a bun a day. How do you manage that? Steve, please bring some food over.”
Steven responded, “Yes, Ms. Bella.” 
Steven arrived with a tray of food for Memphis, which included four slices of toast, a roasted chicken, and a bottle of beer! Memphis had been surviving on stale bread for days, causing him to become visibly emaciated. At the sight of the roasted chicken, he looked at it longingly, tears and drool streaming down his face simultaneously. 
Steven placed the plate of food before Memphis and said, “Go ahead and eat it. This is a reward from Ms. Thompson.” He had a cold expression on his face, almost as if he were serving dog food to Memphis. 
Memphis swallowed the food, and his eyes glistened with tears. With a pitiful look, he asked, Ms. Thompson, this is so luxurious… Could it be my last meal before execution?” 
|| 
Bella emerged from the dungeon, stretching in a luxurious yawn. She turned to Steven and said, “It’s time to head home. Let’s go.” 
Steven quietly asked, “Ms. Bella, why bother preparing a meal for that wretched guy?” He recalled the events of that particular night, his heartache visible and his eyes faintly reddened. He said, “He is a profit-driven and ruthless beast. It is too generous to feed him like this!” Bella responded, “To bring down Rosalind, I need Memphis to lend me a hand.”
###chapter285
Bella yawned tiredly and said, “Memphis must harbor resentment towards me and Rosalind, given his captivity.”. 
She continued, “But if I show him a little kindness while he’s on the brink of mental collapse, I’m confident he’ll be profoundly grateful to me and channel his hatred towards Rosalind. At that point, he’ll put all his energy into seeking revenge against her.” 
Steven complimented, “Ms. Bella, you’re so intelligent.” He added, “I can’t wait to see them fight!” 
A week later. 
Bella finished a thorough inspection of the restaurant and returned to her office, feeling satisfied. It had been almost six months since she took over the hotel, and every aspect of the business was thriving with an increase in profits. 
During the recent evaluation, the hotel not only successfully retained its star rating but was also awarded the title of “Most Popular Hotel of the Year.” 
Bella, however, had her sights set higher. She aspired to win the prestigious “Best Hotel of the Year” title, which had been held by the Salvador family for five consecutive years. With Bella on board, the Thompson family had a chance to claim the coveted title and steal the limelight. 
Bella surprised Steven by accepting interviews from three well-known media outlets and making public appearances, which was quite different from her usual discreet approach. She had her reasons for taking such bold actions. Bella realized that relying solely on being Wyatt’s daughter would not earn the trust of everyone if she wanted to become the CEO of KS Group.
In order to establish herself, she understood that she couldn’t remain a silent leader in the shadows. She had to step forward into the limelight and showcase her achievements to the people of KS Group. 
When Wyatt entrusted her with the hotel’s management, it was akin to handing her a ladder. Bella seized this opportunity and intended to make the most of it. 
Bella achieved another significant victory in her pursuits. She was with Steven and about to ask for another cup of coffee when she remembered that Steven had left to handle an important matter. A week had passed, and with Rosalind’s birthday banquet approaching in just two days, Steven had not yet returned. 
Bella closed her eyes and lightly tapped her fingers on the table. She was confident that her strategy was right on target. Therefore, she remained calm and patient. 
Just then, Bella received a phone call. On the screen, she saw that it was her beloved disciple, Roza Walker. 
She quickly answered with a smile, “Roza, what delightful news do you have for me this time?” 
Roza greeted her on the phone, “Master!” 
Roza spoke in a sweet and friendly tone, “I have baked some homemade pastries and have the 
finest tea ready for you. Would you like to drop by my place today for a treat?” She had set aside her usual cold demeanor and opted for a gentler approach. 
Bella saw through Roza’s scheme. “You want me to check out Rozabela’s new haute couture designs again, don’t you?” she responded. 
Roza playfully ed and said, “Come on, Master, don’t expose me!”
Bella offered Roza heartfelt encouragement, saying, “Your talents are exceptional! You no longer need my guidance. You’ve become an inspiration to numerous aspiring designers and have carved out a significant reputation in the fashion industry. Trust your instincts. If I meddle too much, it might overshadow the essence of your work. Believe in yourself, Roza!” 
“Thank you, Master. Without you, I would not have achieved what I have today.” Roza remained as humble as she was in her unknown days. Deep down inside, Bella remained her inspiring role model. 
Roza hesitated for a moment before she continued, “Master, actually, there’s something else I need to share, but I’m afraid it might upset you.” 
She added, “Just an hour ago, that bitch, Rosalind, showed up again, pestering me for clothes. She had her eyes set on the silver off-the-shoulder dress hanging in the design room. Honestly, she has no shame!” 
Bella asked casually, “Did you give it to her?” 
Roza’s voice softened. “Well, that’s why I am here to apologize to you, Master. 
Bella reassured her, “I completely understand. Much like me, you do everything with a purpose and reason. You have your own goals.” 
Roza’s disdainful snort cut through the air as she recounted the scene. “That dress she borrowed, a high-end design, mind you, is so last year-already out of fashion. And the fit? Oh, it’s a disaster. The bust and waist measurements don’t suit her figure at all, but she insisted on flaunting the dress anyway!” 
A cold laugh escaped Roza’s lips. “I made it crystal clear to her that each haute couture piece I create is unique and precious. She’s allowed to borrow, but if she dares to alter any of my designs, even with
a safety pin, I’ll make her compensate five times the price!” 
Bella chuckled, her eyes slightly narrowed. “Won’t there be issues with wearing such an ill- fitting dress?” 
Roza responded with a shrug. “Whether there’s an issue or not is not my concern. After all, it’s Rosalind’s reputation at stake. Don’t you agree, Master?”
###chapter286
Rosalind had channeled all her energy and effort into preparing for her birthday banquet. 
She was full of vitality, far from resembling a bedridden soul. Her days were spent coordinating venues and preparing her outfits and makeup. For those unaware, one might think she was preparing for an engagement celebration. 
During this time, Justin saw that her condition had improved and stopped visiting her at the hospital. 
Despite the underlying discontent in her heart, Rosalind prioritized organizing the birthday banquet. On the eve of the birthday banquet, she found herself in her room, struggling with the dress she had borrowed from Roza. 
She had a delicate figure like a willow, but the dress was too loose in the chest area, rendering it impossible for her to wear. Two maids were sweating profusely, but their efforts were in vain as the dress could not fit. 
Rosalind pushed the maids away. Her cheeks flushed angrily as she exclaimed in frustration. How did the Golds hire a bunch of useless people like you?” 
One of the maids timidly suggested, “Ms. Rosalind, perhaps we could call a tailor to come and make adjustments or use a couple of pins to fix it?” 
Rosalind was so irritated that she was sweating, but she didn’t want to admit that she was afraid of losing money. The dress was worth seven figures, and she had signed an agreement. If it got dirty, damaged, or altered without permission, even if it was just a pin, she would have to compensate Roza five times the value. Setting aside the pain of parting with money, she couldn’t let that woman, Roza, earn a single extra cent from her!
Rosalind was extremely annoyed, so much so that she was sweating profusely. However, she didn’t want to acknowledge that her irritation stemmed from her fear of losing money. The dress she had borrowed was worth a fortune, and she had signed an agreement wherein she would have to pay Roza five times the value of the dress if it was damaged, soiled, or altered without permission. Apart from the pain of losing such a large sum of money, she was determined not to let Roza earn even a single extra penny from her! Rosalind screamed, “Get some tape for me right away! Hurry!” 
Soon, the maids brought tape and skillfully fixed it to the chest area of the dress. Rosalind attempted to try it on again, and it stayed in place. 
The maids praised enthusiastically, “You’re so clever, Ms. Rosalind! This trick worked!” 
Rosalind breathed a sigh of relief, displaying a triumphant expression. 
At that moment, there was a knock on the door. Jean, who appeared tense, walked into the 
room. 
“Mom!” Rosalind was anxiously fidgeting with her dress upon seeing her mother. She quickly instructed the maids to leave the room, ensuring privacy for the impending conversation. 
Jean locked the door behind them as the maids swiftly exited the room. 
Rosalind rushed forward anxiously while clutching her dress. “Mom, how did things go?!” 
(( 
Jean firmly grasped her daughter’s hand, her palm cold, and said, “It’s settled.” 
Rosalind squeezed her mother’s hand appreciatively, her expression darkening with the weight of the situation. “Mom, you’ve worked hard on this trip. I won’t forget the kindness. you’ve shown me. I’ll take
good care of you and repay you in the future!” 
Jean’s face turned pale, and she locked her gaze with Rosalind. “What are you saying, Rosalind?” 
Jean continued, “You’re my flesh and blood. Who else can I stand by if I don’t stand by you? Now that you and Justin have reconciled and Gregory supports your marriage, we’re just one step away. I won’t let anyone or anything stop you from marrying into a wealthy family!” 
The much-anticipated birthday banquet unfolded the following day as dusk settled and the lights began to shine. The Gold family spared no expense, reserving the grandest banquet hall at the Salvador Hotel to host the guests. 
This choice highlighted the strong family ties between the two families and symbolized unity beyond kinship. 
Also, Shannon, acting on behalf of Gregory, extended invitations to many distinguished guests from Savrow and across the country to support her niece. The event’s grandeur made people think it was Shannon’s second wedding. 
The music played melodiously within the lavish banquet hall, and the guests were elegantly dressed. The wealthy and influential figures from Savrow who attended the event did so to celebrate the birthday and as a gesture of respect towards Gregory. 
Although Shannon had previously been summoned to the prosecutor’s office for an informal investigation, it ultimately revealed that her cousin was responsible for the messy affairs. 
Now, she had been revitalized, appearing carefree as she walked arm in arm with her husband, attending the event in splendid attire, and engaging in lively conversations with the other guests. 
The guests continue to congratulate both Gregory and Shannon.
Shannon was radiant. Her spirits were remarkably high. “Today is my dear niece’s birthday. You should congratulate her.” 
“Ms. Rosalind is Justin’s fiancee, the president of Salvador Corporation. I suppose 
congratulations are for you two as well. The Salvador’s are on the brink of welcoming a new member!” 
Another person laughed and added, “Congratulations to you both!”
###chapter287
Amidst the celebration, Bethany was chatting with several acquaintances. 
“Congratulations, Bethany! You’re about to have a sister-in-law soon,” Amy teased with a 
smile. 
“Oh, your words aren’t accurate. It should be ‘another’ sister-in-law.” Beatrice joked. 
“Nevertheless, novelty always trumps the old, right? Besides, Ms. Gold is also the niece of Mrs. Salvador. It’s a double kinship. They should get along very well in the future. Don’t you think so?” 
Bethany smiled with a thin disguise, concealing her true feelings. ‘As if we’ll get along!’ 
Amy remarked, “I heard before that Rosalind and Justin were childhood sweethearts. After overcoming numerous obstacles in recent years, they finally found success in their relationship. Right after divorcing his ex-wife, Justin was now welcoming her into the family. It seems like their love is undeniable.” 
Beatrice added, “Bethany, when will your brother stop attracting so much romantic interest? When will you introduce a boyfriend and let us relish the sweetness of your wedding plans?” 
Upon hearing those, Bethany eagerly scanned the crowd, hoping to catch a glimpse of her crush, the wealthy and eligible young master, Ryan Hoffman. 
Meanwhile, Ryan and Justin were waiting in the luxurious presidential suite. 
The two of them sat by the window, impeccably dressed in stylish suits. They gazed at the dazzling Savrow skyline, lit up by the bustling city.
Ryan wore a white suit with a black shirt tonight. He had a black choker with a golden rose pendant around his neck that added a touch of aristocratic charm and seduction to his overall appearance. As a result, he looked incredibly appealing and irresistible. 
Justin, on the other hand, was dressed in his customary outfit, consisting of a black suit, black shirt, and black tie. The only adornment present was the gold dragon design on his collar pin, emphasizing his exquisite sense of style and commanding presence as a person in complete 
control. 
Ryan exclaimed, “Goodness gracious.” 
Ryan found it amusing how the man next to him emanated a somber vibe. He couldn’t resist playfully teasing Justin. “If someone sees you dressed like that, they might think you’re going to a funeral instead of a birthday party.” 
Justin had a cold expression on his face and replied sarcastically, “Black is usually worn during funerals, but does wearing white change the occasion?” 
Ryan was surprised and jokingly said, “Wow, it seems like God really knows how to balance things out. You have an incredibly handsome face, but it’s paired with a really rude attitude!” 
Ryan shifted his attention to the collar pin on Justin’s neck and remarked, “This little thing is quite unique. Can I borrow it for a couple of days?” 
Justin responded firmly, “Absolutely not.” 
Ryan let out a sigh and said, “Back in the day, we used to share each other’s underwear. Now I only ask to borrow a collar pin and you act like I’m asking for a leg. Are you becoming stingier as you age?” 
Ian entered the room in a hurry and walked straight to them. “Excuse me, sir. Ms. Rosalind
sent me to remind you that the opening speech for the birthday banquet is about to start. She kindly invites you to join her on stage.” 
Justin coldly refused, “I’m not going.” 
Ian’s eyebrow twitched with satisfaction. “Alright, I’ll go inform her that you will not be attending!” He just loved seeing his boss put Ms. Rosalind in her place and felt inexplicably satisfied. 
Ryan teased at him from the corner, “After she just recovered from a depressive episode and attempted suicide, you’re provoking her again. Aren’t you afraid she’ll slash her wrists in front of you the next time?” 
Justin wore a somber expression. “I can’t be on stage with her for the event tonight,” he stated, his voice devoid of emotion. 
Ryan wondered in bewilderment, “Why not? Aren’t you dating her?” 
Justin simply responded, “I have decided to break up with her.” 
Ryan’s eyes widened in disbelief at what he had just heard. On the other hand, Ian was so shocked that he almost shouted in excitement! 
Justin looked down and spoke in a calm tone, “I haven’t told her yet because I want to make sure she’s healthy and well before I do so.” He continued, “Once she’s stable, I plan on breaking up with her. I want to reduce the damage as much as possible. After all, she saved me once.” 
Ryan blinked his eyes, seemingly enlightened. Suddenly, he leaned towards Justin and asked, ” Justin, please tell me the truth. Are you breaking up with Rosalind because you have feelings for Bella?” 
Justin felt a sharp pain in his chest, as if his breath had momentar
###chapter288
At the Salvador Hotel, Rosalind was enjoying her glorious moment under the spotlights. Meanwhile, Bella drove alone in her Bugatti. She cruised along the mountain road, encircling Crescent Bay while enjoying the gentle breeze. 
Inside the car, the cheerful tune played, and she sang along while driving, an air of happiness surrounding her. 
At this moment, Axel’s call came in. 
Bella answered the call in a sweet and tender voice, “Hello, Ax!” 
“Oh my, how sweet. I’m tempted to record this and send it to Drew just to make him jealous!” Axel laughed. His voice was cheerful and lively. 
“Since you 
called me, does this mean 
Circling back to the serious matter, Bella asked, “Since everything has been sorted?” 
Axel answered, “Yes, everything is all prepared, Asher’s side included, “Axel said proudly.” Your brothers are very capable, so just rest assured.” 
“I’m on my way to visit Grandpa Nigel now.” Bella continued, “I heard that everyone in the Salvador family was coerced by Shannon to attend Rosalind’s birthday banquet. Only Grandpa Nigel chose not to go.” 
Bella sat in silence, lost in her own thoughts. ‘Grandpa Nigel enjoys lively moments. He keeps it to himself, not wanting to trouble anyone, but he is really afraid of loneliness. Grandpa Nigel has always cared for me deeply. I should be there by his side now.’
When thinking about Nigel, Bella’s eyes held a soft, warm light. She could not help but feel sad 
for him. 
Back when she was still Justin’s wife, she would keep Nigel company whenever she could. They would have the most wonderful conversation. They even wrote poetry and appraised antiques together. She would even serenade him with his favorite opera songs and take long walks by the beach. Their time together was always filled with warmth. 
On the last Valentine’s Day, there was a heavy snowfall in Savrow. Despite the harsh weather, Bella decided to visit Nigel at his place with handmade snacks. She still clearly remembers the day when Nigel saw her with her red face and nose due to the cold and was surprised to see her 
there. 
Nigel exclaimed, “Bella, it’s Valentine’s Day! Why aren’t you spending it with Justin? What brings you to this old man’s place?” At that moment, Bella was still deeply in love with Justin and quickly made up an excuse for her visit to Nigel’s house. 
Bella replied, “Justin is the president of Salvador Group. He’s always busy with work. Even on Valentine’s Day, presidents don’t get a day off. Besides, Justin has prepared a gift for me. It’s the thought that counts.” 
Nigel sighed and said, “Young lady, you’re too kind and patient. If you want to get through to Justin, you need to be tougher. He’s a stubborn mule, just like I used to be when I was young. Your grandmother either gave me an earful or pinched my thigh. That’s how she managed to tame me into a good husband.”. 
She merely chuckled in response.
The two admired the falling snow for a while, and Nigel suddenly said, “Bella, are you afraid of the cold?” Without waiting for her to answer, he continued, “Don’t be afraid! Let’s go visit Grandma.” 
Nigel’s eyes showed the deep affection that Bella could only ask for in her life. “I’m going to sweep away the snow for your grandma. She’s afraid of the cold.” 
Soon, Bella arrived at Nigel’s house and called out, “Grandpa! I’m here!” 
Just like in the past, Bella’s clear and melodious voice echoed throughout every corner of the living room as soon as she entered. 
“Annie!” An equally sweet and pleasant voice called out. Carrie walked out while pushing Nigel in a wheelchair. 
Bella was surprised. “Carrie?! You’re here too!” 
Bella was delighted to see Justin’s younger sister, Carrie, here. She ran over and gave Carrie a tight embrace. 
Responding to Bella’s hug, Carrie used her hands to feel around her thin back and asked, ” Bella, you’re so thin now! You weren’t this thin before. Haven’t you been eating well lately?” 
She replied with a smile, “I’ve been eating well.” 
Bella had indeed lost some weight recently. Due to her busy schedule at work, she has been skipping meals. 
Nigel called out, “My dear, come over and let Grandpa have a look at you!” 
Nigel was so delighted to see Bella that he continued to call her affectionately, just like before. Bella did not mind because she had no lingering attachment to Justin. As long as Nigel was happy, it did not
matter to her. 
Bella kneeled next to the wheelchair. “Grandpa, your complexion looks a bit off. Haven’t you been resting well lately?” She asked with concern as she looked at Nigel.
###chapter289
“It’s just an old ailment acting up. Nothing serious.” Nigel assured Bella as he gently caressed her head. His face was pale with a greyish tint. 
Bella held Nigel’s left hand and carefully checked his pulse, feeling a heavy sensation in her 
heart. 
After a while, she said seriously, “Grandpa, I will dedicate a specific time each week to give you acupuncture, and I’ll also prepare a new set of medicines for you. You must not neglect this, and Uncle Matt will supervise your medication.” 
Nigel spoke softly, “My dear, you’re not the person you were before. You’re now the heiress of the Thompson family, and Wyatt loves and cares for you deeply. How can I let you take on all these responsibilities? I heard from Justin that you’re also managing the Thompson Hotel, which must be challenging. Don’t go through all this trouble. I have Matt taking care of me, and that’s enough.” 
Although Nigel wanted to see her often, he worried she would exhaust herself. 
Upon hearing this, Bella was slightly stunned. She had not expected that Justin would discuss her affairs with Nigel. He seemed to completely disregard her in the past, treating her like an 
ornament. 
She wondered, ‘Now that they were separated, he was reminiscing about her. What was going on?’ 
Bella raised an eyebrow and said, “So what if I am Wyatt’s daughter? Are you saying that I can’t be your granddaughter?” She continued confidently, “I have control over my own life. I will do whatever I like!”
Her fiery and cute act made both Nigel and Carrie smile. 
At that moment, her phone vibrated. Bella lowered her gaze to the screen and saw a message. 
[Steven: Ms. Bella, everything is ready. I will be waiting for your orders.] 
A magnificent stage adorned with flowers in the banquet hall took the spotlight. 
As the lights gradually dimmed, those on the stage became increasingly dazzling. Justin and Ryan entered the venue fashionably late, arriving later than expected. 
Despite their attempt to maintain a low profile, their charming presence instantly captured the audience’s attention. 
The eyes of the guests swirled around Justin, sparking hushed discussions. 
A guest muttered, “I can’t believe it. The usually reserved Justin is attending the birthday banquet of the Gold family’s heiress. That woman must have quite the influence.” 
Another guest chimed in, “Did you think this was just a simple birthday banquet? You’re too naive! Haven’t you noticed? Rosalind’s parents, as well as the Salvador family, are all here. This birthday banquet is a cover, and they will likely announce more important news.” 
Someone else added, “Oh, so that’s what is happening. It seems like I came at the right time. 
Anything interesting going on?” 
A random guest said, “Nothing hurts more than comparison. I have discovered some interesting details through my connections with the Salvadors. When Justin married for the first time, it was a covert affair. There was no grand ceremony, just secrecy. That woman spent. three quiet years with Justin. And now,
look at them. They’re throwing a grand celebration for the girlfriend’s birthday. Can you imagine how extravagant their wedding will be when they tie the knot? If I were the ex-wife, I’d be heartbroken!” 
Hearing the whispered words, Justin felt as if someone had slapped him in the face. His heart was riddled with guilt toward Bella. 
When he was married, Justin never thought he had wronged Bella. But now, after the divorce, he felt like a sinner. He was scrutinized and scorned by everyone. His personal affairs were exposed and laid bare for everyone to see. 
Ryan elbowed Justin and asked, “Justin… Are you okay? Why do you look so pale?” 
Justin replied, “I’m fine.” He took a deep breath and tried to calm his turbulent emotions. 
In the front row of the audience, Gregory and the Gold family sat together, giving the impression that both sides’ parents were attending a wedding ceremony. 
Suddenly, the lights changed, and delightful music filled the air. 
Amidst the enthusiastic applause, Rosalind made her entrance. She wore a silver couture evening gown adorned with jewelry worth millions of dollars. Her dress elegantly showcased her shoulders and wrapped around her bountiful figure. Accompanied by Shannon, she gracefully bowed to the audience, expressing her gratitude for their attendance. 
Someone in the audience couldn’t help but exclaim, “Wow! Look at her! She’s wearing an haute couture gown designed by Roza Walker!” 
Another added, “So beautiful… It’s just a birthday banquet! And she borrowed a million-dollar dress. Mr. Salvador showers her with affection!”
Hearing the whispers from the audience below, Rosalind was on cloud nine as she basked in the spotlight. 
The only regret was that Justin was not standing by her side. Regardless, she was the center of attention tonight. She would not let anything dampen her mood. 
Shannon approached the stage and spoke into the microphone, “I want to thank all of you for being here today to celebrate my niece Rosalind’s birthday. This moment is extraordinary, and I know Rosalind will forever cherish the memories we create together.” 
She then took Rosalind’s hand and looked at her lovingly, seemingly motherly, conveying the depth of her affection. “Before we continue, there is an important announcement that I would like to share with all of you.” A sudden hush fell over the audience. 
Gregory maintained a subtle smile, his expression unreadable. Meanwhile, the Gold family couple’s eyes gleamed with excitement. 
“Rosalind is officially getting engaged to Justin!” Shannon announced.
###chapter290
“Wow!” The audience gasped, followed by vigorous applause. 
Ryan was momentarily stunned before he turned to look at Justin with concern. 
Justin stood motionless, like a frozen sculpture. He gave off a cold aura that prevented anyone from getting close. 
Unconcerned about his feelings, a beam of light swept through the crowd and shined on Justin, who had turned pale in shock. 
Shannon tightly held Rosalind’s hand, her face glowing with excitement. “Rosalind and Justin have known each other since they were kids, facing challenges together. Now, they are getting married. The Salvador family is thrilled, and we wanted to share this good news with all the esteemed guests!” 
Rosalind’s cheeks were rosy, and her eyes were filled with the shy smile of a new bride. She looked affectionately at Justin in the audience, thinking his stiff expression was due to 
nervousness. 
Bella was busy in the kitchen, preparing soup for Nigel and Carrie. 
Suddenly, Carrie rushed in, screaming, “Bella, something’s wrong!” Her face was pale, and her hands trembled as she cried, “Grandpa… Grandpa has fainted! He fainted!” 
Bella was momentarily stunned as she processed the news. Her pupils contracted, and her heart pounded in her ears. Regaining a sense of clarity, she dropped the spoon in her hand and rushed out of the kitchen.
Nigel lay flat on the floor in the living room, his eyes wide open. His limbs were cold and convulsing like an epileptic seizure. His mouth twisted, and drool flowed uncontrollably. 
Bella gasped, realizing that Nigel was having a severe stroke! 
Matt was burning with anxiety, nearly on the verge of tears, and cried out, “Old Master Nigel! I’ve already called for an ambulance! Hold on, Old Master!” 
“Uncle Matt, don’t panic! I won’t let anything happen to Grandpa!” Bella clenched her teeth, quickly kneeling beside Nigel, performing preliminary first aid efficiently. 
Both Matt and Carrie were stunned. The only difference between her and a professional doctor was that Bella was not wearing a white coat. 
Bella’s forehead was covered with sweat by now. She anxiously asked, “Uncle Matt, is the set of acupuncture needles that Grandpa usually uses still here?” 
Matt immediately answered, “Yes!” 
Bella instructed Matt to bring them over quickly. She took a deep breath, her eyes reddening with intense determination. 
She continued, “The ambulance is too slow! I need to give Grandpa acupuncture quickly to buy him some time!” 
The joint performance by Rosalind and Shannon at the banquet hall brought the celebration to its peak! The daughters of the social elite looked on with envy and jealousy at the woman on stage, who seemed like a noble princess.
All the socialite daughters present cast jealous looks toward Rosalind on the stage, who resembled a noble princess. 
The consensus held by her peer was, ‘How much good karma did she accumulate in her previous life? Why is Rosalind so lucky to marry Mr. Salvador? I’m so jealous!’ 
One guest seemed to take notice and whispered, “Look at her loose-fitting dress. Could it be that she’s carrying Justin’s child? In upper-class society, isn’t this kind of thing common?” 
Someone added, “Oh, now that you mention it, I did feel that her dress seemed weird when she came out. It is quite possible!” 
-“Pregnancy before marriage? That’s not true love. It’s just a scheme, so despicable.” 
-“If scheming can get you married to Mr. Salvador, I’d willingly become a lowly woman for once! This move is truly a jackpot!”
###chapter291
Rosalind was aware of the cacophony of voices below the stage. However, she carried herself like an elegant swan, lifting her chin, unfazed and even more spirited. 
“Go ahead, say what you want,’ thought Rosalind to herself. My splendid life has just begun, while you could only be frogs at the bottom of the well looking up at me!” 
“Justin! Look at this!” Ryan’s eyes widened as he stared at the trending search online before quickly handing Justin the phone. 
There, the top trending topic that boldly caught everyone’s attention pierced through the mysterious depths of the man’s eyes-#JustinAndRosalindsEngagement. 
Shocked, Ryan immediately asked in Justin’s ear. “Justin, I’m baffled right now. Didn’t you tell me you were breaking up with Rosalind? Why did your stepmother announce your engagement? Now, it’s trending! It seems Gregory isn’t against it. What the hell is going on? Are you breaking up with her or not?” 
A buzzing sound echoed in Justin’s ears as his hand clenched and his muscles tensed beneath his suit. 
He felt like a fully drawn bow, his chest holding back a surge of intense frustration, teetering on the edge of breaking loose. 
Suddenly-! 
The giant screen, which initially had beautiful pink floating flowers in the background, suddenly turned to darkness.
“Huh? What’s going on?” 
“Power outage? Or did the screen malfunction?” 
Amidst the confusion, the screen flickered back to life. 
Instead of the pink flowers, there was now a photo of a girl! 
The girl in the photo was thin and small, with messy hair on her head and tattered clothes. She was crying, with tears and snot all over her face. 
She looked extremely pitiful, making the crowd feel sorry just by looking at her. 
“My goodness! Whose child is this? She looks so miserable!” 
“Yeah! Is Ms. Gold using this birthday banquet as a charity fundraiser? Then I have to donate some. I am the most enthusiastic about charity!” 
Hearing the discussions below, Rosalind and Jean realized that something was wrong quickly turned around to look at the screen. “Wait, what’s going on?” Shannon asked, surprised. 
and 
“Who is that dirty child? How could such a thing appear at my birthday banquet? Did the backstage crew make a mistake?” Rosalind’s jaw dropped as she stared blankly at the screen with the little girl. 
Jean turned pale and jumped up from her chair like it was on fire. She pointed at the screen and 
shouted, “What’s going on?! Turn it off! Turn the screen off now!” 
The crowd around her was startled, looking at her with puzzled expressions.
Even Gregory and Patrick needed clarification. They could not understand why a small screen malfunction triggered such an exaggerated reaction. 
Suddenly, from somewhere in the audience, a man’s hoarse voice echoed. “Turn it off? Why turn it off?” 
Rosalind followed the voice around the room. When Memphis’s sinister face appeared in her sight, she almost screamed from fear! 
Rosalind broke into a cold sweat, soaking through her expensive haute couture dress. Her legs were shaking uncontrollably under her skirt. Her delicately made-up face was as stiff as a mask! 
Memphis sneered and took a few steps forward into the light. The rough-looking man quickly drew everyone’s attention. 
He declared, “Family members should be united. While you’re enjoying yourselves here, eating and drinking extravagantly, this poor child is suffering from abuse and hardship in an orphanage in Meridan. Rosalind, as the child’s mother, do you still have any conscience?!”
###chapter292
‘Daughter? My… Daughter?!’ Rosalind couldn’t help but tremble uncontrollably at the thought. It was as if two sledgehammers were relentlessly pounding on her temples. Her mind only had one thought, ‘Why! This matter was supposed to be a secret!’ 
Once the news was revealed, the girl did seem to resemble her more and more! 
“It’s impossible… Impossible!” Rosalind muttered to herself as if she were under a spell. 
“Hehe, how ridiculous. How ironic.” Memphis stared at her ghostly, pale face and chuckled ominously. “As the biological mother of the child, how could you not recognize your own daughter?” 
Memphis sneered, “You really are a ‘dutiful’ mother.” 
The entire venue was thrown into chaos, like a massive stone plunging into the sea and creating shockwaves. Half of the attendees looked up at the panicking Rosalind on stage, while the other half gazed down at the icy-cold Justin, whose clenched teeth revealed his true feelings. The spotlight shining on him seemed to have a green tint to it. 
Shannon’s elegant and noble demeanor crumbled as she grabbed Rosalind forcefully and whispered through gritted teeth, “Rosalind! What’s going on? Who is this man? How did he get in? What’s your relationship with him?” 
Meanwhile, Jean, who was a caring mother but also feared the exposure of a scandal, rushed towards Memphis in a fit of fury. “Where did you come from, you filthy rogue?! How dare you defame 
my daughter!”
Memphis, who was used to boxing, had quick reflexes. He promptly dodged Jean’s attack, causing her to dive into the air. Her arms flailed wildly as she staggered forward and landed on the ground with a muffled thud. The room was filled with bursts of snickers that echoed around. 
Patrick felt embarrassed as his face turned crimson. He didn’t want to admit that the woman 
in front of him was his wife. 
Rosalind was afraid and shouted for help, ignoring her mother. She wanted to get rid of Memphis and urged her bodyguards to come quickly. “Someone, bodyguards! Drag this presumptuous rogue out of here! Hurry!” she exclaimed. 
Memphis was overcome with anger when he saw the woman refusing to admit her fault. He was about to speak when suddenly, a low, chilling, yet magnetic voice echoed from behind. 
“No one is allowed to take him away,” Justin said, his eyes visibly reddening. He advanced step by step towards Rosalind. 
He gazed at Rosalind, who stood on the stage, trembling. In his childhood, she was as kind as an angel, and as an adult, she was as warm as the sun. She had always told him that he was the only man in her life and that she loved only him. He felt a sense of terrifying unfamiliarity as he watched the same face he had known since his childhood. His breath got stuck in his throat. 
“Justin… I’m being framed! Somebody has brought in a strange man to tell lies and ruin my reputation!” 
Rosalind was in a state of panic and clumsily rushed towards Justin, almost tripping over the 
hem of her own dress in the process. The short distance between them felt like an arduous journey, akin to crossing mountains and wading through water.
She reached Justin unsteadily, feeling as though her legs might give way. Desperately grabbing his arms, her fingers tightened as if holding on for dear life. 
Rosalind begged, “Justin, darling! From the beginning until now… I’ve loved you with all my heart! Even during our three years apart, I remained chaste for you! This man… I don’t know who sent him to sow discord! Please, don’t listen to his nonsense! You must believe me, Justin, darling!” 
Memphis laughed at the absurdity of Rosalind’s claim. “Hahaha… I don’t know if you only love him. But remaining chaste…?” he asked, finding it quite thrilling to witness someone telling such an enormous lie. 
Rosalind’s eyes flashed with anger, and she pointed her sharp fingers directly at Memphis. I’m going to sue you! I’ll sue you for defamation and spreading rumors! I’ll call the police to arrest you!” she threatened, her intent to seek justice clear. 
“Sue me? I damn well should sue you for abandoning your child at birth!” Memphis did not bother wasting words on this bitch. He pulled out a document from his pocket and forcefully threw it at Rosalind, saying, “This is the DNA test report between you and our daughter! It’s written in black-and- white. What else can you argue about?!” 
There was no turning back now. Since that was the hell with him! 
Case he would drag this woman down to
###chapter293
The shocking revelation reverberated through the room like thunder. Rosalind felt her world crumble beneath her feet. 
-“Oh my god! This filthy man is Rosalind’s lover?! What kind of taste does she have? Being with Mr. Salvador and yet still getting involved with a bum?!” 
-“Don’t you get it? After indulging in delicacies, one always craves some forbidden wild game!” 
“She even had a child with this man! After giving birth, she turns around and wants to marry into a wealthy family as the young madam… How can her heart be so malicious? She was even willing to cast away her flesh and blood!” 
-“This is a bombshell of epic proportions!” 
“Oh no, 
bright!” 
oh no… Suddenly, I feel like the green halo above Mr. Salvador’s head is blindingly 
Amidst the chaos, Ryan walked over, his left hand casually in his pocket, as he bent down to pick up the DNA test from the ground. 
He frowned and, after confirming twice, brought the report to Justin. He deliberately raised his volume, speaking with a precise and measured tone to ensure that everyone could hear every word. “Justin, the identification agency that issued this report, is highly reputable in the country. This report should be genuine.”
Justin’s lips tightened as he slowly closed his eyes. It seemed like the only window of hope had closed for Rosalind, and a tsunami of fear surged through her chest! 
“Justin, darling… When I left you back then, I was suffering from severe depression! You know all of this! My condition worsened while I was in Meridan… I suffered physically and mentally! I… Many of my actions were completely beyond my control! I didn’t even know what I was doing!” 
At this point, Rosalind could only emphasize her “depression,” hoping to evoke Justin’s sympathy. After all, he had been in the rain before; how could he not offer an umbrella to someone else?! 
Shannon witnessed all this from the stage and felt anger and despair. 
Anger because Rosalind, this self-righteous foolish woman, had finally played herself, and it was a headlong fall she could never recover from! 
Despair because she was now indirectly admitting, in no uncertain terms, that she had had a relationship with this man and had indeed given birth to a child. 
“Hahaha! Depression?! Rosalind, are you joking?! How can a heartless woman like you possibly have depression?” Memphis retorted, holding his stomach, laughing so hard tears 
were about to come out. 
At that moment, the large screen changed again! 
A diagnostic report, presented in Chinese and English, shocked everyone. 
“You didn’t expect this, did you? The psychotherapist who has been ‘treating ‘you for years 
had a backup! You took the forged diagnosis report, but they kept the original! Just in case some unexpected event happened and you tried to drag them down!”
Memphis remembered the miserable days he had been through recently because of this woman, and his anger surged. He spat at her, “You’re disgusting! Depression, my ass! I suggest you go get yourself checked for STDs!” 
“Shut up! Just shut up!” Rosalind’s face turned green with hatred, yet she put on a pitiful 
expression, tearfully looking at Justin. “Justin, darling… don’t believe… don’t believe him… ah! 
Justin’s gaze was heavy as he forcefully shook Rosalind off his arm, causing her to almost fall to the ground. 
Anger and shame, fueled by being deceived and accompanied by remorse, surged through, piercing his chest. The pain caused his heart to throb violently. 
In an instant, he raised his pale lips, unable to contain the redness welling up in his laughed with a trembling voice. 
eyes, 
and 
He was laughing at himself for being blind and for being fooled. 
He laughed at his foolishness for being ensnared by a woman full of lies and cruelty, causing him to mistreat Bella for three years, repeatedly hurting her heart for the sake of this deceitful woman. No wonder Bella hated him so much. 
At this moment, he had to be cruel to himself.
“Rosalind, let’s break up.” 
“Justin, darling… What are you saying…?” 
Justin’s handsome yet heartless face became hazy as her eyes filled with tears. 
All of a sudden, the grand doors of the banquet hall swung open. 
Four imposing police officers strode towards Rosalind, startling her to the point where she began trembling uncontrollably once again. 
However, the police officers did not linger in front of her. Instead, they brushed past her and headed straight for her mother, Jean. 
“What… What are you doing?!” Jean’s lips quivered as she asked in a strained voice. 
“Are you Jean Quarry?” 
One of the police officers stepped forward, producing a pair of handcuffs that gleamed with a cold light. He promptly secured Jean Quarry’s wrists. “You have been formally arrested on charges of hiring someone to commit murder! You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you in court!”
###chapter294
Everyone stared at the ashen-faced Jean in shock. They knew that the police would not arrest someone so decisively unless the evidence was conclusive. 
That meant Jean hiring someone to commit murder was practically confirmed! 
Looking at the cold handcuffs on her wrists, Jean felt a buzzing in her ear as she felt darkness envelop her, like the sky had collapsed and the ground had caved in. 
‘What’s going on? How could this happen?!’ Jean had entrusted a reliable person to handle that illegitimate daughter and paid the money as agreed. All of this had not even happened within the country. ‘How could it be exposed like this? How had she been discovered?!’ 
“Jean! Jean!” Patrick desperately shouted. He was terrified as he witnessed his wife taken away by the police. He wanted to chase after her and intervene, but after just a few steps, he grimaced, clutching his chest, and collapsed. 
“Hurry! Call an ambulance!” Gregory was shocked and immediately ordered someone to take the unconscious Patrick away. 
Ryan was utterly dumbfounded and couldn’t help but exclaim, “Damn, damn! Justin, your ex- mother- in-law, was arrested on suspicion of murder! That is the biggest bombshell tonight!” 
Justin observed with an expressionless face and cold eyes. He showed no intention of helping the Gold family in any way. 
He said coldly, “Commit a crime, and face the consequences. It’s only natural.”
In full view of the onlookers, a disheveled Jean was brought away by the police. As she passed by Rosalind, she tearfully glanced at her daughter for the last time, and this glance nearly shattered Rosalind. 
“Don’t take away my mom! She didn’t kill anyone! Mom!” Rosalind cried and shouted as she tried to run, but she barely took a few steps before there was a loud crash. 
Immediately, she felt a chill on her body, and there were gasps of shock around her! 
The haute couture gown, which had only been taped to her body, had lost its stickiness due to her sweat. The off-shoulder dress slipped down, and her body, with only a tube and underwear, was exposed in front of everyone! 
“Ah!” Rosalind was scared as she curled up her body and covered her chest with her arms. She was overwhelmed with embarrassment and resentment. 
Shannon, witnessing this irreparable scene, hated it so much. Her eyes were filled with anger and regret for organizing this embarrassing birthday banquet for this woman. 
On the other hand, Bethany hid in the corner, sipping red wine while enjoying the spectacle. She felt immense joy witnessing this despicable woman’s downfall, and a smile blossomed. 
There were already some men who took out their phones to capture the moment sneakily. 
“Tsk tsk… This figure, honestly, is not much to look at, brother. You’re not losing much by breaking up with her.” Ryan rested his elbow lazily on Justin as his eyes looked on mockingly. 
Justin felt that decades of friendship from years gone by had turned into a ludicrous joke. He 
decisively turned away from the scene.
For Rosalind, a suffocating sense of overwhelming despair took over. She stood up and chased after him, calling, “Justin, darling!” 
In her desperation, she had forgotten she was undressed, leaving her completely exposed from head to toe. 
“Ah! Look at Rosalind’s stomach! What are those lines?!” 
– “They look like stretch marks!” 
“They are stretch marks! I’ve given birth to two kids. How could I not recognize them!” 
“Oh my god! She has had children, yet she pretends to be a delicate and innocent woman. This woman is truly disgusting!” 
“Mr. Salvador is fortunate. He almost ended up with a rotten deal. Fortunately, he came to his senses in time!” 
It was over-her beautiful dream of marrying into a wealthy family. Everything had gone down the drain and vanished into thin air. 
Justin’s 
gaze was dark as he walked forward with heavy steps. 
Ryan silently walked alongside him, wanting to say something several times. His lips opened and closed, but words failed to come out.
###chapter295
Don’t you think I’m pitiful? Stupid? Ridiculous?” Justin’s hoarse voice sounded. His lips formed a broken, bitter smile. 
Ryan shook his head thoughtfully. “No, Justin, I’m your best friend, your brother. No matter what happens, I won’t laugh at you. I just feel sad.” 
‘Regret…’ Justin closed his bloodshot eyes and tore apart every scene related to Rosalind in his mind, leaving nothing behind-not even a trace. 
“There’s nothing to regret. It’s my fault for being blind. I deserve this,” Justin sighed. 
“No, that’s not it.” Ryan sighed with heartfelt sympathy. “It’s those three years when Bella married you. Perhaps you could have loved her if it weren’t for that woman. You could have been happy instead of being at war with each other. Do you think so?” 
‘Could have been happy.’Justin halted abruptly, his pitch-black eyes momentarily losing focus. 
– ‘Justin, can we… not get divorced?’ 
– ‘Because… I love you.’ 
His ear buzzed with a ringing sound as he clutched his head in pain. He hastily leaned against the wall. A suffocating sensation overwhelmed him. 
Back then, Bella had cried and begged him not to divorce her. He thought it was just her desperate struggle to cling to the marriage, viewing her as a cage and wanting to escape. 
Only now did he realize this.
Bella never intended to tie him down. The last time she said she loved him, she hoped to continue the love. She knew he had never loved her. 
She had tried her best to keep him, fearing that after the divorce, she would not even be qualified to love him. 
Ryan interrupted, “I saw the child was already three or four years old. It means that when Rosalind was in Meridan, she was secretly with that man.” 
He continued, “But if I remember correctly, she was still clinging to you then. Giving you the feeling that she deeply loved you and that she ended up in a foreign country waiting for you and enduring hardships for your sake. In reality, behind your back, she was anything but idle.” 
Justin gripped his chest, his heartache causing his entire body to tremble as if even breathing might take his life. 
“There have always been men around Rosalind. You were just one of them.” Ryan gazed sincerely at him. “But in Bella’s heart, it has always been you. Do you remember the night you went to her house in the heavy rain? Do you know what she told me?” 
Justin stared blankly at him, his forehead soaked with sweat. 
“I tried to confess to her, but she rejected me.” Ryan’s smile carried a bitter taste. When did he ever bow down like this for a woman? “She said if it weren’t Justin, she wouldn’t love anyone. Without leaving Justin, she wouldn’t love anyone else.” 
Justin’s pupils contracted. Every organ in his body felt like it was being cruelly stirred by a sharp blade, causing spasms of pain in every inch of his nerves.
‘Bella, you said you wouldn’t love anyone else without me. We have not known each other for more than three years. Did I appear in your life much earlier than that?’ 
‘Why! Why!’ 
‘Bella, I want you to give me an answer!’ 
At that moment, Justin’s phone vibrated in his hand. Trembling, he took it out and saw that it was a call from Matt. Thinking something might be wrong with his grandfather, he quickly answered, “Uncle Matt, is there something wrong with Grandpa?” 
“Young Master Justin! Old Master Nigel has had a sudden stroke. Please come to Savrow Hospital right away!” Matt said. 
“What?!” Justin’s chest tightened. 
Matt promptly added, “Don’t worry. Old Master Nigel has been transferred from the emergency room to a VIP ward, and his condition is relatively stable.” 
Matt spoke with lingering fear. “Thanks to Ms. Thompson’s timely first aid for Old Master Nigel, we managed to buy time for the emergency rescue. Otherwise… He would have been in serious danger!” 
Justin’s cheeks flushed with a burning and scorching sense of shame, as if he had been slapped in the face countless times.
###chapter296
The sensational scandal surrounding the Golds spread rapidly across the internet. The top trending topic online was no longer the news of Justin and Rosalind’s engagement. Instead, it was dominated by hashtags like #RosalindGoldsIllegitimate Daughter and # 
JeanGoldHiresHitman. 
The chaotic scene at the birthday banquet leaked and spread like wildfire. Rosalind’s hysterical outburst, resembling a madwoman, and the unexpected exposure of her half-naked appearance became the story’s highlights. 
Under the posts, Rosalind faced a barrage of mockery and insults. Many netizens expressed their disgust at the actions of a woman who abandoned her daughter to climb the social ladder. Some even created petitions, calling for legal consequences for Rosalind’s cruel acts. 
[She doesn’t even recognize her daughter and abandons her overseas without care. Can she even be considered a human being? Even dogs protect their pups! Rosalind isn’t even as good as a dog!] 
[Dog: Don’t get me involved!] 
[Heard that Justin left his wife for this trash? Wow.] 
[Justin proves with strength that he has shit in his eyes and gas in his brain! I haven’t seen his ex-wife, but I bet any woman is better than Rosalind!] 
[Ex-wife: Better than Rosalind? Haha, baseless rumors!] 
[Heard Justin and Rosalind were childhood sweethearts? Childhood sweethearts are trouble. I’ll be careful whenever I see those four words in the future!]
[Hahaha, I’m laughing so hard! It’s so damn melodramatic! Can we get a talented director to turn this into a drama? My mom and I would love to watch it!] 
Ruining someone’s reputation seemed easy at first glance. However, perhaps only a few brothers from the Thompson family knew that, from discovery to revelation, Bella meticulously planned every step to push Rosalind from the pinnacle of glory to her darkest 
moments. 
She had always been the calmest and seldom acted impulsively. But once she took action, she ensured her enemies would never rise again! 
At this moment, the entrance of the Salvador Hotel was swarmed by crowds of onlookers, journalists, and police cars, causing a complete standstill. When Jean appeared before 
everyone, 
her face was ashen, and her legs were weak and unsteady. She couldn’t stand up and was dragged to the police car by two officers. 
Many in the crowd were excited to witness a police arrest and eagerly recorded videos to be shared on social media platforms. 
Across the street, Asher and Axel sat in their Rolls-Royce. They slowly raised the car window, concealing their success at taking care of everything for their younger sister. 
“Ash, I’d been thinking of asking you to buy internet trolls to stir discussion about the Gold family mother and daughter. But looking at this, it’s unnecessary. The public is very enthralled in this matter.” 
Axel was scrolling through the comments about Rosalind. His eyes bore a striking resemblance to those of their fourth brother, Drew.
“Hmm?” Asher raised the coffee cup to his lips, his eyes carrying a hint of annoyance. “Ax, you’re good in many ways, but this habit of taking advantage is ridiculous. Can’t you change a bit? You’re Wyatt Thompson’s son. Do you know how much I would have to pay just for some internet trolls? Eighteen million. In your eyes, it’s like loose change, right?” 
“Wow! Brother, are you saying I’m stingy?! Since we were children, I’ve generously spent ‘money like there’s no tomorrow on Bella. When have I ever been stingy?” Axel widened his eyes, feeling a bit dissatisfied. 
“Yes, but I’ve never seen you be generous to anyone besides Bella.” 
Asher elegantly sipped his coffee, teasing him as usual, “But this time, isn’t it for Bella?” 
Axel’s eyes flickered, and he chuckled. “Ash, didn’t we handle this matter together this time? You took the lead, so you get the most credit. I can’t steal your thunder. Besides, I’m younger, and you’re older. It’s only natural for you to protect me! Just consider it as showing me some sympathy, okay?” 
Asher smiled helplessly, patting him gently on the head. “Being a prosecutor all these years hasn’t been for nothing. You’re much smarter than before.” 
Axel scratched his head and suddenly remembered something. Just as he was about to take out his phone, it rang. 
“Hey! True brothers think alike. I was thinking of contacting Ralph, and here he is calling me!” 
Axel quickly put the call on speaker and smiled, “Ralph, how’s the situation on your end?” 
“I’ve already sent someone to apprehend Jean. As you mentioned, the person who harmed Bella will also be brought back to the police station.” Ralph’s hoarse voice, filled with resentment, came through from the other end. “Rest assured, I won’t let that bastard have a good day!”
Mila Larson, Wyatt’s second wife, had two sons and a daughter. Wyatt’s fifth son, Hugh Thompson, was the chief pilot. His sixth daughter, Camillia, married a foreigner and was currently a senator’s wife with the prospect of becoming the future First Lady of Sentania.
###chapter297
Ralph Thompson, the seventh son of the Thompson family, aspired to be a crime-fighting police officer since childhood. Now, he had fulfilled his dream and had become the captain of the first Criminal Investigation Division in Savrow. 
“Yeah, yeah! Beat him to death! Give it to him until he can’t take it anymore!” Ralph’s words also stirred Axel’s emotions. “Can’t you detectives use some unique methods during 
interrogation?” 
“We prosecutors don’t have that authority. Don’t waste this chance!” Axel said, slamming his fist on the car window. 
Asher, on the side, listened with a wry smile. 
Wyatt Thompson’s daughters were refined and elegant, like princesses. However, his sons were aggressive and often resorted to brute force. Even more so than him, who had once been on the streets. 
The three brothers, working together, left those targeted with only two paths – a dead end or no way out! 
Justin rushed to the hospital to accompany his grandfather. Worried about Justin, Ryan insisted on following him as well. The sports car skidded to a stop at the hospital entrance. Without any hesitation, Justin left the car and sprinted into the hospital. 
Justin’s grandfather was his only concern and attachment to the Salvador family. His grandfather was the one who truly treated him as a beloved grandson, showering him with genuine care and affection.
“Grandpa, Grandpa…” 
Justin ran like the wind, his hoarse voice murmuring repeatedly. 
The moment he burst into the corridor, he saw Bella sitting on a bench, cradling a sleeping Carrie in her arms. The scene was serene, like a delicately painted oil painting capturing the tranquility of a peaceful life. 
With her long lashes, Bella gently caressed the girl in her arms. Her features were serene and peaceful, emitting a radiant and holy light, though her petite figure seemed to harbor an unstoppable and powerful force. Whenever someone needed her, she descended upon them like a redeeming angel. 
Suddenly, a sense of guilt and bitterness surged through Justin’s nose. Fortunately, she was there… 
Hearing footsteps, Bella lifted her head and locked eyes with Justin, their gazes meeting like rivers converging. In that brief moment of confusion, a trace of long-lost warmth flickered in her bright eyes, causing a throbbing in the man’s chest. 
Unfortunately, it was fleeting. Bella’s gaze toward him again turned indifferent, cold, and ruthless. 
“Ms. Gold’s birthday banquet is over, I suppose? Is it right for Mr. Salvador to leave that mess 
behind and rush over? She refrained from using foul language, but Justin felt as if he had been stripped naked, publicly humiliated, and subjected to an execution on the spot. 
He walked toward her step by step, his eyes filled with remorse. 
Bella lowered her eyes, wishing all her senses could shut down. “Grandpa has gone to sleep, and Uncle Matt is looking after him. You should wait outside for now and let the old man rest.”
“Bella… I’m sorry,” Justin struggled with his emotions, his voice hoarse. 
“Sorry? Are you apologizing to me?” Bella’s lips curled into a cold and mocking smile. “Justin, the one you should be apologizing to is Grandpa lying inside, just barely escaping the gates of hell. Why would you owe me an apology? I have nothing to do with you. Grandpa, at least, cared for you once. I hope you can spare some time to be with him. I happened to be here this time, but what about next time? Grandpa won’t always be lucky, and the Grim Reaper won’t show mercy each time.” 
As she spoke, a faint pain gripped her heart. She took a deep breath, her eyes turning red. “I just hate it. I hate that he’s not my biological grandfather. I hate that I can’t be with him all the time. I wish I could sew a small pocket on my body and put Grandpa in it so I can take care of him every moment. 
}) 
“Bella…” Justin’s throat tightened, bitterness filling his lungs and rendering him speechless. His apologies seemed worthless in Bella’s eyes. They had lost any significance. 
“Justin!” At this moment, Ryan hurriedly walked in. He glanced at Bella with a confused expression before turning to Justin and saying in a deep voice, “Come out. I need to talk to you.”
###chapter298
“What’s the matter? Just give it to me here,” said Justin, his intense gaze fixed on Bella. 
“Justin! Justin! Darling!” A pitiful cry echoed across the hospital corridor. A tearful cry suddenly echoed, which made Ryan’s scalp tingle. 
Justin’s expression darkened, and his body stiffened at the sound of Rosalind’s shriek. 
Startled by the loud sound, Carrie woke up and grabbed Bella’s clothes, eyes wide open. What’s going on? Is something wrong with Grandpa?!” 
Bella replied, “It’s okay. It’s okay, Carrie. With me here, how could Grandpa be in trouble?” 
Bella coldly glanced at the dazed Rosalind, then helped Carrie, saying, “Carrie, I’ll take you somewhere to rest. When Grandpa wakes up, you can see him right away.” 
Seeing her leave with such indifference made Justin feel as if he had been shot in the chest, making it hard to breathe. 
“Justin!” Rosalind cried. Her eyes were swollen from the crying. She wanted to rush towards Justin but was stopped by Ryan’s outstretched arms. 
“Ms. Gold, I don’t think you should be looking for Justin now. You should be at the hospital to check on your dad and then find a reliable lawyer for your mom. That’s what a filial daughter would be doing right now,” Ryan chastised her. 
Ignoring his words, Rosalind continued crying to Justin, “I’ve been framed! I am the victim! Justin, you must believe me… How could I betray you when I love you so much?!”
With his back to her, Justin bit down on his teeth, his eyes filled with coldness. Hearing this woman speak of love, he felt nothing but disgust and the urge to vomit. 
He exclaimed, “The child is already so old! You’ve created such a mess! If you had any sense of shame, you wouldn’t dare mention anything about love. Just listening to you makes me sick. 
Ryan gave her a cold look and said, “You should be grateful that Justin is kind-hearted. If it were me, your adulterous husband wouldn’t even have a decent burial, and I’d kick the entire Gold family out of Savrow, so I’d never have to see your faces again!” 
His ruthless words shook Rosalind, and she broke down into sobs. 
After a while, Justin turned around slowly and looked at Rosalind with a cold gaze. “You should leave.” 
“No! I won’t leave!” Rosalind exclaimed with a hint of coyness. She thought Justin would not do anything to her if she played the victim. Little did she know he had already sent a message to Ian. With two bodyguards in tow, Ian arrived to intervene. 
Justin’s voice was bone-chillingly cold. “Take her away. Don’t disturb the rest of the patients.” 
“Yes, Mr. Salvador!” Ian responded promptly. Fuming with anger, he rolled up his sleeves as he approached Rosalind. Along with another bodyguard, they grabbed her arms and started pulling her away. 
“I haven’t done anything with Memphis! It was him… He asked me to be his girlfriend, and I refused! He became furious and raped me! That’s how I ended up pregnant with that wild 
bastard!”
In an attempt to salvage Justin’s affection, Rosalind resorted to an outrageous lie in a desperate attempt to justify herself. “He had leverage over me… He blackmailed me repeatedly, and when I refused to give in, he wanted to drag me down to hell. His goal is to ruin me completely! Justin, I’m also a victim! Why won’t you believe me?!” 
“Rosalind.” Justin’s eyes permeated with a chilling sternness that left her utterly hopeless.” My breakup with you has nothing to do with that man or the child.” 
His words left Rosalind bewildered. She stared blankly at Justin with her mouth half open.
###chapter299
“If you had fallen in love with someone else in Meridan and even gave birth to a child without telling me, I wouldn’t have blamed you,” Justin’s eyes gradually reddened with resentment, and his fingers curled into a tight fist. “But you lied to me. You claimed to have depression. You used your illness as a cover and manipulated my emotions. You even attempted to force me into a marriage with you!” 
“No… it’s not like that…” Rosalind’s face turned pale, unable to speak coherently. 
Only then did she realize how wrong she had been. When she had lied to him about having depression, she had only thought of it as a means to hold onto Justin’s heart. However, she had forgotten that both Justin and his mother were painful victims of depression themselves. He feared she would follow in his mother’s footsteps, so he kept accommodating and compromising. It was also why he had callously abandoned Bella, who loved him deeply. 
Yet, she had not considered that once this colossal lie was exposed, she would not just have toyed with Justin’s emotions but also humiliated his mother! 
How could it even be possible to forgive her now? Impossible! 
“My mother’s condition and my past have become tools for you to manipulate me.” 
Regret and anger intertwined in Justin’s chest, forcing a bitter, self-deprecating laugh out of him. “Rose, you’ve made me feel like a fool.” 
“Justin, it’s not like that. It’s not…” Rose stuttered. 
Ryan shook his head, angrily questioning, “Rosalind, you grew up with Justin. You should know better than anyone how much pain he went through.”
“If you had even a sliver of a conscience, you wouldn’t have tortured and deceived Justin. How can you use the memories of your youth together as moral blackmail? I doubt you ever truly loved Justin. How could you do that to someone you claimed to love? I’d rather be a bachelor for the rest of my life than be in a relationship. It’s too damn disgusting.” 
“Ryan, stop talking.” Justin didn’t want to recall anything related to Rosalind’s past, let alone be entangled with her again. “Ian, I never want to see her again. Get her out of my sight immediately.” 
“Yes, Mr. Salvador!” Ian looked at Rosalind as if she were a pile of garbage as he forcefully dragged her out. 
“Justin! Who do you think you are? How can you treat me like this?!” Rosalind finally tore off her mask of pity and shrieked hysterically, “All these excuses you’ve made to abandon me are so that you can find a new love! You’ve fallen for Bella, and you don’t want me anymore! What’s so great about that bitch?! Did she save your life? From the very beginning, she approached you with a fake identity. She had sinister motives! Isn’t she deceiving you too?!” 
“Shut up! You have no right to compare yourself to her!” Justin’s bloodshot eyes widened fiercely, and he roared at Rosalind like never before. “If you say one more insult about Bella, I’ll make sure the Gold family has no place to stand in this country! Get out right now!” 
Justin’s furious countenance and ruthless words were like a massive boulder, smashing into Rosalind and leaving her courage shattered. If it were not for Ian dragging her away, she 
would have collapsed onto the ground long ago. 
She never expected that Bella would have such a place in Justin’s heart. She never imagined that using Bella as a cover would backfire.
Rosalind was dragged away, and the corridor returned to calm. 
“Justin, no matter what, I must congratulate you, brother.” 
Ryan felt relieved to see Justin turn Rosalind away. His large hand pressed heavily on Justin’s shoulder. “No matter how you were deceived before and for how long, as long as you can turn away, it’s never too late.” 
“Not too late, huh…” 
Justin gave a bitter smile. His shoulders trembled in dejection. Then why did he feel like everything was already too late?
###chapter300
Rosalind was dragged to the door. The disturbance attracted many curious glances from the medical staff. She had truly lost everything at this point. She no longer cared about preserving any shreds of dignity. 
“Hah!” 
In a synchronized move, Ian and the bodyguard released her hands, and Rosalind fell disgracefully to the ground. 
“Bro, got any tissues?” Ian asked the bodyguards. 
“Sorry, Mr. Harris, I don’t have any.” 
“Never mind. Make sure to ask the nurse for a few more alcohol wipes for us to clean our hands properly. After all, we just touched something dirty!” 
Ian spat at Rosalind before turning around and entering the door with the bodyguard. 
Right then, the dark night sky was punctuated by two deafening thunderclaps. A few seconds later, torrential rain began to pour. The ground emitted white steam as the raindrops hit. 
Having endured one fatal blow after another, Rosalind sat on the ground, her gaze vacant. She lacked the strength even to get away from the heavy downpour. 
Her meticulously styled hair was now in disarray, and her makeup resembled a palette that had been knocked over, painting a chaotic mess on her face.
“Justin… I’m the one who saved your life! How could you be so heartless to me?” Rosalind cried bitterly, slapping the water puddles. Dirty water splashed across her face, and her gem- studded nails broke, causing her to scream in pain. 
Amidst all that was happening to her, a black Rolls-Royce pulled up to the hospital entrance, splashing mud all over Rosalind. 
“Bah, bah, bah! Do you know how to drive?! Are you blind?” Rosalind vented her anger towards the luxury car, screaming like a madwoman in the pouring rain. 
Amidst the curses, the car door opened. The driver stepped out with a black umbrella and respectfully opened the passenger door. Axel exited first and took the umbrella from the driver. He held it above the car door. 
Next, Asher stepped out of the car, and the two brothers shared the same umbrella. Even in the dark and stormy night, their majestic figures brightened the night. 
The moment Rosalind saw the Thompson brothers, she shivered violently. The profanities that were flowing out seemed stuck in her throat. 
“Ms. Gold, your father isn’t admitted to this hospital, is he? Aren’t you crying in the wrong place?” Axel coldly glanced at the woman drenched like a drowned rat, unable to suppress a smile. 
“Let’s go, brother. Bella’s waiting for us,” Asher, focused entirely on his sister, said as he gently tapped Axel’s shoulder. 
The two brothers didn’t spare another glance at Rosalind, walking side by side through the 
entrance.
“Bella, why do you have so many people caring for you, loving you… while I end up with nothing? Even Justin abandoned me for you… Why?!” Rosalind exclaimed. 
Thunder roared, and lightning flashed, casting an eerie glow on Rosalind’s pale face, her eyes twisted in madness. 
“Bella! One day, I will kill you… I will kill you!” 
Bella comforted Carrie, coaxing her to sleep. She sat by the bed as Bella stroked the girl’s face, sighing softly. Tonight had truly frightened and exhausted her. 
After tucking Carrie in, Bella got up and walked to the door worriedly. Opening the door, she was met with Justin’s soul-piercing eyes. 
He stood there, still impeccably dressed in his suit, yet looked even more desolate than ever before. 
Bella raised her eyebrows slightly and slowly moved her gaze down. The dazzling, intricate dragon- patterned lapel pin on the collar of his suit caught her eyes. 
The pin was a gift Bella had given him for Valentine’s Day on the first year she had married into the Salvador family. She had personally handled every detail, from the design sketches to the material selection, including the selection of two tiny, high-quality rubies that adorned the pin. 
It was reminiscent of how Justin had meticulously prepared “The Flaming Heart” for Rosalind. Bella’s eyes darkened slightly, and a subtle scorn curved her lips. 
The things that he had been cast aside were now worn by him. She found it comedic and ironic no matter how she looked at it.
###chapter301
Chapter 301
“I’ve asked Rosalind to leave, so she won’t bother you again.” Justin stared into Bella’s emotionless eyes. His Adam’s apple moved up and down with difficulty. 
“Really? Congratulations, Mr. Salvador. At least you got rid of one trouble tonight.” 
Bella’s mocking smile was like a red rose covered with thorns. “I know that you’ve always been very experienced in dealing with relationships. I wonder if Ms. Gold got $20 million and a villa this time.” 
Boom 
The purple lightning outside the window seemed to hit Justin. His shoulders shook, and his heart felt numb and painful. 
The image of him dumping the divorce papers in front of Bella cruelly emerged again. At that time, he was hopelessly stubborn and only wanted to escape from that contract marriage. However, he never imagined how deeply it would hurt her and almost destroy her pride and self-esteem. 
The tear-stained divorce papers were still on his bedside table. 
Justin dared not think about how Bella had signed the divorce papers while sitting in pain and alone in the room that day, when he left her to find Rosalind. 
His throat hurt like it had been slit with a knife. He felt suffocated, and his heart ached as if it was about to fall apart. 
The whole world might have betrayed him, but Bella was the only one who loved him sincerely back then.
Even if he had no love for her, Justin should not have shattered her precious heart. 
Now, he struggled to put it all back together. 
“I’ve heard from Uncle Matt that you used acupuncture to save Grandpa. Thank you.” Justin’s voice was hoarse. 
“You’re welcome. He’s also my grandpa, after all. Excuse me.” 
Bella was not bothered to continue talking nonsense with him. She lowered her eyes coldly and wanted to leave, but Justin’s tall figure blocked her. 
“Hah! Even dogs know how to get out of people’s way. Mr. Salvador, are you worse than a dog?” Bella clenched her teeth and looked angry. 
“Bella, I want to make it up to you.’ 
Justin looked at her with an intense gaze. “Tell me, how can I compensate you?” 
“Are you sick in the head? You should really get your brain checked out.” Bella frowned and laughed, feeling insulted by his words. 
“In the past, it was my fault for hurting you…” 
“Stop.” 
Bella made an impatient gesture. “Justin, don’t apologize to me from now on. I really don’t want to hear those words again. In fact, I figured it out a long time ago. You were deeply in love with Rosalind, and you promised that you wouldn’t marry anyone but her. What’s wrong with that? You were just being loyal to the love of your life. Justin, you were right from the beginning. It was my fault for falling in love
with the wrong person. But I will only let this happen once. I swear that I will never fall into the same pit twice.” 
Justin’s eyes slowly turned red. His fingertips trembled and curled up. 
Every word she said was like sharp flying knives, nailing him to the pillar of shame. 
They loved the wrong person. The difference was that Bella had profound enlightenment, so she stepped back and made her life better. 
On the other hand, Justin sank deeper and deeper, as if he could only continue diving into this endless loop of sin. 
“Bella!” 
Hearing her name, Bella quickly turned around and saw Asher and Axel walking toward her from the other side of the corridor. 
“Ash! Ax!” 
She was so happy that the gloom in her eyes dissipated. She pushed away the frozen Justin and could not wait to run into her brothers’ arms. 
“I’m starving! Can you please make me a midnight snack?” Bella held Asher’s arm and pouted. 
“Ash, I’m hungry too. Please feed me!” Axel imitated Bella and took Asher’s other arm. It was as if they were children again for a moment. 
“Okay, I’ll feed you two little gluttons when we get home.” Asher looked at his siblings and smiled dotingly.
Justin watched them disappear into the corridor, feeling that the whole world was completely silent. The pain in his heart was overflowing. 
After leaving Justin, Bella was still loved. 
But without Bella, Justin felt like his soul had been sucked out.
###chapter302
Chapter 302
Though Bella left the hospital, she was still worried about Old Master Nigel. 
She planned to contact Mila later. After all, the Larson family had been practicing medicine for generations. Their medical technology was top-notch in the country, so Mila might be able to think of a way to treat Old Master Nigel’s chronic illness. 
On the way back, Axel kept scrolling through social media. When he came across interesting comments criticizing Rosalind, he would read them out to Bella as a joke. 
“Hahaha… I usually hate keyboard warriors, but I find them so cute now. Hahahaha! I want to frame up some of these quotes!” Axel looked at the vicious comments and laughed to tears. 
Bella pursed her red lips and looked out the car window. When she thought of the golden lapel pin Justin was wearing tonight, she felt indescribably irritated. 
Those gifts she had given him were a reminder of the humiliating past. She did not want to recall them. 
She would rather destroy them than let Justin have them. 
“Bella, Ralph has arrested Jean and Memphis.” 
Asher placed his warm and rough palm on the back of Bella’s neck and rubbed it gently to comfort her. “Ralph just sent me a message saying that Memphis confessed to what he had done as soon as he was arrested. But Jean remained tight-lipped. No matter what the police officers tried, she insisted that it was her idea to kill that girl. No one instigated her.” 
“Although Jean is vicious, she’s still protective of her daughter.”
Bella sorted out her frustrating emotions and said in a clear and cold voice, “Now that her husband is ill and her son is in jail, Jean’s biggest hope for survival is Rosalind. As a mother, it’s only normal for her to protect Rosalind.” 
Bella played this game of chess well. She lured the snake out of its hole and even tricked them into falling for her trap. 
She got Steven to follow Jean to Meridan. Jean was just a regular rich housewife and was not trained to be observant. Thus, she did not notice that Steven had been following her. That was how Steven could find the orphanage where Rosalind’s illegitimate daughter was hidden. 
Steven described the place as a refugee concentration camp for children. 
Seeing the dirty and beggar-like orphans, Steven felt disheartened and vexed. He really wanted to crush Jean and Rosalind. How could such cruel people exist in this world? 
Jean took the girl away from the orphanage. But she did not even dare to slaughter a chicken, so how could she kill a person? Thus, she hired a poor and ignorant woman to do the dirty work. 
Fortunately, Steven rescued the girl in time and brought her back to Savrow with Bella’s private plane. Now, the girl was well-protected in the police station. 
“That girl is Jean’s granddaughter, her flesh and blood. How could she do this?” 
Asher’s eyes darkened. “Jean wasn’t being protective. She made a cruel choice after weighing 
the 
pros and cons, just so her daughter’s marriage to a wealthy man could go smoothly.” 
Bella nodded. “Indeed,”
“Don’t worry, Bella. Ralph and I will make sure Jean stays in prison for life. As for Memphis… Hmph!” 
Axel clenched his fists until his knuckles popped. An evil smile appeared on his face that was similar to Drew’s. “Does he think that we’ll let it slide after he goes to jail? No, his nightmare has just begun!” 
The entire Salvador family was in a state of unrest after the banquet. 
Justin stayed with his grandfather in the hospital, but Gregory and Shannon had not visited Nigel for a long time. The mess caused by Jean and Rosalind must have left them too exhausted to care about anything else. 
“Mr. Salvador, there are a lot of negative comments about you on the internet. Do you want me to contact the public relations department to deal with it?” Ian stood in front of him and asked worriedly. 
Justin sat listlessly in the corridor. His handsome face was pale and tired, and his eyes were dark and grim. 
His left leg was crossed over his stretched-out right leg. He leaned his head against the cold wall, and his long neck made a beautiful curve. How could anyone be so breathtakingly handsome even when they were dejected? 
“Aren’t they right for criticizing me? I think they are, so let them be.” 
Justin closed his eyes and loosened his tie. However, he still felt out of breath. “After all… I deserve it.” 
“Mr. Salvador, don’t say that.” 
Ian felt uncomfortable, as if a lump were stuck in his throat. “You were also deceived by that evil witch, so you’re a victim…” 
Victim.
Justin’s eyebrows twitched. There was a sharp pain in his heart, but the only victim he could think of right now was Bella. 
He had once become a knife that Rosalind wielded against Bella. 
His suffering was caused by Rosalind, but Bella’s suffering was caused by him.
###chapter303
Chapter 303
“Young Master!” 
On the other side of the corridor, Wilma ran toward Justin, carrying a few bags. 
“Wilma.” Justin quickly stood up and helped her carry some things. “Why are you here?” 
“I heard from Ian that Old Master Nigel is hospitalized and that you’re staying here tonight, so I brought you some toiletries and a change of clothes. I also prepared some late-night snacks. You and Ian can have some.” 
As Wilma spoke, she pulled Justin over to the chair and hurriedly took out the lunch boxes. 
“Wilma, I’m not hungry. Let Ian eat.” Justin looked down at the hot food in the lunch box and felt a surge of warmth in his icy heart. 
After all that had happened, Justin needed some time to adjust his mental state. He really had no appetite. 
“I… I’m not hungry either! Thanks, Wilma.” Ian quickly shook his head. How could he eat his boss’s food? 
“Hmph! I’d like to see how long you can keep this up!” 
Wilma looked at Justin’s haggard face, picked up a piece of bread, and roughly stuffed it into his mouth. “Are you so miserable because of that evil witch? You’re hopeless! Don’t make me look down on you!”
Justin could not help but smile bitterly as he reluctantly chewed on the bread. “I’m not sad because of her.” 
“Then why are you so down? Is it because of the young madam?” Wilma blinked her bright 
eyes. 
Justin choked. His cheeks flushed slightly. “Ahem… It’s because of Grandpa.” 
“Oh, since you’re in the hospital, I think that you should get a CT scan early tomorrow morning.” 
Wilma glanced at him sideways and said in a teasing tone, “Let’s see if there’s anything wrong with your brain.” 
Ian quietly gave Wilma a thumbs-up behind Justin’s back. Wilma was really brave to speak her mind. 
“Wilma.” 
Justin’s throat was blocked. He said coldly, “I didn’t appreciate the right people in the past. I know that I hurt Bella because of Rosalind. But even without Rosalind, I would still divorce Bella. She and I only got married because Grandpa arranged this marriage. There was no foundation of love between us, so we were bound to get separated. I don’t regret it.” 
“It’s been three years, Young Master! Young Madam loved you with all her heart and soul. Even ice would melt with the warmth she provided. Do you really not have any feelings for the young madam? None at all?!” Wilma asked with a dry mouth. 
“I don’t love Bella.” 
Justin’s heart trembled. His thin lips were dry, and he said word by word, “Since I don’t love her, why should I hold her back?”
After hearing this, Ian felt indescribably disappointed and uncomfortable. 
He felt that his boss must have some feelings for Bella. 
However, with Justin’s traumatizing childhood, his mother’s suicide, his family’s neglect, and the betrayal of his childhood sweetheart, Justin could no longer trust or open up to others. “Young Master, there is no shame in admitting your mistakes, apologizing, and regretting your decisions. Your pride can’t be more important than a lifetime of happiness, right? As long as you’re happy, I’ll help you win over the young madam!” Wilma sighed sadly. Justin raised his eyebrows. “Wilma…” 
“Me too! Me too!” 
Ian hurriedly raised his hand. “I’ll help too!” 
Justin’s eyes twitched. He wanted to send his useless secretary to a coal mine. 
“Oh, by the way, here.” 
Wilma hurriedly took out a voice recorder from her pocket and handed it to Justin. “A handsome young man came to the house tonight and asked me to give you this.” 
Justin took it. “Who gave it to you?” 
“He said he’s Mr. Lovett.” 
Justin’s breath hitched. He looked at Ian and pressed the play button on the recorder.
###chapter304
Chapter 304
Overnight, the Gold family went bust and went viral. 
The netizens jokingly said that their family was a negative example of criminal law for everyone, and they should be awarded a “Lifetime Achievement Award” for being so dedicated to popularizing the law.” 
Jean was detained on charges of hiring a hitman and abetting murder. Although it was not enough for the death penalty or life imprisonment, it was at least a 20-year jail sentence. Jean was 50 years old, so she would probably spend the rest of her days in prison. 
Patrick suffered a heart attack and was admitted to the ICU due to this huge blow. The scene was chaotic at the time, so he could not get rescued in time. This resulted in cerebral ischemia and hypoxia, brain tissue damage, and severe coma. 
“Ms. Gold, you must be mentally prepared. There is a great possibility that your father will remain in this vegetative state.” 
After hearing the diagnosis from the doctor, Rosalind, who was standing at the door of the ward, felt like she was struck by lightning. Her stiff face lost all color. 
The Gold Corporation was heavily in debt. In the past few days, manufacturers and creditors went to look for Rosalind to ask for payment. Rosalind was so scared that she stayed in a hotel and dared not go home. 
Between hiring a lawyer for her mother and her father’s hospital bills, Rosalind had almost used 
up the remaining of her savings, which gave her a taste of what it felt like to be poor. However, things got worse. Within two days, Roza Walker’s employee found Rosalind. That day, Rosalind left the dress
behind when she ran away from the banquet. When she remembered the dress and went to pick it up, she discovered that the expensive dress was covered in footprints, as it had been trampled on like a piece of rag. 
“What?! Five times the compensation?!” 
Rosalind clutched the claim form and shouted angrily. Her eyes were red with anger. “Five times the amount is more than $6 million! Why would you charge me $6 million for a piece of tattered clothing? Why don’t you just rob a bank?!” 
“It’s only $6 million. Do you think it’s expensive?” 
Roza’s assistant smiled. “Those who order dresses from us are either rich or famous. They can afford dresses in the tens of millions of dollars, let alone $6 million. If you thought it was expensive, you shouldn’t have borrowed Ms. Walker’s clothes in the first place. Why would you buy something you can’t afford?” 
“You! How can you talk to me like that?! I want to file a complaint against you!” Rosalind was so angry that she was breathing fire. Her facial features were contorted. 
“Okay. You can complain as much as you want, but please pay the compensation to the account on the claim form within two weeks. If you don’t pay us in time, we will bring you to court.” After that, Roza’s assistant looked at Rosalind contemptuously and left. 
Rosalind narrowed her eyes and plopped down on a chair. At first, she covered her face and 
sobbed softly. In the end, she could not hold it in anymore and burst into tears. 
After a while, she was tired of crying. She gritted her teeth, wiped her face, and drove to Tideview Manor alone.
Now, her last hope was Shannon. 
How could Shannon shirk off the responsibility for putting Rosalind in this situation? That woman was her aunt, so she could not stand idly by no matter what! 
At this moment, the Salvador family was in the dining hall. 
Nigel’s condition stabilized, so his complexion turned rosy again. The old man did not like staying in the hospital and had returned to his villa in Crescent Bay to recuperate. 
Everyone in the Salvador family was present tonight. Justin was also at the table. 
However, the dining atmosphere was so depressing that they could get indigestion. 
Usually, Shannon liked to show off her love for Gregory at the dining table in front of Justin by sharing food. 
But tonight, Shannon and Gregory each ate their own food. Gregory’s face was gloomy, and Shannon kept picking at her plate. She clearly had no appetite. 
However, Bethany had a great appetite and ate more than usual. 
“You should eat less! Can’t you see that your face is much rounder than before? You’ll have trouble getting married if you keep this up!” Shannon was frustrated because of her sister’s family affairs. Seeing Bethany stuffing her face, Shannon finally found an outlet to vent her 
anger. 
“Tsk! Why can’t I eat more? Besides, I don’t need to worry about getting married.”
Bethany muttered and said nonchalantly, “Dad, Mom, you don’t need to look so sad. Although it’s a difficult problem to deal with now, it’s better that you find out sooner rather than later. Short-term pain is much better than long-term pain.”
###chapter305
Chapter 305
Bethany continued, “It’s better than letting that shameless woman and her leeching family suck us dry. Rosalind and Justin haven’t had an engagement party. It was just an 
announcement of the marriage, so it’s not that difficult to cut them off.” 
“Shut up and stuff your face!” Shannon glared at Bethany, hating her stupid daughter for being so tactless. 
Sure enough, Gregory’s face turned gloomier. 
Shannon made another wrong decision, which had a negative impact on the Salvador family again. Fortunately, Rosalind’s dark past was exposed in advance. Otherwise, Rosalind’s scandal and illegitimate daughter would make Justin and the Salvador family a laughingstock! 
“Madam!” 
At this time, the housekeeper hurriedly walked into the dining hall with a complicated expression. “Ms. Gold is right outside the door, demanding to see you.” 
Shannon’s face instantly turned cold. She felt as if she was sitting on pins and needles. 
“Let’s meet her. She’s your niece after all.?” Gregory’s voice was cold, and his eyes were downcast. 
Shannon knew very well that Rosalind was at the end of her rope, so she would never leave until Shannon met her. Thus, Shannon had no choice but to walk out of the villa. 
“Aunt Shannon!”
Rosalind ran over crying and held Shannon’s arm tightly. “You must save my mother! You must save her! She’s your biological sister!” 
“Save her? How should I do that?” 
Shannon was furious when she thought of her stupid sister, but she tried to suppress her voice. “Only her dumb brain could think of buying a hitman to kill a child. She could have easily solved this problem by giving away that kid. Why would she want to kill that girl to destroy the evidence? Does she think killing someone is so easy?” 
“But what can I do? Bella already knew about my past in Meridan. She wants to destroy me. With her power, she’ll definitely find the child! We were just too desperate at that time!” 
“What a bunch of idiots! Bella is deliberately trying to trick you. Bella barely did anything, but you guys made a big deal out of it and got yourselves into trouble. She effortlessly defeated you and your mother! Now that everyone knows what you’ve done, and your child even showed up here, how could you ask me to help you?!” 
Shannon’s chess piece, which she had worked hard to groom for more than ten years, was destroyed by Bella. Thus, she was resentful. 
However, Shannon would not make the same mistake again. She wanted to cut off all ties with her sister’s family immediately, lest she be implicated. 
“Aunt Shannon, you can’t just leave us to die! The creditors are chasing me constantly, and my dad is unconscious. I can hardly pay for his hospital bills!” 
Rosalind’s legs shook in fear when she thought of those ferocious creditors. “Can you help me to pay off the debt first? I’ll take a loan from you! When the company gets back on its feet, I’ll pay you back!”
“How are you going to pay me back?” 
Shannon knew that Rosalind was no longer of use, so she no longer held back her emotions and sneered. “Your brother is in prison, and your father has become a vegetable. The Gold family is helpless. Your company has been nothing but a shell for a long time. Even if I sell you off, it won’t be enough to pay me back! If I were you, I’d buy a plane ticket right now and hide out in Meridan for the rest of my life. After all, I wouldn’t have the cheek to stay here anymore if I were in your shoes. Don’t you have many good friends in Meridan? Go find them and think of a solution!” 
Shannon was disowning her relatives. She waved her hand with disgust, wanting to get rid of this trouble immediately. 
Unexpectedly, Rosalind gripped Shannon’s arm with her sharp nails. Her tearful eyes turned sinister by the second. “Aunt Shannon, we’ve worked together for so long, and I have listened to your arrangements since I was a child. I’ve done so much for you. Have you forgotten all of them?” 
Shannon was frightened. “What are you going to do?” 
“Now that my reputation is ruined and Justin hates me, I have nothing to be afraid of!” 
Rosalind’s haggard face gradually turned fierce as a dark light flashed across her eyes. “If you don’t help me, I will have no choice but to tell your husband all the things you have instigated me to do over the years. I’ll tell him how you asked me to deliberately approach Justin and asked me to spread rumors, which caused Justin to be discriminated against and isolated. I’ll also tell him about how Justin’s mother’s depression worsened and how she finally committed suicide. I’ll come clean to Uncle Gregory and Justin! You’re my aunt, so don’t force me to turn against you!”
###chapter306
Chapter 306
Shannon broke out in a cold sweat as she walked back to the dining hall, deep in thought. ‘How dare that little bitch Rosalind threaten me!’ 
There was no evidence for all the little things Shannon did, so she was not afraid. 
However, Gregory was no longer as affectionate to her as before. If Rosalind added fuel to the fire, Shannon’s situation in the Salvador family would worsen. 
At this moment, Shannon wanted to help Rosalind settle her debts, but she did not want to pay out of her own pocket. Thus, she would shamelessly stage a crying and pitiful scene in front of Gregory. 
Greg, although Rose made a mistake, you’ve watched her grow up, so you know how well- behaved and sensible she used to be. Now that my sister is in prison and my brother-in-law has become a vegetable, Rosalind has no way to make ends meet. She’s so frightened by the debt collectors that she dares not return home. After all, I raised her too, so I can’t bear to see her like this.” 
Shannon placed her slender hand on the back of Gregory’s clenched fist. She had tears in her eyes, as she said, “Greg, you have always been kind-hearted and magnanimous, so just think of this as charity. Let’s help Rose get through this difficult time. That way, you’ll be seen as benevolent and righteous…” 
Gregory’s frown relaxed a little. He was getting convinced. 
Suddenly, someone slammed the table. 
Gregory and Shannon were shocked. Bethany was so frightened that she almost choked on her food. 
Justin, who had kept silent, took out a recording pen from his pocket and threw it in front of Gregory and Shannon.
“If you want to help Rosalind, then listen to this first before making a decision.’ 
Shannon’s heart was beating like a drum. She could not figure out what Justin was playing at. 
Gregory picked up the recorder with a puzzled look and pressed the play button. 
It was a conversation between two people. One of them was Memphis, and the other was Rosalind. 
“Don’t do anything to Bella until I give you the green light. The situation has improved now that I’ve regained Justin’s trust. Gregory has even agreed to our marriage, so we should be announcing our engagement soon.” 
“Well, now that Justin and you are all sorted, what about the $5 million…?” 
–“Is it really necessary for you to rush me for that small amount of money? I will wire you $50,000 first. Go ahead and waste it all. Once Justin and I have finalized everything and the engagement ceremony is wrapped up, I’ll transfer the balance to you.” 
When the recording ended, there was dead silence in the dining hall. 
Shannon’s face turned frosty. She regretted interceding for Rosalind now. 
‘What a dumb cow! Why would she leave traces of her misdeed?! She really deserves what’s coming to her!” 
“Aunt Shannon, is this the sweet girl you raised?” 
Justin’s eyes were bloodshot. He sneered. “You should be lucky that my ex-wife was smart enough to nip your niece’s treacherous plan in the bud. Otherwise, if anything happens to Bella, Rosalind will end up much worse than she is now. I have ways to make her life worse than death.”
Shannon gasped and stared at Justin’s ruthless eyes in disbelief. 
She thought that Justin was like his father-emotional, indecisive, and clingy. 
After all, Justin had been loyal to Rosalind for so many years. Even if Rosalind betrayed him, it would not be easy to sever the emotional bond of more than ten years. 
Shannon did not expect Justin to be so cold and heartless. Those feelings he had for Rosalind were clearly long gone. 
“Rosalind just treats me and our family as an ATM and a means to climb the social ladder. Who can guarantee that she will actually use the money to save Patrick Gold and the Gold Corporation when she gets the money? She might even be up to no good.” 
Justin picked up a napkin and wiped his lips. Then he stood up slowly and gracefully, all the while staring at them coldly. “Chairman Salvador, if you want to do charity, there are hundreds of welfare homes and nursing homes in Savrow and millions of schools across the country that you can offer your kindness to. Why would you want to waste your money on a woman with ulterior motives?”
###chapter307
Chapter 307
After saying that, Justin’s handsome face turned cold, and he left the dining hall. 
Shannon’s heart trembled as she looked at the man’s tall and cold back. 
At this moment, Gregory took his hand out from under Shannon’s palm and stood up with a stern face. 
“Justin is right. They brought this on themselves! We’ve done our best to help them before, but now that they’ve caused a catastrophe, we can’t help them, lest we become their accomplice. From now on, you should stop meddling in the Gold family’s affairs. Stay away from this kind of toxic relative!” 
Gregory also left the table angrily. 
“Yeah, Mom. Why do you care about her? You should let that little bitch, Rosalind, fend for herself…” Bethany chewed on her steak with her cheeks puffed out. 
“Eat your food! You know nothing!” 
Shannon’s gaze was vicious. She could not hold back her anger and could not care less about keeping her graceful manners. She picked up a bun and hurled it at Bethany. 
Shannon thought, ‘I’ve underestimated this boy. He is far crueler than his father!’ 
It seemed that she had to use her private savings to pay for the Gold family’s debt. 
It felt like she was shooting herself in the foot. Her heart ached just thinking about it. 
* 
After Justin had dinner, he went to the garage to pick up the car and drove to Crescent Bay.
Justin was not as relieved as he imagined after getting rid of Rosalind. 
From the first day he became the heir to the Salvador Corporation, he had always wanted to do everything perfectly. 
However, he seemed to have messed everything up, including his marriage and family. 
-“Ms. Thompson is so kind and skilled! I was so scared at the time that my heart almost stopped. But Ms. Thompson calmly took out the needle and accurately inserted the needle into several acupuncture points on Old Master Nigel’s head, buying him more time for rescue. This is the first time in three years that I have discovered that Ms. Thompson has medical skills. She’s certainly comparable to Old Master Nigel’s personal doctor!” 
Justin took a deep breath and stepped on the accelerator. 
In fact, Justin should have noticed that Bella had medical skills. 
Not only did she save Nigel but she also rescued the housekeeping staff who suffered from epilepsy at the hotel. Before they were divorced, Justin suffered from severe headaches several times. Back then, Bella also did some acupuncture on him to relieve his pain. 
She had sacrificed a lot for him, and she had always quietly done her duty as a wife and taken care of his family. 
But why had he only thought of how annoying and hypocritical she was at the time? She was full of advantages, but Justin felt like he was blind because he could not see them back then. 
Justin clenched the steering wheel with his right hand and pressed on his shaking chest with his left hand.
Looking back now, Justin felt that he had wasted all his time on Rosalind and that she was his biggest mistake. 
Perhaps to Bella, he was comparable to Rosalind. 
When Nigel heard that his grandson was coming, he was overjoyed and waited for him in the living room. 
Nigel had never told anyone that he loved his grandson, but he had always doted on Justin. Otherwise, Nigel would not have gone out of his way to help Justin become the president of Salvador Corporation.
###chapter308
Chapter 308
“Grandpa, how have you been these past two days? You must tell me if you feel unwell.” 
Justin got down on one knee in front of Nigel’s wheelchair and looked up at his grandfather with clear and youthful eyes. “Why don’t you stay with me in Tideview Manor? Wilma and I can take good care of you.” 
“Why should I go back to that place? I think I’ll die faster if I see your father and his hapless wife every day.” 
Nigel’s head hurt whenever he thought of Shannon, and he could not help but exhale deeply. I vowed that I wouldn’t stay at Tideview Manor again until Gregory divorces Shannon. Moreover, I like living here. It’s the secret of longevity! Out of sight, out of mind!” 
Justin curled his lips and smiled helplessly. There was really nothing he could do about his stubborn grandfather. 
“This villa is Old Master Nigel’s and Old Madam Deborah’s love nest. Old Master Nigel wants to stay here because it has the remnants of Old Madam Deborah’s presence. That’s why he’s reluctant to leave.” Matt explained with an understanding smile. 
“Matt, I may really be old and senile. Sometimes, I hallucinate.” 
Nigel turned his head and looked in the direction of the garden with a longing gaze. “One time, I actually saw Deborah singing while watering the flowers in the garden. When I got closer, she even smiled at me.” 
“Old Master, you’re not senile. Old Madam must have felt how much you’ve missed her over the years, so she was also reluctant to leave you and kept you company.” Matt comforted him softly.
Justin felt a lump in his throat and hung his head guiltily. 
He was well aware that his grandfather and grandmother had a good relationship and a deep love for each other. It was because he witnessed their blissful marriage that he was hopeful that his love would be as strong and beautiful as theirs. 
That was why he was so obsessed with being with Rosalind. 
Along the way, he noticed something wrong with Rosalind and that their personalities did not match. They did not have much to talk about. More often than not, he was the one accommodating her. 
However, Justin was too eager to receive love. He was afraid that all his efforts would be in vain if it did not work out. 
In the end, he still failed miserably and even hurt another person who was sincere with him. He was truly stupid. 
“I’m sorry, Grandpa.” Justin’s long eyelashes fluttered, and his voice trembled. 
Nigel looked at his proud grandson, who was feeling so ashamed at this moment. He sighed in distress and patted Justin’s shoulder. “You’re just as stubborn as I was when I was younger. But I’m luckier than you in the sense that I love the right person. You’re not as luck 
as me in that respect. But, fortunately, you took a step back and didn’t make the same mistake again. 
Hehe! This is something to be celebrated!” 
“Grandpa, I…” 
“Actually, I’m also at fault. I shouldn’t have forced you to be with Anna. From now on, I’ll allow you all to pursue your own happiness. It’s really unfair to Anna to force her to be with someone who doesn’t love
her.” 
Nigel said with a serious face, “Matt, please make a list of all eligible bachelors for me tomorrow. I’d like to screen through them for Anna. That way, I can introduce Anna to them when she’s free. Although Anna is divorced, I can’t let the divorce be the reason she’s unmarried. Otherwise, I won’t be able to die in peace!” 
“Oh? Oh, right. Yes, sir.” Matt responded, feeling dumbfounded. 
After hearing this, Justin suddenly recalled the scene of Christopher giving Bella roses under the sunset. 
He secretly clenched his fists, and his heart felt sore and sour. 
After talking to his grandfather for a while, Justin drove away from the villa. 
“Old Master, you’ve always wanted Young Master Justin to be with Ms. Thompson. Why did you want to introduce someone else to Ms. Thompson?” Matt asked with confusion. 
“I know my grandson best. If I force him to o 
opposite.” 
back together with Anna, he will do just the 
Nigel narrowed his cunning eyes and smiled slyly. “Men are naturally possessive, and we like a challenge. He will only admit his feelings and figure out who he really wants when he feels a sense of crisis.”
###chapter309
Chapter 309
A lot of things happened lately, but today, the dust finally settled. 
Bella triggered a butterfly effect by using Memphis to completely overturn the Gold Corporation. 
Although Salvador Corporation was affected, Justin did not marry Rosalind yet, so many considered him a victim in this relationship. He had just become a laughingstock. 
In the general manager’s office, Bella played two rounds of video games while Steven peeled grapes for her and reported on several important events. 
“Mr. Ralph said that Jean is about to go for her first trial. So far, no competent lawyer is willing to defend her because the evidence is solid. No one wants to lose a case that cannot be overturned. It’s quite certain that she’ll be sentenced to 20 years in prison.” 
Steven leaned down considerately and fed a juicy, peeled grape to Bella. 
Bella swallowed it in one gulp, narrowed her cat eyes, and licked her red upper lip. “Mmm! It’s so sweet!” 
Steven could not help but smile. He thought that she was sweet. 
“Ralph should’ve called me to tell me about these things in person. Why would he ask you to convey them to me? Sigh…” Bella sighed helplessly, feeling a little frustrated. 
Her seventh brother, Ralph, was similar to her youngest sister, Amelia. They were both considerate and burdened by their identities. 
Ralph was only three years older than Bella. He has cared for her as much as her four brothers
have since Bella was a child. 
“Mr. Ralph has an inferiority complex. He couldn’t blatantly pamper you.” Steven was a bystander, so he could clearly see the relationship between the Thompsons. 
“Ralph is overthinking it.” 
Bella shook her head. “To me, he’s the same as Asher, Axel, Drew, and Declan. I love them and 
admire them the same.” 
“By the way, Memphis is now in lockup, so Mr. Axel and Mr. Ralph arrested several gang members from the casinos and loan shark companies and locked them up with that scumbag.” 
Steven gritted his teeth and looked cold. “Memphis can pay back what he owes them.” 
Bella smiled and said, “They’re so thoughtful. I’ll cook a feast for them tomorrow as thanks!” 
“Also, I heard that the debt owed by the Gold family is almost paid off.” 
Bella’s finger stopped mid-air as she frowned slightly. “Did Justin help pay it back? Hah! How kind and generous of him! 
“It’s not Justin. It’s Shannon.’ 
Bella pursed her lips and said nothing. 
“That’s strange. Rosalind’s reputation went down the drain, so she’s of no use to Shannon 
anymore. Shannon is not a kind person, so why would she clean up the mess for the Gold family?” Steven asked, expressing his doubts.
“Rosalind may not be of use anymore, but she probably has something on Shannon.” 
Bella smirked. “They’ve been in this act for so many years, so how could Rosalind be clueless about Shannon’s dark past? As you said, Shannon is not a philanthropist, so she must have been manipulated by Rosalind. Shannon had no choice but to help the Gold family fill this black hole.” 
“Hmph! She deserves it!” 
Steven peeled another grape and put it to Bella’s lips. “I heard that Rosalind paid the hospital bills and left her father alone to go abroad to avoid the limelight. I think she won’t be coming back to Savrow anytime soon. Rosalind did not even care about her poor daughter. I’ve done as you requested and sent her to an orphanage in Savrow that KS Group has sponsored. The girl is living well in a new environment, so you can rest assured.” 
“What a pity.” Bella swallowed the grape. 
“Pity?” 
“It’s a pity that Rosalind and Justin didn’t get married. They are both selfish and cold-blooded people, so they belong together.” 
As soon as Bella quit the game, she found that a player named “Rose” had sent a friend request. The player was at quite a high level in the game. 
Bella did not think much about it. After all, as the number one slayer in the game, “Lucifer”, she had many friend requests every day. Since she liked roses, she added “Rose” as a friend.
###chapter310
Chapter 310
Soon, Rose sent Bella a message in the game. 
[Rose: Do you want to play a round?] 
[Lucifer: I’m going offline now. Maybe next time.] 
[Rose: Then can we have a cup of coffee at the cafe in KS World Hotel?] 
A few minutes later, Bella hurried to the cafe on the third floor of the hotel. 
There were no customers in the cafe at the moment. Christopher was sitting alone by the floor -to- ceiling window. The setting sun shone on his tall figure, making him particularly eye- catching. 
“Mr. Iverson.” 
Bella walked up to him and asked in surprise, “When did you get here? Why didn’t you come to my office to say hello?” 
“I heard that you’re very busy, so I didn’t want to disturb your work. I just came back to Savrow and had nothing to do, so I thought I’d sit here and wait for you to get off work.” 
Christopher’s narrow eyes arched as he smiled. He shook his phone and said, “As soon as I logged into the game, I discovered that you were online, so I contacted you.” 
“What do you want to drink? My treat.” 
Bella only felt that this man was too meticulous and thoughtful, although he came unannounced. It made her feel a little sorry for him.
“Hmm… I’ve had three cups of coffee, so I’m not thirsty now. I am a little hungry though.” 
Christopher gently pushed up his gold-rimmed glasses and smiled sincerely. “Ms. Thompson, will you treat me to dinner at your hotel? I’ve lived in Sentania for many years. It has been a long time since I tasted authentic Savrow cuisine.” 
Bella did not want to reject him again because she felt bad for making him wait so long, so she agreed to it. “Sure! It’s my treat, so you can eat to your heart’s content!” 
Bella told Steven to book a high-end private room and prepare several of the restaurant’s signature dishes for Christopher. 
During dinner, the two chatted and laughed happily. They got along well. 
Outside the door, Steven stood miserably against the wall. He faintly heard Bella’s bright laughter coming from the room and felt very uncomfortable. 
1 
Steven hated Justin, but he disliked Christopher as well. 
Some people just gave others a bad vibe. Steven knew at first glance that he could not be friends with Christopher. 
Steven admired Bella, but he was not the jealous type who did not like Bella talking to other 
men. 
He just felt that Christopher had a deep secret under his smiling face. Steven could not figure him out because he was so unpredictable. Even Bella could not predict when Christopher would suddenly show up.
It was better to be wary of that man. 
“The chef at KS World Hotel is great. The food here is delectable. Thank you for treating me to this meal, Ms. Thompson,” Christopher said with a satisfied smile. 
“You’re welcome. In fact, I’ve wanted to treat you to a meal for a long time now. After all, you saved my life that day.” Bella spoke gently and sincerely expressed her gratitude. 
“Since I saved your life, are you calling it even with just a meal?” 
Christopher gently smiled and tilted his tall body slightly. His charming smile was extremely pleasing to the eye. 
Bella was startled by his beauty. 
The next second, two concert tickets appeared in front of her. 
“Christian, the famous pianist from Inalia, is performing his first concert in Savrow at 7:00 p.m. tonight. Shall we go together?” 
Bella narrowed her eyes slightly, obviously caught off guard. 
Christopher breathed lightly and stared at her intensely for fear that she would reject him. His deep and clear voice was sultry and playful as he said, “Ms. Thompson, you wouldn’t reject your savior’s little wish, right?”
###chapter311
Chapter 311
Back in the president’s office of the Salvador Corporation, Justin leaned back in his leather chair after wrapping up a high-level meeting, weariness evident in his eyes. 
The buzz surrounding the matter between Rosalind and him had spread like wildfire within the company. Surprisingly, within the vast expanse of the Salvador Corporation’s skyscraper, not a single soul dared to utter a word of gossip about Justin. 
Unless, of course, they were willing to face the consequences, which could potentially lead to their demise. 
Having earned the promotion to deputy chairman of the board, Justin transformed into a true powerhouse, commanding unparalleled authority. However, despite his prestigious status, a profound sense of heaviness weighed on Justin, devoid of any satisfaction. 
“I never expected Shannon to resolve the financial issues with Gold Corporation. It seems she’s been pocketing a significant amount of money. At least now, she’ll have to spit it back out.” Ian felt immensely satisfied to see Shannon take a loss. 
Still contemplating the situation, Justin responded, “Shannon built her wealth with Zephyr’s help. Even with Zephyr in prison, she still manages to accumulate a substantial sum. It implies there’s another source for her income.” 
Ian’s skepticism grew evident as he leaned forward, questioning, “Could the EV boutique be one of them? Could that mediocre boutique have such massive money-attracting power? It’s just bags and clothes. How can it generate such significant profits?” 
“After all these years working for me, how can you be so naive?” Justin’s eyebrows furrowed.
With a casual flick of his hand, Justin tossed a neatly folded paper airplane accurately toward Ian’s chest. “That boutique is just a facade for the extensive underground network in Savrow that Shannon has meticulously built over the years. While openly dealing in luxury goods, behind the scenes, she’s involved in bribery and shady dealings.” 
Ian shivered. “We really underestimated this old witch!” 
“I have never underestimated her. We should never underestimate our enemies.” 
Justin rubbed the bridge of his nose, his lips curling into a cold expression. “Dealing with Shannon is no overnight task. She has deep roots in Savrow, and with Gregory protecting her, it’s not the right time to make a move. We still lack sufficient evidence and the right opportunity. If you play with fire, you’re bound to get burned. The time will come.” 
Ian nodded with resentment. “Exactly! Sooner or later, we’ll spill that old witch’s blood as an offering to the heavens!” 
Justin changed the subject with indifference. “How’s the progress on Ada Wang’s project?” 
“The wedding planning proposal from our team has been revised, and we’re ready to meet with Ada Wang’s team at any time,” Ian reported. 
Ian hesitated briefly befofe cautiously suggesting, “Mr. Salvador, didn’t you mention compensating the young madam? This might be an opportunity to make amends. What if we hand over the wedding planning rights to the KS World Hotel? I think she would appreciate it 
}) 
Justin interrupted, “Why should I give it to KS World Hotel?”
Justin’s face was composed as he looked at Ian. “I owe Bella, not KS Group. Why would I give the opportunity to the Thompson family?” 
Ian was left speechless. “Truly, what kind of logic is this?’ 
“She once mentioned that in business, we must give our absolute best to compete with her. If I slack off now, wouldn’t that be looking down on her?” 
Justin lowered his gaze again, maintaining a cool demeanor as he added, “Just prepare as you should. In the business world, I won’t compromise my standards or principles for anyone or anything. I’m not Christopher Iverson.” 
Ian was puzzled. He felt like there was a subtle hint of jealousy in his boss’s words. 
At that moment, the phone on the table vibrated. Ryan’s call came through. 
“What is it?” Justin answered the call with a neutral expression. 
Ryan’s voice on the other end was full of excitement. “Justin, I’ve got VIP tickets for the concert of the renowned pianist Christian. Let’s go together!” 
“You’re going to a piano recital? When did a donkey like you start appreciating music?” Justin teased without holding back. 
“Tsk, if I can understand what you say, why wouldn’t I appreciate a piano recital?” Ryan, used to Justin’s banter over the years, took it in stride and added a touch of self-mockery. “Come on, I’ll swing by your office to pick you up in a while.” 
“I’m not interested.”
“Why? Are you still sulking over Rosalind? After being cheated on for so many years, you can’t get used to not having her around, huh?” Ryan seized the opportunity to tease him back. 
Justin, looking disdainful, furrowed his brows. “Don’t associate Rosalind with me anymore. It disgusts me! I’m hanging up.” 
“Wait, just a minute!” 
Ryan struggled with the task of dealing with this stubborn mule, forcing him to reveal the truth. “Zoe has returned from studying in Inalia. She is Christian’s proud protege and will be performing as a guest at her concert tonight. I wanted to surprise you, but you just had to spoil it. I thought it’d be more romantic that way, but I guess you’re allergic to romance!”
###chapter312
Chapter 312
Zoe Hoffman was Ryan’s younger sister. She had been part of Justin’s life since her early years, practically growing up before his eyes. 
Ryan was an elder brother who took on a fatherly role. He was exceptionally doting toward his only sister and showered her with attention that even rivaled the Thompson brothers’ affection for Bella. 
After a moment of contemplation, Justin gave in and said, “Alright, come pick me up.” 
Not long after, night fell upon the Savrow National Music Hall. 
Ryan had secured a VIP box on the second floor well in advance, ensuring the best view to witness his sister’s brilliance. Beyond that, he had arranged for a camera setup and was fervently manipulating the video equipment, eager to capture his sister’s entire performance. 
On the sidelines, Justin sat with his legs crossed. He cast a disdainful glance at Ryan, who appeared more professional than the paparazzi, deeply engrossed in his camera. 
Unimpressed, Justin said, “The organizers will document the entire performance and even engrave it onto commemorative discs for the performers. Don’t embarrass yourself with your half-baked efforts.” 
Ryan retorted, “A heartless person like you wouldn’t understand! The footage captured by a beloved brother is filled with brotherly love. How can it compare to the official recording?” 
Just as Ryan adjusted the camera angle, his eyes widened, and an exclamation escaped his lips. “Damn! Bella is here too. Did I miss something? And who the hell is that guy next to her? Why is his face so pale? Is he sick?!”
Justin’s heart skipped a beat as he hurried to the railing. In a VIP box across the hall, Bella and Christopher were both seated, exchanging glances while fully engrossed in their cheerful conversation. 
On the other side, Bella was completely unaware of the green-eyed observers. With fewer people on the second floor and the air conditioning running, the hall was colder than usual. Thus, Bella, wearing only a thin emerald green evening gown, had small goosebumps forming on her arms. 
Christopher noticed her shivering and, without a word, took off his suit jacket and kneeled in 
front of her. 
“Christopher, what are you doing…?” Bella’s eyes widened in surprise. 
He covered her slender legs with his suit jacket and said, “If your legs are warm, won’t feel so cold anymore.” 
then you 
With a charming smile, he continued, “Initially, I thought about suggesting you wear this jacket, but your dress is just too stunning. You’re like a siren from ancient Greek mythology. I wouldn’t want to hide your beauty.” 
Bella, feeling a bit flustered, shifted her 
toes uncomfortably in her high heels. The direct and bold gesture from Christopher was a stark contrast to what she was used to. ‘Perhaps men in 
Sentania are always this bold. Maybe this is why Camilla fell for her husband!’ 
Meanwhile, Justin, who was watching from afar, could not hide his growing frustration. Watching Christopher kneel in front of Bella heightened Justin’s emotions. He held on tightly to the railing until his
knuckles turned white. 
The prominent blue veins on his hands revealed the tension building up within him. 
In the midst of all this, Justin could not help but wonder about the true nature of Bella’s relationship with Christopher. The question lingered in his mind. ‘Were they really just friends, or was there something more?’ 
In an instant, Justin’s chest tightened as he held his breath, wary of the subtle ache intensifying. 
“Who the hell is that guy?!” 
Ryan, who once had his eye on Bella, felt a twinge of dissatisfaction seeing another suitor by his goddess’s side, despite the fact that she had completely rejected him. 
He complained, “He must be a wolf in sheep’s clothing. Also, look at how pale he is! Is he a vampire?” 
Justin’s gaze was still fixated on Bella. His voice was as cold as ice. “He’s Chairman Iverson’s youngest son, Christopher.” 
Ryan was momentarily stunned. “The Iversons? Why do I have no memory of him?!” 
Justin explained, “He has been in Sentania for over a decade and has just recently returned to Savrow.” 
“The Iversons are indeed a tough nut to crack. Why is everyone so eager for Bella’s attention? The rivalry sure is heating up!” Ryan squinted his eyes as he spoke, his eyes fixated on Justin’s tense expression. 
“Justin, you know the saying, even the sturdiest tree can sway in strong winds. You’ve got two options- either retreat gracefully or face the challenge head-on. It’s your choice.”
Justin took a deep breath and clenched his teeth. “Just keep your mouth shut!”
###chapter313
Chapter 313
The concert officially began. 
The renowned pianist, Christian, gracefully ascended the stage. She was adorned in an elegant deep blue velvet gown. Seated at the entirely black grand piano, she began to perform her renowned composition, ‘Seasons in the Wind’, captivating the audience. 
The audience was immersed in the enchanting melody, and a tranquil hush filled the auditorium. 
Even though the piano piece was lovely, Bella’s attention was fixated on Christian’s dark blue gown. This unique haute couture dress was the only one of its kind in the world. It was personally designed by the internationally acclaimed fashion designer Sharon-Bella herself. Individuals of such international high-end talent, celebrity status, and virtuous character, with a distinguished reputation, were the only ones deemed worthy to wear a gown designed by Sharon. 
Justin sat through the performance, but it did not capture his interest at all. His fists were clenched so tight that his arms subtly trembled. 
Throughout the concert, he tried hard to hide his frustration, but his eyes stayed fixed on Bella. She looked stunning, and every move she made seemed to bother him. 
Occasionally, Christopher and Bella leaned in, exchanging soft, whispered words. Bella nodded with a playful glint in her eyes, seeming like she was genuinely entertained by whatever Christopher was saying. 
Justin pressed his lips together, and he gripped his fists so hard that his veins popped out. His face turned pale, like it was covered in a layer of frost. 
He could not look away.
‘What could they possibly be talking about? Bella was married to me for three years and spent every day living with me, so why does she have more to say to him?’ 
As the concert progressed, Ryan was baffled by the sudden cold. “Damn, why is it suddenly so cold? The air conditioning is too strong…” 
Christian played a few more pieces before the spotlight shifted to Zoe, Christian’s talented protege. Zoe graced the stage in a stunning green chiffon gown, embellished with silk flowers. This accentuated her ethereal charm, making her appear like a forest fairy. 
Ryan, excited to see his sister on stage, enthusiastically waved at her. “Zoe! Zoe, look over here! It’s your brother!” 
Justin was irritated by Ryan’s behavior and had the urge to kick him down from the balcony. Meanwhile, Zoe, who was on stage, remained blissfully unaware of her brother’s disruptive antics on the second floor. Her face, as radiant as a full moon, beamed with a confident smile as she elegantly bowed to the audience below. 
Soon after, she gracefully positioned herself in front of the piano, resembling a swan’s elegance. Her ten fingers delicately touched the black and white keys, producing a seamless flow of smooth notes, 
The classical composition was Mozart’s “Turkish March”. 
Bella gazed at Zoe’s captivating performance. Her eyes were gleaming with admiration. However, a subtle hint of envy lingered beneath the surface. 
Her left hand rested on her lap, and with the precision of well-trained muscle memory, her fingers effortlessly followed the lively melody. Surprisingly, the once-crippled little finger seemed to regain vitality.
Christopher, captivated by Bella’s graceful movements, spoke with affection. “I remember how well you played the piano as a child.” He leaned in, whispering in her ear, “If you had chosen to pursue music back then, your skill would undoubtedly surpass hers by now.” 
However, Bella brushed aside the idea, her trembling fingers clenching tightly. “It’s impossible,” she declared, her certainty evident in her voice. “Those days are long gone.” 
During the battle in Kridor, she carried the heavily injured Justin back to the army camp. The ligaments in her left hand suffered severe damage, leaving her little finger completely paralyzed and powerless. Countless rehabilitation sessions and hours of effort and sweat were poured into restoring the remaining fingers to a semblance of normalcy. 
However, Bella harbored no regrets about saving Justin. 
Despite the hurt he deeply inflicted upon her, they once fought side by side for world peace. It was not Justin the scumbag she saved, but a soldier in the peacekeeping force. Her wounds were not a reminder of her mistakes but rather a badge of personal, supreme honor. 
As the concert concluded successfully, Christian, accompanied by her talented protégé, Zoe, took a bow as they received flowers and applause. 
“Bella, would you mind joining me backstage?” Christopher smiled and extended an invitation to Bella. 
“Is there something you need, Christopher?” Bella inquired. 
“I have a personal matter. My mother is a big fan of Ms. Christian, so I’d like to request a signed album from her.” 
Bella responded, “Christian is quite proud, so it might be challenging.”
Christopher’s eyes softened with a gentle smile. “It’s okay. Sincerity can move mountains. As long as I have the chance to meet her and genuinely express my request, there’s a chance she will agree.” 
Ryan beamed with pride, laughing all the way while carrying a large bouquet of flowers backstage with Justin. 
Unexpectedly, from the other end of the corridor, Bella and Christopher walked side by side toward them. The vast and open corridor suddenly felt narrow and cramped.
###chapter314
Chapter 314
The atmosphere instantly became tense. Bella was caught off guard as her eyes unexpectedly locked with Justin’s intense gaze. Her delicate eyebrows furrowed with annoyance. 
Christopher also seemed to be taken aback. He adjusted his gold-rimmed glasses with his fingertips. After a brief moment, his gaze turned somewhat awkward. 
“Sorry, Bella, I didn’t know he would be here before bringing you. Let’s forget about the autograph. We should leave first.” 
“It’s okay. I don’t mind.” 
Bella smiled nonchalantly, unfazed by Justin’s unexpected appearance. “There’s no law in our country that says we have to take a detour when we encounter an ex-husband, right? Besides, I really hope you can get the autograph and fulfill Mrs. Iverson’s small wish.” 
Christopher’s sharp eyes widened. He gazed deeply at Bella, profoundly moved. However, the expression on Justin’s face turned increasingly gloomy. 
The distance between them was not too far, so Bella’s voice was distinctly audible to him. Despite the fact that Justin and Bella had already divorced, Justin found himself unable to resist the pull of conflicting emotions during the concert. When he heard Bella express concern for Christopher’s mother, he could no longer contain himself. He urgently wanted to approach Bella and ask how far she had progressed in her relationship with Christopher. 
He battled an internal struggle, fearing potential embarrassment if he approached Bella. These were futile thoughts. After all, they had already parted ways. But against his better judgment, his heart seemed to steer him toward her uncontrollably.
Suddenly, the door to the dressing room swung open. 
“Justin!” 
A crisp, doll-like voice broke the tense atmosphere. Before Justin could fully grasp the situation, a soft, green mass immediately engulfed his tall figure. 
Zoe, Ryan’s younger sister, clung to Justin like a koala. Her rosy face nestled against his chest as she coquettishly asked, “Justin, did you come just to watch my performance? Were you planning to surprise me?” 
Justin’s demeanor shifted abruptly. His entire body tensed up. His eyes darted toward Bella discreetly, but Ryan remained blissfully unaware of his sister’s behavior. In his 
eyes, the interaction between Justin and Zoe appeared ordinary, reminiscent of their playful childhood days. It seemed perfectly normal to him. 
But he forgot that they were no longer children. 
Zoe, already 22 years old, had blossomed into a graceful young woman. Moreover, she and Justin were not blood relatives, making her current behavior rather inappropriate. 
Especially considering it was happening right in front of Bella. 
“Come on, Justin! Give me a hug!” 
Zoe’s arms tightened around Justin’s waist. She raised her face, making enthusiastic requests, 
completely disregarding the presence of others. Perhaps it was because there were others that she became even more uninhibited. She wished everyone could envy her and Justin’s intimate relationship. 
However, Justin remained stiff as a rock. He refused to respond to Zoe.
His gaze was fixed on Bella ever since she appeared. Zoe, sensitive to the nuances, quickly realized that Justin’s attention was not on her at all. 
Following the direction of his gaze, Zoe instantly spotted Bella standing not far away, radiating beauty as if a goddess had descended to earth. Jealousy ignited within her, and her eyes darkened with envy. 
Ryan was completely oblivious to the situation and said, “Zoe, now that you have Justin, have you forgotten about your real brother?” He pouted and teased, “I want some hugs, too! Come give your brother a hug!” 
“You have so many admirers. You can go get hugs from them,” Zoe retorted, lifting her hand with a mischievous smile, ready to touch Justin’s chiseled jaw. 
She continued, “Ryan is so sleazy. I prefer Justin-cool and broody-totally my type!” 
Justin furrowed his brows. He turned away from Zoe’s touch. 
At that moment, he abruptly noticed something. Bella’s gaze was calm, and her graceful figure was striding towards him with an air of elegance. 
Justin’s breath caught in his throat, and his heartbeat raced as if it might burst out of his chest.
###chapter315
Chapter 315
Bella gracefully tilted her head up, maintaining eye contact with Justin as she walked closer. At that moment, it felt like every drop of blood in his body seemed to converge at the tip of his heart. His throat tightened, and the muscles in his body tensed even further. It was as if every part of him was urging him to be with Bella, longing to reach out to her right then. 
Zoe, noticing Justin’s reaction, furrowed her brows slightly. She held onto him tightly, as if guarding a precious treasure. Her overwhelming sense of possessiveness was triggered. She could sense that Justin not only knew this beautiful woman but also cared deeply for her! 
Just when Justin thought Bella was approaching him, she unexpectedly turned like a gentle breeze, gliding past him. 
“Christian!” Bella called out, leaving the bewildered Justin behind her. 
“Oh! My sweetheart!” Christian, walking from the other end of the corridor, saw Bella as if encountering a long-lost friend. She waved at Bella with immense excitement and greeted her with kisses on the cheek. It was evident how close the two of them were. 
Everyone, including the three men and Zoe, was left speechless. 
Having been Christian’s protege for three years, Zoe knew Christian as a solitary and somewhat arrogant person. Christian rarely shared compliments and often had a sour expression. 
‘How did this woman effortlessly earn the rare sight of a smile from her mentor?’ 
“My dear, I never expected to see you in Savrow! OMG… If only I had known, I would have cleared my schedule to have dinner with you!” Christian joyfully embraced Bella.
“You still have rehearsals to prepare for. I wouldn’t want to disturb you.” Bella spoke fluent French, her tone soft and intimate as if it were her native language. 
Bella used her identity as Sharon in her interactions with Christian, who had not only ordered more than one custom dress from her but had also developed a close personal relationship with her. It could be said that Bella had a magical charm. Anyone who collaborated with her would eventually become her friend. 
As Justin watched Bella chat happily with the internationally renowned pianist Christian, memories of the past flooded his mind. His shoulders shuddered slightly, and suddenly, everything he thought about the world turned upside down. 
He remembered the early days of his marriage, when Bella’s eyes used to light up with joy, much like Zoe’s. Bella would come across interesting things, chatting away like those young girls. 
However, he often neglected her, not sparing her a single glance. Gradually, Bella became quieter, transforming into a silent presence at Tideview Manor, standing by his side. 
In those three years, Bella had no social life, and the arts and scholarly pursuits gave way to the mundane daily chores. Justin found her uninteresting, thinking she fell short in every aspect compared to Rosalind. He believed marrying Bella was a regrettable mistake. 
Little did he realize, he nearly destroyed Bella with his own hands. 
His emotional abuse had turned Bella into a docile and submissive woman, someone who walked on eggshells and settled for compromises. The deep affection Bella once had for him. was like the Titanic colliding with an iceberg. Even the flame-like fervor of their romance ultimately became a heartbreaking disaster.
“Mr. Iverson, come over!” Bella’s eyes sparkled as she looked beyond Justin towards Christopher. She waved at him with a cheerful smile. 
Christopher hastily adjusted his tie and the corners of his clothes and said, “I’m coming!” 
A hint of nervousness appeared in his usually composed features as he strode toward Bella with determined steps. 
Justin clenched his fingers tightly, bitterness piercing through his chest, while Ryan was seething with jealousy. 
Just as Christopher and Justin brushed past each other, Christopher suddenly halted. He smirked and adjusted his glasses as he glanced sideways, directed at Justin, who exuded the triumphant mockery of a victor. 
Christopher’s contemptuous gaze was like a sharp blade, cutting into Justin’s heart and leaving it in a blurry mess. Justin watched helplessly as the man walked to Bella’s side and stood shoulder-to- shoulder with her. 
Justin witnessed everything unfold and yet felt powerless. ‘Is this all I can do? Can I only be a useless bystander? Is there no way to stop their relationship from developing further?’ 
In the midst of this tension, Bella introduced Christopher to Christian, the renowned pianist. 
Bella grinned. “Christian, this is my friend, Christopher. His mother is a big fan of yours, so he’s hoping to get a signed album from you as a memento for her.” 
“Of course! I would be happy to!” Christian graciously complied, displaying an unexpected warmth.
Not only did Christian provide a signed album, but she also asked her manager to capture the moment. As the trio posed for a photo, a bitter taste filled Justin’s heart. The scene was a mix of complex emotions, rivalry, and an underlying sense of powerlessness for Justin.
###chapter316
Chapter 316
Exiting the concert hall, Zoe, reminiscent of her childhood self, clung to Justin’s arm throughout, sharing her overseas adventures with him while expressing her yearning for Justin. 
The only difference from her childhood habits was that she used to hold Justin’s hand with her left and her elder brother, Ryan, with her right. But now, her elder brother had been reduced to a mere bag carrier, completely forgotten. Her entire heart was dedicated to Justin. 
Ryan trailed behind them, his lips downturned, wearing a discontented expression. With Bella absent and his sister paying him no mind, Savrow’s most renowned playboy was beginning to question his worth. 
Upon reaching the parking lot, Justin abruptly halted. He took a deep breath and decisively withdrew his hand from Zoe’s grasp. 
“Justin? What’s wrong?” Zoe blinked innocently. Her small hand froze in mid-air. 
“Zoe.” 
Justin turned to look at her with a stern face. His gaze was no longer as gentle as it used to be during her childhood. It carried a sense of distance, sending her a chill that made her uneasy. 
“You’re a young lady now and no longer a little girl, so certain behavior with me is inappropriate.” 
“Why is it inappropriate? You are like my second brother!” Zoe, feeling a bit anxious, insisted, “Is there something wrong with a younger sister holding her big brother’s hand?” 
“Ryan is your real brother, and I’m not, so I won’t condone such behavior.” Justin stopped his words there, refraining from expressing anything further.
Zoe pouted, looking all innocent but holding a trace of anger in her heart. She couldn’t help but think that Justin’s sudden change of attitude was because of that beautiful woman. Finally, with Rosalind striking out, Zoe hurriedly returned to Savrow when Justin was at his loneliest and in need of companionship. She planned to captivate his heart and claim victory. 
She could not allow another woman to appear out of nowhere and disrupt her plans to win over this man she had a crush on for so many years. 
“Justin, your words are too hurtful.” 
Ryan, being a caring brother, could not bear to see his sister suffer even a bit. He swiftly approached and enveloped Zoe in his arms. “You’ve seen Zoe grow up. You used to carry her all the time, so holding hands now shouldn’t be a big deal. Besides, you’re not in a relationship now. If you get a wife, it’s right to maintain a distance from the opposite sex. But we’re both bachelors, so we shouldn’t be concerned about such things.” 
“Zoe will have a boyfriend in the future. Her hands should be reserved for her future boyfriend to hold.” 
Justin took a deep breath. He inexplicably pictured Bella’s face when he said, “My hands should be reserved for my woman to hold.” 
After parting ways with Christopher, Bella got into her own Rolls-Royce. 
“Achoo-!” 
Not sure if it was due to the cold air in the concert hall, Bella sneezed continuously. 
“Ms. Bella, are you catching a cold? When we get back, I’ll prepare some medicine and make ginger tea for you.” Steven hurriedly handed her a tissue.
Bella wiped her nose. The tip of her small nose turned red. “It’s nothing. I think someone is badmouthing me behind my back.” 
“I never imagined that we would encounter Jerkface Justin even at a concert!” Steven grumbled in annoyance. He took the tissue from his boss without minding the snot. 
A shadow crossed Bella’s beautiful eyes when she thought about how Zoe had hugged, snuggled, and touched Justin. 
‘That contemptible man indulged the little girl’s flirtatious antics. Deep down, he probably enjoys it.’ 
In reality, she had long been aware that Zoe was Ryan’s sister, but she remained oblivious to Justin’s connection with Zoe, especially the level of intimacy between them. Bella sneered and shook her head. She felt her three years of marriage to Justin had indeed been futile. She knew too little about that man. 
“This scoundrel isn’t content with having two sisters and wants to recruit more. How vulgar.” “Ms. Bella, what are you talking about?” Steven asked in confusion as he saw her muttering to herself. 
“It’s nothing, just casting a spell to dispel the bad luck of encountering that bastard,” Bella said, crossing her arms and closing her eyes to relax. 
In just a few seconds, her phone rang. It was Asher on the line. 
“Ash?” 
“Bella, the day after tomorrow, when you finish work, don’t leave right away. I’ll come to the hotel to pick you up, and we’ll head back to Hatchbay.” 
“Go back to Hatchbay? Did something happen to Dad?” Bella’s heart suddenly tightened.
“Don’t worry, Dad is fine.” 
Asher’s voice softened. “Uncle Lance is bringing his two sons to our house for dinner, so Dad wants all of his children who can make it to attend. They’ve been friends for over 20 years, and Dad doesn’t want to neglect the guests.” 
Bella’s tense heart relaxed, and she took a breath. “Alright.
###chapter317
Chapter 317
The moon was bright in the night sky, with no stars in sight. 
The Maybach halted at Tideview Manor. Mr. Salvador stepped out alone, instructing the driver, “Take Mr. Harris back. I’ll go in by myself. No need to follow.” 
“But, Mr. Salvador, it’s going to rain. I heard thunder on our way back.” Ian was concerned. There is still some distance from the main gate to the manor. It might be better to escort you in.” 
“No need.” 
Justin’s features were cold and deep. He lightly tugged at his Windsor knot tie and said, “I feel a bit stuffy, so I want to take a walk. You may leave.” 
“Yes, sir.” 
Ian leaned against the car window like a loyal guard dog and watched Justin until the car completely disappeared into the night. 
Justin took a deep breath and turned to walk toward the manor. However, before he could take more than a few steps, a loud clap of thunder echoed, and it began to pour. 
By the time Justin entered the house, he was completely drenched from head to toe. The harsh rain and fall winds were chilly and unyielding, and the stuffiness in his chest was particularly bothersome. 
Wilma rushed over in a panic. “Oh my goodness! Young Master! How did you get soaked like this?! Where’s the driver? And where’s Ian?!”
His face was pale. His jet-black hair that covered his twinkling eyes was soaked, and his lips trembled. Water dripped from his arms that were hanging at his sides. He looked like a stunning sea god that had just emerged from the sea and transformed into his human form. 
“Wilma…” 
His throat tightened, and he asked in a hoarse tone, “Is there any wine? I want a drink.” “You’re soaked, and you still want to drink alcohol? Are you out of your mind? I’ll go make some ginger tea for you. Hurry upstairs and get changed!” Wilma was deeply concerned. She turned to leave, but Justin grabbed her. 
“I just want to drink wine. Let me drink.” 
“Young Master, what’s going on with you?” Wilma had a sense that something was not right. Unable to bear it any longer, Justin said, “I ran into Bella tonight.” 
“Young Madam? You saw the young madam?” Wilma was initially pleased, but Justin’s next words made her furrow her brows. 
“Someone is with her.” 
“Who?” 
“She has a boyfriend.” The words came abruptly from Justin’s lips, his voice husky and broken. 
Wilma gasped, inhaling a cold breath and staring in astonishment. “So soon?! Well, I guess that’s expected. Young Madam is outstanding, beautiful, kind-hearted, and has a prestigious background. Even after a divorce, she will surely have plenty of suitors. She won’t have trouble remarrying.” 
‘Remarry?’
Justin’s eyes turned bloodshot, and his heart pounded heavily. 
“So, is it because Young Madam has a boyfriend that you’re like this? You drenched yourself in the rain and want to drink away your sorrows?” Wilma looked at him with a serious 
expression. 
“I don’t know…” Justin shook his head absentmindedly. 
“Young Master, if you’re feeling uneasy because Young Madam’s love, which was originally meant for you, has been given to someone else, I advise you to quickly adjust your mindset and let it go. It will be good for both you and Young Madam. But if you genuinely desire Young Madam as a person, even though you two are separated now and it may feel like it’s too late, I still hope you can figure out your own heart and try to chase Young Madam back.” 
Wilma placed her warm hands on Justin’s damp shoulders. Her gaze was intense. “Young Master, even if it turns out to be in vain in the end, at least you won’t regret trying. Besides, Young Madam deserves it.” 
‘Figure out my own heart?’ Justin kept shaking his head, continually denying something in his aching heart. But with each denial, his heart would ache even more. 
After graduating from the Royal Music Academy in Inalia, Zoe was selected to join the Royal Symphony Orchestra. However, she ultimately gave up the position and chose to return to 
Savrow. 
Despite being an economic center, Savrow lacked the cultural richness of Inalia. It was permeated with the scent of money and materialism, making it an unwise decision to come back for someone seeking an artistic atmosphere.
However, she had her own secret plans-plans even Ryan, her elder brother, was unaware of. 
Upon learning from her elder brother that Justin had definitively broken up with Rosalind and that there was no possibility of reconciliation, Zoe was reignited with hope. In a hurry, she returned to Savrow, ready to embark on her mission to conquer the man. 
With nothing else to do that day, Zoe invited Bethany to her home. 
Accustomed to being pampered, Zoe was haughty, arrogant, and self-assured in her beauty. As a result, she generally looked down upon women in Savrow’s elite circles.
###chapter318
Chapter 318
Yet, Zoe was exceptionally close to Bethany, driven solely by a simple reason-Bethany was from the Salvador family. 
In Zoe’s eyes, only individuals with such prestigious family backgrounds were worthy of her friendship. 
“Oh, Bethany, you look so beautiful today! Oh, you brought a gift. That’s incredibly 
thoughtful of you.” Zoe greeted Bethany at the door with a radiant smile. The two appeared as affectionate best friends, holding hands. 
“Zoe! I’ve missed you so much! You look even prettier than the last time we met!” Bethany showered her with compliments, all while harboring her own ulterior motives. 
Given Ryan’s affection for his younger sister, establishing a good relationship with Zoe would provide Bethany with a reason to frequently visit the Hoffmans. 
Bethany intended to take a subtle approach to win Zoe’s favor. If Zoe were to speak highly of her to Ryan, she could swiftly ascend to the position of the young madam of the Hoffman family. 
Bethany was truly quite cunning. 
“A few days ago, I traveled around Europe and bought some souvenirs. I bought something for you and for Mrs. Hoffman. They’re not very valuable, so please don’t be disappointed.” 
Zoe gazed at the mountain of luxurious gift boxes, a sly smile playing on her lips. “Is there a gift for my big brother in there?”
“Yes, there is… I was worried your big brother might not like it and wouldn’t accept it…” Bethany blushed, shyly lowering her head. 
“Oh, look at you! How deep is your affection for him, blushing like a peach at the mere mention of him?” 
Zoe playfully beckoned with her finger toward Bethany. “Leave it to me. He’ll accept it as long as I give it to him.” 
“Thank you so much, Zoe! You’re the best!” Bethany felt elated and promptly retrieved the gift intended for Ryan. 
Zoe took the exquisite box, opened it, and discovered a platinum tie pin with sapphires embedded at both ends-a clearly valuable item. 
At that moment, Ryan descended the vintage-style spiral staircase in a YSL purple haute couture suit. He wore a rose-patterned black silk shirt underneath, maintaining an ethereal and noble air about him. 
Bethany stared in admiration at her idol, her mouth slightly agape, almost on the verge of drooling. 
Zoe called out sweetly to her elder brother. “Ryan!” 
Ryan, who had been smiling indulgently at his sister, turned cold and distant at the sight of Bethany. 
“Ms. Bethany, what brings you here?” 
“I… I…” Bethany stammered, nervously swallowing. 
“Ryan, I invited Bethany to visit our home,” Zoe said as she embraced Bethany, leaning intimately on her shoulder. “We have always had a great relationship, didn’t you know? She’s 
best friend in Savrow.”
my 
“Is that so? I really didn’t know.” 
Ryan squinted, offering mock advice. “Zoe, I don’t oppose you making friends, but be discerning in your choice of friends. Some friends guide you, while others lead you astray.” 
Zoe discreetly glanced at Bethany, who was now pale with embarrassment. 
“I understand, Ryan. I’m already 22! Don’t you think I can distinguish between good and bad people?” Zoe replied calmly. 
“I know you haven’t been in Savrow much in these years, and you don’t have many friends here. If you really want to make friends, I can introduce you to Ms. Bella Thompson. She’s the beautiful lady you saw last night.” Ryan suggested. His tone softened when he mentioned Bella. “Coincidentally, she’s acquainted with your mentor, Christian. You’ll surely have a lot in common.” 
Zoe sneered inwardly at the suggestion. What a joke! How could she be friends with her love rival? 
Ryan walked over to his sister, gently pinching her cheek. As he was about to leave, Zoe took the opportunity to place the gift in his hand. 
“Ryan, this is a gift Bethany specially selected for you. She put a lot of thought into it, so you must accept it with care,” Zoe said, blinking her innocent, charming eyes at him. 
Ryan took the box without saying anything, striding away with effortless grace. 
“You see, 
I told you. As long as it’s from me, he will definitely accept it,” Zoe boasted, hands on her hips.
Bethany was so moved and excited that tears welled up in her eyes as she looked gratefully at 
Zoe. 
Ryan walked calmly to the doorway, his composed face revealing nothing. 
He coldly glared at the delicate box, not even desiring to open it. He raised his arm, seemingly prepared to toss it far away. 
Then, recalling his sister’s words, he spotted his female secretary by the car. He licked the tip of his tongue against his upper palate and flung the box towards her. 
The secretary hurriedly caught it, looking puzzled. “Mr. Hoffman, what is this…?” 
“A gift for you.” 
She opened it and stared in confusion. “But Mr. Hoffman, this is a men’s tie clip. I don’t even have a boyfriend. I have no use for it.” 
Ryan glared irritably. “Don’t you have a father? If not, use it to clip some documents. I don’t 
care what you do with it.”
###chapter319
Chapter 319
Since Ryan was not around and Mrs. Hoffman was still convalescing abroad, Bethany’s scheme to earn some brownie points faced a temporary setback. However, the thrill of Ryan accepting her gift made her heart race. She might not be able to fall asleep tonight. 
In the afternoon, the two of them enjoyed the fall scenery beneath the enormous parasol tree in the Hoffman family’s backyard, sipping afternoon tea. 
“Zoe, when did you meet Bella?” Bethany’s internal alarms blared, carrying a mix of hatred and jealousy directed at Bella. 
“I bumped into her backstage the day before yesterday during my master’s music performance,” Zoe replied nonchalantly. 
With a relaxed posture, legs crossed, Zoe took a sip of black tea and glanced at Bethany, inquiring, “From the tone of your voice, it seems like you have a grudge against Bella.” 
“Grudge? More like an irreconcilable feud!” 
“Is it that serious?” 
“Zoe, you’ve been abroad for a long time, so there are many things you don’t know.” Bethany gritted her teeth, her voice dripping with disdain. 
“Bella is like a puppet master pulling the strings, manipulating Justin’s and Ryan’s every move, and causing complete chaos!” 
“The Salvador family is in utter chaos because of this woman!”
“What? My elder brother likes her too?” Zoe’s eyes darkened. 
“Ryan was seduced by that bitch! Bella is quite skilled at captivating men. She’s a natural-born temptress!” Bethany was on the verge of exploding. Her cheeks flushed in anger. “But luckily, they are not as close now. I suppose that vixen has found a new target. 
“Ryan doesn’t get seduced by just anyone. He’s usually the one who fools around with women, not the other way around. Bella has probably already been with Ryan. He just never sleeps with the same woman twice. She’s just a plaything for him. He won’t get serious. I know him too well.” 
Shifting her focus to Bethany’s troubled expression, Zoe quickly reassured her with a comforting smile. “But Bethany, you’re different. Our families have a good relationship. With me around, I’ll ensure you win Ryan’s favor.” 
Bethany was moved to tears. “Aww, Zoe! You’re such a good friend!” She felt like she had embarked on a journey toward happiness. 
“By the way, 
Zoe the most. 
what’s going on between Bella and Justin?” This was the matter that concerned 
“Heh, talking about this makes me even angrier!” Bethany clenched her fists tightly, expressing her hatred. “She is Justin’s ex-wife!” 
“What did you say?!” Zoe suddenly stood up, and the precious tea cup in her hand fell onto the lawn. “Ex-wife?! How is that possible? Didn’t Justin just break up with Rosalind? He hasn’t even gotten married! How can there be an ex-wife?!” 
“Ah, you don’t know. They had a secret marriage, and they just divorced recently. Additionally, my grandfather was the one who set them up. 
Noticing Zoe’s interest in Justin, Bethany added fuel to the fire. “Even after their divorce, Justin and Bella remained close. Rosalind tried to cling to him and make a scene twice, but Justin hadn’t completely moved on from Bella! Rosalind brought it upon herself by annoying Justin with her silly tricks, but can he deny his decision to break up with her had no connection with that vixen, Bella?” 
This time, it was Zoe’s turn to be furious. 
“No wonder! That night, Justin’s gaze toward that woman seemed like he was entranced.” Zoe, with a tinge of bitterness, clenched her jaw. 
Zoe continued, “Rosalind struggled for more than ten years to win his heart. How did that woman become his wife? On what grounds?!” 
Zoe’s words left a sour taste in her mouth. “Bethany, if you don’t mind, let me be your sister- in-law!” 
Upon hearing this, Bethany was left speechless. She thought to herself, ‘This girl really doesn’t see herself as an outsider!’ 
“I certainly don’t mind! Compared to that ruthless and scheming Rosalind, of course, I would hope you become part of our family!” Bethany quickly expressed her loyalty. 
“Since we both have clear goals, why don’t we form an alliance and work together? What do you think?” Zoe approached Bethany, bent down, and placed her hands firmly on her shoulders. “I’ll help you win my brother’s heart, and you can help me with Justin. How does that sound?” 
“Zoe, you’re aware of my family dynamics. I have a half-sibling relationship with Justin and am not as close to him as you are to Ryan… I’m afraid I won’t be of much help to you!” Bethany’s words were
genuinely heartfelt, and in her eyes, this was almost as difficult as reaching for the heavens.
###chapter320
Chapter 320
“Mr. and Mrs. Salvador deeply cherish you! You can assist me in gathering information, serving as my inside source. By combining our efforts, the advantages will outweigh the drawbacks, especially when confronting Bella. I think it’s definitely more advantageous if we work together!” Zoe’s eyes flickered with desire. 
Upon learning Zoe’s plan to deal with Bella, Bethany immediately lit up, full of enthusiasm.” Alright, let’s form an alliance! We’ll see how that despicable Bella dares to act arrogantly in Savrow in the future!” 
Zoe crossed her arms, and her boldly painted lips exuded an air of arrogance and confidence. 
Zoe had enjoyed a life of luxury, endlessly pampered by her parents and brother since childhood. She attended school alongside members of the royal family and won international awards. Her entire life had unfolded under the spotlight and applause. 
She had never tasted defeat. Whatever she desired, she never failed to obtain it. 
–‘My hand is reserved for the woman I love.’ 
Zoe thought to herself, ‘I won’t let you slip away again, Justin. I am determined to marry you. I am the only one destined to hold your hand!’ 
In the blink of an eye, the day arrived for the return to Hatchbay. 
To make it back in time for the evening banquet, Bella dedicated the entire day to a whirlwind of activities-approving documents, attending meetings, and delving into wedding plans. Her schedule was relentless. 
Fortunately, the efforts yielded gratifying results.
Guided by Bella’s leadership, Ada Wang’s wedding plan saw successful completion after days of collaborative teamwork. 
As Bella declared the words “approved”, cheers erupted from the crowd, creating a joyous atmosphere no less exhilarating than the celebration of a successful Olympic bid. 
Collaborating with Bella demanded both robust mental and physical endurance. Otherwise, someone might succumb midway. Yet, during this period, not a single complaint was voiced, and there was no hint of retreat. 
Despite her elevated status, Bella personally immersed herself in the tasks at hand, showing no pretense as the heiress of KS Group. She worked just as hard as they did, providing a continuous supply of meals, coffee, and snacks, never shortchanging anyone. 
Although Bella upheld high standards and pursued perfection, her words flowed with grace, revealing a blend of creativity and ingenuity. When others faced challenges, she effortlessly provided timely solutions, earning admiration and appreciation from all. 
“Everyone, thanks for the tremendous effort during this period. Take a well-deserved three- day break to rest and recharge. Then, head to the dining director’s office to pick up two deluxe buffet vouchers and treat yourselves. I have an appointment later, so unfortunately, I won’t be hosting a meal for us.” 
Bella stood at the head of the oval-shaped conference table. Her fair and slender arms rested on the table’s edge as she smiled at the crowd. “Once we secure Ada Wang, you won’t just get bonuses and paid time off. You’ll also get those trips to the Maldives or Iceland that you guys talk about! I’ll pay for it out of my own pocket, so you can have fun. I’m a woman of my word!” 
“All hail, Ms. Thompson!” The crowd cheered, raising their arms in excitement.
Although the bid had not yet succeeded, Bella’s encouraging words infused everyone with a glimmer of hope. 
It was already 5:00 p.m. by the time Bella left the conference room. 
“Ms. Bella, I’ve prepared your attire for the dinner. It’s in the dressing room. Would you like to change now?” Steven followed behind her and asked gently. 
“I’m too lazy to bother. Uncle Lance has seen me grow up, and he’s like a brother to Wyatt. He’s witnessed all kinds of moments from my childhood.” 
Observing that time was running out, Bella and Steven entered the executive elevator. 
As the elevator descended, she adjusted her hair in the reflective doors and meticulously applied lipstick to her delicate lips. Like the final stroke on a canvas, her complexion immediately improved. 
Witnessing her discreet grooming, Steven smiled adoringly. 
Indeed, beneath the assertive and sassy exterior, there was still a soft and adorable young lady. 
Engrossed in their thoughts, neither of them noticed that the elevator had already reached the first floor. 
Ding- 
The doors opened. 
Once again, the enchanting scent of violet leaves filled the air, lingering and tantalizing the senses. It was warm, profound, and elegantly elusive. 
If this fragrance had a name, Christopher would likely be its creator.
As expected, Bella suddenly raised her gaze and unexpectedly met Christopher’s deep, mysterious eyes. In an instant, her pupils slightly contracted. Her hand trembled, and her 
carefully applied lipstick deviated from its course, leaving a playful red smudge. 
Christopher smiled as he locked his gaze on her surprised expression. 
“Ms. Thompson, I’ve come to take you home.”
###chapter321
Chapter 321
Bella stared at him in astonishment and asked, “How… How did 
you 
end up here?” 
Steven, who was standing behind her, witnessed Christopher’s mysterious reappearance. His heart sank, and he silently clenched his fist. 
“They told me this elevator was only reserved for you, so I waited here,” Christopher said with a gentle, shallow smile, skillfully sidestepping the real question. 
“I wasn’t asking about that. I meant, why did you come to find me?” Bella furrowed her brows. “Your dad is supposed to visit our house tonight. Aren’t you heading to Hatchbay with him?” 
Christopher calmly and confidently clarified, “That’s why I’m here-to pick you up. Let’s go back to Hatchbay together.” 
Bella pursed her red lips, suspicion creeping into her heart. His words were faultless, but not entirely innocent. 
“Thank you for coming to pick me up, Mr. Iverson, but Asher has already made plans with me. He should be here soon, and I’ll be following him back home.” Bella politely smiled. “See you at Yara Park tonight.” 
“I’ve already informed Uncle Wyatt of my intention to come and pick you up. He agreed, so Asher won’t be coming,” Christopher said with an unruffled demeanor.
“What?!” Bella’s beautiful eyes widened. She lost her composure. 
“Our families have a long-standing relationship. Chairman Thompson and my father are sworn brothers, and you and I grew up together. With such a connection, Uncle Wyatt shouldn’t worry that I’d kidnap you,” Christopher explained calmly. 
Christopher thought to himself, “Though I really wanted to whisk you away… I’d love to bring you back to Sentania, cherish you, protect you, and love you like my exclusive treasure.’ “Well… Alright, thank you for making the trip.” Bella remained polite, maintaining a sense of propriety in their relationship. 
This was rather unexpected from her eldest brother. Asher was usually so caring and protective of her, like a mother bear guarding her cub. But this time, he actually pushed her toward another man. 
Bella thought, ‘Does Asher also want to market me off like Wyatt? What if Christopher was a psychopath in disguise?’ Bella sighed silently, feeling guilty for being suspicious of her savior. 
“No trouble at all. I always have time for you, Ms. Thompson.” Christopher smiled warmly. 
Bella had grown accustomed to this man’s flirtatious way of speaking. She did not dwell on it too much as she walked alongside him. 
“Ms. Bella!” Steven’s heart felt a pang, and he quickly called out to her. 
Both of them came to a halt. 
Bella’s beautiful eyes filled with curiosity as she asked, “What’s the matter, Steve?” 
At this moment, Christopher adjusted his glasses. His dark, hawk-like eyes squinted slightly as he turned his gaze slowly toward Steven behind him. Steven felt a stinging pain in his heart from that gaze. He stiffened, hesitating to speak. “Miss, I…”
“Oh, right, Steve, I almost forgot.” Bella raised her gentle, bright eyes to him and said, “You don’t have to follow me home. You can leave early. You’ve been working hard lately, so go home and rest well tonight.” 
With that, they walked away from Steven. 
Steven’s shoulders slumped. A shiver ran up his spine when he recalled Christopher’s concealed, chilly gaze. He felt a cold force wrap around him, like being plunged into a dark cellar. 
Bella and Christopher walked side by side in the lobby, quickly drawing the attention of all the hotel staff. 
“Wow, look! Ms. Thompson has changed her companion! There’s finally a male presence besides Mr. Lovett!” Someone exclaimed. 
Another colleague said, “Really! And he’s so handsome! Mr. Lovett is totally outclassed!” 
“Mr. Lovett and this gentleman have completely different styles, right? This one is like a handsome and stern Dobermann, while Mr. Lovett is like an adorable Golden Retriever. They’re incomparable!” 
“I vote for Mr. Lovett!” 
“I vote for the handsome vampire-looking guy!” 
“Choosing favorites is for kids. As an adult, I’ll take both!” 
Outside the hotel’s main entrance, Christopher’s car had been waiting for some time. His secretary respectfully opened the car door. Just as Bella was about to get in, the man gently took hold of her arm. 
“Ms. Thompson.”
“What’s the matter, Mr. Iverson?” Bella looked at him in surprise. 
Christopher’s eyes brimmed with indulgence as he gently curled his lips. He retrieved a brand new and pristine white handkerchief from his pocket, intending to help her wipe away the lipstick that had strayed beyond her lips. 
However, this time, Bella did not let him have his way. Her almond eyes sparkled as she quickly took the handkerchief from his palm. 
“I can manage on my own.” 
Christopher’s gaze flickéred, and he merely smiled without saying anything. Soon after, the top-of-the- line Bentley departed from the hotel entrance.
###chapter322
Chapter 322
Across the street, the tinted windows of a sleek black Lamborghini glided down, revealing Justin’s sculpted and handsome face. 
His lips remained tightly pressed, and his eyes, usually cold, now held a subtle hint of red as he focused on the Bentley moving away. The sight of Bella and Christopher as a couple sent a palpable shock through him, causing his heart to react as if electrocuted. A chill surged through his veins. 
Justin had gone without sleep for two consecutive nights, and not even sleeping pills proved effective. Since they parted ways at the concert, Justin has been preoccupied and absent- minded. Known for his focus at work, he even skipped important meetings and let reports pass unnoticed. 
The reason behind his behavior eluded him, but he was certain that Bella was the root cause of his insomnia. 
Today, without informing Ian, he quietly drove himself to the KS World Hotel and waited patiently for the afternoon. 
His sole ive was to catch a glimpse of Bella. 
Even if it were just to ensure a full night’s sleep, he longed to see her. 
However, the shock hit hard when he saw Bella still in Christopher’s company. Intense pain radiated in his head, and a momentary haziness clouded his vision. 
The uncertainty of whether this encounter would alleviate his insomnia lingered, but the impact was akin to a heart attack. 
Justin’s bloodshot eyes darkened. He gritted his teeth and floored the gas pedal.
The sports car surged forward and raced to catch up with the Bentley. 
* 
Tonight, Yara Park buzzed with activity as the servants hustled to prepare for the arrival of distinguished guests. Following Wyatt’s invitation, the kids who could make it had returned Asher, Axel, and his seventh son, Ralph, were already there. Bella was en route. 
Amelia, who was swamped with important coursework, could not make it. Since it was not a particularly important gathering, Celeste insisted her daughter prioritize studying. 
“Another night of testosterone overpowering estrogen.” Axel sipped his tea in the living room. He glanced at Asher on his left and then at Ralph on his right, shaking his head with a playful smile. “Why is it so tough for us to meet up with our sisters?!” 
“Ax, be grateful. We just cracked a big case, and the chief gave us a two-day break. Otherwise, we won’t get to see each other in another decade!” Ralph, sporting a leather jacket, lounged on the sofa with his head propped up on his arm. His relaxed posture revealed the vibe of a guy who had spent considerable time in the police force, void of the grace that an elite man should have. 
As the youngest Thompson son, he bore the closest resemblance to Wyatt-thick brows, doe- like eyes, a steep nose, full and slightly upturned lips, and a sun-kissed, wheat-colored 
complexion that accentuated his bright, starry eyes. 
“Ugh, I really don’t mind that.” Axel teased. 
“Be thankful for my presence!”
Suddenly, there was a sharp snap. 
Asher and Axel jolted up in their seats. Their faces reflected a mix of confusion and curiosity as the scene unfolded before them. Ralph, the picture of nonchalance on the sofa, effortlessly raised his arm, nabbing a walnut hurtling toward him from an unidentified source. 
‘Damn! Is this the kind of reflex humans are supposed to possess?’ Axel thought. 
“Hehe! Mom, you really know how to pamper me. You chose such a large walnut, knowing they’re my favorite!” Ralph smoothly rose from the sofa, delicately placing the walnut on the coffee table. With practiced finesse, he crushed the shell with one hand, retrieving the kernel with a cheerful grin. 
“Sit up straight or stand properly! Honestly, you’re lacking all the poise expected of a Thompson man! Are you really a cop? Or have you spent a decade undercover in the 
underworld?” Mila scolded Ralph with her hands on her hips. She strode over to her youngest son with a frustrated expression. 
“Well, it’s no big deal, right?” Ralph grinned, munching on a walnut kernel and extending his hand to his mother. “Mom, this isn’t remotely enough to fill my cravings. Got any more walnuts?” 
“What on earth are you wearing? Hurry upstairs and change into something befitting our status before our guests show up!” Even the sophisticated and well-informed Mila could not suppress her irritation. She delivered a stern kick to her son’s butt. “I don’t care how you conduct yourself in the police force. The moment you step back into this house, you’re Wyatt Thompson’s 7th son, and I expect you to act accordingly! Chairman Iverson and his sons will be arriving shortly, so don’t embarrass your father!” 
In the study, Wyatt sat on a vintage leather sofa, sporting a pair of reading glasses on his straight nose, attentively flipping through the photos in his hands.
The protagonists in the pictures were none other than Bella and Christopher. 
“As per your instructions, I’ve been discreetly keeping an eye on Ms. Bella’s dating situation,” Quentin reported respectfully. “She hasn’t contacted anyone else on the list, but her interactions with Mr. Christopher from the Iverson family have been quite frequent.” 
Wyatt repeatedly flipped through the photos, nearly wearing them out. Upon hearing this, he asked in a deep voice, “Has Christopher Iverson made any inappropriate advances toward my Bella? Any improper behavior?” 
“No, Mr. Christopher is a refined gentleman. He knows how to conduct himself in the company of Ms. Bella and has shown no signs of crossing any boundaries.” 
“Hmm.” Wyatt pondered in silence, choosing not to say more. 
At that moment, there was a knock on the door. Celeste’s gentle voice came from outside. “Wyatt, Chairman Iverson and his sons have arrived.”
###chapter323
Chapter 323
On the ground floor, within the main hall. 
Asher and Axel, alongside Ralph, who had donned a sophisticated suit, and the two madams, had graciously received Lance and his second son, Charles Iverson, into their residence. 
“Asher the CEO and Axel the prosecutor! My, you two have grown into such fine young men! Oh, is this Madam Mila’s younger son? The last time I saw you, boy, you were still so small and playful. Now, you’ve grown to be so handsome! Where are you working these days?” 
Lance Iverson, the chairman of the Iverson Group, warmly approached the Thompson brothers and enthusiastically shook hands with them. 
“I am currently serving as a police officer, assigned to the criminal investigation department, Uncle Lance,” Ralph replied with a faint smile. 
“Really… A police officer?” Lance expressed a degree of surprise, a glint of shrewdness flickering in his eyes. 
From the perspective of this business magnate, a police officer was the lowest rung among public servants, earning meager wages, constantly putting themselves in danger, and engaging in a variety of gritty and strenuous tasks. More importantly, the career trajectory was limited. The pinnacle would be a senior police commissioner, far from the significance of inheriting a multi-billion-dollar family business. 
“My son lacks talent. I’m sure his career choice has given you a good laugh.” Mila displayed a hint of embarrassment. Her younger son’s chosen profession had always been a source of concern for her. 
Among Wyatt’s wives, Mila held the highest social status because she was from the Larson family. She did not want to compete with Wyatt’s other wives or partition the rest of the Thompson family, but her
upbringing had instilled a strong sense of family honor. 
Thus, Mila aspired for her children to be exceptional individuals, subjecting them to particularly stringent expectations. 
Yet, her youngest son, Ralph, happened to be an unambitious person and insisted on dedicating his life to criminal investigation, deviating from the path she had envisioned for him. It truly caused her a considerable headache. 
“Mila, you’re being too humble!” 
Sasha, who had always been forthright, stepped forward and proudly patted Ralph on the shoulder with a beaming smile. “How is Ralph lacking talent? At the age of 27, he achieved first -class merit and three second-class merits for consistently solving major cases. He’s genuinely the pride of the Savrow Police Department!” 
“Not only that, Ralph is now the captain of the Savrow First Criminal Investigation Division. He’s also the youngest captain in the history of the division, Uncle Lance.” Axel added. He joined in with support, as he did not want the Iverson family to look down on his impressive seventh brother. 
“Haha… Truly a promising young talent, indeed!” Lance chuckled in agreement. 
Ralph, upon hearing the accolades from his family, was even more pleased than receiving 
merits. He shyly scratched his head and grinned. 
“Lance! Oh, my…” 
Accompanied by Celeste and Quentin, Wyatt approached Lance and his son. His smiling eyes concealed a hint of teasing. “It’s been quite a while since you paid me a visit! I was starting to think some part of you malfunctioned and you went overseas for maintenance, afraid to face me.”
“Oh, that’s rich coming from you!” Lance briskly approached, sporting a playful frown. “Two months ago, I invited you to go horseback riding with me, and you came up with some excuse about being busy. What happened to the enthusiasm you used to have for horseback riding? It made me wonder if your legs aren’t nimble enough to climb onto a horse anymore due to your age. Were you afraid I’d make fun of you, so you declined my invitation?” 
“Haha… You really worry about inconsequential matters. My body is still agile!” Wyatt mischievously curled his lips. At 60 years old, he could still exude such arrogance. 
“When we are both elderly, toothless, and residing in a nursing home, I am certain I will be the one pushing your wheelchair. Just wait and see!” 
Observing the two brothers banter like in the old days, everyone could not help but chuckle on the side. 
Tonight, Lance adorned a meticulous four-piece suit, featuring a charcoal gray base and a silver-white tie with fine black stripes as an accent, radiating finesse. 
Unexpectedly, Wyatt did not adhere to the usual conventions. He chose to wear a white silk long robe with delicate embroidery, which added a touch of luxury. He looked effortlessly handsome in such casual attire. Not a single strand of white hair adorned his temples, and his posture remained as straight as it was twenty years ago. It was genuinely exasperating for 
Lance. 
Lance and Wyatt were both individuals who placed special emphasis on their appearance. Since their youth, they have dedicated considerable effort to dressing and skin care. They had engaged in this friendly competition for more than twenty years, seemingly determined to outdo each other until they were both in their coffins.
###chapter324
Chapter 324
“Hello, Uncle Wyatt.” Charles approached with grace and politely bowed toward Wyatt. 
Although Charles and Christopher were half-siblings, their physical traits diverged noticeably. Christopher, Lance’s fourth son, boasted a delicate and androgynous appearance, rendering gender identification challenging. Conversely, Lance’s second son showcased more sharply defined features- thick, arched eyebrows gracefully extending into his temples. His eyes were deep-set, and his gaze was as sharp as his father’s. He was also tall and slim. 
“Oh, Charles, greetings to you as well!” 
Wyatt extended an affectionate smile to the younger Iverson, whom he had watched grow up. “Lance, didn’t you say that you were bringing your youngest son along as well? It’s been quite a few years since I last laid eyes on your fourth son. Why isn’t he with you?” 
“Haha… That rascal mentioned having some last-minute business to attend to, so he will be arriving a bit later.” 
Lance scanned his surroundings, expressing confusion. “Wyatt, didn’t you say Bella would be joining us tonight? Why haven’t I seen her?” 
“Cough, cough… Bella mentioned she had some matters to attend to and would join us after resolving them.” Wyatt could not quite grasp his daughter’s routine, but she usually would not break a promise. 
“Tsk, Bella better not bail on us! I came specifically to see her!” 
Lance insisted, “I won’t leave without seeing Bella tonight!”
Soon after he said this, the butler’s clear voice echoed from outside. “Chairman Thompson, Ms. Bella is back!” 
“Speak of the devil!” 
Upon hearing of his daughter’s return, Wyatt instantly lit up with a beaming smile. His eyes sparkled with indulgence. 
At this moment, everyone turned to look at the entrance. 
Lance’s eyes immediately brightened. He extended his neck and eagerly gazed outward. 
Charles, who was usually nonchalant, also subtly changed his expression. Accustomed to grand scenes, he even discreetly adjusted his tie. He was inexplicably nervous. 
“Dad! I’m back!” 
A crisp and sweet voice resounded through the hall. 
Bella, radiant as the sun, walked in with graceful steps alongside Christopher, shocking everyone except for Asher., 
Even Wyatt was astonished. 
At this moment, Lance’s and Charles’s expressions became intriguing. 
Lance’s brow furrowed slightly, while Charles pressed his lips together, the color draining 
from them. His gaze turned cold and gloomy. A sense of irritation at being played surged in his chest. With a sullen face, he tugged at his tie.
“Uncle Wyatt, Dad, apologies for our tardiness,” Christopher said. 
First, he cast a deep glance at Bella by his side, then politely bowed to the two elders. 
“Chris, did you happen to run into Bella at the door?” Lance’s gaze shifted between them, probing. 
“No, Dad.” Christopher slowly curled his lips. His affectionate gaze lingered on Bella’s side profile. “I deliberately went to pick Bella up from her hotel and came here together with her.”
###chapter325
Chapter 325
Suddenly, the hall fell silent, and the air became somewhat tense. Bella turned in surprise, meeting Christopher’s gentle gaze. 
The way Christopher said “Bella” made Charles scowl even more. Wyatt glanced at his beloved daughter and appraised Christopher. His gaze was unreadable, yet he only smiled lightly, saying, “Chris, you purposely went to pick up Bella? That’s too much trouble.” 
“Uncle Wyatt, you’re too polite.” 
Axel nudged Asher with his elbow and asked in a low voice, “Ash, when did Bella get so close to Christopher? I had no idea!” 
“Do I need to disclose every detail about Bella?” Asher remarked casually. 
“Are you aware of their relationship, then?” 
“I am.” 
“Damn! Are you showing off how much closer you are to Bella?!” 
“I asked Christopher to escort Bella back.” 
Axel drew a sharp breath. “Ash, how can you casually push our baby sister toward another man? It’s hard to know someone’s true colors. What if this Christopher has impure intentions toward her? What if he makes unwanted advances on the way?” 
“Impure intentions are commonplace. In this world, no man will be immune to Bella’s charm. As for the latter, we don’t need to concern ourselves with it.”
Asher lightly smirked. “If Christopher were the person you described, would he still be standing here in front of us with all his limbs intact?” 
“Hmm, valid point.” 
After all, being the heiress of KS Group, Bella had been taught by Drew and Asher how to wield a sword and handle a gun since childhood, while her peers were still playing with dolls. 
In truth, Asher’s actions were not entirely selfless. Justin had firmly entrenched himself in Bella’s life for 13 full years. Even though Bella had uprooted that man from her heart, the deep and heart-wrenching wound left by Justin could not be ignored. 
At this moment, she needed someone in her life to fill the void in her heart. Her brothers could not play this role, but Asher felt that Christopher could do so. 
The men engaged in conversation in the living room, while the three madams “interrogated” Bella in the backyard. 
“Bella, come clean. What’s your relationship with Christopher?” Sasha, with a sly smile, hugged Bella’s slender waist and straightforwardly posed the question. 
“Consider us friends,” Bella said calmly. 
“A boyfriend?” Sasha excitedly pressed for details. 
“A male friend!” Bella was exasperated. 
“Oh, there’s no such thing as platonic friendship between men and women. So, he’s your boyfriend. Even if you’re not official now, it’s bound to happen!” Sasha casually pinched Bella’s slim waist.
“Back then, when I saved your dad from an attempted assassination by a business rival, he said he wanted to become sworn siblings with me. Look at us now! We just haven’t had a child.” 
Bella was completely speechless, defeated by Sasha’s lack of filter. 
Mila and Celeste looked at each other, not annoyed but rather amused by the situation. 
After all, if it were not for Sasha’s brave intervention back then, Wyatt might not be alive today. There were still two gunshot scars on Sasha’s lower back and left shoulder from the time she shielded Wyatt from a bullet. 
“Bella, it would be great if you could be with Christopher. It’s not just about matching social status. Lance Iverson and your father are close. If you marry into the Iverson family, they will surely treat you well.” Celeste swooned. “Besides, Christopher is very handsome. Your children would undoubtedly be incredibly good-looking.” 
“Wait a minute! How did we suddenly jump to having children together?! He has nothing to do with me… Where is this even going?!” Bella felt the conversation was getting more absurd. 
“Celeste, I think Bella should not choose a lifelong partner solely based on looks.” Mila, being more rational, narrowed her eyes slightly and seriously analyzed the situation. 
“From what I know, Christopher had just returned from Sentania. He doesn’t hold much stake in the Iverson Group, and his foundation is not very stable. His mother has been exiled abroad by Lance under the guise of seeking medical treatment, and she’s rarely heard from. If we let Bella marry him, it may seem like a good match on the surface, but in reality, she might be marrying beneath her status. Who knows? Christopher might be eyeing Bella’s net worth, wanting to leverage her substantial background to gain power within the Iverson family.” Mila expressed her concerns.
“Oh dear! What you said makes a lot of sense. We really shouldn’t be hasty about this!” Sasha, always swaying with the wind, was now echoing caution. 
“Bella, even when shopping, we compare prices from three different stores. When it comes to marriage, we can’t treat it lightly. Either don’t get married, or marry someone truly exceptional if you do. Maybe you should consider Charles?” Celeste suggested. 
Bella felt overwhelmed and could not find the words to explain herself. She covered her head with both hands, feeling frustrated. 
With so many mothers around, their nagging was like having eight hundred mosquitoes buzzing in her ears. 
Her head was throbbing.
###chapter326
Chapter 326
During dinner, everyone indulged in delectable dishes and savored the Lafite wine from 
Wyatt’s collection, carefully curated for over a decade. The ambiance retained its harmonious tone, just as it had before. 
In reality, for the two tycoons, this meal served as a nostalgic gathering, reminiscent of times over two decades ago. The significant change lay in the addition of children, adding to the joyful scene under their roofs. 
Lance had a specific purpose in mind this time-finding suitable wives for his two unmarried sons. Throughout the banquet, Charles occupied the seat directly across from Bella, while Christopher sat beside her. 
The dining table was wide, so the one sitting beside Bella was closer to her as opposed to someone sitting across from her. 
Charles observed with a sense of helplessness as his younger brother attended to Bella with the utmost care and attention. Dark flames flickered in his eyes, and the fork in his hand was nearly deformed. 
‘What a bad start! This little bastard took advantage of the ideal circumstances. He’s at the right place at the right time, with the right people!’ 
Christopher, having learned from their previous encounter, knew Bella’s fondness for seafood, especially crabs and shrimp-a delicacy she couldn’t resist. 
So, throughout the banquet, Christopher barely touched his plate. Instead, he patiently peeled the shrimp for Bella. He continuously offered the succulent morsels to her, while everyone discreetly
observed their interactions. 
Bella reveled in the feast, showing no restraint in front of her family, and enthusiastically devoured her food. Christopher’s long lashes were downcast, a smile gracing his lips. His slender, fair fingers expertly peeled open shrimp shells and delicately placed the plump, deshelled shrimp onto Bella’s plate. 
For a man from a wealthy family, such actions might be considered beneath his stature. However, Christopher appeared wholly engrossed, oblivious to onlookers, and savoring every 
moment. 
Bella displayed no signs of embarrassment, nor did she decline his offer. Instead, she graciously accepted each delectable offering, appreciating everything he did for her. 
If it were just the two of them, she would undoubtedly reject him. However, with Lance present, the dynamics changed. Given this golden opportunity to expose his vulnerabilities, she couldn’t let it slip away. 
As Christopher peeled each shrimp, meticulously wiping his fingers with a tissue after each one, Charles couldn’t help but sneer. He knew his younger brother had a cleanliness obsession. He wouldn’t even wear the same piece of clothing twice. Yet, for Bella, he willingly broke his own rules. It seemed Christopher had decided to go all-in to compete with him. 
“My girl is becoming more and more outrageous. You must excuse her behavior, Lance.” Wyatt was somewhat embarrassed by Bella’s behavior. 
“Oh, Wyatt, don’t say that. We’re all family here, so there’s no need to feel embarrassed. Bella’s genuine nature is just like yours when you were young. I like it. I wish I could carry her back home right
now in a grand procession and make her my daughter-in-law! Hahaha!” Lance, after holding back all evening, finally revealed the purpose of his visit. 
Wyatt merely smiled in agreement, not delving further into that particular topic. 
On this side, Bella finally felt satisfied. She covered her small mouth as she let out a burp. Christopher turned his head. His deep gaze focused on her, tenderness swirling in his eyes. 
“Wipe your hands,” Christopher said as he pulled out a tissue and handed it to her from under the table. 
“Um, thanks.” Bella smiled, gracefully dabbing her lips. 
“Bella seems to have a hearty appetite tonight,” Charles said with a gentle smile. 
“Oh, I’m sorry. The dishes at home are just too delicious. I couldn’t resist…” Bella began. 
“No, no, Bella, you misunderstood me. I don’t mean it as an insult. I just think that you’re different from the other wealthy young ladies I’ve encountered,” Charles said warmly. 
Charles leaned forward and said sincerely, “I appreciate your genuine nature. I find you adorable and real.” 
‘Hmm, being real just because of a meal. Hasn’t he met any women who eat regular food?’ Bella thought to herself, but she politely responded, “Thank you for the compliment, Mr. Charles.” 
“I noticed you haven’t had much to drink. You must be thirsty. Have some red wine,” Charles suggested, smiling as he stood up, intending to pour wine for Bella. 
Unexpectedly, at that moment, Christopher interjected with a cool tone and a mocking smile. ” Seafood should be paired with white wine. How can you suggest red wine? Charles, it seems you have been
living with your head in the clouds, unaware of even such common knowledge.”
###chapter327
Chapter 327
With Christopher’s taunting, Charles’s expression shifted instantly, and he discreetly clenched his fists.” 
The Thompson family members pretended not to notice, but at this precise moment, Lance exhibited keen perception. As he gazed at Christopher, his eyes unmistakably conveyed displeasure. 
“Bella, I’ll have someone fetch you a glass of white wine to wash down the seafood. A small glass won’t do any harm,” Christopher suggested gently, now disregarding the pallid Charles. 
Bella coughed. “Well, to be honest, anything is fine for me.” 
Caught between the two Iverson brothers, Bella felt a tingling sensation on her scalp. She could only offer an awkward smile and say, “But I actually prefer beer…” 
To her surprise, both Charles and Christopher simultaneously redirected their attention to her, saying in unison, “No! That could lead to gout!” 
As dinner neared its end, Christopher briefly excused himself and headed toward the restroom. 
Standing in front of the sink, Christopher methodically dispensed hand sanitizer into his palm. His cold and pale hands resembled finely preserved specimens immersed in formaldehyde. He rubbed them together vigorously until they glowed with a rosy hue. 
He repeated this handwashing ritual five times and raised his hands to sniff them, but he still smelled a faint fishy odor. Once again, he squeezed another pump of hand sanitizer, meticulously attending to each finger. 
At that moment, the restroom door swung open.
Charles entered with a somber expression, observing Christopher’s compulsive handwashing. He couldn’t resist teasing his brother. “You’re really going all out, Chris. Spending the entire night peeling shrimp for Ms. Bella must be a nightmarish task for a clean freak like you. I wonder if you’ll dream about washing your hands tonight.” 
Christopher paid no heed to his taunts, gracefully pulling out a few tissues and lowering his fair eyelids, elegantly drying his hands. 
“Chris, it’s been many years. I thought you might have learned some remarkable skills in a foreign country.” Charles sneered disdainfully. “Turns out, you’ve become quite adept at bootlicking.” 
“Oh, Charles, are you jealous?” Christopher smirked, unfazed. “After all, in front of Bella, you don’t even have the chance to be a bootlicker, do you?” 
“You!” 
“Compared to your futile attempts to get closer to Bella, it’s evident that being a bootlicker like me holds more value.” 
Charles choked at the remark, laughing with fury. “Haha… No wonder Dad never liked you. Your brain is indeed abnormal. Being a person is not enough for you. You want to be a lapdog!” 
“In this world, where people laugh at poverty but not at immorality, achieving the goal is the most important, no matter the means.” 
Christopher tossed the crumpled paper towel into the bin and smiled. “Since we were children, you’ve always been too proud to say more than a few words to me. Why the sudden change tonight? Could it be that you’re anxious to watch my relationship with Bella take off? Seeing your grand plans fall apart, do you feel like you can’t even compare to a lapdog like me?”
“Chris! Don’t get cocky too soon! I’m telling you, Dad will never approve of you being with Ms. Bella! Do you think you even have the right to compete with me?!” Charles was genuinely agitated this time. 
“Whether I’m worthy or not has never been up to you to decide.” 
Christopher turned slowly to face the furious man. His deep eyes narrowed slightly, and he pushed up his gold-rimmed glasses. “When it comes to Bella, victory is inevitable for me.” 
As expected, the conversation reached a breaking point. Charles, consumed by anger, slammed the door and left. 
Christopher’s smile faded as he clenched his fists tightly. 
At that moment, his phone vibrated in his grasp. He coldly answered, “What?” 
“Mr. Iverson, there’s something you need to hear, but please remain calm.” 
His secretary paused for a moment before speaking in a hushed tone, “Mr. Salvador showed up at Yara Park’s gate. He came alone, without anyone else!” 
Christopher’s dark eyes contracted as he replied in a chilling tone, “Alright.” 
At this moment, Justin, dressed in a thin suit, stood alone under the streetlight opposite Yara Park. 
Although Hatchbay was by the sea, the night wind was chilly in the fall. It slipped through the cuffs and collar of his suit, penetrating to his core. 
This marked his third time standing here, waiting for Bella. 
However, the state of his mind this time was entirely different from the previous two occasions. The subtle anticipation had transformed into an indescribable longing, silently burning in his heaving chest.
Justin had considered what he would do if he couldn’t see Bella tonight. His pride as her ex- husband told him not to reach out to her. Anyone with a bit of self-respect could not endure repeatedly subjecting themselves to such humiliation. 
Therefore, he decided to wait and keep waiting. 
Bella would eventually come out, and he would see her.
###chapter328
Chapter 328
Justin just wanted to catch a glimpse of Bella. 
Suddenly, the gates of Yara Park eased open. Justin’s heart tightened abruptly. Every nerve in his body stirred, and his tall frame leaned forward. 
His gaze was focused, firmly locked in the direction of the gate. He held his breath for a 
moment. 
However, when Christopher appeared in his line of sight with a smirk and strolled over casually, Justin felt his heart sink. 
Justin observed with cold detachment as Christopher walked up to him. 
“Mr. Salvador, it’s late, and there’s no one around. Isn’t it impolite and inappropriate for you to show up here in the middle of the night without an invitation?” Christopher looked at him mockingly. 
Justin’s handsome face remained calm, and his thin lips curled into a sneer. “My presence here has nothing to do with you. Since when was Hatchbay owned by the Iverson family?” 
“Justin, are you always this insolent? Have you always been a sore loser?” 
Christopher sneered with extreme disdain. “I know why you came, and I know what you’re thinking. You’re regretting that you chose Rosalind over Bella. Now that you realize you’ve been played by Rosalind and have woken up to your own foolishness, you want Bella back. You’re unwilling to lose everything and look pathetic. What do you think Bella is a tool to fill your emptiness? You’ve hurt her deeply. Do you think she’ll still be waiting for you?”
– 
Justin’s Adam’s apple moved up and down as bitterness rose at the back of his throat. 
“Bella already has someone new by her side, near and far. If you want to have any ideas about Bella again, you should ask whether I agree and if she can tolerate you.” Christopher adjusted his glasses. His gaze was chilling. 
“It’s not your place to say these words, Christopher.” 
Justin tilted his chin slightly. The intense desire for victory burned like a fierce fire in his heart. “Even if I regret it, even if I want to start anew with Bella, she should be the one rejecting me. Everything you say in front of me is invalid.” 
“Justin.” 
“Justin!” 
Christopher furrowed his brows and no longer cared to hide his hostility toward this man. 
Unexpectedly, their voices turned into a duet. 
Justin suddenly lifted his gaze, and when Bella walked towards him in anger, his heart uncontrollably pounded violently. 
“Bella, why are you dressed so lightly? It’s chilly out here…” 
Christopher’s eyes darkened abruptly, and the harshness dissipated. His gentle undertone. resurfaced. 
Just as he was about to greet her, he saw her rush past him like a gust of wind, not pausing in 
front of him.
At this moment, Bella and Justin locked eyes. It was as if an invisible barrier surrounded them, completely isolating Christopher from them. 
They stood there in a standoff, doing nothing, yet it gave the distinct impression that there was no room for a third person between them. 
Christopher tightened his fists. The cold air in his lungs transformed into sharp knives that twisted his internal organs painfully. 
The animosity hidden behind his dark eyes gradually twisted into murderous intent. 
“Mr. Salvador, you’re touring Hatchbay again, huh? Every time you come around, you have to linger around my doorstep. Is it because Yara Park has a nice view? Have you thought of it as a landmark?” Bella, with one hand on her slender waist, asked aggressively. 
Justin’s heart was still trembling. He fixed his gaze on her and caught himself saying, “The scenery here is quite nice.” 
Bella thought to herself, ‘The scenery is quite nice?! Is this man missing some brain cells? Can’t he hear the sarcasm in my voice?!’ 
“Heh, then next time, I’ll arrange a local guide for you and take you on an in-depth tour of Hatchbay. Don’t keep hanging around my doorstep. This isn’t a tourist attraction!” 
Bella could no longer tolerate this man. She gritted her teeth and said, “Leave here immediately. I won’t be seeing you off!” 
Justin continued to stare at her blankly, his reddened eyes dimming. Then he said softly, ” Alright, goodnight.”
Bella froze. ‘What?! Goodnight?! This man came all the way here, and all he said was goodnight? What is wrong with him?’ 
The next moment, Justin, as if resolving something, turned around and headed toward his car. 
“Justin, wait!”
###chapter329
Chapter 329
Justin’s heart fluttered as he turned away from Bella, an uncontrollable smile playing at the corners of his lips. Yet, in that very moment, courage failed him, and he couldn’t bring himself to face her. 
Christopher’s lips were pressed tightly together. There was a storm in the depths of his eyes. Despite the tumultuous divorce between Bella and Justin that had turned their world upside down, he still sensed the subtle, tangled emotions lingering between them, subtly pulling at the threads that bound them. 
“Justin, since you’re here, speak your mind before you leave.” 
Bella’s expression was cold as she took a step forward and stared at Justin, who stood with a perfect posture. “Don’t sneak around like a thief. I’m afraid I’ll have nightmares tonight.” 
A hint of bitterness rose in Justin’s throat as he turned to face her, each word spoken deliberately. “It’s nothing. I’ve just been suffering from insomnia these past few days.” 
Bella frowned, unable to comprehend the inevitable connection between his visit to Hatchbay and his insomnia. 
‘Could his insomnia really be related to me?’ Bella thought. 
Bella was speechless. ‘How could he blame everything on me? To be fair, I didn’t mess with him!’ 
“If you have insomnia, try sleeping pills or counting sheep. Coming here won’t solve anything.” 
“It’s already solved.” 
Justin locked eyes with her. “I think I’ll be able to sleep well tonight when I get back.”
With that, he turned away again and left. 
Bella stared blankly at his somewhat desolate figure until the black sports car vanished completely into the night. Only then did she vent her frustration. 
“What a psycho!” 
Back in the sports car, Justin suddenly felt an overwhelming wave of exhaustion. His encounter with Bella had left him emotionally drained. As he gripped the steering wheel, he felt a profound exhaustion engulfing him. 
The air inside the car crackled with restlessness as he watched Bella and Christopher disappear beyond the gates of Yara Park. 
With trembling fingertips, Justin picked up his phone and dialed Ian’s number. 
“Mr. Salvador, any instructions?” 
“Investigate.” 
“Pardon?” Ian was utterly confused. 
“Look into the relationship between the Thompsons and the Iversons, as well as the relationship between Bella and Christopher.” 
Justin gritted his teeth. “Bella is not a woman easily captivated. I don’t believe their relationship is as Christopher described.” 
“Yes, sir! I’ll get right on it!” 
Ian felt a hidden joy. His tone was suddenly more cheerful. Mustering his courage, he mumbled, “If you had trusted the young madam earlier, how could she have left you? Those pests wouldn’t be bothering
her then…” 
“Say one more word, and you’re reporting to the most remote branch of Salvador Corporation!” Justin gritted his teeth. 
Ian immediately apologized, “I’m sorry, Mr. Salvador! I know I messed up!” 
Bella had long known about the fact that Justin showed up unannounced at the entrance to Yara Park. Initially, she did not want to bother with it. Regardless of whatever that contemptible man was up to outside, she simply wanted him to face some hardship. 
Unexpectedly, Christopher had gone out to confront him. With the intention of preventing one problem from escalating into another, Bella had to step in and personally untangle the 
mess. 
The brief incident did not impact the cordial family gathering, and the dinner concluded in a peaceful ambiance. 
Wyatt, accompanied by Quentin, returned to the study. He secretly called Asher and Axel over. 
“Dad, is there something you need from us?” Asher asked. 
“How much do you two know about the situation between Bella and Christopher? Tell me the truth.” Wyatt shook out his robe and sat elegantly on the sofa. 
The two brothers exchanged glances, and Axel promptly betrayed his older brother. “Dad, you should ask Ash! I really don’t know anything about what’s going on between Bella and Christopher!” 
Asher remained composed, showing no sign of emotion.
“Ash, what’s the current status between them?”
###chapter330
Chapter 330
Wyatt adopted a serious, almost detective-like tone. “Bella’s only ever had shrimp peeled by you and me. When has she ever let another guy show her affection? Tonight, Christopher was going all out with his attention on Bella. He might as well have been spoon-feeding her. Also, Bella didn’t shut him down, so spill it. What’s their deal? Is Bella really into him?” 
“Dad, judging from your tone, it looks like you’re not exactly Christopher’s biggest fan.” 
Asher cut to the chase. 
Wyatt pursed his lips without giving a clear answer. 
“Christopher and Bella go way back. Now that they’ve reunited, they’re hitting it off. Bella rarely clicks with a guy without putting up a fight, plus the Iversons and our family have a good relationship. If Chris and Bella want to take things further, it might not be all bad.” Asher calmly shared his thoughts. 
“When Lance came over tonight, you both knew the meaning behind it. He clearly intends to form a marriage alliance with our family. Why else would he drag his two single sons along? He’s got his eyes on Bella!” Wyatt’s eyes dropped, shaking his head. “But let me make it clear. I’m not signing off on this marriage.” 
Upon hearing these words, the Thompson brothers’ expression subtly changed. They had not expected their father’s strong opposition to the Iverson family. 
“Dad, are you and Uncle Lance going through a rough patch? Did you secretly block each other’s numbers?” Axel could not resist teasing his father. “Seriously, even after falling out, you can still sit down and chat like nothing happened. If it were me, I’d definitely hold a grudge.”
“How did you become a prosecutor with that brain of yours? Did you use my name to get special treatment?” Wyatt shot Axel a glance, then he continued with a serious tone, “Bella is my dearest daughter. She just escaped from the mess of the Salvador family. There’s no way I’m sending her into a lion’s den-that is, the Iverson family! Do you think the Iverson family is some kind of paradise? There’s serious infighting going on in that family. None of Lance’s four children are easy to deal with. If Bella marries into that family, she’ll be constantly embroiled in family disputes, enduring endless internal strife. Moreover, Christopher is Lance’s least favored son. Christopher’s business abroad might be significant, but he had a rough start, and his deals might not be entirely clean. A person with such a background might want to clean up his act by marrying into our family and establishing a foothold in Savrow.” 
Axel’s gaze lingered in astonishment, while Asher’s eyes displayed a hint of self-blame under his long lashes. His lips pursed in regret. 
He had dedicated himself entirely to offering his sister a new beginning, unintentionally overlooking these underlying issues. Critical considerations had slipped through the cracks in his focus. 
“As my daughter, Bella can brighten up someone’s life, but she should never sacrifice herself to light up someone else’s world. I cannot bear to see that happen!” 
A luxurious Bentley cruised toward Savrow. 
Charles returned in his posh car, while Lance broke the norm by having Christopher ride with him. 
The father-son pair sat in the back seat with an undeniable tension lingering in the air, hinting at a familial connection that was present but not particularly strong. 
“Chris, come clean with me. What’s going on between you and Bella?” Lance questioned him with a cold expression.
“Are you prying into my love life?” Christopher half-smirked, half-teased. “For fifteen years, you didn’t bat an eye about my life in Sentania when Mom and I were living together. Now that I’m back in Savrow, it seems you’re unusually interested in every move I make.” 
“Don’t dodge the question. I’m asking about your relationship with Bella!” Lance’s stern tone and angered expression were clear. 
“As you witnessed tonight, my connection with Bella is quite intimate.” A glint of cold light reflected off his gold-rimmed glasses as he responded with a mocking smirk. 
Lance sighed deeply. The veins on his forehead were pulsating. He issued a strict command. Starting now, you must cut off all communication with Bella. Keep your distance from her immediately!” 
“Why?” Christopher asked with a smile. 
“Bella is the marriage partner I’ve chosen for Charles. If you interfere now, it’ll disrupt my plans!” 
“Charles is your son, and I’m not? If Bella were with me, she would still be your daughter-in- law. What’s the issue?” 
“My decision is final. Charles must marry Bella. If you’re interested in forming an alliance with the Thompsons, Wyatt has a younger daughter named Amelia, born of his third wife and still unmarried.” 
“So, are you saying that an unprivileged son can only marry the daughter of a mistress?” Christopher adjusted his glasses, a touch of scorn on his lips. 
“Christopher! Don’t speak nonsense!” 
Lance, infuriated and embarrassed, exclaimed, “You shouldn’t compete with Charles. I’ll give you what you’re entitled to, but you shouldn’t take what’s not yours.”
“I’ve heard this saying since I was a child, but up to now, I haven’t received anything that truly belongs to me.” 
Christopher calmly closed his eyes as he sneered. “I don’t want your empty promises. Go back and tell Charles to keep his feelings to himself. Bella can only belong to me and no one else. Don’t even think about competing with me.”
###chapter331
Chapter 331
During this period, although the Salvador Hotel and KS World Hotel appeared to be at peace on the surface, they were quietly competing against each other behind the scenes. 
As an international superstar, Ada Wang held a prestigious position in the entertainment industry and always conducted herself in an extremely high-profile manner. She would spare no expense for her wedding. Thus, she would not look at wedding planning proposals unless several top-tier brands sponsored the event. 
It was widely known that Ada Wang was a jewelry connoisseur, having privately held small- scale exhibitions of her extensive personal collection, where each piece was valued at no less than a million dollars. 
For this grand wedding, Ada Wang presented a demanding requirement to both the Salvador Hotel and the KS World Hotel. The jewelry she would wear must be globally top-notch, made by master craftsmen, and exclusively for her. 
“Ms. Ada insisted that only something unique would be fitting for her superstar status.” 
Ian faithfully conveyed the agent’s words to Justin and the executives present. “She also mentioned that Ms. Ada won’t make any demands or impose restrictions on the style of the jewelry or the selected designers. She leaves it entirely to the hotel’s wedding planning team to figure it out. Whoever can present jewelry that satisfies her will be chosen to organize her wedding. She means what she says.” 
Justin listened with a furrowed brow. His signing pen tapped the table intermittently, and his eyes gradually clouded. 
The executives were all in awe, sparking lively discussions.
“She’s clearly taking advantage of the situation! Does she think that the Salvador Hotel and the KS World Hotel are her treasure chest?!” 
“What international superstar? A hundred years ago, she would’ve been a jesting performer. Now she thinks she’s some kind of hot cake?” 
“She’s practically proposing a half-baked question. Ms. Ada is wasting her talent as a star. Why doesn’t she come up with exam questions?” 
Justin suddenly raised his eyes, exuding a strong sense of oppression. “This is a meeting room, not a supermarket. Speak if you have solutions. Otherwise, keep your mouths shut.” 
Seeing the big boss angered, everyone dared not babble this time. They racked their brains, each busy offering suggestions. 
The director of the Product Design Department listed the names of renowned domestic and international jewelry designers. Not only that, she had prepared a PowerPoint presentation, meticulously introducing the background information and notable works of each designer to Justin. 
Justin listened expressionlessly, then suddenly asked, “Why isn’t Alexa mentioned in this list?” 
The moment Alexa’s name was uttered, the entire room fell silent. 
“What’s going on? Why are you all making those faces?” Justin raised an eyebrow, not understanding why they were as silent as corpses. 
“Ahem… Well, Mr. Salvador, forgive me for being straightforward. But it’s absolutely impossible for us to hire Alexa…” The director of the design department spoke cautiously. 
“Why? Did she pass away?”
Everyone was speechless. 
Justin asked seriously, genuinely not harboring any ill intent. 
As the president of Salvador Corporation, Justin was a master in business negotiations and management, but when it came to the intricacies of the jewelry and fashion world, he truly was an outsider. 
“It’s not that. Alexa is hailed as a god in the jewelry design world. All of the craftsmen I presented to you just now have praised Alexa endlessly. Some even openly admit that when they lack inspiration, they turn to Alexa’s works to find it. Alexa is simply a titan in the design world, an almost god-like figure. Anyone who can purchase her jewelry considers themselves blessed with a family heirloom. How could we possibly invite her to come out of retirement to design unique jewelry for a superstar like Ada Wang? It’s simply a fantasy.” 
The director of the design department was a big fan of Alexa. She even felt that having Alexa design jewelry for a celebrity like Ada was somewhat diminishing the value of the goddess Alexa. 
“No matter how legendary she is, she’s human as long as she lives in this world,” Justin said with a strong resolve. He would not consider anything less than the optimal solution. Thus, he proclaimed, “Let’s get Alexa as Ada Wang’s wedding jewelry designer.” 
Everyone thought, ‘What the hell?!’ 
The design department director was anxiously sweating. “Mr. Salvador… The designers I introduced you to are all exceptionally talented. Their works have won numerous international awards and are absolutely commendable.”
Justin shook his head lightly. “I’m not rejecting your choices because they’re not good. On the contrary, you did well. You just overlooked one thing-our competitor.” 
The crowd exchanged puzzled glances. 
“Our opponent this time is KS World Hotel, Ms. Bella Thompson.” 
In the past, whenever this name was mentioned, Justin felt an intense headache. However, this time, his eyes sparkled with admiration and respect for her. “I know Bella very well. Like me, she strives for excellence in everything she does, always aiming for perfection. We know the requirements Ada Wang has put forth. With the financial strength of KS Group and Bella’s decisive approach, do you think she’ll settle for anything less than the best?”
###chapter332
Chapter 332
Justin’s eyes darkened. “Bella won’t do it at all, or she’ll aim for the absolute best, leaving no room for her opponents and rendering them powerless to counter. Therefore, we must outdo her and take down Alexa first.” 
The crowd remained somewhat skeptical. After all, if even Salvador Corporation could not hire someone, was Bella Thompson really capable of being able to secure them? 
“I want information on Alexa by the end of the day-not about her work, but about her as a person.” 
After issuing the command, Justin was about to adjourn the meeting. However, the director of the design department spoke up bravely. “Mr. Salvador, regarding Alexa’s works, I can provide you with a wealth of information, but about her as a person, I can only give you one thing.” 
Justin frowned and turned back. “What is it?” 
“She’s a woman.” 
The next day, after the meeting with her team, Bella returned to the general manager’s office. 
“Steve, I’m a bit hungry. I want some take-out-fried chicken with beer. Hurry and order for me.” Bella sat in front of the computer and entered a game while giving instructions to Steven. 
“Ms. Bella, how can you be so relaxed?” Steven looked at her, amused. “It’s already this late, and you still have the mood for fried chicken. I’m so anxious that I’m about to turn into fried chicken here. Ada Wang’s team is seeking a top-notch jewelry designer for her, and Salvador Corporation must have taken some action by now. Why aren’t you worried at all? You also rejected the jewelry designer proposals from the team members, saying you wanted to hire Alexa. Even I know who Alexa is. Hiring Alexa is like inviting a deity to earth! Our time is limited! How can we possibly secure Alexa?”
“If we can’t get Alexa, then Salvador Corporation won’t get her either. We have nothing to worry about!” Bella spoke nonchalantly and even started to hum a tune. 
“But…” 
Right at that moment, a video call popped up on the computer screen. 
Steven was about to excuse himself, but Bella squinted and stopped him. “It’s a call from my friend. You’re not an outsider, so you can stay.” 
Bella accepted the video request. 
The next second, a blonde-haired, blue-eyed beauty appeared on the screen. 
“It’s been a while, Sliva.” 
“Just a moment ago, Justin, the president of Salvador Corporation in Savrow, contacted me. He hopes that Alexa can come out of retirement to design jewelry for them.” Sliva reported to Bella in fluent French. 
“Oh? Justin personally contacted you? That’s quite a blow to his pride.” Bella sighed. 
“It doesn’t matter who contacts me. The result would be the same. I can’t agree to their request.” 
“If I were the one to ask Alexa to come out of retirement, as Alexa’s chief assistant, could you help me out, sliva?” Bella rested her head on her hand, her almond eyes sparkling. 
Steven, listening on the side, was in shock. He now understood why Bella seemed so confident during the meeting. It turned out she had a close relationship with Alexa’s assistant, so she had a backdoor! 
However, the next second, what sliva said left Steven dumbfounded and utterly astonished.
Sliva leaned closer to the screen and looked at Bella, half-chiding and half-complaining as she smiled. “It’s been so hard to reach you, so stop joking with me, Ms. Alexa.” 
Steven thought, ‘Ms. Alexa? Bella was the top international jewelry designer and a legend in the jewelry world-Alexa?!’
###chapter333
Chapter 333
Steve stood there with his mouth wide open in sheer astonishment. However, Bella was calm and even let out a casual yawn. 
“Why reveal my identity at this moment? Look, you’ve scared poor Steve,” Bella said. 
“Alexa, why haven’t we heard from you since you returned to Savrow? Everyone in the studio has been eagerly awaiting your return!” Sliva said as her eyes turned red. 
“Sigh, sorry, my dear. For a considerable amount of time, I need to support my family, so I can’t get away. You’ll have to handle things at the studio in Inalia for now.” 
Bringing up this matter, Bella sighed guiltily. “But you don’t have to worry about the studio closing down. The jewelry pieces I designed in the early years are all invaluable, and the funds are absolutely sufficient to sustain the studio’s operation. However, you must tell everyone not to delay their own futures for the sake of following me. If anyone wants to leave my studio, I will offer my blessings without any complaints, including you, Sliva. If you want to leave, you can tell me. There’s no need to hold on like this.” 
Sliva rubbed her eyes. “Alexa, I owe you a debt of gratitude. I will never leave you.” 
“You’ve supported me so much, and the favor has long been repaid. I don’t want to be your burden. It’s an honor that you want to work for me, but you have the right to choose any life you want.” 
Bella’s eyes shimmered with gentle light as she softly laughed. “The reason Alexa has become a legend is because of all of you by my side.” 
Listening to Bella, Steven could not help but have tears welling up in his eyes.
At this moment, Steven realized he had been too presumptuous. He had never truly understood Bella. He thought she was a perfect person, but she was practically a deity! He had utterly underestimated her. 
“Alexa, if Salvador Corporation contacts me again, I’ll clearly reject them. Moreover, I’ll tell them that Alexa is preparing to collaborate with KS Group to give them a bigger blow.” 
Bella lifted her red lips in a smile and said, “Don’t refuse Salvador Corporation outright. If you don’t give them hope, how can you disappoint them?” 
Sliva, wide-eyed in surprise, nodded. “I understand what you mean. 
“The game hasn’t even started, and Justin hasn’t played his trump card yet. If we win effortlessly and leave them in the dust, won’t it be boring?” 
Bella revealed her flawless teeth with a bright smile, and that cunning little fox-like grin reappeared. “I’ve been planning for so long. How can I not give Justin a chance to showcase his talents? When he exerts all his efforts to reach the finish line, only to find his opponent waiting for him, that feeling is far more frustrating than failure, isn’t it?” 
As the video call ended, Steven was still in shock from the intense impact of Bella revealing her true identity. Although Bella possessed various talents, the moment he learned she was the real Alexa, he couldn’t help but feel the urge to bow to her and pay his respects. 
This was definitely the closest he had ever been to a deity. 
“Hello! Earth to Steve!” Bella curved her enchanting eyes and snapped her fingers in front of Steven. 
As if breaking out of a trance, Steven returned from his thoughts.
“Steve, do you think what I did was a bit unfair?” Bella leisurely placed both arms on the armrests and spun her chair around. 
“Considering how ruthless Justin was to you in the past, I’d say what you did was quite subtle,” Steven said with frustration, gritting his teeth. 
“Hmm. With you saying that, I feel reassured.” 
Bella closed her beautiful eyes in a relaxed manner, slowly turning the chair half-circle, facing the bright floor-to-ceiling windows. 
“I spent three years by Justin’s side. The most agonizing part wasn’t that he didn’t love me; it was that he neglected me and treated me as if I were nothing. What hurt the most was his shameless love for Rosalind while we were married.”
###chapter334
Chapter 334
Bella continued, “I watched him buy solo plane tickets to Meridan repeatedly. I watched as he, the man who feared inconvenience, tirelessly flew to Feranco to have a top-notch craftsman design a unique birthday gift for Rosalind. You can say he has preferences, but back then, I was still his wife. Even if he had no feelings for me, he should have given me a basic level of respect.” 
Bella had her back turned to Steven, her tone devoid of any emotion. 
It was as if she were a storyteller, narrating a love tragedy with all the drama of a romantic tale. 
Steven felt a lump in his chest, kneeling beside Bella like a loyal dog, lifting his face to gaze deeply at his boss. 
“For the sake of such a stinking pile of garbage, Justin would heartlessly hurt you. He deserves to die a thousand deaths for his cruelty!” 
Bella smiled and waved nonchalantly. “In the past, I would have been full of resentment and unwillingness. But now, I feel calm, almost amused. If Rosalind is a pile of garbage, then Justin is the trash bin. Rosalind has transformed from recyclable waste to non-recyclable waste, but Justin has always been a trash bin. I am affectionate, but not indiscriminate. There’s no need to dwell on a trash bin. However, I am quite entertained by watching Justin tirelessly run around for Alexa. I’d love to see him struggle hard for me, only to end up with nothing in the 
end. 
She thought to herself, ‘Justin, you’ve always been an unfeeling person. It’s quite a coincidence that I’ve become one too.”
To be in the presence of Alexa, Justin took a chartered flight to Inalia. High in the sky, memories flooded back to him, reminding him of the first year of his marriage to Bella. In that year, amid his busy schedule, he had flown to Feranco to craft “The Flaming Heart” for Rosalind. He had gone to great lengths, even persuading the designer who had crafted jewelry for the royal family. 
Never before had he humbled himself to such an extent for anyone. The designer had been moved by his sincerity and reluctantly created the necklace for him. Today, “The Flaming Heart” remained permanently locked away in its box, never to be looked upon again. 
The necklace no longer carried his sincere love. Instead, it bore regret and shame. 
Justin’s deep gaze was fixed on the opaque layer of clouds. In a trance, above the ethereal clouds, Bella’s radiant face appeared as vivid as spring sunshine. 
The illusion felt too real, causing a tremor in his heart. Involuntarily, he reached his hand toward the window. 
Yet, it was cold and empty/ 
He took a deep breath as memories flooded his mind. 
“Do you know how much Young Madam loves that necklace? When she heard you were going to give it to Rosalind, she was so envious that tears streamed down her face!” 
-“If it were Young Madam, she would never treat a gift from you lightly. She’s the kind of person who even carefully keeps the ties you discard, never willing to let go. She would never do anything to trample on your feelings.” 
A sudden spasm of pain gripped Justin’s chest, tearing at him, and his vision blurred. The woman he thought would cherish his sincere feelings had trampled upon them until his heart shattered.
Even in this wreckage, it was something that bled in Bella’s heart, something she cried over and yearned for in her dreams. Justin’s pale lips twisted into a silent, bitter smile. 
He thought, ‘What kind of drive compelled Bella to endure three years of suffering by my side? Why was she so infatuated with me?’
###chapter335
Chapter 335
At this moment, Ian walked over with a cup of coffee and placed it on the table. 
“Mr. Salvador, I’ve already contacted Ms. Sliva, the person in charge of Alexa’s studio. She said she’s willing to meet you.” 
“Really?” Justin’s dim eyes finally lit up. 
“Yes, but she only agreed to a meeting, and her attitude seemed quite cold and reluctant.” 
Ian sighed with concern. “I’m afraid we might hit a snag in this matter.” 
“No need to worry. As long as someone from Alexa’s team is willing to meet me, we shouldn’t give up any hope.” 
After arriving in Inalia, Justin anxiously waited for three days before finally meeting Sliva, the person in charge, at a café near Alexa’s studio. He did not even get to step inside the studio. 
“Mr. Salvador, if you don’t mind me being straightforward…” Sliva crossed her arms. Her gaze toward Justin was somewhat arrogant. “Up until now, Alexa has only designed and crafted jewelry for the First Lady, royal members, and individuals who have made outstanding contributions to the country, society, and charity. Despite Ada Wang being an international superstar, she still doesn’t meet the criteria to summon Alexa for her services.” 
Ian inwardly rolled his eyes. ‘Alexa is so discriminatory. It’s just jewelry, not a military medal!’ 
“Although saying this might make you think I’m showing off, I genuinely don’t intend to. In my early years at the Salvador Corporation, I established a charity foundation in my mother’s name. Over the years, I’ve been dedicated to charitable activities, supporting nursing homes, impoverished students,
and orphans in welfare institutions. I hope that Ms. Alexa can take a broader perspective on this matter and not view it as a simple task of creating jewelry for a celebrity. As long as Alexa agrees to collaborate with us, we are open to negotiations regarding compensation.” 
“Not only that, but all the additional income generated from Ada Wang’s wedding at our hotel will be donated to the charity foundation,” Justin said firmly. 
“Heh, Mr. Salvador, are you insinuating that Ms. Alexa is narrow-minded?” Sliva sneered. 
“I have no such intention…” Justin’s throat tightened. 
“In recent years, there have been plenty of unscrupulous capitalists who claim to be charitable and approach Alexa for jewelry design. Who’s to say that you’re not one of them, Mr. Salvador? Who’s to say that the money flowing into your family’s charity foundation isn’t a matter of robbing Peter to pay Paul?” Sliva’s words hit a nerve, and Justin’s expression darkened. His large hand on his knee was clenched into a fist. 
Unable to tolerate it any longer, Ian, with his unorthodox yet fluent French, exclaimed, “Ms. Sliva, we came here sincerely for collaboration. Isn’t your choice of words a bit too much?” 
Justin maintained his composure, gesturing to Ian to quiet down. “The Salvador Foundation has always been managed by me personally. Every penny raised for charity has transparent and publicly accessible records. I can provide the accounts for your scrutiny.” 
Sliva disdainfully curled her red lips and coolly remarked, “I will truthfully convey Mr. Salvador’s sentiments to Alexa, but whether we can collaborate is ultimately up to Alexa herself. After all, there’s been more than just you lately vying for a design opportunity.”
With that, Sliva stood up and left without taking a sip of the coffee on the table. “Is this a case of a little burst of temper, or do women in Inalia hit menopause this early?!” Ian blurted out, his face turning red. 
“Let’s not dwell on that for now and prepare the backup plan,” Justin said. His Adam’s apple ‘rolled with difficulty as he loosened his meticulously tied Windsor knot. “The attitude from Alexa’s side is quite tough, and I assume it’ll be the same with Bella. Besides, I don’t believe Bella can offer more favorable conditions than I can.” 
“What’s your next move?” Ian asked anxiously. 
“Start with Ada Wang, but we can’t slack off on Alexa’s side either,” Justin said, tightly clenching his fist. His starry eyes darkened. “Keep a close eye on Bella’s movements. If she and Alexa take any further action, report it to me promptly.”
###chapter336
Chapter 336
After Ian returned to Savrow from Inalia, he closely monitored Bella’s activities. However, Justin received an unexpected answer. There were no changes in Bella’s routine. Day in and day out, she remained occupied with various tasks at the hotel, not venturing outside Savrow. 
Sitting in his office, Justin stared out of the floor-to-ceiling window at the cityscape with a cloud of doubt hanging over his head. With Ada Wang’s wedding approaching, was Bella genuinely unruffled? Or had she forsaken the Alexa-related path and chosen a different strategy instead? 
The incidents at Rose Manor and the noteworthy event involving Shannon’s arrest and Baxim’s intervention seemed to make Justin subtly cautious of Bella, this petite woman. 
Honestly, who becomes afraid of their ex-wife after a divorce? At that moment, the internal office phone rang, and Justin pressed the speaker button. 
The secretary respectfully informed him. “Sir, Mr. Hoffman is here to see you.” 
“Let him in.” 
Ryan entered the president’s office as if he were entering his own home, casually lounging on the sofa. He seemed almost ready to take off his shoes and climb into bed. 
“How many times do I have to say this? You can’t just barge in here without an invitation. Do you think I have as much free time as you do?” Justin did not even lift his gaze and focused on signing his documents. 
Ryan sneered and mocked him as he spoke. “What invitation? Who do you think you are? The King? Or the Pope? But I do think you resemble a king in the dramas my mother watches. You’re both heartless hogs.”
Justin snapped the pen shut and sat up straight. “Spit it out if you have something to say. If not, just get lost.” 
Ryan ignored his remark and continued, “It has been a few days since Zoe has returned to Savrow. My mom invited you to have dinner at our house.” 
Justin responded, “I’ve been busy lately. With the Ada Wang situation unresolved, I don’t have the mood for social gatherings.” 
Ryan sneered. “Come on, it’s been ages since you saw your godmother. My mom just returned from overseas and insisted on cooking for you. You’re not giving her any respect!” 
He continued, “My mom remembers your favorite dishes and prepared all the ingredients. If you don’t come, she’ll be really disappointed.” 
Justin pursed his lips and answered, “Alright, I’ll come.” 
lack 
“That’s more like it! Zoe will be overjoyed when she hears you’re coming. Although you popularity in your own family, you’re definitely a crowd favorite in my family!” Ryan’s spirits lifted immediately upon Justin’s agreement. 
Suddenly, Justin recalled the incident at the music hall that night. He remembered Zoe’s overly intimate actions and felt uncomfortable. 
Back then, when he held Zoe’s hand to stroll in the park, it was because she was only ten years 
old. She was still a cute little girl then, and she was his best friend’s sister, so he treated her like a younger sister. Now that she was a grown woman, Justin did not want to be overly intimate with her.
After contemplating for a moment, he muttered, “Zoe…” 
At that moment, a knock on the door interrupted his words. 
“Come in.” 
“Mr. Salvador, I’ve completed the investigation on Young Madam’s relationship with Christopher Iverson, as well as the connection between the Iverson and Thompson families.” Ian barged in with documents, pulling off his trademark loud voice. 
Ryan blinked his eyes. 
Justin almost broke his pen. His temples throbbed. 
“Oh… You have a guest. I’ll take my leave then. Please continue your discussion…” Ian awkwardly chuckled and retreated. 
“Tsk, just report it since you’re here. It’s not like I’m a stranger.” 
Ryan scoffed wickedly and casually picked up an orange. As he peeled it, he glanced sideways at Justin, observing his somewhat uncomfortable expression. “What’s wrong? You’re still unwilling, so you’ve chosen to confront that man?” 
“Eat your orange. It’s none of your business, so don’t ask.” Justin lowered his gaze, but his heart inexplicably skipped a beat. 
“Why shouldn’t I ask? Back then, I pursued Bella first. You and that guy should step aside!” Ryan tossed a piece of orange into his mouth, chewing fiercely. 
“So what if you pursued her first?” Justin’s dark eyes shimmered with a hidden
possessiveness. He clenched his jaw and said, “She ended up marrying me, and she will never belong to you.” 
“Damn it, what’s the use of showing off in front of me when you’re divorced and all?” Ryan wanted to throw the orange in his hand at Justin’s face. His eyes widened. “Go on and chase her back if you’re so great! Why are you snooping around behind her back?”
###chapter337
Chapter 337
“By the time you make up your fickle mind, Bella will probably have a whole bunch of kids with Christopher!” Ryan provoked Justin. 
Justin felt a stab in his heart, but he kept his cool and responded with a nonchalant tone. “Who said I’m after Bella? I was just checking up on their collaboration because Bella stole one of my projects. It might mess with some of Salvador Corporation’s plans.” 
Ryan laughed and playfully tossed an orange peel at him. “Sure… Say what you want. You’re as stubborn as they come.” 
Justin caught the peel. His face turned red with anger as he crushed the orange peel in his hand. 
Ian struggled to keep a straight face and put on a serious expression. “Mr. Salvador, it looks like there’s nothing special going on between Young Madam and Christopher. For the past three years, she’s been right by your side. No one else caught her eye. In the last ten years, I’ve found no link between Young Madam and the Iverson family.” 
Justin’s expression relaxed a bit upon hearing this. 
It seemed Christopher had not quite won over Bella. It was probably just wishful thinking on Christopher’s part. “But a few days ago, I found out that Chairman Iverson took his two unmarried sons, Charles and Christopher, to Hatchbay, presumably to visit Chairman Thompson. Considering the long-standing relationship between the Thompson and Iverson families, Chairman Iverson might be intentionally setting up a union between his two sons and the Thompson family!” 
‘A union?!’
Justin and Ryan were both dumbfounded. Bella and Christopher were childhood friends around the same age, and both their families had close ties. 
No matter how Justin looked at it, they seemed like a match made in heaven. 
A profound sense of crisis swept over Justin and Ryan simultaneously. It was overwhelming and unavoidable. 
“Well, I guess it’s game over.” 
Ryan shot a meaningful glance at Justin’s flushed face and chuckled. “It seems like even the Iversons are eager to win over my goddess! You know what they say. Good women fear persistent suitors. If Chairman Iverson personally proposes a marriage alliance and Chairman Thompson adds pressure on Bella, it wouldn’t be surprising if Bella agrees in the end.” 
Justin’s face turned cold as ice./ 
Ryan laughed. “Oh boy, it looks like you might be attending your ex-wife’s wedding soon! Considering your history, you should definitely be more generous with the gifts, don’t you think?” Ryan teased and munched on another orange slice. 
A strange surge of heat rose within Justin. His voice was noticeably hoarse as he retorted, Impossible! Bella would never agree to a business marriage arranged by her family. She’s not interested in Christopher. A woman who has faced a lion would never dance with a wolf.” 
Ryan chuckled. “Whoa, how sour!” 
Justin furrowed his brow and shot back. “Ryan!” 
“I meant the orange is sour. Why are you so sensitive?” Ryan teased and enjoyed the orange slices.
* 
In the evening, Justin arrived at the Hoffman residence as planned, accompanied by Ryan. Despite his long-standing familiarity with the Hoffman family and his consideration of Mrs. Hoffman as a godmother since childhood, Justin still observed the necessary etiquette. 
He came bearing thoughtful gifts-high-quality supplements known for their health benefits. 
Mrs. Hoffman, who held a special place for Justin in her heart, had laid out a table full of delectable dishes. 80% of the spread consisted of Justin’s favorite dishes, with the remaining 20% tailored to Zoe’s preferences. 
Ryan, playfully wielding his fork, complained, “Mom, your favoritism is reaching new heights! I asked for a few specific dishes before I left, but it seems you’ve completely ignored my requests. They say that after marriage, you forget your mother. It looks like you’ve forgotten your biological son now that you have your godson, Justin. It’s truly heartbreaking!” Ryan quipped. 
“You’ve been enjoying my cooking for over 20 years. Since Justin doesn’t come around as often, I naturally have to treat him properly. Don’t even try to compare yourself to him in this matter.” Mrs. Hoffman playfully shot back at Ryan’s complaint. 
Upon seeing Justin, Mrs. Hoffman was elated. Her gaze was filled with affection. “Justin, these are all your favorite dishes. Make sure to dig in.”. 
“Thank you, Godmom,” Justin responded with a smile and picked up his fork. 
“Justin, you’ve got to try more!” Zoe strategically took a seat next to Justin and used her fork to offer him a taste. “I made this dish just for you. Give it a try!”
However, before her fork could even reach Justin’s plate, Justin intercepted it mid-air, causing her smile to freeze. 
“Thanks, but I’ll help myself to the food.”
###chapter338
Chapter 338
The young embarrassed. 
and beautiful Zoe blushed instantly upon hearing Justin’s remarks, feeling quite 
Ryan frowned. “Justin, are you mad at Zoe for trying to serve you with her own fork? She hasn’t used it yet, and she offered you the first bite.” Being a protective brother, Ryan immediately stepped forward to defend his younger sister. 
Quickly, Zoe apologized. “Sorry, Justin. I didn’t think it through.” 
Zoe promptly switched to another fork and attempted to place a piece of fish on Justin’s plate, but he stopped her once again. 
“I can handle it myself.” 
Zoe pouted. “I haven’t been back in years. Justin, are you trying to distance yourself from me? We used to share ice cream when we were kids!” 
“That was back when we were kids. You’re not a child anymore.” Justin calmly responded as he looked at the food. He picked up a small piece of crab meat and chewed it slowly.. 
Zoe’s heart tightened. Her face darkened as she dejectedly stuffed the fish into her mouth, chewing with force. 
Meanwhile, Justin surveyed the exquisite dishes on the table, reminiscing about the times Bella used to cook for him. He understood the time and effort these dishes required. He knew Bella used to spend the entire afternoon in the kitchen, enduring the smoke that made her face oily while holding back her coughs. Yet he had never praised her, not even once.
Even if the dishes reached the level of a state banquet chef, Justin refused to acknowledge her. Each time he ate her food, he found himself craving an extra serving. 
An inexplicable pang hit his heart as he thought of the pitiful look in Bella’s eyes, eagerly awaiting his praise with starry eyes, only to be disappointed every time. 
But after a brief moment of disappointment, Bella always regained her composure and smiled at him cheerfully. 
-“Next time, I’ll do even better!” 
‘Next time… Will there be a next time?’ 
With these thoughts, Justin lost his appetite. Even swallowing became difficult. 
“Justin, Bethany mentioned you’ve been busy with Ada Wang’s wedding. Are you competing with KS World Hotel for the hosting rights?” 
Not long after, Zoe chimed in, Sensing Justin might be interested in business matters, she propped her chin on her hand and blinked her grape-sized eyes. She asked with an innocent look on her face, “I heard that Ada Wang will be coming to Savrow in a few days. Justin, are you planning to host a welcome banquet? Taking advantage of the situation can also promote the hotel. After all, Ada is an international superstar!” 
Justin’s charming eyes turned slightly cold, but his expression remained calm. What he disliked the most was discussing business during family meals, especially when unrelated people inquired about the internal affairs of his company. 
“Mm.” 
“Can I help with anything?” Zoe blinked her eyes eagerly.
Justin declined Zoe’s offer. “There’s no need.” 
Zoe tried to showcase herself to Justin. “I can play piano pieces for Ada Wang and other guests! It’s my specialty!” 
To Zoe’s dismay, Justin once again rejected her. “There’s no need for that.” 
** 
Justin frowned slightly and decisively declined. “You are the heiress of the Hoffman family. It’s not appropriate for you to entertain guests like that. Professionals will be hired to perform live.” 
Zoe’s expression instantly fell. “So, do you think that I’m not professional enough?” 
At this point, Justin had completely lost his appetite. 
He initially attended the dinner reluctantly, not wanting to offend Mrs. Hoffman and Ryan, but he found it increasingly annoying. 
“Justin, Zoe is the top protege of a renowned pianist. She’s more than qualified to play at your welcoming banquet. Just let her go.” Ryan chewed and spoke on behalf of his sister. 
“Yes, Justin. Zoe regards you as a brother, so let her help you this time.” Mrs. Hoffman, who doted on her daughter, also advised him. 
Zoe continued to plead with a pitiful expression. “Justin, I promise I’ll play exceptionally well. I won’t let you down!” 
Justin frowned and reluctantly nodded.
After the dinner, Justin bid farewell to the Hoffmans and left. Outside Hoffmans’ residence, Ian received an important message and hurriedly conveyed it to Justin. 
“Mr. Salvador, there’s a bit of an issue. Your plan has clashed with KS World Hotel on the same day!” 
Justin’s face turned cold as he asked, “Did Bella prepare a welcoming banquet for Ada Wang on the same day too?”
###chapter339
Chapter 339
“Mr. Salvador, your wisdom knows no bounds!” 
Ian could not help but break into a nervous sweat as he cautiously asked, “Given Young Madam’s unpredictable nature and her relentless tactics, do you think she might actually steal Ada away? Maybe we should…” 
“What?” Justin interrupted, his eyebrow furrowing in response. 
Ian grinned, revealing a set of gleaming white teeth. “Why not let Young Madam have her way this time? Anyway, it’s not the ultimate showdown. It’s just a welcoming banquet. A real man shouldn’t compete with a woman, especially considering you two used to be married…” 
“No way!” 
Justin cut him off decisively and frowned. “Since the plan with Alexa is not feasible right now, we have to start with Ada Wang. If Bella can think of it, it means her situation is similar to ours. At this critical moment, any small progress could change the situation dramatically. I won’t let her have the upper hand. By any means necessary, Ada Wang must attend our welcoming banquet!” 
Having declared this, the imposing boss entered the luxurious car with a grave expression. 
Ian stood frozen in place. His expression gradually turned mournful. ‘Oh my, Mr. Salvador seems to be made of reinforced concrete. How can someone so utterly stubborn win back the young madam’s heart?’ 
At this moment, Justin leaned back in the car seat and took a deep breath. ‘Should I do as Ian proposed and let Bella have her way?’
From the divorce to now, Justin has never defeated Bella once. She had always been riding high, overwhelming and crushing him completely. 
Justin was astonished to realize that Bella was no longer the calm, gentle, and simple woman he once knew during their marriage. She had become intelligent, outstanding, and shrewd. She seemed increasingly unattainable. 
Justin genuinely yearned to defeat her, as if winning just once could bridge the distance between them. 
Late at night, Ryan headed out to ACE for some entertainment. With only Mrs. Hoffman and Zoe left at home, Zoe entered her mother’s room, climbed onto the bed, and acted coquettishly. 
Reflecting on the dinner table scene earlier, Mrs. Hoffman couldn’t help but comment, “Zoe, why did your attitude toward Justin become so affectionate tonight? You made him feel awkward.” 
Mrs. Hoffman sighed with a hint of frustration. “You’re not a child anymore, and Justin is not the big brother who used to play with you. He’s now the president of the Salvador Corporation and a person of stature. Every move he makes is scrutinized by many, so you must watch y actions. It might not be appropriate for you to act coquettishly toward him in the future. I think you should still…” 
“Mom.” Zoe suddenly sat up and looked her mother in the eye. “I’m not acting like a spoiled brat, and I never regarded Justin as my brother.” 
“What are you saying?” Mrs. Hoffman looked confused. 
“Why do you think I turned down the Royal Symphony Orchestra of Inalia and gave up my great future to return to Savrow? It’s all for Justin. I want to marry him and be his wife!” 
“What?!”
Mrs. Hoffman sat up abruptly, staring at her daughter with astonishment. “Are you out of your mind? He’s your brother!” 
“He’s not my biological brother anyway!” Zoe retorted. Her eyes sparkled at the thought of Justin. “I’ve waited for so long, and Justin has finally broken up with Rosalind. Now, no one can stop me.” 
Faced with her daughter’s wishful thinking, Mrs. Hoffman became particularly conflicted. 
“Mom, what’s wrong? Why do you look like that? Don’t you want me and Justin to be together?” Zoe furrowed her brow and shook her mother’s hand. 
“No, it’s just…” Mrs. Hoffman hesitated for a moment and expressed her concern. “Justin is indeed an outstanding person, but he’s not a suitable match for you. It’s not just about Rosalind. As your eldest brother mentioned, Justin was married before. Oh, Zoe, you’re so kind and innocent. The situation in the Salvador family is complicated. I’m afraid you’ll be treated unfairly or even bullied if you marry Justin.” 
Zoe chuckled in her heart. ‘I’m innocent? I think Bethany Salvador is the real simpleton! If I marry Justin, I will definitely play around with the women in the Salvador family. Mom is underestimating me!’ 
“Mom! I am the heiress of the Hoffman family. We are no less than the Salvadors, and with your and Ryan’s support, anyone from the Salvador family who dares to mistreat me won’t get away with it!” 
“But feelings have to be mutual. Even if you want to marry, Justin has to be willing!” Mrs. Hoffman felt a sense of helplessness with her wayward daughter. 
Zoe smiled confidently. “With you and Ryan’s backing, I already have an added advantage over others. As long as I can prove to Justin that I’m no longer the child I used to be, that I hold value to him, and that I can stand by his side, he will surely notice me!”
“But…” 
“Oh, no buts, Mom. In any case, I won’t marry anyone but Justin in this lifetime!”
###chapter340
Chapter 340
Three days later, Ada Wang and her team were about to arrive in Savrow. However, Steven received shocking news from the agent today-Ada had ultimately chosen to attend Salvador Corporation’s welcoming banquet. 
In the entertainment room of the KS World Hotel, Steven brought this infuriating news to Bella. Bella was leisurely engaged in a game of billiards with Ralph, her seventh brother, demonstrating a professional level of skill with each shot and effortlessly sinking one ball after another. 
“Ms. Bella! Something bad has happened!” Steven anxiously called out. 
“Hush… It’s match point!” Bella delicately placed her slender finger to her lips, signaling him to keep quiet. This shot was crucial for tonight’s dinner and could not be taken lightly! 
However, Steven found himself truly at his wit’s end. He desperately wanted to rush her, yet he did not dare to! Even if the sky was falling, he could not interrupt Bella from having fun. 
Clack! Clack! 
Bella skillfully took her shot and concluded the game, winning in a spectacular manner. 
She screamed with satisfaction, “Yes!” 
Bella joyfully raised a victorious gesture, and Ralph, seated on the pool table’s edge, grinned at his sister, completely indifferent to whether he had lost to her. 
“Bella, your billiards skills are improving,” Ralph said.
Leaning gracefully on the cue, Bella playfully stuck out her tongue in response. “It’s all thanks to your excellent teaching.” 
Adorned in a red satin spaghetti strap dress, Bella had only played two shots when her red strap slowly slid down, revealing her porcelain-like bare shoulders, which was particularly alluring. 
Steven’s eyes involuntarily wandered over, and he gulped. 
Ralph astutely noticed Steven’s not-so-innocent gaze. His eyes darkened abruptly. 
He casually approached Bella and nonchalantly hooked up the strap that had nearly slipped off her arm. He cleared his throat and said, “Even when you’re out having fun, you still need to be careful. This is acceptable in front of your brothers, but in the presence of other men, you can’t be so bold.” 
After saying this, Ralph subtly glanced at Steven. 
Being a seasoned detective, Ralph had such sharpness in his eyes. Under the scrutiny of Ralph’s eagle-like eyes, Steven felt a chill running down his spine and sensed that his innermost thoughts were on the verge of being exposed. He hastily redirected his burning gaze elsewhere. 
“Yes, big brother! Steve isn’t a stranger. Besides, I haven’t revealed anything. You’re such a prude.” Bella’s voice was as sweet as honey. 
Ralph raised an eyebrow. He experienced a tingling sensation in his heart from Bella 
addressing him as “big brother”. He hesitated but could not bring himself to scold her. 
“Steve, what’s the matter?” Bella turned her head, picked up a glass of red wine, leaned against the pool table, and took a sip. Her charming eyes were carefree.
“Ms. Bella, Ada Wang has finally confirmed her attendance at the welcoming banquet hosted by Salvador Corporation! She stood us up!” Steven nervously conveyed. 
“Good.” Bella took another sip of red wine. 
“Good?! Justin intercepted our distinguished guest, and you say it’s good?” Steven’s clear eyes widened in astonishment. 
“Let me guess. In the next three days, Salvador Corporation will definitely send invitations to various celebrities. Moreover, they will publicize the banquet extensively. After all, the international superstar’s first stay in Savrow is at the Salvador Hotel. This will attract a lot of attention, like free publicity.” 
Bella continued, “This move indirectly certifies the supreme status of the Salvador Hotel in Savrow and even the entire country. Whether it’s the president or a superstar, anyone coming to Savrow will only stay there.” Bella’s bright eyes sparkled as she swirled the red wine in her glass with satisfaction. 
“So, Ada Wang chose the Salvador Hotel. This is a huge loss for our group, isn’t it?” 
“Smooth sailing is boring.” Bella smiled. To Steven, her smile was more intoxicating than the red wine in her glass. “I like challenges that bring you to life, turning the tide against the wind. That’s what makes it thrilling.” 
Steven’s heart fluttered. His boss’s smile at this moment carried a mischievous charm that was breathtakingly beautiful. 
“Bella, it seems you already have a plan for this, huh?” Ralph asked with a smile. 
Bella nodded. “Steve, prepare the banquet as usual.” 
“Huh? Should we continue preparations when the distinguished guest is not attending? What’s the point of organizing the banquet?” Steven felt somewhat disheartened, thinking they had already lost to
Justin. 
Bella’s eyes held a mysterious and unpredictable smile. “Who says it’s pointless? The victor is still undetermined, and the prize may still fall into our hands.” 
* 
On the roadside outside the KS World Hotel, Ian concealed himself in a black Porsche. He was assigned to monitor Bella’s every move. When he almost dozed off from the wait, he finally spotted Steven, Bella’s loyal secretary, walking out of the hotel with a gloomy expression. During these past few days, Ian has suffered a lot following Justin. Now, seeing the poor fellow beside Bella also wearing a gloomy expression like him, Ian suddenly felt a sense of satisfaction, as if the fortunes were turning in his favor. Thinking that they must have learned that Justin had taken the lead in securing Ada Wang, Ian could not help but feel triumphant! 
‘Hehe! It sure feels good to win!’ Ian thought. 
madam. A few seconds later, Bella emerged from the main entrance. ‘Steven and the young Huh? Why is there another man?!’ Ian picked up the binoculars, rubbed his eyes, and 
scrutinized the trio again with great intensity. 
“Oh, damn! It really is another man!” 
“Let’s go for a barbecue!” Ralph casually draped his arm over Bella’s shoulder. 
“Then I want pork ribs, beef brisket, corn on the cob, baked beans, and mac and cheese!” Bella licked her crimson lips. 
“Wow, Bella. That’s a lot of food just for the two of us.”
“Well, those are classic barbecue must-haves! Ooh, I want extra sauce too!” 
“We might as well chug some beer while we’re at it!” 
The siblings laughed in harmony and got into the car. 
Ian nervously gulped, not knowing how he managed to put down the binoculars. All he could think was, ‘Oh crap! It’s over!’ 
He trembled as he sneakily took pictures and shakily sent a message to his boss. [Mr. Salvador! SOS! Ms. Thompson has a new love interest again!]
###chapter341
Chapter 341
Back at the Salvador Corporation, Justin sat quietly in his office, lost in thought as he stared at the computer screen. With each click of the mouse, a new photo appeared, featuring a single protagonist-a beautiful woman with a radiant smile and an elegant demeanor-Bella. 
These photos were the result of Ian’s surveillance of Bella over the past few days. Originally, he intended to gather intelligence from the KS Group, but Bella’s side proved to be exceptionally secretive. Ian only managed to capture these everyday scenes. 
As Justin repeatedly browsed through the photos, his gaze deepened. It was as if, by looking at them multiple times, the figures in the pictures would come to life. If they were on paper, they would probably have developed a vintage charm. 
Suddenly, his phone on the table vibrated consecutively. Justin finally snapped back to reality, picked up the phone, and focused on the screen. 
Seeing the messages, Justin felt his heart drop. He abruptly stood up from his leather chair, grabbing his suit jacket before rushing out the door. 
* 
Ralph and Bella arrived at the barbecue restaurant. 
It had been a long time since Bella had met with Ralph, and the siblings had plenty to catch up on along with drinks. 
After three rounds of drinks, Bella’s eyes were slightly glazed. She suddenly leaned in and asked, “Ralph, spill it. When are you going to bring back a sister-in-law for me?”
“Ugh, not you too! My mom is already nagging me about this. Besides, my job is so tiring and dangerous. Why would I want to find someone in the same line of work? We both need to live a good life, right?” Ralph looked nonchalant, quietly pouring out the leftover alcohol in front of Bella and replacing it with mineral water. 
Bella pouted in frustration. “What’s with the men in our family? None of you are settling down. It’s annoying! I don’t even have a sister-in-law to care for or a nephew to play with. It’s so frustrating!” 
Hearing this, Ralph teased Bella. “With so many brothers doting on you, aren’t you content? Aren’t you afraid that if your brothers get married, we won’t have as much energy to pamper you?” 
“Stop pampering me so much! It’s because of you guys that I didn’t have a boyfriend until after I graduated from college! During school, you knew I liked chocolate, so you bought all the chocolates in the campus supermarket every day and waited for me at the school gates after class. Every boy in our school thought you guys were my boyfriend! Because of you guys, I still haven’t had a proper first love!” Bella’s cheeks turned red. When she drank too much, she tended to bring up old times. It was a Thompson family trait. 
“Because of the chocolates I got for you, my mom thought I was dating someone in school. She sent people to stop me at the school gates and claimed that she caught me red-handed. Then she gave me a good beating when I got home!” Ralph winced at the memory. 
Bella blinked in surprise. “Did that happen? I have no memory of it.” 
She continued, “Why didn’t you explain to your mom? You could have told her that those snacks were for me!” 
“That was right before the college entrance exam. She even went to the school to meet with the principal and my homeroom teacher, asking them to keep a close eye on me so that I wouldn’t get distracted during my exams.”
Ralph smirked. “I’m clearly innocent, but my mom thinks that I’m a playboy. Don’t you think it’s unfair?” 
Bella teased him. “Well, you don’t exactly look innocent.” 
“Around that time, the school did a poll on the best-looking students. I don’t know who put my picture up, but I ended up winning first place. Suddenly, I was surrounded by those infatuated girls everywhere I went, and my locker was either filled with gifts or love letters. It was so damn annoying!” Ralph complained. 
He smiled and continued, “So, I just went with the flow. With my mom’s controlling nature, she cleared the path for me.” 
4 
huh?” 
“So, you used me as a shield to ward off your love troubles? You’ve got some nerve, Bella furrowed her eyebrows and lightly flicked his forehead with her fingertip. 
Ralph playfully stuck out his tongue. “Anyway, I don’t want to get married. With my current career, anyone marrying me would basically be a widow. That’ll be a miserable life for them.” 
Bella nodded in agreement. “Yeah, same here.” 
“You should get married, though. The last time Christopher came to our house, he seemed quite interested in you. That night, his eyes were practically glued to you. Why not consider him?” 
Suddenly, Ralph leaned close to her ear and said mysteriously, “But I noticed how pale his complexion is. Do you think he’s sick?” 
Bella was left speechless upon hearing this.
“To be honest, money isn’t something we lack in our family, but you must find a healthy partner with excellent genetics, someone who can carry on the legacy of the Thompson family,” Ralph said with utmost seriousness. 
“I don’t care if he’s sick, as long as he’s not sick in the head. 
]) 
Bella smiled. Whether it was embarrassment or the effects of drinking too much, her rosy cheeks flushed even more. 
As Ralph and Bella exited the restaurant, Steven had already parked the car at the entrance. 
Seeing Bella leaning on Ralph with a flushed face, Steven hurriedly came over to assist her. 
“Don’t touch her.” 
Ralph’s right arm tightened around Bella’s shoulders as his left arm forcefully kept Steven at bay. He spoke coldly, “I’ve got this. You don’t have to touch her.” Steven stood frozen and pressed his lips together in embarrassment.
###chapter342
Chapter 342
Steven was deeply aware of Ralph’s harbored prejudices against him. Ralph thought that every man who showed excessive attention to his sister had bad intentions. 
“Ralph, you’re too cautious. Steve is not a stranger,” Bella said helplessly with a smile. 
“He may not be a stranger, but he’s still a man,” Ralph retorted. His eyebrows furrowed slightly. He cast a cold glance at Steven and added, “You should find a female secretary tomorrow. I don’t like the idea of you having a male secretary.” 
Bella waved her hand dismissively and squinted her eyes. “Come on, you’re such a suspicious cop. You see everyone as a potential criminal.” 
“It won’t hurt to stay vigilant and alert,” Ralph replied. 
Ralph assisted Bella into the car and closed the door. As Steven bowed to him before leaving, Ralph stopped him. 
“Wait.” 
“Is there anything else, Mr. Ralph?” Steven asked with a calm expression. 
“As Bella’s secretary, you’re with her 24/7. While supporting her, remember to maintain your boundaries,” Ralph instructed. 
Ralph’s gaze carried a chilling fierceness. “What doesn’t belong to you won’t ever be yours. Don’t harbor any inappropriate intentions or cross the line. Unlike my older brothers, I won’t tolerate your presence around Bella. I was born with a suspicious mind, and I’ve witnessed too much evil in this world. So, I never assume the best in people.”
Steven took a deep breath and clenched his fists. 
“In short, don’t entertain any improper thoughts you have about Bella. Don’t you dare take a single step beyond the boundaries, or else I won’t go easy on you.” 
“Mr. Ralph, I understand the rules. While the rules can control actions, they can’t control one’s feelings.” Steven asserted, forcefully suppressing his inner grievances. 
Steven’s eyes got a little teary as he bluntly revealed the emotions that had been suppressed for too long. “I won’t do anything to Ms. Bella because I genuinely admire and respect her. But 
you can’t ask me to stop loving her. Loving someone is not a crime.” 
Ralph’s eyebrows furrowed slightly. Although he did not like Steven, he found his words surprisingly straightforward. 
“You’d better remember what you said today.” 
“Hey, what are you guys talking about? Are we leaving or not? I’m exhausted!” Bella lowered the car window, squinting her eyes. 
“I’m coming, Ms. Bella.” Steven turned back and smiled warmly at her. 
“Bella, give me a call when you get home.” Ralph seemed a bit concerned and made a gesture mimicking a phone call. 
Bella made an “OK” gesture, waved to him, and left with Steven. 
Ralph smiled as he watched his sister leave but did not immediately follow. His eyes lost their playfulness and scanned the opposite side of the road. He turned and walked away.
Across the road, Ian’s black Porsche was discreetly parked. He had just sent a location to Justin, and within seconds of Bella leaving, both she and the “gigolo” had disappeared. 
“Strange… Where did they go?” Ian muttered to himself. 
Ian was puzzled. He muttered to himself when suddenly the car door was violently yanked open. In an instant, he felt his breath hitch as a rough and powerful hand firmly seized his collar. He was effortlessly pulled out of the car as if he weighed like a feather. 
“Hey, hey, hey! What are you doing?!” 
Ian, shocked to see Ralph appear out of nowhere like a ghost, panicked and shouted, “Don’t mess around! We have laws in this country! I’ll report you to the police!” 
“No need for all that trouble.” 
As the words fell, Ralph’s expression turned cold. He pulled out an ID from his pocket and flashed it in front of Ian. “The police are here to catch people like you who have slipped through the cracks of this law-driven society.” 
Ian involuntarily gasped, his head buzzing. 
Bella sat in the car, yawning several times and feeling drowsy. 
At that moment, her phone rang. 
“Ralph, what’s up? I haven’t reached home yet. You’re…” 
“Bella, do 
you know who Ian Harris is?” Ralph’s hoarse voice came through.
Bella’s drunkenness disappeared immediately, and she sat up straight. 
“What’s going on, Ralph? Why did you suddenly mention this person?” 
“Bella, where did you meet this creep? His phone is full of photos he secretly took of you! I caught him red-handed!”
###chapter343
Chapter 343
By the time Justin rushed to the barbecue restaurant, Bella and Steven were long gone. Gritting his teeth, he replayed the images of Bella and the man from the photos in his mind. His face was frozen and stern, but his composure was on the verge of collapsing. 
Amid the lively atmosphere, he could not help but feel like he was humiliating himself. Alongside this self-inflicted humiliation, he was worried about Bella. 
He thought, ‘Bella was having dinner with a seemingly unreliable man in such a chaotic environment at such a late hour. Does she even understand what fear means?’ 
Suddenly, his phone vibrated, displaying an unknown number. Justin sighed and answered, ” Who is this?” 
“Is this Mr. Justin Salvador?” A robotic female voice came from the,other end. 
Justin responded, “Yes.” 
“This is the Savrow West District Police Station. May I ask, what is your relationship with Mr. Ian Harris?” 
Justin’s eyebrows furrowed deeply. “He’s my secretary. What’s going on?” 
“Please come to the police station now. We’ll discuss it when you arrive.” 
* 
The events of this night could only be described as illusionary.
The Lamborghini raced down the road, and Justin’s mind was in a whirlwind. He could not comprehend how Ian, who would not harm a single soul, had ended up in the police station. 
As Justin briskly entered the station, he collided with a handsome man in a black leather jacket. The man was tall and strong. He was the same man who was being intimate with Bella in those photos that Ian sent! 
Ralph also noticed Justin. His eagle-like eyes scanned him as if piercing through light. 
A cold glint flashed in Ralph’s eyes, and he asked with a mocking smile, “Are you Justin Salvador? Here to defend Ian Harris?” 
Justin’s eyebrows furrowed as he looked at Ralph with hostility. “How does this concern you?” 
Ralph laughed. “Interesting choice of words.” 
He continued to mock with a cold sneer. “Ian Harris is here because of me. How does it not 
concern me?” 
Justin frowned, breaking his composure. “Are you doing this for revenge?” 
“Revenge?” 
“My secretary exposed your illicit relationship with Bella. Is this your way of retaliating against me?” 
Blinded by anger, Justín failed to recognize that the young man before him was actually an experienced detective. Justin naturally assumed the man was merely standing up for Bella. 
Ralph, upon hearing Justin’s assumption, chuckled instead of getting angry. “It’s truly a miracle that you can become the president of a major conglomerate with that level of intelligence.”
Justin gritted his teeth and retorted, “You’re a gigolo who dares to appear so boldly in a police station. You even try to frame Ian for exposing you. I must say, I’m quite impressed by your courage.” 
Ralph was shocked by what he heard and thought to himself, ‘What the hell is this guy blabbering about? Gigolo?! Do I look that promiscuous to him?’ 
Ralph sized Justin up. ‘So, this is the pretty boy who hurt my Bella. Look at his thick eyebrows and big eyes. He has quite a sturdy figure hidden beneath his suit. He looks like he could fight.’ 
At that moment, two police officers happened to pass by and salute Ralph. 
“Hello, Captain Thompson!” 
Ralph smiled and nodded at them. 
Justin’s breath hitched as he stared at Ralph in disbelief. “This guy isn’t a gigolo, but a police officer?! Captain Thompson… He’s a Thompson, too?” 
Upon closer inspection, Justin noticed that Ralph’s bright and sharp eyes, steep nose, and chiseled jawline looked familiar. 
“Ralph!” 
Justin abruptly froze. A pleasant yet familiar female voice pierced through his heart. 
This was yet another surprise revelation. 
Justin thought, ‘Just how many sons does that old playboy, Wyatt Thompson, have?! Isn’t Wyatt afraid that there will be disputes over inheritance when he’s older?’
###chapter344
Chapter 344
Justin turned slowly, only to find Bella standing a few steps behind him. Her gaze was cold and piercing. 
“Bella, why did you come over?” Ralph no longer paid attention to Justin and swiftly approached his sister. “I told you that I’d handle this. You should just go home and rest.’ 
“No, I must handle this matter in person.” 
As Bella spoke, she looked at Justin. The coldness and unfamiliarity in her eyes cut deep into his heart. 
After the divorce, she treated him with a cold demeanor. He had resented it before, but now he was afraid. Deep down, he dreaded the thought of Bella treating him as a complete stranger. 
He would prefer to be hated, cursed, or even physically assaulted by her. The chill of her indifference was something he could not bear. 
“Bella…” Justin hesitated, trying to call out to her. 
“Justin, let’s talk outside.” 
Bella shot him an icy glare before turning away and walking ahead. Justin’s gaze trailed her graceful figure. He was eager to catch up to her, but Ralph pulled him back. 
“Hey! You clueless idiot, you’d better behave yourself. This is a police station. If you dare do anything to my sister, I’ll put you in handcuffs!” 
Justin responded, “As Bella’s brother, you should be aware of my history with her.”
Taking a deep breath, Justin quelled the turmoil within and replied coldly, “When she was my wife, we treated each other with respect. You have no reason to be concerned now.’ 
Ralph sneered, a chilly laugh escaping his throat. “Well, that’s not necessarily true. From my experience dealing with criminal cases, a man who hires someone to stalk his ex-wife is either mentally unsound or a murderer. None of those husbands were ever deemed normal.” 
Justin was speechless. 
Bella and Justin found themselves in a secluded area behind the police station, a spot ideal for a private conversation. Given their prominent positions in society, discretion was crucial in this sensitive setting. The two of them faced each other, silhouetted by the dim light. 
“Justin…” 
Justin asked, “Have you been drinking?” 
Without waiting for Bella to finish, Justin stepped closer. His broad frame cast a shadow over her, blocking the remaining light. Bella, secretly surprised, watched as he tilted his head and gently sniffed her hair. 
In a deep voice, he remarked, “This liquor has a high alcohol content. Do you think you have a good alcohol tolerance? Remember how drunk you were at the karaoke bar last time? During the three years of our marriage, you never touched a drop of alcohol.” 
Bella responded with a cold tone, “I’ve always had a high tolerance for alcohol, and I’ve always enjoyed drinking. You just never knew.” Bella’s gaze was cold. She took a step back with her back against the wall.
“That’s because you never showed me your true self. You have never been honest with me.” Justin approached her. His heart was filled with bitter emotions. 
Bella scoffed. “Justin, you’re pretty good at dodging responsibility.” 
She tilted her head. Her seductive red lips captivated him, making his throat tighten involuntarily. He struggled to keep his emotions in check. 
Bella continued, “Remember the kind of person you used to be, the husband you were? Even when I opened up to you in the past, you never bothered to care. And let’s not forget how you found me annoying back then. Why would I want to show you the real me and risk even more turned off by me?” Bella spoke these words with indifference. 
Every word she said had the power to stir up tumultuous waves in Justin’s heart. 
As it turned out, she hid her true self back then to please him. you being 
After all, which woman did not wish to present her best self in front of the man she loved? Just like how Rosalind once acted all innocent around him, feigning ignorance of the world. Rosalind even resorted to despicable tactics like pretending to have depression, all just to win his heart. 
Justin finally realized that, at that time, Bella had really gone all out to please him. 
Rosalind’s fake love and carefully calculated moves were all about controlling him and getting what she wanted. On the other hand, the old Bella had only pretended to be someone else to avoid being disliked by him. 
Justin felt like his heart was crushed.
His eyes turned red. Just as he was about to speak, Bella said coldly, “Justin, I get why you had Ian spy on me. Ada Wang’s wedding is coming up, and I’m your biggest competition. I get that you want Ian to keep an eye on your business rival. But hasn’t Salvador Corporation done pretty well so far? Didn’t Ada Wang choose to attend your welcoming banquet? Why would you still want Ian to follow me and even secretly take pictures of Ralph? Don’t you think that it’s a bit too much?”
###chapter345
Chapter 345
“You are so despicable.” Bella uttered those words through gritted teeth. 
Wyatt Thompson and his wives had protected their children well. It was because of this protection that they had the freedom to pursue their dreams. 
In the past, Bella was blinded by love. For Justin, she made sacrifices, abandoned her family, and repeatedly compromised her dignity, all for the sake of a laughable notion of true love. 
Now that she has sobered up and returned to the Thompson family, Bella intends to shoulder the responsibility as the heiress of KS Group. This was not just a way to make amends, but also to ensure her siblings could pursue their own careers without any hindrance. 
Bella did not want her family’s peaceful life to be disturbed. 
At this moment, Justin’s shameless and reckless probing of her boundaries struck a nerve with Bella. He had pushed her patience to its limit. 
‘Despicable?’ Hearing her ruthless words, Justin felt a piercing ache in his heart. His eyes turned even redder. 
Suddenly, he extended his arms and pulled Bella to his chest. His warm breath brushed against her nose as he implored, “Bella, if you think I’m despicable, then come at me. Why arrest Ian? Is this your way of taking revenge on me?” 
Bella’s eyes also reddened at the mention of revenge. She was infuriated by the man’s 
apparent lack of reason. He was the one who instructed Ian to secretly photograph her. Ralph caught Ian in the act, and there was irrefutable evidence. Not only did Justin not apologize to her, but he tried
to turn the blame on her. 
“If it weren’t for your orders, why would Ralph randomly arrest Ian and detain him?” Justin narrowed his eyes with a hint of resentment. Complex emotions weighed on his chest that were difficult to relieve. 
“Bella, did I earn your hatred just by winning against you once? Prompting you to conspire with your brothers against me and my company?” 
“What’s the matter? Are you jealous?” Bella’s lips curled up in a provocative smile. “My brothers care about me. What can I do if they want to stand up for me?” 
“Bella!” Justin’s temples throbbed intensely. 
“You have so many great sisters, so why can’t I have a few good brothers? If you can’t stand it, you can retaliate. You can ask your little sisters to fight me!” 
Bella was not one to typically utter such words. But tonight, she was intoxicated, so she did not hold herself back. 
“Little sisters? What do you mean?” Justin appeared puzzled, still not grasping the situation. 
Bella disdainfully mocked him, pressing both hands firmly on his chest. “Are you playing dumb? I really can’t be bothered by a disgusting man like you.” 
Justin’s dark, long lashes fluttered, and his obsidian eyes rippled. 
Memories flooded back to the time when Bella had vomited on him outside the karaoke bar 
and accused him of being a hooligan, which had nearly landed him in jail. After he returned home that day, he stripped off his soiled clothes and stood bare-chested in front of the
mirror. He was astonished to find red scratches all over his chest, like he had been clawed by a kitten. Those were marks left by her. 
A gentle caress left a warm, lingering sensation. 
When Bella touched him once more at this moment, the vibrant feeling and his heart that had melted by her presence now quivered uncontrollably within his chest. 
The man’s deep eyes held unclear emotions, stirring restlessly and quietly growing more 
intense. 
“I’ve said everything that needs to be said. From now on, stop sending people to stalk me. Or else it won’t be as simple as ending up in jail!” 
“Bella, you can’t just walk away.” Justin’s voice was rough. 
“This is a police station! If you act like a hooligan, I’ll call Ralph to come over and arrest you!” Bella’s eyes widened in anger. Her cheeks were tinted red. 
“Even so, you’re not allowed to leave.” Justin stubbornly persisted. 
“Why?!” 
“Explain to me, which sister are you talking about?” 
Justin’s brow furrowed as he urgently questioned her. “I only have two sisters, Bethany and Carrie. Who are you referring to?” 
Bella was so angry that she bit her lip. She was tempted to slap this scumbag.
At that moment, Justin’s pupils contracted. He suddenly turned and used his left arm to block 
a fierce attack from behind. Years of military experience and intense training had kept his reflexes sharp. 
Bella widened her eyes. 
Before she could comprehend the situation, Justin was already engaged in a fight with Ralph. The two exchanged punches and kicks, making her heart pound with fear. 
Justin moved like lightning, and his attacks were fierce. 
In this fight between the ex-military ace and the impulsive detective, Ralph was clearly at a disadvantage. After all, among Bella’s brothers, the only ones who could contend with Justin were Drew and Asher.
###chapter346
Chapter 346
Seeing that Justin’s fist was about to land on Ralph’s face, Bella panicked and shouted, “Don’t hit my brother!” 
Justin’s heart skipped a beat, and his fist instantly froze in mid-air. Seizing Justin’s 
momentary distraction, Ralph took the opportunity to land a heavy punch on the corner of Justin’s mouth. 
“Ugh-!” 
Justin felt the pain in his lips and teeth as the taste of blood filled his mouth. Despite the powerful blow, he only staggered a step backward. 
Bella clenched her fists tightly. Her eyes were filled with disbelief. 
She did not expect this man to be so obedient as to actually listen to her words. Justin just stood there and let Ralph hit him. 
Ralph quickly rushed over, embracing Bella’s shoulder and glaring at Justin, whose lips were now bruised. “Motherfucking scumbag! If you dare touch my sister again, I’ll make sure I beat you to a pulp till your mother can’t even recognize you, even if it means being stripped of my police badge.” 
However, Bella felt a subtle sense of fear in her heart. That scumbag had already shown mercy. Otherwise, Ralph would probably be the one beaten until his mother could not recognize him. 
In the end, Bella chose not to dwell on the matter of lan spying on her. After all, she was well aware of Ian’s character after three years of interaction with him.
Justin brought lan back to the car. Ian’s head hung low, and if he had a tail, it would be tucked between his legs. 
“Sorry, Mr. Salvador… I’m useless. I got caught by that stupid cop and caused you trouble…” 
“Forget it.” Justin spared a few words. His mouth was still aching from the punch. 
“Mr. Salvador! Are you hurt?!” It was only now that Ian noticed the bloodstains at the corner of Justin’s lips. He was so distressed that he was about to cry. “Did that stupid cop hit you?! As a police officer, how dare he lay hands on an innocent citizen?! I’ll file a complaint against him!” 
‘Innocent citizen?’ Justin recalled the scene when he trapped Bella with his own body. No matter how he thought about it, it did not seem like something an innocent citizen would do. 
“This matter is over. Don’t stir up trouble again.” 
“But…” 
“That so-called stupid cop is Bella’s seventh brother. He’s one of Wyatt Thompson’s many sons,” Justin said, recalling the face that resembled Wyatt Thompson’s and feeling a bit slow in realizing the connection. 
“Wow, the seventh brother?!” Ian exclaimed. “Why does the young madam have so many brothers? There will be no end to it if they come at you one after the other!” 
Justin tilted his head back, closed his eyes, and lifted his hand to gently wipe away the bloodstains from the corner of his lips with his thumb. He sighed deeply. He was also curious about how many brothers Bella actually had. They might as well come at him in one go because he was losing his patience with them popping out of nowhere one by one. 
While he was wallowing in frustration, his phone rang.
Justin took out his phone from his pocket and saw Zoe’s name on the caller ID. He felt even more irritated. 
“Zoe, do you need something?” Justin answered the call in a cold and indifferent tone. 
“Justin!” Zoe’s cloying voice entered his ear. 
In an instant, Justin opened his eyes abruptly. He suddenly recalled Bella’s words earlier. 
-“You have so many great sisters. Why can’t I have a few good brothers?” 
So, that was what she was referring to. 
Justin felt enlightened as his heart filled with adrenaline, causing him to sit upright. 
On the other end, Zoe continued babbling, “I’ve prepared the repertoire for the performance at Ada Wang’s welcoming banquet three days from now. Would you like to see it in advance?” 
However, Justin did not hear a word she said. His mind was filled with the hidden meaning behind Bella’s statement. 
Bella cared about his interactions with other women. 
‘Was she jealous?’ 
“Justin? Are you even listening to what I’m saying?” Zoe asked in a sweet voice. 
“Stop that.” The man spoke in a low voice. 
“Huh?” 
“I’m not your brother, so don’t call me at random.”
Zoe was startled. She asked in confusion, “Justin… What do you mean by that? Do you not like 
it when I call you?” 
“I don’t like it. Be more careful next time.” 
With that, Justin hung up the phone.
###chapter347
Chapter 347
Three days went by in the blink of an eye. 
Ada Wang finally arrived in Savrow as scheduled, attracting attention both domestically and internationally. 
On the evening of the banquet, Bethany had picked out a splendid purple haute couture gown for herself. She had meticulously curled her hair and done herself up from head to toe. She radiated the same elegance as always. 
Naturally, Shannon also attended in her finest attire. She styled her hair in an elaborate updo, revealing a pair of generously sized emerald earrings and an almost 2-inch-diameter imperial green jade pendant. It was as if she was wearing the value of a mansion around her neck. 
“Mom, I remember you have a better piece of jade than this one, right? Why don’t you wear that one?” Bethany asked curiously. 
“Don’t mention it. Just thinking about it gives me heartache!” 
Shannon gritted her teeth and held onto her pendant tightly. “It’s all because of that bitch, Rosalind! I don’t know what the Gold family has been doing to have millions of dollars in debt!” 
“I didn’t have any cash on hand, and the authorities were watching me like a hawk. The boutique has also been without customers for two months now, so I had to reluctantly part with that piece of jade and sell it to help pay off some of the Gold family’s debt!” 
“My goodness! You’re generous. If I were you, I’d be in tears. That was a birthday gift from Dad!”
Bethany felt the pain for her mother. She asked in confusion, “But I really don’t understand, Mom. Why are you helping the Gold family? It would be better to let those rotten relatives fend for themselves!” 
“Hmph! I wish I could…” 
Shannon muttered with a sinister tone. However, when she was grooming Rosalind to cozy up to Justin, Shannon was overambitious and put all her eggs in one basket. It never occurred to her that her own actions would backfire, leaving her with nothing but failure. 
Now, not only did she fail to achieve her goal of controlling Justin, but the pawn she groomed ended up threatening her. 
Recently, Rosalind had tasted the sweetness of extorting her aunt for money. Just the day before yesterday, Rosalind called Shannon from Meridan to ask for more money. Shannon was so furious that she almost considered hiring a hitman to take Rosalind out. 
However, killing Rosalind was definitely a last resort. She would not consider it unless it was absolutely necessary. Thus, she promised Rosalind that she would soon find an opportunity to work with Rosalind again and let her return to Savrow. That was how she managed to keep that despicable girl in check. 
“Mom, how do I look in this outfit?” 
Bethany happily twirled in place, wearing the purple evening gown she chose after seeing how 
handsome Ryan looked in a purple shirt. It was as if, by wearing this, she and Ryan would be in matching outfits. “Tonight, I must be stunning, and I absolutely can’t let down our family’s reputation!” 
“The undisputed star tonight is Ada Wang, a renowned international celebrity. Your chances. of impressing anyone are minimal. You should focus more on Ryan. Your attention should be on him
rather than competing with those girls. Even if you look more beautiful than them, what’s the point if Ryan doesn’t take another look at you? The doors of the Hoffman family won’t open for you!” 
To Shannon, Rosalind was done for, and Carrie had always been a disappointment. Shannon was glad that Bethany did not disgrace their family. She pinned all her hopes on Bethany and used all means to ensure Bethany would marry into a prominent family. A daughter who married well would only make her journey to seize control of Salvador Corporation smoother. “Mom, you can rest assured. This time, I will definitely become Ryan’s wife!” Bethany puffed out her chest, full of confidence. 
Shannon raised an eyebrow. “Oh? Do you have a plan?” 
“Mom, Ryan’s younger sister, Zoe, has returned from Inalia. She said she would help me! You should know how much Ryan dotes on his sister. With her assistance, I’m confident I can become her sister-in- law!” Bethany became more excited as she spoke, as if she already had one foot in the Hoffman family. 
“Zoe?” Shannon’s slender eyebrows tightened as she recalled the times when Ryan used to bring a little doll to Tideview Manor to meet Justin. That little girl was quite clingy. She seemed to like Justin as well. 
“Well, there’s no free lunch in this world. Aren’t you afraid of being used?” Shannon sat on the sofa, lazily flicking her red nails. “Zoe wouldn’t help you in vain. She must have exchanged some conditions with you, right?” 
“Mom! No wonder Dad loves you so much. You’re really smart!” Bethany sat down beside her mother, holding the heavy dress. “Zoe is interested in Justin, so her condition is to marry Justin.” 
“What? This won’t do!” Shannon’s voice suddenly became sharp. “Zoe is the daughter of the Hoffman family. If she marries Justin, that bastard will become even more powerful within Salvador Corporation. If that happens, I won’t have any foothold anymore!”
###chapter348
Chapter 348
“But Mom, I can also marry into the Hoffman family. It will be equally beneficial for you!” Bethany’s face turned pale as she was startled by her mother’s intense reaction. 
Shannon maintained her silence. She pursed her lips and had a sinister glint in her a moment, she said, “What is the progress between Zoe and Justin?” 
eyes. After 
“It’s not like there’s any significant progress. From what Zoe hinted, Justin seems to be lingering over that little harlot, Bella. She doesn’t stand a chance at all,” Bethany replied with a disgruntled expression. 
“Heh, that’s even better,” Shannon remarked. “Dear, don’t you understand? This is a great opportunity to sow discord between Justin and Ryan!” 
“Mom, what do you mean?” 
Frustrated, Shannon flicked Bethany’s forehead. “Ryan is the sole heir of the Hoffman Group. Despite Chairman Hoffman’s current control, Ryan has inherited a substantial amount of shares from his father. In the future, the Hoffman Group belongs to him!” 
Shannon continued, “If we use Zoe to create a rift between Ryan and Justin, it’s much more meaningful than becoming in-laws. I understand Justin’s stubborn nature. It’s futile to force anything he doesn’t want on him. So, even if Zoe doesn’t marry him, this will become a thorn in their friendship. They can never go back to the way they were!” 
Realizing this, Bethany looked at Shannon with admiration.
Just then, there was a soft knock on the door. 
“Come in!” Shannon composed herself, hiding her menacing gaze. 
The door creaked open, and Carrie entered clutching a teddy bear. 
Upon seeing her sister, Bethany immediately thought of the grudge between them. She wished she could destroy both Carrie and her ugly teddy bear. 
“Carrie? What are you here for?” Shannon asked indifferently. 
“M-Mommy…” 
Carrie lowered her head and held the teddy bear tightly. She asked in a barely audible voice, “C -Can I attend the banquet tonight?” 
Both Shannon and Bethany were taken aback. They could not recall a time when Carrie had ever asked for something on her own. This was a first. 
“My dear sister, your innocent facade is finally on the verge of collapse, huh?” Bethany sneered with a devious grin. “Did you hear that Ryan would be there? You just couldn’t resist the temptation to meet your crush, right? After what happened with Ryan last time, are you unable to resist the urge to throw yourself at him again? Why are you so shameless?” 
“I-I didn’t!” Carrie quickly denied any lingering feelings for Ryan and pushed aside the awkward encounter in the bushes. 
“Carrie, luck won’t always be on your side. And don’t forget, you’ve got some mental illness. Aren’t you afraid of scaring Ryan with your crazy behavior?” Bethany expressed disgust with a 
roll of her eyes.
Carrie’s face instantly turned pale. 
“Carrie, it’s probably best if you skip tonight’s event. Just stay at home. Also..” Shannon’s expression darkened. “About what happened between you and Ryan before, I won’t hold it against you. But from now on, don’t cause any more trouble for your sister, or there will be consequences. Understand?” 
“Mommy! I-I just want to meet Ada Wang… I really like her movies!” Carrie pleaded as tears welled up in her eyes. 
“Who would believe such a lame excuse? Mom, don’t fall for her lie. She may look innocent, but deep down, she’s scheming after Ryan!” Bethany gritted her teeth, seething with 
resentment. 
“Carrie, don’t get in your sister’s way. You’ve caused enough trouble. No more, understand?” Shannon commanded with an authoritative tone, as if Carrie was not part of the family. 
Carrie stood there in confusion with her head hung low. She sniffled pitifully. The neglect from her mother and the hostility from her sister left her feeling like an outcast in her own family. 
She was the daughter with a mental illness who brought shame to the family. 
She was an unwelcome existence and an unnecessary burden.
###chapter349
Chapter 349
Ada Wang’s first visit to Savrow immediately became a big deal in the media. Coupled with the high- profile image of the Salvador family, the headlines in the past three days have been centered around the international superstar and the hotel where she stayed. 
During this period, the Salvador family’s reputation took a hit in the public eye. Any publicity was good publicity, but the Salvador Hotel was in a particularly tricky situation and could not withstand such negativity. 
For decades, the Salvador Hotel had maintained a stellar reputation as a top-tier brand in Savrow and even across the country. It had been the choice for distinguished guests from various fields like politics, business, the arts, and sports. Even the former President of Orealm always chose to stay at the Salvador Hotel during his visits to Savrow. 
However, over the past six months, a series of events have dealt a severe blow to the Salvador Hotel’s once-pristine reputation. Now, whenever netizens mentioned the Salvador Hotel, the immediate association was with Justin’s marital scandal and Rosalind’s infamy. 
Reputation was something that took time to build but could crumble in an instant. Recognizing the urgency, Justin dedicated considerable effort and resources to win over Ada Wang, aiming to salvage the Salvador Hotel’s tarnished image. In this battle, he desired victory even more than Bella. 
At precisely 6:00 p.m., the hotel’s reception area was bustling with journalists and eager fans, all hoping to catch a glimpse of Ada Wang. A luxurious red carpet was laid out, adding a touch of grandeur. 
“I’m Ada Wang’s biggest fan! I’ve watched all seven of her movies! After a whole decade, I’m finally going to meet the goddess in person!”
“In the entire Savrow, the only hotel that suits Ada is the Salvador Hotel! KS World Hotel doesn’t compare. Their reputation, facilities, and conditions can’t compete with the Salvador Hotel!” 
“But recently, the Salvador Hotel’s series of actions have been confusing and unclear…” 
“Nevertheless, it doesn’t change the fact that the Salvador Hotel is a pioneer in the hotel industry of Savrow!” 
“Ada Wang’s decision to stay here is a recognition of Salvador Hotel’s capabilities!” 
The bodyguard opened the door of the luxurious car. 
The star of the night, Ada Wang, emerged amidst the cheers of her fans. 
With a blend of Asian, French, and Italian heritage, Ada possessed curly, dark brown hair, and almond- shaped eyes. Her facial features were prominent and stunning. Standing at 1.76 meters, she could easily stand out in a crowd of women. 
As it was her first time in Savrow, Ada underestimated the enthusiasm of her fans. Nevertheless, in good spirits, the usually proud superstar smiled and waved at the cheering 
crowd. 
“Ada! I’ve grown up watching your movies!” 
“OMG, why doesn’t she age?! She’s unbelievably beautiful!” 
Shielded by her manager and personal bodyguard, Ada made her way into the Salvador Hotel, opting to take a dedicated elevator to the banquet hall. 
Outside the hall, Justin and Ian awaited her arrival. Upon Ada’s appearance, Justin calmly stepped forward and extended a polite handshake.
“Ms. Ada, welcome to Savrow.” 
Tonight, Justin was impeccably dressed in a four-piece suit, radiating elegance and charm. His powerful presence matched that of the superstar. 
“Hello, Mr. Salvador.” Ada greeted him and returned the handshake. 
“It’s your first time in Savrow. Are you adapting well?” 
Ada shared, “My mother is from here, so you could say that Savrow is where my roots are. Although it’s 
my first time visiting this city, I fell in love with it the moment I smelled the air here.” 
Justin’s impeccable image and refined demeanor eased the initial awkwardness, and the two of them walked into the banquet hall engaged in conversation and laughter. 
Inside the hall, the air buzzed with the presence of celebrities, emanating a delightful fragrance. Ada Wang’s entrance triggered excitement, prompting even some A-list celebrities to consider rushing up for a photo with the superstar. 
After all, Ada was a celebrity who was usually seen only at grand events like the Oscars. 
Nearly all the female celebrities could not resist sending admiring glances Justin’s way. Now that the annoying “gatekeeper ” Rosalind had fallen, numerous elite ladies and heiresses in Savrow were eyeing the coveted position of being the lady boss of Salvador Corporation. Justin was undeniably an eligible bachelor. 
Holding a glass of champagne in hand, Shannon and Bethany found themselves with gloomy expressions. Despite their position in the Salvador family, they had become mere figures in the background.
“Mom, we’re also part of the Salvador family. Why should we play second fiddle to Justin?” 
Bethany grumbled indignantly, and Shannon’s face grew tense. 
As the wife of the chairman of Salvador Corporation and a former movie star, Shannon had grown accustomed to a glamorous life. She could not tolerate being overlooked. 
Shannon quickly put on a fake smile, swaying her figure as she approached Justin and Ada. 
“Ms. Ada, I’ve heard so much about you. You truly live up to your reputation.” 
“This is…” Ada took a quick glance at Justin.
###chapter350
Chapter 350
“I am Shannon Quarry, wife of Chairman Gregory Salvador.” Shannon introduced herself with. a hint of arrogance, keeping her head high. 
“Justin, I don’t understand what she’s saying, but there’s no need to translate it for me. because I’m not interested in knowing who she is,” Ada replied, not bothering to look at Shannon, and continued chatting with Justin in French. 
Shannon only understood about a third of the conversation due to her limited proficiency in French. Just as she was about to introduce herself again in French, Justin smiled faintly and said to Ada, “That’s just my intention. There’s no need to introduce irrelevant people to you.” 
This statement completely baffled Shannon. However, at this moment, laughter erupted around them, and the surrounding conversations were crystal clear to her. 
“Wow… Ada dared to confront the wife of Chairman Salvador so directly! She’s really brave and bold! I thought she was just acting, but now I see that she’s genuinely being herself!” 
“Oh, this is hilarious! Ada Wang is from Meridan. She doesn’t care about the business politics in Savrow at all. How could she possibly care about the wife of Salvador Corporation’s chairman?” 
“Exactly! Shannon’s big talk won’t impress Ada!” 
Hearing the mocking comments, Shannon’s face turned red and then pale. The wrinkles around her eyes deepened. However, she was extremely concerned about her reputation and unwilling to swallow her pride. She put on a forced smile and said, “Ms. Ada, as you may know, our hotel and KS World Hotel have always been competitors. Your choice to attend our banquet tonight is a recognition of the Salvador Hotel. As the lady boss of Salvador Corporation, I feel extremely honored.’
Justin’s expression remained cool and distant. ‘The lady boss of Salvador Corporation? She certainly knew how to flatter herself.’ 
The atmosphere suddenly became awkward. Ian quickly translated Shannon’s words for Ada, hoping to stir up some trouble. 
“No, I think there’s a misunderstanding.” Ada shook her head after listening. “KS World Hotel and Salvador Hotel are both excellent establishments. I chose to attend this banquet tonight not because the Salvador Hotel is superior to the KS World Hotel, but because Justin has impressed me through his actions and charisma.” 
As these words were spoken, Shannon’s cheeks burned as if she had been slapped in the face. Ada Wang might have appeared haughty, but in reality, she was quite shrewd. If she had agreed with Shannon, it would mean that she admitted the Salvador Hotel’s superiority over the KS World Hotel. This would not only belittle KS World Hotel but also offend KS Group, one of the global Fortune 500 companies. 
This would leave Ada with no way out and force her to continue letting the Salvador Hotel host her wedding. Ada was not, that foolish to easily fall into this woman’s trap. 
In the slightly tense atmosphere, the doors of the banquet hall swung open. Zoe, dressed in a million- dollar Swarovski crystal-studded pink evening gown, walked in gracefully, resembling a floral fairy. 
“Is she Christian’s apprentice?” 
“She’s not just a pianist. She’s also the younger sister of Ryan Hoffman, heir of the Hoffman Group!” 
“Ryan’s younger sister?! Doesn’t that make her my future sister-in-law?!”
“Then who’s my future sister-in-law? Bethany? Ugh… I don’t really like that woman. She looks annoying.” 
On the other side, Bethany sneezed. 
Upon Zoe’s arrival, Bethany’s eyes scanned the scene like radar, eagerly searching for Ryan. However, her hopes were dashed. She felt that her relationship with Zoe was truly shallow. 
Zoe noticed that the attention of the crowd shifted from Ada Wang to her, and she couldn’t help but feel a surge of pride. In fact, she had worked hard to persuade Justin to let her play the piano, aiming to quickly gain fame in Savrow’s upper class and carve her own identity in the Hoffman family. 
She did not want people to associate the Hoffman family solely with her brother, Ryan. She aimed to be an undeniable presence. With a sweet smile, she walked toward Justin, lifting the hem of her dress. 
However, Justin’s indifferent gaze left her feeling uneasy. Suddenly, a sharp and steady click of high heels echoed from outside the door. 
It sounded so familiar to Justin. 
Justin’s heart tightened abruptly as his gaze fixed on the door without blinking. His breathing instantly became chaotic.
###chapter351
Chapter 351
Behind Zoe was the grand door to the banquet hall. From her perspective, it seemed like Justin’s gaze was fixated on her. 
“Justin.” Zoe’s eyes lit up with excitement as she approached him. 
Suddenly, a strong scent of roses filled the air-vibrant, bold, and a tad dangerous. 
Click, click, click! 
The sharp and forceful clicks of high heels passed by Zoe, making her heart race. The intense presence felt so overwhelming that she hesitated to even breathe. 
Everyone was stunned, especially Justin, who remained frozen in place. His ink-black pupils locked onto Bella’s cold and delicate face. 
Her eyebrows formed a picturesque arch, and her face bore the chill of frost. Only her lips, painted in fiery red, moved like flames, dancing restlessly on Justin’s heart. 
Bella’s tailored black suit bestowed upon her an understated elegance. Yet, with delicate features that couldn’t go unnoticed, she naturally stood out in the crowd. 
Those around her quickly engaged in discussions about Bella’s unexpected presence. Shannon and Bethany shuddered upon seeing the appearance of this uninvited guest. 
Suddenly, a low exclamation could be heard. 
“I know who she is! Several well-known magazines and websites interviewed her some time ago. She’s the daughter of Wyatt Thompson, chairman of the KS Group! She’s now the general manager of the
KS World Hotel.” 
“Yes, yes, yes! I remember now! Her name is Bella Thompson!” 
“Is she the one who has been challenging Mr. Salvador? This woman is stunning, but she doesn’t seem like an easy opponent.” 
“Just look at her sharp eyes. I can tell at a glance that she’s a strong career woman. She just exudes power and elegance, like a queen!” 
“Yeah, I think she and Mr. Salvador make a perfect match. Why be enemies when they could be a power couple?” 
When Justin heard these nonsensical words, his heart still simmered with undisclosed anger. Surprisingly, upon hearing the last sentence, his frown softened a bit. Inexplicably, that sounded pleasant to his ears. 
As Bella walked past Zoe and stole all the attention that belonged to her, Zoe’s anger reached a boiling point. The corners of her eyes turned scarlet, and she felt as if her soul had 
momentarily left her body. 
Yet, what stung Zoe even more was the fiery intensity in Justin’s gaze, which was fixed on Bella at that very moment. In her memory, his eyes were usually as somber as a deep pool. She had never witnessed him looking at a woman with such passion and desire. ‘Did he still harbor feelings for Bella? Could he be in love with her?’ 
“Ms. Wang, Mr. Salvador, I hope you don’t mind me showing up uninvited.” 
Bella stood before them with calm grace. Her red lips curled into a warm and soothing smile.
“Of course, I won’t mind if you join us, Ms. Thompson. I welcome your presence.” Justin responded with a hint of complexity, curling his lips slightly. “If I had known you were 
coming, I would have sent you an invitation too.” 
Bella, smiling with wide-open eyes, replied, “Why bother? Mr. Salvador, you should know that if I show up at this time, I’m definitely not here to attend the dinner.” 
Justin’s cold and handsome face suddenly darkened. 
Sweat dripped down Ian’s forehead, and he quickly took out his phone to message the security guards outside. 
[Ian: What’s going on?!] 
[Security: Sorry, Mr. Harris! We don’t know where Ms. Thompson came from…] 
[Ian: What kind of excuse is that?! Did she pop out from the ground?!] [Security: It’s our negligence. We’ll escort Ms. Thompson out right away!]
###chapter352
Chapter 352
[Ian: Are you out of your mind?! That lady is the daughter of Hatchbay’s wealthiest man, Wyatt Thompson. She’s also someone Mr. Salvador cares a lot about! If you dare touch her, Mr. Salvador will eat you alive! Pay more attention to the surroundings and report any issues. promptly!] 
“OMG!” 
Ada Wang suddenly covered her mouth in a gasp as her eyes brightened. “Ms. Thompson, the brooch you’re wearing on your chest… Is that Alexa’s creation, ‘The Twilight God’?” 
“Yes, it is. This brooch is indeed ‘The Twilight God’,” Bella replied with a smile. 
Due to Bella’s striking looks, everyone was busy watching her and did not notice the yellow- diamond brooch adorning her chest-“The Twilight God”. It won gold in the International Jewelry Design Competition. 
“Jewelry designed by Alexa?! Dazzling! I really want to touch it!” 
“Didn’t you read the news before? This brooch is valued at over a billion dollars! The 10-carat yellow diamond alone is worth tens of millions of dollars. It’s a dream treasure for countless jewelry collectors!” 
“This extravagance is expected of the daughter of Hatchbay’s richest man!” 
“That piece of jade on Shannon’s neck is also quite valuable, but it’s lacking compared to Alexa’s work.” 
Shannon was infuriated. She choked and stifled a cough. 
‘Lacking?!’
Gregory purchased this imperial green jadeite for Shannon. It was the most presentable piece. among all her jewelry, but those people dare say it was lacking?! 
In her heart, Shannon cursed Rosalind and the Gold family. If she had not paid off the Gold family’s debts, she would not have suffered such mockery tonight. 
“Ms. Thompson, I’ve always been searching for ‘The Twilight God’. Two years ago, after witnessing its charm at an exhibition, I just couldn’t forget about it. I never expected to find it in your possession!” Ada could not help but sigh with admiration. 
Zoe’s anger filled her chest. Her sharp gaze was like a dagger that almost pierced through Bella. 
She could not decide what to envy about this woman first-Bella’s beautiful features or the fact that she wore jewelry that even international superstars couldn’t obtain. Or perhaps Zoe envied the intense gaze from Justin that Bella received. 
“Two years ago, I was at a low point in my life and couldn’t get over the grief, so I thought about buying some jewelry as a pick-me-up.” 
Bella gently smiled and said nonchalantly, “Coincidentally, I saw this piece at the exhibition and fell in love with it the moment I saw it. My bad mood was instantly healed. So I bought it without hesitation.”/ 
Her words stirred Justin’s heart and lungs like a knife, to the point he dared not look into 
Bella’s bright eyes. 
Two years ago was precisely when he was busy running around for Rosalind, creating “The Flaming Heart’. 
Whatever Rosalind desired, Justin would eagerly present it to her as a surprise, even if she did not ask for it.
Yet Justin remained indifferent to whatever Bella desired. 
Justin continued to gaze deeply at Bella, but she never spared him more than a glance. 
It seemed that she still resented him. 
Her resentment toward him meant that she had not gotten over him. 
“Jewelry personally designed by Alexa is something you can’t buy with money!” 
Ada looked at Bella with admiration and said, “This is evident that you must be passionate about charity and public welfare, Ms. Thompson.” 
Bella smiled gracefully, lowered her gaze, and took off the expensive ‘Twilight God’ from her chest. She pulled a silk handkerchief from her pocket, placed the brooch in her palm, and offered it to Ada with both hands. 
“Ms. Thompson, what are you doing?” 
“I think ‘The Twilight God’ suits your heroic and unquestionable temperament better, Ms. Wang. I hope you don’t mind me gifting this brooch to you at our first meeting.” 
Shock and astonishment spread among the crowd. 
Bethany, Shannon, and Zoe gaped in disbelief. 
This was jewelry worth millions of dollars, yet Bella did not even flinch when she gave it away casually. 
Only a crazy rich person would do this! 
Justin tightly pursed his lips together. The palm of his clenched fist oozed sweat.
‘Bella, what kind of trick are you playing this time?!’
###chapter353
Chapter 353
Ada felt a surge of surprise and excitement, almost at a loss for words! She had pleaded with everyone she knew to help her get a piece of jewelry designed by Alexa, but so far, nothing has 
worked out. 
In a surprising turn of events, Bella presented her with Alexa’s brooch as a gift. Thus, Ada was thrilled. 
“No, no, no… Ms. Thompson, I appreciate your kindness, but this gift is too precious. I really can’t accept it,” Ada expressed. Despite genuinely liking it, she hesitated out of pride and politely declined. 
“The brooch once consoled my wounded soul, but now I have completely emerged from the shadows, and in the future, I will never tread the same path again.” 
Bella smiled lightly, her gaze incredibly resolute. “So, this gift is more of a beautiful wish. It once helped me overcome my sadness, and I hope this little thing will bring you the best of luck in the future.” 
Justin’s pupils contracted. He felt a piercing pain, as if his chest had been struck. His heart ached and went numb. 
The fleeting hidden joy from moments ago was ruthlessly extinguished by Bella with a bucket of icy water, chilling to the core. 
“Oh! Well then… Ms. Thompson, I’ll accept your generous gift. Thank you so much! I really appreciate it.” Ada exclaimed, cradling the brooch that Bella had once again bestowed with sacred value. Her grin was so wide that she could not close her mouth. 
Goodness, was this still the aloof international superstar? What a drastic transformation!
“Why?!” Bethany could not contain her anger as she turned to Shannon and said, “Mom, our family has spent a fortune to set up this stage. Why should we let this wretched woman show off here? It’s just a worthless brooch. We can afford to give her the same! You should think of a solution to get that bitch out of here!” 
“A solution? Why should I bother coming up with a solution?” 
Shannon’s eyes darkened as her lips curled into a sinister smile. “Bella is a jinx. Just now, that bastard used Ada to mock me. Now, he’s getting what he deserves.” 
Though Bethany felt annoyed, she could not help but be suspicious. 
Before the divorce, Bella used to be terrified of Justin, like a startled bird. A slight furrow in his brows would make her feel troubled for days. Now, after the divorce, it seemed like she had completely turned the tables, toying with Justin at her fingertips. 
If Bella had displayed this skill earlier, Rosalind might not even be in the picture. 
“Ms. Bella Thompson!” 
Zoe finally became indignant, thinking herself righteous as she stepped in front of Bella. With a fake smile, she said, “Of all the times you could present Ms. Wang with your gift, why choose tonight at the Salvadors’ welcoming banquet? Are you trying to steal the limelight?” 
When Justin saw Zoe unnecessarily defending him, his eyes darkened. 
“If presenting a gift is stealing the limelight from Mr. Salvador, I think that you might be underestimating Mr. Salvador’s charm, Ms. Hoffman.” 
Bella narrowed her beautiful eyes. “The Salvadors are the hosts of this welcoming banquet. Mr. Salvador is right here to witness everything, and he hasn’t ed to anything. Ms. Hoffman, don’t you
think that you are overstepping your boundaries as a guest?” 
Zoe was so enraged that her eyes seemed ready to spew fire, but with so many people watching, she could not afford to lose her composure. 
Bella let out a faint sigh and said apologetically to Ada, “Ms. Wang, it seems I’m not very welcome here, and I understand completely. After all, Salvador Corporation and KS Group have always been business rivals. My appearance is indeed abrupt. Since I’ve delivered my gift, I won’t intrude any longer. I’ll take my leave now.” 
With that, she turned to leave. 
“Ms. Thompson, wait!” Ada hurriedly approached Bella. “I would like to have an in-depth discussion with you about Alexa Jewelry. Do you have time tonight?” 
“Of course. KS World Hotel has prepared exquisite Savrow cuisine and fine wine for you, Ms. Wang. Why don’t we chat over dinner?” Bella replied. 
The crowd was stunned. Bella Thompson’s audacity was astonishing. She was openly poaching the star of the show at the Salvadors’ event! 
Justin felt a pang in his chest. Just as he was about to stop Ada, Ada happened to glance at him and offer him a slightly apologetic smile. “Mr. Salvador, I have some unexpected matters to attend to, so I’m afraid I have to leave early tonight. I wish you all a pleasant time ahead.” 
Everyone was dumbfounded. 
Was that all Ada had to say?! This woman, just as rumored, only did as she pleased.
“Mr. Salvador, I don’t mind arranging another seat at the table for you. Would you like to join the feast?” Bella smiled and extended an invitation to Justin, but there was no hint of warmth in her eyes. 
Justin clenched his teeth, his heart pounding against his ribs. Just as he was about to say something, Bella suddenly laughed. “Well, with so many guests here tonight, it seems you already have your hands full, Mr. Salvador. Perhaps next time, if there’s a chance.”
###chapter354
Chapter 354
In front of all the attendees, Bella left the banquet hall with Ada Wang as if they were long- lost friends. The entire venue fell into an awkward and suffocating silence. 
Justin stared intensely at Bella’s delicate figure with red 
eyes. 
Last time, she snatched his project. This time, she snatched his guest. 
He thought, ‘Bella, you’re not at all like a wealthy heiress, but rather like a bandit who forcefully takes what she wants! You’re really something!’ 
Justin instinctively covered his chest, feeling an emptiness inside, as if Bella had also taken something on the inside. 
At the entrance of the Salvador Hotel, a few reporters remained gathered. 
Logically, Ada would have already checked in, and after the banquet, she should have gone straight back to the presidential suite to rest. These reporters waiting here seemed to be wasting their time and should have gone home long ago. 
However, the number of reporters did not seem much less than before the banquet started, which was unusual. The reason being that these reporters were all tipped by Steven under the pretext of “a guarantee of shocking news”. 
Some reporters had become impatient and complained about waiting. 
“Why are we waiting here in this freezing weather? What other big story could happen tonight?”
“I guess KS Group isn’t going to give up and wants to make some last-ditch effort.” 
“What can they do if they don’t give up? This is Savrow, not Hatchbay. A foreign behemoth can’t necessarily suppress a local top dog. Anyway, the Salvador family is the top dog in Savrow, and KS Group is just an outsider. They’re bound to face difficulties. Moreover, how could Bella Thompson compete with Mr. Salvador?” 
“Tsk, you’re spot on! Mr. Salvador might be a fool in matters of the heart, but in business, he’s top- notch. KS Group can’t hold a candle to Salvador Corporation in Savrow!” 
Suddenly, a loud honk startled everyone. The reporters turned to look in the direction of the headlights, only to see a dark green, top-of-the-line Rolls-Royce slowly approaching. It smoothly came to a halt in front of the hotel entrance. 
Seeing this fancy car, the reporters thought another celebrity had arrived and began vigorously taking photos. 
When the car door opened, Steven, dressed in a well-fitted suit, descended. The flashes abruptly stopped, leaving the journalists disappointed. Although this man was quite handsome, good looks alone couldn’t make headlines. 
“Ah! Ada Wang! Ada Wang is coming out!” Someone in the crowd shouted. The reporters’ attention once again focused on the hotel entrance. 
Steven had opened the door to the backseat. His gaze was focused in the same direction 
everyone else was staring. 
Bella and Ada strolled side-by-side as the camera flashes became frantic. 
“What?! Ada Wang left the Salvadors’ party for Bella?!”
“The banquet hasn’t even started yet, but their guest of honor has already been stolen away. Mr. Salvador must be so embarrassed!” 
“OMG! This is a huge headline! The competition between Salvador Corporation and KS Group is truly sensational. Hurry, take pictures!” 
The flashes turned the night into day. Tonight, the spotlight on the Salvador Hotel completely shifted to Bella. 
The trending topic online had quickly changed from #AdaWangCheckingInAtSalvadorHotel to #BellaThompsonWithAdaWang. 
Just as Bella was about to get into the car, a reporter loudly asked a pointed question. 
“Ms. Thompson! You’re taking away Mr. Salvador’s distinguished guest so openly. Isn’t this unethical interception?” 
Bella paused. Her sharp and fierce gaze lifted and instantly intimidated the reporter who had asked the question. Although she looked demure, she was actually quite imposing. 
“Just because Ms. Wang chooses to stay at the Salvador Hotel doesn’t mean I can’t invite her to dinner.” Bella smiled and continued, “Mr. Salvador is magnanimous and open-minded. He has shown no ion to this, so you all speculating about this just makes it seem like he’s quite petty, doesn’t it?” 
With that, Bella entered the car. The Rolls-Royce’s engine roared to life and left everyone in the dust.
###chapter355
Chapter 355
At the ballroom, the banquet proceeded. However, Ada Wang’s departure with Bella somewhat dampened the guests’ enthusiasm. 
Initially, Zoe had dressed extravagantly to showcase her talents in front of an international superstar. Now, with Ada gone, she had no stage to perform on, and all her preparations were 
in vain. 
‘This is all Bella’s fault!’ Zoe thought. 
Outside the banquet hall, Justin stood by the French windows, an icy aura emanating from him like a frozen sculpture. He stared intensely in the direction the Rolls-Royce departed. Breathing heavily, his fists clenched tightly in the shadows. 
“Mr. Salvador, I hate to say it, but it seems like we have been outplayed by Ms. Thompson,” Ian said cautiously as he wiped the sweat from his brow. “The trending topics now are all about KS Group. Plus, the news of Ms. Thompson taking Ada Wang away has already spread. Even the chairman knows about it.” 
“Now, everyone is questioning the Salvador Hotel, saying we should not have taken on something beyond our capabilities and doubting whether the overall standard of our hotel has declined,” Ian continued. 
The anticipated outcome of Bella’s clever move had come to fruition. Bella’s strategy left her opponent with no breathing room. 
Justin gazed wistfully at the tail lights of the Rolls-Royce until they were no longer visible. He asked in a hoarse voice, “Why the sudden change? Weren’t you used to calling her ‘Young Madam’?”
Ian took in a sharp breath, looking a bit flustered. “I call her ‘Ms. Thompson’ because she’s bullying you… ‘Young Madam’ is reserved for when she’s not bullying you.” 
“It’s just a title. Call her what you want.” 
Justin sighed. His gaze deepened. “Besides, I’m not really upset. Bella has always been like this, hasn’t she?” 
Ian was surprised. Every time Justin faced off with Bella, Justin always gritted his teeth in anger. This time, why was he so calm after such a significant incident? 
Ian thought, ‘Does Mr. Salvador have some hidden masochistic tendency?’ 
“Every guest needed an invitation to enter the banquet hall, and the hotel had strict security surveillance. How did Bella manage to get in?” Justin could not help but feel curious. 
“Um… I heard that just before the Young Madam entered, there was a brief malfunction in the surveillance system. But the hotel’s network equipment was serviced a few days ago, so it couldn’t have gone bad so quickly. We suspect it might be a hacker attack or some kind of virus.” 
“A hacker?” Justin frowned. 
Justin thought, ‘Could Bella have been behind this too? Did she have that capability? Or had her brother, once again, played a part in making things worse?’ 
“Justin!” A sweet voice disrupted Justin’s thoughts. Seeing Zoe rush toward him, he frowned even harder. His mood did not improve, even when he turned to face her. 
“Bella is outrageous! How dare she take Ada away in front of you? It’s almost like she wants to humiliate you. She clearly doesn’t have any regard for you!” Zoe stomped her foot and took the opportunity to vent her frustration about Bella.
She understood that men, especially those with high status like Justin, were sensitive about their reputation. They couldn’t tolerate anyone challenging their authority. 
However, Justin’s response drained the color from her face. 
“You just met her yesterday, so you don’t understand her. Bella has always been like this. She never really cared about my position.” 
“Justin, what are you saying…?” 
“It doesn’t matter to me. I don’t mind it at all.” 
Justin turned to look at Zoe coldly, a hint of displeasure in his eyes. “Ms. Hoffman, I find your actions tonight rather puzzling.” 
The two words ‘Ms. Hoffman’ felt like iron rods stabbing her heart, rendering her almost immobile. Justin felt so distant from her. 
Was he trying to distance himself from her?! 
“This is the Salvadors’ banquet, and I am present. Regardless, you shouldn’t have been the one standing up for the Salvadors.” 
“But Justin, I was just trying to help you out!” 
Zoe’s anxiousness almost made her voice tremble. She clutched Justin’s arm. “Are we really going to let that wicked woman run wild at your banquet, let her take away your guest, and turn the Salvadors into a joke in Savrow? She’s too arrogant. Why does she think she can act so recklessly? Just because she’s your ex-wife?!” 
As her words trailed off, Zoe panicked, realizing she might have said too much.
Sure enough, Justin’s brow twitched. “I’ve been married. That’s not a secret. But who told you that Bella is my ex-wife?” 
“Ryan did!” Zoe lied, her voice sounding strained. 
“Bethany told you, right?” 
Zoe did not dare answer and bit down on her lips.
###chapter356
Chapter 356
“That is Bella and my private matters. No one else has the right to interfere. She’s started a new life, so please stop bringing up her past connection to me,” Justin said sternly. 
Zoe’s heartbeat pounded like a drum, resentment building. The undertone of Justin’s words. was clearly speaking in defense of Bella. ‘He was protecting her privacy, wasn’t he?’ 
“Ada Wang has left. If you don’t want to perform for the guests tonight, I can send you home. at any time.” 
Justin looked away from Zoe’s pale face, pulled back his arm, and left without as much as a second glance. Ian clicked his tongue twice, contemptuously stealing a glance at Zoe. He could not help but wonder if this girl with a sharp tongue was really Ryan’s younger sister. Somehow, she seemed a bit irritating, almost like she was asking for trouble. 
“Justin! Justin! Justin Salvador!” 
The first two calls went unanswered. Justin did not stop until Zoe used his full name. 
“Are you defending Bella because you’ve fallen in love with her? Are you still not over her?” Her voice trembled with anger. 
“No, I don’t love her,” Justin replied without hesitation, as if he were afraid that even the slightest delay would reveal some truth he was not aware of. 
“Then why do you keep speaking up for her? She doesn’t love you. She toyed with you, took what belongs to you, and then ruined the banquet you’ve worked hard to arrange!”
“She’s rotten to the core! She’s caused nothing but harm to you. Why do you side with her?” Zoe’s voice became increasingly hysterical as she spoke. 
She did not have Rosalind’s skill at disguising her emotions. After all, being the cherished daughter of the Hoffman family, Zoe had always gotten whatever she desired. So, she spoke her mind and did as she pleased. Now, for the first time, she had a taste of frustration. 
The closer she tried to get to Justin, the more he seemed to retreat, distancing himself from her. When he turned to look at her, his gaze was almost devoid of any warmth. 
“You’ve never been married. You probably don’t understand the respect that couples have for each other. Bella was my wife once, so I showed her mercy. What’s the problem with that?” His words pierced through Zoe like an arrow to the heart. 
“Even if I don’t love her, she was once my wife. I’m the only one who can speak poorly of her. No one else has that right.” 
Cold rain began to fall from the night sky. Carrie sneaked out of Tideview Manor, holding a small teddy bear close to her chest. She walked in the wind and rain before finally hailing a taxi. 
By the time she made it to the Salvador Hotel, Carrie’s thin white cotton dress was already soaked. However, the little bear in her arms remained perfectly dry, untouched by the rain. 
Suffering from severe social anxiety, Carrie dared not enter through the front door and could only sneak in through the back door of her family’s hotel. 
Carrie avoided all the elegantly dressed guests, fidgeting as she hurriedly walked through the corridor. 
“Stop right there!” Carrie abruptly halted, her heart pounding in her chest. Despite being Gregory Salvador’s youngest daughter, at that moment, she felt like a thief.
Two patrolling bodyguards approached, disdainfully scrutinizing Carrie for her disheveled appearance and plain clothing. 
“This hotel is hosting an important banquet tonight. Stay away!” 
“I… I want to see Ada Wang… Please, let me see her. Just one look, and I’ll leave!” Carrie pleaded pitifully. 
“No! You’re not allowed to enter without an invitation. Hurry up and leave!” The bodyguard said harshly, reaching out to shoo her away. 
“Look around you! Do you think this is a place for poor students like you? Hurry up and get lost!” 
Carrie truly liked Ada Wang, so she was extremely determined. Whatever she set her mind to, she would do it, no matter how difficult. Gritting her teeth, Carrie hugged the teddy bear tightly, took a few steps back, and rammed into the bodyguard. 
“Ah!” The fragile Carrie was caught by the burly bodyguard. He flung her, along with the teddy bear, away. Carrie closed her eyes and braced for impact, but she did not fall to the ground. 
Instead, she landed in a firm and familiar embrace.
###chapter357
Chapter 357
Carrie’s little face paled as her entire body flew straight into the man’s arms. Ryan lowered his eyes, feeling a coolness in his chest. His long lashes trembled slightly. 
The dampness from her body blended with his warm skin through his thin black shirt. His breath grew heavy as his arms instinctively tightened around her. 
“Carrie?” Ryan called to her in a low and hoarse voice. 
Carrie tightly shut her eyes, clutching his smooth lapel and not saying a word. 
Ryan could not help but suppress a chuckle. He softly inquired, “Did I hurt you?” 
She rested her forehead against his chest and shook her head. 
A sense of pity welled up in his heart. 
The two security guards, upon witnessing Ryan’s grand arrival, immediately straightened up. They hurriedly bowed respectfully and greeted, “Good evening, Mr. Hoffman!” 
“What was the meaning of that?” Ryan asked in a lazy tone, still holding Carrie.. 
“Ah, it’s nothing, just a minor issue.” The security guard, who was previously rude toward Carrie, now smiled with great enthusiasm. “This young lady is a fan of Ms. Ada Wang, and she insisted on entering without an invitation. We tried to persuade her, but she wouldn’t listen, so…” 
“So, you resorted to brute force?” Ryan scowled. 
“Well, not exactly. We were just doing our job by keeping her out.” The bodyguard evaded the question, not willing to admit they had bullied a young girl.
Ryan smirked, then whispered softly into Carrie’s ear, “Do you want me to help you settle the score?” 
Carrie, still not daring to look at Ryan, nodded slightly but quickly shook her head. 
Ryan gave a slight smile as his right hand slipped into his wine-red velvet suit, retrieving his phone to dial Justin’s number. 
“Hey Justin, can I deal with your employees?” Upon hearing that, the two bodyguards exchanged confused glances. 
Ryan slowly moved his hand to the back of Carrie’s neck, gently stroking her damp hair. ” Good, I’ll handle it then.” 
After ending the call, Ryan steadied Carrie on her feet and raised his hand, gesturing forward. 
Suddenly, the well-trained bodyguards from the Hoffman family stepped forward, surrounding the two confused Salvador Hotel bodyguards. 
Carrie, unaware of what was happening, stared blankly as Ryan put his hand into his pocket. With a blank expression, he walked into the circle as the Hoffman bodyguards closed in around him, obscuring him from view. 
“Ah-!” 
“Oof-!” 
The Hoffman bodyguards formed a seamless and impenetrable barrier, so Carrie could not see what Ryan was doing, but she could hear screams that made her shudder. 
After what felt like a lifetime, Ryan finally stopped and coldly glared at the two battered men kneeling before him. He took a handkerchief from a bodyguard and casually wiped the blood off his hands.
“If you can’t even recognize Ms. Salvador, then what’s the point of keeping your eyes?” 
The two terrified bodyguards trembled as they looked toward Carrie. Then, in unison, they bowed in front of Carrie with their heads touching the floor. 
“Ms. Salvador, forgive us! Forgive us, please! We’ve been ignorant! Please spare us!” 
In Savrow, everyone knew that the Hoffman family was involved in both legal and shady dealings. Offending the Hoffman family meant a bleak future in Savrow. 
“I’ll take care of this small matter. There’s no need to trouble your boss,” Ryan declared. 
His eyes still held a hint of amusement as he casually tossed the soiled handkerchief onto their faces. “Leave Salvador Corporation and get out of Savrow. If my people catch sight of you in this territory again, you won’t be leaving with your limbs attached.” 
“Thank you! Thank you, Mr. Hoffman! Thank you!” 
The two men were escorted out by the Hoffman bodyguards, who sobbed and thanked Ryan profusely. Carrie pressed her lips together, standing timidly in place. 
Ryan approached her again, bending down to meet her eyes with a mischievous look on his face. “Carrie, you’re quite mysterious. Even your family’s employees didn’t recognize you.’ “Did you have to go that far?” Carrie murmured softly, taking a small step back.
###chapter358
Chapter 358
“Did I push it too far?” Ryan questioned, his eyes narrowing. 
Carrie glanced downward and nodded in response. 
“Well, I still think it wasn’t sufficient.” 
Observing her pitiable expression, Ryan couldn’t help but pat her head. “You’re Justin’s sister, and they were mistreating you! Of course, I had to stand up for you. That was me being gentle because I didn’t want to frighten you.” 
‘So warm. So comforting.’ Carrie, feeling the warmth of Ryan’s hand on her head, could not resist shrugging her shoulders and purring like a kitten. 
Coincidentally, Bethany walked out of the banquet hall and witnessed the entire incident. She never expected her usually obedient sister to come all the way here.” 
Bethany thought, ‘That little slut! I turn my back for a moment, and she’s already trying to seduce my man. How audacious!’ 
Bethany, furious and wide-eyed, took a step forward but hesitated when she noticed Ryan still present. She did not want to act impulsively and risk further alienating her crush. After all, she had picked up a few tricks after spending all that time with Rosalind. At the very least, she was more composed than before. Thus, she hid in the shadows and observed them. 
Ryan noticed Bethany’s damp hair and the mud-spattered white dress. He removed his luxurious red velvet suit and draped it over Carrie’s slender shoulders. Bethany gritted her teeth, seething with jealousy at the sight of Ryan’s caring gesture toward that fool. Her face was twisted with jealousy.
“Why are you in such a state? Didn’t your driver bring you here?” Ryan inquired with concern. “I came here secretly. No one knows,” Carrie replied honestly. 
“Secretly?” Ryan frowned, perplexed. 
“Sir…” 
Carrie did not know Ryan’s name, nor did she remember the passionate kisses under the starry sky that night on Nigel’s birthday. 
“Carrie, my name is Ryan Hoffman. I’m your brother’s best friend.” 
Ryan’s smile deepened. “You can call me Ryan.” 
‘Ryan… Ryan?!’ 
Carrie recalled Bethany’s threats and abuse, every word circling this man’s name. ‘Is he that Ryan?!’ 
Fear struck her like lightning, but Ryan remained oblivious to her unease. Instead, he firmly held her cold hand and smiled. “I’ll get someone to bring you a change of clothes.” 
“No, No need…” 
“Don’t be shy with me. Your brother and I are best friends, so his sister is like my sister. Come on, let me find someone to help you change.” 
Ryan guided her forward, still holding her hand. 
‘Ryan… Ryan.’
Carrie was not naive. Being led by an unfamiliar man made her uncomfortable, yet she did not. dare to resist. 
She tightened her hand in his palm and asked, “Do you treat my sister the same way you treat me? She’s also Justin’s sister…” 
“Bethany? Is she worth it?’ Ryan thought. 
“No.” Ryan lowered his gaze, looking at her intently with a bright smile. “I’m only like this with you.” 
Bethany heard every word and felt ready to explode. Her gaze turned into knives, slicing through Carrie.
###chapter359
Chapter 359
Ryan booked a presidential suite at the hotel and instructed his female secretary to swiftly purchase a discreet evening gown for Carrie to change into as soon as possible. 
As Carrie entered the room to change, he remained seated on the sofa, crossing his legs and tapping on his knee. If he had opted for a black suit for the evening, he might have resembled a groom patiently awaiting his bride to try on wedding dresses. 
Before long, the door opened. 
The secretary warmly smiled as Carrie shyly emerged from the room. “Mr. Hoffman, Ms. Salvador is ready.” 
Ryan lazily turned his head and observed Carrie approaching him hesitantly, elegantly dressed in a wine-red lace evening gown. Her eyes sparkled with innocence, subtly tinged with a hint of confusion. 
He was momentarily taken aback, and his gaze subtly deepened. 
In Ryan’s world of extravagance and debauchery, he had encountered a myriad of women, but never before had he beheld eyes so untainted. 
Ryan’s gaze appeared to linger for a moment too long, staining her innocent eyes. 
“Tsk, why did you choose such an old-fashioned color? She’s so young! Shouldn’t she wear something more youthful?” Ryan chastised his secretary, though his gaze was fixed on Carrie’s face. “You’ve been with me for so long. Why is your taste still so unrefined?” 
The secretary knew that Ryan was seemingly laid-back but meticulous about the smallest details. She blushed shyly and was about to apologize.
Carrie spoke candidly. “Ryan, I really like this color, but red doesn’t suit you at all. It makes you look dark…” 
The female secretary behind Carrie looked visibly startled. 
Ryan’s expression darkened at that moment. Apart from Bella, no woman had dared to openly critique him in such a manner. 
Truth be told, he was confident in his looks and considered himself second to none. 
nationwide. Only Justin dared to claim the top spot! 
“Considering you’re Justin’s little sister, I’ll let it slide,” Ryan admitted, feeling uneasy. His voice was slightly stiff. 
“Ryan, are you angry?” Carrie asked, genuinely concerned. 
Feeling a bit flustered, Carrie timidly continued, “So, if I were to say that you look like a ball of coal in red, would you scold me or hit me?” 
The female secretary could no longer contain herself and covered her mouth before bursting into laughter. 
Ryan, the heartthrob of countless women, had been dubbed a ball of coal in the eyes of this girl. How audacious of her! 
Ryan widened his eyes, struggling to catch his breath. He was so furious that he almost choked. 
He approached Carrie calmly, his tall figure casting a shadow over her. It made her and her teddy bear seem small and helpless.
Bending down slowly, he raised his hand. Carrie instinctively closed her eyes and tightened her grip on the teddy bear. 
A gentle smile spread across Ryan’s lips, and he lightly flicked her forehead with his fingertips. “You’re right. I’m going to hit you. Did that hurt?” 
“Uh…” Carrie rubbed her forehead with her hand and shook her head. 
“Next time, if you dare mock me again, I won’t go easy on you,” Ryan playfully scolded, as if teasing a child. 
The chaos caused by Bella required Justin to step out and handle it. Thus, he left the banquet in Ian’s capable hands and temporarily left the hotel. 
With Ada Wang taken away by Bella and Justin absent, Zoe felt her carefully laid-out plans fall apart. Frustrated, she downed two glasses of wine. Then, with an annoyed huff, she walked up to the stage and sat at the piano. 
Initially, the guests were engaged in casual conversation, paying no attention to this resentful woman. Suddenly- 
A loud “clang” echoed as Zoe angrily pressed down on the piano keys, startling everyone. All eyes turned to the stage, some with frowns on their faces.
###chapter360
Chapter 360
“What’s going on?” 
“Yeah, seriously. How can she behave so rudely? Doesn’t she have any manners?” 
Zoe Hoffman was indeed arrogant, unruly, and spoiled. The more she thought about Justin’s words, the more furious she became. She did not care about the occasion and just wanted to throw a tantrum. 
However, she was surrounded by Savrow’s upper society at the moment. Being a Hoffman, Zoe should not disregard her image. 
Thus, she gritted her teeth, feigned composure, and coughed lightly. Then, she skillfully began to play Beethoven’s Symphony No. 5 in C minor to ease the awkwardness. 
Zoe was a top student at the Royal Academy of Music in Inalia. With her agile fingers, the piano piece flowed with delight, and accompanying it was the release of her fluctuating emotions. The audience was immersed in the music, forgetting her earlier gaffe. Bethany, holding her long gown, stormed back into the banquet hall. She returned to Shannon’s side. “Mom! Carrie is here!” 
Shannon was surprised. “What? Where?” 
“I just saw her with Mr. Hoffman. He even patted her head and gave her his own jacket!” 
Bethany’s eyes were bloodshot and were about to shed tears. “Mom, do you really think Carrie is a fool? She’s sharp, but she pretends to be innocent to deceive us. She’s set her sights on Mr. Hoffman from the start! Why is she so despicable?!” 
“You’re a fool. Did you throw away all the etiquette and ladylike qualities you learned in elementary school?” Shannon frowned, discreetly pinching her. “Carrie is your sister! You’re both my daughters, so
don’t speak ill of her in the future!” 
Bethany was infuriated. Trembling with anger, she bit her lip and remained silent. 
She felt that Shannon’s words were not necessarily in defense of Carrie but rather a refusal to admit she had given birth to an autistic daughter. 
“Mom, what should I do?” Bethany anxiously asked, clutching Shannon’s arm. “I finally got Bella to break up with Ryan, and now my sister is coming to undermine me! He doesn’t like me much to begin with, and now there’s even less hope for me to marry into the Hoffman family!” 
“Don’t worry, Carrie won’t get in your way. I think you’ve misunderstood her. She wouldn’t have such intentions. Later, go call Ian and ask him to quickly send someone to find Carrie and bring her back.” Shannon did not really see this as a serious matter. After all, she had tight control over her daughters for so many years. 
Carrie’s mental state made it challenging for her to marry well. However, Shannon was determined to present her in the best light and find her a match from a higher social class. Ideally, this would also benefit Shannon, ensuring her efforts in raising her seemingly foolish daughter were not in vain. 
“Ms. Hoffman doesn’t seem to have a good temper,” Shannon remarked casually as she 
watched Zoe passionately play the piano on stage. 
“Mom, honestly, her temper stinks like a pile of crap!” Bethany, no longer pretending in front of her mother, whispered, “Compared to Rosalind, she’s far worse. She’s like a powder keg, ready to explode at any moment!” 
“Good,” Shannon said, as she gazed at Zoe on the stage with cold eyes. 
“Good?” Bethany questioned. “What’s ‘good’ about this?”
“People with a strong temper and outward emotions tend to be less cunning. They’re easier to manipulate. Plus, Zoe only wants to be Justin’s wife. She’s been pampered since she was young and lacks nothing. She has a simple mindset and is just a bit possessive,” Shannon explained, coldly snorting. “On the other hand, someone like Rosalind, who sweet-talks you while harboring deceit, is much harder to deal with.” 
As Shannon spoke, the heavy doors of the banquet hall were pushed open. 
Zoe was immersed in her own piano performance, completely unaware that the guests’ attention had shifted away from her toward the entrance. Carrie, under the protection of Ryan’s bodyguards, walked in hesitantly with her head lowered. 
“Oh, my! Who’s the petite lady beside Mr. Hoffman? Why have I never seen her before?” Some gossip- loving elite women observed Carrie and murmured to each other. 
“Probably a new love interest. After all, Mr. Hoffman changes women like he changes his clothes. I heard the longest a woman stayed by his side was a month, and nobody has broken that record yet.’ 
“She’s quite pretty, but I remember Mr. Hoffman always prefers the sexy and glamorous type. She seems different from his usual taste…” 
“Personally, I think this girl is more beautiful than Zoe Hoffman on the stage and definitely better- looking than Bethany Salvador. You men not only lack Mr. Hoffman’s wealth, but you also lack his taste. The lady by Mr. Hoffman’s side is a top-quality gem, not some fake!” 
“Now that I think about it, Mr. Hoffman’s taste in women is definitely much better than Mr. Salvador’s. This young lady looks quite honest. She definitely won’t be cheating on Mr. Hoffman…”
Bethany, hearing the discussions about Ryan and Carrie, turned red in anger. Her gums even hurt from clenching her teeth too hard. Meanwhile, Shannon’s expression had turned to disdain.
###chapter361
“What did I tell you, Mom? I told you they were more than friends. Carrie is trying to get in my way!” Bethany complained. 
Bethany was jealous because Ryan dressed Carrie in a fancy red gown. Even without makeup, Carrie glowed. 
To make matters worse, Carrie’s evening gown sported the same 
burgundy color as Ryan’s tuxedo, making them appear to be a perfect 
match. 
Under the spotlight, they stood alongside each other like newlyweds. All eyes were on them. 
Bethany found her purple gown to be a painful joke. 
The color would never go well with burgundy. 
“I gave birth to Carrie. I know the type of person she is.” 
Shannon had a deeper perspective that extended beyond Bethany’s surface-level understanding. “Carrie might be 22 years old, but she has the mind of a 12-year-old. She lacks the capacity to date a man, 
let alone steal your man.” 
While Shannon’s comment was comforting, Bethany still found 
herself furious.
“I think you have bigger problems on your plate than you realize. Ryan 
has never shown you any attention. After your grandfather’s birthday 
celebration, Ryan is probably feeling repulsed by you because you 
wanted to pursue something more with him by using underhanded 
means Since he knows Carrie is your sister, he’s 
likely 
befriending her to get on your nerves and kill any chances of anything developing between you two.” 
“W What? 
Bethany was flustered. “What should I do now? Does that mean I’ll 
never get to marry him?” 
“Don’t get yourself worked up. You need to work with Zoe to get her help in getting closer to Ryan. You need to change your attitude and be patient. Since Ryan is nice to Carrie, you need to be extra nice to her too. Change Ryan’s opinion of you and let him see your kind side. Get it?” Shannon uttered somberly as she strategized for her 
daughter. 
“Fine,” Bethany replied grumpily. 
Carrie’s eyes lit up at the thought of meeting her idol tonight. She 
scanned the place for Ada Wang.
Her gaze fell on the stage where Zoe was playing the piano. She froze as the color drained from her face, her expression turning ashen and 
lifeless. 
Her slender legs shook under her gown. 
The painful memories of her childhood washed over her, drowning 
her in despair. 
-“Hahahaha ! Who would want to be friends with an idiot like you? 
Why would you think that?” 
-“Dump her into the trash can. That’s where trash belongs.” 
-“Cut her hair off. I hate girls with better hair than me in school.” 
-“It’s no wonder Chairman Salvador and Madam Shannon hate you. Your sister doesn’t like you either. It’s unbelievable that you call yourself a Salvador. You’re the family’s disgrace.” 
Carrie thought, ‘I’m a disgrace…’ 
Zoe focused on playing the piano on stage, oblivious to that resentful and terrified gaze in the audience. 
With her eyes welling up, Carrie clutched to her teddy and backed up 
in a cold sweat. 
Suddenly, Ryan grabbed her arm.
“What’s the matter, Carrié? Are you shy? Didn’t you want to see Ada Wang and get her autograph? Come on. I’ll take you to her.” 
To his surprise, Carrie shook his arm off and ran for the door without looking back. 
“Carrie! Where are you going?” 
Ryan was astonished and concerned that she might encounter 
trouble venturing out alone in the dark, so he followed her. 
Bethany was furious to watch the whole scene unfold. 
Despite Shannon’s advice to remain calm, Bethany could not stand to 
see Ryan so worried about the dummy. 
Terrorized by fear, Carrie recklessly sprinted out of the hotel and tried 
to cross the road tearfully. 
Moments earlier, she was dying to meet Ada. She often locked 
herself in her room for countless lonely nights, immersing herself in 
films. 
Carrie was a big fan of Ada’s films. Ada would play heroines who could do anything and always stood up for justice. Carrie always got a kick of adrenaline watching the films, and it was almost as if Ada was fulfilling her biggest wish for her. 
However, in reality, Carrie desperately wanted to flee as far as she
could when she saw Zoe. 
“You’re a burden that nobody wants, loser!” 
The mocking words and harsh criticisms clung to Carrie like shadows, never leaving her alone.
###chapter362
“Honk! Honk! Honk!” 
A car beeped furiously. 
The blinding beam struck Carrie. 
She cocked her head back, and her pale complexion reflected under the car’s blinding lights. 
Carrie froze like a doe caught in the headlights. 
It was too late for the approaching truck to slam the brakes. Carrie clutched her teddy in terror and closed her eyes. 
“Carrie! Watch out!” 
Gritting his teeth, Ryan came up from behind and pulled her out of danger in the nick of time. 
He shielded her from harm just as she did for her teddy. 
They twirled in the air, and Ryan cushioned Carrie’s fall as they 
crashed onto the ground. 
The man hit his shoulder on the curb and grunted in pain. Sweat 
seeped through his suit. 
The truck crashed into a flower bed by the roadside after swerving to 
avoid hitting Carrie. Luckily, the driver was uninjured.
Feeling the pain all over his body, Ryan let go of Carrie. 
To his surprise, the ingrate crawled out of his embrace and slipped 
away. 
“Hey! Hey! Come back, Carrie! Shouldn’t you at least help me up?” 
Ryan was beside himself as the pain hindered him from getting up from the ground. 
The party tonight was highly publicized. It started off with a bang but ended hastily. 
To spare his sister and mother from worry, Ryan told his secretary to hide his car accident and hospitalization. 
Furious with Bella, Zoe was not in a hurry to leave after the party. She had a drink with her frenemy, Bethany, at the hotel bar. 
“Damn it! Justin only has eyes for that bitch, Bella.” 
Zoe slammed her glass on the table, her eyes bloodshot. “Why did they divorce if he has lingering feelings for her?” 
“You’re not the only one confused, Zoe.” 
With her hand propped under her chin, Bethany looked frustrated.” Bella waited on us hand and foot before they divorced. She attended to Justin’s every need, despite his cold indifference. For three years, she cooked and cleaned for our family. 
“I wouldn’t get through a day if I were in her shoes, but she managed it for three years. That’s one thing I’m impressed with about her. Still, Justin wouldn’t even give her any attention. Rosalind was the only
one for him. He divorced Bella, the only woman who stood by him, for 
Rosalind. I used to think Justin did the right thing. Now that I think 
about it, he was blind 
The alcohol loosened Bethany’s tongue. 
Bethany’s comment upset Zoe further. She scoffed. “Are you feeli bad for Bella, Bethany? What, are you regretting that she can’t be y sister-in-law anymore?” 
“No, no. You got the wrong idea, Zoe.” 
Realizing she had let more slip than she should, Bethany smiled awkwardly and replied, “I was just breaking it down for you. I don’t understand why Justin ignored the bitch before the divorce and now gives her so much attention. Maybe he only realized what love was once he lost it. That was why he was unwilling to let go.” 
Zoe felt bummed and took a sip of wine. She was consumed by a 
burning desire to win him over. “I refuse to believe that Justin has 
feelings for Bella! They had been married for three years. If there was 
a spark, something would have happened a long time ago. Justin is showering his ex-wife with attention out of spite because he can’t 
stand to see her happy.” 
While talking, Zoe flicked her brown hair and curled her lips
arrogantly. “Justin and I have a solid relationship, unlike what Bella 
had with him. He definitely feels something for me, but Bella’s got 
him wrapped around her finger for now.” 
Bethany stuck out her tongue in secret and did not say a word. 
She had a feeling that Zoe was a little delusional. Nevertheless, Bethany would not put her down, as she needed Zoe’s help to marry into the Hoffman family. 
“We should figure out a way to get Ada on our side and help Justin close the case, Bethany. I will help you.” 
Zoe scowled at the thought of Bella smugly pulling out “The Twilight 
God”. 
She muttered with resentment, “It’s just a stupid brooch. That isn’t Alexa’s only masterpiece. If Bella can do it, I can too.”
###chapter363
That was a load of hot air. 
Zoe could not possibly acquire a jewelry piece that even an avid 
collector like Ada Wang had no access to. 
Though stunned by Zoe’s behavior, Bethany flattered her, “Wow, you’re amazing, Zoe! If you can get your hands on Alexa’s jewelry, I’m sure Ada will come back to us. We can get even with Bella, help Justin, and, while doing so, improve his perception of you. You’ll be Salvador Corporation’s hero, and Justin will be drawn closer to you.” 
Zoe smiled smugly and uttered, “So we should steal the case from 
Bella.” 
While Bethany echoed Zoe’s sentiment, she had other thoughts in 
mind. 
Bethany did not want to help Justin, as they were not from the same 
mother. 
However, it was a chance to shine. If she ran the planning instead of Justin, she could show her dad that she was capable and make him proud, restoring her mother’s recent declining standing. 
Zoe was only a tool to get a leg up. 
With that in mind, Bethany was thrilled, her eyes gleaming with desire
and her cheeks flushed.. 
“Tonight was horrible. Justin left halfway, and my brother didn’t even show up when he said he would. What the hell? I’m not going to 
threw a tantrum. 
“Your brother came tonight, Zoe, but he left soon after,” Bethany said 
curtly. 
“When did that happen?” 
“You were playing the piano. He brought my sister, Carrie, along too. Ha. My sister is the belle of the ball because of Ryan,” Bethany said sarcastically with a smile. 
“Who? Your sister, the idiot?” 
Zoe was taken aback. She could not picture her brother and a dummy like Carrie together. 
She knew Carrie too well. 
Back in junior high, Zoe and Carrie studied at the same girls’ school in Savrow. They were also classmates. 
“I’m already having problems before I marry into the Hoffman family, 
Zoe.” 
Bethany sighed in distress, her eyes chilling. “For all we know, your brother might be feeling something for my sister.”
“What? Feel something? The idiot is not worth my brother’s time.” Zoe jolted to her feet furiously, spilling the drink on the table. Her 
eyes were bulging. 
Bethany smirked to herself but kept up with the sympathy act. “You 
didn’t see it tonight, but Ryan was sweet to my sister. He bought her a 
new dress and said she was the only one that he cared for. I was near 
to tears in envy 
Knowing him, Bethany believed Ryan was too much of a player to have feelings for Carrie. 
However, Bethany had to get Zoe fired up, seeking her help in dealing 
with Carrie, the bitch. 
Zoe’s anger subsided as Bethany described the incident. 
She sank back into her seat and sipped her wine in contemplation. The shadows under her eyes spoke of a darkness beyond her years. 
Ryan was her brother, and no one knew him better than her. 
Over the years, Ryan rarely showed interest in any woman. Bethany observed his special treatment of Carrie. 
That would not work for Zoe. 
Zoe spearheaded the bullying of Carrie, making Carrie’s school years
a hellish nightmare. 
Although many years had passed, Zoe doubted Carrie had gotten over 
1. 
If there was a spark between Ryan and Carrie, Carrie might use him to 
get back at Zoe if her past caught up with her. It did not matter 
whether Ryan would marry Carrie, as he would just want Carrie to be 
happy. 
Zoe reflected for a long time. 
Gritting her teeth, Zoe said coldly, “Don’t worry. So long as I’m around, Carrie and my brother will never get together.” 
KS World Hotel’s VIP suite oozed luxury. A huge round table feature ten dishes, each a feast for the eyes and nose. The wine served was top-shelf, auction-worthy vintage. 
Tope Every Day 
speak III of Saivauti voipuiu 
filming, movies, and jewelry collections. 
The dinner was a delight.
###chapter364
After dinner, Bella and Steven walked Ada to her car in the basement 
parking lot. 
“Ms. Thompson, thank you for the feast tonight. It was amazing. I can’t get enough of the dessert. Please give my compliments to the 
chef.” 
“If you enjoy the dessert, I will drop off two boxes at your hotel before you leave Savrow. You can keep one box for yourself and give your mother the other,” Bella said with a smile. 
“Ms. Ada, the delicious meal you just enjoyed, right down to the dessert, was all handcrafted by Ms. Thompson herself.” Steven beamed at the chance to present his boss’s stunning creations. 
“What? Did you make the complicated dessert, Ms. Thompson?” Ada 
was shocked and moved. 
It was hard to believe that, despite coming from riches, Bella was a 
successful businesswoman and an accomplished cook. She was talented. Bella’s complex dessert, layered with effort, proved her 
“Yes, but I could’ve done a better job. Sorry about that.” Bella was shy 
and humble.
Ada fell into contemplation for a moment before smiling. “Did you have a contract with you, Ms. Thompson?” 
Surprised, Bella and Steven exchanged looks and sounded Ada out. Are you saying that…” 
“I want KS World Hotel to make my dream wedding a reality. If possible, I want to seal the deal now.” 
Bella’s eyes sparkled with joy. She was always one to play it cool. Although she appeared composed, her heart was beating out of her 
chest. 
Overjoyed, Steven rummaged through his briefcase. “I brought it along. We always carry contracts with us.” 
“Ms. Wang.” 
Bella drew a deep breath and asked solemnly, “You’ve entrusted KS Group and Salvador Corporation with the task of finding a designer for your unique jewelry piece. As I have yet to fulfill that request, I’m curious as to why you went ahead and picked us to host your 
wedding.” 
Steven blinked. He was dying to find out as well. 
Ada pursed her lips, looking abashed. “To be frank, I didn’t want either of you to organize my wedding. I’ve never been to Savrow, and I’m only having my wedding here to fulfill my mother’s wish. I’ve been skeptical of your hotel and the Salvador Hotel right from the start. I 
”
accepted Mr. Salvador’s invitation tonight, but I wasn’t interested in going. It was either you or him. For that, I’d like to apologize. I 
shouldn’t have been so arrogant and dismissive of you. Now that I’m here, I realize you and Mr. Salvador are great and talented leaders. I know I’m in great hands no matter who I choose to organize my 
wedding.” 
“Why did you choose us?” 
“I hadn’t made up my mind when you gave me the Twilight God. The feast you prepared tonight was a work of art, showcasing your hard work and ingenuity like fine jewelry. I was touched by your sincerity, so I chose to work with KS World Hotel.” Ada put aside her 
haughtiness and spoke to Bella from the heart. 
While Bella got her answer now, she still could not believe it. 
She did not learn to cook for nothing. It came in handy during a time 
of need. 
With Bella and Ada getting into the car, Steven laid out two sets of documents in front of them. He could not stop smiling. 
Before putting her name on it, Ada thought for a moment and said tenderly, “Can I add one more thing to the contract, Ms. Thompson?” 
“Of course. What is it?” Bella was patient. Her brows were relaxed,
and she did not rush Ada into it. 
“I hope to keep my wedding setup a secret until the big day. I want to give my fans and my mother a surprise. Can you do that?”. 
“Sure. We are committed to delivering everything as outlined in the contract.” Bella had a gift for giving people the assurance they 
tie 
Past week had finally melted away. 
Ada reached her hand out to Bella with a smile. “Here’s to working well together, Ms. Thompson.” 
Bella shook Ada’s hand firmly, her eyes glistening. “It’s a pleasure. 
doing business with you.”
###chapter365
The next morning, Justin dropped his work when he heard about 
Ryan’s car accident. Worried, he rushed to the hospital as fast as he 
could. 
Ryan lay flat in bed in a VIP ward with a back and neck brace. He opened his mouth as his secretary fed him a sliced apple. 
He looked like a pampered child who could not do anything for himself, and his secretary was the maid bearing the brunt of his 
demands. 
Justin walked into the room and furrowed his brows at him. “Didn’t the Hoffman Group recently develop an oilfield? You’re acting like you’re dry even before you hit 30.” 
The secretary stepped aside and nodded at the man before giving Ryan and Justin space to talk. 
“Holy shit! Are you here to visit me or give me hell? How am I acting dry? I wouldn’t need help if I could feed myself.” 
Ryan broke out in a sweat and grimaced in pain the moment he 
leaned over. 
“Don’t move. Just stay there.” 
Justin took quick steps to the bed with a long face and laid him back
down. 
“Will you wheel me around if I become paralyzed, Justin?” Ryan 
scrunched his face and asked. 
“You have plenty of girlfriends to do that for you. You don’t need me.” 
Justin curled his lips indifferently. “Don’t worry. Even if the only body part you can move is your mouth, you’re the heir of the Hoffman Group. You’ll still have your fun with women throwing themselves at 
you.” 
“Tsk. You have a point. I have the charisma,” Ryan added. 
‘Charisma? Ha, more like the charisma of money.’ Justin thought. 
“What did you get yourself into?” Justin asked with a frown. 
“You should ask Carrie.” 
Ryan huffed, picturing the tiny frame skittering away into the night. It’s her fault that I am in this situation. Carrie should be the one to 
wheel me around forever.” 
“Explain, Ryan. How is Carrie involved?” Justin scowled. 
“Carrie sneaked into the party last night, but she was stopped from entering the hotel. If I hadn’t run into her, your ignorant security team 
would have kicked your sister out.”
“Carrie came last night?” Justin was shocked. 
That must be the reason why Ryan called him out of the blue about getting his ducks in a row. 
“I was kind to dress her in-” 
“You dressed her?” Justin turned pale and raised his voice. He was 
ready to pull a punch. 
“Don’t get me wrong. My secretary dressed her. I didn’t touch her.” 
Ryan was quick to explain, not wanting his limbs to be broken. “I took her to see Ada Wang at the hall, but something got into her when she arrived. She ran out of there like she had lost her mind. I followed her because it’s dangerous for a girl to be roaming alone at night. She crossed the road without looking and was nearly run over by a truck. I saved her in the nick of time, but I bumped my back.” 
“What about Carrie? Was she hurt?” Justin asked worriedly. 
“I guess not. The pain crippled me from getting up, but she slipped away before I knew it. She could’ve at least helped me up. What would I do to her anyway?” Furious, Ryan nagged. 
“Ryan, I have told you before not to get any ideas about Carrie.” 
Justin grimaced. “What happened at my grandfather’s birthday party was an accident. Carrie doesn’t belong in your world. Keep your 
inappropriate thoughts to yourself.” 
“No, I got hurt shielding her from harm. Have a heart. You’re giving me an earful instead of thanking me.” Since Ryan could not move, he
looked hilarious sticking his neck out while arguing with Justin. 
“Why did you take her to the venue, dress her up, and expose her to 
the group of strangers?” 
“What do you mean?” Ryan looked confused. 
“Carrie has severe social anxiety and autism. She can’t deal with 
strangers and social events.” Justin got emotional, thinking about 
Carrie’s overly cautious and timid behavior.
###chapter366
“A-Autism?” Ryan was stunned. As the realization hit him, he gripped his fingers. 
It explained Carrie’s behavior. At 22 years old, she should know everything, but she behaved like a naive little girl. 
That must be the reason why Shannon kept her at home from seeing 
anyone. 
“Have you gotten her consent before doing everything for her? Have you asked whether she would like to attend the event in glitz and glamor? You never considered her feelings because that’s the type of guy you are.” 
Justin drew a deep breath to ease his restlessness. “Carrie just wants a quiet life. Don’t mess things up for her. You are doing more harm than good to her.” 
Ryan was caught in his emotions for a while before asking in a raspy voice, “C-Can she get better?” 
Justin shook his head helplessly. “It would have happened long ago if she could.” 
Ryan froze as Carrie’s horror-stricken face last night came to mind. He felt bad saying anything. 
Justin’s phone rang. It was Gregory calling. 
Furrowing his brows, the man hesitated for a moment before taking 
the call. “Dad.” 
“Come to the office now. I’ll be waiting.”
The call ended. 
With downcast eyes, Justin looked at the dimmed screen and 
scowled. 
Were they really related? 
Sometimes, Justin wished Gregory was not his father. At least he would not hate Gregory so much. 
The secretary opened the door to the chairman’s office at Salvador Corporation for Justin. 
The man was dumbfounded the moment he walked into the office. 
Gregory sat behind a wide desk, but there was someone else in the room-Bethany. 
Justin’s eyes darkened as he had a feeling something was about to happen. 
“Justin,” Bethany said sweetly, her face beaming. 
People might think they had a close relationship. 
Justin nodded with a blank face. He had always been indifferent to Bethany. 
“I heard from Bethany about the incident at the hotel, including Ms. Thompson whisking your honorary guest, Ada Wang, away. My 
secretary has shown me the trending news on Twitter.” 
Gregory leaned in, fingers laced on the desk, eyes fixed aloofly on Justin. “Public opinion toward our hotel has gone south after last night. What’s your plan?” 
“Our PR and marketing team worked on it all night to wipe the
negative comments off Twitter and other social platforms,” Justin said in a flat tone, his eyes emotionless. 
“Even so, the damage has already been done. Word is spreading 
among our circle about last night. Word spreads fast in our 
community. Seriously, it’s embarrassing.” Bethany appeared worried, but her tone suggested mockery. 
Justin tensed his jawline. 
“No matter what happens, there’ll always be two negative and 
positive narratives. That’s the game of business. 
“So long as the Salvador Group emerges victorious, the doubters and skeptics will go away.” 
The man eyed Bethany coldly. “Our focus should be on the long term in business, not the short term, or we risk significant losses.” 
Reading between the lines, Bethany gnashed her teeth in rage. 
Following frantic drumming on the door, the secretary rushed into the 
room. 
“Take a look at this, sir.” 
Gregory was enraged by what the secretary showed him. He said sternly, “Turn on the TV and put the news channel on.”
###chapter367
The secretary turned on the TV and put the news channel on. 
It was the “Three O’Clock News” again. 
Justin furrowed his brows. Since losing the Baxim project, he could not stand to watch the news program. 
“Thank you for watching the three o’clock news. Let’s jump into the headlines for the day. Internationally renowned actress Ada Wang arrived at Savrow last night, drawing the attention of fans and the media. According to sources, Ada Wang’s visit to the city is to fulfill her mother’s dying wish of holding a wedding in her mother’s hometown. The Salvador Corporation and KS World Hotel have been vying for the right to host Ada’s wedding at their hotels. Ada has finally chosen her ideal wedding venue after days of deliberation.” 
Justin’s throat went dry as he fixated on the TV screen. 
“Congratulations to KS World Hotel, who will be hosting Ada Wang’s wedding.” 
Justin’s heart sank, and his ears buzzed. The news hit him like a ton 
of bricks. 
Bethany was secretly glad. 
With the situation falling apart, Bethany knew her chances to rise to 
power were higher as Justin would be deemed useless. 
The scene cut over to Ada’s interview with the “Three O’Clock News”.
She explained briefly why she had picked KS World Hotel. 
Ada said, “Salvador Corporation is in the hotel industry for a reason, but I personally prefer KS World Hotel’s wedding proposal. It has nothing to do with the hotels’ services or quality. It’s just a matter of personal preference.” 
Justin grabbed the remote control and turned off the TV, unable to listen to another word. He then hurled the remote control onto the 
table. 
“Ha! And here you were talking about focusing on the long term instead of the short term. You have nothing to go on anyway. You didn’t close the deal on Ada’s wedding, and your PR efforts last night helped the competition instead. How do you plan on turning things 
around?” 
Pale-faced, Justin was about to respond when Bethany stepped in and comforted Gregory. “Don’t be angry, Dad.” 
Bethany, heavily influenced by her mother, Shannon, knew defending Justin now would fuel Gregory’s resentment of him. “Ada has made it 
clear that it was a matter of personal preference, not about Salvador 
Corporation’s capabilities. Besides, Justin did his best. Bella is just 
too cunning and manipulative . She’s always one step ahead of us. That’s the nature of business, I guess.” 
Justin looked up at Bethany menacingly. “Bella didn’t do anything
wrong. We just didn’t cover all our bases.” 
Narrowing her gaze, Bethany gritted her teeth and kept her thoughts to herself. ‘Hmph! No point in having her back now that you’re divorced! Maybe it’s a good thing. You’re just digging your own grave by jumping to Bella’s defense.’ 
“Don’t tell me you let Bella win on purpose, Justin,” Gregory 
questioned. 
“No.” Justin kept his head down. 
“I should remind you that you and the girl are divorced. She has no relationship with Salvador Corporation. In other words, you’re enemies. You can’t even be friends. The wicked and cunning girl has been giving us a lot of trouble. I didn’t make things difficult for her because you were once married, but that doesn’t mean I’ll put up with her forever.” Gregory Salvador slammed the table in rage. 
Justin narrowed his eyes at Gregory’s grimacing face, his eyes 
bloodshot and his fists clenched. 
“Are you trying to defy me, Justin? What’s with the look on your face?” 
While Gregory looked stern, his heart raced. 
The kid once gave him the same stinging look when his mother jumped off the building to her death. 
To this day, Gregory was brought back to that fateful incide every time he looked into his son’s eyes.
###chapter368
“Even though Bella and I are divorced, and she’s no longer mine, she’s 
still off-limits.” Justin took a step forward as rage flickered in his eyes, icy and intense. 
Gregory shuddered. The father and son locked gazes in 
confrontation. 
Bethany was intimidated by the stern look on Justin’s face. 
Nevertheless, she pulled herself together and came behind Gregory at the desk with an ingratiating smile. She kneaded his shoulders. “Don’t get into it with Justin because of Bella, Dad. She has the upper hand for now, but the game isn’t over. The ultimate victor is yet to be 
determined.” 
“Bethany, are you saying that you can turn things around?” Reading between the lines, Gregory asked eagerly. 
“Dad, if you give me a chance to take over the project, I have m ay of winning Ada over.” 
Bethany added with a confident smile, “Ada might have announc that her wedding will be held at KS World Hotel, but nothing ever goe as planned, don’t you think?” 
Justin frowned. 
He knew his half-sister well. Bethany was always hungry for power, 
but she did not have the brains to match her ambition.
However, Bethany had the nerve to compete with him this time. She 
looked like she had it in the bag. 
Justin believed something fishy was going on. 
“Very well! I knew I could always count on you. You have aspirations and ambitions.” 
Gregory smiled contently and took Bethany’s hand. “I’ll leave you in charge of getting Ada to have her wedding with us. Your brother will do the handover with you later. Justin, you’re off this project. I don’t want you getting involved with Bella again. Just leave everything to Bethany.” 
Justin pulled a stoic face without saying a word. 
Gregory would never compliment his accomplishments, but he would not hesitate to punish Justin and strip him of power the moment something went wrong. 
Firstly, Gregory did not think an illegitimate child like Justin was good enough. Secondly, Gregory fretted over the idea of Justin 
overpowering him: 
“Thank you for the opportunity, Daddy!” Bethany clung happily to Gregory’s neck. 
“I will reward you once you are successful.” 
Gregory stroked his daughter’s head dotingly and asked with a smile, ” What do you want? Just tell me. Is it a villa with a sea view or a fancy sports car?” 
“No. That’s not what I want.”
Bethany simpered. “I’m your daughter, a member of the Salvador 
family. I want to contribute to the family business too. If I win Ada over, can I become the general manager of the Salvador Hotel? Given an opportunity, I can prove my management skills are superior to Bella’s.” 
With his breath hitched, Justin smirked. 
So that was what Bethany was after. 
“Alright, you have my word. If you can prove your worth, I will put you 
in charge of the hotel.” Gregory was open to the idea. 
“Thank you, Dad!” Bethany smirked at Justin. 
She could already imagine Justin with his tail tucked between his legs 
when she took over the hotel management.
###chapter369
Justin walked out of the chairman’s office and returned to his. 
“How did it go, Mr. Salvador? I hope the chairman didn’t make things hard for you.” lan had a cup of coffee ready for Justin. With a worried look on his face, he asked cautiously. 
The man approached the sofa and sat down with poise. He held the cup up and took a sip with a glum face. 
“He didn’t.” 
Han sighed in relief. 
“As if that will happen.” 
lan widened his eyes, his heart in his throat. “I knew I shouldn’t expect 
much from him. He’s not a real father to you.” 
“Ha! Sometimes I wish he wasn’t my father.” 
Justin gulped down the bitter coffee that had lost its aroma. “It’s a shame I carry half his DNA.” 
lan sighed frustratedly, not knowing what to say. 
“Gregory has tasked Bethany with getting Ada to use us as a wedding 
venue.” 
“What?”
lan was surprised and furious. “It was your idea to win over Ada and use her wedding to boost the hotel’s reputation. You have worked 
hard, meeting with the team countless times to discuss the wedding proposal. Nobody could have predicted the outcome. Why couldn’t he think about what you did for the company instead of handing over your blood, sweat, and tears? I bet Shannon, the witch, put her up to it.” 
“That’s not all. If Bethany is successful, she will take over the 
Salvador Hotel’s management.” Justin narrowed his eyes with a smirk. 
lan gasped sharply and pinched his nose bridge. 
Gregory was clueless at running a business, but he excelled at one thing-making his son’s life miserable. 
“Did you challenge the decision? You can’t just let Bethany steal your 
project.” 
“Is it necessary, though? Gregory and Bethany are on the same team. 
He wants to strip me of my authority to begin with.” 
Justin seemed unfazed. “Bethany just gave him a reason.” 
He would not live a long life if he got worked up over every little thing. 
“So we’re sitting ducks?” lan hissed through clenched teeth. 
Without a word, Justin savored his coffee.
“To be honest, I’m a little angry at Young Madam, Mr. Salvador.” lan 
pouted with a frown. 
“You always hold her in high regard. What made you change your mind?” Curling his lips, Justin teased him. 
“Business is business. We can’t mix business with personal 
emotions. I think she’s trying to get even with you. She’s walking you. off the cliff.” Driven by rage, lan made a bold statement. 
“I get her. I’ve hurt her in the past,” Justin said honestly. The past still haunted him. 
“But at this rate, you might lose your position in the company.” 
lan was on the verge of tears. “The young madam is spoiled crazy by her family. Her stepmothers and brothers have her back, and 
Chairman Thompson adores her. She can never understand where you are coming from. You are alone in the company. She can use her family’s connections to screw with you, and one day, you might just go down.” 
“Don’t be scared. It’s not easy to take me down.” 
Justin smiled faintly. “Though her love and being her husband are a 
thing of the past, I don’t deserve them if I’m easily defeated. That’s 
why I have a plan in place.”
“Really? What is it?” 
Justin closed his eyes for a breather and smiled tenderly. 
A while later, he uttered in a hoarse voice, “Bella has to win all the 
way.” 
lan widened his eyes in disbelief. 
Still, he grasped what Justin was trying to say. 
If Justin could not win it all, he would rather everything go down in 
flames. 
“I will not let anyone or anything come in her way.” 
Justin had a meeting in the evening, but he canceled it and drove to 
the KS World Hotel, 
He stepped into the hotel lobby with a mix of emotions. 
During his first visit to the place, Bella tricked him into climbing the stairs to her office and fooled him with a substitute. He was humiliated.
###chapter370
No woman had ever made Justin feel so defeated. Even when Rosalind used him and betrayed him, all he felt was anger. 
Justin let out a wry smile at the sight of the newly improved hotel lobby. KS World Hotel ran a tighter ship than the Salvador Hotel. 
Bella presented herself as inexperienced and submissive when she 
married Justin. Although he had never looked down upon her for being from the countryside, Justin felt she did not belong in his world. 
It dawned on him now that it was the other way around. It was him trying to catch up to her. 
Bella put aside her pride and dignity to stay by his side for three 
years. He was the closest to her when they were married. 
He was never the one who was unattainable. 
Steven was talking to two executives of the hotel about work hen he 
turned around and saw Justin in the lobby. 
Shocked at first, Steven quickly pulled a long face. 
“That’s it for now. You should get to work.” 
“Of course, Mr. Lovett.” 
After dismissing the executives, Steven aloofly took strides toward
JuJustin. 
M”Mr. Salvador, the restaurant is to your left, the bar is to your right, 
anand the café is on the third floor. If you wish to book a room, you can 
head to the reception desk.” 
“I want to see Ms. Thompson.” Justin cut to the case, his face expressionless. He scanned the place. 
“My boss is too busy to see every Tom, Dick, or Harry.” Steven 
sneered. 
If Steven did not have to demonstrate courtesy at the hotel, he would 
have released the hounds on Justin. 
“Say whatever you want, but I must see her today.” 
Justin realized that he had developed thick skin. In the past, he would 
walk away after being insulted. This time, he played dumb to stay. 
It did not hurt him to take a scolding. Justin probably would not sleep 
well at night if he did not meet with Bella, though. 
“Ms. Bella won’t see you, Justin. You’ll only upset her.” 
Steven narrowed his eyes at the man, his teeth clenched. He barked in
a chilling voice, “If you know better, you should leave this place at once. So long as I am here, you can forget about seeing her.” 
“Sure, but I need Bella to tell me that.” 
The man refused to budge, and the determination showed in his eyes. 
“You can’t make that decision for her.” 
“Justin! Are you trying to cause a ruckus?” 
Hot under the collar, Steven wanted to give Justin a piece of his mind 
when a cheery voice came from behind. 
The voice crawled under Justin’s skin. 
“Mr. Lovett, is Bella around?” 
Justin turned around and saw Christopher strolling into the lobby, looking sharp. 
The two good-looking men stood before Steven. Although the men refused to acknowledge each other’s existence, Steven could feel the sparks of animosity flying between them. 
Steven could potentially get himself caught in a crossfire. 
Christopher could not arrive at a worse time. 
Steven was tempted to lock the two men in the same room so they could have a go at one another. 
“We are in a public space, Mr. Iverson. You should address her respectfully as Ms. Bella or Ms. Thompson, especially in the hotel she
manages. Steven was indifferent to both Christopher and Justin. 
Justin curled his lips, finding Bella’s secretary less of an eyesore at this very moment. 
“Fine. Is Ms. Thompson around? What time will she be free tonight?” 
Christopher was unoffended. He knew when to yield. “I wish to have 
dinner with her tonight to thank her for getting Christian’s 
autographed album for my mother.” 
“She’s busy.” Steven was telling Justin and Christopher that. 
“I can wait.” 
Justin and Christopher replied in unison.
###chapter371
Despite Bella’s absence, she knew everything that went on in the 
hotel. 
“Mr. Salvador and Mr. Iverson are here to see you, Ms. Bella. What do 
you think…?” 
Steven pressed on his Bluetooth earpiece and turned around to speak 
in hushed tones. 
The two men straightened their backs, their nerves on edge. 
“See me? Why? Are they hoping I’ll give them a discount?” 
“Ms. Bella, they refuse to leave until they see you. I can’t call security 
on them.” Steven was put on the spot because Justin and Christopher 
were not the easiest people to deal with. 
“Ask them why they want to see me.” Bella’s voice bore no emotion: 
“Ms. Bella asked the purpose of your visit,” Steven said peevishly. 
“I want to ask Ms. Thompson out for dinner to thank her.” 
Christopher smiled and pushed his gold-rimmed glasses up his nose.
“I have mailed Christian’s autographed album to my mother, and she 
loves it. She told me to treat Ms. Thompson to dinner, or she’d feel 
bad getting the gift for nothing.” 
He gave Justin the side-eye. 
Christopher assumed that Bella was too kind to turn down his invite. 
Besides, even if Bella had no feelings for Christopher, he was better 
than the cold-hearted two-timer who once hurt her. 
Steven turned to Justin. 
The man responded indifferently, “It’s work-related.” 
Christopher frowned. 
Bella paused for a moment before instructing Steven. “Take Mr. 
Salvador to see me.” 
Christopher and Steven were shocked. 
Justin curled his lips. 
He could not hide the joy on his face. It was as if he was picked first. 
during a children’s sports game. 
“Please lead the way, Mr. Lovett.”
Steven turned around angrily. “Follow me.” 
As Justin walked away, Christopher hid the darkness in his eyes. 
behind his glasses. Rage consumed him. 
When Christopher returned to the basement parking lot alone, his 
secretary knew things did not go well and said nothing but ushered him into the car respectfully. 
Sitting in the back seat, Christopher closed his eyes for a rest. However, his tensed jawline exposed his brewing rage. 
Bella called Justin away. 
The never-before humiliation overwhelmed Christopher’s every being. It felt like Bella had slapped him in the face in front of his rival. 
“Where to, Mr. Iverson?” His secretary asked cautiously. 
Christopher uttered in a chilling voice, “Did I say you could speak?” 
The secretary hung his head low in fright and broke out in a cold 
sweat. 
It took a while before Christopher opened his eyes. He gripped his fingers until his knuckles popped. 
“Investigate Ryan Hoffman’s sister and her present relationship with 
Justin.”
“Does Ryan Hoffman have a sister?” 
Christopher’s eyes flickered with a cold glint. 
“I’ll get right to it now.” The secretary was scared out of his wits. 
Christopher closed his eyes. “Drive to Pivotage.” 
Pivotage was a private club he established in his secretary’s name 
five years ago. 
The woman managing the club was his key to navigating Savrow’s 
social circles. 
However, she might come in handy now too. 
With that in mind, Christopher nudged his glasses up and smirked 
sinisterly. 
Steven led Justin to the back kitchen of the hotel. 
Justin clutched his Windsor knot and glanced to the side to check. 
himself out on the reflection of a metal surface. 
He had never been so nervous when he was commended in the army. or when he hosted his first organizational meeting as the president of Salvador Corporation.
###chapter372
“Ms. Bella said you can enter.” Steven stepped aside as if he might catch something from Justin if he got too close. 
“Thank you.” 
Steven scowled without hiding his resentment toward Justin. “Don’t thank me. Ms. Bella is gracious to you. If it were me, I would beat the 
crap out of you.” 
He opened the door to the back kitchen before walking away. 
After taking a long exhale, Justin stepped inside. 
The KS World Hotel’s kitchen was sparkly clean, like a sterilized surgical theater, gleaming stainless steel and white. 
The space was quiet, and the only thing Justin could hear was hist breathing and beating heart. 
After a turn, he saw a lithe figure working behind a stainless-steel counter. The wide and tall counter made her frame tiny. 
Bella took his breath away once again. 
Clad in a pristine chef’s uniform with her hair tucked under a hat and her face masked, she sculpted the dough with a pair of scissors. 
She was so focused on the task at hand that she did not notice his
presence. 
Justin’s eyes welled up as he remembered Wilma’s words. 
“Young Master Justin, the dessert wasn’t bought or made by our chef. The young madam made it for you. The chef said that the young madam cooks better than him. You enjoyed it so much, but you have no idea the amount of effort the young madam put into this tiny dessert. She locked herself in the kitchen all day to make the food for you. She didn’t complain once about her body aches.” 
A wave of emotions washed over Justin. 
For the first time, he got to witness Bella in the kitchen. So that was how she spent her three years in the Salvador household. 
She poured all her love, blood, sweat, and tears into the food, but he 
never once cherished or showed any appreciation for it. 
He was a fool who had wiped away any affection she had left for him. 
With furrowed brows, Bella sculpted the dough into shapes. She was making pastries for Ada to bring back to her mother. 
It was a difficult dessert to make. It took Bella the whole afternoon 
just to sculpt four doughs. 
“Phew! All done.” 
Bella heaved a sigh of relief as she stared at her fifth sculpture. She 
raised her arm to wipe her sweat with her sleeve.
That was when she heard a munching noise. 
Dumbfounded, Bella looked up. 
She gasped sharply as her eyes widened. She let out a cry.. 
“Justin! W-W-Why…” 
Justin met her gaze and continued munching. 
There were only three of the four pastries left on the plate. 
“Who said you could eat it? Spit it out now!” Bella’s cheeks flushed in rage. She was tempted to punch him in the face. 
However, the man remained oblivious as he took another bite. The 
food was yummy. 
“You don’t deserve my food, bastard! Stop it!” 
Seeing red, Bella tried to snatch the half-eaten pastry from him. 
Justin stuffed the remaining pastry into his mouth in a fluster. 
“Damn you, Justin!” 
Bella yelled. She was fuming. 
The kitchen floor had just been mopped, so it was still wet. She slipped and crashed into the man’s firm chest.
Thud! 
Hitting his back on the counter, Justin grimaced in pain. He spread 
his arms to hold Bella before she hurt herself. 
As his grasp tightened, her breathing turned heavy. 
It felt like time froze on them. 
Bella’s luscious lips, pressing through the barrier of the plastic mask, 
met the man’s in a kiss. 
Justin and Bella had no words. 
The man narrowed his gaze, and his lashes fluttered. 
Despite his self-restraint, he could not stop the intensity in his loins.
###chapter373
Bella pushed Justin’s firm chest away to get up. She swiftly shot back 
and pressed her back against the freezer door. 
She inhaled sharply, her eyes darting. As a flush crept across her 
cheeks, she sweated profusely. 
Though her lips were shielded by a mask, Bella could still feel the lingering heat from his lips. 
‘Goddamnit! Why did she feel so…’ Bella heaved heavily with a 
blushing face and removed the mask to hurl it to the ground. 
She could not possibly use it anymore. The mask was sullied. 
Justin slowly rose to his feet before resting his hips on the edge of 
the counter. His brows were relaxed as he pursed his crimson lips. 
Even though he looked like he had his act together, he could not 
ignore his racing heart. 
“Doesn’t your back hurt?” 
Justin looked dazed, still lost in the accidental kiss. Still, he kept up 
with his appearance and spoke in a flat tone.
“That’s none of your business.” 
Bella gnashed her teeth, furious because the man ate her dessert. Why did you eat my food without permission, Justin? I toiled away the 
whole afternoon not to waste it on you.” 
“It’s been a while since I’ve had anything you made. I want to enjoy 
your cooking. I remember that you used to make pastries for me.” 
Justin was not one to live for food. He often went without food and 
drinks when he was busy. 
However, he was tempted by the food when Bella poured her heart and soul into making it. The resentment and temptation drove him to 
eat it. 
He was not thinking when he grabbed her dessert. All he knew was 
that he would not get another chance if he let it slip by. 
“Ha! That’s in the past.” 
Still angry, Bella said harshly, “I cooked and cleaned for you when your 
were my husband. But you mean nothing to me now. Who are you to 
eat my food? I’d rather feed it to the dogs than you. You don’t deserve 
my cooking.”
That hurt a lot. 
Justin’s eyes darkened as her words got to him. 
He tried his best to look into her eyes. 
However, he could no longer find the woman who once toiled away all 
day in the kitchen to make him delicious food. 
Was the love really gone? 
Was there really nothing left? 
Leaving Justin rooted to the spot, Bella swiped up the last pastries 
with a scowl and tucked them safely away in the cabinet. 
She was wary of him. 
“It was rude of me. I didn’t think the food was important to you. I’m sorry.” Justin admitted to his mistake. Since he was in the wrong, he was willing to accept the reproach. 
Bella’s emotions were apparent in her fluttering lashes. She turned 
her back toward Justin and washed her hands in the sink. She asked 
curtly, “Didn’t you say you’re here to talk business? Speak up. You can tell that I am busy, and you’re keeping me from my work.” 
As his throat hitched, Justin calmed himself. “I came to tell you that I 
am no longer in charge of Ada’s wedding planning.”
Bella paused from scrubbing her hands and chuckled. “What’s wrong 
with that? Ada has already signed the contract with KS World Hotel. 
The only thing you can do now is keep tabs on the comments that could give your hotel a name.” 
Ignoring her taunts, Justin said, “Gregory has left Bethany in charge 
now.” 
Bella finally turned to face him with a scowl. 
“You’re smart. You know there’s more to that decision,” Justin said in 
a husky voice, his eyes observing the worry behind hers. 
“So you came all the way to tell me this? As expected from you. 
You’re still the same selfish man.” 
Bella put her hands on her waist and smirked. “You’re bitter about 
losing, so you’re telling me about it so that I’ll deal with Bethany for 
you. 
“We all know Bethany plays dirty. Even if she’s trying to play me, she’s 
not smart enough to be a match for me. She’s got the IQ of a gnat. 
Maybe she’ll stand a chance in another life.”
Tension loosened in Justin’s jaw as he smiled tenderly. 
He realized that Bella’s vile comments were adorable when they were 
not directed at him. 
“Even so, Bethany is not a dummy. She has Shannon’s support for 
ideas.”
###chapter374
Justin added, “Shannon is manipulative and cunning. I’m worried they 
will harm you, so I came to give you a heads-up.” 
Hiding the emotions behind her eyes, Bella turned away from him. 
“That’s all I want to say. I shouldn’t keep you from your work.” 
Justin took a long, hard look at her back before turning to leave. 
“Hold on, Justin.” Bella stopped him. 
With his heart skipping a beat, the man turned back around. 
“Why are you telling me this? You, of all people, understand the grand scheme of things. Anybody from the Salvador Corporation can boost 
the Salvador Hotel’s influence and reputation by winning Ada over. 
That was what you have been planning.” 
Bella looked at him skeptically. “So why are you doing this now?” 
“I want you to win.” 
Justin stared at Bella with clear and sincere eyes. Having been in the 
business for over a decade, the sentiment was a rare sight. 
“Why do you want me to win?”
“We were once married, after all.” 
Bella sneered in disdain. “You weren’t nice to me in the three years we 
were married, and now that we’re divorced, you want to talk about commitment? Are you kidding me, Mr. Salvador? Bye now. Don’t hit 
your head on the way out.” 
It still hurt as bad the second time around. 
Justin cleared his throat, choking on the piece of dessert stuck there. He could barely breathe. 
Night fell at the Hoffmans’ residence. 
Zoe gave Bethany a call, telling her to come over to her place. She 
had an important matter to discuss. 
The ladies arrived at Zoe’s private piano room and shut the door 
béhind them. 
“Why did you want to see me so late, Zoe?” Bethany asked curiously. 
“It has been five days since KS World Hotel announced their 
collaboration with Ada. Have you figured out a way to get the bitch?” 
Folding her arms in front of her chest, Zoe asked sternly. 
Bethany was a snobby princess. Only Shannon could speak to her with that tone, so she did not take it well when Zoe came at her. She
murmured peevishly, “It’s only been five days. I’m not God. Ideas take 
time.” 
“Tsk… You’re lost without me.” 
Zoe gave Bethany a contemptuous look, but she loved to be superior intellectually. Clearing her throat, she went to her piano, lifted the cover, and pulled a document from under it. She threw it near 
Bethany’s feet. 
chapura 
Though insulted, Bethany dared not show it on her face. She gritted her teeth and picked up the document. 
Attached was a picture of a young woman and her personal 
information. 
“Who is she?” Bethany was confused. 
“She’s Xena Gordon, a reporter for an online news portal, Headlines.” Sitting behind the piano, Zoe pressed the keys absentmindedly. 
“Headlines? I never heard of it.” 
Zoe wagged her finger. “It’s just shitty media. That’s not the point, -though. Take a closer look at the woman’s family information.” 
Bethany blinked and read the document with a frown.
“Xena Gordon. Her father is Michael Gordon. Michael Gordon… That 
sounds familiar. Where have I heard the name before?” 
“Michael Gordon is the former vice president of KS World Hotel. He 
conspired with Zeke Gold to embezzle the hotel’s procurement funds, but Bella caught him and sent him to jail. He got less than two years, 
but his career is gone,” Zoe said with a smile, propping her chin over 
her hand. 
“Woah. The grudge runs deep.” 
It then hit Bethany, and she jolted up from the sofa. “Xena must be 
bitter about it. I bet she resents Bella. 
“Her father wouldn’t be ruined and jailed if it wasn’t for that bitch.” 
Zoe sighed and glanced at Bethany in disdain.
###chapter375
Two weeks remained until Ada’s wedding. 
Bella had been swamped with work lately, altering the plans to Ada’s preference, overseeing the venue setup, and verifying materials, costs, and staff members. She only had three hours of sleep on her 
most exhausting day. 
Still, she enjoyed doing it. With a clear and profitable goal in mind, she was highly motivated to work. 
After a morning meeting with the team, Bella sat in her office, munching on a piece of sandwich while going through paperwork. 
Steven knocked on the door and came in to deliver coffee. Although 
working herself to the bone, Bella still looked adorable. Steven shook 
his head with a helpless smile. “It’s unhealthy to eat while you work.” 
“I don’t have time. I have a fashion event to attend later.” Bella took 
another bite of the sandwich, her gaze never leaving the document. 
“Why is your schedule packed today? I saw that you’d finally have a 
break this afternoon and wanted to book you a spa treatment to 
relax.” Steven felt bad for her. 
“Leave that until after Ada’s wedding. I can’t relax when there’s so
much on my mind.” 
Bella held the coffee mug up and looked up. “Anything on Bethany 
and Shannon in the last few days?” 
“I have been keeping an eye on them, but they have been quiet. I don’t 
see anything.out of the ordinary.” 
Steven uttered in contemplation, “With our planning going full force, 
they might have just given up since they can’t stop us.” 
Bella reflected on the conversation she had with Justin the other day 
and smirked. “I think we shouldn’t let our guard down. Now that 
Bethany stole a chance to shine from Justin, she couldn’t possibly 
back down without a fight. What would she say to Gregory? She 
wouldn’t give up so easily.” 
There was a knock on the door. 
The administrative secretary carried a white, exquisite -looking gift. 
box into the room. 
“Here is the dessert from the back kitchen, packed and ready as 
requested, Ms. Thompson.”
“Thank you. Leave it on the coffee table.” 
Once the secretary was gone, Steven walked to the coffee table and opened the box. The beautifully sculpted pastries reminded Steven of 
Bella’s dedication to baking. He curled his lips. 
“Get ready, Steve. We’re leaving in a minute.” 
That afternoon, Justin returned to his office after a meeting. 
“Mr. Salvador, you received an invitation to today’s jewelry fair a week 
ago. Ada will be there. We don’t have to…” 
Before lan could finish, Justin declined without hesitation. “I’m not 
going.” 
“Uh… Are you sure?” 
lan blinked. “The company was embarrassed when Ada chose KS Group over us. If we choose not to attend the event, the public will only be left to speculate on our absence. The press will have a field. day, saying that we refused to attend because we’re jealous of the KS World Hotel for getting Ada’s wedding. We are going to be called 
petty.” 
“Bethany will be there. She’s responsible for winning Ada over.” 
Unfazed, Justin taunted, “Like attracts like. When there’s a bustle, you
can count on Bethany to be there.” 
“Ahem. I just received word that the young madam is there right now.” 
The man’s dark eyes flickered. 
“I need a change of clothes, and bring the car around.” 
lan snickered to himself. Justin always acted on his feelings when 
Bella was concerned. 
The luxury jewelry brand AX held a show at the Savrow International 
Convention Center. 
Many influential figures in the fashion industry and A-list celebrities arrived on the scene, gracing the red carpet like it was the Oscars. 
The international star, Ada Wang, stood out among the crowd. She was not just the biggest celebrity but also the ambassador of AX in 
Meridan. 
As the heiresses of Savrow’s conglomerates, Bethany and Zoe were on the list that other D-list celebrities cracked their heads to get onto. 
Bethany and Zoe walked the red carpet, posing endlessly in front of 
the cameras. The press was annoyed with their extended airtime.
If the host had not invited them into the venue time and again, they would probably have rooted themselves on the red carpet. 
“Jesus, get a life. Don’t they own carpets? It’s embarrassing that they keep hanging around and refusing to leave.”
###chapter376
The reporters complained about Zoe and Bethany, who were on the 
red carpet. 
“I would have just let it go, but they came out later than Ada. They think too highly of themselves to be fashionably late.” 
“I didn’t take a single photo. I don’t want to waste my storage space. 
on the worthless.” 
“Bethany is the heiress of Salvador Corporation. I heard Zoe is the 
sister of Ryan Hoffman, the ‘Prince of Savrow’. These women aren’t 
famous, but they’re made of money. I bet they bought their order of 
appearance.” 
Thinking they had gotten their 15 minutes of fame, Bethany and Zoe 
happily walked into the venue. 
Once there, they realized that the press either interviewed big stars. like Ada or fashion designers. No one asked about them. 
“Damn it! Are these reporters blind?” 
Getting the snub, Bethany stamped her foot in rage. “How dare they ignore us! They must be blind. They won’t be able to work in this city
again if they cross me.” 
“Those reporters are snobs. They will circle you like sharks if you’re famous, capable, and influential.” 
Furious, Zoe took it out on Bethany by putting her down. 
“Yeah. My mom won’t let me interact with the media, and it’s not al social circle I hang out in. She said it’s beneath wealthy people to 
associate with the lower class.” 
Bethany might be working together with Zoe for her own purpose, but she was not going to let Zoe push her around. 
Pulling a harmless look, she mocked, “But Zoe, you’re a socialite and the apprentice of a top pianist. I can’t believe no one came to interview you. That’s just rude. I’m angry for your sake. Why don’t I pull a few reporters over to interview you, so it won’t look 
embarrassing?” 
“Ha! That isn’t necessary. I prefer to keep a low profile. I don’t like to be surrounded by reporters like a monkey in a zoo.” Zoe scoffed. 
The frenemies rolled their eyes and turned away from each other. 
A flurry of footsteps came behind them. 
“Look! It’s Ms. Thompson!” 
“Wow! I didn’t see her on the red carpet, so I didn’t expect her to be 
here. She’s so elusive!”
“The Thompson heiress is discreet. She’s successful at manag hotel and winning Ada Wang over. She’s beautiful and capable! 
unlike most heiresses, who only spend money and hang around r 
carpets.” 
Even though the press did not name anyone in particular, Bethany and 
Zoe felt their cheeks burning. 
The press swarmed toward Bella. 
Among them, two reporters did not look where they were going and bumped into Bethany and Zoe. They staggered, nearly falling to their 
feet. 
“Hey! Are you blind?” Bethany shouted angrily once she stopped 
herself from falling. 
Zoe shook in rage. Her complexion was flushed as the press crowded. 
over to Bella. 
“Ms. Thompson, you have won the contract to organize Ada Wang’s wedding, defeating the Salvador Corporation. What are your 
thoughts?” A reporter asked loudly.
“It’s an honor to work with Ada. I am grateful for her trust in the KS World Hotel. I want to make it clear that KS Group and the Salvador Corporation were competing for the same opportunity, but that doesn’t mean the Salvador Corporation is any less because we won the contract. The Salvador Hotel has a longer history in Savrow than 
the KS World Hotel, setting the standards in the industry. I hope you 
don’t hold the outcome against the Salvador Hotel. It doesn’t change. KS Group’s business relationship with the Salvador Corporation.” 
Even though Bella had won a major victory, she knew when to be humble. She would never gloat, make enemies, or belittle the Salvador Corporation because it would be an ugly look on her. 
“Oh, my! Ms. Thompson is so charismatic. I’m falling for her.” 
“Yeah. She’s humble even when she has won. She’s so nice. I found 
her underhanded before for swooping in on the project, but I don’t 
think so now.” 
The crowd exprèssed their praise for Bella. 
Zoe’s eyes were bloodshot with resentment, and her clenched fists 
trembled. 
She noticed that Bella wore a pair of golden rose earrings embedded with red gemstones. She matched the earrings with a red gemstone. 
necklace.
It was the red beryl, the most valuable gemstone of its kind. 
Bethany stared at the huge red beryl hanging around Bella’s neck and took a huge gulp enviously. 
Zoe was jealous too, but she quickly noticed something. 
As she narrowed her eyes, a plan came to mind.
###chapter377
Chapter 377
Bella attended the fashion event today, not to show off or flaunt her status as the Thompson heiress but to accomplish two things.
First, she wanted to respond to the accusation of stealing the project from the Salvador Corporation in an interview with the media. She wanted to set things straight and put an end to the rumors.
Second, Bella wanted to present Ada with a gift, but in truth, she was keeping an eye on Bethany, making sure she had the upper hand in the situation. Bella refused to allow the scheming woman to ruin things for her.
Ada and a dashing middle-aged man in a tailored brown tux walked toward Bella.
"Ms. Thompson, let me introduce this man to you."
Ada introduced, "This is Vincent Anderson, the CEO of AX Jewelry. He's a good friend of mine.
"Vince, meet Ms. Bella Thompson, the general manager of KS World Hotel. She's a talented young lady."
Vincent, a native of Inalia, hailed from a royal lineage.
This was not his first visit to Savrow or the country of Orealm. He had fallen in love with this country a long time ago.
"Pleased to meet you, Mr. Anderson. Welcome to Savrow."
Bella smiled and extended her hand to Vincent.
"I'm pleased to meet you too, Ms. Thompson. It's an honor to have you at our show," Vincent responded, shaking her hand.
Ada glanced at Vincent and then Bella. Something appeared strange between them.
They should be meeting each other for the first time, but Vincent and Bella behaved like they had met before.
The press was stunned.
Vincent, born into privilege and with royal blood in his veins, held himself above all.
Nevertheless, he smiled warmly at Bella, like she was his daughter.
Bella was something else. Still, she was a beautiful young lady, so it made sense that she was popular among the men.
"What a coincidence, Ms. Thompson. Fancy seeing you here."
Holding onto her fancy train, Zoe strutted her way toward Bella.
Zoe looked like an innocent angel with her smiling eyes and cute dimples.
Bella narrowed her eyes, her icy gaze falling on Zoe.
She proceeded to give Zoe the cold shoulder. Bella said to Vincent and Ada with a smile, “ Let's chat over there."
The snub drove Zoe mad. Her eyes turned bloodshot, and her blood ran cold.
Her brother was Ryan Hoffman! The nerve of Bella to look down on her!
Vincent and Ada shared the same idea. Just as the trio were about to leave, Zoe said with a fake smile, "That's a beautiful set of jewelry you have there, Ms. Thompson. The red beryl goes well with the rose gold. I was drawn to your jewelry from afar."
All eyes were on Bella.
Bella curled her lips composedly. "Thanks for the compliment."
"But I doubt these jewelry pieces are the work of AX." Zoe pointed out with sinister eyes.
Everybody squinted for a good look, and Zoe was right.
While Bella's jewelry was exquisite, the experts could tell that it was not AX's design.
That was a major faux pas for the brand, and it happened right in front of AX's CEO, Vincent Anderson.
"Today is AX's show. It's inappropriate for you to wear the works of other designers, Ms. Thompson."
Zoe lifted her chin, revealing the taunt in her eyes. "For a woman of your status, with the support of Hatchbay's KS Group, it shouldn't be difficult to comply with and respect the brand. You are attending the brand's event. Maybe you're wearing your own design, Ms. Thompson? Are you trying to promote your brand through AX's show? Well, you're the businesswoman who beat Mr. Salvador, and you're all about the business. That's good marketing,"
It was just the right amount of sarcasm.
The press whispered among themselves and glanced at Bella.
###chapter378
“She’s an heiress of the KS Group. Surely, she knows the rules of the 
trade.” 
“Duh, of course, she does. She’s probably trying to take advantage of 
the situation. Gee, the lengths businesswomen go to get a leg up in 
the industry. For all we know, she might have used underhanded 
methods to beat Mr. Salvador and gain Ada’s trust.” 
“Tsk, tsk. I was impressed with Ms. Thompson, but she turned out to be shameless and despicable.” 
Zoe smirked, knowing she had won this round. ‘You’re one cocky 
bitch, Bella. I’ll show you your place today. The best way to take you down a notch is to make people question your integrity.” 
Unbeknownst to Zoe, Justin, who came late, had witnessed 
everything she had said and done. 
The man hung back in the dark, staring indifferently at Zoe, who was pleased with herself. 
Standing tall in his tailored suit with fabric that draped smoothly 
across his toned chest, Justin scowled. 
“Mr. Salvador, that woman is picking on the young madam.” lan was
anxious to watch. 
Justin pursed his lips. 
He leaned in and paused. 
“Just wait.” 
“Still” lan widened his eyes in confusion. 
“She’s Bella Thompson, not a typical woman. She has her way of dealing with it.” 
Justin narrowed his eyes. Even he did not realize that his smile was 
tender and proud. “Even if she doesn’t, she has me.” 
lan’s eyes bulged as he stared at Justin’s side profile in disbelief. lant 
held onto his chest. 
Justin added, “She was my woman. No one but me can pick on her. 
-No one.” 
lan thought, ‘Good grief! Is he still the ruthless president that I knew? 
Has the world turned upside down? Could this tender look on Mr. 
Salvador’s face melt the Antarctic iceberg? Sigh… It’s a shame that 
Young Madam could not witness it.” 
Public opinion was swaying on the other end of the room.
Bella’s choice of jewelry started a stir, as promoting another business during a brand event was disgraceful and against the rules. 
Hiding behind Zoe, Bethany took delight in Bella’s unfortunate 
situation. 
Bella observed with a calm expression as Zoe stirred the pot. Her unperturbed gaze did not sit well with Zoe. 
Zoe expected to see Bella flustered, helpless, and embarrassed. 
She had a problem with that. 
“Miss.” 
Vincent, who had kept quiet thus far, said with a pretentious smile, “I see that you’re wearing AX’s Everlasting Flower collection. It’s a 
limited edition with only ten of its kind.” 
“Yes, Mr. Anderson. I love AX’s jewelry pieces, and this is my favorite 
collection.” 
Zoe’s eyes lit up, and her heart raced as she managed to catch the 
eye of AX’s CEO. 
“Since you love the collection, you should know that the inspiration 
for AX’s Everlasting Flower collection came from a talented jewelry designer, Alexa’s Rose of Desire.”
Vincent cocked his head. A flicker of light dancing on Bella’s left rose 
gold earring held his gaze. 
The look on Vincent’s face was too suggestive from Justin’s 
perspective. 
He pursed his discolored lips, unable to take the male attention Bella 
received. 
“Ms. Thompson’s jewelry set is Alexa’s Rose of Desire. In other 
words, without the Rose of Desire, the popular Everlasting Flower 
collection would’ve never existed.”
###chapter379
Everybody’s jaw dropped. 
Zoe and Bethany were not the only ones shocked. As Vincent’s friend and Alexa’s die-hard fan, Ada had no idea. 
Ada could not believe that Bella’s jewelry set was Alexa’s 
masterpiece. She had heard about the “Rose of Desire” but had never 
seen it. 
For once, Ada envied the rich. 
Bella sneaked Vincent a grateful look. 
She knew she did not have to explain herself because Vincent would 
sort out those troublemakers at his show. 
There was no need to waste time on unimportant people. 
Justin’s eyes never strayed away from Bella. He was fuming. 
He was certain that Bella knew the man, and they were close. 
“Who is that old man?” Justin asked in a chilling voice. 
“Vincent Anderson is the CEO of AX. His grandfather was the last 
Duke of Inalia, and his grandmother was the founder of AX. His
family owns the brand, so that’s why he’s the CEO. 
lan added with a wink, “Vincent inherited the dukedom, and the royal 
family bestowed him with a huge estate. That’s not the only thing. He 
is one of the top five richest men in Inalia. His net worth is tens of 
billions of dollars. The young madam is awesome. I can’t believe she 
has royal friends!” 
Justin breathed heavily and swallowed hard. He clutched his fingers. 
resentfully. 
“Wow, Mr. Anderson just stood up for the young madam. Don’t tell 
me he fancies her!” 
Hit by a realization, lan exclaimed, “If Mr. Anderson is interested in the young madam, she will have hope of becoming a duchess. She’s a wealthy heiress. If she marries royalty… OMG! The young madam. will be living the life of every woman’s dreams!” 
“That’s never going to happen. Vincent is old enough to be her father.. She won’t fancy him,” Justin responded solemnly. 
A fan of gossip, lan could not stop yapping. “Well, you can’t say for certain. The young madam might prefer mature men. Otherwise she wouldn’t have fallen for you. You’re six years older than her.” 
Justin shot lan a menacing look.
Six years and twenty-odd years were a huge difference. 
Breaking out in a cold sweat, lan pinched his lips together and made. 
a gesture to zip them. He looked comical and pitiful. 
His banter got to Justin’s head. 
Justin no longer resented her for lying to him again and again. 
He started to whine about the outstanding men around her. He was 
pushed to the back of the line. 
“OMG! The CEO of an international luxury jewelry brand just publicly 
admitted using Alexa’s pieces as a reference. This is an 
embarrassment to his company.” 
“I don’t think so. I think Mr. Anderson is forthright. Besides, he wasn’t using Alexa’s work for reference. He said he drew inspiration from 
Alexa’s creation.” 
“We did take elements from Alexa’s designs.” 
Amid the press’ chatter, Vincent admitted, “Ms. Alexa is well aware of 
1. We talked in private, and Ms. Alexa permitted us to apply the elements in the Everlasting Flower collection. She has also. participated in the design.”
Everybody gasped in awe. 
Zoe’s smug face stiffened, 
“So I’m glad Ms. Thompson wore Alexa’s pieces to attend AX’s event.” Vincent glanced at Bella before looking away. 
“There’s one more thing you aren’t aware of, Ms. Hoffman.” Bella chuckled and continued, “AX and Alexa have been close partners for many years. There is one rule the VIP members of AX Jewelry know 
1. 
“They are free to wear Alexa’s jewelry pieces to AX’s events and will be seated in the VVIP section. If that isn’t enough, AX offers free 
lifetime maintenance and care for customers who own Alexa’s 
jewelry pieces. You’re a fan of AX jewelry. How come you didn’t 
know?” 
Zoe turned pale. She was speechless. 
Although she owned many of AX’s jewelry pieces, the membership 
threshold was set too high. Not only did it require a significant 
amount of spending history, but there was a strict assessment of the 
either member’s wealth and background. Zoe did not pass
requirement despite being Ryan’s sister. 
Hence, she did not know about the rule.
###chapter380
Bethany quietly stepped back, keeping her distance from Zoe. She did. not want to be associated with Zoe now that she had made a fool of 
herself. 
It dawned on the press. They gave Zoe strange looks. 
“It’s absurd that Ms. Hoffman pointed her finger at someone else. 
when she wasn’t even a VIP member of AX.” 
“She should’ve minded herself instead of others.” 
“Just because she owns a few jewelry pieces doesn’t mean she’s an 
expert. She talks big in front of the brand’s CEO, but he probably 
doesn’t even know who she is. 
“Tsk, tsk. She certainly doesn’t have Ms. Thompson’s refinement and 
grace.” 
‘What did they say?! The horrible media listed me, a Hoffman, beneath 
Bella.’ Zoe nearly lost it. 
She had never been so humiliated. 
Without sparing Zoe a glance, Bella walked away, sharing a good
conversation with Vincent and Ada. 
The press followed them, leaving Zoe all on her own. The shame 
washed the color off her face. 
“Oh, no, Zoe!” 
Bethany took quick paces to her and grabbed her arm. She murmured 
nervously, “Justin is here!” 
“Justin? W-Where is he?” Zoe sweated bullets. 
“He’s not too far behind you, and he’s looking in this direction. I don’t know when he got here or how much he saw.” 
Zoe gasped and stiffly turned her head. 
In the shadows, Justin looked coldly at her from the corner. 
Zoe felt strangled by an invisible pair of hands. 
Her breathing, heartbeat, and brain threatened to stop working all at 
once. 
“J-Justin…” 
Furrowing his brows, Justin shook his head emotionlessly and walked away without looking back. Ian followed him. 
As a cold shiver ran down her spine, Zoe staggered backward.
Justin’s gaze cut through her, severing any ties between them. 
Zoe cried in the washroom. “Sob, sob, sob… Damn it… Why can’t the 
bitch go to hell? I wish a car could run her over.” 
With her hands over her face, Zoe wailed until her makeup smeared. 
Her black eyeliner smudged all over her face. 
She cried, not just because Bella ruined her socially. 
It was also because Justin caught her giving Bella hell, and Zoe could 
not talk her way out of it. 
“I know, right? Why can’t God strike her with lightning?” Bethany ranted with Zoe, but in secret, she was glad. 
“Why did you just stand there and watch? Why didn’t you stand up for me?” Zoe took her anger out on Bethany. 
“I-I’m slow. I didn’t know what to say. You’ve been the one to give me ideas. What can I do? I wouldn’t have waited until now to deal with 
Bella if I was smart enough,” Bethany explained. 
Zoe wept and asked resentfully, “Have you gotten a reply from Xena Gordon yet? Still no update? She’s useless.”
“Take it easy. Good things come to those who wait. The woman hates Bella with all her heart. She will do everything to help us.” 
Bethany’s phone buzzed. 
She pulled it out for a look and smiled wickedly. She waved the phone 
aat Zoe. “Speak of the devil! Xena’s calling.” 
2 Zoe gritted her teeth menacingly. “This time, I must make Bella fall 
indrom grace for sure.”
###chapter381
Vincent led Bella and Ada to the lounge backstage, where the trio enjoyed a glass of champagne and talked.
After a long chat, Ada’s agent called her for an important interview.
With her gone, Vincent and Bella were the only ones left in the lounge.
“I haven’t seen you in three years. How have you been doing, Alexa?” Vincent looked at her tenderly, his eyes reflecting the affection of a mentor. There was nothing romantic between them.
“As you can see, nothing has changed much.” Bella spread her arms apart and smiled relaxedly.
“You have matured a lot in the last three years. I can see it in your eyes. Where have you gone? Did you find inspiration all around the world?” Noticing the crease etched between her brows, Vincent asked worriedly.
“I didn’t travel. I’ve been to the farmer’s market and back for three years. The passion’s long gone.” Bella sighed with sadness in her eyes.
“You’re funny as always.”
Vincent clinked glasses with her and asked with a smile, “When are you planning to reveal that you’re Alexa? It’s a shame to hide that dazzling side of you.”
“I want to, but I have more important things to do. Revealing it might invite unnecessary problems too. Whenever I’m going to unveil my identity, I must make it valuable and meaningful. I need to land it at the precise moment for the maximum impact.”
“True, I’ve known you long enough to know that you always focus on maximizing your efforts.”
Vincent chuckled warmly. “We’re long-time friends. Don’t be a stranger. Talk to me if something’s bothering you.”
Bella responded with a smile, understanding what he was trying to say. “Someone always wanted to be an exclusive part of AX. The sudden drop in sales recently seems to be linked to their bad management.”
Vincent nodded, listening intently. “Ms. Thompson, it seems Ms. Young has something to do with the declining market. She has been throwing her weight around, but now it’s obvious there’s something more.”
Bella shrugged gracefully. “Do what makes you happy. In my view, the way you’ve handled everything has been impressive. It’s your decision, and no matter what, I’ll support you.”
With the show beginning, Vincent left the lounge with Bella.
The pair had not gotten far when a husky voice was heard.
“Bella.”
Bella’s heart skipped a beat, and she looked back with a frown.
Justin walked toward her against the light with a long face. The man gave Vincent a dirty look as he drew close, and Vincent got the hint. He chuckled and asked Bella, “Is he a friend of yours, Ms. Thompson?”
“A friend? As if.” Bella sneered, but she was bewildered.
Justin was a proud and aloof man, a stark contrast to the outgoing Ryan. Thus, Justin was never keen on attending such events. It was unlike him to attend a jewelry show.
Ha. Bella believed it probably had to do with his foolish, mean, and clingy little admirer.
Justin strode toward them, his eyes fixated on Bella.
“Ms. Thompson, aren’t you going to introduce me to this man here?”
“I doubt that’s necessary, Mr. Salvador. The Salvador Corporation doesn’t dabble in jewelry. I don’t think you and Mr. Anderson mingle in the same social circle.” Bella declined indifferently, reluctant to waste pleasantries on him.
Justin pursed his lips.
Despite the setback, Justin did not back down. Instead, he courteously extended his hand to Vincent.
“Nice to meet you, Mr. Anderson.”
“Likewise, Mr. Salvador. I didn’t think you knew Ms. Thompson.” Vincent shook his hand with composure.
“I guess you aren’t close with Ms. Thompson.” Justin narrowed his eyes dangerously. “If you two were close, you would know who I am to Ms. Thompson.”
Vincent furrowed his brows, feeling the strong grip from the man’s handshake. The pair put their muscle power into the handclasp.
Justin had no idea what had gotten into him. He was not the immature and restless type.
###chapter382
Justin could not shake off the frustration when he saw Bella being 
close to another man. He wanted to get rid of all the male attention 
around her. 
He could not explain his strange behavior. He was acting like an 
abandoned husband. 
Justin had always been good at self-restraint, but that was out of the 
window when Bella was in question. 
Annoyed, Bella sneered, “We have a special relationship, the see-you- 
never type.” 
“Bella.” Justin’s breath hitched, and his voice turned raspy. 
“Ex-husbands are never considered close. A good ex keeps their distance and stays out of the picture. Surely, Mr. Salvador, you’re 
familiar with this concept?” 
‘Ex-husband?’ Vincent was shocked. He did not think Alexa had been 
married before. 
As her long-time friend, Vincent had never heard of her marriage. Why did Alexa marry this man?
A perfect woman like Alexa had better choices. Why did she marry a jealous man? 
“Feel free to make things hard for me, Mr. Salvador. Seeing you is enough to make me miserable, so I don’t mind getting more hell from you. But Mr. Anderson is an important friend of mine. I hope you don’t 
give him any trouble.” 
Bella furrowed her brows. “Have some dignity, my dear ex-husband.” 
Justin tensed his jawline, and his fingers dug into his clammy palms. 
Her words bit. 
Bella would take him on just to protect and stand up for someone 
else. 
Justin, an ex-husband she once loved, was dead to her. 
“The show’s starting. Aren’t you going to keep your little lady company, Mr. Salvador? She might panic if she doesn’t see you.” 
Bella left Justin frozen there and prepared to leave with Vincent. 
Flustered, the man gripped her arm. 
“Hey! Your relationship is over the moment you divorce. Please respect Ms. Thompson.” 
Vincent tried to intervene, but Bella raised her arm to stop him. 
“They’ll be waiting for your speech. Go on ahead, Vincent. I’m fine 
here.”
“But- 
“Don’t worry. We’re divorced. What can he do to me?” 
Justin felt like she ripped his heart out, and the pain made him clutch. 
her arm harder. 
Vincent knew that others should not get involved in the history 
between the former couple. Trusting that no one would have the 
audacity to stir trouble at his event, Vincent left ahead of Bella. 
It was quiet along the corridor. 
Justin could hear his heart thumping, so he held his breath. Still, it did. 
nothing. 
“Let go.” Bella gritted her teeth and put up a struggle. Her eyes. 
reflected her lack of emotion. 
“You were talking about Zoe, right?” 
Anxious, Justin pulled her toward him. 
As her supple body pressed against his strong body, their breaths 
mingled.
“Ha, I didn’t name any names. How did you know I was talking about 
Ms. Hoffman?” 
Justin could not stand to see Bella’s mocking gaze. 
“Oh, little Zoe must mean something to you because you thought about her right away as soon as I mentioned your lady friend.” 
Bella intentionally said this. 
Justin let out a wry smile. 
He could not argue with this woman 
However, Justin was more curious than angry. He was curious as to 
who he was to Bella. 
He asked in a hoarse voice, “Are you jealous, Bella?” 
“Hahaha!” 
Bella laughed and shook her head. “Are you dumb, Justin? Why would you ask me that? When I was your wife, you were all over Rosalind, taking her to see the lighting ceremony in Meridan during Christmas and creating a unique jewelry piece for her. I wasn’t jealous when you were cruel to me. Now that we’re divorced, you have the nerve to ask me whether I am jealous. How vile are you?”
###chapter383
Standing before Bella, Justin took Bella’s tongue-lashing 
defenselessly. 
Bella was right. He had done all the things she mentioned. 
“Nothing is going on between me and Zoe, Bella. She’s not my little lady!” The anxiety flushed Justin’s ears red as he shouted. 
He was not one to apologize, but he was desperate this time. 
“Why tell me? It has nothing to do with me.” 
Bella had no patience with him anymore. She looked at him with disgust. “I don’t care if anything or nothing is going on between you two. I don’t want your explanation. Let go of me. I want to see the 
show.” 
“Aren’t you concerned? Why did you talk about it if you didn’t care? You mentioned it at the police station that night and now.” 
Justin hated the misunderstanding. His eyes welled up, and his shoulders trembled as the emotions got to him. “You care about the women I get with, so it shows that you still care about me. You’re not over me, as you said you were.” 
“It’s not that I care, but I loathe you, Justin.” 
Bella stared at him while prying his fingers from her arm. “If I knew you kept your old flame and lady friends around, I wouldn’t have fallen in love with you. I’m relieved I got out of it when I did, but I can’t
stand the fact that the man I once loved can’t admit that he’s a cheating 
bastard.” 
Justin breathed heavily as his world came crashing down on him. 
It felt awful to be misunderstood. He felt bitter and wronged. 
Bella was stung by the man’s broken look. 
Still, she did not stay. She turned her back against him and walked 
away. 
The past is in the past. Despite the unclosed chapter of regret and 
love, it was time to move on. 
Bella’s phone rang. It was Steven. 
“What’s up, Steve?” She pulled herself together. 
“TL: 
“This is bad, Ms. Bella. Check Twitter now!” Steven spoke in a panic! 
Bella scowled. She had a bad feeling. 
She pulled out her phone to check Twitter. 
The color drained from her face, and she cussed. 
“Shit!”
Ada’s leaked wedding plans were trending in the top spot. 
Bella and her team painstakingly put together a wedding setup, but the plans were exposed in photos on the web. 
Everything was out there. 
Justin was lost in his whirlwind of emotions when he heard Bella 
curse. Dumbstruck at first, he soon curled his lips. 
The woman seemed more alive since leaving him. It felt like she was living life rather than going through the motions now. She was more adorable than when she simply did as she was told. 
He approached her. 
She sprinted to the end of the corridor in her high heels, ditching him. 
far behind. 
Feeling that something was not right, Justin looked at her receding figure and picked up the phone to call lan’s number. 
“Mr. Salvador.” 
“Did something happen at KS Group?” The man asked intuitively. “Yes, Mr. Salvador. I was about to report to you about it.”
###chapter384
lan said anxiously, “Leaked KS World Hotel photos of Ada’s wedding 
design are taking Twitter by storm. The photos are going viral. 
because of the sheer number of shares.” 
With a raised brow, Justin asked, “Which media released them? 
“A verified freelancer in the media.” 
“Some people would just expose anything.” The man’s eyes darkened 
as he scowled. 
“M-Mr. Salvador, with photos of the wedding setup out, will they do 
the young madam any harm?” lan asked nervously. 
“Of course. Otherwise, she wouldn’t have disappeared in the blink of 
an eye. She usually keeps it together.” 
Justin looked in the direction Bella left, feeling for her. “If my guess is 
right, Ada must have added a term to the contract with Bella about 
keeping her wedding details under wraps until the big day. Otherwise, 
it will be a breach of contract.”
“A breach of contract? That bad?” 
“Since the wedding setup was leaked, KS Group has violated the 
terms. Even if KS Group doesn’t need to compensate Ada monetarily, 
I believe Ada will have her wedding elsewhere. KS World Hotel will no 
longer be her consideration,” Justin said solemnly. 
In other words, Bella’s efforts went up in smoke after the elaborate 
scheme. 
The incredible KS World Hotel was out of the game! 
“Jesus… The young madam is intelligent and cautious. How could she be played?” 
Justin clenched his fists angrily.. 
He and Bella were rivals, so he should be happy that KS Group was in 
trouble. 
However, Justin could not smile. 
“Investigate the media. Who is the person in charge? Look into why 
the photos are exposed.” 
Ada’s exposed wedding venue photos quickly became a hot topic.
Everybody at the show knew about it, but the severity of the matter eluded onlookers. They complimented the wonderful wedding setup. 
in front of Ada. It was the wedding of their dreams. 
However, Ada was miffed. 
Before the show was over, Ada shied away from public attention and 
left the scene in a hurry without saying goodbye to Vincent. 
Sitting across from the runway, Zoe and Bethany caught sight of it all. 
“Hehe. Xena works fast.” The malice in Zoe’s eyes was out of place 
on her angelic face. 
When Ada stormed off, Zoe knew she had gotten what she wanted. 
Zoe thought, ‘So what if you’re the daughter of the richest man in 
Hatchbay, Bella? So what if you own ten thousand pieces of jewelry? You’ve been played. You lost.”‘ 
“I guess the apple doesn’t fall far from the tree. Xena knows her stuff like her father.” 
Bethany clapped her hands with a sigh. “I can’t believe how quickly she got pictures of the wedding setup. Is she a journalist? I think she should change careers and become a spy.” 
“Refrain from contacting Xena for now. We don’t want the whole thing to trace back to us.” 
Following a glint in her eyes, Zoe stood tall. “I took out Bella for you, Bethany. Now it’s up to you to seal the deal with Ada.”
“Don’t worry. Now that Ada’s furious, I’m sure she will pick us after KS Group’s breach of contract.” 
Bethany straightened her back triumphantly. “The Salvador Hotel and KS World Hotel are the only reputable hotels in the city. Ada will have 
to choose us now.”
###chapter385
After hearing from Vincent that Ada had left the show early, Bella rushed to the basement parking lot with Steven. 
Ada sat in the MPV with a scowl. 
As the car door began to slide shut, a hand gripped the edge, preventing it from closing. 
“I know you must be furious to see the post on Twitter, Ada. I’m livid too because the photos were leaked. KS Group has been kept in the 
dark about everything.” 
Bella was out of breath and sweating from running. 
Ada smiled pretentiously at Bella. She had been in the acting 
business for over thirty years, so she was an expert at controlling her expressions and emotions. 
Without throwing a fit, Ada said indifferently, “We have a deal, Ms. Thompson. I know that you might not be aware of the leak. I trust that you are a woman of principle, Ms. Thompson. Or Vincent won’t speak highly of you.” 
Steven’s eyes lit up because he believed all was not lost yet. 
Well, Steven and Bella were in for a rude awakening. 
“But you can’t deny that KS World Hotel has a serious concern about security measures, and that’s your responsibility as the general manager. The design of the wedding setup was leaked this time.
Next, it might be the client’s personal information. KS World Hotel’s 
management issue is the cause of today’s incident. Don’t you think so, Ms. Thompson?” 
Fuck. Things turned ugly quickly, and the woman did not hesitate to dump them. 
Flushed in the face, Steven was dying to stand up for Bella. 
He could take the insults and even a beating, but he could not stand others questioning and challenging Bella. It pained him to see the woman he watched growing up get hurt. 
Bella raised her arm to stop Steven. Composing herself, shel graciously admitted her fault. 
“My apologies, Ms. Wang. It was our negligence that resulted in the leak of the wedding setup photos. As the general manager of the 
hotel, I am at fault.” 
“Ms. Bella…” Seeing red, Steven clenched his fists. 
“You are better than most managers for acknowledging your mistake, Ms. Thompson, but it’s a fact that the contract has been breached. Regardless, the terms have been violated, so I will end my 
collaboration with KS Group as dictated in the contract. Otherwise 
see no point in having a contract in the first place. I’m sure you’d 
agree.” 
Ada smiled and gave her agent a look to close the door. 
“Please wait, Ms. Wang.”
Bella took a box from Steven and handed it to Ada humbly. “I 
understand your choice to cancel our partnership. Although we can’t work together, I believe we’re still friends. I have made the dessert 
you love, so I just want to deliver it to you.” 
Ada glanced at the box without taking it. She said, “Thank you for 
your kindness. When we have a chance to work together again, I’ll accept your gift.” 
Bella gritted her teeth as the MPV drove away. 
“Ada insulted you by not accepting the gift. That was mean!” Steven was furious, but there was nothing he could do about it. 
KS World Hotel was at fault to begin with. 
“I can understand why she did what she did. She wasn’t insulting me. She didn’t have a reason to accept my gift since the deal was off. With her wedding drawing close, I’m sure she’s restless after what happened. She has to look for another hotel now.” 
Bella drew a deep breath to calm herself. “Even though Ada isn’t collaborating with us anymore, I’m not over the matter. The priority. now is to find the person who did this to me. Let’s not forget about- the mole hiding among us.” 
“A mole?” 
Widening his eyes in disbelief, Steven murmured, “Are you suspecting one of us? I thought Bethany was behind this.”
“Sure, Bethany started it, but without help from the mole, she couldn’t 
possibly have succeeded. We should start vetting from inside our 
organization.”
###chapter386
Elia’s almond-shaped eyes gradually opened, feeling as if everything around her was fading. It’s interesting that they think if I don’t show them my power, they won’t back off.
Bella was discouraged that their big client, Ada Wang, had canceled the cooperation. However, what was most important at the moment was to find the traitor in the hotel. Otherwise, they would face even bigger problems.
Steven felt very uncomfortable seeing Bella worried. She gently placed the box on the table and walked out without looking back.
“It’s just trash now. Let’s go,” Bella said, urging Steven as they left.
As Steven and Bella left, a tall and upright figure walked in.
Lexin covered Bella’s retreating figure with complex emotions in his starry eyes. “Mr. Salvador, it seems the young madam will be very busy during this time. It’ll be difficult to meet with her.”
Justin was silent. He walked to the trash can, leaned over, and picked up the box that Bella had discarded without any care.
“Mr. Salvador! Don’t pick it up. It’s too dirty!” Ian, usually a carefree person, couldn’t stand the dirt.
Ian thought, When has the dignified and arrogant Mr. Salvador ever humbled himself like this? He shouldn’t have picked it up, even if the young madam was the one who threw it away.
“It’s fine. It’s not like I never did this kind of thing when I was a kid,” Justin spoke nonchalantly. He recalled the time he saw Bella in the kitchen carefully making this dessert and couldn’t help but feel a surge of warmth in his heart. “Let’s go.”
Bella returned to the KS World Hotel and called all senior management and members of the wedding planning team to the conference room for an emergency meeting.
Everyone was furious when they heard that Ada Wang had canceled the cooperation. Seeing that their efforts were in vain, some even cried in exasperation.
Bella saw it and felt the same way. Her heart ached too. She was not afraid that the cooperation fell through, nor did she care that she had suffered a loss. What she feared most was the disappointment of her colleagues, who had worked hard with her.
“It’s alright. This isn’t a big deal, and it’s not like we’re out of solutions. We will operate as usual, and please don’t take it to heart,” Bella laughed heartily, her beautiful eyes arching into crescents. “Don’t worry about the holiday I promised you all. We’ll still go ahead with it. Don’t cry because of this. It’s not your fault.”
However, everyone said they would cancel the holiday and devote themselves to work to make up for the losses.
After the meeting ended, everyone left. Steven looked outside to make sure no one was lingering behind before he closed the door of the conference room.
“Ms. Bella, why didn’t you tell them about the mole in the hotel while everyone was here?” Steven couldn’t help but frown in confusion. “You could put pressure on them, and I’ll observe their micro-expressions. That way, we can find out who the mole is!”
“Tsk, you’re so naive, Steven.” Bella’s fair arms naturally rested on the armrest of the leather chair. She spun around in circles and said, “Since this matter is widely known, do you think the traitor will be unprepared? They must assume that I wanted to discuss this in the meeting. But I didn’t fulfill their wish and pretended not to care. That way, they won’t be able to predict my thoughts.”
Steven couldn’t help but laugh. Bella was indeed a quirky person.
“Since the traitor has already succeeded in their plan and got away without getting caught, there is no point in putting pressure on them.”
Suddenly, Bella’s beautiful eyes darkened. “What we have to do is make them let down their guard and think that nothing is wrong. Then we’ll throw out the bait and let them bite it.”
“Ms. Bella, I will check the surveillance cameras in a moment to see if any suspicious people have approached the wedding venue. In addition, I will investigate the account that exposed the photos to see who broke the news to them!”
Bella’s narrowed eyes revealed a dangerous sense of oppression. “Alright. Go ahead.”
###chapter387
The next day at Salvador Corporation, lan knocked on Justin’s office. 
door and entered in a hurry. 
“Mr. Salvador, I’ve investigated… Ahhhh!” 
lan could not help but scream mid-sentence because it was too late. 
to stop Justin from eating the contaminated food. 
He watched helplessly as Justin sat at the table and took a bite out 
of the pastry that came from the dirty box. 
Crunch– 
Justin opened his mouth wide, squinted his eyes, and took a bite with 
relish. 
“Mr. Salvador! You can’t eat this! It was from the trash can. How 
could you eat it?!” lan spoke anxiously. 
“Only the box is dirty. The inside is still clean.” Justin took another 
bite. 
It tasted really good. However, it was a pity that this box of dessert
was not made for him. 
Thinking of this, Justin felt bitterness on the tip of his tongue and 
throat. 
Bella used to do this for him every day back then, but he did not cherish it. Now, the only way he could taste her food was if he picked 
it up from the trash can. 
His life was truly miserable. 
“So, how’s the investigation going?” Justin put away the remaining 
dessert and asked in a leisurely manner. 
“Ahem… After some coercion and inducement on my part, that 
influencer finally revealed an important clue!” 
“Stop beating around the bush.” 
“That influencer said that he only received Ada Wang’s wedding setup through a private message. Someone just used him to help break the news, but he had no idea who was behind the scenes.” 
“Oh, have you signed up for any courses in your spare time lately?” Justin raised his eyes coldly. 
“Huh?” lan was startled. 
“Perhaps ‘How to Bullshit for Dummies”?”
Justin raised his eyebrows and continued, “Is this the supposedly important clue you found? You don’t even know who is behind the scenes. I think your bonus should be donated to those in need.” 
“Mr. Salvador, have mercy! I’ve already found that person’s accoun 
but I haven’t checked the account yet before I rushed back to report to you. I’ll check it out right now!” lan’s face turned pale when he heard that his bonus was going to be deducted again. Although he 
did not have a family to raise, he wanted to save up for a future 
wedding. 
“Give me the account details. I’ll check it out myself.” Justin hooked his finger. 
“I shouldn’t bother you with this little thing…” 
“I’m going to lose if I wait for you.” 
Justin frowned. He had always been calm, but this time, he could not 
help but feel a little anxious. “I have to hurry up and find out the 
culprit before Bella’s brothers help her.” 
Oh, men and their competitive nature. 
“Mr. Salvador, I can finally die with no regrets seeing you come out of 
retirement!” lan was so excited that he almost covered his face and 
cried.
“You’ve been acting too much.” Justin’s eyes darkened, and he 
cracked his knuckles. 
In the military academy, Justin learned how to track, counter-track, 
collect intelligence, and decipher encryptions. However, after 
becoming the president of Salvador Corporation, these skills were left 
unused, so he became a bit rusty. 
At first, when Bella still went by the name “Anna Brown”, Justin had 
secretly used his hacking skills to obtain information on the identities 
of the mysterious men around her. 
As a result, he could not find anything. This made him understand. 
one thing-the men around Bella were no ordinary people. 
However, this time, the opponent should not be that strong. Justin. had to find out who it was. 
Seeing Justin so eager to give it a try, lan found it sweet and smiled 
suggestively. “Mr. Salvador, please tell me the truth. Do you have 
feelings for the young madam?” 
Justin glanced at him coldly and said, “Do you think that your salary 
is too high, so you’re eager to do charity?”
###chapter388
lan made a motion to zip his mouth again. 
“I owe her for the last three years.” 
Justin took a deep breath and lowered his eyes sadly. “I’ll make it up. 
to her in every little way I can.” 
At night, Asher and Axel dropped their work and rushed over to Bella’s 
villa after learning that something had gone wrong with Ada Wang’s 
cooperation. 
In the study, Axel was sweating profusely as he sat in front of the 
computer, his fingers clicking away on the keyboard. He was trying to 
track the information about the users behind the accounts that Bella 
provided him. 
Meanwhile, Bella sat leisurely on the sofa, clinking glasses with Asher 
and enjoying the top-quality red wine he brought over. 
“Hello, don’t you think you two are big bullies?” 
Axel was so busy that he had not even had a sip of water. He gritted
his teeth and said, “I came here just to be your slave while you two happily sip on wine. Don’t you think you guys are mean? How could you bully a public prosecutor?!” 
Seeing that his two siblings held no sympathy for him, Axel helplessly 
and aggrievedly shouted, “Don’t drink it all. Leave me a sip!” 
“Axel, if you work hard, I’ll offer you the hundreds of bottles of red wine in my underground wine cellar. Isn’t that enough of a bribe?” 
Bella teased him with a smile. 
“Bah! I’m an upright public servant. Don’t you try to corrode my will!” 
Axel frowned and clicked on the keyboard loudly. 
“Bella, Dad has already heard about this matter,” Asher said gently. 
“Haha. I knew that Wyatt would hear about the bad situation as soon 
as it happened. Is he just sitting at home waiting to see me fail?” 
Bella no longer had the mood to sip on wine. She folded her small 
feet and pouted her lips in distress. 
“Well, Dad did laugh at you.” 
Asher chuckled and raised his hand to pinch her angry little face. “Hist 
exact words were, ‘Why would she get depressed over such a trivial 
matter? Isn’t there anyone in the world that the brat can care about?!””
Bella was speechless. 
“Also, Dad said that Ada Wang will be filming the eighth season of 
March of the Dead’ next year. The producer found him through 
various connections and asked him to be an investor.” 
Asher leaned forward slightly and smiled mysteriously. “Dad told me 
privately that if you feel upset about what happened with Ada, he can. 
ask the producer to change the female lead of the 8th season at any 
time.” 
Bella gasped. She did not expect her father to have contacts in Hollywood. 
This old guy was really influential! 
“Ahem… There’s no need for that. We breached the contract first. Ada 
Wang did nothing wrong, so don’t ruin her career.” 
Bella sighed and still felt a little downcast. “Besides, I have already 
gone out to work on my own. I shouldn’t keep relying on my family for everything. Now that something like this has happened, the only way 
to relieve my anger is to find out the people who are involved. Then I will personally punish them.” 
“Very well. An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth. This is how Wyatt’s daughter should act.”
Asher’s eyes held a warm smile as he touched his little sister’s head. 
Bella could do whatever she wanted. She did not have to be afraid of 
anything because, even if the sky fell, her brothers would be there to 
support her. 
At this time, Bella’s phone vibrated on the coffee table. 
Bella glanced sideways. Her beautiful eyes narrowed slightly. 
Justin’s name on the caller ID pierced her eyes. 
“Your ex-husband is calling.” Asher looked at her with a smile and 
joked with her. 
“Ugh! I hate spam calls.” Bella turned over her phone screen, not 
wanting to pay attention to it. 
Suddenly, Steven rushed into the study with a frown. 
“Ms. Bella, Justin is here. He’s right outside our door!” 
At the same time, the doorbell rang
###chapter389
“Well, I guess this spam call came to harass you in person.” Asher took a sip of red wine, still in the mood to joke. 
After all, with Asher and Axel around, Jerkface Justin would not dare 
try anything. 
Otherwise, Asher would deal with him. By then, even Jesus would not 
be able to save him. 
“How dare that jerk come to our door? That motherfucking son of a 
bitch!” Axel cursed, keeping his eyes on the screen and typing with his 
hands. 
“Sigh…” 
…” Bella shook her head and stood up in frustration. “I’m the 
reason he’s here, so I should be the one to drive him away. I’ll go 
check it out.” 
Bella came to the entrance alone and turned on the video intercom. 
Justin’s cold and handsome face instantly appeared on the screen. 
“What are you doing here?”
Bella’s eyes were blank, as if he were a stranger to her. “Are there no 
other attractions in Savrow that you had to take a stroll around my 
house?” 
“Bella, please come out. Let’s talk,” Justin said in a deep voice, 
ignoring her mocking tone. 
“Can’t we talk like this? I can still see your face and hear your voice.” 
The man’s throat tightened as he exhaled deeply. 
The woman in front of him was truly cold and ruthless. 
“Bella, stop making a fuss and come out. I have something to tell 
you.” 
“Make a fuss? How am I making a fuss? You’re clearly not welcome 
here. Can’t you tell?” Bella could not help but sneer. 
“Come out. I want to see you.” 
Justin’s charming eyes twinkled in the dim light. His voice was so 
hoarse. He was holding back too many complicated emotions and 
only revealed them after it was too overwhelming. He wanted to let 
go of his pride and dignity.
“I want to see you.” 
Bella’s heart throbbed violently as her blood surged. She pursed her 
lips and took half a step back. 
After a while, she took a deep breath and laughed lightly. 
If she had heard Justin say this in the past, she would have be 
excited that she would have cried tears of joy. For these words, 
would be willing to do anything for him. 
However, these words came too late. It was disgraceful to be 
entangled in an expired marriage. It would only make her seem 
worthless. 
“Justin, the world is a cruel place. You can’t always get what you 
want.” 
Bella tilted her head. Her mocking tone chilled his heart. “You spent 
three years teaching me this concept.” 
“Bella…” Justin felt a lump in his throat, and all the nerves in his body 
spasmed. 
“I don’t think it’ll rain tonight.”
Bella raised her eyes to look at the moon and said in a cold tone,” 
Justin, last time I went out to see you, I was afraid that you would be 
struck to death by lightning. This time, there’s no way I will go out to 
see you.” 
Beep- 
The video intercom was turned off. The screen plunged into darkness. 
Justin stood outside the door with dull eyes. His body was enveloped 
in the desolate and chilly air of late fall, and the cold penetrated his 
core. 
Bella returned upstairs with sluggish steps. 
She did not understand how the man who used to ignore her had the 
nerve to go over to her house and tell her that he wanted to see her 
after their divorce. He was truly shameless. 
What else could he say to her? In the past three years, he could have 
talked to her about everything under the sun, but he chose to leave 
her alone in the huge villa and neglect her. 
She had wasted three years on him, so she vowed not to waste any
more time with this man. 
As Bella walked into the study, Steven asked with concern, “How are 
you feeling, Ms. Bella? Did Justin make things difficult for you?” 
“Hmph! He won’t dare.” 
Bella walked behind Asher, leaned over, and wrapped her arms tightly around her eldest brother’s neck, acting coquettishly. 
“What about you? Did you make things difficult for Justin?” Asher 
asked with a smile.. 
“No…” 
“What a pity.” 
Asher gently raised his hand to touch her cheek and joked, “I’m here 
tonight, so this is your opportunity to beat him up and vent your 
anger.” 
Bella rolled her eyes. “Thanks for the offer, Ash. But devout believers 
should use peaceful means to solve problems.” 
“Bella! I finally did it! Why don’t you open a bottle of red wine and 
reward me? I want the most expensive one!” Axel shouted with
excitement and pumped his fists in the air. 
“Steve, head down to the wine cellar later and give my second brother 
a bottle of our best red wine.” 
The worries in Bella’s eyes disappeared as she hurriedly walked to 
Axel. She put her left hand on his shoulder and her right arm on the 
table. She stared at the screen intently and asked, “Who’s the user 
behind that account?” 
“This is her!” 
Axel pointed at the screen. “She is a social news reporter from ‘ 
Headlines’, Xena Gordon! The IP address of the other account is 
exactly the same as her official one
###chapter390
“Well done, Ax! Although you are a bit slow.” Bella raised her 
eyebrows and smiled. 
“I’m faster this time! Why didn’t you call Drew for help? He’s a 
professional in this kind of shady activity. You should really employ 
the right people for the right services!” 
“I called Drew a few days ago. He has an important mission, so I dare. 
not disturb him.” 
“Bella, I remember that you’re quite the hacker yourself, no less than Drew. You could have found out yesterday.” Asher was also puzzled. 
Bella yawned. “Oh, I was just lazy.” 
Axel was speechless as he thought, ‘Oh, so I really am a slave to her!’ 
Bella browsed the Twitter account carefully and sneered. “Oh, she’s al reporter with a strong sense of justice. Why did she suddenly change. her focus to expose Ada Wang’s wedding setup? She looks like she’s trying to mess with us.” 
“Bella, do you mean that someone instigated this reporter?” Asher asked with a frown. 
“It’s not instigation. She probably received money from someone to help them do their dirty work. Media reporters have their own forte. Since she is a social news reporter, she wouldn’t have reported
on the entertainment industry.” 
Bella stared at Xena Gordon’s and murmured to herself, “Xena 
Gordon… Xena Gordon… Why does this name seem so familiar?” 
Suddenly, she had an epiphany and shouted, “I know who she is! She’s Michael Gordon’s daughter!” 
“Who is Michael Gordon?” Axel asked, still clueless. 
“Is he the former vice president of the hotel whom you fired and sent 
to jail?” Asher raised his eyebrows with interest. 
“Yes! Xena is his daughter!” 
Bella had an excellent memory. She had read Michael Gordon’s information before, so she immediately recognized Xena Gordon’s identity. “I can understand if she was the one who exposed this.” 
“I get it too. You were the reason her father lost his job and went to prison. I think she’s rather merciful that she didn’t make you viral on 
her platform.” Axel nodded with a serious face. 
“He’s involved in corruption and bribery. Should I have promoted him 
instead of sending him to jail?” 
Bella raised her chin arrogantly. “Michael Gordon was at fault, not me. If she’s a good daughter, she should visit her father more often. instead of trying to seek revenge on me to comfort herself. Why should I pay for the mistakes her father made? How ridiculous!”
“Ms. Bella, I checked the surveillance cameras. Except for our team 
members who take turns supervising the work on-site, the workers will hand over their mobile phones during construction. No outsiders. 
can approach the wedding venue.” 
Steven’s eyes darkened as he continued, “I can be sure that someone 
in the team is indeed working with this woman.” 
Bella saw how pretty Xena Gordon was and made a bold guess. 
Steve, from now on, keep an eye on everyone on the team, especially the men. Have them monitored 24/7. If anyone has personal contact 
with Xena Gordon, please report it to me in time.” 
“Bella, why the men?” Axel was curious. 
“Because all men are lustful creatures who can’t control their lower 
bodies and forget their loyalty!” Bella sneered. Her failed marriage. made her prejudiced against men. 
Asher and Axel said in unison, “Except me!” 
Steven hurriedly raised his hands and seconded. “Me too!” 
“Oh, I know you’re all good men, so there’s no need to defend. 
yourselves so quickly.” 
Bella straightened her arms and stretched like a cat. “No matter what,
you all are much better than the bastard standing at the door, right?” 
It was late by the time Axel finished the investigation, so the 
Thompson brothers stayed in the guest rooms that Steven had 
prepared for them. 
Bella was too exhausted in the past two days, so she went back to 
her room and fell asleep after taking a shower. 
In the middle of the night, a burst of lightning tore through the night. 
sky with a loud rumble, waking Bella from her deep sleep.. 
She was not usually such a light sleeper, but for some reason, she 
jolted awake.tonight. 
Then she lost her sleepiness. 
Bella stood up, put on a silk robe over her burgundy spaghetti-strap nightgown, wore her red velvet slippers, and went out to get some 
water. 
It was raining heavily outside, with strong winds, thunder, and 
lightning. 
Bella stood in front of the window in the corridor with a glass of water
in her hands. 
When she was a child, she remembered that her mother would hold 
her in her arms and sit on the rocking chair in front of the window 
every time it rained heavily. Her mother would look out the window in 
a peaceful daze and whisper like she was in a trance. 
–“It was also such a stormy night like this when Mommy left that 
place.” 
Bella thought, ‘Where was the place that Mom was referring to?” 
Suddenly, another lightning bolt lit up the night sky. 
Through the brightness, Bella was shocked to see that Justin was still standing at the door to her villa. 
Justin raised his head and looked in the direction of the window in 
her room. He was standing upright in the strong wind and rain, 
unmoving like a mountain. His hair was messy from being blown. 
around.
###chapter391
Bella thought to herself, ‘What the hell is that bastard doing out there? Is he trying to gain sympathy by doing this? Does he think that I’ll fall for such a despicable trick?!’ 
Bella’s heart burned with rage. She turned around and wanted to go. back to her room, but she stopped after taking two steps. 
The rain in late fall was not like the one in the summer. The temperatures in Savrow can reach below 0 Celsius at night during the fall. 
Justin had been standing outside for 3 to 4 hours, and he was wearing thin clothes. 
Bella thought, ‘What if he won’t leave? If he froze to death at my doorstep, wouldn’t I have to explain it to the police? How troublesome! 
Thinking of this, Bella quickly walked back to her room, picked up her phone, and called Justin. 
As a result, Justin’s phone was turned off. 
Bella could not understand what Justin was trying to do. 
Justin’s self-torture did not arouse Bella’s sympathy, but it aroused her curiosity. 
Thus, she quickly walked to the entrance, opened the door, and walked out with a huge black umbrella. 
When Justin saw Bella’s thin and slender figure walking toward him, he thought he was hallucinating from standing too long in the cold rain. 
Justin only realized that Bella was real when she was right in front of him. He suddenly froze. A warmth surged in his heart, and his eyes widened with joy.
“What on earth are you trying to do? Get yourself killed?!” Bella’s voice was sharp as she reprimanded him. 
“Are you cold, dressed like this?” 
Justin still looked cold and emotionless. His hands trembled slightly as he unbuttoned the middle button of his suit jacket. He wanted to take off his jacket and put it on for her, but he realized that his jacket was already soaked through, so he froze in embarrassment. 
“Why did you turn off your phone?” Bella asked, furious. 
“The battery died,” Justin answered honestly, like a stupid husband being scolded by his wife. 
Inexplicably, he was delighted by her fierceness. He was a bit masochistic. 
“Were you planning to stand like this all night if I didn’t come out to see you?” 
“Yes, I have something to tell you.” 
Bella laughed in exasperation, her chest heaving. “Justin, why do you always make me despise you so much? Apart from such despicable tricks, can’t you do something more original? Are you a scumbag or the president of Salvador Corporation?” 
“I don’t care what the means are as long as I can see you.” Justin’s deep voice was cold, but his eyes were incredibly alluring. 
Bella was so angry that her breathing became rapid. Her puffed-out, trembling chest made Justin’s eyes darken with desire. 
Fortunately, he was a gentleman with principles. Otherwise, no ordinary man would be able to control himself with that view.
“You couldn’t sleep well tonight?” 
“What?” 
“I remember that you never got up at night before. You always slept until dawn.” 
Bella’s heart trembled, and her grip on the umbrella handle tightened. 
When they first got married, they slept in the same bed for almost half a year. 
Even if they shared the same bed, Justin would only turn his back to her. There was always a huge gap between them, like the Grand Canyon. 
She knew that Justin was a light sleeper, but she did not know that he had also paid attention to her. 
“Didn’t you have something to say? Spit it out! It’s cold out here!” 
Bella couldn’t help but shiver. 
“Let’s talk in the car.” 
Justin grabbed the umbrella from her hand and quickly opened the 
car door with his other hand. He pushed her into the car without further explanation. 
The car was humid as soon as they got inside. 
In the dim light, Bella noticed how Justin’s pale and thin lips were trembling slightly. His hands on his knees were already turning purple from the cold. 
She pursed her lips. Justin took out a blanket from somewhere and wrapped it tightly around her delicate body.
“I found the person behind the expose. It’s a woman named Xena Gordon. Her father is Michael Gordon. You should be familiar with him, so you should also know why she did this. Xena Gordon was waiting for an opportunity to take revenge.” 
Bella raised her eyes in shock. “You came here just to tell me this?” 
“Yes, but not entirely.” 
Justin’s restrained voice was trembling. “I also wanted to see if you were sad or affected by this incident.”
###chapter392
“Hahaha!” 
Bella did not like Justin anymore, so she no longer had to pretend to be a meek girl in front of him. She threw her head back and laughed out loud. “Do you think such a trivial matter can make me sad? Bella Thompson is not so easily defeated. Justin, you’re really underestimating me.” 
“That’s good.” Justin’s eyes showed a bit of relief. 
“What’s your real intention for telling me this?” 
Bella felt that Justin was getting more and more strange. However, she could not fathom the possibility of Justin liking her no matter what. 
For three years, Bella gave him countless opportunities to fall in love with her. How could he be tempted now? 
If so, it was ridiculous how slow this man’s reaction was. 
“Bella, I owe you. Although our marriage was only in name during the past three years, I wasn’t good to you.” 
Justin tried hard to give a reasonable explanation for his behavior and said in a hoarse voice, “So, I still want to make it up to you as Yong as there is a suitable opportunity.” 
“Make it up to me, huh? Okay.” 
Bella looked at Justin with her bottomless, cold eyes. “Then promise me that you will never again appear in front of me and stop meddling in my affairs. That’s how you can make it up to me.”
Justin frowned. His heart ached as if it was stabbed. His heart almost stopped beating. 
Bella took off the blanket on her body and glared at him. “Stop saying that you’ll make it up to me. I’d rather you say that you’re doing this to attack Bethany. That way, I might have listened a bit more.” 
As he watched Bella enter her villa, Justin felt an emptiness in his chest. His mood was like the rain outside. 
Deep down in his heart, he was hoping that Bella still had feelings for him. 
He was unwilling to let go and helpless. 
He thought, ‘Was this how Bella felt during those three years of suffering when I didn’t respond to her love?’ 
As soon as Bella returned to the villa, she leaned against the door and took several deep breaths to stabilize her fluctuating emotions. 
She could hear the faint roar of the sports car engine outside, so she knew he had left. Then she slowly walked to her bed and looked out. 
At this moment, a pair of warm hands fell on her shoulders. 
Bella panicked at first, but she smiled bitterly and said, “Ash, you scared me to death. Why don’t you make any sound when you walk?” 
“I wasn’t being quiet. You were just too deep in your thoughts.” 
Asher sighed, put his arms around his little sister’s shoulders, and stood with her at the window to look out. 
“Has he left?”
“Sorry for disturbing your sleep.” 
Bella lowered her long eyelashes shyly and leaned on Asher’s broad shoulder. “Just now, Justin came to tell me that he found out that Xena Gordon was the one who leaked the photos.” 
“Oh? That’s it?” 
“Yeah.” 
The brother and sister fell into a comfortable silence. 
After a while, Asher squeezed Bella’s shoulder and asked with a smile, “What if Justin fell in love with you…?” 
“Ash!” Bella frowned, her tone full of resentment. 
“I mean, what if? If Justin fell in love with you and is now willing to dedicate himself and sacrifice for you, will you give him another chance?” 
Asher looked at her seriously. “After all, he’s the man you loved throughout your youth.” 
“I won’t.” 
Bella was resolute. A bitter pain slowly rose in her heart. “Ash, at this point, it’s no longer about forgiveness. I’m afraid. I have been let down for too long, and I have suffered enough because of love. I no longer want to worry about a man’s moods, and I no longer want to stay up all night waiting for him. I no longer want to cook a feast just to get no response from him. Ash, I’m so tired. I never want to make the same mistakes again.” 
“Right. Justin has no right to regret his behavior after treating you like that.”
Asher held his sister’s cold hands tightly and sighed sadly. “My Bella is too good for him. Even if he regrets it, he can only live with that regret for the rest of his life.”
###chapter393
After KS World Hotel lost the cooperation with Ada Wang, Bethany dressed up meticulously the next day and went to the presidential suite of the Salvador Hotel to meet Ada Wang in the afternoon. 
Ada was not surprised by Bethany’s visit and was contemptuous of Bethany. 
After all, Ada felt that Bethany could not hold a candle to Bella in all aspects. Her clothing preference, temperament, and intellect were far lacking compared to Bella. 
If Bethany had not been the daughter of Salvador Corporation’s chairman, Ada would not have any affiliation with such a superficial woman. 
“Ms. Wang, KS World Hotel has breached the contract and hindered your wedding planning. I was very anxious on your behalf when I heard about this matter. I think that KS Group handled it too hastily. It’s unprofessional to expose a customer’s information. This behavior should be condemned and made an example of in the industry.” 
Bethany insulted the KS World Hotel, completely unaware that Ada Wang’s expression had turned glum. “If you had chosen the Salvador Hotel, these things would never have happened.” 
“Ms. Salvador, are you implying that I’m not farsighted enough to pick your hotel?” Ada Wang sipped on a cup of black tea and asked with a pretentious smile. 
“I… I didn’t mean that.” Bethany’s face froze, 
“Ms. Salvador, you should understand one thing. Although I will no longer cooperate with the KS World Hotel, it does not mean that the Salvador Hotel is my only option. Ms. Thompson is an excellent manager, and there may be another reason behind KS World Hotel
breaching the contract. It’s still unclear whether they have been framed by a competitor.” 
Bethany’s heart twitched after hearing this. 
She felt attacked. 
“But didn’t you eventually cancel your cooperation with KS World Hotel?” 
“That’s because we have signed a contract and must abide by the terms of the contract.” 
Ada Wang curled her lips indifferently. “One shouldn’t badmouth others behind their back. Ms. Salvador, you’re a well-groomed young lady, so you should understand this principle. What’s more, the dignified Salvador Corporation should not need to belittle their opponents to promote themselves.” 
Bethany’s expression froze with embarrassment. She felt like she was sitting on pins and needles. 
She thought that Ada was on bad terms with Bella because of the leaked wedding setup photos. She did not expect Ada to actually defend Bella. Was she bewitched by Bella? Or was she possessed? 
“Ms. Wang, your wedding is just around the corner. It will definitely be too late to change to another hotel or make new plans.” 
Bethany knew that she had gotten a little carried away just now, so she quickly regained composure and humbled herself. “If you choose our hotel, you can still keep your wedding date. We will arrange the venue for you right away and complete it on time!” 
“I can cooperate with the Salvador Hotel, but I have a condition.” 
Ada Wang flipped her short hair nonchalantly. “I want Mr. Justin Salvador to personally handle the whole wedding. I only trust him.” 
Bethany left the hotel angrily.
Thinking of Ada’s words, “I only trust Mr. Salvador”, Bethany felt seriously offended. This was a personal insult to her. 
She really wanted to check to see if Ada was possessed by Bella. Why else would Ada show her such animosity? 
“Mom! What do you think I should do now?!” Bethany called Shannon with a sad tone. 
“That actress thinks that she’s a big deal? How dare she ignore my precious daughter? I hope her marriage doesn’t last long!” 
Shannon was also furious. She said in a cold tone, “Go and beg your dad to put pressure on that bastard. For the sake of the hotel, Justin will definitely come forward to solve the problem.” 
Bethany followed her mother’s instructions and rushed to Salvador Corporation in a hurry. 
In the chairman’s office, Bethany leaned against Gregory and cried, complaining about the cold shoulder she received from Ada Wang today. 
“Bethany, you’re too naive and well protected by me and your mother. 
How could you know that the world is a cold and cruel place?” 
Gregory kneaded the back of his daughter’s neck in comfort and felt distressed. “You are new to this, so you need to gain some experience. Just take this as a little feedback. Next time, you have to understand that your expressions and eyes are a reflection of your heart.”
###chapter394
Gregory continued, “You can’t let others figure out what you are thinking through your eyes. This is very dangerous.” 
“I know, Dad…” 
Gregory took out his phone and made a video call to Justin. 
When Justin picked up the call, his stern and angular face filled the screen. 
Bethany hurriedly hugged Gregory’s arm tighter, trying her best to show off how much Gregory loved her in front of Justin. 
As a result, Justin ignored it completely and asked coldly, “Why are you looking for me?” 
“Your sister has already reached an agreement with Ada Wang, and now it’s up to you to finalize the deal.” 
Gregory commanded, “Meet with Ada Wang as soon as possible and sign the contract.” 
“We’ve already talked about it, so there’s no need for me to come forward.” 
Justin raised the corners of his lips. “Bethany, congratulations in advance for snatching such a big project from Ms. Thompson. Since you’re so smart and capable, you should complete this important contract signing process by yourself. I won’t steal your limelight.” 
Bethany was so angry that her insides were burning. Her eyes were red from suppressing her anger. 
If Justin did not take up the project, Ada Wang would not work with the Salvador Hotel.
“Justin, Bethany is your sister. It’s not easy for her to push things to this point. As an elder brother, can’t you help her complete the deal?” Gregory’s voice was deep, and his eyes were filled with anger. 
“Whether this project goes through is Bethany’s responsibility. There’s no such thing as only sharing hardships but selfishly reaping all the benefits.” 
Gregory was fuming. “Justin!” 
“If you really want to solve this matter, you might as well meet Ada Wang in person. Can’t you, the chairman of Salvador Corporation, handle a celebrity?” 
The call ended, and the screen turned black. 
Justin hung up the video call without giving them a chance to respond. 
The Hoffman family also encountered trouble. 
Mrs. Hoffman had been competing with Lance Iverson’s daughter, Astrid Iverson, for the jewelry charity auction. Originally, Mrs. Hoffman had almost reached an agreement with Vincent’s team, but she suddenly received news yesterday that Vincent had chosen Astrid. 
Her hard work in recent days was in vain, and she was so depressed that she could not eat. 
Zoe saw this and felt resentful. 
She knew why Vincent suddenly changed his mind. He was venting his anger on Bella’s behalf. 
Zoe returned to her room, furious. She had no choice but to call her frenemy, Bethany. 
“I’m in a bad mood. Let’s go for a drink at my brother’s club tonight.”
“Sigh… I’m also in a bad mood.” 
Bethany told Zoe about Ada Wang’s refusal to sign a contract with her, “Although we stopped Ada from working with Bella, I didn’t reap the benefits. How infuriating!” 
“Hmph! Don’t worry. Ada Wang just doesn’t want to admit that she made the wrong choice. She’ll naturally figure it out in a few days.” 
Zoe entered her walk-in closet, went through the expensive designer clothes, and asked in a lazy tone, “A lot of things have happened recently, but I had to endure it all. Bethany, can you organize something fun to make me happy?” 
Bethany was startled. 
She immediately understood what Zoe meant and said with a playful smile, “Don’t worry. I’ll definitely make you happy tonight!”
###chapter395
That day, after Carrie escaped from Ryan’s arms, she did not get to sleep all night. 
She was also injured. When she returned home, she found a large scrape on her elbow, with pus seeping out. The stinging sensation made her pout, and she almost cried in pain. 
Carrie sneaked out of the house, so she did not dare to tell anyone that she was injured. Thus, she found the first aid kit and simply cleaned the wound. That night, she hugged her teddy and went to bed in tears, but she could not fall asleep. 
In a daze, she recalled many things. 
Carrie recalled being forced to eat lunch in a dirty bathroom. 
She remembered being thrown headfirst into a trash can by a boy under Zoe’s instructions. 
Carrie thought of the dead mouse she found in her school bag. 
She also thought of her favorite novel that Zoe had shredded and thrown everywhere as if it were snow. 
Finally, Carrie thought of the piano in the music classroom… That was a nightmare that would traumatize her forever. 
Zoe Hoffman and Ryan Hoffman. Ryan is her brother, huh? 
Carrie’s fair and thin little face was covered with tears. She clutched the quilt with both hands and suppressed her cries until dawn. 
Although Carrie was autistic, she was not a heartless little fool.
She knew that even though Ryan was Zoe’s brother, he had saved her from dying in a car accident. 
Thus, in the afternoon, Carrie quietly came to the kitchen and made a blueberry mousse cake according to an online tutorial. She thought about asking Justin to bring this cake as a token of gratitude to Ryan. 
After making the cake, Carrie put it in the refrigerator. She clapped her hands with satisfaction, turned around, and walked toward her room. 
As soon as she pushed open the door, Carrie’s relaxed expression instantly froze, and she backed away in panic. 
She saw Bethany sitting on her bed with her legs crossed and arms folded across her chest while looking at her with a smile that made her scalp tingle. 
“Shouldn’t you say hi when you see your sister?” 
Bethany flicked her newly made golden manicure and said, “You’re just a dummy. Have you become mute now too?” 
“Hello, Bethany…” Carrie whispered. 
“I’ll take you out tonight to play, okay?” Bethany suddenly smiled at her. 
“No… No need… I don’t know how to play. You will feel bored with me around.” Carrie lowered her head and answered in a trembling voice. 
“Are you sure you don’t want to go? Tsk, fine then.” 
Bethany stood up slowly, looking at Carrie with mocking eyes. “I thought of finding an opportunity for us sisters to get close, but since you don’t want to, I won’t force it.”
After saying that, Bethany walked out of the door with her hands behind her back. 
Carrie took a long breath and walked into the room with heavy steps. 
Suddenly, she ran to the bedside in shock and fumbled through the neatly folded quilts and stacked pillows. 
However, she could not find her cherished teddy bear, which Bella had given her. 
“My Teddy! Bethany!” 
Carrie knew that Bethany would never set foot in her room without harboring some evil intentions because Bethany liked to torture her. 
Thus, Carrie knew that Bethany must have taken away her teddy. 
Carrie’s whole body was soaked in cold sweat. She staggered out of the door and ran downstairs. 
Outside the villa, Bethany had already sat in the car, and the housekeeper closed the door. 
“Give it back to me! Give me back my teddy!” 
Carrie shouted at the top of her lungs as she ran. 
Bethany lowered the car window, stuck out her tongue evilly at the sweating Carrie, picked up the teddy, and shook it in her face. 
“Drive,” Bethany instructed the driver. 
The luxury car’s engine roared as the car disappeared in the blink of an eye. 
“Bethany! Give it back to me… Give me back my teddy!”
Carrie cried, but it was in vain. 
At this moment, Carrie looked like a weak mother, helplessly watching someone kidnap her child. Even the housekeeper on the side felt uncomfortable seeing this scene. 
“Prepare a car for me!” Carrie looked at the housekeeper with red eyes. 
This was the first time in her life that she had ordered someone to do something for her. 
“But, Ms. Carrie… Madam Shannon doesn’t allow you to go out alone
###chapter396
Carrie shouted, “I am also the daughter of Chairman Gregory Salvador, so why can’t I go out when Bethany can? Hurry up and get the car ready!” 
Thus, the butler had no choice but to prepare a car for Carrie. 
As night fell, the lights in the city lit up. 
In a luxury private room at ACE Club, Zoe and several of her peers from Savrow’s upper class smoked and drank. They no longer look like the prim and proper young ladies they were trained to be, but like wild girls who were experienced in the nightlife scene. 
Zoe went to Inalia to study abroad after graduating from junior high school, so she did not have many friends in Savrow. 
These men and women were a part of a small group in her junior high school class. Everyone here had bullied Carrie under her instigation. 
“I wonder how Carrie is doing now. I haven’t seen her since graduation. As a daughter of the Salvador family, she’s so low-profile.” 
“I heard from my mother that Carrie has mental problems, so Mrs. Salvador doesn’t allow her to meet people.” 
“Seriously! No wonder I thought she was stupid when we were in junior high. I didn’t expect she was actually a retard!” 
“Hey, retard is a strong word!”
Zoe crossed her slender legs and held a cigarette between her red lips. She inhaled deeply and blew out a smoke ring. “The scientific name for that is autistic.” 
“Ah, but still mentally retarded. Hahahahaha!” 
The whole group burst into laughter. 
Zoe listened to their wild and mocking laughter and smiled slyly. 
At this time, the door to the private room opened. 
Bethany walked in under the guidance of the waiter. 
As soon as Bethany arrived, the room fell silent in an instant, and everyone exchanged shocked glances. 
“It’s okay. Carry on. Bethany is one of us.” 
Zoe hooked her fingers. Immediately, a young man brought over a crystal ashtray and waited for her to flick the ashes into it. 
When Bethany saw this, she was stunned. 
She originally thought that Rosalind was the last of the evil fakers she had to deal with. She did not expect Zoe to also be good at pretending to be an innocent little sweetheart. 
Bethany wondered what Ryan would think if he saw that his normally dignified and elegant sister behaved like a promiscuous woman. 
Would he be furious? 
“Hey Bethany, why didn’t you bring Carrie here?”
When Zoe saw that Bethany was alone, she was a little upset. “Well, there will definitely be a lot less entertainment tonight.” 
“The older Carrie gets, the more disobedient she becomes.” 
Bethany sighed and laughed jokingly, waving Carrie’s teddy bear in front of Zoe. “But don’t worry. With this, my sister will definitely come over here tonight.” 
“What? Bethany, are you playing a new trick with her?” Zoe asked with raised eyebrows. 
“Haha, just watch.” 
Not long after Bethany entered ACE, Carrie’s cars arrived soon after. 
Seeing the majestic nightclub with bustling traffic and people at the entrance, Carrie suddenly felt a burst of anxiety due to her social phobia. Her lips trembled slightly, and her face became paler. 
She hurriedly got back into the car, took out her phone, and called Bethany. 
“What’s the matter, my dearest sister?” 
The other end of the phone was extremely noisy, but Carrie could still hear a hint of derision in Bethany’s tone. 
“Give me back my teddy!” Carrie’s voice trembled, and her face turned red with anger. 
“You mean this dirty, ugly thing? I hid it.” 
“Hide it? Where did you hide it?!” 
Carrie was so anxious that tears welled up in her eyes.
“It’s in the ACE club! Tsk, if I told you exactly where it is, it would defeat the purpose of me hiding him, don’t you think?” 
Bethany’s charming voice was filled with malice. “My dearest sister, we haven’t played together since we were kids, so I want to play a game with you tonight. Go on and find it! Otherwise, your teddy will be all alone in a dark corner. Hahahaha!” 
Carrie’s eyes instantly turned red with anger. Bethany’s evil laughter made her hair stand on end, and she could not stop shaking. 
Carrie did not even feel so much hate for Bethany when she insulted and tortured her. The resentment she felt at this moment was overwhelming. 
Her red eyes were filled with tears as she contemplated what to do. Carrie gritted her teeth and decided to rush into the ACE club.
###chapter397
The music in the ACE club was blasting at full volume, but the luxurious private room was so quiet that everyone could hear their own heartbeat. 
Ryan was wearing a black suit and a dark-patterned silk shirt with a wide collar. A silver necklace dipped between his solid chest muscles. He held a glass of red wine, sipping on it leisurely with his long legs crossed. 
A drop of bright red blood oozed from the corner of his lips, which he had wiped away with his thumb. His expression was languid and frivolous, but his charming eyes held a hint of coldness that deterred people from approaching him.” 
His gaze was so icy, like a cold abyss. 
Ryan’s bodyguards stood in a row in the private room. 
Ryan raised his head and drank the red wine in his glass before snapping his fingers. 
Then his bodyguards dispersed. A tied-up man kneeled on the ground in front of Ryan. His face was bruised and swollen, and his facial features were distorted. 
“Mr. Hoffman… I was wrong… Please have mercy…” Some of the man’s teeth were broken. He leaked saliva and blood when he spoke. 
“Tsk, your blood is flowing to the floor.” 
Ryan glanced at him with disgust and raised an eyebrow nonchalantly. “Do you know how expensive the carpet in my private room is? You won’t be able to afford it even if I sell your organs on the black market.”
“Mr. Hoffman…” 
The man rolled onto his stomach in front of Ryan, but Ryan raised his long legs and kicked him away. 
“Mr. Hoffman… I have been with you for many years and have always been loyal to you. This time, I was coerced by Mr. Liam Hoffman! He threatened to kill me. He didn’t ask me to do much, only to report your whereabouts…” 
Liam Hoffman was Ryan’s second uncle and his father’s only younger brother. 
When Ryan was seven years old, his father died in a plane accident, leaving Ryan and his sister orphaned and his mother widowed. Fortunately, Ryan’s father had transferred all his shares and assets to 
Ryan’s mother and Ryan early on. Thus, their family fortune was not left at the mercy of others. 
Logan Hoffman, Ryan’s grandfather, was in charge of the Hoffman family. Although Ryan was Logan’s eldest grandson, the position of CEO that originally belonged to Ryan’s father fell into the hands of his second uncle. 
Ryan had seen through Liam’s intentions. His second uncle, who cried the most at Ryan’s father’s grave, was, in fact, sinister and cunning. On the surface, Liam took care of Ryan’s family, but he was secretly plotting and guarding against Ryan. 
All this was something that the weak Mrs. Hoffman and the inexperienced Zoe had no idea about. 
As the backbone of the family, Ryan shouldered all the responsibility and pressure. Even his best friend, Justin, was unaware of the hardships Ryan went through. 
“You’re quite good at pleading for yourself. You know that you’ve been working for me for the longest time, so you want to please both sides and save more money for yourself, right? Hah! You ought to
know that you might be able to earn more, but you might not have the life to enjoy all that money.” Ryan let go of his hand. The wine glass he was holding shattered. The cold light in his charming eyes was terrifying. 
The man kept kowtowing to Ryan, so much so that the floor covered with luxurious velvet rugs made a clunking sound. 
“I don’t care that you lied to me. It’s expected for the boss of a big conglomerate to have one or two traitors around them. That’s a show of success, isn’t it?” 
Ryan leaned forward slightly. His broad shoulders cast a beautiful shadow on the floor. 
The moment Ryan lowered his long eyelashes and smirked slowly, the miserable man in front of him looked so afraid, as if Ryan were the grim reaper. 
“What you did wrong was to expose yourself. Since you’ve deceived me, you should’ve continued lying to me. This way, you won’t ruin my mood, and you can even live longer.” 
“Mr. Hoffman… Please…” The man’s body was shaking, and he almost peed his pants. 
Ryan narrowed his eyes and drawled, “It’s been a long time since I visited my second uncle. I should’ve been more courteous. Yasmin.” 
A charming woman wearing a deep V backless slit dress came out of a dark corner. She was Ryan’s secretary. 
“Mr. Hoffman,” Yasmin said respectfully. 
Ryan’s smile suddenly disappeared. “Cut off his treacherous tongue!” 
“Yes, sir.”
“No, no, no! No… Ah! Mm!” 
Yasmin’s face was expressionless as she raised a knife and cut out the man’s tongue with more skill than a butcher. 
Ryan stood up slowly, put his left hand in his pants pocket, and smoothed back his hair. 
“Wrap it up and send it to my second uncle. He can eat it as an appetizer for his next meal.” 
…. 
In the private room on the other side of the club, Zoe ordered the staff to broadcast the hundreds of surveillance cameras in the entire club on the large screen. That way, they could watch Carrie from various angles. 
Carrie was like a deer lost in the forest-flustered, frightened, and helpless. 
Zoe and her friends watched it with interest.
###chapter398
Carrie bumped around the ACE Club like a headless fly. She was pulled around by drunken guests. Some men even harassed her. She managed to avoid them, but they started yelling at her. 
Everyone in Zoe’s private room watched this and laughed heartily. They found it more amusing than any comedy. 
“Hahahaha! This retard! She hasn’t changed one bit since she was in junior high school. Has she stopped growing since then? Hahahaha!” 
Zoe pointed at the screen and laughed wildly. “Bethany, I’m really curious. Where did you hide that tattered bear?” 
“I hid it in…” 
Bethany laughed playfully and whispered something to Zoe. 
After hearing this, Zoe burst out laughing. 
“That’s creative of you! I doubt that dummy will be able to find that tattered bear by tomorrow. Hahaha…” 
…. 
Carrie looked through almost all the tables in the club. She had been kicked so many times by the guests unintentionally that her arms and calves were all bruised. 
She stood there stupidly, hugging herself with trembling arms and looking at the strangers in front of her who were casting strange looks at her. Her mind went blank. Her breathing hitched and became
labored. 
Suddenly, the lights in the club changed colors. 
Colored confetti floated down like flowers in the spring. 
Everyone cheered and swayed their bodies on the dance floor. 
“Teddy… My teddy…” 
Carrie was only thinking about her toy. She bent over and tried to find the whereabouts of her teddy. 
Suddenly, her little face, which was covered in sweat and tears, bumped into a warm wall made of muscles. 
The collision made her see stars. Her nose was sore and numb, and the tears that were pricking at the corners of her eyes overflowed. 
“Oh, I’m sorry…” 
Carrie lowered her head and was about to run away when that moving 
“wall” blocked her way. 
“I’m really sorry, miss…” 
“Carrie?!” 
Carrie’s heart pounded rapidly. She covered her small nose and raised her clear, doe-like eyes slowly. 
What she saw next was Ryan’s deep and drunken gaze and thick eyebrows. 
“I’m not dreaming, am I? Is it really you?”
The next second, Ryan widened his eyes. He suddenly opened his arms wide-to-wrap Carrie in his embrace. His left arm tightened around her waist, and his right hand clasped the back of her neck to shield her protectively. 
After all, the dance floor was too chaotic. These adrenaline -fueled people were wild and might accidentally hurt her. 
Carrie’s heartbeat was racing. Her trembling little hands pressed on the hem of Ryan’s shirt. 
She wanted to push him away, but she had felt scared all night. With him supporting her, she wanted to hide in his arms for a while, even if it was only for a few seconds… 
Carrie thought, ‘This is wrong… He’s a good man, but he’s Zoe’s brother.’ 
When people on the dance floor saw the “Prince of Savrow”, they felt as if they had seen a deity and gasped in surprise. 
Ryan’s gorgeous face made countless men cry and countless women scream. 
His charming eyes were famous for being the sexiest ones in Savrow, driving people to ecstasy and lust. 
At this moment, those captivating eyes were staring at the girl in his arms. 
The luxuriant life and the hustle and bustle in the club seemed like another world because Ryan and Carrie only focused on each other. 
“Did you come here alone?” Ryan asked in a voice that only the two of them could hear. 
Carrie nodded, then shook her head.
“What happened? Tell me.” The man’s eyes darkened for a moment, but his voice was gentle. 
“I… Lost my teddy…” 
Carrie did not want to speak at first, but when he asked, she could no longer hold back her grievances and started crying. 
“Ryan, my teddy is missing… Annie gave me that teddy… It’s my favorite teddy…”
###chapter399
Ryan’s heart melted when he heard Carrie cry. 
His Adam’s apple rolled, and he actually had an inappropriate reaction 
The crystal tears that streamed down Carrie’s face seemed to have caused ripples in Ryan’s heart. 
In an instant, Ryan forgot about how Carrie had abandoned him and ran away the last time they got into a car accident. 
“Annie? Do you mean Bella? Bella gave you the teddy?” Ryan narrowed his eyes and gently wiped the tears from Carrie’s cheeks with his calloused fingertips. 
Carrie nodded vigorously, the tip of her nose red. 
“Where did you lose it? Here?” 
Carrie nodded again, her eyes still red. 
“Don’t worry, I’ll help you find it.” 
Ryan took Carrie’s little hand and walked to the stage step by step, in full view of everyone. 
A dreamy and crimson light followed, illuminating the two of them. 
Carrie lowered her eyes timidly, but she could not help but sneak glances at him. 
Although Ryan looked a bit fierce, he was really handsome. 
His strong and chiseled face was unparalleled in this world.
Carrie pursed her lips. Her twinkling eyes wandered all over the man’s face as she carefully etched his deep facial features in her heart. 
“Stop the music.” 
Ryan stood in the DJ’s position, picked up the microphone, and said only three words. The originally boisterous place fell silent. 
Zoe and Bethany were having fun, so they did not look at the screen until someone reminded them. 
In an instant, Zoe sat upright on the sofa and screamed angrily. 
Everyone was so frightened, thinking that she was possessed. 
When Bethany saw Carrie and Ryan standing side by side, and Ryan was holding Carrie’s hand as if they were a couple, Bethany felt so angry that her chest felt tight. Her mind buzzed. 
Ryan was holding Carrie’s hand so openly and looking at Carrie with such affection as if she were the one for him. 
Was Ryan showing the world that he loved Carrie? 
Bethany thought, ‘Carrie! That little bitch! If you dare steal my man, I will definitely kill you!’ 
“What’s going on?! Why is my brother with that fool? Explain!” 
Zoe called her personal bodyguard over and glared at them with piercing eyes. “Didn’t I tell you to keep an eye on that fool? How could she and my brother run into each other?!” 
“Ms. Zoe, please calm down… I kept an eye on her the whole time, but
I didn’t expect Mr. Ryan to show up at ACE tonight. Carrie was running around, so she would definitely bump into Mr. Ryan.” Zoe’s bodyguard panicked and explained it incoherently. 
“Useless fool!” 
Zoe had nowhere to vent her anger, so she simply kicked her bodyguard in the leg. 
In the end, she missed the bodyguard’s leg and fell to the floor with a scream. 
Bethany and her friends stifled a laugh. 
On the stage, Ryan’s charming eyes held a smile as he spoke, “I hope everyone is having fun tonight. Why don’t we play a little game? My sister has lost a teddy bear here.” 
As soon as he said this, a photo of Carrie’s teddy bear appeared on the huge screen behind him, which Carrie had taken before on her phone. 
There was a lot of discussion in the audience. 
“Sister? I thought Mr. Hoffman only had one sister. She’s the protégé of a famous pianist. I don’t remember her looking like this.” 
“Sister? More like a backup lover. You just called that man bro, but are you his sibling?” 
“But this lady doesn’t even look like she has come of age! She’s still a child, right? I doubt she’s an adult yet!” 
“What do you know? Rich men like girls much younger than them. They like the innocent, natural, and real type.”
Carrie vaguely heard a word or two of criticism. Her cheeks turned red with embarrassment, and she wanted to withdraw her hand from Ryan’s grip. 
Whenever this happened, all she could think of was running away. 
However, the man held her sweaty little hands so tightly that she could not move despite struggling with all her might. 
“So, whoever can find this teddy bear tonight will get all their expenses at ACE waived for one year!” 
Ryan’s alluring voice made the whole audience scream in surprise. 
At this moment, huge numbers appeared on the big screen, starting a countdown. 
“Five, four, three, two, one… Let the game begin!” 
The corners of Ryan’s lips rose in satisfaction as he waved his hand nonchalantly. 
The crowd quickly dispersed and spread to every corner of the club. 
The scene was truly spectacular when Ryan saw it from the stage. 
Carrie blinked her doe-like eyes in surprise. She could not close her mouth. 
Ryan stared at her surprised face, his eyes getting darker by the second. 
“Come on. Let’s wait in my private room. They’ll find your teddy soon.”
###chapter400
Ryan took Carrie to another private room. 
In the private room, a few escorts were drinking with three rich young men, Ryan’s friends in Savrow. 
When Carrie saw these strangers hugging each other, her face turned red like a tomato. She lowered her head so much that she resembled an ostrich sticking its head in the sand. Ryan pulled her into the room. 
As soon as Ryan led her in, his friends wolf-whistled and cheered. 
“Ooh! Hi, Mrs. Hoffman. You’re definitely young and promising for being able to take down our brother!” 
Carrie panicked. Her face turned red 
“Shut up! This is…” 
Just as Ryan was about to introduce Carrie as Gregory Salvador’s youngest daughter, he suddenly remembered what Justin told him and quickly changed his tune. “This is my sister. You bastards better get your mind out of the gutter!” 
“Ryan, your little lady’s teddy bear is quite expensive. Free consumption at ACE for one year is a lot! It’s at least hundreds of thousands of dollars, or even millions if they come every day. You’re really generous just to find a teddy bear for her. With that money, you can probably buy a tonne of teddy bears.” 
Ryan’s friends did not believe that Ryan and Carrie were not in a relationship.
There were countless women around Ryan, but he would not treat just anyone so generously. Thus, they concluded that Ryan must like Carrie. 
“She wants that bear, given to her by my first love. It means so much to the both of us, so what do you know?” Ryan rolled his eyes. He felt that his friends were insufferable. 
“First love? Are you talking about my sister-in-law?” Carrie stared at him in shock. 
“Yes, I used to like your ex-sister-in-law. Bella was my first love.” Ryan smiled and admitted it frankly. 
He had fallen in love with Bella. Even though Bella rejected him harshly, he felt honored to have loved such an outstanding woman. 
Even if he died, he would have this written on a monument. 
As a result, Carrie screamed in horror. “No, no, no! You can’t like my sister-in-law! My sister-in-law belongs to my second brother! No one is allowed to steal her from my second brother!” 
“I…” 
“Aren’t you friends with my second brother? How can you steal his wife?!” 
Carrie showed a righteous expression on her face and clenched her fists tightly. “My brother will feel sad and betrayed if you steal his wife. If you want to take my sister-in-law away from me, I won’t be friends with you anymore!” 
Carrie could not think of a way to threaten this man, so she said something childish and ridiculous. 
There was silence in the room before everyone burst into laughter. 
Carrie suddenly blushed. She curled her toes and pinched the corners of her shirt shyly.
Ryan also did not know whether to laugh or cry. It was obvious that Carrie was embarrassed, so he suppressed his smile and turned to glare at everyone. 
As if a pause button were pressed, everyone held their breaths and did not dare to make fun of Ryan’s girl anymore. 
“Carrie, I didn’t expect that you have quite upright views.” 
Ryan bent over slightly and stretched out his hand to rub the top of her head. Her hair was so soft. He narrowed his eyes and said, “I know that you’re standing up for your second brother. Otherwise, might have thought that you were a little sour.” 
“Am I sour? I don’t think I taste sour…” Carrie said seriously. 
Ryan was speechless. 
He finally realized how different he and Carrie were. 
However, she had successfully attracted his attention. 
Everyone in ACE was busy trying to find a teddy bear for Carrie. 
There was a glass door in the private room that opened out to a large terrace. 
Ryan was drinking with his friends in the room, while Carrie stood alone on the terrace, nervously grabbing the railing and praying that someone would find her beloved bear. 
“Found it! I found it!” 
At this point, a woman yelled and jumped on the stage, holding a teddy bear high above her head. 
“What the hell?! Where the hell did you find it?!”
“In the toilet flush tank, in the men’s bathroom!” 
The men present subconsciously covered their crotches and thought,’ Wow, this woman really gave her all to find this bear…’ 
Carrie jumped up with joy, like a child. 
“Oh, this is much faster than I thought. Sure enough, money does wonders. I guess they might even smile if I ask them to eat their own shit.” 
Ryan turned and walked into the terrace, holding a cigarette between his thin red lips. The orange fire flickered on the bud of the cigarette. 
“I’m going to get my teddy!” 
Carrie was afraid of being alone with Ryan and wanted to run away again, but she was stopped by the man’s strong body. 
Ryan would not allow Carrie to run away from him again. 
After the car accident that night, he secretly swore to himself that he would never let this little rabbit escape the next time. 
“Don’t rush. Your toy is wet, so I’ll get my secretary to dry it for you before returning it to you.” 
Carrie lowered her head, not daring to look into his eyes, which were so alluring. She just muttered, “T- Thank you…” 
“Congratulations to this lady for winning the first prize! Your consumption at ACE will be free for one year!” Yasmin smiled and took the bear from the woman’s hand.
The woman was ecstatic, and everyone was jealous. 
ACE was the most expensive nightclub in Savrow. Free consumption for one year was a big deal, like hitting the jackpot! 
One would cry tears of joy at winning this prize. 
Ryan narrowed his eyes and gestured toward Yasmin with his hand, which was holding the cigarette. 
Yasmin understood what he meant and laughed loudly. “To thank everyone for their hard work helping Mr. Hoffman’s sister find her teddy bear, Mr. Hoffman will settle everyone’s tabs tonight!”
###chapter401
Chapter 401
“Woohoo! Long live Mr. Hoffman! Long live Mr. Hoffman!” 
“Damn! Ryan is awesome! I want to get a membership at ACE!” 
“I want to renew my membership for another two years! Mr. Hoffman sure is a man of his word!” 
The guests were moved and extremely excited. 
Yasmin immediately received a text message from the sales department. The sales volume tonight was the highest since the club’s opening! 
Although Ryan was filthy rich, he was not a brainless trust fund baby. 
He seemed like he was losing a lot of money by treating all the guests at ACE Club tonight, but in fact, he gained popularity with the masses. Thus increasing ACE’s popularity and stimulating more consumption. 
Ryan was killing three birds with one stone! 
“It’s too wasteful…” Carrie lowered her long eyelashes and pursed her lips in embarrassment. 
“What? Are you worried about my money?” Ryan raised his eyebrows playfully. 
He had really wasted his time and money tonight, but he enjoyed it. He had not felt so happy in a long time. 
Ryan could not tell if he was being nice to this girl to please her or to satisfy himself. 
Carrié blinked her watery eyes and nodded slightly.
“Pft! That’s interesting. I’ve had so many women who were all eager for me to spend more money on them, but you actually feel sorry for me spending money for your sake.” 
Ryan turned around and leaned against the railing. He turned his head to glance at Carrie’s flushed face. A seductive smile surfaced. “Why? Do you want to manage my money in the future, little one?” 
He was tipsy, so his words were a little unrestrained. 
They were side by side in close proximity. 
Carrie did not understand what he was implying, but she could clearly feel his warm breath lingering on the tips of her red ears. It was comfortable and a little ticklish, making her heart tremble unconsciously. She shrugged timidly. 
“I… I’m not a bank. I don’t want to manage your money.” 
“Not just banks can manage my money, Carrie.” 
Ryan’s thin lips parted, and his solid chest heaved as he reached out to casually touch her long, silky hair. He loved this feeling. 
“Why didn’t you perm your hair like before? I do like this new hairdo on you. It’s quite cute.” 
Carrie felt insulted and turned away with red eyes. 
“I don’t like perms.” 
“You don’t?” The man was stunned. 
The moment her silky hair slipped away from his fingertips, his heart felt empty.
“I don’t like perms, but if you want me to, I can get a perm. That’s because you saved me and helped me find my teddy tonight…” 
Carrie raised her pretty face slightly and stared at him with bright eyes. “I’m grateful to you, so I’ll do whatever you want…” 
‘Whatever I want?’ Ryan felt a surge of dark desire in his heart, and his breathing became more labored. 
If it were any other woman, he would have thought this was an erotic suggestion. 
However, coming out of Carrie’s mouth, he knew that it was as literal as it could be. 
“Mr. Hoffman.” 
At this time, a waiter came in holding a wine decanter filled with red wine and two glasses on the tray. “This is the fine wine that Mr. Fuller brought back from Feranco to treat you and your lady.” 
Ryan nodded. The waiter put down the tray and retreated, closing the door behind him. 
When Carrie saw the red wine, she licked her red lips, and her eyes lit 
Ryan could read Carrie’s expression. Thus, he offered her the wine with a smile. “Do you want to have a drink with me?” 
“C-Can I?” Carrie widened her eyes in anticipation. 
“Of course! I can tell that you like drinking. Otherwise, last time…” 
Ryan hesitated to speak. Thinking of everything that happened in the bushes that night, he cleared his dry throat and forced himself to dispel the heat rising in his core.
Before he could finish his sentence, Carrie picked up the decanter and poured the wine into an expensive glass. When she picked it up, she put her little nose to it and sniffed it, looking as naive as a little puppy. 
Then, she swayed the glass and carefully observed the color and tears of the wine, looking like a professional sommelier. 
Finally, she took a sip and patiently tasted the notes.
###chapter402
Chapter 402
Carrie muttered, “This is the 1998 Petrus Merlot, specially supplied to the White House. It’s an opaque purple color with a concentrated and pure taste. It has a complex aroma of black fruits, caramel, and roasted coffee. The tannin is powerful and noticeable…” 
Ryan was stunned. Not only did Carrie know how to draw, but she could also taste wine. 
He had been in the nightclub business for many years and owned private wineries in Feranco and Belpaes, but his wine-tasting level was far inferior to Carrie’s! 
Carrie had such a subtle flex. 
Zoe and Bethany were no longer in the mood to party. They both wanted to barge into Ryan’s private room and beat up that little bitch, Carrie. 
“Sob, sob, sob… Zoe, look! What I said was true!” 
Bethany hid in the bathroom and cried until snot and tears streamed down her face. Half of her false eyelashes fell off. “Carrie is having an affair with your brother! As you saw just now, he went all out just to find her teddy bear! When has your brother ever doted on a woman? You’re his sister, but he’s being nice to Justin’s sister. Zoe, I don’t know what you think, but I can’t bear it! This is so frustrating!” 
While Bethany was crying, she did not forget to incite Zoe’s emotions. was no need to fan the flames because Zoe was 
However, the of already at the peak of her anger. “How could Ryán do this?! He has never even pampered me like this since we were young.”
In the past, Zoe often misplaced her expensive toys, but every time she cried about losing them, Ryan would just buy her a new one that was more expensive and better than the previous one. 
Zoe thought that she had received her brother’s unconditional love, but compared to how he treated Carrie just now, that was nothing! 
Ryan was a lazy person who was afraid of trouble. But he would overturn the entire club just to find a stupid toy for Carrie. 
The more Zoe thought about it, the more her heart broke. 
“At home, Justin also protects that little bitch. Now, even Ryan dotes on her. If this continues, she will probably rob you of your position in Ryan’s heart.” 
“She wants to steal my place? Don’t even think about it!” 
Zoe’s eyes were filled with hatred. She finally could not bear it any longer and rushed out of the door on her sharp stilettos. 
After Zoe left, Bethany suppressed her cries and sneered. 
Bethany hummed a tune, looked in the mirror, and put her false eyelashes back on. 
Carrie and Ryan drank most of the wine in the decanter. 
Thus, they were drunk. 
Carrie was usually stiff and awkward around people, but after drinking wine, she opened up. Her crimson lips kept moving as she poured out a barrage of words. 
However, Ryan liked listening to her talk. It made him feel relaxed. He had not felt like this in a long time.
“Do you know that women are naturally horny?” 
Carrie’s pretty face was flushed. She took two more sips and continued, “There is a gene on the X chromosome that enhances color perception. Since women have one more X chromosome than men, they are particularly sensitive to colors!” 
“Oh, is that so?” 
Ryan stared at her with a smile. His eyes wandered to her slightly pouty lips, as well as her cute little feet that had been hidden under her simple sneakers before. 
His eyes darkened with lust. 
“Also, women have a higher water content than men. It accounts for 60% of their body weight because the proportion of fat in a woman’s body is actually higher!” 
Carrie talked more enthusiastically. She had not talked to anyone like this for a long time. 
Suddenly, the lights in the entire venue went out. 
“Huh?” 
Carrie was stunned for a moment and asked in a daze, “Ryan, is there a power outage in your club?” 
Her soft body was suddenly enveloped by a man’s. Her breath hitched, and her heart was pumping violently. 
Ryan kneeled in front of her, lifted her chin with his fingertips, and kissed her passionately. 
Their hot breaths, which smelled of wine, intertwined, and their lips and teeth clashed.
Blurred and ethereal music sounded. 
Suddenly, there was a flash of light as a shadow flickered by Carrie caught a glimpse of Ryan’s half- closed eyes, which were shining like stars. 
It was fascinating, yet dangerous.
###chapter403
Chapter 403
The crimson light and shadows swayed back and forth on their overlapping figures. 
Carrie’s thin and delicate body trembled slightly in Ryan’s arms. She did nothing, but her innocent reaction was an irresistible temptation for Ryan, who had overstepped his bounds. 
Under the influence of alcohol, Ryan became more unrestrained. 
Carrie suddenly felt imbalanced as the man’s tall figure pressed down on hers. 
Her limp little body sank onto the sofa. 
Ryan’s breathing became heavier. His lips never left hers, kissing and sucking them to his heart’s content. 
At this moment, a sultry female voice came from the stage. 
“Heaven is in your eyes, bright as the stars we’re under. Oh! Is it any wonder? I’m in the mood for love…” 
Ryan kissed Carrie until her head felt dizzy. Her bright eyes turned watery. 
“Mmm…” 
Ryan’s eyes were red with desire. He was like a wild beast that had been starving for many days. 
Although he was drunk, he was subtly aware that Carrie was his best friend’s sister. 
The second before he went all in, he reluctantly pulled himself away from Carrie. 
“You… You…” Carrie’s eyes were dazed. She could no longer think or speak coherently.
This kiss made her intoxicated. 
“I just wanted to verify whether your scientific theory is true.” Ryan narrowed his drunken eyes and continued, “Didn’t you say that women are naturally horny?” 
“You… Do you think I’m horny?” 
Carrie suddenly felt so sleepy that she could barely keep her eyes open. 
Ryan kissed her forehead and whispered in her ear. “Go to sleep. I’ll tell you the answer tomorrow.” 
Carrie, who was so talkative a few minutes ago, only felt drowsy at this moment. 
She vaguely heard the beautiful singing as she fell asleep. 
“Why stop to think of whether this little dream might fade? We’ve put our hearts together. Now we are one. I’m not afraid…” 
Bang-! 
Zoe furiously kicked open the door of the private room. 
The disheveled young men in the box turned pale with fright, and the women screamed and crawled into the arms of their male companions. 
“Who the hell are you?!” One of the young men pointed at Zoe and asked. 
Ryan protected his sister very well. Zoe went abroad when she was young, so few people in Savrow recognized her.
Zoe was resentful and infuriated. Without saying a word, she walked to the coffee table, picked up an empty wine bottle, and threw it at a young man’s head. 
The wine bottle shattered. The women screamed, and the men were dumbfounded.. 
“Your mother!” Zoe stared at them with scarlet, murderous eyes, looking like she would eat someone. 
“Where did this bitch come from?! How dare she cause such a mess?!” 
The other two men stood up for their friend. 
“What’s going on out here? What are you guys doing to my biological sister?” 
Ryan held the sleeping Carrie in his arms and walked back slowly from the terrace. 
Everyone was stunned. ‘Biological sister?!’
###chapter404
Chapter 404
The two men who stood up looked at each other and sat back down. 
The one who was smashed by the wine bottle had a stream of blood flowing from his hair. He said with a smile, “Haha… Oh, so this is Ms. Hoffman. We didn’t mean to disrespect you.” 
“Ryan! What on earth are you doing?!” Zoe was furious when she saw her eldest brother carrying Carrie. 
“Zoe, what are you doing?” Ryan asked sternly, frowning. 
“Ha… I asked you first! Are you mad because I crashed your party and interrupted your time with that bitch?!” Zoe’s eyes were red with anger. 
“If he offended you, you have the right to throw a bottle at him.” 
Ryan’s three other friends were so frightened that they dared not say a word, even though one of them was bleeding from his head. 
“But what did I tell you before? Why did you disobey me? I asked you not to come to ACE, and if you do come, you must tell me in advance so that I can make arrangements for you.” 
Ryan looked serious as he lectured her like a father. “Why are you so disobedient? You’re making me worry for nothing. How can I protect you if I’m unaware of your presence and something goes wrong here?” 
“Don’t be so sanctimonious and pretend that you care about me, Ryan!” 
Zoe put his hands on his hips and pointed angrily at his face. “Admit
You’re only angry because I interrupted your intimate session! Carrie is Justin’s sister, but you still dare to fool around with her behind his back. Ryan, you’re so shameless!” 
“Zoe Hoffman.” Ryan’s eyes suddenly darkened. 
Zoe’s heart trembled with fear, and she took a small step back. 
She could not recall a time since she was born when her eldest brother had called her by her full name. Ryan must have been infuriated. 
“You shouldn’t be here, so go home!” Ryan took a deep breath and shouted sternly. 
“I will, but you have to go with me!” 
The man lowered his eyes and looked at Carrie, who was sleeping soundly in his arms. “I won’t be going home tonight. Go home now and stop making trouble.” 
“What?! Are you really going to sleep with her?!” Zoe’s voice was so shrill that everyone’s ears hurt. 
“Yasmin!” 
Ryan stopped talking nonsense with his sister and shouted for his secretary. 
“I’m here, Mr. Hoffman.” Yasmin walked in urgently. 
“Please take Zoe home.” 
“Yes, sir.” 
As Ryan’s secretary and bodyguard, Yasmin only obeyed his orders. 
Therefore, she was not merciful toward Zoe. Yasmin strong-armed Zoe and dragged her out.
“Ahh! Don’t touch me! Get your filthy hands off me! You’re hurting me! Get away!” 
Of course, her shouts were pointless. 
Zoe did not know what kind of monster her eldest brother had trained. Yasmin’s hands were like shackles that she could not break free from. 
Thus, Zoe was dragged away in full view of everyone. 
Late at night, Bella put on a facial mask, lit some rose aromatherapy that she had made by herself, and lay in a large bathtub filled with rose petals. She was planning to pamper her tired body after many days of hard work. 
“Mm… This feels so good…” Bella wiggled her toes and narrowed her almond-shaped eyes in contentment. 
Men or a hot bath-at least one of them had to satisfy her, right? 
At this time, her phone rang. It was Steven calling. 
Steven did not come back with her tonight. Instead, he stayed at the hotel to work overtime, helping Bella deal with some trivial matters so that her workload tomorrow would not be so heavy. 
“Steve, if this is about work, let’s talk about it tomorrow. You should go home and rest.” 
Bella put the call on speaker mode so that she could fiddle with the floating rose petals on the water. 
“Ms. Bella, I just witnessed something that I think you should know…” 
Steven paused. There was a hint of worry in his voice as he continued, “But you have to promise me that you’ll stay calm.”
“Hey, I’ve been through all kinds of storms in my life. I’m always calm.” 
Steven took a deep breath and said, “I just saw Ryan Hoffman carrying Carrie Salvador to the hotel and checking into a room.” 
Splash–! 
Bella sat upright in the bathtub, like a carp jumping out of the water. What did you say? Who checked into a room with whom?” 
“Ryan Hoffman and Carrie Salvador. Ryan checked in personally. I can’t be mistaken.” 
Bella took a deep breath. 
The next second, the huge bathroom echoed with Bella’s earth- shattering roar. 
“That monster! Where is my knife?! I’ll make that bastard regret his actions!”
###chapter405
Chapter 405
Bella did not even have time to blow dry her hair. Thus, she pulled on a cashmere coat over her nightgown and drove her Bugatti to the KS World Hotel. Her hair was still dripping wet. 
On the way, she deliberated again and again. Finally, for the first time since the divorce, she called her ex-husband willingly. 
At this moment, Justin was on a business trip in Lisenne, a neighboring city 200 kilometers away from Savrow. 
Justin bought a piece of land in the suburbs to build a hot spring resort, which was still under construction. 
At that moment, Justin and lan wore yellow safety helmets as they inspected the construction site in person to get to know the progress of the project. 
Just as lan was holding the flashlight for Justin, who was checking the drawings, Justin’s phone rang. 
Justin frowned impatiently and took out his phone. 
On the screen, Bella’s name was dazzling, like gold in the night. 
Justin’s breath hitched, and his heart was pounding. His hand, which was holding the phone, trembled slightly. 
“Oh, it’s Young Madam!” lan looked excited on the side. 
“I know. Don’t make a fuss.” Justin pretended to be calm. He pursed his lips and wanted to pick up the call.
His fingers were a little stiff after being exposed to the cold wind for so long. He was also so excited that he did not control his muscles well. As a result, he rejected the call. 
lan shouted, “Mr. Salvador! Why did you hang up on the young madam?! She won’t call you for no reason. What if something happened?!” 
Justin panicked. He hated his fingers for failing him at such a critical moment. 
Fortunately, Bella called in again immediately. 
“Hey.” Justin did not miss this time. His voice was hoarse. 
“Oh, you finally picked up.” Bella’s voice was pleasant, but her tone was mocking. 
“Of course. I always answer your calls.” Justin’s tone was sincere. 
“Mr. Salvador, you don’t need to pretend. I know you well enough after being with you for three years. This isn’t the first time you’ve hung up on me either.” Bella sneered. 
Justin was confused and asked in surprise, “When have I ever hung up on you? I’ve never done that before.” 
“Whatever. I’m not calling to reminisce.” 
Bella’s voice was cold and indifferent. “I’m calling to tell you to prepare a funeral for your best friend.” 
“What’s wrong with Ryan? Did he do something to you?” Justin’s expression quickly turned cold. 
“If he did, he would already be buried in the cemetery in the eastern suburbs! It’s Carrie!” 
Bella clenched her teeth in anger. “Ryan got Carrie drunk and checked in with her at my hotel. My secretary witnessed it.”
“What?” 
Justin was shocked, then he quickly shook his head. “Ryan is not that kind of person.” 
Bella sneered. “Well, I don’t expect much from him since he’s your friend.” 
“Bella.” Justin was helpless. 
“I’m heading to the KS World Hotel now. I hope that beast still has some reason left in him. Otherwise, I will castrate him!” 
Bella sounded furious. “I will also suppress the news about this matter. If it spreads, I’m afraid it will affect Carrie’s reputation. You should come over right now. I will rescue Carrie, and you can take her home immediately. Don’t alert anyone else.” 
After that, Bella hung up without another word. 
Justin looked at the dimmed screen with a frown. 
He suddenly remembered that Bella used to find some odd reason to 
call him back when they were married. 
Justin was not annoyed at that time, but he still treated her indifferently. 
In his memory, he had never hung up on her, Did she remember it wrong? 
“I have an emergency, so I have to go back to Savrow immediately.” Justin was half-convinced by Bella. But since she asked him to go back, he would do so regardless. 
“Huh?! Now?”
lan raised his wrist and looked at his watch with a troubled look on his face. “Lisenne is 200 km from Savrow! The highway is still under construction, so it will take more than two hours to get back. I don’t think that you’ll be able to make it in time. Why not inform the old witch? Ms. Carrie is her biological daughter after all…” 
“Bella is already rushing over, so Carrie will be fine with her. But I have to go back and help her deal with the aftermath.” 
Justin lowered his eyes and remained silent before asking, “I 
remember there’s a helicopter on the top floor of the Salvador Mall in Lisenne.” 
“Yes, but at this hour, it’ll take time to find someone who can fly it.” lan was stumped again. 
Justin narrowed his eyes and snapped his fingers. “I can fly.” 
It was almost midnight in Savrow.
###chapter406
The screeching sound of tires against the parking lot’s floor was loud as Steven witnessed his boss drifting the Bugatti into the parking spot. 
Steven’s lips rose into a proud and admiring smile. 
Bella stepped out of the sports car, still in wet hair. Her beautiful eyes were burning with rage. 
“Which room is that bastard Ryan in?!” 
“The presidential suite on the top floor.” 
Steven looked worried and lowered his voice, “They’ve just checked in. There is only one suite on the top floor, so you can go upstairs and handle the situation without disturbing other guests.” 
“Alright.” 
A few minutes later, the fuming Bella stepped on her sharp stilettos and came to the door of the presidential suite with murderous intent. 
Steven followed her step by step, feeling like Bella was there to catch her husband cheating instead of rescuing Carrie. 
“Swipe your card.” 
“Yes, Miss.” 
Steven used the master key card to open the door. Bella kicked the door open with such force that it almost made a big hole in the thick door panel.
“Ryan Hoffman! Get your ass out here now!” 
Bella was at the peak of her anger as she roared a command. 
At this moment, Ryan heard her voice and came out. 
His bangs were still dripping with water. His muscular upper body was naked, and his toned lower body was loosely wrapped in a bath towel. 
Steven took a breath. He was afraid that the towel would fall if Ryan took another step, staining Bella’s pure eyes. 
However, Steven also thought that it was a pity that Ryan was not a gigolo. 
“Bella? It’s really you!” 
When Ryan heard the shouting, he thought it was Bella’s voice, but he was not sure. When he came out and saw that it was her, his eyes lit up with excitement. “Oh, why didn’t you tell me that you were coming? I would’ve put on some clothes.” 
Then he winked and said with a devilish smile, “Although I do look better without clothes.” 
Bella laughed angrily and slowly approached him. 
Slap-! 
Slap-! 
Slap-! 
Ryan only felt three flashes before his eyes. Three crisp slaps shook the entire presidential suite.
Bella struck him so quickly that he did not even realize what was happening. She slapped his arrogant and handsome face three times in a row. 
Ryan stared at her in astonishment, angry and aggrieved. His lips. were trembling. 
“Bella… You hit me… You actually hit me…” 
Ryan’s cheeks were swollen, burning, and numb. 
Steven, who was behind Bella, was also shocked. However, he was more worried about whether Bella’s hand hurt from such a strong slap. 
“Of course!” 
Bella’s blood boiled in her chest. She clenched her painful and numb palms. “Didn’t I warn you before that Carrie is like my sister even though she’s not related to me?! Are there not enough women around to entertain you? Why are you harassing Carrie? Do you think it’s exciting to sleep with your friend’s sister?!” 
“No, no… Bella, listen to me!” Ryan was so anxious that his mouth. went dry. However, Bella did not give him a chance to catch his breath. 
“Ryan, I really misjudged you. You’re a filthy beast!” 
Bella’s words pierced Ryan’s heart. An overwhelming grievance rushed over him, and his eyes turned red. 
“Ryan Hoffman, what did you do to Carrie?” 
A cold voice interrupted Ryan’s explanation.
Bella suddenly turned around, only to see Justin striding over. 
In the blink of an eye, Justin rushed to her side and glanced at her gently. 
Bella frowned and sized him up. 
Why did he look so unkempt? Did he go coal mining? 
“Justin! Bella slapped me three times in the face and called me a filthy beast!” 
Ryan felt even more aggrieved when his best friend appeared. He cried like a bullied schoolgirl in front of the principal. “She accused me of something I didn’t do! Control her!” 
Justin’s eyes were deep as he turned to glance at the fuming Bella. 
“I can never control what she does.”
###chapter407
Ryan’s eyes widened as he looked at the stunning pair in front of him. 
This sentence did not sound like much at first, but coupled with 
Justin’s longing gaze and hoarse voice, Ryan could feel the love in the air. 
Tsk, no. Love was not in the air. It was just Justin’s unrequited love. 
Ryan hated that he was naked and did not have his phone with him. Otherwise, he would have taken a photo of Justin’s expression at this moment and shown it to Justin to see how infatuated he looked. 
“Besides, you have a bad memory.” 
Justin’s handsome face was taut, and his starry eyes were full c anger. “I told you not to have any ideas about Carrie, but you in crossing our bottom line. You feel aggrieved after Bella slapped three times, but I think she should’ve hit you more!” 
‘Our bottom line?’ Bella had a strange feeling in her heart. She felt extremely uncomfortable being an entity with Justin. 
In the past, Justin was a cold-blooded man who avoided her like the plague, fearing that his life would be tied to her. 
“Mr. Salvador, please pay attention to your wording. You’re your own person. Don’t lump me with you.” 
Bella spoke coldly, turned around, and walked to the bedroom. ” Otherwise, I will only feel that my ears have been violated.” 
Justin pursed his lips in embarrassment.
“Pft! You tried to act lovey-dovey but failed! Haha!” 
Ryan gloated and felt relieved to see how defeated Justin looked. 
The next second, Ryan groaned in pain when Justin punched his perfectly sculpted eight-pack abs. It was so painful that Ryan felt like. his soul was about to leave his body. 
Bella hurried to the bedroom. 
She, who had always been calm and composed, had already come up with countless scenarios in her head. She was afraid of seeing something that would break her heart the moment she pushed the door open. 
If any of the scenarios she cooked up in her mind happened, she would kill Ryan, and even Justin could not protect him from her! 
“Carrie!” 
The moment Bella pushed open the door and rushed in, she froze. 
The room was quiet. The messy scene that she imagined did not come to fruition. 
A warm and sweet fragrance floated in the air, and a soft bedside. lamp illuminated Carrie’s sleeping face. It was such a peaceful and beautiful sight. 
Bella walked to the bedside with gentle steps, kneeled down, and caressed Carrie’s warm cheek. 
Seeing the teddy in Carrie’s arms, Bella felt like her heart was being squeezed. Her breathing was difficult, her nose was sore, and her eyes were swollen. 
Her red eyes were filled with tears.
The fearless Bella, who laughed freely and did everything that she pleased, could not bear to see this scene. 
At this time, Justin walked in and happened to see this. 
His broad shoulders trembled, and his throat felt stuffed. 
When Bella heard his footsteps, she panicked and quickly raised her hands to rub her eyes. 
There was a moment of silence in the room. 
Justin’s Adam’s apple bobbed. He lowered his eyelids and raised his hand to touch her damp hair. 
“You should dry your hair. It’s very cold outside, so you might catch a cold.” 
“It’s none of your business.” 
Bella stood up in a hurry, intending to avoid any inappropriate contact with him. 
Justin felt dejected, and he clenched his fists tightly. 
He did not know what he was doing. He was increasingly unable to understand his own behavior, and he was gradually losing sight of himself. 
“Ryan didn’t do anything to Carrie, so you can rest assured. Although he likes to fool around, he knows he can’t touch Carrie.” 
“That doesn’t guarantee that he won’t do anything to her in the future. A man’s words and lower body are not to be trusted.” Bella’s eyes were cold and indifferent. 
Justin knew that she was angry, so it pointless to continue
Was talking. He simply turned and walked to the bathroom. 
After a few seconds, he came back and covered her head with a towel. 
“Dry it yourself before leaving.” 
“Isaid, no need…” 
Before she finished speaking, the man pressed his big palms on the towel and wiped her hair nonchalantly. 
Bella was stunned for a moment. Her heart was confused. 
Was this man really Justin?
###chapter408
Bella wondered if Justin was still the same man who refused to even pour her a glass of water back then. 
How could he dry her hair now? 
Was he possessed? 
“Get your hands off me!” Bella gritted her teeth and protested in a 
lowered voice. However, Carrie still stirred in her sleep. 
Carrie’s delicate body curled up under the quilt, but she did not wake 
“If you want to wake Carrie, you might as well make more noise.” Justin slowly curled his lips and rubbed Bella’s hair. He had successfully found her weakness. 
“Then be gentle! I’ve been losing so much hair lately. You’re going to make me bald!” Bella frowned, her cheeks turning red with anger. 
“Sorry, this is my first time doing this kind of thing. I have no experience…” 
Justin felt an inexplicable warmth well up in his heart. His fingers relaxed, and he gently rubbed her hair with the towel. “I’ll do better next time.” 
Bella got goosebumps. She replied coldly, “Justin, I’m only condoning your behavior for Carrie’s sake this time. Next time, I’ll amputate your arms!” 
Justin wanted to laugh, but he still gently massaged her scalp.
Bella instantly felt the tense nerves in her body relax. Her beautiful eyes were half-closed. 
She thought, ‘Damn it! How could this man be so good at this? It’s so comfortable…” 
When Justin and Bella came out of the bedroom, Bella looked like she had just cried because her eyes were a little red. 
Justin tilted his head slightly, his eyes never leaving her. 
Ryan blinked and looked at them, feeling a little dazed for a moment. He felt like they were still a perfectly matched couple who were no divorced. 
Justin was astonishingly handsome. Apart from Bella, Ryan did not know any other woman who could be worthy of Justin.. 
“Ryan, you should go back home. Carrie will sleep here tonight.” 
Justin’s expression was pale. “It would be troublesome to wake her, so I’ll send her home when she wakes up tomorrow morning.” 
“I won’t go back tonight. I’ll stay here with Carrie!” 
Ryan remembered that he had kissed Carrie tonight while he was drunk. Although kissing could not lead to pregnancy, he felt guilty for taking advantage of her. Thus, he wanted to stay and take care of her. 
“No way!” The ex-couple spoke in unison. 
“Ms. Bella!” 
Steven answered a call and hurried into the room. “The security manager just reported to me that a helicopter was parked on the rooftop of our hotel. They don’t know who it belongs to.”
“A helicopter?” 
“It’s mine,” Justin admitted frankly. 
Bella and Steven were stunned. 
“Mr. Salvador went on a business trip to Lisenne yesterday. Ms. Thompson, Mr. Salvador flew back in a helicopter as soon as you called him!” 
lan was busy praising his boss. “Ms. Thompson, Mr. Salvador has never been so attentive to any woman.” 
lan felt that the reason Justin struggled to pursue Bella was because he was not frank enough. He was too reserved and did not express his feelings openly. 
If only Justin had half of Ryan’s clinginess and shamelessness, that would be great. 
Justin’s heart shrank in embarrassment. He stopped lan from speaking. “lan, don’t talk too much.” 
“Mr. Harris, why are you telling me this? Do you want me to praise. your boss?” 
Bella’s red lips curled coldly. “When a good person does a bad thing, people say that their true colors are exposed. But when a bad person does a good thing, people say that they are a changed person.” 
Ryan covered his mouth and laughed. 
Justin was speechless. 
“Carrie is his sister. It’s only natural that he rushes back. That’s a normal person’s reaction, so what’s there to praise?”
Bella was not bothered to entertain lan and Justin and walked straight out the door. 
Steven glanced at Justin coldly and left with his boss. 
“Hmph! How dare he look down on us?!” lan cursed in a low voice, thinking that Steven was a bully. 
“At least he knows what to say and what not to say.” 
Justin took a breath and shook his head angrily. “lan, you are everything, but you talk too much.” 
“I just wanted the young madam to know how hard you’ve worked… lan muttered aggrievedly. 
“She always knew how hard I worked.” 
The moment those words came out of his mouth, Justin felt a deep pain in his heart. The little bits and pieces of Bella’s kindness to him came flooding back like a wave. 
Bella had always known how hard Justin worked. 
But when Bella had been deeply in love with him, Justin was so stupid and ignorant about her feelings and efforts. 
There was so much love and hate between them. It was also difficult for Justin to make it up to Bella.
###chapter409
Bella returned to the villa with Steven after making sure that Carrie was alright. 
Along the way, she repeatedly replayed the scene of Justin wiping her hair in her head. Her heart shrank, and her mouth felt dry.. 
–“Sorry, it’s my first time doing this. I don’t have much experience…” 
Bella thought, ‘Bullshit! He’s been with Rosalind for many years. Even if they had not slept together, they’d probably done everything couple has done. Why is he pretending to be innocent with me? He’s best friends with Ryan, so they must be the same kind of people.’ 
When she got home, Bella kicked off her high heels and did not ish back upstairs. Instead, she sat on the sofa with a gloomy e 
Steven warmed up a glass of milk and brought it over to her wit concern in his eyes. “Ms. Bella, it’s already midnight. You should to bed after drinking this.” 
“How did Carrie and Ryan meet tonight? Carrie has always stayed at home, closely watched by the Salvador family. What’s going on?” Bella was not at all sleepy. She was just worried about Carrie. 
“I asked Ryan, but he said that he didn’t know why Ms. Carrie showed up at his club. But he said that she was nervously looking for something. If he had not met her, she would’ve been in trouble.” 
Bella frowned in confusion. “Looking for something? What is it?” 
“A teddy bear that you gave her.” 
Bella’s breath hitched. She clenched her fingers. “How did the teddy 1 gave to Carrie end up in ACE?”
“I asked him if there was anything unusual about ACE tonight, and he said no. But he accidentally mentioned his sister, Ms. Zoe.” Steven was a lawyer and was very good at subtly digging out information. 
“Oh, I understand.” 
Bella raised her eyebrows. Although she was there at the time, she could already imagine the full story. “Bethany’s old habits must be acting up again! How dare she bully Carrie?! I think she needs to be taught a lesson!” 
Steven was stunned. 
“I will definitely avenge Carrie!” 
Justin kicked Ryan home. It was already past midnight by the time Ryan got home. 
He lay on the bed, closed his eyes, and thought about kissing Carrie. 
“I’m such a monster!” 
Ryan cursed himself and closed his eyes tightly. Finally, he got up and went to the bathroom to take a 20-minute cold shower before his body felt normal again. 
He only fell asleep when it was dawn. 
Ryan slept until the afternoon of the next day. 
After he got dressed and walked out of his room, Zoe’s pretty and resentful face appeared in front of him. 
“Ryan, you have gone too far!”
“Too far? Just because I told you not to go to ACE and hang out with Bethany?” 
Ryan raised his hand to touch the top of Zoe’s head and clicked her tongue. “Zoe, why are you becoming less sensible as you get older? You can’t even tell good from bad.” 
“Don’t touch me with the hand you touched Carrie with. I think it’s dirty!” 
Zoe knocked his hand off and blurted out Carrie’s resentment in front of her eldest brother. 
“Zoe, what did you say? 
Ryan’s eyes widened as he looked at his sister in disbelief. 
Zoe felt embarrassed being dragged away from ACE last night, so she was resentful and vented her dissatisfaction. I just hate Carrie! Ryan, you’re my big brother. How can you share your love with her?!” 
“Zoe, what are you talking about?” Ryan frowned. 
“You turned the whole club upside down just to find a rag toy for her!” 
The more Zoe yelled, the more hysterical she became. She was. stamping her feet in anger, making the servants passing by look at her weirdly, but no one dared to take another look. 
“I’m your biological sister! When have you ever cared so much about ever me? You always appease me with money. But now you’re so considerate of that fool. Ryan, what are you doing with your conscience ?! How many years have I been studying abroad? Once I come back, you’re with that dummy!” 
“Zoe, Carrie is not a dummy. I won’t allow you to badmouth her like that.” Ryan glared at Zoe and scolded her.
###chapter410
When Ryan heard Zoe calling Carrie a dummy, he felt that she was being too harsh. 
In his eyes, Zoe had always been an angel. Even if she was willful at times, he thought that she was kind-hearted. 
At this moment, Zoe’s scarlet eyes widened. She was extremely angry, as if he had a deep hatred for Carrie. 
Ryan thought, ‘Was it just because I was with Carrie last night?” 
Over the years, Ryan had been with countless women, but Zoe had never been so resistant. Why was she so hostile when he was nice to Carrie? 
“Ryan, you yelled at me because of that dummy!” Zoe was so frightened that her face turned pale when Ryan glared at her with piercing eyes. She felt the chill and broke out in a cold sweat. 
“Carrie is not a dummy. I don’t want to hear this word from your mouth again. I’ll get really mad if you do it again, Zoe.” 
Ryan took a deep breath, his eyes filled with sadness. “You might not remember this because you were still young when Dad passed away. Mom was busy dealing with our family’s affairs and had no energy to take care of us. So I was always there to take care of you, feed you, and play with you. I even changed your diapers. How could you say that I mistreated you or didn’t care about you? I’ve never felt so heartbroken hearing you say that.” 
“Ryan…” Zoe was dumbfounded, and her voice was trembling.
“It’s not that I don’t care about you. We’re adults now, so the way I care about you has changed, and you just don’t feel it.” 
Ryan’s eyes suddenly darkened. “I don’t blame you for not understanding that. But I just don’t understand why you are so hostile to Carrie. How did she offend you?” 
“I just don’t like her. She doesn’t deserve to be with my eldest brother!” Zoe was so flustered by his question that she simply found an an excuse. 
Ryan clenched his jaw. His eyes were stern and dark. “Zoe, you have no right to look down on Carrie. She’s Justin’s sister, so her social status is no less than that of you and me. Even if she had nothing and was born poor, no one can stop me from being with the woman I want.” 
After saying what sounded like a confession, Ryan turned around and left. 
Zoe stood there and gritted her teeth in anger. 
A whole week passed since Ada Wang and KS World Hotel terminated their contract. 
This week, Steven sent people to closely monitor the members of the planning team but found nothing. 
“Ms. Bella, it’s been a week, but there’s been no progress. Do you. think that we’re searching down the wrong path?” 
Steven scratched his head in frustration. “Maybe there is no mole in the team.” 
“No one has contacted Xena Gordon?” Bella asked while playing games. 
“No, everything is normal.” 
“Haha, there should be something going on under all that normalcy. It seems that without a show, the fish won’t take the bait.”
Bella hummed a little tune and killed the last zombie in the game. The bloody scene made Steven close his eyes tightly. “Gather the members of the project team for an emergency meeting now. 
Half an hour later, eight hotel staff who were previously responsible for planning Ada Wang’s wedding came to the conferenc time. 
After everyone waited for about ten minutes, Bella opened and walked in with a happy face. 
Although the contract was terminated, her mood did not seem to be affected in any way. 
“Sorry for being late. I had to take care of some important business.” 
Bella sat down at the head of the conference table with a smile. She scanned the eight people and curled her red lips confidently. “I have reworked a new wedding plan, so I’ll ask Ada Wang to ask her to reconsider cooperating with us!” 
Everyone was amazed and excited. “Really?! That’s great, Ms. Thompson!” 
Bella nodded with a smile as she continued to scan the faces of these eight people. 
At this moment, she noticed that one of the staff members, Henry, had a slightly stiff expression, which intrigued her. 
At this moment, Henry raised his hand and asked a question. 
“Ms. Thompson, hasn’t Ada Wang already chosen Salvador Corporation? Now that it has come to this point, can we still pry her over?” 
Bella clasped her fingers on the table, narrowed her beautiful eyes and asked with a faint smile, “Oh? Has Ada already decided to work with Salvador Corporation? Where did you hear of it? Why didn’t I hear such big news?”
###chapter411
With the curt question hanging heavy in the air, all eyes were on Henry. 
Though intimidated by Bella’s stern gaze, Henry pulled himself together and replied, “It’s an open secret. Ada couldn’t decide between us and the Salvador Hotel before, but you managed to impress Ada enough to host her wedding. Now that we lost the contract and Ada’s wedding is around the corner, it makes sense that she switches service to the Salvador Hotel.” 
That was an airtight response. 
Sinking her back into her seat, Bella smiled and uttered, “You got a point, but you’re neglecting one thing. The Salvador Hotel has yet to sign a formal agreement with Ada.” 
Everybody was surprised. “What? It’s been a week. I can’t believe they have not signed a deal yet.” 
Henry might look unfazed, but his expression froze. 
“If they did, the Salvadors would be announcing it to the whole world. I doubt there’s any progress since they have been quiet. I believe we still stand a chance.” 
Putting her feet to the ground, Bella twirled in her leather chair. “I’m a stubborn woman. I’ll fight tooth and nail until the very last second. I have come up with a new proposal, and I’ll be showing it to Ada within the next two days. Hopefully, I can catch Salvador Corporation off guard.” 
Everybody cheered. “Yay! We know we can count on you, Ms. 
Henry smiled pretentiously while echoing the group’s sentiment.
“But we were the ones who violated the contract in the first place, Ms. Thompson. We are probably the last people Ada wants to see. I don’t think she would agree to meet you.” 
“Yeah. Some things can’t be forced.” 
Bella smiled cockily, her eyes glistening. 
“Things never really go as planned. Even if we can’t force things, I still strive to make a difference.” 
The project committee left after the meeting. 
Bella and Steven were the only ones in the huge conference room. 
Holding the coffee from Steven, Bella stood before the floor-to-ceiling window to enjoy the bird’s-eye view of Savrow while sipping on coffee. 
“Ms. Bella, were you baiting when you mentioned the new proposal?” Steven stood next to her and asked probingly. 
“That’s right, and someone took the bait.” 
Steven widened his eyes excitedly. “Really? Who?” 
“It’s only a suspicion of mine. I can’t be sure without evidence.” 
Bella hid the emotions behind her eyes. “Steve, monitor Henry once you get off work tonight, and report back to me right away on any meetings or suspicious activity.” 
Carrie woke up the next day. Justin had dropped her off at home. 
With Justin having Carrie’s back, Shannon dared not express her grievance to Gregory.
Bethany kept her thoughts to herself since she picked on Carrie to begin with. Shannon would not tell her off anyway, but Gregory would lecture her about it. 
That evening, Carrie lay in bed sulkily and held her long-lost teddy. As her mind flew back to last night, her heart raced and her cheeks flushed. 
In fact, she blacked out last night. She could not remember what happened after and how she got back. 
The only memory that lingered was the weight on her lips when the lights went out, not to mention Ryan’s smothering gaze that could look into her soul. 
Carrie drew a deep breath and got out of bed. She went to sit down by the table. 
Pulling out a sketchbook and pencil, she closed her eyes for a moment before sketching on the blank sheet. 
Minutes later, the portrait of a deviously handsome face was laid out on the paper. 
Carrie managed to capture the essence of his cheekiness. 
She stared at her drawing, tracing his beautiful eyes with her fingers. 
“Ryan is so good-looking.” 
Unbeknownst to Carrie, Ryan drove his fiery red Ferrari to Tideview Manor. 
“Who did you say was here?” 
Shannon was enjoying the fall foliage in the backyard with Gregory when the butler came bearing unexpected news.
“Mr. Ryan Hoffman has arrived.”
###chapter412
“At this hour?” Gregory looked at the time and frowned. “He should know that Justin isn’t home, and it’s almost dinner. Why did he come at-” 
“Oh, Greg. Ryan doesn’t pay us a visit every day. Don’t read too much. into it. Ryan could be here for Bethany, for all we know.” Shannon clung to Gregory’s arm. 
“Shannon, are you saying that Bethany and Ryan are…” Gregory was surprised. 
“You’ve been too busy with work to pay attention to your daughter. doubt you know what’s going on with Bethany.” 
Shannon poked her husband on the arm and said with a pout, Bethany has always had a crush on Ryan.” 
Gregory was shocked. “So Bethany likes Ryan? I couldn’t tell at all.” 
“Girls can be shy. It’s not something she’ll talk about openly.” 
Shannon looked abashed for her daughter. 
“It’s not something to tread lightly on. Bethany’s marriage is essential to our family’s future.” 
Gregory turned solemn. “Bethany is my first daughter and the apple of my eye. It’s imperative that she marry into the right family. She must pick one of the finest men in all of Savrow.” 
Shannon said, “The Hoffmans belong to a handful of the rich and powerful in Savrow. Plus, Ryan is Logan’s only grandson. Even thought
Ryan has an uncle, the man is too old to have children. It’s only a matter of time before the family business is passed down to Ryan.” 
She had everything figured out. “Besides, Ryan is close with Justin. Our families will be brought closer with Bethany marrying into the Hoffmans.” 
Gregory eased his frown as Shannon convinced him. 
Although Ryan had a reputation for being a playboy, he was just playing the field, just like most guys do, especially when they were used to getting whatever they wanted. 
Gregory had been there and done that. Ryan would focus on family life when he had enough of following the teenage playbook. Bethany and Ryan were in the same social class. When they married each other, the Salvador family could keep Ryan in line, away from his wandering eyes. 
Ryan sat in the living room. 
He had playdates with Justin at Tideview Manor when he was a kid, so he felt very much at home. Ryan went ahead and poured himself a drink instead of waiting for the maids. 
“What brings you here today, Ryan?” 
Gregory and Shannon came to welcome him, even though Gregory did not usually show his face. However, after a conversation with his wife, Gregory felt he should be there. 
“Sorry for the spontaneous visit, Uncle Greg.” Ryan appeared close to 
Gregory, seeing that they were on a first-name basis. 
“We were just getting ready for dinner. Why don’t you join us?” Shannon extended the invitation. 
“I won’t be staying for dinner.”
Ryan declined and added, “Is Bethany home? I need a word with her.” 
Gregory and Shannon exchanged intriguing looks. 
Upon learning of Ryan’s presence, Bethany could not wait to see him. 
Nevertheless, her mother once reminded her to play hard to get, so she resisted meeting Ryan recently. 
It never occurred to her that the approach worked, and Ryan came to her house to see her. 
Bethany walked into the room with her heart pounding out of her chest. 
“You wanted to see me, Ryan?” 
Ryan clutched his glass and took a sip nonchalantly. “Yeah.” 
“What’s the matter?” Bethany sat across from him coyly, looking rather shy. 
“Do you have anything to say for yourself about the incident at ACE last night?” Ryan fixated on her coldly and cut straight to the chase. 
Bethany’s heart dropped. “What happened last night?” 
“Carrie doesn’t leave her home. How did her teddy end up dumped at ACE?” 
Ryan slammed his glass, his eyes piercing. “You went too far with your little fun and games. You were out of line yesterday, Bethany.” 
Bethany turned as white as a sheet, apprehension washing over her.
“I think you got the wrong idea, Ryan.” Her eyes welled up in fear. Using tears as a weapon, she played the victim. 
“Carrie didn’t even shed a tear, even when you played her. What are you crying about?” 
Ryan could not even look at Bethany because those were simply crocodile tears. “I came here to tell you two things. One, stop picking on Carrie. I’ll have her back from now on. Think twice before you try to pull another stunt on her, Two, stay away from my sister. She’s an innocent girl. I don’t want you to be a bad influence on her.” 
The man stood up and walked away without looking back. 
Bethany stared vacantly as the door slammed shut, her body sliding to the ground from the sofa..
###chapter413
Ryan was not in a hurry to leave after walking out of the lounge. Instead, he wandered around the place. 
He looked like he was taking a walk, but something was cooking. 
Ryan hoped to spot the tiny figure with her always-downcast head. 
He was no angel. 
However, he always had a soft spot for that delicate girl. 
“Young Master Ryan? What are you doing here?” Running to Ryan, 
Wilma drew close and asked in shock. 
“Uh… Erm… Um…” 
Ryan looked awkward as he stumbled for words. Finally, he plucked the courage to ask, “Where is Carrie’s room, Wilma?” 
Wilma looked at him in shock. 
She could never, in her wildest dreams, associate the man with 
“What do you want to do, Young Master Ryan? Ms. Carrie doesn’t comfortable with strangers. Don’t scare her.” 
Ryan furrowed her brows. “Wilma, you know me. I grew up with Justin.” 
“If you ask me, this is what I think about you and Young Master Justin.” Wilma gave a thumbs up.
“But you with women…” Wilma gave him a thumbs down. 
Ryan had a face-palm moment. 
It took a lot of persuasion on Ryan’s part to whitewash his image as a playboy before Wilma finally took him to see Carrie. 
“I’ll keep watch at the door. Make it quick before others catch your here.” Wilma stood in front of the door and urged him sternly. 
Ryan did not know what to say. “We are not doing anything illegal, Wilma. Don’t be so uptight about it.” 
He took strides into the room and closed the door behind him. 
Once Wilma snapped out of her thoughts, her eyes bulged in rage.” You little brat! What did you say to me?” 
Ryan was surprised upon walking into Carrie’s room. 
Bethany’s room overflowed with princessy opulence, while Carrie’s room embraced stark minimalism. Carrie did not have any personal furnishings beyond the manor’s bare necessities. 
Ryan heard some noise coming from the bedroom, so he tiptoed his way there. 
With the door left ajar, he slipped inside. 
He could see Carrie’s slender back against a wide desk. She was scribbling something. 
As his eyes darkened, Ryan crept behind her and craned his neck to see what she was doing. 
His heart skipped a beat.
With pursed lips, Carrie sketched a portrait, and the model was him. 
“All done.” Carrie put down the pencil and admired the portrait with a smile. 
“When are you planning on giving it to me?” 
“Ah!” 
Carrie let out a scream and jumped out of the chair. She tried to cover the drawing, but it was too late. 
Acting quickly, Ryan curled his lips and snatched the drawing from her grasp. 
“G-Give it back!” Rosy-cheeked, Carrie got on her tiptoes and tried to retrieve it. 
Since the man towered over her, Carrie gripped his collar in rage and sneaked around him to snatch it back. 
“Cough! Let go! Let go! You’re going to strangle me to death.” 
Ryan gasped for air. Left with no choice, he bent over and scoope Carrie up to put her on the table. At least then he could breathe. 
“Give it back! That’s my drawing!” A tearful Carrie refused to give up. 
“You drew me. Technically, you violated my rights.” 
Ryan’s eyes were intense when their gazes met. “As compensation, why don’t you give the drawing to me, Carrie?” 
Blushing in the face, Carrie yanked on the man’s collar. 
Ryan fell forward with widened eyes and squashed Carrie under him.
Their lips were nearly touching. 
“Uh… It tickles.” 
Carrie looked away as the man’s tobacco-filled breath smothered her. 
Her heart was beating fast. 
Ryan was in a daze. 
It took everything in him to stop the fire in his loins. He straightened his back and got up. 
His eyes welled up, and his breathing grew heavy. 
Although Carrie was of age, she looked petite and delicate, all curled up on the table. 
She hid half her face between her knees and extended her arm to the man. “Give it back.”
###chapter414
“I saved you… I mean, your teddy last night. Can’t you let me have the portrait in return?” 
Propping his firm hand onto the desk, Ryan leaned forward and continued, “I like the sketch. Can I have it, please?” 
“I-I have something else for you.” Carrie sounded timid. Her toes. curled up. 
“What is it?” Ryan’s eyes lit up. 
Minutes later, Ryan returned to his Ferrari. 
A wide grin plastered across his face as he held a cake box and a scrolled portrait. He had never been happier. 
In fact, he had seen the portrait Carrie gave to Nigel during his birthday celebration. Since then, Ryan has been yearning to get one himself. 
He wanted a drawing that was only made for him. 
To his surprise, he had gotten it. 
The joy and happiness he felt were indescribable. 
Ryan put away the sketch with glee and eagerly opened the cake box. 
It was a simple and slightly ugly blueberry mousse cake inside. 
He slid his finger on the cream and put it in his mouth for a taste. 
Ryan smacked his lips with furrowed brows.
Why does it taste a little sour? 
Late at night, Bella sat behind her computer in the study to game with a facial mask on. She did not even take a break. 
Truth be told, she was sleepy. However, Bella was worried as Steven had not returned after she sent him out tonight to follow Henry. She waited for his update while gaming to stay awake. 
The officials of the game server sent her yet another email, inviting her to compete in the professional league as the top female gamer, but she declined every time. 
She only played games to kill time, and she did not want to mix. pleasure with business. It was not as if she needed the money. 
Beep. 
She received a notification that Christopher was online. His gaming name was “Rose”, while Bella’s was “Lucifer”. 
[Rose: How about a game?] 
[Lucifer: Alright. Invite me to one.] 
As Christopher and Bella communicated via the voice channel, the man’s voice echoed in the room. 
“Good evening, Ms. Lucifer.” 
“Good evening to you too, Mr. Rose. Bella teased him, “Are you blooming tonight?” 
“It looks like you’re handling things well. The incident with Ada hasn’t gotten to you,” Christopher said with a tender smile.
“Duh. I am trained in the dark arts.” 
“What do you mean?” 
“He can channel his inner Darth Vader, plotting my demise, but trust me, the Force is strong with this one.” 
Christopher chuckled. He paused and asked, “Do you need my help?” 
“Nah, I’m good. It’s between me and Salvador Corporation. It’s not a huge deal, but I don’t want to get the Iverson Group involved. Thank you for the offer, though.” Bella turned down his help. 
“I don’t represent the Iverson Group. I want to help because I want to help you.” His concern was reflected in Christopher’s soft voice. 
Bella raised a brow. “So you don’t trust me to handle it on my 
“No.” 
Christopher laughed helplessly. “I don’t want you to be tired. I w you to spend some time gaming with me. It’s been days since y were online.” 
Bellan blinked in a trance. 
Had he been waiting for her online? 
This man had nothing to do and had no friends since he had just come back from Sentania. It was no wonder he could not leave her alone. 
It was sad, really.
There was a knock on a door, and Steven’s voice was heard. 
“I’m back, Ms. Bella!” 
Now that the man that she was waiting for was back, Bella said. goodbye to Christopher in a hurry. “Right, I need to attend to something now. Goodnight, Mr. Iverson.” 
She left the voice channel before he could respond. 
Meanwhile, Christopher stared at the channel and murmured to himself affectionately. 
“Goodnight, Bella.” 
His expression turned into a grimace as he clicked on his mouse. 
The gaming page was replaced by information on Steven and his two brothers.
###chapter415
Steven, well dressed for the fall weather, rushed to Bella’s side. He panted and broke out in a sweat. 
Bella was not in a hurry to ask about the outcome. Instead, she approached the coffee table and poured him a drink. 
“Take a breather. Drink up. It must be cold outside.” 
Steven took the glass. His cold fingers brushed against Bella’s, and he felt a warm spark from her. 
“Take a seat and rest.” 
Bella turned to sit on the sofa, crossing her legs under her dressing gown. Her pink, fluffy slipper dangled on the tip of her foot. 
With flushed cheeks, Steven cupped the glass between his hands. restlessly. “You’re right, Ms. Bella. Henry knows Xena, and they are more than friends.” 
Bella curled her lips. “Even if I’m right, I need a capable man like you to make things happen.” 
Steven smiled abashedly and handed over his phone. 
She took the phone and glanced down at the pictures without showing much emotion. 
The photos revealed Henry’s and Xena’s date at a café. Henry caressed Xena’s face while the latter held his hand as they looked sweetly into each other’s eyes. 
“We have concrete proof, Ms. Bella. We can question Henry.” Steven was excited to acquire evidence. 
“These are far from enough.” Bella put the phone down with a blank face.
“Are they not good enough?” 
Steven’s eyes bulged. “I reached out to a connection to get Henry’s and Xena’s hotel stay records. They met up at hotels at least twice at week, but they did not know each other before these two months. 
“Can’t the photos and hotel stays prove that Henry has been tipping her off?” 
“We know it’s Henry for sure, but we have insufficient evidence to prove it. You have taken a course in law. You should know the circumstantial evidence can’t be pinned on Henry.” 
Bella closed her eyes listlessly and lay on the sofa. “If they insist that they were just dating, we can’t do anything about it.” 
It dawned on Steven that Bella was not just trying to find out who backstabbed her. 
Bella was trying to root them all out from top to bottom and make them pay a painful price. 
“We need to get proof of him leaking trade secrets,” Steven said dejectedly. 
“Henry couldn’t wait to tell Xena after I mentioned that I had a new proposal. I can guess what he’s about to do next. Stop tracking Henry in the next few days so we don’t spook him. Get eyes on Xena and 
Bethany. See if they will communicate with each other. 
“And one more thing. Look into Xena. We might find a surprise. 
“Got it, Ms. Bella.” 
Suddenly, he could hear steady breathing.
Steven looked over and noticed Bella had dozed off. Her lips parted, breathing in air as shadows cast under her lashes. 
She must be drained from all the thinking. 
Steven’s eyes reflected his affection and heartache. Getting down on one knee by the sofa, he reached out to carry her. 
However, he had to restrain himself from touching her. In the end, he grabbed a blanket to tuck her in. 
He was only a secretary. He should not take advantage of her while she was asleep. 
Besides, Steven believed that the man who was worthy to carry Bella was her lover, apart from her father and brothers. 
Steven was happy enough to stay by her side and straighten out her train on the day of her wedding.
###chapter416
It was late into the night. Justin sat near the window of his study and poured himself a glass of red wine. 
The wine glass was one he rummaged out of the pile of gifts from Bella. It was a Baroque-style crystal glass. The crisp clink was a testament to its fine craftsmanship. 
Justin wondered if she wished their relationship would last forever when she gifted him the glass. 
Furrowing his brows, Justin suddenly tasted bitterness in the wine. 
Following a knock on the door, lan hurried in with a file. 
“I have found everything we need to know about Xena Gordon, Mr. Salvador. Don’t you worry! I even know where her grandparents’ graves are. I’m sure I didn’t miss anything.” lan spoke confidently 
Bella’s opinion of Justin changed for the worse after lan’s blabbi so lan put a lot of work into the investigation to make things up Justin. 
“Scan the file and send it to Ms. Thompson.” 
Justin swirled the glass and watched the wine with interest under the light. 
lan was stunned. calling her that?” 
Justin gave lan a chilling look, to which lan smiled and replied, “Right. Of course, I’ll send it to the young madam.” 
“Just email it to her.”
Justin paused and added, “Make it anonymous.” 
“Huh? Why?” lan spoke faster than he could think. 
The man pursed his lips. “I worry that she might delete the email without reading it if she sees that it’s from the Salvador Corporation.” 
lan was shocked by his boss’s humility. 
The phone on the coffee table vibrated. 
Justin picked it up to take a look. Ryan was requesting a video call. 
Confused, Justin took the call. “What do you want?” 
On the screen, Ryan lay on a white bed with a discolored face. Judging by the blue and white walls in the background, Justin inferred that Ryan must be at the hospital. 
“Justin… I’m about to die…” 
“My condolences.” Justin looked unfazed. 
“Justin… Your sister, Carrie… Does she have a knack for poison?” 
Ryan waved his arm, which was hooked to an IV drip. His body curled up in pain. “She gave me a blueberry mousse cake, and I ate it all. But I couldn’t stop throwing up and having diarrhea the minute I got home. I had to call an ambulance to get to the hospital. The doctor said I had severe food poisoning. I knew something was wrong when I ate it because it tasted sour. But man, it hurt so bad.” 
lan turned his back and hunched over, laughing silently in tears.
Ryan had food poisoning, but he sounded like he was giving birth. 
The stiffness in Justin’s lips was evidence that he was holding back 
laughter. “If you knew there was a problem, why did you eat it anyway?” 
“She made me the cake. How could refuse? Ouch! Argh…” Ryan grimaced. 
Even the toughest man had a breaking point.
###chapter417
The project team members regained hope after the last meeting. They were filled with motivation once again. 
Bella was a great influencer, captivating her employees with her charms to become her fans. 
Today, Bella had a cheerful briefing with the team. 
She said, “Ada has agreed to meet with me tonight. I’m not going to get ahead of myself on the outcome, but this is the first step in the right direction.”- 
The team members cheered. 
Only Henry sat at the farthest end of the table. Despite his smiling face, he was not the least bit happy. 
“We breached the contract, but I believe Ada is the type to 
understand. I’m confident that my proposal is more impressive than the Salvadors’. Once she takes a look at it, she will be more satisfied than she was with the first proposal,” Bella said with a confident smile. 
“Show us, Ms. Thompson!” 
“I want to show you, but after the last incident, I have to be careful. It’s not that I don’t trust you. It’s just troubled times. There are too many eyes on the outside watching us. 
“As the general manager of KS World Hotel, I can’t allow us to fall for the same trick twice. I hope you can understand.”
Understanding where Bella was coming from, the group expressed. their hope for Bella’s triumphant return. They rubbed their palms, waiting to get their hands on the job, 
That evening, Bella dined at a restaurant while Steven sorted out 
paperwork in her office. 
Once that was done, Steven dialed a number and left the office. 
The moment he walked out of the office, Henry slipped right in. 
Security was not tight tonight, so he managed to get into Bella’s -private space. 
He knew that his every move would be captured by the cameras all around, but he had to do it anyway because he was running out of time. 
If he could not get the new proposal tonight, Bella might just close the deal with Ada again, and his girlfriend would not get her revenge. 
Henry was blinded by love and caught up in his feelings for Xena. 
He wanted to give her everything she wanted. Heck, he was willing to be a criminal for her. 
Henry used the torch function on his phone as he carefully and swiftly searched around Bella’s office. 
He was confident that the proposal was in the office. 
Bella had not left the hotel, and Steven did not take his bag with him, so the proposal must not be with either of them. 
He quickly rummaged through the drawers and cabinets, breaking out. in a cold sweat from anxiety.
Finally, he pulled out the proposal at the bottom of the pile of documents. 
“This is it. Yes!” 
Henry gripped the file, hot with emotions. He mumbled to himself, “I can help you get vengeance, Xena. I can finally help you!” 
Click! 
The office’s light suddenly came on. 
Steven barged in with a few bodyguards and encircled Henry. 
Henry was dumbfounded to be surrounded by a human barricade. He froze in awkwardness but refused to put down the proposal. 
He knew that he would be discovered sooner or later. 
It just never crossed his mind that it would be so soon. 
The security team formed two rows to give way. 
Dressed in a sleek black suit, Bella rocked her black stilettos with red bottoms. Her gaze was intense when she strutted into the office. 
Her commanding presence rivaled that of a chief commander. 
Henry shuddered at the sight of Bella. He would be lying if he said he was not afraid. 
“Do you know that commercial theft is classified as stealing? You can rot in jail and lose everything you own just by holding those few pieces of paper.”
Steven scowled, his eyes flickering coldly. “It’s less than three years. imprisonment and possibly a fine for causing massive loss for selling trade secrets. For more severe cases, you can get 3 to 10 years of jail time.”
###chapter418
Henry staggered backward and nearly stumbled over. 
“We have witnesses and proof. Do you have anything to say for yourself?” 
Steven’s eyes turned bloodshot at the thought that the mole had caused Bella a lot of pain. He had envisioned several scenarios in hist mind about killing Henry. 
“I have nothing to say.” 
Although Henry was scared, his love for Xena Gordon helped him. overcome his ear. He stood tall and faced Bella and Steven. “I stole the proposal and sold it to the media. I did everything, and I will accept the consequences.” 
By accepting the consequences, he meant he would never rat Xena out. 
Henry refused to budge, so Steven was livid and tempted to punch Henry in the face. 
“Steven and Henry, please stay back. Everyone else, please wait in the corridor.” Bella, who had remained silent thus far, spoke with authority. 
The security team swiftly moved out of the office. 
“I can be honest with you, Henry.” 
Bella strolled to a sofa to sit down. She grabbed a piece of chocolate from the plate and unwrapped it before putting the piece in her mouth. “There’s no new proposal right from the start. I never asked Ada to meet with me” 
“W-What did you say?” Henry was shocked.
Bella chuckled. “Take a look if you don’t believe me.” 
Henry opened the proposal with shaking hands. He sweated profusely. 
The first page had words on it, but the next few were blank pages. 
Henry just admitted a crime to a group of people. Steven even recorded his testimony. 
Bella tricked him, and he fell for it! 
“How did you know it was me?!” 
After everything that happened, Henry did not have to play nice with Bella anymore, so he got straight to the point. He needed to know why before he was taken away. 
“KS World Hotel is impenetrable unless we have a mole among us. 
Bella chewed on the chocolate. “I knew we had a rat in the project team once the first proposal was leaked out, so I had eyes on each one of you. You were able to keep it together and stay out of suspicion by keeping your distance from Xena. I believe you would have succeeded if I hadn’t lured you out.” 
“You know about Xena? How do you know?” Henry was more concerned about his girlfriend than his current predicament. 
“Don’t forget who Ms. Thompson is.” Steven smirked, finding hist question silly. 
Henry drooped his shoulders in despair, 
The heiress of the KS Group was blessed with wealth and resources. There was nowhere Xena could run.
The enemy was far too powerful. 
“You’ve worked for KS World for ten years, Henry. You were dedicated to the company, planning many high-value events. You’re a talented man. I was going to promote you to the chief of the planning department at the end of the year.” Bella sighed in regret. 
Henry was taken aback. 
“You threw your future away because of so-called love, and you’re facing charges. Do you think it’s worth it?” 
“Yes! I love her. I’m willing to do anything for her.” 
Henry’s eyes turned menacing as he jolted forward. 
Bella remained composed. 
Startled, Steven jumped out to shield Bella. 
“Bella Thompson! Don’t pretend to be the good guy here!” 
Henry looked Bella dead in the eye, seeking justice for his lover. “I don’t need your promotion. Everything I did was to help Xena get her revenge! Xena’s dad is in jail because of you! You destroyed Xena’s life! You God-forsaken capitalist! You got off easy by losing one deal. The way I see it, you deserve to die!”
###chapter419
Henry lashed out at Bella as if she had killed his mother. 
Steven turned red, but Bella did not take the remarks to heart. She curled her lips and said with a smile, “Tsk. Interesting.” 
“What did you say?” Henry became flustered. 
“I meant to say, Xena is interesting.” Bella took another piece of chocolate. 
Steven smiled dotingly to himself when he noticed they were running low on sweets. 
“You have only known Xe?a for two months, but she has you wrapped around her little finger. You are willing to risk your future and fight against the rich and powerful for her. 
“Tsk. Tsk. I should learn from Ms. Gordon.” 
“You have no right to speak ill of Xena! You’re the vile wo thinks you own everybody because you have money. Xena w have her family to lean on if it were not for you. You ruined he 
Henry shouted in an outburst. “You people with money are the b of society!” 
Steven did not get it. Bella could just turn Henry in to the police instead of wasting her breath with the hopeless romantic.. 
“I don’t mind you ripping into me. It’s not like I can stop you. My father survived the criticism and more than one assassination because he has power and money.” 
Bella’s eyes were cold. “But you gave my family bad business, so don’t blame me for going after you. I’ve always been the type to reward those who are loyal to me. Nothing good ever happens to those
who go against me.” 
Fear washed over Henry as he shuddered. 
Bella’s presence made his hair stand 
“I know you want to make sense of the whole thing, so I’ll tell you. 
Xena was never in love with you. She only used you because you work for KS Group.” 
“Shut up! Shut up! Don’t try to tear us apart!” 
With Bella’s words getting to him, Henry screamed like an animal. “I did everything to help with Xena’s revenge plan! Don’t try to throw mud on her! Don’t try to frame her!” 
Bella looked at him indifferently and ordered Steven to turn on the TV. 
Lewd photos appeared on the screen. 
Those were lewd photos of the director of “Headlines” and Xena, who was Henry’s alleged girlfriend. 
Steven was shocked. 
Although he had looked into Xena, that was not the information he provided to Bella. 
“That can’t be true. It isn’t! Those photos must be edited. They are not real!” 
Henry hugged his head in agony as he stared at the woman smiling coyly in a middle-aged bespectacled man’s arms. The fact that she was not forced into it broke Henry’s heart. 
Bella remained composed. The photos left little to the imagination. compared to Rosalind’s.
Gagging at the photos, Steven looked away. 
“Their hotel stays date back to a year ago. If you don’t believe me, I can show you videos of their dates. Care to watch?” 
“No!” 
Henry cried in pain and fell to the ground with a thud. 
“W-Where did you get these, Ms. Bella?” Steven whispered in her ear. 
Bella kept a blank face. “I’ll tell you later.” 
“Why… Why did she do this to me…” As tears streamed down his face Henry simply could not get over it. 
“The information you provided her helped with her revenge, and she could get a little something out of it too.” Steven looked askance at Henry. 
“A little something?” 
“You were used by Xena. Someone else bribed her to do it too.”
###chapter420
Tilting her head, Bella propped her arm against her cheek and said with a smile, “How else did you think she was able to befriend you so quickly? She somehow knew the loophole in the contract. Do you think she will be able to plan that without anybody’s help?” 
Henry burst into tears, feeling sorry for himself. 
He did not regret ruining his career. He hated himself for thinking Xena was the one when she had played him all the while. 
“Ms. Thompson… I’ll tell you everything I know.” 
Faced with Bella’s relentless questioning, Henry spilled the beans on Xena’s instructions to steal the trade secrets. 
Steven took notes on the side. 
Henry was taken into custody, but his arrest was not mad 
As the secretary and legal consultant of KS World Hotel, Steve charges against Henry for stealing trade secrets. 
With the pawn apprehended, it was time to handle the larger net behind the operation. 
Bella looked at her neat desk and sighed. “He’s a thief with manners. should thank him for tidying up my desk after looking around.” 
Steven replied, “Ms. Bella, you have not told me- 
“I got the photos from Justin.”
Steven stared at her calm face in surprise. “Justin gave them to you? He is KS Group’s competitor. Why would he do that?” 
“Maybe he’s mad that Shannon and Bethany have taken away his project. He just wants to get back at Bethany through me.” 
Bella’s mind wandered back to the night Justin dried her hair, and her heart fluttered. She sneered. “I’d rather believe that ghosts exist than believe this man wants the best for me. He sent me an anonymous email so as not to expose himself. Pft! Did he think I wouldn’t know it was him by going anonymous?” 
She was not called the “Hacking Princess” for nothing. 
“Now that we have taken care of the mole on the team, how are you planning to deal with Xena Gordon?” 
Steven looked worried. “Even with Henry’s testimony, we can’t file a charge against Xena without concrete proof.” 
“I’m not filing a charge against her since the law is used agai criminals, not bitches.” 
Bella narrowed her eyes dangerously at the naked couple on the screen. “Send these photos to the director’s wife.” 
“As far as I know, his wife is a black belt in taekwondo, Ms. Bella. Steven appeared intrigued. 
“Well, it’s time to work those muscles. She’s got a free partner to spar with now.” 
Bella reached into Steven’s pocket to fish for more chocolate. “I sorted her father out, so I’ll leave someone else to deal with her. 
Otherwise, I would be the evil capitalist in soap operas.”
Steven put his hand over his pocket, pinning her naughty hand down. against the fabric. “Don’t eat too many sweets, Ms. Bella. You might get a toothache 
That night, Justin was not in a hurry to head back to Tideview Manor after work. He sat behind his desk in the office, waiting for an update from lan. 
Finally, lan returned in joy. 
“Mr. Salvaor, the young madam has caught the mole in her company. He has been taken into custody.” 
“I see,” Justin responded, feeling at ease at last. 
“I wonder if the young madam was able to use the stuff you sent her.” 
“It’s okay if the information wasn’t of use to her.” 
He hid his emotions behind his eyes at the thought of the cheeky girl. “I only provided her with something that was nice to have. 
“I believe she can handle things on her own even without my intel.” 
He had always underestimated his ex-wife. 
Justin once thought that Bella was a boring and ignorant housewife who could do nothing but cook. 
He now realizes how blind and foolish he was before.
###chapter421
It was a past Justin could not bear to look back on. 
With his internal phone ringing. Justin took the call via loudspeaker What is it?” 
“Mr. Salvador, Ms. Thompson’s secretary wants to see you. He doesn’t have an appointment. Should I tell him to go?” 
lan rolled his eyes upon learning Steven was here. They were sworn enemies. 
“Tell him to come in,” Justin said aloofly.. 
It was a challenge to score a meeting with the president of Salvador Corporation. 
However, Steven was one of Bella’s employees, so Justin was happy. to give him the green light. 
Minutes later, Steven stepped foot in the office with a stern look. 
“Ms. Bella asked me to hand you this, Mr. Salvador.” 
While talking, Steven put a white box down on Justin’s desk. 
“What is it?” The man stared at the box without looking up. 
“A bomb,” Steven replied coldly. 
Justin pursed his lips. 
“Hey, do you think you’re funny?”
lan could not stand Bella’s lapdog. He said angrily, “If it was a bomb, you wouldn’t have gotten past Salvador Corporation’s security.” 
Steven’s words dripped with sarcasm. “Why bother asking then, Mr. 
Salvador? It’s nothing dangerous. Just accept the gift from Ms. Bella.” 
lan gritted his teeth and kept his thoughts to himself. ‘His decent clothes can’t cover the stank of his mouth.” 
With pursed lips, Justin opened the box curiously. 
It was nothing dangerous, of course. There was a cream cake in the shape of a dog, and it was oddly adorable. 
He curled his lips. 
“Did Bella make this?” Glee hid behind his composed eyes. 
“Ha! Dream on. Ms. Bella instructed me to buy the cake for you.” 
Steven said tauntingly with a smile, “Do you think you deserve to enjoy Ms. Bella’s cooking?” 
Justin was speechless. His jawline was tense. 
“What’s that supposed to mean anyway? Ms. Thompson has cooked. for Mr. Salvador before. If Mr. Salvador didn’t deserve it, why would she endure it for three years?” lan snapped back. 
Steven looked at Justin in disdain. “Anna Brown would even feed dogs, but Ms. Bella won’t.” 
Livid, lan was ready to pull a punch. “Take that back!”
“Enough, lan.” 
Justin stopped him and asked solemnly, “Why did Bella give this to me?” 
“Ms. Bella sent me to tell you that she has received the stuff that you delivered anonymously. This is her returning the favor.” 
Justin was dumbfounded. ‘So she knew? That was quick.” 
“She’s sending you a reminder not to treat her like a fool. She is intelligent and needs no dogged advice.” 
Without saying goodbye, Steven turned and walked out of the office. 
“Dogged advice? I hope she’s not talking about you.” 
There was no need for lan to say it out loud. 
As Justin grew grimacing, lan turned pale and backed up to the corner helplessly.
###chapter422
As night fell in a hotel room, Xena had sacrificed her body for the sake of her career time and again, hoping to secure the position as chief of the news department. 
The door to the room burst open. 
“Ah!” 
Xena shrieked and rolled off the old man to hide under the sheets. 
Timothy, the director of “Headlines”, got out of bed in a fluster to put some clothes on. He was stunned with fear the moment he looked up. 
“H-Honey?” 
“So she’s the whore, Timothy?” 
Timothy’s wife, Stacey, stared scornfully at Xena. Standing tall at 1.75 meters, Stacey was more burly than ordinary women. 
She took her jacket off and showed Xena her muscular arms. “Hmph! 
I thought you would pick a pretty girl. What do you find attractive. about her?” 
Stacey then bolted over and pulled Xena out of the covers by her hair. 
She slapped Xena multiple times until she bled. 
It felt great for Stacey to take her anger out on Xena. 
“Ah! Timothy! Help me! Save me!” Xena cried in pain.
Timothy did not want to get involved in the fight. Instead, he shivered in a corner: 
Stacey’s assistant entered the room with two buff men. 
“Come one, come all. Look at the woman who was shameless enough to seduce my boss’ husband! My boss caught them in the act. Don’t miss it.” 
The assistant raised her phone to take photos of the couple and live- streamed the whole thing. 
Timothy and Xena were dumbfounded. 
“Kneel now, Timothy!” 
Stacey yelled angrily, and Timothy obeyed her order right away. 
“Your investment went wrong because of your bad decision back. then. My family provided you with the funds to rebuild your career that you now enjoy.” 
Stacey grimaced resentfully and kicked her husband in the face. The comments were rolling on the livestream as the public cheered her on. 
“Now that you’re successful, you cheat on me with another woman. You’re nothing without me.” 
“I’m nothing. I am nothing…” Timothy criticized himself, dropping the ego he had as a superior. 
Xena covered her face and kneeled before Stacey in tears. She had no idea how her relationship with her boss got out. 
They had been secretly dating for nearly two years. Why were they suddenly caught now? 
The two bodyguards took turns beating Timothy up while Stacey had a go at Xena. Xena lost one of her front teeth.
Of course, the assistant was sensible enough to turn off the live stream when that happened. 
In the end, Timothy, beaten black and blue, was escorted out of the room without time to get dressed. 
Xena curled up in a corner, her face filled with bleeding scratches and her hair a draping mess. She was on the verge of an emotional breakdown. 
“Are you confused about how I found out about you and Tim, whore?” 
Stacey looked down on her in contempt. “Hmph! You had it coming. Think about what you did and who you crossed.” She spat at Xena before storming off. 
Silence befell the room. 
Xena trembled as she tried to remember what she had been up to and who she had crossed lately. 
A name suddenly came to mind. 
“Bella Thompson… Was it Bella?!” 
Her phone on the bedside table vibrated a couple of times and stopped. 
Xena crawled to grab her phone. She tapped on the new email. It was a voice recording. 
After a brief hesitation, she tapped on the file to listen. 
It was Henry’s confession about how she seduced and egged him to steal the KS World Hotel’s wedding planning proposal. 
Clang!
###chapter423
Xena dropped her phone. 
Feeling weak in the knees, she sank to the ground. Her world had just crumbled. 
Late at night, Bethany took a lovely bath and went through her skincare routine in front of her dressing table. 
Ever since Ryan gave her an ultimatum, Bethany could not shake off the apprehension. Heck, she could not even sleep well at night. 
She thought, ‘What was good about the idiot anyway? Why did Bella stand up for Carrie? Why did Ryan have her back?’ 
“That fake bitch,” Bethany muttered. 
Bethany grabbed a lipstick and scribbled Carrie’s name on the mirror before crossing it out furiously. “I don’t have time for you now. Just you wait. Once I become the general manager of the Salvador Hotel-” 
Her phone rang. 
Seeing that it was Zoe, Bethany scowled in disdain and put on a fake smile. “Oh, Zoe. What’s up? Why are you calling at this hour?” 
“Shit has hit the fan!” 
Zoe sounded serious as she spoke in hushed tones. “I just received word that Bella caught the mole on the planning team. The police. have taken him into custody.” 
“What? How did that happen?”
Bethany cried, feeling uneasy. “Uh… What about Xena?” 
“Don’t you know Xena and her boss were caught in bed on a livestream tonight? The guy’s wife caught him in the act and made. them viral online. They didn’t even have time to get dressed. Talk about embarrassment.” 
Bethany’s mind went blank. 
Her world shattered in the span of a bath. 
“Delete all your communications with Xena before the police track you down,” Zoe said glumly. 
“G-Got it.” 
Another call came in, and it was from Bethany’s secretary. 
“Hang on, Zoe. I need to take this call.” 
She put Zoe on hold to take the call from her secretary. “What’s the situation with Xena?” 
“It’s bad, Ms. Bethany.” 
The secretary responded anxiously, “Ms. Gordon was in a car crash. near Cielrio Road. She’s unresponsive and fighting for her life as we speak.” 
“Fuck. That’s good news.” Bethany rejoiced over the news. 
“Huh?” The secretary was confused, 
“Bella caught the mole, so it’s only a matter of time before she traces it back to Xena and us. Xena’s accident couldn’t have come at a better time. That was a close call.”
Bethany’s eyes flickered dangerously. “Hmph! The woman has done her part by ruining Bella’s partnership with Ada, so it’s time for her curtain call. She should rest at the hospital and stay out of trouble.” 
Bella found out about Xena’s car accident right away. 
She was picking out wine from the wine cellar Asher had built for her. She planned to enjoy a nice wine before bed. 
“I heard that Xena got into an accident because she spaced out. I guess the livestream of her sleeping with the boss did a number on her.” Steven held the ladder steady for Bella. 
“Well, she did it to herself. She’s a beautiful woman. Why did she sell herself out?” Bella was aloof about the matter. 
“Stacey didn’t hold back, for sure.” Steven clicked his tongue. 
“I guess it sends a message out to all the other women out there n to get involved with a married man.” 
Bella’s marriage lay in ruins when Rosalind took her husband. 
Although Justin felt nothing for Bella in the three years of marriage, there was no reason for Rosalind to trample on Bella’s dignity and come in between the husband and wife. 
“Now that the minor players are down, should we focus on the headliner, Ms. Bella?” Steven looked deep into her eyes.
###chapter424
“Decant the bottle of Lafite, Steve.” Furrowing her brows, Bella turned away with her phone. 
Steven felt sad because he knew Bella wanted him to give her space. 
“I know what you’re thinking, Steve. I hate Justin due to our failed marriage, but we’re not enemies.” 
With a smile, Bella patted his shoulder understandingly. “I’m bound to run into him if I want to set up base in Savrow and expand KS Group. I’m just trying to be adaptable.” 
“But Ms. Bella-” 
“What’s there to fear? Are you scared that he’s going to take advantage of me? Drew will take him out before Ash has a chance to if he tries anything.” Bella scoffed offhandedly. 
Steven thought, ‘No, that’s not it. I love and honor you with all my heart. I’m not scared to put my life on the line for you. The only thing I fear is that you’ll fall in love with Justin again. I can’t bear to see you go down that road again.” 
He sighed in dejection and left with the red wine in hand. 
The phone in Bella’s palm vibrated persistently, which was very much like Justin’s stubbornness. 
“What can I do for you, Mr. Salvador?” Bella took the call, her voice aloof as always. 
“Thank you for your cake. It was delicious.” 
Bella’s breath became shallow, and her lashes cast a shadow below her eyes. 
The night was silent.
Justin’s husky voice was alluring. 
In the past, she had enjoyed calling him on the phone to hear his voice. Despite his indifference, she would roll around in bed excitedly. 
Yet now, she felt nothing. 
She prided herself on having great discipline and being able to kick any addiction, including love. 
“You’re welcome. I hope the cake serves as a good reminder to you to keep your advice to yourself and mind your own business.” Bella took a deep breath, her eyes chilling. 
“I don’t think I was interfering.” 
Justin sounded solemn. “Your business is my business too.” 
Bella jeered. “I guess you can say that. You need me to take Bethany down a notch. If Bethany succeeds and becomes the general manager of the Salvador Hotel, your stepmother might be at it again, and you could find yourself in a predicament.” 
Justin scowled. 
Before, when Bella was still “Anna Brown”, she had put him before anything else, tending to him with great care. 
Now, Bella hurt him with cutting remarks and only talked about plots and strategies.. 
However, he could not forget and move on from the woman who made his heart bleed. 
It did not cost him anything to put his ego aside.
“Bella, do you think I care about Shannon and Bethany? They can’t start anything on my watch. Else, I wouldn’t have been president for many years.” 
Justin paused for a moment, clearly with more on his mind, but he hesitated. 
Bella clenched her fists, her knuckles popping. “I’d suggest you stay. out of my business, Justin. From an ex to an ex, this is my last advice to you. I can be ruthless when I get angry. Things might get messy, and innocents could get involved. You have been warned about getting caught in the crossfire, okay?” 
“Don’t let anything stop you from doing what you want to. 
Justin’s voice danced around her ear. “I can’t help you much, but one will stand against you with me at the helm of Salvador Corporation.”
###chapter425
Bella furrowed her brows. It felt like she chewed on a sugar-coated lie, and the sweetly cloaked monstrosity was just awful to swallow. 
The air had gone quiet. 
The pair said nothing. 
Moments later, Justin cleared his throat and ended the conversation abruptly. “I guess that is all. Goodnight.” 
“Hey, you-” 
The call ended before Bella could finish talking. 
“What the hell was that?” Bella stared at the dimmed screen in a daze and shook her head. 
Meanwhile, Justin realized after the call that his palms were clamming, his throat was dry, and his heart was thumping out of his chest. 
Closing his eyes, he drew a deep breath and murmured, “The ones who walk away aren’t here to stay, but the ones who mess with my head? Heck, that’s a whole ‘nother set of worries.” 
Xena fell into a coma after the horrible car crash. 
Bethany learned from the doctor that the chances of Xena ever regaining consciousness were slim to none. 
God was on her side.
Otherwise, Bethany would have trouble covering her tracks for bribing Xena to get details on the KS World Hotel’s contract. 
Even with that taken care of, Bethany did not make any progress with Ada. 
Ada made it clear that she would not sign with the Salvador Hotel unless Justin was involved. Besides, Ada’s team had been looking at other hotels, so she was not limiting her choice to the Salvador Hotel and KS World. 
That afternoon, Bethany went to the Hoffmans’ residence. 
In contrast to Bethany’s anxiety, Zoe remained composed. With a steaming cup in hand, she settled in for a relaxing afternoon tea. 
“What’s your plan for sealing the deal with Ada?” 
“The woman demanded Salvador Corporation and KS Group sear for the finest gem before. Justin has been trying to seek help fro Alexa, but he didn’t manage to secure one of her pieces despite hi trip abroad.” 
Zoe’s eyes flickered. 
“For that reason, Bella managed to win Ada over with a brooch during the welcoming party.” 
Bethany stamped her foot. “Damn it, I’m fuming just thinking about it. If only I owned one of Alexa’s jewelry pieces. That would save me all the trouble. 
“You do. What makes you think you don’t own one?” Zoe made an 
Intriguing comment.
Bethany was stunned. “What do you mean, Zoe? Did you manage to get your hands on Alexa’s jewelry pieces?” 
“As far as I know, Alexa stays out of the limelight. She never showed her face in public before, so no one knew whether she was alive. No. one had actually seen her masterpiece before. 
“Why don’t you get a copy and give one to Ada?” Zoe spoke nonchalantly. 
“What? You expect me to give Ada a knockoff?” 
Bethany’s eyes widened in surprise. “I would be disgraced when found out.” 
“Tsk. How would you be discovered? It’s hard to determine the authenticity of a painting at an auction, much less a gemstone. No one could tell it was a fake except Alexa.” 
Zoe leaned forward and whispered, “Besides, I knew a jewelry designer when I was studying in Inalia. You might not believe it, but he was an apprentice to Alexa. I can get him to copy one of Alexa’s pieces for you so that you have something for Ada. I’m sure the woman would be glad to collaborate with you after that.” 
Bethany was skeptical. 
Nevertheless, she did not have much time left. At this point, she had to throw the dice and fake it until she made it.
###chapter426
With Celeste’s birthday around the corner, Bella dove into her white- collar job during the day and locked herself in the room at night to make a birthday gift for Celeste. 
She crafted a ring made of 18K gold, aquamarine, and diamonds. 
The craftsmanship was not too complex for a top-notch jewelry designer like her, but the aquamarine was huge and high in purity. It was exceptional in quality, and the value rivaled the most precious stones. 
Bella never scrimped on gifts for family. She dedicated a lot of time and effort to gifting. 
In the past, Justin had been a recipient of her gifts. 
However, the man had never given a shit about her kind gestures. 
Her phone on the table showed a video call request. Sliva, the chief of her jewelry studio, was calling. 
“You must have an emergency if you’re calling at this hour,” Bella said while grinding the gemstone. 
“Do you remember Tyler, Alexa?” Sliva asked. 
“I do. He was my apprentice for three years and started afresh elsewhere. He’s a talented young man with an eye for craftsmanship. What’s up?” 
“Someone contacted him two days ago, requesting that he imitate your jewelry piece. Ha! Isn’t that infuriating? You can expect knockoffs of your work everywhere if you get yourself out in the market.” 
Bella did not mind it at all. Without stopping the task at hand, Bella said cheerfully, “It’s nothing to be angry about. I’m amazing. When people can’t acquire my pieces, they have to buy fakes for vanity’s
sake.” 
“Tyler couldn’t get in touch with you, so he came to me. He doesn’t want to accept the job. It’s not like he dares to, either. Counterfeits are an insult to the designer. He will be insulting you by copying your work.” 
Sliva burned with injustice for Bella. 
Bella was curious. “Just a question. Who asked him to forge my work? It must take a lot of resources and connections to find out that he was my apprentice.” 
“I don’t know how Tyler met the person. He said that the girl was an heiress from Savrow. I believe she’s a Hoffman.” 
Bella was speechless. 
“That reminds me. She’s also a student of Christian, the famous pianist.” 
Bella blinked wittily. 
Oh, so that was what happened. 
Since Bethany and Zoe were asking for it, Bella did not mind giving it to them. 
“Sliva, tell Tyler that I want him to accept the order from Ms. Hoffman.” Bella’s eyes glistened with cheekiness. 
“Huh? Why?” Sliva was confused. 
“He better take the job and make it look like my work. Don’t embarrass me.” 
Five days later, Justin received news the moment he got off of a corporate meeting.
Ada, who had not budged so far, just said yes. 
“What’s going on?” Hiding his emotions behind his eyes, Justin stood behind a window. His presence was intimidating. 
lan said anxiously, “I received word that Ms. Bethany acquired an Alexa-designed jewelry piece and gave it to Ada. That’s the thing that sealed the deal.” 
Justin glanced indifferently at him. “Ha. It must be a fake.” 
“Um… I don’t know about that, but Ada is a jewelry collector. She should be able to determine the authenticity.” 
lan’s face fell. “Sigh. If Ms. Bethany and Ada put the agreement in writing, the Salvador Hotel will belong to that old witch and Bethany! They are probably going to drain all the resources out of the hotel.” 
“Bella should know about this by now,” Justin murmured under his breath, his eyes downcast. 
Now that Bethany had the deal in the bag, Justin would find himself in a storm of power struggles and trouble more than Bella. 
Still, Bella’s situation consumed Justin, while his own troubles were the least of his worries. 
lan sighed. “I have not heard much from the young madam in the last few days. She might have given up.” 
“Given up? That’s impossible.” 
Justin’s eyes were half closed as restlessness washed over him.
Others might have given up by now, but Bella is not a quitter. She’s probably lying low. I’m sure she has a plan up her sleeve.” 
Bethany had nothing on his witty wife. 
Correction. It should be his ex-wife now. 
Somehow, Justin felt his chest ache.
###chapter427
That night, the Salvadors gathered for once and headed to Crescent 
Bay to have their monthly dinner with Nigel. 
They seemed like one big family. Even Bethany poured Carrie a drink. and urged her to eat for a change. It was as if they were close sisters. 
Carrie sat next to Justin, burying her head in her food without joining in the conversation. 
Although Carrie was not social, she had her pride. 
She did not accept the drink from Bethany or respond to her. 
“Dad, Shannon and I have been talking, and we have come to a decision, so we wanted to share with you and get your take on the matter.” Gregory sat upright, displaying excellent table manners as expected of a gentleman. 
“If you have already made up your mind, why bother telling me? 
Nigel kept his attention on his food “Can’t your wife sort it out? She has always been your advisor, and that’s how you have gotten by over the years.” 
Shannon forced a smile as malice alighted in her eyes. 
Every month, Shannon dreaded the day she was to have dinner with the old man, who was filled with cynical comments. She would always lose sleep the night before. 
She counted the days until the old man would meet his fate.
Gregory cleared his throat with a frown and clutched Shannon’s hand under the table. “Bethany is at the right age to marry. I think we should think about her marriage.” 
Bethany pursed her lips, her cheeks rosy. 
“Marriage?” 
Nigel put down his cutlery and furrowed his brows. “Bethany is only 25. She’s too young to consider marriage. I want my granddaughters. to spend more time with me for another two years before they get married. What’s the rush anyway?” 
Gregory was speechless. 
“Besides, our princesses aren’t short of suitors. I’m sure men will be all over them even when they are still single at 52.” 
Suddenly, Nigel looked at Gregory skeptically. “Don’t tell me that the company is in financial trouble, and you need to procure help for the business through a marriage alliance.” 
“Don’t get the wrong idea, Dad. The company is fine.” Shannon stood up for her husband with a fake smile. 
“Let me make this clear, Gregory. I forbid you from selling your daughter to satisfy your vanity. I don’t care if Salvador Corporation loses its funds tomorrow or is about to go bankrupt, but the girls can’t marry for business. Do you hear me?” 
“Oh, Grandpa. You have a wild imagination.” 
Bethany held Nigel’s arm and swung it coyly. “Mom and Dad have my best interests at heart. It has nothing to do with business. I feel that I’m ready for marriage.”
“Are you ready for marriage, Bethany?” Nigel was taken aback. Bethany nodded shyly. 
The girls were growing up so fast. 
“You got the wrong idea, Dad. We didn’t force Bethany. Bethany wants to settle down because she has her eye on a man.” Shannon looked at her daughter gleefully. 
Nigel replied, “Oh? And who is the guy?” 
“You know who he is.” 
Gregory added with a smile, “It’s Ryan, Dad.” 
Justin chewed slowly. Except for a storm behind his eyes, he showed. no emotion. 
“Ryan? As in Ryan Hoffman?” With his eyes bulging, Nigel had to be sure. 
Shannon responded, “That’s right. It’s Ryan Hoffman.” 
Clang. 
A noise caught everybody’s attention. 
Distracted, Carrie dropped her cutlery. 
The behavior was seen as rude in such a privileged and etiquette- following family as the Salvadors. 
“I-I’m sorry.” 
White in the face, Carrie tried to pick up the cutlery in a fluster, but Justin bent over and grabbed it for her.
“Don’t worry about it. Just get a new set.” Justin smiled tenderly at Carrie to ease her embarrassment. 
“T-Thank you, Justin,” Carrie whispered, hanging her head low. 
Bethany narrowed her eyes dangerously at Carrie with a smirk.
###chapter428
“Carrie, how can you drop your cutlery at dinner with Grandpa? Where are your manners?” Shannon lectured Carrie with a long face. 
“That’s enough. It’s just cutlery. Must you yell at the child?” 
Nigel had a problem with Shannon because Carrie was his precious granddaughter. 
Shannon gripped her fingers under the table. She could be blamed for breathing in the presence of the old man. 
“Grandpa, Dad, Mom, I’m finished with dinner.” 
With her cheeks burning in shame, Carrie kept her head down and bit her lips as she left the dinner table in a hurry. 
Justin stared in contemplation at his sister’s receding figure while falling into thought. 
Bethany was delighted to get even with Carrie. 
‘You should stay an invisible dummy, Carrie. You didn’t have to endure the humiliation. But that’s what you get for trying to get with my man. Open your eyes and see who is Mom’s and Dad’s favorite and who deserves to stand next to Ryan!’ 
“Why Ryan?” 
Nigel blinked and asked in bewilderment, “I thought Ryan was into Anna.” 
Gregory, Shannon, and Bethany made a face.
They were speechless. 
Justin was taking a sip of his drink when his grandfather’s remark made him choke. 
The man clutched the glass, his face grimacing. 
“Why would Ryan be interested in Bella, Grandpa ?” Bethany turned flushed with rage. 
“Doesn’t he like Anna? I might be 80, but I can read the room. Ryan. was all over Anna at my birthday celebration. He couldn’t stay away from Anna. I’m sure he’s the type to be loyal to his wife.” 
While talking, Nigel side-eyed Justin, who scowled. “Since Ryan was interested, I thought about setting Anna and him up since the Hoffmans are in the same social class as Anna’s family. Most importantly, Ryan is good to Anna. He cares about her wholeheartedly. I’m sure he can give Anna a better life if they end up together.” 
‘A better life? As if Ryan and Bella would have a better life together.” 
Justin thought, his fingers clenched so hard that he could crush the glass he was holding. 
Nigel never mentioned Justin’s name, but Justin could tell that the comments were directed at him. 
Ryan played the field and experienced his first intimacy at the age of 16. He could not even keep his pants on, yet Nigel had the nerve to set Ryan and Bella up together. Talk about reading the room. 
Justin had nothing to say. 
“Am I your granddaughter, or is Bella your granddaughter, Grandpa?” 
Bethany was so angry she could cry. “Ryan loves me, not her. You should be paying attention to me. Why would you pair Ryan with her?”
“You like Ryan, but are the feelings mutual on his part?” Nigel looked at her seriously and asked. 
“I… I…” Bethany was at a loss for words. 
“I saw how Ryan acted around you at the birthday celebration. You didn’t even say a word to each other. Ryan didn’t even look at you.” 
Consumed by rage and embarrassment, Bethany gritted her teeth. 
However, Nigel was right. She could not refute the truth. 
“We don’t need our girls to marry for business, but they can’t be throwing themselves at men. You can’t force things to happen, or they might turn out badly.” 
Nigel was not optimistic about the marriage. He shook his head. ” Besides, you and Ryan are two very different people. Ryan is hot- tempered. I can imagine the heated arguments when you marry him.” 
“Grandpa!” Bethany teared up. 
“What do you expect Bethany to answer, Dad? She’s a girl. Have some consideration for her feelings.” 
Coming to his daughter’s rescue, Gregory said with a smile, “Ryan feels something for Bethany. I know that because he came to the house the other day to have a word with Bethany. Shannon and I were home, so we saw him.” 
As Bethany’s mind wandered back to what Ryan said, her heart sank. 
She knew that Ryan could not stand her, but so what? 
Bethany believed she could marry Ryan once she got her whole family in on it. With time, Ryan was bound to fall in love with her and be captivated by her charm.
###chapter429
“Oh? Really?” Nigel stroked his chin. 
“Yes.” 
Shannon took to Bethany’s defense. “A gentleman like Ryan wouldn’t visit a lady at her house without reason. He must have felt something for Bethany since he went to her. Things might have been different then, but they have changed now. Besides, you might be meaning to set Ms. Thompson and Ryan up, but the last I checked, Ms. Thompson has moved on with another man.” 
Justin shot a chilling look at Shannon. 
With his lips pressed together, he swallowed hard as if to stop his brewing emotions. 
Surprised, Nigel asked, “Anna has a boyfriend? Who?” 
“The youngest son of Iverson Group’s chairman. His name is Christopher Iverson,” Shannon replied. 
She got her intel from Rosalind. 
Bethany later mentioned that Bella kept in touch with Christopher. 
Shannon did not care whether it was true, but her priority was to stop. the old man from playing matchmaker. 
“Bella and Christopher aren’t together.” 
Unable to take it anymore, Justin slammed the glass on the table with a thud. He looked menacing.
“I heard that they had been on a date more than once. They would take a stroll at the rose garden and visit the music theater-” 
“I said, they are not together.” 
His rage-fueled gaze fixated on Shannon. “I hope you don’t spread rumors before verifying the information. 
“Bella is a lady, the heiress of KS Group, and the general manager of the KS World Hotel. Your unfounded theory can damage her reputation.” 
Left without a comeback, Shannon contorted her face with fury, 
“Justin! Is that how you talk to your elders? What do you-” 
Before Gregroy could finish, Justin rose to his feet aggressively. “I’m finished with dinner. Enjoy your food.”. 
Nigel narrowed his eyes as Justin stormed off. 
Annoyed, Justin loosened his tie and wandered off to the garden get some fresh air. 
He had been on pins and needles ever since Nigel talked about setting Ryan and Bella up. 
Justin could barely breathe when Shannon said Bella was with 
Christopher. At that rate, the suffocation would have taken Justin first. 
Furrowing his brows, Justin fished out a pack of cigarettes from his pocket and gripped one between his lips.
Anxiety and anger washed over Justin as reality began to set in. He pulled out his phone and gave Ryan a call. 
“To what do I owe this call, Justin?” 
Ryan sounded listless and pouty. “You haven’t visited me since I had food poisoning. Gasp! Don’t tell me you have another man.” 
“I got news for you.” 
Justin drew a deep breath. “Gregory and Shannon intend to marry Bethany to you.” 
On the other end of the line, Ryan jolted up and ran his mouth. “What the hell?! You can keep the drama in your family. Why did you have to get me involved? As if the drama isn’t big enough.” 
Justin narrowed his eyes. “Do you care who you marry? Didn’t you say that it doesn’t matter who you marry? She’s just going to be eye candy.” 
“Yes, I said that, but-” 
“What’s wrong with marrying Bethany? She likes you, and you won’t go wrong by strengthening your business alliance with the Salvador Corporation through marriage.” 
“I mean, you know the type of person Bethany is, bro. Don’t try to play Cupid and throw me to my misery.” 
“Well, misery loves company. She can’t outsmart you anyway.” Justin took a puff of the cigarette. 
Ryan did not deserve Bella.. 
Christopher was out of the question too.
Justin gnashed his teeth in resentment. 
He longed to constantly be with Bella, shielding her from all potential rivals.
###chapter430
The fake Alexa jewelry necklace Bethany acquired from Zoe worked wonders. 
Bethany braced herself, apprehensive about being discovered when presenting the necklace to Ada as a gift. 
Nevertheless, Bethany had figured out a backup plan if she were discovered. She could save her ass by saying that she was scammed by a friend because of her limited knowledge of jewelry. 
Alexa’s apprentice must have fine-tuned his craftsmanship because Ada did not suspect that the necklace was a copy. Ada happily wore the necklace right away, reluctant to take it off. 
In the end, Ada signed the contract with Bethany. 
That was not the only thing. With Shannon putting in the good word about Bethany, Gregory finally pulled her to the core of the business and promoted her to higher management. She could join the meeting with the senior executives at last. 
That night, Shannon and Bethany enjoyed a celebratory drink on the balcony. 
“Your dad will hand over the management of the hotel to you after Ada’s wedding. Make an impactful first impression, my dear. In time, you will be on the board of directors, and that’s when you and I will get rid of Justin.” 
Shannon held her daughter, her eyes sparkling as if bearing glimmering hope. “I can’t count on your sister, but my future is in your Granter 19 hands.” 
“Don’t worry, Mom. Once I make it to the top, I will seize control from Justin. The Salvador Group will be ours.”
Beaming with pride, Bethany clinked glasses with Shannon. 
The butler’s voice came from the door. 
“Madam Shannon, Ms. Bethany, we have received an invitation.” 
The mother and daughter exchanged glances before walking out of the balcony. 
Bethany asked, “Who is the invitation from?” 
“A Mr. Lovett, the secretary of KS World Hotel’s general manager.” 
KS World Hotel? Was the invitation from Bella? 
“Got it. You’re dismissed.” Shannon took the invitation card and closed the door. 
She opened the envelope and pulled out two invites to a charity. jewelry auction. 
Shannon pursed her lips, her expression obscure. 
“Mom, we haven’t heard anything from Bella in a while. Why did she drop these invites out of the blue? Can it be a trap?” Bethany asked worriedly. 
“Ha. We have nothing to be afraid of. Ada has signed the contract. with you, and there’s nothing she can do about it.” 
Coincidentally, the TV broadcasted the evening news, and one of the headlines was about the charity jewelry auction. 
“The organizer of the event is Mint, Mom!”
Bethany exclaimed, with her finger pointing at the TV. “That’s the iconic fashion magazine. It’s the dream of many celebrities to grace. the cover of the magazine. I can’t believe Bella is co-organizing the charity with Mint. That’s unexpected. It’s said on the news that Ada is among the celebrities to attend.” 
Bethany assumed that KS World would hit rock bottom after losing Ada, but Bella managed to secure a partnership with Mint. She got her hands on everything. 
Jealousy drove Bethany to clench her fist, digging her nails into her palms. 
“Hmph. She might be hosting a huge event, but she lost. It’s just. damage control now.” 
Shannon gritted her teeth. “We will appear unladylike if we decline the invitation. Nothing is stopping me from going. She doesn’t scare me. 
“We can also keep an eye on her, in case she tries something with Ada and ruins things for us.” 
Bella enjoyed a nice chat with the editor-in-chief of Mint magazine. 
She carried on the conversation in a foreign language with ease. 
She changed into tight athletic wear to go kayaking at the back of the villa when Asher dropped by for a visit. 
“Ash!” 
Bella rushed downstairs excitedly and jumped into Asher’s arms. 
The sturdy man wrapped his arms around her. Bella’s fitted outfit hugged her curves, her voluptuous form pressing close to his. There was something sensual about her.
###chapter431
Asher frowned. “It’s late. Are you going to exercise?” 
“Yeah, Ash. I’m in a good mood, so I thought I should go kayaking around the back.” Bella looked up at him cheerfully. 
“It’s dark out. What if you fall into the river? You’re not a strong. swimmer.” 
Asher pinched her waist. “Don’t you know it’s nearly sub-zero outside? You’ll freeze in that outfit of yours.” 
He turned to Steven. “Bella doesn’t have anyone else but you. Why can’t you do a better job watching over her?” 
“I’m sorry, Mr. Asher. It was my negligence.” Steven apologized. 
“Enough, Ash. Don’t blame Steve. He reminded me, but I wouldn’t listen to him.” 
The siblings sat on the sofa, hand-in-hand. Bella rested her head on her brother’s wide shoulder. “The editor-in-chief of Mint called me and worked out the details of the events. Thank you, Ash, for bringing in such a high-value resource. I love Mint. I’ve read the magazine. growing up. That’s my inspiration to get into fashion design.” 
The editor-in-chief of Mint, Alice, was a living, breathing prominent figure, like in the Devil Wears Prada movie. It was clear that the woman was highly influential in the industry when a frown at a fashion show could be detrimental to a brand name. 
Yet, the figure personally gave Bella a call.
Only God knew how nervous Bella was, despite speaking eloquently on the phone. 
“All that matters is that you’re happy, Bella.” 
With a tender smile, Asher grazed the tip of her nose with his finger. ” was afraid you might be frustrated because the Salvador Corporation stole Ada from you. I know you like to keep busy, so I gave you something to do. 
“You won’t have a lot on your mind when you’re busy.” 
“Tsk. I’m not that fragile. I’ve been eating and sleeping well. That incident didn’t leave a scratch on me.” Bella pouted, her voice soft and sweet. 
Steven bit his lip to slow down his racing heart. He fixated on Bella’s sweet smile. 
Bella would only show her adorably spoiled side when she was with Asher. 
Steven did not want to look away now that an opportunity had presented itself. 
“Eating and sleeping well? Your eye bags look heavy to me.” Asher sighed and ran his coarse fingers along the delicate skin under her eyes. 
“It’s all that Oh, that reminds me, Ash. How did you know Alice? You must be close because she has the confidence to leave the event in my hands.” 
Bella’s eyes sparkled with curiosity. “Mint has never held a charity event in Savrow,” 
“I’m not close with Alice.” Asher looked indifferent. 
“Huh? Why-” 
“She has had a crush on me for a decade, I believe.”
Bella and Steven exclaimed, “What?” 
Asher uttered indifferently, “I have turned her down several times, but she has been persistent. I just ignored her and let her be.” 
Alice, the fashion mogul, was pushing fifty. 
Asher was 30 years old, so there was a huge age gap. Talk about. progression. 
“That’s tragic. Utterly tragic…” Bella sighed. 
“You’re right. It must be stressful to have a 50-year-old suitor.” Steven nodded in agreement. 
“What did you say? I’m talking about Alice. 
Bella glared at Steven. She was a fan of Alice, so of course, she was going to have her back. “Age is not an issue. She just picked the wrong man. She’s like the icy editor-in-chief, Miranda Priestly, in ‘Devil Wears Prada’. Where is she going to find romance with an indifferent man like Ash? I can’t imagine sparks between two icy personalities.” 
Asher was speechless. 
Steven was also at a loss for words.
###chapter432
Time flew by, and it was soon the day of the charity jewelry auction held by the KS World Hotel. 
As the event was associated with charity, the local media drummed up public attention without KS and Mint putting much effort into advertising. 
Mint was an internationally renowned fashion magazine that A-listers would kill to grace the front cover. It was an iconic magazine. 
It was bustling outside on the day of the star-studded event. 
Celebrities, working together with the security team, greeted fans and swiftly entered the venue to prevent potential stampedes. 
A stretched limo pulled up near the crowd, which caused quite a commotion. 
A bodyguard opened the door, and Shannon and Bethany got out of the car in glamorous evening gowns 
Other attending heiresses and socialites would take the back door or 
VIP lane, but old habits died hard for Shannon and Bethany. They lived for their 15 seconds of fame. 
“Hey, look! Isn’t that Rosalind’s aunt?” 
Despite the distance, Shannon heard someone shouting in the crowd, and her expression turned ashen. 
She spent years rebuilding herself to shed the shadow of her past as an overhyped celebrity and mistress -turned-wife so that she would only be seen as the distinguished wife of Salvador
Corporation’s chairman. 
In the end, because of Rosalind, Shannon was known as the notorious whore’s aunt. 
Although Shannon was indeed Rosalind’s aunt, it felt more like an insult than an honor. 
“Oh, it’s really her!” Another person echoed. 
“Wasn’t she investigated because she was involved in bribery or something?” 
“That’s right. She was later released. Tsk, tsk. The capitalists run the city.” 
“She can’t erase her criminal past on the internet. She has the nerve. to show herself. Gregory could do a better job keeping his wife in check.” 
“I’m brought back to Rosalind’s birthday party when I see her. She bragged about her niece, but Rosalind broke character right there and then. That must have been a shocker.” 
“She went blank at the time. I laugh every time I see that face. Hahaha.” 
Shannon grimaced, her feet rooted to the ground. If Bethany had not. held onto her, she would not be able to walk. 
She thought the past was behind her. 
It dawned on Shannon that Rosalind had trampled on her fragile ego. 
Amid the jeering, Shannon and Bethany hurried into the hotel with their tails tucked between their legs. 
“You might want to try and be discreet, Mom. Best not to make public appearances.” 
Bethany pursed her lips frustratedly. “I was laughed at because of you. That was embarrassing.”
“Bethany! You are an ingrate. How can you say that your mother embarrassed you?” 
Shannon pinched Bethany’s arm exasperatedly, which hurt her badly. ” I was pregnant with you when I made myself known to the Salvadors. was insulted and humiliated, but I didn’t let it bother me. How can you disrespect me? If I hadn’t put away my dignity and pestered your dad, you wouldn’t be living the lavish life of the heiress of Salvador Corporation. You ungrateful brat!”
###chapter433
Putting her hand over her bruised arm, Bethany could not wait to get away from Shannon’s lecture. 
Growing up, Bethany benefited from her mother’s influence over her father, which opened doors for her future. However, despite her mother’s role in her easy life, Bethany secretly looked down on her for her lack of sophistication and culture. 
Shannon was vulgar in comparison to socialites like Zoe’s mother and Mila Larson. It was not as if Bethany could choose her parents anyway. 
The event was split into two segments-the banquet and the auction. 
The venue was packed with A-list celebrities and renowned artists, as if every star in the industry had graced the event with their presence. 
As the general manager of the hotel and organizer of the charity event, Bella was stopped by the press for live interviews. 
She carried herself with poise in front of the cameras. 
A journalist asked, “Ms. Thompson, Ada Wang has chosen the Salvador Hotel for her wedding venue. Now that you are hosting at charity auction for Mint magazine, are you trying to level the playing. field with Salvador Corporation?” 
“I understand why you would think so since we have been competing with Salvador Corporation.” 
Bella added with a faint smile, “But Mint magazine contacted us. about the event, so the timing is just by some strange chance. There’s nothing sinister behind the event.”
“It has been reported that Ada selected the KS World Hotel to have her wedding. Why did she change her mind and pick the Salvador 
Hotel instead? Did something happen in between?” 
Bella responded, “As the information is confidential and proprietary to the hotel, I’m afraid I’m not at liberty to share that.” 
The same journalist inquired, “She dropped out of the deal with you and opted for Salvador Corporation after the leak of her wedding plans. Is that the reason that contributed to the change of heart?” 
Bella remained unfazed, but her eyes turned chilly. 
The journalist was likely here to stir trouble. 
In a corner, Zoe sipped on champagne and smiled wickedly as Bella faced a barrage of questions from the relentless press. 
She planted the nosy journalist who could not take a hint. 
Despite the minimal impact on Bella’s career, Zoe hoped to bait Bella into controversial responses and draw criticism toward her. 
Shannon and Bethany drew close. 
Reigning victorious, Bethany was no longer intimidated by Bella. In fact, she became cocky.. 
“You’re right. That was the case.” Bella’s smile faded, and her expression turned solemn. 
The crowd went wild.
Zoe furrowed her brows. It never occurred to her that Bella would answer the question honestly without dodging and shutting the journalist up with a random excuse. 
That was one thing Zoe had not prepared for. 
“Stop putting Ms. Thompson on the spot. She’s been swamped with work after the breach of contract.” 
Lifting her chin, Bethany said with an arrogant smile, “But don’t feel discouraged, Ms. Thompson. You can do better next time. The incident with your hotel serves as a cautionary tale for the Salvador Corporation. We won’t make the same mistake as you. We are committed to maintaining the strictest confidentiality of all customer information.”
###chapter434
Bethany’s comment drew the attention of many. 
That was quite the bombshell she dropped. 
First, Bethany revealed that KS World was at fault for violating the contract with Ada. 
Second, Bella was quick to host an event for Mint, likely a damage- control move after the breach of contract with Ada to prove that the hotel was a popular destination for events. 
Third, under Bella’s leadership, KS World Hotel had failed to meet the customers’ needs and protect their privacy. It was serious negligence on her part as the general manager. 
Ada’s change in decision was proof that the Salvador Hotel was better than the KS World Hotel in every way. 
The press descended on Bella like a pack of wolves, snapping out questions with relentless intensity. 
Bella knew that this was coming. 
Bethany stirred the pot to use the media against her and the hotel. 
Bella turned to Bethany and Shannon. Even the exquisite makeup could not hide the smug looks on their faces. 
They were such clowns.. 
Ada and Alice, the entertainment and fashion moguls, entered the venue together. 
They saw Bella being ridiculed by Bethany and swarmed by the press.
Alice, looking chic and unapproachable in her sunglasses, looked at the unfazed Bella and nudged Ada. “I think you shouldn’t have given up the collaboration with Ms. Thompson.” 
“Why?” Ada asked with a raised brow. 
“Her brother is an outstanding man, and I’m not exaggerating. Asher is the most handsome man I have ever seen in my entire life.” 
Alice’s eyes sparkled behind the black lens at the mention of Asher.” He’s the man of my dreams.” 
“What does her dreamboat brother have anything to do with my contract with Bella?” Ada looked confused. 
Alice replied earnestly, and her tone softened. “Can’t you see it in your heart to give Ms. Thompson another chance for my sake? She might be my sister-in-law some day.” 
Ada was speechless. Was that supposed to be an emotional plea? 
No one took notice of the second floor. 
Justin stood still by the banister. His dark eyes were fixed on the scene happening downstairs. 
With his burning gaze falling on Bella’s composed face, he curled his lips with intrigue. 
He knew that she would not go down so easily. 
Bella never shied away from a fight. 
“Mr. Salvador, the young madam is mobbed by the press. These reporters will give her a bad name without knowing the truth.”
lan looked down with worry. “Can’t you figure something out to help the young madam?” 
“Nah.” 
Justin turned aloof. “Even though Bella is being framed, I can’t come forward and stand up for her. I belong to Salvador Corporation, and my interference will make things messier than they already are.” 
“I believe she’s ready for it. I can’t go out there and disrupt her plans.” 
lan nodded understandingly. Bella doesn’t go by the playbook. We best stay out of her way.” 
Most importantly, Bella did not trust Justin. He would only get on her nerves by getting involved. 
“I need you to do me two favors, lan.” Justin’s voice was husky. 
“Do tell.”
###chapter435
“I want that journalist, who had nothing nice to say, to disappear from the news scene.” 
“Sure thing.” 
“Call the group’s PR team and get them to monitor the comments online. Any bad press about Bella and KS World Hotel should be cleared from the internet right away.” 
“Of course.” 
lan turned away to carry out his boss’ order. 
Standing there, Justin stared at Bella’s stubborn face as his gaze softened. 
He thought, ‘Bella, just do all you want. You don’t have to thank me, and I’ll sort everything out for you behind the scenes.” 
The commotion downstairs went on. 
“Ms. Thompson, we at Salvador Corporation find it a pity that you didn’t manage to secure the partnership with Ada.” 
Shannon tore into Bella, not wanting to turn her back on a chance to berate her. “You’re young and inexperienced in management. I’m sure you can be negligent in managing tasks, but things will get better with time. 
“We have all been there and done that. The most important thing is that you own up to your mistakes.” 
“That’s right. It was my oversight to let others with ulterior motives get away with it.”
Bella narrowed her eyes. It was hard to read any emotions from her smile. “I will take adequate precautions from now on. It’s a lesson. learned.” 
Shannon sneered in disdain. 
“Are you saying that you were framed, Ms. Thompson?” One journalist asked in surprise. 
“The charity auction is about to begin. We should move to the venue.” 
Instead of answering the question, Bella led everybody to the next venue. 
She did not spare Shannon and Bethany another glance. 
The mother and daughter did not get the kick out of crushing their opponent. 
“The bitch thinks she can turn the tide by being vague. Well, she has another thing coming.” Shannon stared menacingly at Bella’s back. and spoke in a vicious tone. 
“Hmph! Did you see that? She didn’t even bother to explain herself. She’s accepting defeat.” 
Bethany clung to her mother’s arm excitedly. “Once the event is over, I should get the media to hype Bella up so that everybody can see what. an incapable leader she is.” 
“Mrs. Salvador! Bethany!” 
Timing it perfectly, Zoe came out of hiding and approached the mother and daughter with grace while holding the hem of her skirt. Good evening.” 
“Hello, Zoe.” 
Shannon held her hands warmly. “I’ve been looking for you. I thought you may not have made it.”
“I have got news for you, Mom.” 
Bethany smiled at Zoe gratefully. “We were able to get Ada to sign with us, thanks to Zoe.” 
”Oh, Bethany. It was the least I could do. It was no trouble at all.” Zoe grinned shyly. 
“I won’t forget what you have done for us, child.” 
Shannon smiled and caressed the back of Zoe’s hand. “Just ask if you need anything. I will do my best to help you.”
###chapter436
The guests filed into another hall in preparation to take part in the auction. 
Bella withdrew from the media, getting away from the spotlight to take a breather in the hallway. 
“Ms. Bella!” Steven rushed to her side worriedly. “Are you alright?” 
“It’s just a few bothersome reporters. What could have happened? How much could they have done?” 
Bella was calm, but she frowned slightly. “You shouldn’t be by my side right now. You should be in the hall, taking care of things.” 
“But… I was worried about you.” 
Steven’s voice was anxious and hoarse. “Those reporters clearly came prepared. They were deliberately sent to make things difficult for you! They kept harping on our mistakes to make you look bad!” 
“Isn’t that pretty normal? Do reporters have to come over to sing your praises and exalt you just because you’re hosting a charity event?” 
Bella crossed her arms, still looking calm. “And anyway, what they asked wasn’t wrong, was it? It’s true that there was an oversight in my management, which was taken advantage of by certain flamboyant fowls. I can’t blame others for that.” 
Flamboyant fowls. 
An image of Shannon and Bethany rose to the front of Steven’s mind.
“But you said something I don’t agree with. Those reporters were sent by someone not to ruin me, but to help me.” 
Bella leaned against the wall as she tapped her shoulder. “Just let Bethany Salvador enjoy herself and make a scene. I’m best at making my opponent fall from their pedestal and defeating them completely just when they think they have the world in the palm of their hands. Haha! How interesting.” 
Steven watched Ms. Bella’s gaze slowly darken. When she got vicious, she was just like Asher, and Steven could not help but shiver in fear. 
This rose was indeed beautiful, but it had thorns and was poisonous! 
Steven, as the general manager’s secretary, was needed inside the hall to ensure things ran smoothly, so he quickly ran back inside. 
Bella had been working hard the whole day for this auction and had only had a simple breakfast. She had not eaten lunch or dinner and had not even had a sip of water. 
Her stomach growled as she collapsed weakly onto the sofa and kicked off her heels, revealing her pale feet. 
She curled up pitifully. She was so hungry that her stomach was twinging. 
“I’m starving…” 
Bella murmured weakly as she slowly closed her eyes. Suddenly, she could faintly smell the mellow aroma of chocolate. 
She thought she was having hallucinations because she was so hungry. Her nose twitched as she sniffed the air like a cute little puppy.
“Are you just going to smell it and not eat it?” 
A pleasant, baritone voice spoke, though the tone was cold. 
Bella’s heart trembled, and she suddenly opened her eyes. 
Her stunned, widened eyes met Justin’s beautiful, dark eyes that hid multitudes. 
It was hard to deny that this beautiful and shocking pair of eyes were indescribably lethal to her, no matter when or where. 
At that moment, Bella was lying on her side on the sofa, watching Justin, who was kneeling on one knee in front of her, holding at chocolate cupcake in his hand. 
The hands that were holding her empty stomach could not help but clench. 
They had been married for three years, but Justin had never bent himself or lowered his head once. 
Even during that period of time when she loved only him and ran toward his light like a moth to a flame, she was the one who would humble herself and cry in grievance. 
As her thoughts drifted through her mind, her eyes reddened quietly, and her breathing started to become erratic. 
Justin maintained his posture of kneeling on one knee, but he frowned slightly when she did not respond. “Weren’t you complaining you were hungry? Why aren’t you eating? This is your favorite- chocolate-flavored. Don’t worry, it’s not poisoned.” 
“I’m not eating it.” 
Bella’s throat choked with unexplainable emotions. She felt bitter and sad.
“I heard from Wilma that you have stomach issues. It’s not good for you to stay hungry too long.” 
“I said, I’m not eating it!” 
Smack-! 
Bella suddenly waved her hand with red eyes, and the cupcake in Justin’s hand was instantly sent flying. 
“Bella! You-!” 
That cupcake dropped to the ground, some distance away, and crumbled thoroughly. 
Justin’s dark eyes stared at her fixedly. The fire burning in his heart rushed to his head even as disappointment spread from the top of his head to the tips of his toes like a bowl of cold water had been poured over his head. A bone-chilling coldness spread through him. 
It was not just the cupcake that had crumbled-his heart had too. 
“What’s wrong with you, Bella Thompson? Don’t you know.what’s good for you?!” 
Bella slowly sat up, no longer feeling hungry, as she was filled with a mess of emotions and resentment. “I hate you, and I hate you event more for being attentive to me out of the blue! Justin, do you know. that the way you’re treating me now is no different from insulting me?”
###chapter437
“What on earth are you talking about?” Justin raised an eyebrow, only feeling that she was unreasonable. 
“I want you to stay away from me. I don’t need you to be nice to me. Not even a single bit.” 
Bella endured the pain in her stomach as she stood up, her face pale.” Is it because Rosalind Gold has left you and your excessive passion has nowhere to go now? I’m not a garbage bin, so don’t settle for second best here. You might be willing to humble yourself, but I’m not willing to lower my standards!” 
Justin clenched his fist tightly, the great humiliation and indignance making his eyes redden. 
He only wanted to give her a cupcake because he saw that she was hungry and in pain. He wanted to ease her hunger. How could she demonize him and verbally attack him with such hateful words? 
Bella put on her high heels, straightened her back, and stormed off. 
Justin picked up the cupcake, watching her heartless back go, almost unable to catch his breath. 
The Bella of today would no longer smile at him like a blooming flower. 
Their failed marriage was a deeply painful memory for her. 
It made her seem like a soldier who had a near-death experience on the battlefield, which left her with post-traumatic stress disorder. If he were even a little bit nice to her, she would resist it wholeheartedly with suspicion. 
Justin’s thin lips trembled as he endured the intense pain in his heart, crushing the cupcake further in his palm.
A perfectly fine person and a perfectly fine relationship. It seemed he had ruined it all. 
In the hall, there was still some time before the auction started. Alice and Ada Wang were the two giants from the fashion and entertainment industries, respectively, present tonight. Thus, they were the stars of the event. The media constantly followed them around to interview them. 
Shannon had gone to chat with and establish connections with the other rich wives, while Bethany and Zoe both had their own plans. 
Bethany wanted to take a photo with Ada Wang and receive another wave of questions from the reporters. After all, she was the one who managed to seal the deal, so she hoped she could publicize this to show off her capability. 
Zoe, on the other hand, wanted to get a photo with Alice to increase. her own trendiness, which would be beneficial to her future career in the fashion industry. 
“Ms. Ada! I didn’t expect you to wear this necklace to the auction today. It looks like you really like it!” 
Bethany saw that Ada Wang was wearing the necklace she gave her tonight, so she used this as an excuse to start a conversation. 
The reporters surrounded the two, the lights of their cameras flashing nonstop. 
“Of course, I like it very much. This is Alexa’s work, after all.” 
Although Ada Wang did not like Bethany’s superficial personality, 
Bethany had given her the necklace. Plus, Salvador Corporation was her wedding organizer, so she could not be too cold to Bethany. 
Thus, Ada put an arm around Bethany’s waist and generously took a photo with her.
When Bethany saw that the international superstar’s attitude had softened toward her and even pulled her closer, she was elated! 
“Ms. Ada! Do you plan to bid on an item as your contribution to the charity, or do you plan on donating an item to be auctioned off at tonight’s charity auction?” The reporter asked. 
“Tonight, I plan to donate a piece of jewelry as my contribution to the charity,” Ada Wang replied with a polite smile. 
“Oh? Is it a precious piece of jewelry? Could you tell us more about it?” 
“That’s a secret. You’ll know when the time comes.” 
Elsewhere, Zoe was looking for an opportunity to approach Alice. 
She waited until Alice finally finished her interview and mustered her courage, quickly stepping forward to greet her. 
“Ms. Alice! Please wait!” 
Alice stopped in her tracks 
d in her tracks when she heard someone call her name. 
She looked at a smiling Zoe coldly from behind her sunglasses. 
That 
Naturally, Alice did not recognize Zoe, who was wearing an evening. dress that was in a style and color that did not suit her at all, despite it being from this year’s fall/winter couture collection. Alice felt that
Zoe was a person with mediocre taste who only looked at the price tag and did not consider if the outfit was right for her. Thus, Alice felt even less like interacting with her. 
“Ms. Alice, I grew up reading Mint magazines. I’m a loyal fan!” Zoe’s 
round little face blushed as she poured her heart out to Alice. 
“Grew up? Ha. Am I that old?” Alice smiled perfunctorily. 
“N-no! You’re not old at all!” 
Zoe was so embarrassed that she was sweating. She hurriedly 
explained, “What I meant is that I really admire you! I really like you! I- 
Can I-” 
But before she could finish speaking, she saw Alice brush past her hurriedly without even giving her a single glance! 
“M-Ms. Alice!” 
Zoe picked up her dress and hurriedly turned around. In the next moment, her eyes widened, and she paled. 
“Ms. Thompson! I’ve been waiting for you for a long time!” Alice smiled and walked towards Bella excitedly. 
It looked as if they were close friends who had known each other for years.
###chapter438
The surrounding celebrities and reporters cast shocked gazes at Bella. 
“Ms. Alice, I’m sorry. I didn’t know you were waiting for me.” 
Bella was somewhat surprised by the attention, and her usually calm. face was blushing a little. 
Alice’s eyes held an affable smile behind her sunglasses. “It’s fine. You’ve been working hard tonight.” 
She put an arm around Bella’s shoulders, acting like they were as close as sisters, as she smiled at the reporters. “Everybody, please. take some photos for us.” 
Bella looked slightly stunned. 
The crowd collectively thought in shock that they had finally lived to see the day the arrogant fashion diva, Alice, was actually enthusiastically taking the initiative to get a photo with someone else. 
Bella was no ordinary person to achieve this feat. She was emanating charm and attracting countless admirers. 
Bethany’s and Zoe’s expressions crumbled. 
Zoe, who had been left hanging in place, felt a sense of humiliation surge from her feet to her head. 
‘Why? Why?! Had Bella’s body been smeared with honey? Was that why all these famous and influential people swarmed her like bees. and butterflies, all rushing to her?’ Zoe did not understand what made. Bella so charming. 
Bella and Alice took a picture with their arms around each other..
Though Bella did her best to restrain her expression, the excitement in her heart was like a boiling kettle that had been on the stove for a hundred years. 
The reputation that Bella had previously lost was more or less recovered by this moment. 
After they finished taking the photo together, Bella and Alice went to a quiet place to talk. 
“Ms. Alice, thank you very much for earlier.” 
Bella said honestly, “As you can see, I did run into some trouble tonight. You taking a picture with me is a show of acknowledgement to me and has helped me regain some reputation.” 
“Ms. Thompson…” 
“I know that we’re kind of in the same boat because I’m the organizer, so you helped me for the sake of making sure the event goes well.” 
Bella smiled in embarrassed self-awareness. “But I’m very thankful to you regardless.” 
“No, Ms. Thompson. The reason why I helped you has nothing to do with whether or not we have a working relationship.” 
Alice looked at her with the kindness of an elder. “It’s because of your brother, Asher. He asked me to help you and watch over you as much. as possible during this event.” 
Bella’s eyes flickered in shock, secretly surprised. 
Her brother was such a worrier. Asher always worried that Bella would be bullied, so even if he did not appear himself, he would help. her prepare for every eventuality and arrange for every scenario. 
But Alice’s feelings for her brother were not platonic.
Bella thought, ‘Ash, you know she has a crush on you, but you still use. this opportunity to use her… You’re not a gentleman!’ 
“Ms. Thompson, I know Ada has canceled her contract with you, which has left quite a big impact on you.” 
Alice pushed up her sunglasses, her expression turning serious. “I’ve known Ada for many years and have a good relationship with her. I’ll talk to her about getting you to organize her wedding. I hope I can help you more.” 
“No, no!” 
Bella hurriedly waved her hands. “There’s no need. You’ve already helped me enough. It’s too much if you help me more!” 
“Are you afraid of owing me a favor?” 
Alice patted her shoulder with a gentle expression. “Don’t be afraid. I’m doing all this for you willingly. I’ve never wanted anything in return. Asher must have told you before about how much I like him, right?” 
Bella pursed her lips, nodding vigorously. 
“You’re Asher’s favorite sister and a very important family member to him. Anyone who is precious to him is naturally precious to me too. I’ve liked him for ten years and never wanted anything in return. I’m satisfied as long as he allows me to continue liking him.”
###chapter439
At the mention of Asher, Alice’s eyes burned with passionate love. 
Bella was speechless for a moment. She really wanted to know what 
Ash had done to this woman to make her so devoted. 
He was truly the master of manipulation! 
Outside. 
Justin smoked three cigarettes in a row in the smoking area, but he still could not ease his depressed feelings. 
But seeing that the auction was about to start, all he could do was bring his heavy heart with him into the hall. 
Justin’s tall and somewhat forlorn figure walked in from the left side of the hallway. 
Meanwhile, from the other end of the hallway, an elegant man walked toward him. 
The two stopped in front of the doors to the hall. 
Sparks flew as their gazes clashed, an invisible current running between them. 
Justin glared at Christopher Iverson coldly. 
Justin-glared 
Christopher pushed up his gold-framed glasses with a polite smile on his lips. “What a coincidence, Mr. Salvador. Are you also here to contribute to charity?”
Justin was calm as his lips slowly curled into a smile. “I’m not as charitable as you are. I just want to do my part for her.” 
There was no one else he could be referring to apart from Bella. 
Christopher’s smile froze on his face as he secretly clenched his fist. 
Tonight’s highlight, the charity auction, finally began. 
There were two ways to take part in tonight’s auction. One was by donating something to be auctioned off, and the other was to take part in bidding. 
All profits generated would be donated in full to the charity fund set up by the state for charitable purposes. The whole process was to be open and transparent. There was absolutely no room for any backroom dealing. 
The charity event organized by Mint was already in its fifteenth year this year, and everyone was speculating whether KS World Hotel’s take would be the one that generated the most donations and whether it would break records. 
Justin and Christopher entered together, causing a commotion. 
But tonight was Bella’s night. Out of consideration for her, they both did not want to overshadow her, so keeping a low profile, they sat in the last row as a high-quality backdrop. 
Meanwhile, Bella still did not know Christopher had come too. She and Alice sat in front, whispering to each other on occasion and chatting incessantly. 
When Zoe Hoffman, who sat quite a few meters away from them, saw this, she was so angry she almost burst a vein.
The actual auction portion of the night began. 
The emcee removed the red cloth covering the glass display, and the first item to be auctioned was revealed. 
“This item comes from the private collection of the chairman of 
Iverson Group’s wife. It’s a necklace set with a total of five square-cut emerald diamonds! Very rare, truly rare!” 
Amazed gasps came from the crowd. 
This was only the first lot, but it was already so valuable. It gave 
Bella’s charity auction a lot of weight. 
Bella could not help but be secretly shocked and hurriedly turned around to look for Christopher’s figure. 
Soon, she spotted his refined and handsome face in the corner. 
Christopher spotted her shocked gaze right away and smiled slightly, giving her a small wave. 
Bella curled her red lips and waved at him too. 
Little did they know, Justin saw their entire interaction. 
Justin stared fixedly at Bella’s beautiful, smiling face, his throat burning as the bidding paddle in his hand crumpled out of shape.
###chapter440
The appearance of the emerald diamond necklace made the crowd erupt into excited chatter. 
Any clear-eyed person could tell that the necklace was of top quality, from the purity of the jewel to the cut of it. It was probably worth millions! 
Iverson Group was indeed generous to offer up such a precious piece of jewelry to contribute to the charity auction. 
Right then, an eye-catching spotlight shone on Christopher’s elegant. and dignified figure. 
The crowd’s curious gazes followed it. When they saw the refined man, they all made sounds of awe at how good-looking he was. 
However, Christopher’s beautiful eyes looked openly in Bella’s direction, as if he could only see her. 
He had only wanted to see her alone. 
“That man is gorgeous! His face is perfect, just like it was carved from marble. Who is he?!” 
“He must be Lance Iverson’s son. How would he be able to produce such an expensive piece of jewelry otherwise?” 
“Lance Iverson’s son? Why have I never seen him before?”. 
“He gave so much support to Ms. Thompson. Are they in that sort of relationship?” 
“So what if they are? Ms. Thompson is a first-rate beauty herself. They would be a match made in heaven!”
Their chattering buzzed in Justin’s ears like mosquitoes and flies. He thought, ‘What did they mean, a match made in heaven?!” 
Christopher’s pale and clean-shaven face, coupled with that sinister gaze of his, reminded Justin of treacherous courtiers. 
“The starting bid for this emerald diamond necklace starts at $2 million. Please make your bids!” 
As soon as the auctioneer finished speaking, the attendees started raising their paddles, one after another. 
“$3 million!” 
“$4 million!” 
“$4.5 million!” 
“$5 million!” 
The atmosphere burned with passion, and the competition was just as fierce. 
Actually, before the auction started, Bella’s stomach had been feeling uneasy. 
But the moment she saw the bids for the first lot rise to $5 million in the blink of an eye, the results were gratifying, and she immediately stopped feeling tired and sore. 
Money cured all ailments. 
Meanwhile, Shannon and her daughter were feeling the complete opposite. Their resentment was so deep that it could open a door straight to hell.
They originally came to watch Bella make a fool of herself, but they did not expect the auction to go so well from the start. The plan they originally made to attack her via public opinion now seemed ineffective and meaningless. 
“Mom! Christopher Iverson came as a representative of the Iverson Group to support that bitch and even donated such a precious piece of jewelry. He’s definitely put a lot of thought and money into that bitch!” Bethany seethed as she glared at Bella, who was chatting and laughing with Alice. 
Shannon sneered, “Why? Are you jealous?” 
“How could I not be jealous?!” 
Bethany clenched her hands in her skirt as she looked dejected. “No man has ever doted on me like that ever since I was young, apart from Dad. Not only do Bella’s older brothers all dote on her, but even Mr. Hoffman and Mr. Iverson have become her protectors. Recently, even Justin hasn’t seemed as cold to her as he used to be. I don’t understand what’s so good about her. Why are those men always revolving around her? With her always overshadowing me, I feel like even the sky is gray when I wake up every morning.” up around 
She dreamed of living a life like Bella’s, with suitors lining up the block and with brothers to go the extra mile for her and spoil her to the high heavens! 
But what did she have instead? 
All she had was a silly younger sister, who was as stupid as a rock and put her in a bad mood at the very sight of her! 
“Wipe away that damned self-righteous and self-deprecating look.
You’re my daughter. Why do you always dream so big but undermine yourself? You’re such a helpless loser!” Shannon was so angry that she pinched her daughter’s thigh. 
It was so painful Bethany cried out in shock, which attracted frowns. and sideways glances from the people surrounding them. 
“Ryan Hoffman is already soon to be my son-in-law. Your marriage alliance with him is set in stone. No one should even dream of ruining it unless they’ve gotten tired of living!” 
Shannon glared at Bella as she sneered in a low voice. “And as for this Mr. Iverson, you can worry even less about him. It’d be best if 
Bella Thompson got together with that useless thing. Not only will that stop Justin from thinking of her, but it also won’t spoil our plans. That’s killing two birds with one stone!” 
“B-But Mom, he’s the legitimate son of Lance Iverson. His mother is Chairman Iverson’s legal wife. If Bella Thompson really got together. with him, wouldn’t that just end up helping her?” Bethany asked with at confused expression. 
“Helping her? More like ruining herself.” 
Shannon crossed her arms leisurely. “That Christopher Iverson is Chairman, Iverson’s least favorite son. His mother isn’t liked either. 
They’re often left overseas, and he doesn’t concern himself about them. All he has is the status of being an Iverson. He actually has nothing else. He doesn’t own any Iverson Group shares or any property. He has no position in the Iverson Group. A useless thing like him suits Bella Thompson the best.”
She sneered, her mind full of treacherous thoughts. “I really want to make sure the deed is done… That way, Bella will never be able to get rid of that troublesome man for the rest of her life.” 
By that time, the bids for the emerald diamond necklace had risen to $ 6 million.
###chapter441
The crowd stopped bidding. 
Bella was overjoyed and satisfied with such a good start to the auction. 
“$7 million. 
A calm baritone voice spoke suddenly from behind. 
Bella’s breath hitched, and the smile on her face suddenly faded. 
The crowd was shocked. 
Justin raised the paddle in his hand high into the air from the last Tow. His expression was cool and confident. 
“That’s Justin Salvador, the president of Salvador Corporation!” 
“OMG! When did he arrive? He appeared out of nowhere!” 
“He’s a lowkey person, but he sure is generous!” 
Justin did not lower the paddle. His burning gaze was fixed on Bella, unable to look away. 
In the end, Bella did not even look back. 
Seven million dollars could not even get him a look from Bella Thompson, the heiress of KS Group. 
It looked like he had to keep spending, then.
“It’s overpriced to pay $7 million for that necklace. One shouldn’t. spend money like that, even if he’s rich.” Alice shook her head in disgust at his action. 
“The more idiots like those there are, the more hope kids out in the impoverished areas have.” Bella curled her red lips, already cursing. Jerkface Justin in her heart. 
“Congratulations, Mr. Salvador! Thank you for your support to charity!” 
The auctioneer banged his gavel, and the crowd applauded fiercely. 
When the camera was trained on Justin, he smiled perfunctorily. 
Meanwhile, Christopher, who was sitting not far from him, pushed his glasses up with a finger, his gaze chilly. 
The auction proceeded smoothly. 
All the jewelry donated for the auction was bought at high prices. Shannon even bought one as a symbolic gesture. 
But what made Bella incredibly unhappy was that whenever they encountered a piece of jewelry nobody bid on, Justin would deliberately bid higher than the asking price and buy it. 
In just a short hour, he had already bought three pieces of jewelry and spent more than $30 million! 
Bella wore a frosty expression as she wished she could chase this bastard out of the hall. 
Right then, another not-so-valuable piece of jewelry was bought by Justin, and the crowd started discussing, as expected. 
“Is that piece worth $4 million? Mr. Salvador doesn’t have a discerning eye, does he?”
“He’s handsome and rich, so it’s fine if he’s a little foolish. No one’s perfect!” 
“Foolish, my foot! Haven’t you guys noticed? Everything Mr. Salvador has bought isn’t valuable. Even if you’re picking at random, there’s no way you’d be able to avoid all the valuable pieces, is there? You can tell at a glance that he’s doing this on purpose!” Someone keenly noticed the pattern. 
The crowd was shocked. “That’s true! Then, do you mean…” 
“Mr. Salvador is buying the cheaper stuff to support Ms. Thompson and help create value for her auction. He’s trying to woo the beauty!” 
Zoe Hoffman watched as Justin, whom she longed for desperately, did everything he could to please Bella Thompson. She was so angry that her eyes reddened. She was furious. 
She wished for Justin so dearly, yet he served himself up to Bella on a silver platter. Yet still, Bella ignored him. This extreme contrast made 
Zoe feel like she had suffered an unprecedented humiliation. 
The crowd seemed to nod vigorously, thinking it was reasonable. 
Justin could faintly make out what they were saying, and his lips. curled slightly. 
It looked like there were people who understood. 
It was just a shame that Bella never glanced back his way from beginning to end. 
His curled lips drooped back down slightly. 
“Ha. How boring.” Christopher scoffed, looking down on Justin’s actions.
What was the use of throwing his money around? Did he think Bella was like other shallow women who only had eyes for money? 
“Allow me to introduce the next lot!” 
The auctioneer’s voice was loud and clear as he pulled off the red cloth covering the glass display in a sudden motion. 
An expertly cut teardrop-shaped white diamond necklace was revealed to the crowd’s eyes. There were hundreds of tiny blue diamonds clustered around the white diamond. It was exquisitely chic and breathtaking! 
“This piece of jewelry was donated by Ms. Ada Wang and was designed by the top international jewelry designer, Ms. Alexa herself! Thank you, Ms. Ada Wang, for your generosity!” 
The moment that necklace appeared on stage, Bethany’s face twisted in shock as she jolted upright in her seat. 
At that moment, Zoe’s expression also gradually stiffened as she interlaced her fingers and clenched them so hard over each other that they turned red.
###chapter442
They had planned for every possibility except for this one-Ada Wang donating that necklace openly in front of everyone! 
How could this be?! 
Bethany hurriedly looked back to meet Zoe’s gaze from a few meters away, wanting to speak but unable to. 
The reveal of Alexa’s work truly pushed the atmosphere of the auction toward its climax. 
Those present who were part of the jewelry industry and enthusiasts all leaned forward and craned their necks just to catch a glimpse of the legendary designer’s brilliant work. 
Justin and Christopher had both heard of Alexa, and their eyes, which had been dull the whole night, sparked to life at that moment. 
The two men gripped their paddles tightly, already eager to place their bids. 
“Bethany, why did you stand up? Hurry up and sit down. Can’t you see the people surrounding us are looking at you?” Shannon saw that Bethany was doing something undignified again and tugged at her arm hard. 
“Mom, something’s happened!” Bethany collapsed into her seat. Her voice was even trembling. 
“Something? What thing?” 
“The necklace Ada Wang donated… gave it to her.” 
“You gave it to her?! Where did you get an Alexa piece?!”
Shannon was shocked, but she quickly became furious. “You gave her such an expensive necklace? She’s basically wasting it and dismissing your goodwill! Is she trying to offend you?! Also, why didn’t you bring it home to me if you had a piece of Alexa designer jewelry and gave it to that actress instead? I raised you for nothing!” 
“Mom… That necklace… It’s fake.” Bethany had broken out into a cold sweat as she spoke weakly. 
Shannon was shocked. “What did you say? It’s fake?!” 
“Zoe helped me get Alexa’s apprentice to make that counterfeit necklace…” Bethany stuttered. “Ada Wang was taking a long time to sign the contract, so out of desperation, I came up with the plan to do what Bella Thompson did and use Alexa’s jewelry to get her favor… The fake is very well done, and it’s one of Alexa’s less popular works, so Ada Wang didn’t notice. I know the truth gets out eventually, but I thought that even if it got revealed in the future, the contract would have been signed, and Ada Wang wouldn’t be able to go back on it even if she wanted to. But I never expected her to donate the necklace to charity! If this gets out, Salvador Corporation’s reputation will be ruined!” 
“You really are dumb as a rock!” 
Shannon said in a furious whisper, jabbing her sharp nails at Bethany. “It’s better to not give anything than to give fake goods! Our family name will be ruined by you if this gets out. Don’t you know that?!” 
“It wasn’t my idea… It was Zoe’s! You can’t put the whole blame on me!” Bethany pursed her lips in indignance, actually feeling aggrieved. 
“You can’t even tell that Zoe is just using you as a tool?!” Shannon was so angry that she stomped her foot, her eyes reddening. “If the fake isn’t discovered, you’ll have managed to get the rights to organize her wedding. That aligns with her goal of moving against Bella Thompson. If it’s discovered, the necklace was given by you under Salvador Corporation’s name, so what does it have to do with her?
She’d be able to make a full retreat from the situation, leaving you to clean up the mess. You won’t even be able to cry about it!” 
Realization finally dawned on Bethany, and she cursed herself for allowing herself to get used by Zoe just because she wanted the contract signed. 
“Mom! Then what should I do now?” 
“We’ll just have to adapt to the situation as it develops.” 
Shannon forced herself to take a deep breath to calm down. “There are so many of Alexa’s works spread all around the world, so who knows if they can tell this one’s a fake? Even Ada Wang didn’t realize, so there’s no way anyone else will be able to!” 
Bethany finally relaxed a little, but she was still worried the fake would be discovered. 
“I want to say a few words about this piece of jewelry.” Ada Wang took the microphone and stood up to face the audience with a smile. 
Her gaze finally fell on Bethany’s pale face. “I’d like to thank Ms. Bethany Salvador from Salvador Corporation for giving me this necklace.” 
Bella leisurely dug out her phone to text Steven, who was backstage. 
In the next second, a bright and piercing spotlight shone on Bethany’s face, which was as stiff as a statue. 
Meanwhile, the large screen overlooking the stage also began to display her face, which accurately captured her every expression. 
Bethany had no choice but to force a smile, cursing internally.
“Although I like Alexa’s works very much, I think donating a piece to give back to society and helping many more people in need is better than simply keeping it in my possession.”
###chapter443
“This is the same philosophy that Ms. Alexa has been adhering to when designing jewelry all these years. As a fan of hers, I hope to follow in her footsteps in this way. I hope Ms. Bethany Salvador doesn’t mind me doing this. I like the gift very much, and it’s precisely because I like it so much that I want it to be of greater value.” 
After Ada said this, Bethany naturally did not dare to say no. 
Right now, she only wanted that damned spotlight on her to be turned off and for her embarrassed face to disappear from the big screen. 
Ideally, she wished that she could vanish into thin air too. 
“Alexa’s works are difficult to obtain and have extraordinary significance. Therefore, Ms. Ada has decided to put this lot up without an asking price!” 
The bidding started, but the audience hesitated. 
“$30 million.” 
A clear voice rang out, and Christopher Iverson smiled as he slowly raised his paddle. 
Thirty million dollars?! 
That was the highest bid any of the lots that night had gotten! 
If the lowest price was already $30 million, was the price going to rise into the hundreds of millions of dollars?
Although it was true that an Alexa piece was worth that price, this discouraged many people who were eager to try their luck. 
“$50 million.” Justin raised his paddle with a cold and distant expression. 
But a spark flashed through his eyes, revealing his unquenchable. fighting spirit and ambition. 
The crowd was stunned, wondering if Justin Salvador had a money- printing machine at home that ran 24/7. 
He had raised the price by $20 million in one go. 
There were a few people who wanted to try bidding too at first, but they caved at this moment. 
“$70 million.” Christopher raised his paddle again, not even frowning. 
He added $20 million too, obviously challenging Justin. 
Justin continued, “$90 million.” 
Christopher chased. “$100 million.” 
Everyone exclaimed in disbelief as the hall erupted into an uproar. 
Okay, it was confirmed that Christopher Iverson also had a money printing machine at home. 
Bella crossed her arms as her thick eyelashes fluttered and her red lips pursed into a thin line. 
She watched as the bid got higher, like a stock increasing in value, but there was no trace of a smile on her face.
“Ms. Thompson, those two don’t look like they’re bidding at an auction. They look more like they’re arguing.” 
Even Alice could tell what was going on. 
“Exactly! It’s like they think this is a highway intersection and are road. raging here!” 
Bella wore a deep scowl. She really wanted to send someone to confiscate the paddles of these two crazy show-offs! 
Elsewhere, Shannon watched the whole exchange, stunned. 
“Mom, didn’t you say that Mr. Iverson was poor? But he’s made a $ 
100 million bid! How on earth is he poor?” Bethany asked in shock. 
Shannon was unable to reply. 
Had she judged incorrectly this time? Was Christopher a wolf in sheep’s clothing? 
“$120 million.” Justin expressionlessly raised his bid once again. 
Alexa had been one of his hang-ups for a very long time, and he had a lot of repressed feelings about her, so he had to win this bid tonight. 
“$150 million!” 
A clear and pleasant voice rang out. 
Bella’s beautiful eyes were clear and cold. Finally, unable to hold back, she raised her paddle.
###chapter444
Justin and Christopher’s hearts trembled as they looked at Bella in unison. 
They were both very attuned to Bella, so they realized right away that she was angry. 
Thus, they both caved and backed out of the bid. 
It was not a big deal. Why get angry? They would just give in to her. 
“Congratulations, Ms. Thompson! The necklace is yours!” 
The auctioneer was also very good at judging the situation. Before anyone could even react, he banged his gavel, which meant the necklace went to Bella. 
The hall was silent for two beats before it erupted into roaring applause. 
Bella, however, remained calm, with not a trace of happiness on her features as her eyes remained dull. 
“Mom! Bella Thompson bought the fake necklace! Do you think she’s realized it’s a fake?” Bethany was panicking so much that her voice. was trembling. Her heart was beating as fast as a rabbit’s. 
“Shut your mouth! Are you trying to yell that for the whole world to hear?!” Shannon viciously pinched Bethany’s arm, spitting venomous. fury from her eyes. “She definitely hasn’t. She won’t expect a fake item to appear at her auction. Let’s just consider her $150 million as accumulating good karma for you!” 
Bethany was still worried. “What if she notices after taking it back-” 
“It’ll have nothing to do with you once the auctioned item leaves this place! Who would know if someone swapped it out after she took it home or if she was deliberately slandering you?”
Shannon sneered sinisterly. 
Bethany admired her mother’s ability to twist the truth without batting an eye. She secretly cursed herself and wondered why she could not have shared a brain with her mother. 
Ada Wang could not help but smile in satisfaction when she saw that the piece of jewelry she donated was bought by Bella at the auction’s highest bid so far. 
She even thought that Bella must still be dreaming of working together with her, or else she had no other reason to go that far. 
Ah, youth! 
Right then, the youthful Bella’s cold eyes darkened as she took out her phone to text Steven. 
Then she adjusted her position, as if waiting for a good show to start. 
“The next piece of jewelry is from-” 
The moment the red cloth was taken off, the auctioneer’s excited words suddenly cut off. 
He looked at the teardrop-shaped diamond in the display case and then looked at the flow sheet in his hand. 
There was a mistake. These were not the right goods! 
When the dazzling spotlight shone on the glass display, the crowd made sounds of astonishment. 
“I’m not seeing things wrongly, am I? Isn’t that necklace the one that Ada Wang just donated?!” 
“That’s right, it is! It’s exactly the same!”
“There’s no way! Each one of Alexa’s designs is completely unique! 
How could there be two of one design, and how could they appear at the same auction?!” 
“So… Is it possible that one of them is a fake?!” 
The crowd hotly debated as they pointed and gestured at the necklace in the display case. 
Ada Wang leaned forward in complete shock, thunderstruck, as she looked at the necklace on stage. 
Shannon and Bethany were both frozen in terror as they held each other’s hands tightly. Bethany could even feel the cold sweat slide. down her spine. 
The necklace she gave Ada Wang was fake. 
So there was only one possibility. The necklace on stage right now. that she did not know who had donated had to be the real one! 
“Ms. Thompson, didn’t you check the lots before the auction? How could such a mess have happened?” Alice did not mean to reproac Bella but was purely concerned for her. 
“Was I the one who didn’t follow the rules? Was it not Ms. Ada?” Bell smiled and asked in a thought- provoking manner. 
Alice was taken aback. “That necklace… Could it be-?!” 
Amidst the crowd’s suspicion, Bella gracefully stood up and walked onto the stage. 
Justin narrowed his eyes slightly as he watched Bella smile charmingly and dazzlingly.
His heart, which had been lying dormant under his suit, thumped strangely, and every inch of his skin started burning like he had been scorched by fire. 
“Everyone, I would first like to apologize as the organizer of Mint’s charity auction, and I bear responsibility as the person in charge of the hotel for the error that has happened, which has given everyone a bad experience.”
###chapter445
Bella bowed deeply and courteously towards the audience after she finished saying that. 
The hall slowly quietened. 
“Secondly, I’d like to explain. I donated this piece of Alexa’s work called ‘God’s Tear’.” Bella pursed her lips slightly. 
Everyone was taken aback by this, and they all turned in unison to look at Ada Wang. 
Ada Wang was completely bewildered. Everyone surrounding her was looking at her, but she could only turn her stunned gaze to Bethany Salvador. 
In turn, Bethany turned to look in Zoe Hoffman’s direction, only to find her seat was empty! 
Zoe had a bad feeling earlier, so she took advantage of the chaos and left the scene. 
Bella watched this ridiculous cycle coldly from her position on stage. and her red lips could not help but curl up. “Ms. Ada, I did not know you were donating this necklace tonight, so this is all truly a coincidence. Please do not misunderstand.” 
“Ms. Thompson, why do you also have the ‘God’s Tear”?” Ada Wang’ confidence had been instantly extinguished as she asked with a sti expression. 
Bella restrained her smile, and she frowned slightly. “Ms. Ada, the re issue right now isn’t why I have this necklace, but rather the fact that your necklace is fake.” 
Everyone was deeply shocked by this statement.
Shannon managed to keep her calm, but Bethany was pale from the fear that had risen due to Bella’s words. 
“But that necklace was given to me by Bethany Salvador, the daughter of Salvador Corporation’s chairman… How could it be fake?!” Ada 
Wang was still having trouble accepting this fact. 
If that necklace was fake, the way she had just made a big show of donating it like it was a genuine article made her look dumb, did it not?! 
“Ms. Thompson! On what basis do you say that the necklace my daughter gave Ms. Ada is a fake? You should say that only after getting someone to appraise it! Otherwise, aren’t you just slandering us?!” 
Shannon felt that there would be huge trouble if things went on like this, so she hurriedly stepped up to say so sternly as a means of preempting whatever the others might say or do next. That way, she could contain the suspicion against them temporarily before saying anything more. 
“The fact that I dared to say your necklace is a fake means that I have a way of proving it. I am by no means being defensive.” Bella was calm, and her tone was unhurried. 
A mischievous gleam subconsciously flashed through her beautiful eyes. 
Justin sat straight, his gaze glued to Bella’s face as he smiled. 
Whenever she smiled in that cunning and fox-like manner in the past, it meant she was up to something. 
That expression used to infuriate him, but at the moment, he found it more adorable and pleasing the more he looked at it.
“Ms. Thompson! You claim that Ms. Salvador’s necklace is fake, but do you have evidence?” 
“Ms. Ada is an expert collector of jewelry. How could she not be able to tell if it was fake?” 
Exactly, Ms. Thompson! You have to take responsibility for making unfounded claims! The two necklaces look exactly the same. You should get an expert to appraise it before drawing conclusions!” 
Bella faced the audience’s criticisms with an impassive expression. 
Suddenly, the halls’ large, heavy doors were pushed open. 
Everyone reflexively turned to look. 
A blonde-haired, blue-eyed beauty on tall stilettos entered everyone’s astonished field of vision. 
Justin also could not help but look back. Instantly, his eyes widened. 
Surprisingly, it was Sliva, Alexa’s assistant. 
Why had Sliva appeared right at this moment? 
“It’s Ms. Sliva! She’s the manager of Alexa’s studio!” Someone in the audience recognized her and could not help but exclaim. 
“Sliva actually came here?! She’s Alexa’s right-hand woman! Could there be anyone more suitable to appraise Alexa’s jewelry than she is?!” 
In full view of everyone, Sliva walked straight toward Bella without looking elsewhere. 
Bella smiled softly at her and walked off the stage, relieved. 
“You’re here.”
The familiar and natural way she greeted Sliva surprised the onlookers. 
Sliva stopped in front of Bella and took her hand, kissing the back of it lightly. This was a gesture of admiration and utmost respect in Inalia. 
“I’m sorry for being late, Ms. Alexa.”
###chapter446
The entire venue fell silent for a moment, followed by explosive gasps. 
‘Alexa… Bella is Alexa?” Justin experienced a brief buzz in his head before going completely blank for several seconds. It was as if even his soul had left his body, leaving him feeling weak from head to toe. 
‘Bella is Alexa!’ Justin thought to himself. ‘She is the illustrious jewelry designer who is highly regarded. So she had spent the entire time watching me embarrass myself. She must have been overjoyed, secretly laughing at my efforts to meet Alexa, only to be rejected.’ 
Justin was completely taken aback. His lips trembled, and his breath was heavy. His eyes turned an unimaginably intense shade of red. He could not decide whether he was more angry or shocked. 
“Bella, you deceived me again. You actually deceived me again!” 
She clearly had an unparalleled talent, but she had kept it hidden from him for the entire three years of their marriage. She played the role of a housewife who toiled at home without displaying any of her talent or brilliance. 
“Why would she degrade herself in this manner? Was she making fun of my ignorance in some twisted way?’ Justin clenched his teeth, and the pressure caused his molars to ache. His heart throbbed faintly, prompting him to raise a hand instinctively to cover the area around his heart. Is it amusing to toy with me like this, Bella? How did you expect me to fall in love with you when you have never been honest with me?” 
“Alexa?! The heiress of KS Group is Alexa?! This is truly sensational news!” 
“Could it be a lie?”
“Diamond necklaces can be faked, but can her identity be faked? 
Besides, Sliva is here to confirm her identity!” 
Even those who normally maintain dignified facades could care less about appearing sophisticated at this time. Everyone took out their phones and took pictures of Bella like paparazzi! 
Given that Alexa was looking this hot and stunning, it would be a shame not to take a few pictures to show off later. Otherwise, tonight would be a complete waste! 
Christopher calmly observed the crowd that had gathered around. Bella. She was like the moon, surrounded by many stars. He casually adjusted his glasses, and his smiling eyes revealed a hint of indulgence and playfulness. 
No other woman could excite him as much as Bella. She was the only one who made him realize that the existence of love was not as dull and silly as he had previously assumed. 
The scene became somewhat chaotic. In their eagerness to get closer to the spectacle, everyone crammed closer and closer to Bella. 
Seeing the situation, Christopher was worried for Bella’s safety if it continued. He stood up, intending to walk over and help her break free. 
A cold gust of wind swept past him out of nowhere. Christopher’s eyes widened as he noticed Justin rushing over with quick strides, 
pushing his way through the crowd. He clenched his fists in frustration. His gaze was piercing, and he yearned to rip Justin apart. 
Bella was taken aback when Justin suddenly assumed the role of her protector, standing in front of her like a human shield. She couldn’t help but ask, “What are you doing?”
“There are too many people. I’m afraid you might be in danger,” Justin replied without turning to face her. 
Bella scoffed with disdain. “Steve is close behind. Not to mention that my hotel’s security is excellent. We can easily handle this minor situation. There is no need for you to be the hero here.” 
“Bella, you deceived me again,” Justin said slowly. 
Justin shifted his gaze, his dark eyes intense. “Do you not have anything to say to me about your deception?” he asked in a trembling voice that only they could hear. 
Bella laughed with a mocking look in her eyes. “Does it hurt to be deceived by me? Don’t worry, you’ll slowly get used to it.” 
Justin took a deep breath and let out a soft cough. She infuriated him. 
The uproar sparked by Alexa did not die down until Steven dispatched a squad of bodyguards to restore order. 
“OMG, you are Alexa… How is this even possible?” Ada Wang walked toward Bella, her mouth covered and her words incoherent. Tears streamed down her excited face. 
“I did not conceal my identity on purpose. It is just that these titles do not mean much to me. I simply enjoy making jewelry and do not want to be in the spotlight or draw too much attention.” Bella maintained her usual gentle demeanor with Ada Wang. “I know you are a big fan, and I am honored to have your and everyone else’s affection.” 
Such grace, such charm! 
“I’m sorry, Ms. Thompson. No, Ms. Alexa. Please forgive my rudeness. earlier.”
Ada Wang was regretful. She wished she could go back in time and change her cold words and dismissive attitude toward Bella! It is like missing the forest for the trees! 
“I am both Alexa and the general manager of KS World Hotel. My dual identity cannot make up for the breach of hotel confidentiality. So, I have never held it against you, and there is no need for you to blame yourself.” 
At that moment, Bella was about to reveal Shannon and Bethany’s true colors. 
“God’s Tears’ is one of Alexa’s relatively obscure private works and has rarely been publicly exhibited. Besides Alexa, no one in the world. possesses it.” Sliva’s sharp gaze was fixed on Bethany. “So, without a doubt, the one Ms. Salvador gave to Ms. Ada is a counterfeit.” 
Sliva added, “Daring to replicate works by Alexa is a serious infringement on Alexa’s reputation and creative rights. Alexa ensures that each of her pieces is insured for a high value. You are not legally inept, Ms. Salvador. You should be well aware of the potential consequences and penalties, right?”
###chapter447
Upon hearing those words, the crowd erupted into a clamor as they cast skeptical glances at Bethany. 
When he heard the statement, Justin’s eyes darkened slightly. His expression was calm, as if he expected it. After all, even he found the task of seeking an audience with Alexa to be like reaching for the stars. He never believed Bethany had the ability to acquire Alexa’s jewelry. There was definitely something fishy about it. 
Justin felt a surge of resentment and anger as he reflected on this. He turned around to give Bella a hard stare. 
Bella shrugged her shoulders and scowled at Justin. ‘What kind of expression is that? He looks like he wants to devour someone.’ She examined Justin as if he were a psychopath. 
The crowd’s suspicious gaze made Bethany paler than ever. She quickly hid behind Shannon to avoid their gaze. 
“Ms. Salvador, have you been lying to me since the beginning?” 
Ada Wang was enraged, her eyes ablaze. “Were you resorting to such despicable tactics just to win me over? Did you deceive me in order to secure my cooperation with your Salvador Hotel?” she demanded angrily of Bethany. 
Bethany stammered, unable to speak a single word. She was terrified and drenched in sweat. 
“I chose to trust you unconditionally because you are associated with the Salvador Corporation, and I held you in high regard as a well- mannered young lady. With this incident, I am now skeptical of the Salvador family’s entire reputation! It contradicts the century-old reputation your family has built in Savrow!”
Ada Wang was furious after being humiliated in front of her idol. She was determined to direct her rage at Bethany and the entire Salvador family. 
The onlookers shook their heads in disapproval. Unbelievable! A billion-dollar family sent counterfeit goods to a celebrity and was caught in the act in front of the real Alexa! This, along with Rosalind’s cheating on Justin, could go down in the Salvador family’s history as a permanent stain. 
“As president of the Salvador Corporation, I am unaware of the gifts Ms. Salvador gave you privately or of the terms she discussed with you, Ms. Ada. After all, she was solely in charge of your wedding arrangements.” Justin’s tone was cold, as if he were completely unconcerned. “Her actions are completely personal and have nothing to do with the Salvador Corporation. 
Shannon was enraged. Her jaw clenched so tightly that her teeth felt like they were going to break. 
Bella, who was hidden in the shadow of Justin’s tall figure, raised an astonished eyebrow when she heard these words. 
“However,” Justin paused, his gaze on Bella deepening. “Regarding the forgery and losses suffered by Ms. Thompson, also known as Alexa, I, on behalf of the Salvador Corporation, am willing to accept responsibility.” 
“Are you taking responsibility for her?” 
Everyone exchanged puzzled glances. Even though they felt there was nothing wrong with this statement, they detected a subtle nuance. 
As she turned away from Justin, Bella’s eyes became clouded with disapproval. She had assumed that he had matured. She thought he could overlook Bethany’s predicament. However, it became clear that he still needed to sort out the mess for Shannon and Bethany, putting his overall situation first.
Justin had expressed a desire for Bella to win, but it appeared to be nothing more than empty words. 
“Hold on! Why are we being portrayed as if we have committed some heinous crime? We are also victims!” 
Shannon stepped forward quickly to defend her daughter. Her face was flushed with anxiety. “My daughter had good intentions. Knowing how much Ms. Ada admires Alexa’s jewelry, she went out of her way to find a valuable piece for you, hoping that it would foster cooperation between our two parties! Our family is wealthy. We can easily afford ten pieces of Alexa’s jewelry, let alone just one. Why would we bother with a forgery that would tarnish the Salvador family’s reputation just to please you? We would not have bought it if we had known it was fake. We even wanted to seek justice from the person who sold us the jewelry.” 
A wave of murmurs rippled through the crowd. 
“This woman purchased a forgery and dared to claim she wanted to buy ten pieces of Alexa’s work. Truly shameless.” 
“That’s Mrs. Salvador for you.” 
Finally, unable to bear her nonsense, Sliva stepped forward and retorted coldly. “It is well known that each piece of jewelry Alexa creates is a one-of-a-kind masterpiece that is rarely available on the market.”
###chapter448
“Anyone who owns a piece of Alexa’s designs would cherish it forever due to its rarity. No one will give it up voluntarily unless they are in dire financial straits. You should keep in mind that you could be duped when making a purchase. Furthermore, Alexa would not sell it to you even if you had the means to buy it.” A trace of mockery appeared in Sliva’s eyes. “No matter how I look at it, you are far from qualified.” 
“You… You!” Shannon choked with anger, fuming. 
When the spectators heard this, they quietly cheered. Shannon had caused trouble in Savrow on several occasions, and her reputation was about to come crashing down. She would never have been able to make it in Savrow without her title as Mrs. Salvador. 
An advocate for justice ought to step up and correct this self- obsessed person! 
“Moreover, Ms. Salvador,” Sliva interrupted, abruptly shifting the conversation to Bethany. “Were you really kept in the dark about the purchase of fake goods from someone else? Are you genuinely unaware?” 
Bethany found it difficult to remain calm. She braced herself and replied, “Of course! Why on earth would I ever buy a fake? I can afford it without any issue!” 
“Hmmm, I am not sure about that.” 
The crowd buzzed in confusion. Could there be some hidden mystery in these words?, 
With bewilderment, Justin’s brows knitted, and he looked at Bella. She had stayed quiet by his side the entire time.
Bella looked up at him then, her lips forming a seductive smile. Her every facial expression seemed to pierce his heart like a sharp arrow. 
It turned out that she was in complete control of everything. 
The mastermind behind the whole incident was Bella, who had always watched from the sidelines. 
“What do you mean when you say that? Are you trying to accuse my daughter as well?!” Shannon hugged Bethany close, assuming the vulnerable stance of a victim. 
Sliva dismissed Shannon’s antics, turning her attention solely to 
Bethany. “Ms. Salvador, do you remember who you commissioned to replicate this necklace for you? You should have some recollection, right?” 
How could Bethany respond? It seemed like she would only be digging her own grave, no matter what she said. 
“You can’t remember? Then let me refresh your memory.” After saying those words, a man appeared out of nowhere on the stage’s big screen! 
“Hello, Tyler.” Sliva greeted the person on the screen with a smile in French. 
“Hello, Sliva. Hello, Master.” Tyler looked towards Bella, scratching his head shyly. 
“You still have outstanding craftsmanship.” Bella had no bitterness toward him. “I knew this necklace was your handiwork from the moment it appeared before my eyes,” she said with a subtle smile. 
For an instant, Bethany’s vision became blurry. Had Shannon not been there to support her, she could have collapsed.
With a guilty sigh, Tyler held up a transaction receipt for the camera to see. 
“I was paid to forge a piece designed by my master, Alexa. Please take a close look. The person who asked me to duplicate the necklace will be identifiable by the signature on it.” 
The journalists trained their cameras on the large screen as the crowd surged forward. 
They zoomed in again and again. 
At the bottom, there was a neat signature that formed two distinct words: Bethany Salvador! 
“What is going on?!?” Shannon whispered to Bethany as her eyes narrowed. “You said Zoe had it made, didn’t you? Why is your name on the receipt?!” 
“Mom, I was tricked by that cunning girl, Zoe!” Bethany sobbed, tears welling up in her eyes.
###chapter449
Shannon’s vision blurred with rage as she heard these words, nearly causing her to black out. Her primary resentment was not directed at Bella this time, but rather at that cunning girl, Zoe, who played her daughter for a fool! 
The crowd erupted in a frenzy of discussion. With concrete evidence presented, Bethany was no longer a victim but rather the mastermind behind the forgery. 
The journalists present swiftly began disseminating the news. 
[Shocking news! Bella Thompson, heiress to KS Group, is the legendary designer Alexa!] 
[Though physical attractiveness can get you far in life, genuine skill is what really counts. How many hidden identities does the young heiress of KS Group possess?] 
[Ms. Bethany Salvador, the third daughter of Chairman Gregory Salvador, has the gall to gift celebrity Ada Wang counterfeit goods! The audacity of her!] 
[In-depth scrunity: When will Shannon and her daughter stop making trouble?] 
Bethany had no idea that she would be back in the spotlight in less. than a year. When compared to the previous press conference where she had to apologize, the impact this time was even more intense and overwhelming. 
Shannon attempted to put pressure on Justin, casting the messy situation onto bim as she saw the situation spiral out of control. Justin! How can you, as president of the Salvador Corporation and Bethany’s brother, stand by and watch them attack your sister? Even though I am not your biological mother, Bethany is your half-sister. How can you turn a blind eye to your own family for the sake of an outsider?”
“Turn a blind eye to my family? Who exactly is the outsider?” Justin’s eyes darkened, and he retorted coldly. 
“Who else could it be? Of course, it’s the woman next to you!” Shannon gritted her teeth. 
Justin cast a quick glance at Bella. “She’s not an outsider.” 
Bella frowned as she looked at Justin’s stern profile, thinking to herself, ‘Is he sick in the head?” 
Shannon was so enraged that she felt like vomiting. “You…! You’re abandoning your principles for the sake of a woman!” 
“Giving up my principles for the sake of a woman is better than giving them up for personal gain.” Justin’s cold eyes flashed with venom as he took his phone from his pocket and dialed lan’s number. “Bring them in.” 
Bella was perplexed, unsure what the man was up to. 
The venue’s doors were pushed open once more at this point. With everyone watching, lan pushed the wheelchair into the room. A person wearing a cap and mask sat in a wheelchair. Her features were not clearly visible, other than the fact that she was a woman. 
“What on earth are you doing, Justin?” Bella lowered her voice, instinctively grabbing the hem of Justin’s clothes. 
The man turned his head, as if his heartstrings had been pulled. Helping you reclaim what is rightfully yours.” 
‘What is rightfully mine?”
Bella looked at the person in the wheelchair, blinking. The woman in the wheelchair lifted her trembling hand and slowly removed the cap and mask. 
Surprisingly, it was Xena Gordon. 
As they looked at her haggard face, the crowd exchanged puzzled glances. Only Bethany fled in terror, acting as though lightning had struck her. Her expression was frozen, and her entire body appeared to be drained of blood! 
Bella stared at Xena in disbelief before turning to Justin, who was as calm as water. Her mind whirled in an instant, and she grasped the entire chain of events! 
Xena had been in a car accident and hospitalized before, but she had not died of brain damage and turned into a vegetable. Justin purposefully orchestrated the spread of such information. His goal was to lull Bethany into a false sense of safety and escape. Then, just as she was getting comfortable, he dropped this bombshell, catching her off guard and leaving her unable to recover.
###chapter450
Bella squinted her eyes and looked at Justin with curiosity. 
“This face… Why does she look so familiar?” Someone inquired. 
“Oh! I recall now, isn’t she the mistress of Headlines’ director, the man who was exposed as a cheater during a live broadcast?” 
“It’s surprising that she is still alive. If I were her, I would have dug myself a hole a long time ago. How can she still face the world?” 
“Well, I would rather die than live like this. But why is she here?” 
Xena’s hands trembled as she took a deep breath. “Everyone, I’ve come this time to act as a witness to a crime, to repent, and to apologize for my actions. I would like to apologize to Ms. Thompson, the general manager of the KS World Hotel. My name is Xena Gordon, and I work as a journalist for Headlines. My stupidity and greed for money drove me to disregard professional ethics and morals. I bribed. Ms. Thompson’s employees to steal Ada Wang’s wedding setup designs and sell them to other media outlets for publicity. As a result, Ms. Thompson breached her contract, causing the termination of the collaboration with Ada Wang.” 
Everyone was stunned. They had not anticipated the complexity of the story surrounding Bella and Ada Wang’s contract termination. The twists and turns were astonishing! 
People looked sympathetically and understandingly at Bella. Being known as Alexa had bestowed unprecedented grace on Bella. 
Everyone thought that Bella was as beautiful and pure as an angel. It seemed as though she would be better off residing in an ancient temple, shielded from the burdens and perils of the world.
“Ms. Gordon! Are you saying you were manipulated by someone ?!” 
“Who bribed you?” 
“What caused you to have a car accident? Could it be that the person. directing you was afraid you would reveal their identity and thus wanted to keep you quiet?” 
Reporters swarmed in, quickly encircling Xena. Conspiracies began to emerge one after the other. 
Xena closed her eyes and took a deep breath. When she opened her eyes again, she raised her hand and pointed straight at Bethany. 
“It was Ms. Salvador who ordered me to do it!” 
Bethany’s ears filled with a deafening buzz, feeling like everything had turned blank. She felt her vision blurring. 
Five nights ago, in a quiet hospital room, Xena leaned against the bed, tightly clutching the sheets. She lowered her gaze, looking subtly at the strikingly handsome man sitting in front of her with an overwhelming sense of oppression. Her hospital gown was soaked in layers of cold sweat. 
As he sat in the chair, Justin’s sharp features maintained an expressionless demeanor. Ian stood off to the side, giving Xena a cold stare. 
“Thank you for saving my life, Mr. Salvador,” Xena said cautiously, her voice trembling. 
“Do you know why I saved you?” Justin asked in a chilly tone as he toyed with a silver lighter in his palm. Xena was afraid to say anything. 
“Because you still have some value to me.” Justin snapped the lighter shut with a crisp sound, his long lashes downcast. “With a single word, I can either restore you to normalcy or render you a cripple for
the rest of your life. I can even make you vanish into thin air.” 
“Mr. Salvador! Please tell me your orders.” Xena was terrified, her whole body turning weak. “As long as I can help you achieve it, I will do my best! I will give you my all!” 
Justin’s dark eyes narrowed as he held an unlit cigarette between his fingers. 
“Identify Bethany Salvador as the culprit and restore my wife’s innocence.”
###chapter451
The charity auction ended amid a dramatic turn of events. 
Not only was this evening a historic high in terms of funds raised for any charity event hosted by Mint magazine, it also played out as a spectacle for the reporters in attendance due to the series of shocking revelations. 
Gregory immediately dispatched his secretary and lawyer to the scene after learning of the news. They led Shannon and the stunned Bethany past the onlookers and into the waiting car. They looked like rats scurrying around. 
“Ms. Gordon, I am the legal representative for the Salvador Corporation. Your public accusation of bribery for the theft of business information from the KS World Hotel will result in a defamation lawsuit if you have no concrete evidence. We will get to the bottom of this!” With those firm words, the lawyer walked away, leaving an unwavering stance behind. 
Xena found herself on the verge of a legal battle with the formidable Salvador Corporation. The looming threat of a lawsuit was enough to send shivers down her spine, but what truly terrified her was Justin’s overwhelming influence over her fate. He seemed to be capable of deciding her fate with a single thought. 
Justin looked at her, his gaze unwavering and unaffected. 
Terrified, Xena exclaimed, “I… I am speaking up because I have proof! Don’t expect me to be intimidated by wealth and power. I have turned over a new leaf, and I will not be manipulated into doing things. against my conscience!” 
In a difficult situation, the lawyer hesitantly looked towards Justin, seeking his opinion on the matter.
Justin remained cold and apathetic, as if he had no ties to the Salvador Corporation. “Go back and tell Chairman Salvador that Ms. Gordon and the entire KS World Hotel will go against him.” 
‘I will also be against him,’ Justin thought darkly. 
Even the lawyer could not shake an uneasy feeling after hearing this. Bella was the heiress of KS Group. If the situation became more serious, it would not only be an offense against her, but the entire Thompson family would be involved. Bella’s father and brothers, as well as the powerful Larson family behind Mila, were not to be underestimated. It seemed like playing with fire would be an invitation to disaster. 
“Wherever necessary, we should apologize and face the consequences. Blindly distorting the truth and supporting tyranny will only make the Salvador family a laughing stock,” Justin said coldly. 
He turned around with a cold grin on his face, looking for Bella. Only then did he realize that she had vanished without a trace. His heart was filled with a cold sense of abandonment. 
As Alice needed to get to other important appointments, Bella walked her to the underground parking lot. 
“Ms. Thompson, you really impressed me tonight,” Alice said as she hugged Bella softly. “I knew that Asher’s sister wouldn’t let me down.” 
Bella said with a modest smile, “That is because you’re seeing me through a filter, as I am Asher’s sister.” 
“No. Your personality, eloquence, thoughts, and character have. impressed me since the first time we met. I feel we could be great friends,” Alice said sincerely. 
“Well, wouldn’t it be great if we could be related?” Bella raised an eyebrow, teasing her.
Alice sensed the underlying meaning, and her normally serious face. blushed slightly. Her voice was soft as she said, “Darling, I will be 50 next year. I enjoy Asher’s company, but I shouldn’t hold him back.” 
“So what if you’re 50? There’s a 25-year age difference between my dad and his third wife, and they seem to be having a good time. together,” Bella told Alice with pride. “Life is short, Alice. Don’t make decisions you will later regret. Don’t be afraid to go after Asher if you really like him. You shouldn’t leave any regrets in life, even if things don’t work out.” 
“Alexa.” Alice called Bella by her pseudonym all of a sudden. “Have you made any decisions in your life that you wish you hadn’t? Any moments of regret?” 
There was a faint hint of pain in Bella’s heart, as if a sealed corner deep inside her had been quietly torn open, revealing a cruel crack. 
Even so, she curled her lips slightly and smiled to show that she understood. “Honestly, I have made decisions I wish I hadn’t. But now, I have no regrets whatsoever.” 
Bella thought to herself, ‘I regretted having married him, but I have no regrets because I tried my best.” 
It sounded contradictory, but it encapsulated her genuine feelings. 
Alice got into the car, and Bella watched her leave. 
“Alexa!”
###chapter452
“Ms. Thompson! Please wait a moment!” 
A swarm of reporters closed in around Bella, as if they had hit the jackpot. 
Steven was still dealing with the situation inside the hall at this point, leaving Bella alone with no bodyguards. Even though these reporters had no malicious intent, they put her in a difficult situation. 
“Ms. Alexa! How do you intend to hold Ms. Salvador accountable for imitating your work? Are you planning to sue her?” 
“Bethany incited the female journalist, Xena Gordon, to reveal KS World Hotel’s commercial secrets, resulting in the failure of your collaboration with Ada Wang. Will KS Group and Salvador Corporation settle this in court?” 
“Ada Wang recently stated unequivocally that she would end her collaboration with Salvador Corporation. Will you and Ada reconcile. and continue to collaborate?” 
Bella had been extremely busy all day. All of these questions wore her down, causing her stomach cramps to flare up once more. She clenched her hands tightly as a slight sheen of sweat formed on her forehead, and her complexion turned pale. 
Yet, her eyes remained clear and sharp as she stood there as gracefully as ever, not showing the slightest sign of illness. 
Before Bella could say anything, a slender figure emerged from the crowd and reached for her. He opened his arms, shielding her from the escalating chaos.
Her vision became blurry for a brief moment. The next second, a clear and melodious voice spoke in her ear. “KS Group will issue a statement later and respond to each of these questions. Ms. Thompson is feeling unwell at the moment, so please excuse her. I’m taking her to the hospital.” 
Bella’s pupils constricted as she stared in astonishment at 
Christopher’s solemn and concerned expression. He had not appeared in her presence all evening. How did he notice she was not feeling well? 
Lost in thought, the past three years of grievances, bitterness, and injustices vividly replayed in her mind. Justin had shown no regard for her during those trying times. Even when she struggled to leave her bed for days after the miscarriage and asked him to pour her a glass of warm water, he flatly refused. 
Even if Justin was not aware of her physical state at the time, his indifference to such an insignificant request showed how much he disregarded her. One’s love for another lies in the details. Her love for Justin had been tested in the last three years, leaving her scarred and defeated. 
Bella definitely regretted it, but she was willing to accept her losses because she only had herself to blame. 
Christopher noticed a glistening drop of sweat trickling down Bella’s brow, and a sharp pain shot through his chest. He supported her. His left arm naturally wrapped around her waist as he frowned. 
“Do you feel uneasy?” Christopher asked, his voice husky and close to her ear. 
“Yeah,” Bella said, exhaling gently. Another word would only aggravate the pain. 
“Can you hold it until we get to the hospital? Should I call an ambulance?” Christopher’s hand was around her waist, and every word whispered into her ear was filled with genuine affection.
She tugged at the corner of her lips, forcing a smile. “It’s okay. I won’t die.” 
Christopher was naturally reserved and apathetic, having never shown compassion for anyone except Bella. Seeing her in this frail state gradually softened his heart, and he felt an overwhelming desire to protect her. 
“Don’t worry, I’ve got you. I’ll take you to the hospital.” Christopher shielded her with his own body and guided her forward slowly. 
“Excuse me, sir. May I ask who you are?” The reporters could not help but gossip after witnessing Christopher’s intimate interaction with Bella. 
Christopher responded calmly, “Christopher Iverson.” 
Iverson, as in the Iverson Group? That was a billion-dollar behemoth, comparable to the Salvador Corporation! 
It made sense. Not just any ordinary man could approach Bella. How could someone be considered worthy of Bella Thompson if they did not come from a family like the Salvadors or Iversons? After all, she was the daughter of Hatchbay’s wealthiest man and a top-tier jewelry designer. 
“Mr. Iverson, may I ask what your relationship with Ms. Thompson is?” 
“Are you two dating?”
###chapter453
Bella was in excruciating pain at the moment. Despite this, she rolled her eyes when she heard those words. These media reporters were. truly lacking in creativity. Could a man and a woman only be a couple? Why could they not simply be friends? 
“I am Ms. Thompson’s protector.” 
Christopher lowered his gaze and stared lovingly at the person in his arms, as if the entire world had been cut off from him and only she mattered in this world. “I am also Ms. Thompson’s admirer.” 
Bella’s eyes widened in surprise as she heard those words. 
A collective gasp swept through the crowd as camera flashes illuminated the scene, revealing them to the media frenzy. These reporters were not just going about their business tonight. They were completely absorbed in their work, meticulously capturing every moment as it unfolded. 
Suddenly, another tall figure approached Bella’s side like a gust of wind. Without saying anything, Justin yanked Bella away from 
Christopher’s embrace, holding her waist with a vice-like grip. He led her out of the crowd silently and efficiently. 
“Justin! Let me go! Who the hell do you think you are?!” Bella winced in pain, but her attempts at resistance were futile. 
Justin, on the other hand, paid no attention to her rage. His throat. tightened, and the veins bulged on his forehead as he firmly resolved to escort her away. 
He looked crazed.
The onlookers were perplexed. So, Bella Thompson had two protectors? But there could only be one man by her side! 
Bella finally had enough when she arrived in a secluded corridor. She shook off his hand, shivering all over. 
But the moment she slipped from his grasp, he grabbed her slender wrist again, pulling her back into his embrace. He firmly gripped her lower back with another hand, pressing her against his chest, fearful that she would flee. 
He had not yearned for anything so desperately in a long time. And now, he could clearly feel that, no matter how clear-headed he was, his body craved her uncontrollably. 
“Justin! What the hell is wrong with you?!” 
Bella felt completely powerless. Her breathing was erratic, and the agonizing pain in her stomach caused her to cry. 
“What on earth do I have to do, Bella? What else do I need to do to get you to stop being so harsh on me?” Justin’s breathing was labored. 
His voice trembled as his eyes started welling up with tears. At this moment, Justin appeared enraged, embarrassed, and desperate. 
“Am I being harsh? Pft!” 
Bella shut her eyes. She was too frustrated to argue with or engage with this man, who appeared to be suffering from paranoid delusions and mental illness. She was sick of him. “Let go, or don’t blame me for hurting you. Three, two…”
“Do you think I’m incapable of protecting you? Or are you trying to humiliate me in this way?!” Justin clenched his hands as if he wanted to crush Bella’s wrists, his eyes turning red. 
He had just seen Christopher confess to her in public. 
His ex-wife, his wife, his… woman. 
However, another man was caring for her, even making attempts to win her heart by claiming her as his own. 
At that moment, his heart was experiencing pain equal to that of a thousand horses trampling over it. His body sank heavily, as if stepping into an abyss. 
“One.” Bella’s expression became cold as she said the final word. 
“Bella…” 
Whoosh-! 
The next second, Bella’s lips curled in disdain. A sharp butterfly knife was pressed against Justin’s chest.
###chapter454
Justin felt a strong shiver run through his body. Once husband and wife, he never envisioned reaching a point where they were at odds with each other. 
Though the sharp butterfly knife had not yet made contact with his skin, it felt as if it had pierced his heart. 
“The last person to greet me in this manner was Mr. Hoffman. But he wisely kept his distance from me.” Bella tilted her head, her beautiful eyes cold and emotionless. “Mr. Salvador, given your self- righteousness, I don’t think I need to stab this knife into your body to make you understand the situation, do I?” 
Justin ignored her threat and asked in a hoarse voice. “What’s so appealing about him?” 
“What did you say?” Bella blinked, surprised. 
“Christopher Iverson… What is it about him that is so appealing?” Justin approached her slowly, his eyes red. He could not care less about what was pressed against his chest or that Bella was ruthless. and capable of anything. 
“Take a step back, Justin!” Bella widened her almond-shaped eyes, stepping back with each stride while maintaining a firm grip. The butterfly knife pressed against his chest did not budge. “Do you think I wouldn’t stab you?” 
“Why do you insist on being with him? Is it just to take revenge on me?” Justin locked his gaze on her, his voice trembling and husky. 
Unaware, the knife’s tip had pierced his suit, penetrating his flesh.
“Isn’t being with him the same as being with you? What’s all the fuss about?” Bella thought that Justin was absurd. “Besides, I have been with you for three years. Didn’t you drive me away yourself?” 
Every word she said was like a dagger to his heart. Justin took a deep breath, and the pain in his chest felt as if it had taken root and spread to every nerve in his body. Everything she said was undeniably true. It was cruel, and it made him feel helpless. 
“Bella!” 
Bella’s heart quickened as she turned her gaze to see Christopher, who was standing a few steps away. His eyes were filled with anxious anticipation. 
“Bella, you’re still not feeling well. Please let me take you to the hospital.” As he reached out to her, Christopher’s gentle eyes were filled with concern. 
Rather than engaging in the mundane competition of wooing Bella away from Justin, he took a different approach. He chose to care for her, protect her, and show her both warmth and concern. That way, he could show her who loved her the most. 
“Alright, I’m coming.” Bella quickly retracted the butterfly knife with her nimble fingers and walked toward Christopher without looking. back. She seemed to have already decided between the two. It was self-evident who she chose to abandon. 
Justin remained motionless, a cloud of sorrow and absurdity obscuring his entire being.. 
Bella approached Christopher but did not take his hand. “Let’s go,” Bella said gently. 
Christopher’s fingertips trembled slightly as he drew his hand back.” Okay.” 
The two walked shoulder to shoulder, like a perfect couple, leaving in a dignified manner under Justin’s melancholy and embarrassed gaze. It was not until the corridor was empty that Justin slowly raised his
hand to cover the wound. His eyes were filled with a painful and poignant expression. 
“Bella, all I want is for you to notice me.” 
Christopher took Bella to the hospital right away. When she arrived at the hospital, the pain overwhelmed her, making it difficult for her to exit the car. She clutched her abdomen with all her might, her mind blank and her face devoid of color. 
A chronic stomach problem had plagued her as a result of the tumultuous times when she worked with Doctors without Borders, < going through periods of famine amid chaos. 
“Mr. Iverson! I will get a wheelchair right away!” The secretary was visibly nervous, sweating profusely. 
“No need. I will handle it.” Christopher got out of the car and gently carried Bella out. He strode into the hospital with firm steps and with Bella in his arms. 
“It hurts… It really hurts…” Bella panted, weakly leaning against him. 
“Bella, I know you have warned me not to touch you casually.” Christopher wrapped his arms around her soft and delicate body, as if he wanted to embed her in his chest. “But you must bear with it for now, Bella… Don’t hold this against me, okay?” His tone was extremely gentle, with a hint of coaxing. 
The secretary, who was watching from the side, was surprised to see this side of Christopher. Christopher was known for his coldness and indifference, but he was so tender and warm with Bella. Even his heart of stone had softened for Bella. It would be her loss if she did not marry Christopher. 
After a long struggle late at night, Bella was finally given an intravenous drip. She fell asleep on the hospital bed. Perhaps because of their childhood bond or her weakened state, Bella, who had always been wary of unfamiliar men, surprisingly let her guard down and allowed Christopher to stay by her side.
###chapter455
The sweet breath of the delicate woman filled the quiet hospital room. Christopher sat by Bella’s bedside in the same position, keeping a close eye on her. 
Bella rolled over, a soft whimper escaping from the depths of her throat. Christopher felt a numbing sensation wash over him. 
For years, whether in Savrow or Sentania, countless charming and beautiful women had offered themselves to him one after the other. Surprisingly, the more of this occurred, the less interested he became. He thought women were more troublesome than stubborn barnacles stuck to the hull of a boat. 
But Bella was different. Only Bella could be so daring with him and do whatever she wanted. Even if it meant engaging in shady activities, he was not afraid of the consequences, as long as he could continue to spoil her. 
Christopher’s intense gaze deepened. He reached out instinctively, eager to delicately caress the face that lingered in his dreams. 
Suddenly, his phone vibrated. It was a message from the secretary. 
[Mr. Iverson, Ms. Thompson’s family is here to pick her up. They are right at the entrance.] 
Christopher adjusted his gold-rimmed glasses and opened the door to the ward. The tall figures of Asher, Axel, and Steven stood before him in the corridor like three formidable icebergs. 
“Please accept my sincere apologies, Mr. Thompson.” Christopher seized the initiative right away. “Bella had a severe stomachache and could not even walk, so I had to take her to the hospital first. I was unable to notify you in time.”
Steven’s lips tightened into a pale line, unable to accept this man taking Bella away without permission. 
“Mr. Iverson, you-” 
Steven was about to say something when Asher motioned for him to calm down. Instead, he turned to face Christopher with a cold smile. Thank you for bringing Bella to the hospital, Mr. Iverson. But you were aware that we were looking for our little sister, and yet you repeatedly ignored my calls and eventually turned off your phone. What did you mean by that?” 
Axel’s brow furrowed deeply, displeasure visible in his eyes. This man had the audacity to take away their precious little sister! Did he think they would not do anything to him? 
Christopher, with a tender smile, adopted a humble stance. “I apologize. I was solely concerned with Bella at the time and wanted. her to sleep soundly. I did not think much further than that.” 
“Hmm, what exactly do you mean? Are we not solely concerned about Bella?” The words irritated Axel, and his rage erupted instantly. 
“It is only natural for both of you to shower her with affection and love as her elder brothers,” Christopher stated calmly. “Given your unwavering devotion to Bella, you should not mind having one more man in the world who adores her, right?” 
Axel and Steven were completely taken aback. This man was incredibly direct, openly declaring his admiration for Bella without 
hesitation in front of them. There was no one with such unrestrained emotions in the Thompson family. Even Bella, who was adored by everyone, was decisive and confident. She had never expressed her emotions so passionately and openly.
If she had been this brave back then, daring to express herself, she would not have suffered so much and endured so many grievances at Justin’s hands. 
Meanwhile, Asher’s gaze deepened as he heard these words. At this point, he had to admit that his father had a sharp eye. He was not entirely unreasonable in his opposition to Bella’s association with Christopher. 
This man, despite appearing gentle and devoted to Bella, made Asher uneasy. A subtle sense of intrusion pressed against his chest. 
“Wait for me, Axel. I’ll go get Bella.” Asher, with a stern expression on his face, was about to open the door of the ward when he came to a halt next to Christopher. “Mr. Iverson, we have plenty of people here. who care for her. It would be inconvenient to bother you any further. Please leave.” 
Christopher walked toward the parking lot with a relaxed expression, seemingly unaffected by anything. 
“Mr. Iverson, do those two Thompson brothers have an issue with you? They’re practically showing their disdain earlier.” His secretary asked, frustrated. 
“In-laws have never liked each other. After all, Bella is their cherished little princess. How could they let another man take her away?” 
Christopher raised an eyebrow. “It doesn’t matter. In the end, I want to marry Bella, not them. I don’t care how they perceive me.” 
The secretary was still resentful. “I can’t help but feel sorry for you. You used to have a lot of power in Sentania. You were essentially the uncrowned king. Why subject yourself to Savrow’s scrutiny and endure this kind of treatment?”
“Sentania… I had everything there, but so what?” Christopher adjusted his glasses, his eyes sparkling with a cold, sharp light. “I was born. with a silver spoon, but I had to live by myself in Sentania. While others see the glamor, only I understand the agony of each day in Sentania. If not for those filthy Iverson family members and Lance’s heartlessness, the entire Iverson Group would have been under my control.” 
Suddenly, his eyes turned red. “And Bella… Why did she have to marry Justin, that beast? She should have been my wife a long time ago!” 
The secretary shivered and bowed respectfully as he looked at the somewhat agitated Christopher. 
“I want Iverson Group, and I want Bella as well. I must reclaim everything I have lost!”
###chapter456
The next morning, Bella awoke to find herself back in Hatchbay. 
“Was I teleported here?!” she exclaimed. 
“Ouch!” She pinched her cheek to make sure she was not dreaming. 
‘So, I really am at home,’ Bella thought. 
Mila and Sasha entered the room at that point to visit Bella. Sasha teased Bella, “Teleport? You wish!” 
“Bella, how are you? Is your stomach still hurting?” Mila walked over to the bedside and sat down. She gently caressed Bella’s sunken cheek. “You’ve lost weight again. Have you been working too hard. recently?” 
“Bella, I think you shouldn’t return to Savrow, that god-forsaken place. Why don’t you just stay at home?” Sasha said, her eyes reddened with concern. “You’re the darling of our family. You should be pampered and cherished like a princess here. Why bother with competing with those boorish men? Whatever you want, just let us know. Even if you want to eat Bobo, I’ll have it prepared for you as sashimi!” 
Bella could not help but laugh. “I’ll pass on that offer, Aunt Sasha. Alligator sashimi is a little too exotic for me.” 
“Sasha doesn’t know how to express her concern. She cares for you a lot.” Mila felt her heart ache. She was filled with self-blame. “You’ve been through so much. I won’t be able to explain it to your mother. Before she left us, she entrusted us to let you grow up worry-free and not to let you suffer.””
“For heaven’s sake, it was just a stomachache. A minor ailment.” Bella waved her hand, feeling that the whole situation was exaggerated. 
Sasha’s eyes widened like copper bells. “A minor ailment? Don’t you know when you were a child, we would worry for days on end when you had the slightest cough?” 
“Bella, your father stayed up all night because of your illness. He was waiting for you to wake up and didn’t even have breakfast.” Mila sighed. Both the father and daughter pair were stubborn and difficult to deal with.. 
“How can that be?” Bella, who had been lazily lying down, sat up abruptly upon hearing that Wyatt hadn’t eaten due to her. “Wait for me. I’ll go over and pry open his mouth to feed him!” 
Suddenly, she asked, “By the way, how did I come back last night?” 
Sasha replied, “Asher carried you back.” 
‘Of course, it would be Ash. Big brother is always so reliable.” Bella thought to herself. 
Sasha said with a frown, “But when Asher brought you back, his expression wasn’t great. I rarely see him in such a mood. Girl, what did you do to him?” 
Bella was stunned and said, “How could I even dare do anything to 
Ash? I only make trouble for outsiders, but never for my family. Your all know that.” 
Mila and Sasha said simultaneously, “So, he did something to someone else.” 
Bella rubbed her sore forehead. She turned over and got out of bed. Well, let’s not worry about that now. I’ll go see Wyatt first.” 
In the study, Wyatt sat on the sofa, sighing. His brows were furrowed
Recalling the previous night when Asher brought Bella back from Savrow. Her face was pale, and she squirmed in pain even in her sleep. His heart felt uncomfortable, as if it were being stabbed with a knife. 
“Chairman, have you looked at the trending searches today? The internet is full of praise for Ms. Bella. They are making her out to be a goddess descended into the mortal realm.” Quentin said, trying to lighten up the mood. 
“A goddess? I think she’s more like a mischievous monkey. She won’t be happy until she creates trouble!” Wyatt snapped and slapped the armrest in frustration. “Is it so hard for her to just be a pampered, wealthy heiress? Does she have to create chaos to feel content?” 
Celeste blinked in surprise, her bright eyes showing bewilderment. Wyatt, do you… Did you already know that Alexa is Bella’s pseudonym?” 
“She’s my daughter. Apart from the fact that I didn’t know she married that Salvador boy, what else is there that I don’t know about her?” 
Wyatt exclaimed as he slapped his thighs in frustration. 
The little girl he used to change diapers for is now gradually going wild in her pursuits. Her actions were becoming increasingly unpredictable, and he found it harder and harder to manage. 
“Well, you should be proud of Bella, then,” Celeste suggested. 
The thought of Bella being Alexa excited Celeste, and her delicate cheeks flushed. “A top-tier jewelry designer! The Queen of Inalia wears her jewelry at state banquets. Mila and Sasha say this. accomplishment is worth boasting about for a lifetime. It’s a glory our family!”
“Celeste, it’s not that I don’t appreciate Bella’s talent. It’s just that I feel she’s too flamboyant and unrestrained in her actions. She has been doing things with such a domineering attitude in Savrow, so she’ll make enemies and get into trouble!” Wyatt massaged his temples in frustration. 
Wyatt added, “Nowadays, people are not to be trusted. They are all harboring ill intentions. I’m afraid she might be plotted against! Even if I have connections and can help her out, it might be too late by the time we act.” 
At that moment, the door opened, and Bella swaggered in with at radiant face. 
“Hmph! Let me take a look. Which little brat here isn’t obedient? If you don’t eat properly, I’ll pry open your treasure trove and donate all those vases and pots to the old folks’ home to use as chamber pots!” 
“Bella, are you feeling alright?” Celeste quickly asked with concern.
###chapter457
“Don’t worry, Aunt Celeste. I’m okay.” Bella reassured Celeste while. hugging her gorgeous stepmother. 
“Both of you can talk. I’ll go prepare some snacks for you.” Celestel indicated that Wyatt was still upset by raising her hands above her head in the shape of horns. 
Bella gave an “OK” sign and winked at her as Celeste turned to leave. Quentin tactfully left as well. 
“Wyatt, I overheard everything you said to Aunt Celeste just now from outside.” 
Bella sat down next to her elderly father and embraced him like a friend. She rested her head against his and said, “Dad, you really underestimate me. My arrogance shows I have the confidence and ability to be arrogant. None of those domestic canaries can compete with a true phoenix like me.” 
“Yeah, you are my golden phoenix, but the wild chickens are always pecking at you. Doesn’t that bother you?” Wyatt shook his head helplessly. “Why are you provoking them? I constantly have to worry about you because of the chaos it is creating.” 
“Wild chickens? Are you talking about the Salvadors?” Bella couldn’t help but laugh, her voice as melodious as a nightingale. “Wyatt, your tongue is even sharper than mine. I admit I was a bit rude to you just now.” 
“You know your old man is just afraid you might suffer because of your stubbornness. I want nothing but the best for you!” Wyatt indulgently hugged his daughter. Suddenly, he remembered. something and frowned, asking, “You made a fuss at the Salvadors event. As the president of Salvador Corporation, didn’t Justin give you a hard time?” 
Bella’s heart fluttered slightly, and she shook her head. “No, and he even played a part in this incident. initially thought that the female. reporter who came forward to accuse Bethany was unconscious. It
turns out Justin had secretly helped her and brought her to the charity event.” 
Wyatt raised an eyebrow. “Hmm? What do you mean?” 
“He used the event to solve his own problems. That guy has quite a few tricks up his sleeve. No wonder he’s held onto the president position so securely over the years.” 
Wyatt sneered, unable to resist teasing her, “You’ve been married to him for three years and haven’t been schemed against. That’s quite fortunate.” 
“Wyatt, the one who dares to mess with me hasn’t been born yet.” Bella flashed her white teeth, resembling a young lioness. 
At that moment, Wyatt’s phone rang. Bella picked it up from the coffee table for her father and glanced at the screen, her eyes darkening. 
“Who is it?” Wyatt asked. 
Bella replied with a cold expression, “It’s Gregory Salvador.” 
Wyatt commented, “Oh, if it isn’t your ex-father-in-law.” 
“Dad!” Bella blushed with anger, a rare sight for someone who was not easily provoked. 
Wyatt cleared his throat and calmly pressed the speaker button.” 
What’s the matter, Chairman Salvador?” 
“Chairman Thompson, I’d like to talk to you about last night’s incident.” 
Despite his usual proud and arrogant attitude, Gregory displayed a more subdued attitude this time. His tone was amiable. “I’ll be heading to Hatchbay shortly. Can I invite you for a casual meal and some
tea?” 
“I don’t think you and I have much business to discuss lately.” Wyatt hinted with a smirk, patting his daughter’s head. “Besides, my daughter is back, and I have to spend time with her. If you have anything to say, say it here.” 
Gregory paused, chuckling nervously. “Chairman Thompson, there must have been some misunderstanding regarding the charity. auction last night. The receipt wasn’t signed by my daughter, Bethany. It was forged, so it’s not valid.” 
“Chairman Salvador, I think it’s pointless for us to discuss anything here concerning the matter of your daughter imitating my daughter’s work. Let your legal team talk to my legal team.” Wyatt maintained a completely indifferent attitude. 
“Chairman Thompson! Are you really planning to sue us over this trivial matter?” Gregory seemed visibly anxious. 
“Trivial?” Wyatt’s expression instantly turned cold. “Anything related to my daughter is a big deal to me.” 
Bella was seated at Wyatt’s side like a docile kitten as she listened in on their conversation. 
Hearing his words, her eyes sparkled with admiration. She seemed to better understand why her mother chose this flirtatious playboy. 
“Chairman Thompson, it seems there’s nothing left for us to discuss, is that right?” Gregory asked, suppressing his anger. 
Wyatt’s gaze turned icy. He rubbed his cheekbone and said, “As I grow older, I become more petty. In business, I can weigh the pros and cons, but I won’t compromise when it comes to my family. In short,
whoever messes with my daughter, I’ll mess with them.”
###chapter458
Overnight, Bethany was once again the focus of the internet’s trending searches. Her every move sent shockwaves. Not only that, she caused Salvador Corporation’s stocks to plummet by hundreds of millions in a single day. It was truly a remarkable feat.
Following the incident, Ada Wang publicly announced the termination of her cooperation with the Salvador Hotel. The subsequent day witnessed a further escalation in trending searches, accompanied by a drastic plunge in Salvador Corporation’s stocks. The online criticism of Bethany has never ceased.
[Some wealthy young ladies are phoenixes, while others are not even as good as ordinary hens. Ms. Thompson is beautiful, kind-hearted, and talented. She can manage hotels and design jewelry. But some only know how to use deceitful and underhanded methods. It’s embarrassing to think that this is the treatment Ada Wang received for her first visit to Savrow!]
[Don’t compare Bethany Salvador with our lovely Ms. Thompson/Alexa. She’s not worthy!]
[I’m not surprised that Bethany would do this. Like father, like daughter. If you know, you know.]
[Seriously, is there anyone decent in the Salvador family?! What kind of evil family is this? Can the relevant authorities investigate them?]
In response to the crisis, Justin utilized his authority as president to convene an emergency high-level meeting without even informing Gregory. Bethany’s designated seat at the meeting table remained empty. She had been claiming illness and avoiding people for the past few days, probably too ashamed to face anyone.
“I’ll cut to the chase.” Justin leaned forward, his tall, elegant figure exuding authority. His fingers were interlaced, and his dark eyes were intimidating. “I assume everyone here knows what happened during the charity event at KS World Hotel last time.”
The room fell silent, with everyone nodding in agreement.
“On behalf of the Salvador Corporation, I will announce the outcome of the resolution.” Justin’s gaze darkened as he motioned with a finger.
Ian promptly produced an official document and read aloud:
“Regarding the detrimental impact caused by Ms. Bethany Salvador, a director of the Salvador Corporation, we hereby announce the punitive measures. As of today, Ms. Salvador is dismissed from her position as a director, her hotel project planning authority is revoked, and she is directed to actively cooperate with the police investigation. As for the serious consequences arising from Ms. Salvador’s mishandling of the Ada Wang wedding planning incident, it is deemed her personal conduct, and the Salvador Corporation will not assume responsibility. Any losses incurred due to the infringement of KS World Hotel’s rights will be borne solely by Ms. Salvador, and the Salvador Corporation will not provide any assistance.”
The crowd was shocked. A murmur swept through.
Bethany was the chairman’s daughter and Justin’s sister. Even if they were not particularly close due to having different mothers, the severity of this decision was surprising. Though one should reap what one sows, Justin’s ruthlessness toward his own family was astounding!
“No! I do not accept this punishment!” A sharp and piercing voice cut through the room. Shannon, adorned in jewels, assumed the posture of the chairman’s wife and entered forcefully.
Justin raised a cold eyebrow, his voice carrying a chilling tone as he said, “Secretary Harris, people unrelated to this meeting should not be present in the conference room.”
Ian moved swiftly and intercepted Shannon. “Mrs. Salvador, the president is currently in a meeting. I kindly ask you to leave immediately.”
“Who do you think you are? How dare you drive me away?!” Unable to contain her anger upon hearing the resolution, Shannon took out her frustration on Ian. She grabbed his collar and tore at it viciously. “I am the chairman’s wife! The entire company belongs to the Salvador family. Why should I leave?!”
The executives in the room cast sidelong glances at this furious woman. If she didn’t announce herself as the chairman’s wife, she might come across as a common shrew.
Justin slowly curled his thin lips, his eyes revealing a cold mockery. “Mrs. Salvador, there is no position at the Salvador Group called ‘the chairman’s wife’.”
“Justin… you!” Shannon’s eyes turned red with anger.
The executives emitted low, mocking laughter.
“As for the resolution on Bethany, I have already issued the official end will be and do the art of every employee in the
Bitch The warli change a thing the thuang
We Chair Shannon fara sanud dating gate the staggered
sha kur kamen diejek on the back of her hand with a club. instead of addeening far as an
“Mc Guarry”
###chapter459
Clearly, Justin was humiliating her. Sure enough, the way everyone. looked at her gradually changed, revealing a trace of contempt and disdain. 
“Even if you’re the president, you can’t handle the decisions of the. company’s board arbitrarily! The chairman should make a decision in this situation! How can you act unilaterally?!” Shannon found herself helpless and could only bring up Gregory to suppress him. 
Justin’s thin lips curled slightly as he asked with a light tone, “Ms. Quarry, are you implying that the chairman will definitely tolerate Bethany’s actions, even if she is suspected of commercial theft and fraud? Even if she caused the company’s stock to plummet by billions, of dollars overnight, the chairman would still want to preserve her position on the board just because she’s the chairman’s daughter?” 
Justin asked several questions in a row. Each question was like a knife, striking at the heart of the matter! 
The senior executives looked at Shannon with sharp scrutiny. 
Shannon was angered to the point where her whole body felt cold and numb. Her scalp tingled with humiliation, as if she were stripped. naked in public. 
“I understand that there’s no absolute fairness in the workplace. The fairness we see is like a gorgeous robe, and when you flip it open, it’s infested with lice.” Justin’s eyes shined brightly as he spoke with conviction, “However, as long as I am the president of this company, I will not let these lice wreak havoc. As long as I am here, they will not see the light of day.”
He didn’t utter a single word of insult toward Shannon. But Shannon felt like she had been verbally splattered with blood and mud. 
As his words fell, the scene suddenly became quiet. A few seconds later, the eyes of the senior executives sparkled, evidently moved by Justin’s resolute speech, and applause thundered through the room. 
The news of Shannon causing a scene in the high-level meeting quickly circulated throughout the company. Employees gathered around the pantry, laughing about the chairman’s wife and her absurd clown-like behavior. 
“Can you believe she barged into a board meeting like that? What kind. of manners is that? It’s not even appropriate for a dog!” 
The news of Bethany’s dismissal was also sent out to everyone via email. 
“Well, she’s finally removed. Thank goodness for small mercies!” 
“What small mercies? It’s thanks to Mr. Salvador! When I get back, I’m putting up Mr. Salvador’s handsome photo for daily worship. He’s the true deity!” 
“Does this count as cutting ties with one’s own kin?” 
“Nah! This is righteous retribution! Besides, they are just half siblings.” 
“Hahaha, I don’t care! Bethany had it coming!” 
Although there was no salary increase or bonus, it was immensely satisfying to see the mother-and- daughter pair suffer a setback. Back in the office, lan was so excited that he almost jumped in joy.
“Mr. Salvador! It’s so satisfying to see that old hag take such a big hit and become the laughingstock of the entire company! Even a foot massage doesn’t feel as good!” 
Justin gave lan a casual glance and remarked, “Do you often go for foot massages? Are you under a lot of stress working for me?” 
“Uh, well… Not exactly!” lan waved his hands awkwardly. “It’s a metaphor! A metaphor, Mr. Salvador!” 
“Has the investigation begun?” Justin walked to the sofa and seated himself elegantly. 
“I heard that Young Madam’s secretary has submitted evidence to the prosecutor, and a media ban has been issued. Bethany can’t escape. now.” lan was so delighted that he called Bethany by name without reservation. 
“Hmm.” Justin’s gaze remained profound, and his expression. remained calm. After all, it wasn’t him but Bella who would be dealing with Shannon and Bethany. He simply wanted to help her in any way. he could. 
“By the way, Mr. Salvador, I inquired at the hospital after that incident. 
Young Madam had a stomach cramp and remained at the hospital until midnight.” lan frowned. 
Justin pressed his thin lips tightly, his heart entangled in an indescribable worry that tightened with each passing moment. 
“So… Do you want to find an excuse to go see Young Madam? How about I buy some medicine and deliver it to her on your behalf?” 
“Do I need an excuse to go see her?” Justin’s brows furrowed with frustration. 
“No, of course not,” lan stammered.
Justin added, “Besides, why would I go and deliver anything to her?”
###chapter460
The corners of Justin’s stiff lips tugged, and his ink-black eyes fille with bitterness. “Isn’t Christopher by her side? At the very least, she has a band of brothers. Why should go and make her feel better? Am I that foolish?” 
Anxious for Justin’s situation, lan blurted out, “Mr. Salvador! Your current position in Young Madam’s heart is not favorable! Being foolish is your only way out now! If you don’t act foolishly, Young Madam won’t come back!” 
Before lan finished speaking, Justin shot him a cold glance. lan was so startled that he choked on his saliva and coughed several times. 
“We are divorced. Once broken, a mirror can’t be mended. I have not intention of winning her back.” Justin felt suffocated in his chest. His voice was deep and hoarse, as if he swallowed all the bitterness in the world. “What is mine will not leave me. It’s pointless to chase after what is not mine. I have never regretted letting her go… Ever.” 
Shannon returned to Tideview Manor with a heart full of grievances. From the moment she entered, she burst into tears. She entered the study and clung to Gregory. Tears and snot flowed freely from her face. 
“Greg! How can Justin be so heartless? Bethany is his sister! It’s already too much that he’s not helping her. How can he dismiss Bethany from her position? How will she hold her head up in the company from now on?! He wants to establish a dictatorship in the company. He wants to control everything. After becoming president, he looks down on you more!” 
“I gave the order to dismiss her.” Gregory felt irritated and pushed her away slowly. “I made Justin dismiss Bethany.” Strangely, in the past, Shannon’s tears had always been effective on him. But now,
seeing her cry made him uncomfortable. He just wanted to find a quiet place to be alone. 
During such moments, he couldn’t help but unconsciously think about. Justin’s mother. She was inherently a cold and stubborn woman. She had never shed a tear for him, nor had she looked at him with affection and indulgence like Shannon did. 
For most of his life, Gregory’s greatest regret was never truly conquering Justin’s mother. Shannon appeared during that most sensitive period and fulfilled his vanity as a man and his desire to conquer a woman. 
If only she had yielded to him back then, would their relationship have reached such a point? 
Gregory knew he loved Justin’s mother. Perhaps even more than she loved him. 
“Greg… What are you saying?” Shannon lifted her tear-swollen face, and her eyes were filled with astonishment. 
“With this matter at hand, how can I support her in holding onto the position? If I forcefully support her, what about my dignity as the chairman? What about the prestige? How will the outside world view the Salvador Corporation?” Gregory’s tone was icy, and he clearly felt unhappy. 
Shannon asked tearfully, “Is our child important, or is the chairman’s reputation more important?” 
“I am Bethany’s father.” Gregory turned away and pinched the bridge of his nose. “But I am also at the helm of the Salvador Corporation! You can pamper the child limitlessly, but I cannot disregard the entire company!” 
“Greg! How can you say such things? Have you grown tired of me?! Don’t you love me anymore?!” In a moment of anger, Shannon asked a foolish question, one that many men find most repulsive.
“Now Wyatt has made it clear that he will stand by Bella to the end, and we will likely face a legal battle. I am swamped with work right now, and I am in no mood to argue with you about these matters! 
Instead of crying and making a scene here, why don’t you focus on disciplining your own daughter!” Filled with resentment, Gregory abruptly stood up, causing Shannon to tumble onto the sofa. 
“Do you know how much trouble Bethany has caused over the years? I wiped her bottom when she was little. Now, she’s 25. Do I still need to clean up her mess?” 
Shannon shivered in fear. “Greg…” 
“I just don’t understand. Both are my flesh and blood. But why is Mary’s child so reassuring? Over the years, Justin has managed the company in such an orderly fashion that it has surpassed the Iverson. 
Group, which has always been on par with us. His achievements are remarkable! But what about you? What can your children do besides causing trouble for the family? Stop running around recklessly and stay home to reflect on yourself.” 
After saying this, Gregory decisively left the room. With a bang, the door was slammed shut. Shannon’s eyes were now crimson and filled with angry and sorrowful tears, which rolled down her cheeks. 
“Mary?! So, you still can’t forget that damn bitch! Haha… But even if you can’t forget, so what? In the end, she still died in my hands, dead without peace.” 
Shannon was crying and laughing at the same time, like a mentally unsound person. She remembered the words Justin said to her in the meeting earlier today, and it fueled her anger even more. 
“Mary, it’s not enough that you’re dead… I want your most beloved son to be ruined as well!”
###chapter461
Chapter 461
Things were chaotic over at the Salvadors’. 
Meanwhile, Bella enjoyed basking in the sunlight while swinging at Yara Park. 
No one but her would occupy the swing. 
Her father, Wyatt, made the swing especially for her mother. It was said that her mother would enjoy a nice swing, her feet bare against the wind. On occasion, she would lie down for a nap under the gentle afternoon sun. 
Wyatt would always be there to push Yara on the swing. Their lovely shadows intertwined under the sunlight, yo-yoing back and forth. He would sometimes nestle with her in silence and enjoy the blooming flowers and rolling clouds. 
Later, Yara passed away. 
Still, Wyatt did not stop telling the household staff to clean the swing every day. 
It was as if Yara was away on a holiday and would be back once she had had enough fun. 
“Ms. Bella, Ada has expressed tremendous interest in adopting our service again. She wants to invite you to dinner and properly apologize to you.” 
Steven pushed Bella on the swing. “She couldn’t get in touch with you, so she contacted me. She’s been bombarding my phone with calls in the last two days.” 
“It’s a good opportunity for you to practice your foreign language.” Bella chomped on another bite of the apple.
“You’re making fun of me again.” Steven let out a wry face, his eyes falling on her moving lips. 
Her lips were full, luscious, and more tempting than the apple in her hand. 
He swallowed hard. 
“If it were in the past, you would have accepted her invitation for the interest of the hotel even if you didn’t want to.” 
Bella munched on her apple and tapped her toes on the ground. “But I’m her idol now because I’m Alexa. I can’t just accept her invitation right away. My single appearance as Alexa has served its purpose.” 
“That’s true. Ada has been rude to you, and if there’s one thing she should take away from, it’s that crossing you comes with consequences.” 
“That’s not entirely so. I’m just feeling a little tired lately, so I’m not in the mood to socialize.” 
Bella yawned. “Besides, the Mint event was a success, so we can afford to lose the collaboration with Ada.” 
Either way, Ada shot herself in the foot for shutting Bella out previously: 
Bella’s phone rang. 
Although Bella was hesitant to accept a call from an unknown number, she still answered it in the end. 
“Hello, is this Ms. Anna Brown?” 
Bella was brought back to the past.
It had been a while since she heard the name. 
Those words unearthed a dormant memory buried deep inside her. 
“Hello there, I’m Anna.” 
“Ms. Brown, I’m calling from Mount Jaglee National Forest Park. I’m the new captain of the park rangers and a student of Frank. You can call me Xavier.” 
Unbeknownst to the man on the other end of the line, he was talking, to the well-known heiress of the Thompsons. 
Mount Jaglee was the national forest park where Bella first met Justin.
###chapter462
Chapter 462
Bella and Justin had met at Mount Jaglee National Forest Park for the first time thirteen years ago. 
It was the place where Justin saved Bella’s life. 
“Oh? So you’re a student of Frank? Is Frank no longer the captain?” Bella’s eyes lit up at the mention of an old friend. 
“Yeah, Frank will be retiring next month. He’ll be performing his last rounds this month. Once he does the final handover, he will be returning to his hometown.” 
Xavier sighed. “I saw your name in Frank’s list of contacts, so you must be important to him. He expressed his wish to have a quiet retirement, but I hope you could make time to visit him and give him good farewell. Frank has pancreatic cancer, so we don’t know if we’ll ever get to see him again.” 
“What? Frank has…” Bella sat up straight, her heart aching. 
“When he received his diagnosis, the pancreatic cancer was already in its advanced stage. You understand. The pancreatic cancer spreads fast.” Xavier choked with sobs. 
“I see.” 
Bella murmured with a heavy heart, “I’ll make time to visit Frank.” 
“Please don’t let him know what I told you. He’s a proud man who doesn’t want to show vulnerability. He doesn’t want to a pity party, so 
“I understand. I’ve known Frank for thirteen years. I know him well. Don’t worry about it.” 
After the phone call, Bella sat vacantly on the swing. Moments later, her eyes welled up.
“Ms. Bella, who is Frank? Uh… What’s wrong?” 
Steven got down on one knee and pulled out a clean handkerchief to wipe her tears. 
“An old friend.” 
It took a lot for Bella to move her lips as her heart bled. “Help me to get in touch with any successful gastroenterologist in Savrow and Hatchbay, Steve. I want to do everything in my power to help my friend.” 
“Alright. I’ll get straight to it,” Steven said in a serious tone. He respected Bella’s privacy and dropped the questions when she was not ready to talk. 
Another call quickly came in. 
This time, it was Bella’s adorable apprentice, Roza Walker. 
“Roza…” 
Bella had just pulled herself together when Roza’s loud voice threatened to burst her eardrums. “Ah! You liar! You’re Bella 
Thompson, heiress of KS Group, and Alexa, the legendary jewelry designer… I can’t believe you kept it from me. Sob, sob… I want to call the cops on you. You tricked me!” 
“Did you just find out? That’s slow.” 
Bella sneered and grabbed the handkerchief from Steven to blow her nose. “I should play more tricks on you since I’m a trickster, according to you.”
After the utter humiliation from Justin, things did not get any better for Shannon when she approached Gregory. In fact, she broke the character of being a devoted, gentle, and loving wife. 
Unable to let it go, Shannon took Bethany, who cried her eyes out, to the Hoffmans’ residence in the middle of the night. 
“You can’t get anything right.” 
Annoyed by Bethany’s crying, Shannon poked her head with her red- painted fingernail and drew blood. “Before, you took Rosalind’s side because the scheming bitch was going to be your sister-in-law. You thought you could handle her.”
###chapter463
Chapter 463
“But you were careless, and Rosalind played you like a fiddle. If I hadn’t acted quickly and come to your rescue, your grandfather and father would have turned you away after what you did at your grandfather’s birthday celebration.” 
“I’m Dad’s favorite. How could he abandon me?” Not having it, Bethany talked back. 
Smack! 
Livid, Shannon slapped Bethany. “I didn’t raise you to be disrespectful. How dare you talk back to me!” 
Dumbfounded by the blow, Bethany put her hand over her cheek and curled up into a ball. She hid the resentment in her eyes. 
“You hang around Zoe, but the girl has you fooled. What are you good for? Thank goodness you’re not in charge. Otherwise, you would have bankrupted the family business a long time ago.” 
Feeling battered by Justin and Gregory, Shannon turned her anger on Bethany. “You should lay low like your sister since you’re not as intelligent as Zoe and Rosalind. Stop trying to get one up on Bella. If your sister weren’t mentally challenged, she would be far more competent than you. If I had a choice, I wouldn’t put all my eggs in one basket. You’re such a loser!” 
In other words, Shannon was saying that Bethany was worse than Carrie. 
Bethany gnashed her teeth resentfully without saying a word. Tears of humiliation pooled in her bloodshot eyes. 
Shannon dragged a crying Bethany to the Hoffmans’ residence.
The household staff was speechless and gave Bethany, who had gone viral online, strange looks. 
“Oh, my. What happened to Ms. Bethany? Don’t tell me Young Master Ryan got her pregnant.” 
“Ms. Bethany is not pregnant, is she?” 
“Impossible. Young Master Ryan might be a playboy, but he wouldn’t bring his personal affairs here.” 
“Besides, Young Master Ryan has high standards. I doubt Ms. 
Bethany makes the cut. She’s got a bad reputation.” 
The chatter drove Bethany to see red. 
These people worked for the Hoffmans, so she was not in a position to yell at them. Anger overwhelmed her every being. 
“Where’s Mrs. Hoffman? I want to see her now.” 
Shannon shouted at the butler. It was clear that she was looking for trouble. 
“Mrs. Hoffman isn’t well to see visitors. Please leave, Mrs. Salvador.” 
The butler made up an excuse with a dry laugh. 
“Cut the bullshit. Her daughter took advantage of mine, and now my daughter is ruined. Do they think they can solve the issue by holing up at home?” 
With rage consuming her, Shannon left her inhibitions out the window. She was not at the Salvadors’ residence, so she did not have to keep up with appearances anyway. “I’m not leaving until Mrs. Hoffman responds to the issue now.”
“Mrs. Salvador, you’re at the Hoffmans’ residence, not the market. There’s no need to yell at me.” 
Mrs. Hoffman held Zoe’s arm as they strutted down the swiveling staircase. 
She presented herself with grace, outshining Shannon by miles. 
Bethany had been weighing her fighting chance while on the way, but she lost the will when the mother-in-law of her dreams faced off with her embarrassing aggressor of a mother. 
“No need to yell? Haha. Mrs. Hoffman, you drove me to it.” 
Shannon looked daggers at Zoe, who clung to her mother in fright. 
Your daughter gave my daughter fake Alexa jewelry and signed my daughter’s name on the receipt so that my daughter could take the fall. She wasn’t even apologetic, and she acted like she wasn’t involved. That’s underhanded for your family.”
###chapter464
Chapter 464
The Hoffmans’ household staff gasped and covered their mouths in shock. 
Knowing that Gregory would act in her favor, Shannon tried to push the blame on the Hoffmans. 
Everybody, including a wide-eyed Mrs. Hoffman, looked at Zoe in unison. 
“Is that true, Zoe?” 
Zoe played it innocent and refuted Shannon’s accusations with furrowed brows. “I would never do such a thing, Mommy. Bethany was the one who came up with the idea to give Ada Wang counterfeit jewelry.” 
Bethany was furious with Zoe for twisting the facts. She glared at 
Zoe and shouted angrily, “You’re lying, Zoe! You suggested the idea to help me win Ada over and defeat Bella in the process.” 
“Bella? Are you talking about Bella Thompson? What does she have to do with anything?” Mrs. Hoffman asked in surprise. 
“I-” Speechless, Zoe broke out in a cold sweat. 
Bethany, the pea brain, threw Bella’s name out. She must be determined to end their friendship. 
“Where do you think you are, Mrs. Salvador? This is not a place for you to raise your voice.” 
A chilling voice echoed through the room, startling Bethany. 
Ryan approached from the main entrance with a smirk.
“I don’t have a problem with you embarrassing yourselves, but don’t drag my family down with you.” 
“Young Master Ryan!” The butler and other household staff greeted him. 
“Ryan!” Zoe’s eyes welled up as her hero came to save the day. 
Ryan could not stand Bethany to begin with. Since Ryan adored his sister unconditionally, he would definitely take Zoe’s side, no questions asked. 
“You’re great friends with Justin, Ryan. Our families have a long- standing relationship. How can you be disrespectful to me?” Shannon was furious. 
“Justin and I are buddies, and that’s between us. What does our friendship have to do with you? You didn’t give birth to or raise Justin.” 
Tilting his head, Ryan smiled and added, “You have never been nurturing to Justin, so don’t use that on me now.” 
It never occurred to Shannon that Ryan was so two-faced. He was courteous when he was at the Salvadors’ residence, but on his turf, he did not hide his contempt and disgust for her. 
That was only because Gregory backed her up. Should one day 
Gregory lose interest in her, Shannon would probably become a nobody in her social circle. 
Shannon felt chills down her spine. 
She had been Mrs. Salvador for over two decades. She seemed like she had it all, but she could not even get the basic respect. 
“Bethany went too far. She tried to drag me into her own mess and frame me, Ryan!”
Zoe threw herself into Ryan’s embrace and wrapped her arms around him. “I was wrong, Ryan. You told me to stop hanging out with her, but I didn’t listen. I realize now that I was dumb enough not to take your advice. I will never act on my own again. I’ll stop being stubborn and listen to you for once.” 
“Is it true what Bethany said, Zoe?” 
Ryan stared at Zoe as if to see through her, his voice strained with emotion. “Did you have the jewelry forged with the intention of harming Ms. Thompson?” 
“No! It wasn’t me! It was Bethany’s idea.” With a pale face, Zoe shook her head in a panic. 
“Stop talking your way out of it, Zoe!” 
Bethany pointed at Zoe’s face with rage. “The man who forged the jewelry is Alexa’s apprentice, and he’s from Inalia. Even if I wanted to seek an imitation, I would’ve found someone locally on short notice. Why would I get someone from Inalia?”
###chapter465
Chapter 465
Bethany said to Zoe, “You studied abroad in Inalia. Only you would have the resources and connections to pull it off. If you’re going to deny it, why don’t we call Tyler right now and ask him?” 
“Ask him?” 
Zoe snapped back menacingly, “For you to suggest that, I can assume that you planned this. For all I know, you might have bribed the man. You’re only trying to frame me.” 
The women were at each other’s throats. 
“Way to kill two birds with one stone, Ms. Hoffman.” 
As arguing was not getting them anywhere, Shannon put the focus on Bella. “You used my daughter against Bella. You saw our rivalry with the KS World Hotel as a chance to screw Bella over. If the plan was a success, you would’ve gotten what you wanted. If it failed, you could just push the blame to Bethany and get off unscathed. Haha… Bella turns out to be Alexa. Otherwise, you would have pulled the whole thing off.” 
With her heart in her throat, Zoe’s face flushed. “Mrs. Salvador, that’s a huge accusation to make.” 
“Were you the one who plotted against Ms. Thompson, Zoe?” Mrs. Hoffman was taken aback. 
Mrs. Hoffman was poor in health, and the bombshell dropped left her shaken. She held onto the banister to keep herself from falling. 
“Mommy, Ryan, I have nothing against Bella. Why would I have a problem with her?” Zoe stamped her foot exasperatedly, like she would when she was little.
In the past, Ryan would fold to Zoe’s will every time she threw a tantrum. 
No matter what she did, Ryan would console her and leave the issue in the past whenever she made a fuss. 
However, her heart was racing, and her knees were going weak because of the way Ryan was staring at her now. 
“Nothing against Bella? More like you have a huge problem with her.” 
Bethany blurted out Zoe’s dark thoughts. “You like Justin, so you’re jealous of Bella, who is his ex-wife. You can’t get over how Justin doesn’t give you any attention but gives the world to Bella. That’s the reason you want to ruin her.” 
“But you forgot one thing, Ms. Hoffman.” 
Shannon sneered, “Bella is important to Justin and Ryan. 
“If I remember correctly, Ryan once pursued Bella. Although he didn’t end up dating her, I doubt he would allow anybody to pick on his crush.” 
“Y-You!” 
Zoe trembled, her hands clenching. “Don’t believe them, Ryan. It’s true that I have feelings for Justin, but they are divorced. Why would I go after Bella? It’s not like I have nothing better to do.” 
Ryan gasped to himself, his expression grimacing. 
For some reason, he could not hear a word coming from his sister, despite her screaming. 
As tension rose to an all-time high, Ryan’s secretary, Yasmin, rushed into the room.
“The cops are here, Young Master Ryan.” 
While talking, Yasmin glanced at Bethany. “They must have been to the Salvadors’ home, but upon learning that Ms. Bethany was here, they came over.” 
“T-The police?” Bethany went weak in the knees. 
Color drained from Shannon’s complexion as she clung to her daughter’s shaking arms. 
“Ms. Bethany Salvador.” 
The police officers in civilian clothes barged into the house. “We received a tip-off that you are linked to KS World Hotel’s classified information being leaked out. We need your cooperation with the investigation. Please come with us.”
###chapter466
Chapter 466
Bethany froze. 
“Mom! Save me, Mom! Mom!” 
As the police took her daughter away, the last thing on Shannon’s mind was keeping up with appearances. She went up to stop the law enforcement. 
“My daughter was framed. Don’t you know how to do your job? Why are you arresting an innocent civilian?” 
Ryan watched coldly as Shannon and Bethany stirred up drama. He hoped the police officers would make the arrest swift before he had to listen to more of their nonsense. 
“We can charge you for obstruction of justice if you don’t let go, Mrs. Salvador.” The police officers were indifferent to Shannon. 
“Sir, my daughter was framed. Zoe Hoffman set her up!” Shocked and furious, Shannon glared at Zoe. 
“W-What does it have to do with me? Even if I forged a necklace, I could just pay a fine for the violation of copyrights. I didn’t leak any trade secrets. It was your daughter who thought she could take on Bella. She got what she deserved.” It then struck Zoe what she just said, so she covered her mouth. 
Oh, shit. She spilled the beans on herself in a desperate attempt to disassociate herself from Bethany. 
She felt a piercing gaze on her back. 
Turning around, Zoe met Ryan’s eyes. His gaze was filled with anger, shock, dejection, and disappointment.
“Your sister isn’t as innocent as you think she is, Ryan. She’s manipulative. She tricked me and you.” 
Bethany’s heart-wrenching cries echoed in the Hoffmans’ residence.” 
Zoe, I can’t believe you made me a pawn and a scapegoat! I will make you pay! Just you wait!” 
“Come here, Zoe.” Scared by Shannon and Bethany, Mrs. Hoffman nervously beckoned Zoe over. 
“Mommy!” 
Still reeling in shock, Zoe moved toward her mother when Ryan grabbed her by the wrist. 
“R-Ryan.” She shivered. 
“Why did you do it, Zoe? Was it to take revenge on Bella?” Ryan asked with bloodshot eyes. 
“Bethany made it all up.” 
“Don’t play stubborn with me.” 
Ryan yelled while gripping his fingers tightly. Zoe whimpered in pain. ” Ow… Let go, Ryan. You’re hurting me. Help me, Mommy!” 
“Let her go now, Ryan! Are you trying to break your sister’s hand?” 
Mrs. Hoffman rushed over in dismay and pried open Ryan’s grasp over her daughter. She pulled Zoe into her arms to shield her. “Just talk it out.” 
“Talk it out? I gave her a chance to talk, but what did she do?” 
Consumed by rage, Ryan glared at Zoe’s tearful eyes. She looked like an innocent angel.
The heartache coursed through his veins. “She lied many times to cover up the things she did. She colluded with Bethany to set Bella up. 
“What did Bella ever do to you? Why must you ruin her? Is it because she is Justin’s ex-wife? Is that a reason to harm her?” 
“Enough, Ryan! You grew up with Zoe. You should know better than anyone else that she doesn’t have the heart to harm another soul. 
Mrs. Hoffman patted her daughter’s spasming back in comfort. “Even if Zoe went astray, the girl, Bethany, was a bad influence on her. Why are you dragging your sister into this? If word gets out, she might be taken in for questioning.” 
“She took the private jet abroad before Bethany and Ada signed a contract. I asked her where she was going, and she said that she wanted to see a fashion show in Feranco. I told Yasmin to look into it, but you never went to Feranco. You went to Inalia. If you had nothing to hide, why did you lie about where you were going?” 
Ryan’s voice was hoarse. His veins showed on his forehead. “When Bethany was taken away, you admitted to forging the jewelry. What do you have to say for yourself? Dad is probably rolling in his grave, realizing that his precious daughter has become conniving.” 
“Ryan! How could you insult your sister?” Mrs. Hoffman was filled with mixed feelings, thinking about her late husband. Her eyes welled up. 
“You’re a bastard, Ryan!” 
Zoe was insulted and furious. All the pent-up emotions came to a head as she burst into tears. “Bella kept making me look bad in front of Justin. She embarrassed me in public. What’s wrong with teaching
her a lesson? You are hypocritical to reprimand me when all you’re doing is standing up for Bella. You only have eyes for the slut. I’m dead to you.”
###chapter467
Chapter 467
Zoe said to Ryan, “Even if you suck up to Bella, she will never have eyes for you. You’ll never have her.” 
“Zoe Hoffman!” 
Ryan hissed Zoe’s full name, scaring the latter to hide in her mother’s arms. 
“Even if Bella doesn’t become your sister-in-law, you shouldn’t harm and insult her. I believe in Bella’s character. While she may not be an angel, she wouldn’t harm anyone unless provoked. That means you most likely started it with her.” 
Zoe was livid. 
“One more thing. I would advise you to get over Justin. Anyone except 
Justin can tell that Bella is the only woman for him.” Ryan scoffed. 
Being best buddies, Ryan had a subtle way of mocking Justin. 
Zoe’s face turned flushed. 
“You are coming with me to see Bella tomorrow. I expect you to admit your mistake and apologize to her.” 
Ryan then walked away. 
“Are you mad, Ryan? Why should I apologize to Bella? I won’t!” Zoe was hysterical.
“I’ll send you to Inalia tonight if you won’t. You won’t be allowed back in Savrow without my permission.” 
The intensity of Ryan’s resolve unnerved Mrs. Hoffman. 
Mrs. Hoffman had heard things about her son’s behavior, but the boy had never been so tough on his only sister. 
Was Ryan hard on Zoe because of Bella, Justin’s ex-wife? 
“Ryan… Come back, Ryan!” 
Zoe cried at the top of her lungs in tears. 
Ryan, who always doted on her, never once looked back. 
:.. 
That night, Ryan drowned his sorrows in ACE at his private lounge. 
His heart broke as his mind wandered back to Bethany’s accusation of Zoe. The strong liquor burned down his throat. 
The door to the private lounge opened. 
“Damn it. I don’t need the company of women. Get out now!” 
Irritated, Ryan raised the glass and smashed it to smithereens. 
“Mr. Hoffman, Mr. Salvador is here for you.”
Yasmin let out an awkward smile, as if embarrassed for her bc made her way into the room. “Apologies, Mr. Salvador. Mr. Ho isn’t himself tonight. Please try to understand.” 
“That’s fine. I’m used to it.” Justin carried a blank face. 
“This way, please.” 
Justin nodded and stepped into the private lounge. 
Yasmin nodded and closed the door before leaving to give them space. 
“What has gotten into you now?” 
Furrowing his brows, Justin went to Ryan and sat beside him. “So 
Bella turned you down. Must you act like your whole world has crumbled?” 
“Fuck me. Are you going to make fun of Bella dumping me forever?” Ryan heaved. Since he did not have a glass anymore, he grabbed the alcohol and gulped straight from the bottle. 
“Dump? Ha,” Justin sneered. 
He fished out a pack of cigarettes and lodged one between his lips. Bella has never accepted you. How could she dump you? You’re the rebound guy, always there but never the first choice.” 
“Tsk. At least I’m still in the running while you’re out of the race.” 
It suddenly occurred to Ryan that Zoe called Bella a slut. As his chest tightened, he smashed the alcohol bottle with bloodshot eyes. 
If Zoe was not his sister, Ryan would have slapped her for the insult to Bella.
###chapter468
Chapter 468
However, the insult came from Ryan’s beloved sister. Despite his anger, Ryan did not have the heart to punish Zoe heavily. 
The conflict gnawed at Ryan, leaving him lost and fragmented. 
“Are you on your period? Why are you worked up?” 
Justin flicked away the ashes, his eyes dark. “You’re not yourself. What’s the matter?” 
Ryan sighed heavily. “The forged necklace Bethany gave to Ada was supplied by Zoe.” 
Hiding his emotions behind his eyes, Justin fell silent. 
Ryan asked, “Why don’t you seem surprised?” 
Justin replied, “I guessed as much.” 
Ryan felt upset. “Justin, my sister-” 
“Since we’re talking about this, I should tell you one more thing.” 
With downcast eyes, Justin took a puff. “Your sister was th vho got the press all over Bella at the last charity event.” 
Dumbstruck, Ryan turned ashen, and his heart sank. 
It took a while before he murmured through his trembling lips sorry, Justin.” 
“The apology shouldn’t come from you, but from your sister. She should apologize to my ex-wife.”
It hurt Justin to call Bella his ex-wife. 
“Zoe is 22 now. I know I shouldn’t excuse her behavior as being too young to know better-” 
Ryan swallowed hard. “But we grew up with Zoe. She can be stubborn and willful. Sometimes, she doesn’t think before she acts. But she means no harm. Bethany was a bad influence on her, and I spoiled her. I should have disciplined her.” 
Justin kept to himself for a while before cutting to the chase. “So what are you going to do about what your sister has done? How are you going to make it up to Bella?” 
Ryan’s breath hitched. 
The man was always relentless and unforgiving, leaving no room for others. 
Even though Zoe was Ryan’s sister, Justin would not stand for Zoe hurting his people. 
“I’ll take her to apologize to Bella tomorrow.” 
“Is that it?” 
“Zoe is my sister, Justin. It’s her first offense. Can you let her off the hook for my sake?” Ryan asked earnestly with a sad face. 
“I’ll go with you tomorrow,” the man said indifferently. 
“You… Why? I hope you don’t think that I’ll take my sister’s side and give Bella problems. I will never do that.” 
“No. I’m worried that you might get stabbed.” Justin got up.
Ryan was at a loss for words. 
It was a bruise to Ryan’s ego that Justin had learned about Bella putting a knife to his neck. 
“I haven’t seen her in a while. I want to see her.” 
As his eyes flickered in tenderness, Justin made a beeline to the door. 
“You have not answered my question, Justin.” 
Ryan stopped him in a hurry. “We have been friends for a long time. Can we just move on from this? I will get Zoe to apologize to Bella. On behalf of the Hoffman Group, I will offer Bella compensation for the loss she suffered due to the violation of her copyright.” 
The man stopped for a moment. “Ryan, can you accept the vicious attack on your sister if she was in Bella’s shoes? Will you let the whole thing go?” 
Ryan had no words. 
“We have been friends for over twenty years, so I will not go after Zoe for what she did.” 
Justin clenched his fists, his presence chilling. 
“But that’s all the chance she gets.”
###chapter469
Chapter 469
For three days, Bella embraced the cozy confines of home, indulging in food and rest. 
Her three stepmothers pulled all the stops to make Bella comfortable at home. Celeste cooked up a storm, feeding Bella with her best recipes. 
Bella gained three pounds in just three days. 
“I won’t lose any weight at this rate.” Bella let out her frustration. 
“Alright. You can start a new resolution after this meal.” 
Celeste and Sasha persuaded Bella to join them for lunch. 
As Wyatt and Asher were away at an out-of-town business event, Wyatt’s three wives and Bella were the only ones at the dinner table. 
“Good news, Ms. Bella.” 
Steven burst through the doors in delight. “Bethany has been apprehended in connection with an alleged business impropriety Shannon is freaking out, and Gregory is trying to get his daughte of jail.” 
“Sigh. It took the police three days to take Bethany into custody. police force in Savrow isn’t as effective as the law enforcement Hatchbay.” Bella was not surprised. She wiped her lips with a napkin gracefully. 
“The police probably didn’t want to act rashly, seeing that an heiress was involved.” 
Mila gave Bella another helping of food. “Have some more, Bella. You don’t get to enjoy Celeste’s cooking every day.”
“Uh… I can’t eat anymore. Burp!” 
Bella shook her head and burped with her hand over her mouth as the three ladies laughed in amusement. 
Steven curled his lips at the adorable sight of Bella. Struck by a thought, he leaned forward and patted her back in case she choked on some food. 
“Easy there, Ms. Bella. Don’t choke.” 
Mila’s keen eyes picked up on Steven’s pining thoughts for Bella. She frowned without a word. 
“Although Bethany should face the consequences for showing aggression to Bella multiple times, I think Shannon should be arrested for giving her ideas. I bet Shannon instructed the girl to mess with Bella. The wicked woman is simply vile.” 
Sasha left her table manners out the window since her husband was not around. She slammed the table, her tongue loose. “Karma is supposed to clap back by now. When is it Shannon’s turn? Celeste wouldn’t have-” 
“Don’t just get caught up in talking, Sasha. You haven’t touched your food.” With her heart skipping a beat, Celeste stuffed bread in Sasha’s mouth and forced a smile. 
Bella narrowed her eyes. 
It seemed to Bella that Celeste and Shannon had crossed paths. 
Bella did not confront Celeste right after lunch. Instead, she went to 
Sasha’s room to sound her out.
“Why did I blab today? Tsk. I promised Celeste I’d never talk about it to the kids.” 
Sasha slapped herself, regretting spilling the beans in the heat of the moment. 
“Celeste worked with Shannon at the TS Gem Channel for some time before marrying Wyatt. They were signed on to the same company. At the time, Celeste was the best of the rising stars, while Shannon always played the villain in the shows Celeste starred in.” 
Bella fell into contemplation before uttering indifferently, “Shannon is manipulative, dishonest, and jealous. I bet she was jealous of Celeste’s popularity and fan base, so she pulled something.” 
“I know, right? She-” 
Sasha nearly said too much again. She bit her lip and closed her 
“I can’t. I can’t say more. I promised Celeste that I wouldn’t talk.” 
Bella panicked. “Aunt Sasha, Shannon hurt Aunt Celeste. You put up with injustice. Surely, you want to avenge Aunt Celeste.”
###chapter470
Chapter 470
Sasha covered her ears. “I can’t hear you. I can’t hear you.” 
Bella was speechless. 
“Celeste has a feud with Shannon. If it wasn’t for the woman, Celeste wouldn’t have retired from showbiz at the height of her career.” 
The sound of Mila’s aloof voice startled Sasha and Bella to scream. 
“Jesus Christ, Mila! You don’t make a sound when you walk.” Sasha held her chest. 
Sasha never acted cute and coy with Wyatt, but she pouted adorably with Mila. 
“Aunt Mila, what are you doing here at this hour? I wasn’t expecting you.” Bella eased her breathing, feeling relieved that it was not Celeste. 
“I’ve been here since you started talking. You were so loud.” 
Mila glanced outside before shutting the door and approaching them. “No point keeping it a secret now, $asha. Bella is all grown up. You should just let her know.” 
Bella eagerly held Mila’s cold hand, waiting for her to open up. 
“Jealous of Celeste’s talent and fame, Shannon kept sabotaging her. 
Despite Celeste’s popularity, she was bullied and marginalized on the channel network. In the end, she was drugged and humiliated at a huge event.” 
Mila drew a deep breath to keep herself together before revealing the dark past in a flat tone.
Sasha sighed. Despite her talkative nature, she held her tongue. 
“D-Drugged?” 
Bella felt her throat dry as she asked in a raspy voice, “Was Aunt Celeste-” 
“It’s not that type of drug.” 
Mila choked with sobs and murmured, “She was drugged with something that disrupts the nervous system. It can no longer be found in Orealm now, but it was all the rage in showbiz back then. 
The recreational drug is detrimental to health.” 
Bella and Sasha were shocked, their eyes watering. 
Mila was an heiress to the Larson pharmaceutical empire, so she knew the medical industry like the back of her hand. 
“What happened then?” Bella clutched Mila’s hands. 
“Later, she was performing on stage for a channel special when she had an incontinence issue in public.” 
Mila teared up. 
“Fuck. How did that happen?” Driven by fury, Sasha punched and smashed the vanity mirror. 
Bella trembled as she held her breath. 
Even though the incident happened twenty years ago, Bella could feel the heartbreaking humiliation and public humiliation for Celeste.
Celeste once had everything. 
However, Celeste was left with a haunting trauma on her favorite stage. She might never have the courage to be the charismatic and confident Celeste again. 
“How can you be sure that Shannon was behind it, Aunt Mila?” Pulling herself together, Bella asked. 
“Wyatt and I found a lot of evidence, but we had nothing concrete to pin on Shannon.” 
Mila shook her head in regret. “Shannon kept going after Celeste, and she seemed to be more than friends with the network director. 
Celeste had it tough working at TS, but she couldn’t get out of the long -term contract. The only thing she could do was put up with it. I later found out that Shannon told her agent to purchase the illegal drug from the black market before the network’s special. Even so, I didn’t have solid evidence to put her away. The drug was common among celebrities in Savrow at the time.” 
“It’s enough for me.” 
Bella closed her eyes. By the time she opened them, her eyes were bloodshot. “So long as I believe she’s the culprit, that’s evidence enough for me.”
###chapter471
Just two days ago, Bella’s trip from Hatchbay to Savrow was filled with delight. Now, a dark scowl had settled on her face, and her lips were pressed tightly together. 
Back at the hotel, Bella locked herself in the office without any disruption from Steven. She looked up anything related to Celeste’s incident. 
Mila’s words echoed in her mind. “The network’s special was Celeste’s darkest hours, but it was also when she grew closer to Wyatt. Back then, the internet wasn’t the behemoth it is today. To keep tabs on the entertainment world, people relied on magazines and newspapers. When news of the incident broke, Wyatt went to extreme lengths to contain it. He reportedly bought and destroyed every magazine subscription in the country that mentioned it. Any journalist who dared report on the matter faced harsh consequences. But apparently, the foreign press was present during the incident. Someone captured the entire ordeal on camera and uploaded it to a foreign website. Even though Wyatt managed to get the video taken down, traces of the video still linger online.” 
Bella drew a deep breath. With her eyes fixated on the computer screen, she typed furiously on the keyboard. 
She quickly located a grainy video of the network’s special that had been sealed away for twenty years. 
The video captured Celeste at her most vulnerable, hunched over, and convulsed with silent tremors. Her face was drained of color. 
She was at a breaking point. 
The harsh beam above her head put her despair under the spotlight. The jeers and laughter from the audience washed over her, threatening to shatter her fragile resolve.
A tall and strong figure rushed onto the stage, approaching Celeste without hesitation. 
From the man’s back, Bella could tell that it was Wyatt. 
Without a word, Wyatt took off his jacket and got down on one knee before Celeste to cover her modesty. 
A hush fell over the stage. 
The video came to an end. 
Bella stared blankly at the screen, her shoulders drooping as she sank her back against the chair. 
Did the incident lead Wyatt to win Celeste’s heart? 
“My father probably wrote the playbook for getting the girls.” 
Her phone rang. 
Snapping out of her thoughts, Bella picked up the phone. “What’s up, Steve?” 
“Ms. Bella, Ryan Hoffman has brought his sister to see you.’ 
” 
The weight of Celeste’s past pressed down on Bella, and the last thing she wanted was to meet the Hoffman siblings. Despite her reservations, Bella agreed to meet the Hoffmans, swayed by Steven’s mention of Ryan’s sister coming to apologize. 
Maybe Bella would feel better if she witnessed Zoe with an egg on her face. 
It would be like watching a slapstick comedy.
When Bella arrived outside the reception room, Steven came over with a frown. 
“I’m sorry, Ms. Bella. I didn’t know that Justin was with them. He’s inside too.” 
Bella looked up and met Steven’s gaze with indifference. “Why didn’t you throw him out?” 
“I’m sorry, Ms. Bella.” Steven expressed his apologies, knowing that it was his negligence. 
For the main part, Justin was elusive. He was not around when Steven led Ryan and Zoe into the reception room. When he returned, Justin had the nerve to relax on the sofa with a cup of coffee. 
“Never mind. You can’t beat him anyway.” 
Bella poked her chin out, gesturing for Steven to open the door. 
As the door opened, Bella sashayed into the room, her stilettos clicking sharply against the floor. Her straight black suit jacket draped effortlessly over her shoulders and accentuated her confident stride and commanding presence. 
“Bella.” Ryan got up from the sofa, his throat dry. 
Bella was a sight to behold, as always. Her look today was a bold statement, conveying both competence and unwavering determination. 
Once again, Bella took Ryan’s breath away. 
Justin looked up at Bella, his nerves tensing. 
His heart pounded out of his chest. 
Hiding behind Ryan, Zoe fixated on Bella’s haughty face and clenched her shaking fists.
“Oh, you are all here.” 
Bella pulled her shoulders back, letting the black jacket slide down, and Steven caught it for her. 
She then turned to Justin with a smirk. “Well, aren’t you an exemplary boyfriend to Ms. Hoffman, Justin? Are you here as a show of support for her?” 
‘Boyfriend?’ Justin locked eyes on Bella’s sneaky smile and cleared his throat. 
He was fuming. 
The woman was harsh to him as usual, hitting his sore point. 
That was Bella to him, though. Bella was no longer Anna Brown. He was glad to accept her as she was, critical side and all. 
Zoe was so filled with glee that Bella mistook the reason Justin was there. 
Playing along, she took quick steps toward Justin with a sad face. 
“Bella, I admit I was blind before, but you should get your eyes fixed too.” 
Justin remained aloof, but his eyes betrayed his obscure feelings for Bella. “No boyfriend here, only your ex-husband. It’s exhausting enough to be a certain somebody’s husband. I don’t have the time or energy to be someone else’s boyfriend.” 
Zoe froze. 
Justin had made things clear with her before, but Zoe refused to move on and remained delusional about Justin.
Yet now, Justin threw her under the bus by ditching her in front of Bella. 
“I am here to back someone up, but I’m not talking about Ms. Hoffman. ” 
Feeling the burn in his cheeks, Justin grabbed his coffee mug and pretended to sip composedly. Despite burning his tongue, he forced himself to swallow the hot liquid. 
Sure, Justin often had these thoughts. 
However, he was embarrassed to say them out loud. 
Bella furrowed her brows, surprised by his implication. 
Who was he supporting, if not Zoe? 
Was it Ryan? 
Well, it was just a roundabout way to support Zoe.
###chapter472
Bella smirked. Her emotionless face started to reflect annoyance. 
She felt a rush of blood in her head. 
Justin’s obvious bias toward his ex-wife was a death sentence for Zoe. 
Zoe thought, ‘Why? Justin could have a talented and beautiful woman like me, but he still went back to the slut he dumped.’ 
Besides, Bella was surrounded by men. She was involved with Ryan, a nobody like Christopher, and other men. Justin should at least be irked by that fact. 
“I only made time out of my busy schedule to see you because I heard that Mr. Hoffman had brought Ms. Hoffman to apologize. You should know that I’m not just the heiress of KS Group but also the renowned jewelry designer, Alexa. My secretary is bombarded with phone calls for a chance to meet with me. I don’t have time to waste on unnecessary things and people.” 
Bella flicked her hair back and crossed her arms while sitting with poise on the sofa. “If I had known that Mr. Salvador would be here, I wouldn’t even show up.’ 
“Why?” 
With his heart sinking, Justin asked gloomily, “Why do you rather meet Ryan than see me?” 
Raising his brow, Ryan thought to himself, ‘Fuck me. 
Even though Bella favored Ryan, Justin targeted him for ridicule. 
“I’m only willing to meet under two conditions: it must be for personal or business purposes.”
Bella put two fingers up and wiggled them in front of Justin. “Mr. Salvador, you and I have no personal or business relationship. I have no reason to meet someone who isn’t even a stranger to me.” 
Justin was not even considered a stranger. 
The glum on Justin’s face was the tip of the iceberg of what he was really feeling inside. 
Ryan pursed his lips while thinking to himself, ‘At least I’m more than a stranger, I suppose.’ 
“Now, out with it, Mr. Hoffman. I have a meeting later. I don’t have time to waste here.” Narrowing her eyes, Bella appeared haughty with her legs crossed. The red bottoms of her stilettos added to her flair. 
She looked like an elegant and beautiful villainess out of a comic book. 
Justin’s eyes fell on Bella’s slender ankles under her pants. 
His jaw clenched as his throat went dry. He was tempted to swallow. 
He was too blind to dump this woman. 
Now, everything about her drove him wild. 
Zoe played the victim, her face pale, and her lips trembling as if Bella were the bully. 
“Ahem. Bella… I mean, Ms. Thompson.” 
Picking up on Bella’s facial cues, Ryan addressed her differently and said, “My sister and I are here to offer our apologies. 
“The necklace Bethany, had given to Ada at the auction was supplied by my sister. She asked an individual in Inalia to forge the necklace…”
Ryan’s words trailed off as he continued to observe Bella’s expression. 
“Oh, I already knew that.” Bella remained indifferent. 
Ryan and Zoe were shocked. 
Justin merely pulled a frown. He was not too surprised 
Zoe’s cunning plan would not stand a chance against B resources. 
“W-When did you find out?” Freaked out, Zoe asked. 
Bella grinned cheekily. “I knew the day you reached out to Tyler paid him handsomely to forge my necklace. ” 
“What?” Zoe burst out, breaking her character. 
“I get why you sought Tyler to make the necklace, Ms. Hoffman. I did teach him everything I knew. You probably assume Tyler started his own business because we had a fallout. You’re narrow-minded to think that. Divorced couples can’t be friends, but that doesn’t mean mentors and apprentices going their separate ways can’t.” Bella lifted her chin.
###chapter473
Justin gasped to himself. 
Bella’s words cut through him like a knife. 
“Despite being from another country, Tyler takes pride in respecting his mentor and the trade. He won’t compromise his principles for personal gain.” 
Bella added with a smirk, “So you barked up the wrong tree, Ms. Hoffman. Your first mistake was to think that everybody is as petty as you. 
It was clear who was the petty one in the room. 
Justin curled his lips subtly. His eyes were calm. 
Feeling humiliated, Ryan scowled. 
Although Ryan had braced himself for the worst before meeting Bella, she was merciless when she bit. 
He did not expect her words to hurt so much. 
“You’re evil, Bella!” 
Fuming, Zoe pointed at Bella’s smiling face. “You feigned ignorance when I went to Tyler. You knew Bethany would give the necklace to Ada, and yet you waited until the charity auction to spill the beans. It was all for Bethany’s fall from grace. How can you be so wicked, Bella? Must you ruin everybody who gets in your way?” 
Zoe wailed out loud as if she were the victim.
“What else am I supposed to do-keep you and Bethany around?” Annoyed by her crying, Bella rolled her eyes. 
“You!” Zoe was lost for words. 
The woman was cocky, 
Despite Ryan’s and Justin’s presence in the room, Bella carried on talking smack. Did she not care about any man in the world? 
“You’re here to apologize, Ms. Hoffman, not point fingers. Is it so hard to own up to your mistake?” 
Justin kept his head down for a moment before fixating on Bella. Even if Ms. Thompson doesn’t deal with Bethany, I will sort her out. I’ll make you come here even if your brother doesn’t. The outcome remains the same. What else do you have to say for yourself?” 
Bella met the man’s gaze with mixed emotions. 
Justin did not seem to hold back on Zoe. 
Tsk. Bella decided that his actions did not concern her. 
“Justin…” Zoe let tears fall down her cheeks as a wave of heartache and anger washed over her. 
The man who once held Zoe’s hand with a sunlit smile in the park was now a stranger, his warmth replaced by a chilling distance. 
Bewitched by Bella, Justin faded into a ghost of his former self. 
“Hello? Are you apologizing or not?” With her patience running thin, Bella was ready to leave.
“Apologize to Ms. Thompson now, Zoe,” Ryan urged. 
“I’m sorry,” Zoe hissed through clenched teeth, her voice barely audible. 
“Speak up. I can’t hear you.” Bella furrowed her brows commandingly. 
“I’m sorry!” 
Ryan took strides toward Zoe, pressing her back down so that she would take a humble stance before Bella. 
Unable to fight against her brother’s strength, Zoe bowed down before Bella. The humiliation was tearing her up inside. 
Zoe thought, ‘Bella, I will make you pay! This is not over!’ 
“Steve.” Bella rose to her feet. 
“Yes, Ms. Bella,” Steven responded right away. 
“As mentioned by Mr. Hoffman, the Hoffman Group will address the consequences of Ms. Hoffman’s actions. Compile a comprehensive report of all damages, including emotional trauma, for Mr. Hoffman’s immediate attention.”
###chapter474
Bella walked out without hesitation. “Donate the money received to Savrow’s Hope Foundation. I don’t want a cent of it.’ 
Stunned, Ryan let out a wry smile. 
Her beauty, icy and perfect, mirrored her ruthlessness. Bella was an ice queen in every sense. 
Bella returned to her office to work while Steven took Ryan to discuss the settlement of compensation. 
As Bella’s attorney and secretary, Steven had the list of damages ready. The total was an eye-watering amount. 
However, that was the price to pay for forging Alexa’s design. 
Ryan looked at the compensation agreement and sighed, his throat dry. 
He could afford the money, but it was a hefty bruise to his ego. 
Ryan had feelings for Bella before. Even though they were not meant to be together, he would love for them to be friends. He never wanted to hurt her. 
Alas, they drifted further and further away from the possibility of ever becoming friends. 
Zoe cried all the way to the parking lot, as if the world had done her wrong. 
“The victim didn’t even shed a tear. Why are you the one crying when you caused all this?” 
Ryan walked ahead with a sour face, and Zoe could not keep up with him.
“Is Bella’s heart made of stone, Ryan? I can’t believe she expects you to pay $100 million. She’s better off robbing a bank.” 
Zoe could not stand the thought of losing $100 million to Bella. “You have never been in this frustrating position before, Ryan. Had I known this would be the case, I would never apologize to her.” 
“Ms. Thompson was easy on you. ” 
Ryan stopped in his tracks, having had enough of Zoe. “If I didn’t set things right for you, do you think you would be saying sorry in that room? You would be issuing a formal apology in front of the press.” 
Zoe shuddered at that thought. 
“When you get back home, you are not allowed out without my permission. Just stay at home and reflect on your behavior.” 
Ryan spoke coldly with a heavy heave before getting into the car. 
“You can’t ground me, Ryan!” 
Unbothered by Zoe’s window-rattling tantrum, Ryan sat stoically in the car. 
He could not go soft on Zoe anymore. His indulgence would do nothing good for his only sister. 
As the fancy car drove away, Zoe stomped her foot and burst into tears, hunched over. 
“Please get in, Ms. Zoe.” 
Two female bodyguards lugged Zoe into the car and closed the door. 
Zoe watched miserably, as the car took her to the Hoffmans’ residence.
Her phone suddenly rang. 
She dried her tears and took out her phone for a look. A concealed private number was calling. 
“Who is it?” Zoe asked angrily. 
“Ms. Hoffman.” 
A man’s digitally altered voice was heard on the other end of the line, 
“Who are you?” Zoe asked, choking out sobs. 
“You must feel hurt and upset after what happened today. Your crush wouldn’t even look at you.” 
Her eyes widened, and her heart raced. 
Who was spying on her? The man seemed to have detailed knowledge about her circumstances. 
“What if I tell you that I can help you get what you want? Are you willing to hear me out and collaborate with me?”
###chapter475
Steven returned to Bella’s side after finishing his duties. 
“Are you planning to let Ms. Hoffman off the hook, Ms. Bella? That’s too nice of you.” 
Steven watched with a doting and helpless smile as Bella knocked things over with her stilettos. He went and tucked her heels under the table. 
Bella was gaming to take her mind off things, slaughtering many in the virtual world. 
Her character, Lucifer, had reached god-level in the eyes of players. Thousands tuned in to watch every time she streamed her gaming live. 
“What are you thinking? Let her off the hook? I’m a charitable entrepreneur, not Mother Theresa. I’m not going after Zoe now because I don’t have solid evidence to put her away. She made Bethany a scapegoat, so all suspicions about Zoe are circumstantial. My hands are tied for now. 
“I don’t think that’s the last we’ll hear of Ms. Hoffman.” Steven added angrily, “Instead of showing remorse, she glared at you before storming out. 
“She better come at me with everything she has or just back off. I won’t want to be her if the whole thing blows up in her face. 
Her phone vibrated, channeling a call from Asher. 
“Hey, Ash!” Bella answered the call with a sweet voice. 
“Are you at the hotel, Bella?” Asher asked. 
“Yes. I’m in the office.”
“So you’re with Steve?” Asher spoke in hushed tones. 
Bella was witty enough to read between the lines. She got up and walked out as if she were heading to the bathroom. 
If she were to dismiss Steven, he would pick up that she was shying away from him. 
She stepped into her personal bathroom and shut the door behind her “What happened, Ash? Does it have something to do with Steve?” 
“You can say that, but not directly. I can’t be straight with you if he’s around.” 
Asher paused before carrying on in a steady tone. “Gregory sought help from Steven’s brother, Hunter, to get his daughter out. Hunter is heading to the police station to release Bethany on bail as we speak.” 
Bella narrowed her eyes dangerously. “Hunter is Bethany’s get-out-of- jail-free pass.” 
“Hunter is cutthroat, contributing to his success as a defense attorney for over a decade. He won’t allow himself to fail. He will give Bethany a clean state by any means necessary.” 
Asher gave Bella the heads-up. “If I were Hunter, I would start with the journalist, Bella. She is the top witness to testify against Bethany. 
“I get what you’re trying to say, Ash, but Xena Gordon is not with me. Justin is holding her captive.” 
Bella took a deep breath to pull herself together. “I’ll handle it. You, and especially Axel, should stay out of it. He works for the government. He can’t be caught engaging in misconduct while helping me. That will just play into the hands of those wishing us harm.” 
The mood was heavy at the end of the phone call.
Bella never took a small fry like Bethany seriously because Shannon was the big fish she was after. 
She was worried that the news would upset Steven. The silly boy w highly sensitive and heavily bound by a sense of duty. He might ju come to her in tears again. 
Lost in her thoughts, Bella made her way to her office. 
“Bella.” 
The husky voice caused her to halt her footsteps. Feeling a pit in her stomach, she looked back. 
There was no one behind her. 
Bella shook her head and kneaded her temples, attributing the sound to her sleep deprivation.
###chapter476
“Ah!” 
A powerful grip seized Bella’s arm and yanked her into the darkness. 
Bella stumbled into a tough chest. The man’s ragged breaths stirred the strands on top of her head, his touch drawing warmth across her skin. 
The long, lingering embrace was strange yet familiar to her. 
It was Justin. 
The man ensured a firm grip around her waist in case she might twist her ankle from wearing those high stilettos. 
His grip was awfully firm, bearing conflicting emotions. He wanted to protect her, but he feared she might slip away from him. 
“Justin! How did you get in here?” Bella put up a fight, her cheeks flushed with rage. 
“Ryan said I might have trouble getting past the tight security here.” Justin narrowed his eyes. His voice was raspy and flat. 
Justin graduated at the top of his class from the military. It was a piece of cake to elude the hotel’s security. 
When he later became the president of Salvador Corporation, all his basic needs-and more were met. His military training proved less relevant in the business world. 
Yet he faced a multitude of hurdles when trying to see Bella, forcing him to be creative and persistent.
“It’s vile of you to sneak around like this. 
Bella gritted her teeth and tried to stomp on his foot, but Justin twirled and pinned her against the wall. 
Their eyes met, and sparks flew. 
Now that he had snagged on an encounter, Justin’s gaze lingered on her face, absorbing every detail of her. 
“What are you looking at, bastard?” Bella cursed, and her ears turned red. 
“You’ve put on some weight.” Justin fixated on her. 
His lips curled at the roundness of her once-highly-contoured cheekbones. 
She put some meat on her bones. 
Bella could not believe Justin just said that. ” 
“Are you mad at me? There’s nothing wrong with putting on some weight. You were skin and bones before. You should eat more. Justin spoke like a gentleman. 
Red in the face, Bella slapped him. 
Feeling the burn on his cheek, Justin grabbed her hand. The handprint on his face was a mark of humiliation. “Is this how you repay someone who has helped you, Bella? I don’t count on getting a thank- you, but you should stop getting physical with me every time I see you.” 
“Thank you? Why should I? Should I thank you for restraining Xena Gordon and getting her to testify against Bethany?”
With her chest heaving, Bella mocked Justin. “Have you no shame, Justin? You should thank me, not the other way around. You’re just trying to gain leverage through me by holding Xena against Bethany. If I hadn’t played along, you would have been out of the game a long time ago.” 
“Bella!” 
Justin’s eyes turned bloodshot as rage consumed him. “I just wanted to see you.” 
“But you’re the last person on earth I want to see!” 
Bella could not break free from Justin. It was not as if she could beat someone from the special force. 
She reached into her pocket to fish out her phone to call Steven. 
Justin saw through her and nimbly seized her other hand.
###chapter477
Restrained, Bella yelled, “Somebody help-Mgh!” 
Justin lost his cool for once. Feeling a rush to his head, he sealed her cries with a kiss. 
Their lips met, and her voice faded into murmurs. 
Bella’s mind went blank. 
Justin’s scorching breath brushed against Bella’s trembling lips. His palms were clamming from holding her wrists, and his forehead broke out in a sweat. 
The last time he kissed her, the alcohol got to his head. 
Justin had no excuse to kiss her now. 
‘You’re divorced, Justin. This isn’t right,’ Justin thought to himself. 
Nevertheless, he could not help himself. He knew that it was not right, but his heart overruled his head. 
With that in mind, Justin’s heart thumped out of his chest. The self- restraint he always took pride in was about to crumble. 
He lost himself in his emotions. At first, Justin was only trying to stop Bella from screaming, but his kiss was purely out of affection. 
Bella tried to resist him, but her body was weak against his advances. Her lips and tongue were caught in his spell, and her breath was stolen away. 
She was angry with herself.
A tear slipped across her cheek. 
She was just a poor woman who had been obsessed with the man for 13 years, but her love was never responded to. She wondered what she had done to deserve such humiliation. 
“You’re an asshole, Justin!” 
An angry bellow echoed across the corridor. Seeing red, Steven rushed over and pried Justin away from Bella with all his might. He then punched Justin in the face. 
However, Steven moved too slowly in Justin’s eyes. 
The man shot back, evading the punch at the speed of light. 
“Steve!” 
Bella cried out for Steven in a hoarse voice, but Steven was in a different head space now. 
His mind was filled with the image of the bastard ravishing Bella’s lips. All he could see was the smudged lipstick on Justin’s lips. 
“I’m going to kill you, Justin!” 
Justin scowled. 
Steven was a sixth-degree black belt in Taekwondo, and the strength of his kicks once rocked the community of Savrow. He spun high with his leg lifted, aiming a kick straight at Justin’s chest. 
Despite Steven throwing everything he had at Justin, the latter effortlessly neutralized his attack.
The man dodged the moment Steven lifted his leg. Before Steven knew it, Justin re-emerged behind him and gripped his shoulder blade. 
Steven felt a crippling sensation under his skin as he went limp. 
What sort of sorcery was that? 
That maneuver was like a page out of a comic book. 
Bella recognized that move as a close combat tactic taught in the military. Drew could execute that technique too. 
It would take at least five years of intense training to pull off a move that demanded both speed and precision. 
“Enough, Justin!”
###chapter478
Bella held Steven, who went limp, tightly. Without her support, the 188- cm-tall man would have sunken to his knees before Justin. 
“I’m fine, Ms. Bella.” Steven consoled Bella while catching his breath. He was too weak to hold himself up. 
“You can’t even stand. How can you say that you’re fine?” 
Her eyes welled up. It was a sign that Bella was worried for Steven’s safety. She glared at Justin, whose hair was not ruffled in the slightest. “How can you attack my secretary so viciously before me? Are you a man or a heartless brute, Justin?” 
Her words stung. Feeling defeated, Justin choked up. 
“He started it. Didn’t you see that? Besides, I didn’t hurt him in any way. The paralysis should go away by nightfall. He’ll be able to regain his mobility.” 
“Spare me your excuses. You’re just confirming to me the creep that you are.” 
The tears in Bella’s eyes hurt Justin. He watched as she lifted her arm and wiped her lips with the back of her hand, as if he were diseased. 
“Admit it, Justin. Are you having second thoughts about the divorce?” 
Justin’s heart bled. 
As they locked eyes, the weight of her gaze pinned him down. Her silent accusation sent chills down his spine.
Time passed, but he gave no response. He could not even deny the question. 
Justin clung to his last shred of decency. 
“I take your silence for your admission.” 
Despite her shaking voice, Bella grinned broadly. “But I should let you know that even if you change your mind, you can keep your thoughts to yourself and shove them up where the sun doesn’t shine. Your feelings for me are the biggest insult to my being.’ 
Justin was brought back to the day he served her divorce papers. 
“I’ve had enough of this, Anna. Every second I spend in this loveless marriage is torture to me. 
-“Since Rose is coming back, it’s time for you to step down from your position as Mrs. Salvador.” 
Every hurtful word he ever said to her had come back to haunt him. 
Justin walked across the basement parking lot in a daze. 
He had no idea how he got there. Pain throbbed in his head, and his limbs felt wooden, as if he had wrestled with shadows. 
All his strength left him the moment he saw lan. 
“Mr. Salvador!” 
Noticing Justin’s glum face, lan went up to hold him and asked nervously, “Is your headache back? Get in the car. I’ll grab your medicine. 
Medicine could take his headache away.
However, nothing could treat a heartache. 
“I don’t get it, lan.” 
With his hands over his head, Justin breathed heavily and asked, “I never paid her any attention when we got married. I was mean to her, but she stayed by my side anyway. Why? Why is she brutal to me now that I want to give her the world?” 
lan furrowed his brows in shock. It upset him to see his boss anguished with emotion. 
A while later, he sighed and murmured, “Mr. Salvador, it’s because th 
young madam once loved you very, very much.’ 
However, she did not love him anymore.
###chapter479
Once Justin was gone, Bella helped Steven, who went numb all over, to the office. 
After laying Steven flat on the sofa, Bella pursed her lips and examined his limbs without bothering to wipe the sweat off her forehead. 
She could pass as a physician. 
“I’m fine, Ms. Bella.” 
Even though Steven went limp, he still had some limited mobility. He felt a lump in his throat, seeing how Bella was so concerned about him. “I’m sorry to trouble you.” 
“Don’t say that. You were only trying to help me. Don’t act so recklessly next time.” Bella leaned over to give his legs a massage. 
“I wasn’t acting recklessly.” 
Steven tried his best to sit up on the sofa. His intense gaze was proof of his stubbornness. “Even if the same thing happens a thousand times over, I will dive in to rescue you every chance I get. ” 
“Don’t be overconfident because you can fight and put yourself in danger, Steven. You’re no match for Justin. His four years in military service should mean something to you. 
Bella panicked. “He went easy on you today. If you weren’t-my secretary, he might have broken your arm. 
“He can break my arm for all I care! It doesn’t matter if I die!”
Gritting his teeth, Steven wobbled to his feet. His tall build towered over Bella. “Even if I die, I won’t allow that animal to abuse you!” 
“Steve…” Bella’s bulging eyes stared straight into his tearful gaze. 
Tears rolled down Steven’s cheeks. 
As his nervous system was numb, he did not realize that he was covered in tears and snot. 
“Why are you crying, Steve? You’re supposed to be older than me, and yet you’re a crybaby.” 
Feeling a catch in her throat, Bella teased him and reached out his tears. 
Steven somehow found the courage to hook his arm around her wa and pull her closer to him. 
His other hand pressed down on her spine as he tried to hug his beloved employer. 
Bella could take a hint. She could sense a complex blend of emotions swirling within Steven’s embrace. 
“Let go, Steve. Let’s not complicate things.” She pushed him away. 
“Ms. Bella, I’ll accept any punishment for my behavior.” The tear stains on Steven’s face softened his facial features. 
He exposed his vulnerability, fishing for Bella’s sympathy. 
It was shameless, but the misery and fury were on the verge of driving him to insanity.. 
Bella was not the easiest person to get through to. 
Bearing somber in her eyes, she jabbed Steven’s chest with two fingers.
Steven, still regaining strength, fell back onto the sofa. 
“I know you mean no harm, Steve. I won’t punish you for this.” 
Bella glanced at him with a mix of emotions, but her voice was chilling. “You are on a week-long leave starting tomorrow. You should get some rest. 
“Ms. Bella…” Steven was shocked as his heart sank to the pit of stomach. 
“You have been on edge and emotional lately. Take the week’s brea to relax and sort yourself out. Then, you can reflect on how you intend to carry on working with me.
###chapter480
A day had passed since Bethany was brought in for questioning in the middle of the night. 
The past 24 hours have been torture for a privileged heiress like Bethany. Although she was well-fed, her eye bags were heavy, and her face was haggard from the barrage of questions. She had not been out of her seat for hours. 
The intense glare of the spotlight could roast her carefully maintained hair. 
It was just pure anguish. 
“I didn’t. I didn’t send Xena to be a corporate espionage. I have nothing to do with it. Bella set me up! I’m innocent!” 
Bethany was worn out. Despite feeling tired and sleepy, she continued to deny ever getting involved. 
The door to the interrogation room opened. 
A man in a sleek suit, carrying a black briefcase, entered the room with confidence. 
“Officers, I am Ms. Bethany Salvador’s defense attorney. My name is Hunter Lovett:” 
Hunter Lovett? 
Bethany’s dead eyes lit up. 
Hunter looked at her with a smile. His gaze was rather consoling. “I need a word with my client.” 
Bethany followed Hunter to another room. She was only allowed visitation with her lawyer. 
“Did my dad send you, Mr. Lovett?”
Bethany grabbed Hunter’s hand as tears rained down her face. “Save me. I can’t go on like this.” 
“Don’t worry, Ms. Salvador. I took your case because I am confident about clearing you of the charges.’ 
Hunter’s voice was soothing, but his eyes were sharp. “But before that can happen, I need your full cooperation. I need to know the full story, and I expect no lies. 
“Sure thing!” 
Bethany nodded incessantly. Since Hunter was able to get her mother out of trouble before, he must be able to help her. Hence, Bethany gave the full account. 
Hunter listened to the whole thing with a blank face. 
“Mr. Lovett, can you figure out a way to deal with Bella? She’s evil.” 
Bethany pounded the desk in rage. “If it were not for that bitch, I wouldn’t even be in this situation.” 
“Ms. Thompson is the plaintiff, Ms. Salvador. She’s the victim. I don’t have to remind you that she’s the daughter of Wyatt Thompson. 
Hunter’s eyes were dark. “We are facing a huge challenge. Ms. 
Thompson is relentless. You would be lucky to get away with it, so you shouldn’t ask for more. 
Bethany was annoyed to be told off. 
However, she needed to curb her temper as she needed Hunter’s help. 
“The witness is the journalist, Xena Gordon. The fact that she had an affair with the director of Headlines could come in handy. We can use this information to question the reliability of her account.
Hiding his emotions behind his eyes, Hunter twirled his pen. “We have a suspect called Henry Yates. He went out with Xena Gordon before the whole thing went down. That’s our best chance to get the charges dropped.” 
“A-Are you saying that we can put the blame on Henry?” Bethany whispered in surprise. 
Hunter let out a thought-provoking smile. 
Bethany asked, “But would he take the fall? As far as I know, he broke up with Xena.”
###chapter481
“That’s not for you to worry about.” 
As the top defense attorney in the city, Hunter’s success couldn’t solely be attributed to his family’s connections in the legal world. He was equally indebted to his meticulous and ruthless approach to his cases. 
Sometimes, he had to resort to the necessary means to win a case and get the charges dropped. 
Despite Steven’s pleas, Bella refused to withdraw his mandatory leave. 
Bella made it clear that the purpose of the week-long break was not to give him rest. He should use the time to reflect on his attitude and how he would see her. 
Following Ada’s multiple requests, Bella, also known as Alexa, caved in and graced Ada with her presence. 
Ada no longer carried the pride of an international star in front of Bella. She served Bella drinks and catered to her needs like a fangirl. 
Bella had no intention of making things any more difficult for Ada. Sure, Bella was Alexa, but her role as a businesswoman was first and foremost. The hotel’s reputation and profit took precedence over her personal feelings. 
So, she agreed to host Ada’s wedding at her hotel. 
Ada could not be happier.
That was not the only thing. Ada was open to a generous budget and to be an ambassador for the KS Group’s future products. She would do it without a fee to make up for her previous disrespect. 
“Ms. Thompson, what is this?” Staring at the document in front of her, Ada asked in surprise. 
Bella sipped on her coffee with poise. “It’s a new planning proposal for your wedding.” 
Ada and her agent exchanged glances in shock. “That was quick.” 
She completed the proposal at record speed. 
“I didn’t prepare the proposal in haste. I had this ready a long time ago.” 
Bella put down her coffee mug. “I kept a backup ready, just in case, when I planned the first proposal for you. I thought the backup proposal wouldn’t be needed, but it came in handy after all.” 
Ada pressed her lips together as an uneasy feeling washed over her. 
“The wedding is around the corner, Ms. Thompson. It will take a lot of work to set up the venue. Do we have enough time?” The agent asked worriedly. 
“I know Ms. Ada is a fan of the gothic aesthetic. Are you keen on black roses?” Bella asked with a smile. 
“Black roses?” Ada squealed excitedly. 
“The venue is still decked out with tons of red roses from the previous planning. We are tight on time to remove all the flowers and start over. It would be easier to switch out the red roses for black Ecuadorian roses. 
Ada’s face was flushed with thrill.
She was pleased with Bella’s first proposal, but Bella just gave her the wedding of her dreams with her second proposal. 
The meaning of black roses was mystery, desire, and possession. 
It was a romance unlike any other, with a blend of quirk and charm. 
“Black roses? Aren’t those more suited for funerals?” The agent asked meekly. 
She believed the wedding visuals would rock the online community. 
Seeing that it was also the wedding of a celebrity, the wedding would be the talk of the town for days to come. 
Bella was a business marvel. She might be in it for profit, but her main ive was to propel the hotel to the international scene. 
However, the agent suspected it would come at the cost of exploiting Ada.
###chapter482
“Am I getting married, or are you getting married? I’m talking business with Ms. Thompson. It is rude of you to butt in.” 
Ada glared at her agent. “I chose to work with Ms. Thompson because I have the utmost trust in her. I’m glad to accept her suggestions, so keep your thoughts to yourself.” 
Once Bella and Ada signed a new agreement, Bella entrusted her team to see Ada’s party off while she passed the assignment details to her employees before leaving for the day. 
She saw Asher’s Rolls Royce waiting outside the office entrance. The chauffeur opened the door for her with respect. 
“Ash! What brings you here to pick me up?” Bella got into the car and sought Asher’s attention by clinging to his neck. 
“I heard that you gave Steve a week-long vacation.” Asher stroked her head. 
“Yeah. He’s been tired lately. It’s a much-needed rest for him.” 
“Is that so?” 
Asher narrowed his eyes, seeing through her. “Trouble seems to follow you lately, and you need help. Why did you dismiss Steve in a time of need? Did you have a lover’s squabble?” 
Bella furrowed her brows. “What are you trying to say, Ash? We’re not dating. What do you mean by a lover’s squabble?” 
“Ah, I guess the guy doesn’t get to bring home the girl, then.”
“What are you talking about, Ash?” Bella’s eyes widened. 
“Steve’s feelings for you are clear to us,” Asher said with a faint smile. 
“Us?” 
“Aunt Mila too. She mentioned it to me a few days ago because she couldn’t bring herself to tell you.” 
Bella was speechless. Everybody was aware of Steven’s little crush on her. 
As if things were not awkward enough as they were. 
“Aunt Mila was worried that Steve’s feelings for you might be an inconvenience to your life since you spend every waking minute together. She doesn’t feel comfortable that you are living with him in the Savrow villa,” Asher said while holding his sister’s hand. 
Mila’s observation of Bella’s love life was out of concern because 
Bella was like a daughter to Mila. 
For all Mila knew, Steven could give in to his primal urges and get handsy with Bella. 
“I have faith in Steve’s character. He will never overstep his boundaries, but I have to ask why you gave him a long vacation out of the blue.” 
“Honestly speaking, I’m giving Steve a chance to reflect on his actions.” 
Bella did not need anything from her brother. Her expression turned solemn. “I have noticed his feelings for me, so I told him to take the week off to get into the right mindset. It’s a wake-up call for him.
“If he can’t move on, I can’t keep him by my side anymore.” 
Asher scowled. “That’s harsh. Are you really going to drop him if that happens?” 
“I’m doing this for his own good.” 
Bella sighed miserably. “A man is not in the cards for me anymore. Things will never happen between us. It will hurt and pain him to work alongside me, knowing his feelings will never be reciprocated. I know the heartbreak of having the one that got away. I don’t want the people I care about to ever go through that. Steve is a nice guy. He shouldn’t be wasting his time with me. He deserves better.” 
Feeling for Bella, Asher gave her a big hug. 
His phone rang. 
Without pushing his sister away, Asher answered the phone with a stern voice, “What is it?” 
“Mr. Thompson, Bethany was just released without charge. H Lovett got her out.”
###chapter483
Bethany finally tasted freedom after being held for three days in custody. 
Hunter Lovett instructed Gregory to contain the news by all means necessary, but Justin caught wind of it right away. 
“How did Bethany get off without charges? Don’t you have eyes on 
Xena? Did Hunter approach her?” Justin pounded the car window with a menacing look. 
“Mr. Salvador, the issue isn’t Xena. It’s Henry.” 
lan was fuming. “Our sources revealed that Hunter met with Henry in secret at the detention center with Gregory’s help. I don’t know what he said to intimidate Henry, but Henry took all of the blame, so Bethany is cleared of suspicion.” 
“What else could he say? Hunter likely exploited something personal about him and threatened his family’s safety.” 
The top attorney had no qualms about resorting to underhanded tactics. 
Justin grimaced, his clenching fits shaking. “Neil’s reputation as a fair judge is ruined by his eldest son.” 
“Now that Henry has become the scapegoat, Xena might be in-” 
A phone call interrupted lan. 
“What is it?” 
With furrowed brows, lan reported back to Justin after ending the call.
“I have bad news, Mr. Salvador. The police have arrested Xena for defamation and falsifying evidence. 
That was to be expected. 
Xena had it coming. 
Still, Justin saw red. 
Meanwhile, Bethany cried on the way back to Tideview Manor for her new lease on life. 
Shannon and Bethany embraced each other in tears, playing out the loving mother and daughter in front of Gregory and Nigel. 
Years ago, Shannon could not act to save her life. Now, her acting was the essence of her being. 
“Mom! Dad! You must avenge me. Bella and Zoe screwed me over real bad.” 
Bethany would not miss a chance to put Bella down in front of Nigel. She ran and fell on her knees before Nigel’s wheelchair. “Grandpa, Bella is trying to ruin me. She’s manipulative and wicked. I’m lucky 
Mr. Lovett got me out, or you won’t be seeing your lovely granddaughter again.” 
Nigel did not know what to feel about Bethany’s accusation. 
He did not believe that Bella, affectionately known to him as Anna, was what Bethany described her to be. But on the other hand, the police mentioned that Anna had filed charges against Bethany. 
Nigel was once again caught between a rock and a hard place.
The last time he was in that position was during Salvador Corporation’s rapid development over twenty years ago. 
In a rapid bid to dominate the market and expand Salvador Corporation, Nigel’s two sons, Gregory and Gary, became embroiled in a bribery scandal involving land acquisition. Ultimately, Gary shouldered the blame entirely due to Nigel’s bias towards the eldest, Gregory, and Gregory’s ill health. Gary was sentenced to four years in prison. 
To Nigel’s dismay, Gary died of a heart attack in prison six months into his sentencing. 
Nigel mourned the loss of his youngest son, but the death drove 
Nigel’s wife to despair, and her health succumbed to the weight of her sorrows. 
“Grandpa, I told you Bella doesn’t mean well. She must have ulterior motives to marry into our family.” 
Bethany leaned against Nigel, bawling her eyes out. “Bella shows kindness to get something out of you. She probably wants to sc you out of the company shares.” 
“That’s right, Nigel.”
###chapter484
Shannon stirred the pot, making a villain out of Bella. “Bella withheld the fact that she was Wyatt’s daughter right from the start. She hung around you to gain your trust so she could marry Justin. Just think about it. That was what she had been planning all along. We were lucky that Justin did not fall for her and divorced her before any damage was done. If Bella had Justin’s love and your trust, she would have penetrated Salvador Corporation and taken control of the company.” 
“Enough. Anna isn’t that type of girl.” 
Nigel waved his arm frustratedly. “Besides, I know Wyatt. He may be a flirt, but he’s a gentleman with principles. I refuse to believe that he would raise a daughter of poor character.” 
“Dad!” 
“Grandpa!” 
“And another thing. The Thompsons possess resources and wealth, if not more, comparable to ours. Ms. Thompson would not be throwing away her marriage to marry Justin for some company shares. Hmph! I would expect that tasteless behavior from Rosalind, but Ms. Thompson has it all. She couldn’t possibly and wouldn’t stoop so low to engage in such activities.” Nigel was biased toward Bella to begin with. Faced with Shannon’s exaggeration, Nigel felt obliged to stand up for Bella. 
Grimacing in fury, Shannon was tempted to knock over the old bastard’s wheelchair with a kick. 
“Either way, Ms. Thompson is hostile toward Salvador Corporation.” 
Gregory knew that his daughter was the aggressor, but he would not admit his failed parenting to Nigel. Instead, he stated in defiance,” Even if we have an internal dispute, Bella is in no place to tell us what to do. She has leveraged her family’s influence to restrict us on several occasions. She got Shannon in
trouble the last time, and most recently, she tried to put Bethany behind bars over something trivial. She’s clearly waging war against us. Ms. Thompson has changed since returning to her family. She will undoubtedly choose her family’s gain over her relationship with you.” 
Nigel heaved heavily while clutching the arms of his wheelchair. 
“Matt, get Anna to see me. I need to hear it from her.” 
Meanwhile, Justin pulled up on the driveway of Tideview Manor. Ian opened the door for him. 
As the man stepped out of the vehicle indifferently, a black Maserati parked next to him. 
Hunter, looking sharp in his suit, emerged out of the car. 
“What a coincidence, Mr. Salvador.” 
“Ha. Chairman Salvador must have gotten himself into some shady mess for you to come at this hour, Mr. Lovett. Are you cleaning up after him?” Justin scoffed and sneered. 
Hunter responded calmly with a smile, “Chairman Salvador hired me to be Ms. Bethany’s defense attorney. I have a responsibility to see my job through to the end. I pride myself on integrity as a professional lawyer. I guess you’re not well-versed in the legal field, Mr. Salvador. It’s okay. We are in different professions after all.” 
Narrowing his eyes and pursing his lips, Justin approached Hunter aggressively. 
Hunter stepped back with a frown. 
He lost the moment he backed away. In the face of the man’s intimidation, Hunter surrendered in the battle of wills.
“The legal field is shrouded in shades of gray. Sure, we have many lawyers dedicating themselves to fighting for the poor and underprivileged, but we also have others like you who serve the interests of corporations. You’ll just stop at nothing to get what you want.” 
Hunter’s smile froze. 
“I have no right to interfere with your personal goal, but here’s a warning to you.” 
Justin’s piercing gaze filled Hunter with dread. “You are free to be ruthless and dishonest, but Bella Thompson is off-limits. She’s important to me, so if you do anything to her, I might just return the favor in kind.”
###chapter485
Justin said his piece before taking strides away. 
Hunter stood there, rooted to the ground. The humiliation coursed through his veins. 
Born into a family of lawyers and judges, Hunter faced high expectations from his parents and admiration from his brothers. Life came easily to him, and he rose to become an elite among his peers. 
Even the industry giants had to humble themselves to get his help. 
Hunter had never been so insulted. 
Hang on. 
Furrowing his brows, Hunter stared at the man’s cocky back. 
Hunter wondered about Bella’s relationship with Justin. It was hard to believe Justin, who kept his distance from women, lost his temper because of her. 
Bella was Wyatt Thompson’s daughter, and Hunter knew as much. A fine woman like Bella would not settle for anything less than perfection for a man. 
There was only one possibility: Justin had a crush on Bella, who was way out of his league. 
So what if Justin was good-looking? 
Justin’s mother never married his father before her death. His position as president of Salvador Corporation was a mere handout from his father.
“Ha, Despite your privileged upbringing and prestigious title, you’re not the rightful heir, Justin. You are delusional to think you are worthy of Ms. Thompson.” 
Hunter entered the villa with a menacing look. 
The group was surprised to see Hunter coming in right behind Justin. 
“This is Hunter Lovett, Dad. Mr. Lovett is a valuable attorney. He played a crucial role in getting Bethany out.” 
Gregory introduced Hunter to Nigel enthusiastically. “I plan to hire Mr. Lovett as the director of our corporate legal team. What do you think?” 
“Hello, Old Master Nigel. I have heard many good things about you. 
It’s an honor to meet you.” Hunter nodded at Nigel courteously with a smile. 
“Hunter Lovett… Are you Neil Lovett’s eldest son?” Nigel observed him and asked in a serious tone. 
“Yes. Neil Lovett is my father.” 
Hunter looked proud and happy. “Are you an old friend of my father, Mr. Salvador?” 
Justin scowled at Hunter’s interaction with Nigel. 
He detested a phony gentleman like Hunter. However, Nigel seemed to know Hunter’s father. 
“I know him.” 
Nigel looked at Hunter with a pretentious smile. “Your father presided over my youngest son’s, Gary’s, case. He’s a fair judge and sentenced my son to four years in jail.”
Everybody was shocked. 
Color washed off Hunter’s complexion, and he could not keep a smile on his face. 
With the memories of his dark past sweeping over Gregory, he grimaced. 
Justin picked up on Gregory’s subtle change of expression. 
“My father is competent at his job, but he’s not a flexible man, Old 
Master Nigel. I would like to apologize for his behavior on his behalf.” 
Following the turn of events, Hunter assumed Nigel carried a grudge from the past and apologized right away. 
“Heh. That’s interesting.” 
Nigel raised a brow. “Did your father make a wrong judgment? Why are you apologizing for him?” 
“I…” Hunter froze. 
“It’s only right for a judge to be fair and impartial. Seeing that you apologized on his behalf, are you undermining his authority?” 
“I… You got the wrong idea, Old Master Nigel. That’s not my intention.” Hunter chuckled dryly. 
“I have heard about you. You are well known for representing the rich and famous.” 
Nigel scoffed. “I wouldn’t have associated you with your father if you hadn’t mentioned you’re his son. You are the complete opposite of your father.”
###chapter486
Everyone could tell those words were full of sarcasm! 
Was this not a question about Hunter’s character? 
Justin could not help but smile slightly, while Gregory and Shannon’s expressions turned ugly. 
“Old Master Nigel!” 
Right then, Nigel’s secretary, Matt Upton, hurried in and said respectfully, “Ms. Thompson has arrived.” 
Justin’s heart thumped, and his eyes widened. 
Everyone looked toward the door in unison with complicated gazes, 
Click, click, click. 
The sharp and crisp sound of high heels clacking on the floor seemed to strike straight into Justin’s heart. 
Bella entered this place where she had once resided for three yea but the dignified and cold aura that she exuded at the moment w as if this was her first time here. 
In that instant, Justin went into a daze. 
It felt as if they had not divorced. 
“Grandpa Nigel, I’m here!” 
Bella smiled brightly and walked over to Nigel without looking elsewhere.
When she passed Justin, she did not linger even a little, as if they were complete strangers to each other. 
Justin took a deep breath, his fingers slowly clenching into fists out of sight. His heart was pounding hard even as it sank. 
Every time he met his ex-wife after the divorce, it felt like he was undergoing excruciating torture and great upheaval. 
“Bella Thompson…!” 
Bethany glared at Bella’s beautiful face. If Shannon had not been holding her back, Bethany would have pounced on Bella and torn her to pieces by now. 
“Oh, Hunt! What a coincidence!” 
When Bella passed Hunter, she suddenly stopped and looked at him/ with a smile. 
Hunter was taken aback. 
The rest were very stunned too. 
Hunt? It was such a close address that everyone wondered if Bella and Hunter had an intimate relationship. 
“Ms. Thompson, it’s been a while since we met.” Hunter forced a smile, responding with a more distant form of address. 
“Indeed. It’s been five or six years since you last visited my dad, hasn’t it? He even mentioned you some time ago. Our families have known each other for a very long time. I remember when I was
young, Uncle Neil often brought you and Steve over to our house to visit. It’s a shame the two of us haven’t really kept in contact in recent years and have lost touch now.” 
Bella looked at Gregory Salvador’s shocked face with a smile. ” Chairman Salvador, you didn’t know, did you? Uncle Neil and his three sons have always been my family friends. Uncle Neil was even the head of KS Group’s legal department for a while after he retired. It’s just that Uncle Neil keeps a low profile, so not many people know about this.” 
Hunter forced himself to keep smiling, but his face was burning. 
Bella’s words seemed nonchalant, but every word made a rope that wrapped around his throat!’ 
The last thing he was willing to mention to the public was the fact that his family had once enjoyed the Thompsons’ favor. He did not even want to admit to himself that he would not have been able to achieve what he had today without the Thompsons’ support. 
Hunter wanted to become stronger, expand his influence, and increase his family’s status. To do that, he had to get out of the Thompsons’ shadow. 
“Mr. Lovett, I didn’t expect you to be so close to the Thompsons,” Gregory said meaningfully. 
“My father was indeed KS Group’s legal advisor for a time, but he stepped down a long time ago. I haven’t had any contact with the Thompsons for many years,” Hunter hurriedly said, his words explicitly and implicitly distancing himself from the Thompsons. 
“Hunt-no, Mr. Lovett.” 
Bella narrowed her eyes slightly, her smile gradually growing cold and mocking. “I think you still remember how much hardship your family went through when Uncle Neil retired as a judge. If it weren’t for my father’s help, it would probably have been very difficult for you to overcome it. My father was
kind to your father back then, and your family benefited a lot from mine. We have never wanted repayment for it. But you still shouldn’t work with outsiders to try and trip me up.” 
Ms. Bella’s red lips curled in a cold but beautiful sneer. “Is it part of your lawyer’s code of ethics to be ungrateful and to burn the bridge once you’ve crossed it?”
###chapter487
Bella’s forceful questioning seemed to have ripped off Hunter’s veil and labeled him ungrateful. 
Bella thought to herself; ‘Did you not want to distance yourself from the Thompsons? Alright, then. I’ll bring up exactly what you didn’t want to be mentioned and expose the thoughts you didn’t want to see the light of day for everyone to see!’ 
Hunter’s lips were pressed tightly together, and though they still held the semblance of a smile, his gaze toward Bella was not at all friendly. 
In fact, his gaze had turned cold. 
Hunter thought, ‘This was the woman my brother Steven was so smitten with? A sarcastic, willful, sharp-tongued shrew?! If Steven married a troublesome woman like that, would our family have any more peaceful days in the future? Would it not be chaos?!’ 
The atmosphere became tense and awkward. 
Gregory Salvador felt that Bella Thompson was pretty much the bane of his existence. Every time he saw her, she just had to make trouble. 
Hunter’s capability as a lawyer was unquestionable. Gregory always wanted to take Hunter under his wing, but he had not known Hunter had such a connection to the Thompsons, which made him very uncomfortable. 
“So it turns out that Mr. Lovett had such a past with the Thompsons that no one knew about.” 
Justin’s words were directed toward Hunter, but his deep gaze never left Bella. “And it looks like Ms. Thompson is the daughter of your benefactor. Is this how you repay kindness, Mr. Lovett? By butting
heads with Ms. Thompson over and over.” 
Bella could not help but frown as she digested what Justin said. 
Was he standing up for her? Was he taking the side of an outsider, hers, in front of his family? 
He had never taken her side, even when they had been husband and wife. Was he doing an about- face and trying to make it up to her? 
Bella thought, ‘That’s not necessary! He must be mad!’ 
Upon hearing this, Nigel frowned even more deeply. 
“Ha! Ms. Thompson, so according to you, I can’t be a lawyer just because I, as a Lovett, received the kindness of your family? Is that it?” 
Hunter would not just stand there and let himself be mocked. A fake smile appeared on his face. “I am a professional. In my eyes, there are only two kinds of people-clients and non-clients. Ms. Bethany 
Salvador is my client, so of course, I have to do my best for her. 
There’s nothing wrong with that, is there? If you hired me, Ms. 
Thompson, I’d fulfill my duties in the same way. This has nothing to do with any repayment of kindness, don’t you think so?” 
Justin’s fist clenched and his eyes darkened at the sight of Hunter’s secretly smug expression. 
“Oh, my! I wouldn’t dare to hire you, O great Mr. Lovett!”
Bella hurriedly waved her hands with a shocked look. “Such an amazing lawyer as you would be a double-edged sword. One day you’d be helping me fight my case, but the next, you’d be helping others sue me, wouldn’t you?” 
As Bella spoke, she poked her face. “You won’t even give my family the slightest bit of consideration even though my father is your father’s benefactor, after all. How could a mere girl such as I amount to anything in your esteemed eyes? Once you’ve changed your allegiance and others want you to attack me, wouldn’t you have to do the best you can then? I simply can’t afford to hire such a great personage as you!” 
Bella felt goosebumps rise all over her own body even as she finished speaking. 
Ew! 
Even Rosalind Gold at her best had to admit defeat when Bella started being bitchy. 
Justin could not stop the corners of his lips from curling up when he saw the innocent look on Bella’s face that actually hid malicious intentions. 
Hunter stifled a cough, so angry his chest started hurting. 
At first, Bethany Salvador wanted to rely on the fact that she was on her home ground and in Hunter Lovett’s presence to taunt Bella. Even if she could not actually do anything to her, she would have been able to vent her anger.
###chapter488
But in the end, even Hunter had to admit defeat to Bella’s flurry of barbs. Bethany did not dare cause any trouble and hid behind 
Shannon like a turtle that had retreated into its shell. 
“Grandpa Nigel!” 
Bella walked to Nigel’s side and took his dry and wrinkled hand. She had a worried look on her face. They looked closer than Bethany was to Nigel. “Did you call me over so late at night because you’re feeling unwell?” 
“Don’t worry, child. I’m fine.” 
Nigel looked gently into her clear gaze and patted the back of her hand. “I’m fine. I’m still healthy.” 
Bella sighed in relief. “That’s good, then.” 
“Anna, I actually called you over this time for nothing serious. The main reason is that I missed you and wanted to see you, but I also wanted to ask… What on earth happened between you and Bethany? How did things get to this point?” 
Nigel said earnestly, “Both you and Bethany are my granddaughters, and I hope you guys can get along. I feel very worried every time things are blown out of proportion like this.” 
But Bella understood that this was Grandpa Nigel’s way of speaking up for his biological granddaughter, Bethany. 
Inexplicably, her nose soured, and she choked up a little.
No matter how well she treated Grandpa Nigel, blood was thicker than water, even if the “obedient granddaughter ” he spoke of was a malicious repeat backstabber. 
“The two days Bethany was in custody were unbearable!” 
Shannon took this opportunity to cry out, all choked up, as she hugged a sobbing Bethany. “They took turns to interrogate your granddaughter for twenty-four hours non-stop, threatening and scolding her and not letting her sleep! Look—she’s been tortured beyond recognition!” 
Bethany did look a lot more haggard and looked even more pitiful as she sobbed. 
Nigel had doted on his eldest granddaughter since Bethany was young. Although it was true that Bethany was not as talented as Bella was or as good at pleasing him, and she rarely visited him after becoming an adult and living her own life, Bethany was still his biological granddaughter. At his age, elderly people like him only wished for peace within the family and to enjoy life. 
When Justin saw Bella’s eyes redden slightly and her expression had lost the vitality it had earlier, he felt an indescribable discomfort. 
It was obvious she had been hurt. 
He suddenly remembered that in the three years she had been married to him, she had always lived like an outsider in this house. 
At the time, he had not known how to be considerate of her and even hoped this would make her give up and ask for a divorce of her own accord. 
At this current moment, it was like a scene from the past was happening again.
But this time, Justin, who had already missed past opportunities, would not allow himself to miss it a second time. 
Thus, he strode up to his grandfather with a cold expression and a hint of anger in his dark eyes. 
Everyone was stunned by his next move. 
They watched as Justin lifted his arm and casually wrapped it around Bella’s shoulders, pulling her closer in a domineering manner, as if she had always been his wife and they had never divorced. 
Bella stared at him with wide eyes as she froze. 
“Justin, you-!” 
“Grandpa.” 
Justin did not give her the chance to break free. His large palm gripped her rounded shoulders firmly. 
“Instead of asking Ms. Thompson what happened, you should ask your good little granddaughter Bethany Salvador what on earth she’s done.”
###chapter489
Bella could feel the burning warmth of Justin’s palm pulse through her flesh. 
Crazy bastard! 
What on earth had gotten into him again? She wanted his dirty hands off her. 
As if he could tell that she wanted to break free, Justin tightened his grip to the point that he was almost crushing her shoulder. He was forcefully keeping them close. 
Everyone was shocked to see the formerly married pair so close to each other. 
Only Nigel smiled widely in a surprised but relieved manner. His slightly gloomy mood vanished instantly. 
Nigel thought, ‘Ah! Was Anna back together with Justin?! Though her expression did not seem too happy, did it not? Oh, whatever! It did matter if Justin was being persistent or overbearing. My wooden block of a grandson has finally been enlightened! This is great ne that there has been progress in their relationship! I might just set fireworks in celebration!’ 
Bella could no longer bear it and slowly lifted her foot while the others were distracted before stomping on Justin heavily. 
“Ugh!” Justin frowned slightly, and he grunted in pain, but only Bella could hear it. 
She smiled evilly as she ground the stiletto she was wearing viciously into Justin’s high-end, handmade leather loafer. 
Phew! Bella felt much better now to see Justin in pain.
However, Justin was in so much pain that his thin lips were trembling. 
The intense pain almost made his soul leave his body. 
He gritted his teeth as he slowly turned his gaze to the woman in his arms, whose face had satisfaction written all over it. 
Unconsciously, his frown slowly smoothed out. ‘Ha! Did bullying me make her so happy? If that’s the case, I don’t mind letting her step on me again.’ 
“Grandpa! I’ve been falsely accused!” 
Bethany felt that, at this rate, the formerly married pair were going to sentence her to death in front of her grandfather. Thus, she pulled 
Hunter along to make herself look innocent. “If I really was guilty, I would not have been acquitted, even if Mr. Lovett was an all-powerful lawyer! The police aren’t idiots. Wouldn’t real criminals leave behind some evidence? It was all this wicked woman’s fault. She made things up to frame me!” 
“Old Master Nigel, the police have a strict process for handling cases.” 
Hunter spoke up for Bethany then. “I am Ms. Bethany’s lawyer. All I can do is make sure that things are in my client’s favor as much as legally possible. I can’t make what’s false become true either.” 
He turned to look at Bella with a sinister gaze. “Ms. Thompson, I don’t know what personal grudges you hold against my client, but I still don’t think you should use dishonorable means to solve the issue. And besides, considering Chairman Thompson’s magnanimity, his daughter should have the grace to be tolerant of others, shouldn’t she?” 
Bella narrowed her eyes slightly and let out a cold huff. ‘Ha! This man must be living in the shadows, since he’s so good at throwing shade.
It looked like he really had forgotten how his father had lowered his head when he led him to our door to thank and show respect to Wyatt. 
Hunter had essentially labeled Bella merciless and turned the tides against her. 
“Ha.” 
Suddenly, Justin let out a chilling laugh. 
His laugh was magnetic but intimidating, and even Bella, still in his arms, could not help but feel a slight fear. 
“I must have been too nice because you seem to think you’re really something, Mr. Lovett.” 
The corners of Justin’s eyes turned slightly bloodshot as he turned his sharp gaze toward Hunter. “Did you forget so quickly what I said to you before we came inside earlier? Is your brain malfunctioning?” 
Bella’s eyes widened in shock. 
Justin had interacted with Hunter before this? 
What had they said to each other? 
Shannon and Bethany were both intimidated and took a small step back. They felt that Justin right now was scarier than a monster. 
Hunter’s false smile was about to fall apart as his expression gradually distorted in fear and anger 
“Justin! Is that how you speak to Mr. Lovett? He’s our guest!” Gregory could not help but rebuke.
After all, he still wanted to put Hunter Lovett to good use in the future and make him his protege. Was Justin not messing things up by acting like that now? 
“He’s your guest, not mine.” 
Justin’s cold gaze swept toward Gregory’s distended and red face and slowly moved back to Bella’s clear and beautiful eyes. 
As their eyes met, his gaze turned tender as if the whole world had vanished, leaving just her in his eyes 
“I said before that I would not give whoever dared to cause trouble for Ms. Thompson a good ending.” 
Bella took in a shocked breath, her heart faintly trembling. She could not look away from Justin, as if her gaze had been drawn to him like a magnet. 
Hunter swallowed heavily, his hands clenching out of sight. 
“Do you recall what I said now, Mr. Lovett?”
###chapter490
The moment Bella Thompson appeared, the Salvadors were bound to be thrown into chaos and dispersed unhappily. 
Bella was not in the mood, nor did she feel the need to explain anything to Nigel because she felt the truth would come out eventually. 
Besides, she had learned long ago from Wyatt and Mila about Hunter 
Lovett’s way of dealing with people and things. Since he could get 
Bethany Salvador out of the police station, it meant he had already dealt with the hidden dangers. Even if she knew he had threatened 
Henry into taking the fall, the police had already closed the case and would not be able to reopen it for the time being. 
Hunter was as dangerous as his smile was polite. 
Nevertheless, Nigel had no intention of making things difficult for 
Bella, since he trusted her character. He had seen for himself how sincere she was. 
If he could not trust even Anna, who on this earth could he trust, then? 
Bella personally wheeled Nigel back to his room. 
Justin followed behind her from start to finish, sticking to her closely. 
Bella was very annoyed and unhappy about this.
But tonight, Nigel was overjoyed as he watched the young couple hover around him with a pleased smile on his face. His smile was so wide that both rows of teeth were showing. He was in such great 
The moment Bella Thompson appeared, the Salvadors were bound to be thrown into chaos and dispersed unhappily. 
Bella was not in the mood, nor did she feel the need to explain anything to Nigel because she felt the truth would come out eventually. 
Besides, she had learned long ago from Wyatt and Mila about Hunter 
Lovett’s way of dealing with people and things. Since he could get 
Bethany Salvador out of the police station, it meant he had already dealt with the hidden dangers. Even if she knew he had threatened Henry into taking the fall, the police had already closed the case and would not be able to reopen it for the time being. 
Hunter was as dangerous as his smile was polite. 
Nevertheless, Nigel had no intention of making things difficult for Bella, since he trusted her character. He had seen for himself how sincere she was. 
If he could not trust even Anna, who on this earth could he trust, then? 
Bella personally wheeled Nigel back to his room. 
Justin followed behind her from start to finish, sticking to her closely. 
Bella was very annoyed and unhappy about this. 
But tonight, Nigel was overjoyed as he watched the young couple hover around him with a pleased smile on his face. His smile was so wide that both rows of teeth were showing. He was in such great
spirits, as if he had returned to his youth. 
It was not just love that could nourish the spirit. Watching a couple he shipped interact with each other was pretty nourishing too! 
“I’m sorry, Grandpa Nigel. I’ve been really busy lately and couldn’t make time to come visit you. You must be mad at me, aren’t you?” Bella looked guilty. 
“What are you saying, you silly child? I’ll be very happy as long as you just keep me in mind.” 
Nigel clasped her warm hand tightly as he gave Justin a meaningful glance. “You’re so young. You should go out, have fun, and meet good men. I heard Ryan Hoffman and Christopher Iverson are pretty. close to you. What do you think of them? Are there any other gentlemen that you’re interested in? If you have one, you ought to bring him to meet me! I’ll help you evaluate him!” 
Justin’s eye twitched. He felt suffocated and pained, as if his grandfather had swung a huge hammer straight at his chest. 
Justin thought, ‘This old man wanted to play matchmaker even though he’s confined to a wheelchair and tried to match haphazardly! 
Was he not afraid that his darling Anna would show up with a wolf in sheep’s clothing?!’ 
Justin’s eyes reddened as his breathing obviously quickened with agitation. 
Bella could not help but be surprised. “Grandpa Nigel, how did you know about Christopher?” 
“Oh, I’m all-knowing, you see. I know everything without even stepping out of my home.” Nigel boasted while he was at it. 
“Ah. I’ve known Christopher since I was young.”
“Are you childhood sweethearts, then?” Nigel felt a little nervous. 
“Uh…” Bella hummed with a smile. “I think I was more like a big sister, and he was like a little brother to me. He was so weak when we were young, so he needed me to take care of him!” Bella raised her delicate chin slightly. She had one hand on her waist as she smiled brightly. 
The 24-year-old young lady in front of him was still as bright, lively, 
Justin stared fixedly at her bright expression. Suddenly, his vision blurred, and a sharp pain stabbed through his brain. 
He was afraid that Bella and his grandfather would see this, so he hurriedly turned around and pressed a hand to his throbbing temples as the pain caused a cold sweat to soak his back. 
Somewhere in the deep recesses of his memory, her smile slowly overlapped with that of a little girl’s blurry face. 
He always had a feeling that he met Bella a very, very long time ago. 
But why was it that he just could not remember? 
“Is that so? I’ve never heard you mention you were so close to the Iverson boy before, though.” 
Nigel was not that into gossip, but he paid more attention when it concerned the future of his grandson’s love life. 
“We lost touch when he moved overseas to Sentania with his mother. 
Not long ago, we happened to bump into each other, and we reconnected.” Bella was very open about her relationship with
Christopher and was honest with Grandpa Nigel. 
“Ah…I heard that he donated an extravagant collector’s necklace to help build steam for the charity auction you organized previously. I can see he’s very thoughtful toward you.” Nigel continued testing her. 
Bella smiled faintly. “He probably only helped me out of gratitude for helping him when we were kids and for old times’ sake.” 
“Ah… In that case, Chairman Iverson’s youngest son is a kind-hearted person who knows how to repay kindness.” 
As he said so, Nigel looked disdainfully at Justin, feeling angrier the more he looked at him. “Hmph! He’s much better than this wooden block over here!” 
Old Master Nigel was not taking an outsider’s side. He was just frustrated with Justin for not living up to his expectations and took the opportunity to try to provoke him into stepping up to the plate the moment it arose. 
“Grandpa Nigel, please don’t blame Mr. Salvador for our divorce. I made it very clear from the beginning that it was mutually decide upon. I don’t have any hard feelings for him.” 
Bella looked back. Her calm gaze made Justin’s heart twinge. “Mr. Salvador isn’t as cold as you say he is either. He’s always known how to repay kindness, how to show affection, and how to dote on someone.” 
In that instant, Justin felt a stabbing pain in his heart as his throat choked up with remorse, his broad shoulders trembling slightly. 
He did know how to repay kindness and how to show affection.
But all of his passion had been directed in the wrong direction. It was only when he had run into a wall and started bleeding from it that he realized he had been so stupid. 
But he really did not want to be compared to Christopher Iverson. 
In Bella’s eyes, he was not as good as Christopher.
###chapter491
Bella gave Nigel a few more reminders about his health before excusing herself and leaving the room. 
She had just left the room when Justin hurriedly came after her. 
“I’ll send you home,” Justin said simply. 
Bella had to suppress her anger in front of Nigel earlier. At this moment, it finally erupted as she quickly took a few steps back and pointed at his face. 
She yelled loudly, “Halt!” 
Justin frowned in confusion. 
Bella pursed her lips in slight embarrassment. She originally wanted to say “no” but ended up saying “halt” due to some crossed wires. 
Whatever, it meant the same thing! 
“I don’t need you to send me home. I’m an adult, and it’s not like I don’t know the way home!” 
“It’s late. I’ll send you home.” Justin unrelentingly took a step forward. 
Bella remembered that she had been hugged by this man earlier that night and gritted her teeth. She patted her shoulder to dust off some invisible dirt. “Justin Salvador, I didn’t flip my shit earlier only because Grandpa Nigel was around, not because I want any form of relationship with you, so don’t cross the line. Right now, I’m super pissed because of Hunter Lovett and Bethany Salvador. I get the urge. to smack even a passing dog. So if you come any closer, trust me. when I say I’ll beat your ass.” 
Bella thought she was very threatening and intimidating when she said this.
But Justin felt a bit like laughing when he heard this, so he smiled. slightly. 
“If Hunter causes trouble for you again, tell me, and I’ll help you deal with him,” Justin said softly. 
“Ha! There’s no need for an outsider like you to interfere in the affairs between the Lovetts and us Thompsons. Just mind yourself!” 
Bella recalled that Justin had offended Hunter Lovett in front of the entire Salvador family just to protect her earlier, and a complex feeling arose in her heart. 
But on second thought, that bastard was probably more concerned about his own interests. 
After all, she could tell Gregory Salvador wanted Hunter Lovett to join. Salvador Corporation. If Hunter really became Salvador Corporation’s legal counsel, that was equivalent to Gregory gaining a fierce general, which would make the situation unfavorable for that bastard. 
When she thought of this, Bella sneered. 
Right when Justin took a step to try to get closer to her once more, at stern voice spoke from behind him. 
“Justin!” 
Justin frowned and turned around to see Gregory walking toward him quickly. 
“Come to my study. I have something to say to you.” 
“I’ll come see you later. Right now, I need to send Ms. Thompson home.” Justin replied calmly, not budging. 
“Send? Ha! Does she even need you? Ms. Thompson is long gone!”
Justin was stunned. 
When he turned back around, that woman, who was as agile as a rabbit, had long disappeared without a trace. 
Bella walked out of the Salvador home expressionlessly. 
“Ms. Thompson.” 
She paused. Her gaze grew colder when she saw Hunter walk up to her with a fake smile on his face. 
“Regardless of whether you’re happy about it, I’ve still gotten Ms. Bethany Salvador through this crisis. It’s not shameful for you to lose. to me.” 
“Truthfully, no matter how I think about it, I’ve come out on top this time.” 
Bella was not angered by him and instead taunted him by going along with his words. “Through this incident, I finally see you completely for who you are. I’ve seen many people complain about the cook after finishing their food, but you are the first who’s smashed the plate after you’re done eating. I just wonder if Uncle Neil knew the dream of the son he was most proud of was to wipe the asses of the rich and even worked against your former benefactors. Would he be ashamed of you?” 
Hunter’s insincere smile stiffened completely, and his expression suddenly darkened. “Ms. Thompson, I went easier on you precisely because you’re Chairman Thompson’s daughter! You’re crossing the line by provoking me repeatedly! Do you think you can do whatever you want just because you’re rich?” 
“You’ve just reminded me that I am the daughter of the richest ma Hatchbay. It’s a talent of mine to do whatever I want. Why shou leave such a noble status unused if I have it?”
Bella’s beautiful eyes narrowed dangerously, and the curl of her rea lips was like a saber that drew no blood when it killed. “So from now” on, before you go against me again, you’d better remember whose daughter I am and whose support I have. My temper is much worse. than my father’s.” 
Turning on her chic and cool stilettos, Bella left in style. 
Hunter gritted his teeth as he watched her beautiful figure go. 
“Bella Thompson, don’t take me for that useless younger brother of mine. Just because Steven is willing to be the Thompsons’ dog, it doesn’t mean that I’m so cowardly to bend to your every wish! There are many days ahead of us. Our confrontation is yet to come!”
###chapter492
In the study, both Shannon and Bethany were present. 
Of course, Gregory did not ask Nigel to attend as well, since the old man was completely on Justin’s side in his eyes. 
At this point, the father and son were on opposing sides. 
It seemed that ever since Mary, Justin’s birth mother, had commit suicide, Justin and Gregory were only father and son in name. 
And now, the gap between them has widened once more due to Thompson. 
But this was exactly what Shannon wanted to see most. 
It was only when they were on either side of the fence and in their own camp that she could take advantage of the chaos to reap. benefits from the Salvadors! 
If she took a step back and looked at the bigger picture, it did not matter if Justin was very influential and capable. Gregory was still his father. Justin would still have to bow before him, right? 
“I called you over to inform you of something.” 
Gregory sat on the sofa with a cold expression before casually throwing a freshly printed letter of appointment at Justin. “I’ve already decided to officially appoint Hunter Lovett as Salvador Corporation’s legal counsel and the head of the group’s legal department. It’ll be announced first thing tomorrow morning. I’ve already signed it, so there’s no need for your signature as president.” 
Shannon and her daughter secretly smiled in glee.
“I don’t agree with this,” Justin said coldly without hesitation. 
“I don’t need your agreement. All that’s needed is my decision. Hunter Lovett is a rare talent. Don’t you know how important it is for a group to recruit an excellent lawyer?” 
“You heard the conversation between Bella and Hunter earlier, didn’t you?” 
Justin sneered darkly. “Are you hiring an ungrateful, profit-driven, and unscrupulous lawyer like him?” 
“You arrogant, rebellious ass!” 
Gregory suddenly stood up. He blacked out briefly because he moved, too suddenly. Luckily, Shannon caught him in time. 
“Don’t stress yourself out so much, Greg! It’s bad for your health!” She gently stroked her husband’s back as she internally laughed in elation. 
“The Thompsons helped the Lovetts in their time of crisis, and they were taken care of by Chairman Thompson. Even Hunter’s younger brother, Steven, is working at KS Group. And still, Hunter harbors resentment and betrays the Thompsons’ trust for his own selfish desires. Do you think you can control someone like that? If someone offers him better terms in the future, do you think he’ll stay obediently at Salvador Corporation and let you use him?” Justin hit the bull’s eye, not giving him any mercy. 
“Justin Salvador! You’re just making excuses for protecting that witch, Bella Thompson!” 
Now that there were no outsiders around, Gregory could no longer hold back. He was so angry his eyes were red as he roared, “You’re so protective of her… Don’t tell me you’ve fallen for that bitch?!” 
“So what if I have?” Justin spoke casually. 
But God knew his heart was beating as fast as a rabbit’s at that moment!
When Gregory heard this, he froze, thunderstruck. 
Shannon and Bethany also froze, not expecting Justin to give such an answer. 
But they could not tell if Justin had really fallen for Bella and was just admitting it, or if he was purely trying to disobey Gregory. 
After all, that bastard had only messed up once in his life, which was abandoning the girl who had it all, Bella Thompson, in favor of getting together with Rosalind Gold. 
“Justin Salvador! Do you think you can come here and put the spilled milk back in the bottle? No way!” 
Gregory was so furious that his eye was twitching and his voice was cracking. “I’m telling you, you’d better give up and forget it, even if you’ve fallen for Bella Thompson! As long as I live, I’ll never agree to you being together with that Thompson witch! Had I known earlier. that she was Wyatt Thompson’s daughter, I would never have let you marry her back then. She made a fool out of us and wasted your time. for three years!” 
His words were like arrows that pierced Justin’s heart. 
Fury colored Justin’s eyes in an instant, and his pupils shrank as his eyes burned with hatred. 
The next second, Justin grabbed the crystal ashtray on the coffee table and raised it high over his head, only to smash it hard against the ground. 
Crash-! 
“Ah!” 
Gregory trembled, while Shannon and Bethany cried out in fear.
The crystal ashtray fell to the ground and was smashed into pieces, its sharp shards scattering everywhere. 
A few shards bounced so high they cut Shannon’s skirt and arm. 
Fresh blood welled up, and she was both shocked and angry, almost bursting into tears. 
“Bella hasn’t done anything wrong. What right do you have to talk about her like that?” 
Justin glared through reddened eyes, his hands clenched into fists as he pressed on. 
“What did she do wrong by marrying me? In what way did she wrong me in the three years we were married? Did she wrong you or our family? It was me who let her down. Our whole family let her down! Don’t blame me for not showing mercy if anyone says anything else negative about her, even if it’s you!” 
That gaze…
###chapter493
It was that gaze that did not distinguish between devil and man again, as if Justin had just come off the battlefield. 
Gregory breathed heavily, his lips trembling. 
Back when Mary jumped off the building and the young Justin was holding his mother’s bloody corpse tightly, he had looked at his father, who arrived late, with the same gaze. 
Gregory loathed it, but even more than that, he was afraid! 
Now, just for a mere Bella Thompson, Justin was actually go oppose his biological father?! 
Shannon and Bethany wanted to see Justin make a fool of himself a first, but this did not happen. Instead, they got a shock. 
They did not even dare to breathe heavily. 
Justin closed his eyes and took a deep breath. Feeling no need to say anything more, he turned to leave. 
“Justin Salvador!” 
Gregory called his name hoarsely, his voice trembling. “You’re protecting Bella Thompson like this… Are you taking the Thompsons’ side and opposing me, your birth father?! Don’t forget what your last name is. Don’t forget whose blood runs in your veins! And don’t forget, without me supporting you, how can you take such a high position and run Salvador Corporation?!” 
It was all old cliches, nothing new.
Justin felt nothing when he heard this, even feeling bored. 
“You’re only where you are because of me! If you dare go against me, trust me when I say I’ll kick you out of your position as president! You’ll be nothing!” Gregory was hysterical at this point. 
Even Shannon, as his wife, had never seen him so angry before. 
“If you want to do that, go ahead. That is, if you can.” 
Justin slowly looked back. He looked like he had already cut himself off from the world, a heart- wrenching determination in his eyes. “For her, I don’t mind being enemies with the entire Salvador family.” 
Justin’s shoulders slumped after leaving the study. He felt as if his spirit had been dug out clean. 
“Justin.” 
A gentle voice spoke up, and his eyes reddened when he saw Nigel appear before him. 
Just now, he had been completely immersed in his own complex emotions and had not realized there was someone else in the hallway. 
The old man had not changed into pajamas and was still wearing the shirt he wore when he arrived. From the looks of it, he had no plans of staying the night at Tideview Manor. 
Ever since Deborah passed and Gregory married Shannon, Nigel felt like this was no longer his home and that Crescent Bay was his home. 
“Grandpa…” 
Justin said softly and realized his voice was very hoarse-choked up, even.
“I heard everything you and your father talked about in the study.” 
Nigel was in a wheelchair and could not easily stand up, so Justin obediently leaned down to make it easier for his grandfather to touch him. 
“Although it is rude of you to talk back to your father…” Nigel chuckled. “This time, we’re thinking the same thing!” 
As he said so, he patted Justin’s shoulder in relief. “I don’t want tha 
Hunter Lovett fellow joining Salvador Corporation either. You’re right. 
Profit-driven people aren’t in line with our corporate culture! Don’t worry, I might be retired, but I’m not completely retired. I still have at say in this company. If your father insists, I’ll step up to stop him.” 
“Grandpa, as the president, this should be left to me to handle. You should enjoy your retirement and stop worrying about these. troublesome matters.” Justin did not want to use his grandfather for a small matter like this. That would really be bothersome. 
“It’s fine, it’s fine! I need something to do anyway! Sigh…” Nigel blinked as he asked with anticipation, “Just now, you said you wanted to protect Anna and even said you’d fallen for her… Were you serious?” 
Justin looked up, his heart beating like a drum. 
After a pause, he swallowed and answered in a serious voice, “I got angry and said it without thinking in the heat of the moment. I didn’t. think that much.” 
“Tsk. Fine, fine. Just do whatever you want since you don’t want to admit it.” Nigel was a bit disappointed. Justin frowned. “Grandpa.”
“Let’s go! Send me home. It’s boring for me on the way back alone, so chat with me.” 
“Okay.” 
Justin pushed the wheelchair, and the grandfather-and-son pair walked toward the other end of the hallway. 
With his back to him, the old man smiled mischievously. 
Hmph, silly boy. 
The words that came out without thinking were what one truly felt.
###chapter494
One week later, the wedding of Ada Wang and the CEO of a certain international luxury car brand went ahead as scheduled at the KS World Hotel. 
That day, the trending topics on all social media, both domestic and international, were dominated by Ada’s wedding. 
While all of the media outlets in Savrow also came out in fu ce, scrambling to report on this with full fervor, the headlines on t internet were very eye-catching and fanned the flames even 
[Congratulations on winning the organizing rights and crushing opposition, KS World Hotel!] 
[KS World Hotel’s first venture in Savrow is a success! The old heavyweight, Salvador Corporation, is defeated and put in an awkward situation!] 
[Members of the Salvador family were exposed to scandals one after another. How could there be such a big gap between the levels of two families when they’re both in the elite upper class?] 
The attention at the KS World Hotel also reached its peak on that day. 
The netizens praised Bella Thompson, whose identity as Alexa had been revealed, and compared her to Bethany Salvador. Bethany was like a wilting flower next to Bella, who was like a bright red flower in bloom. 
[Ms. Thompson was ultimately going to win this game. She’s Alexa! Justin Salvador still wanted to go up against her? He’s too much!] 
[Let’s be reasonable. How is this Mr. Salvador’s fault in any way? It’s obviously Bethany Salvador who didn’t know her limits and ran headfirst into a steel wall. Now she’s socially humiliated!]
[Bethany Salvador thought she had given Ms. Thompson a fatal blow, but she didn’t expect herself to be the shameful one. Hahahaha!] 
[It really is shameful! Bethany Salvador bought fake jewelry to give to an international superstar!] 
[Don’t you get it? This is called saving where you should and spending where you should. Get by where you can!] 
[Even if Bethany Salvador walks out of the police station unscathed right now, her reputation is completely ruined!] 
The ruined Bethany Salvador watched as she was cursed so much for the past few days that she started trending online and was talked about everywhere. In a fit of anger, she fell seriously ill and was bedridden. 
No matter how much Shannon was raring for a fight, she could only temporarily sound a retreat as she took care of her sick daughter and tried to think of ways to please Gregory at the same time. 
To that end, despite already being in her forties, she got beauty treatments done, secretly bought a few black lace gowns, and event bought an aphrodisiac fragrance as she prepared to find an opportunity to display her skills of seduction and make Gregory 
Salvador infatuated with and mesmerized by her, just like twenty years ago. 
After all, that man had not touched her in about half a year. 
But in the end, it was like Gregory was deliberately hiding from her because he did not come home for a week. They spoke very little when they did meet, and he did not even look at her when they did! 
How could Shannon not feel angry and hateful?
Shannon thought, ‘Bella Thompson… It was all that witch’s fault! I would definitely make Bella suffer all the humiliation I suffered today a thousandfold in the future!’ 
But no matter how much Shannon hated Bella, she could not stop 
Bella from shining from her victory in battle. 
Ada’s wedding showcased how influential Hatchbay’s top company, KS Group, was in Savrow. 
Not only that, the value of KS Group’s stocks soared on that day, and everyone predicted that the value was bound to keep rising after the stock market opened the next morning. But this had not ended yet. 
After photos of the wedding were posted online, it sparked a phenomenal discussion among netizens nationwide. 
[A sea of black roses! Ada’s wedding is so cool!] 
[I don’t care! I’m going to do the same thing when I get married!] 
[I’m tired of those traditional weddings, so KS World Hotel’s organization gets full marks!] 
Justin sat in his office, watching the livestream of Ada Wang’s wedding with a fixed gaze. 
His thin lips curled slightly as his cold eyes also grew tender. 
At first, he was completely uninterested in an event like this. 
But he knew Bella’s blood, sweat, and tears had gone into this wedding and only paid more attention because of that. 
There was a knock on the door, and lan walked in with a large, arm green nylon bag.
“Mr. Salvador, I’ve prepared the hiking equipment you asked me to ge ready.”
###chapter495
“Thanks.” 
“Why did you suddenly get the urge to go hiking?” lan asked curiously. 
“I go every year,” Justin replied calmly. 
During one summer vacation when he was young, Justin volunteered as a forest ranger in Mount Jaglee National Forest Park for two months as a means of relieving stress. 
Life back then was very simple. Apart from eating and sleeping, all he did was go hiking with his captain, rescue tourists, and investigate safety hazards.. 
It had been an easy time in his life, which was a rare occurrence. 
Later on, after he became president of Salvador Corporation, he would donate a large sum of money to the forest park every year. No one knew this apart from himself and his captain. 
“Mr. Salvador! You saw Ada Wang’s wedding, right? The young madam is really amazing!” 
lan’s eyes sparkled as he turned into Bella’s fanboy. “Black roses! 
How did she come up with the idea to use black roses to decorate the venue? And what’s surprising is that Ada Wang agreed!” 
“Because she isn’t a normal woman. She’s Bella Thompson.” 
Justin’s deep-set eyes curved slightly as he said softly, “She always finds a way.”
lan’s eyes widened as his jaw dropped. ‘Did I hear it wrong?! The big boss had actually spoken of the young madam so tenderly! Has the macho man softened?!” 
Because of Justin’s and Nigel’s interference, Hunter’s appointment as the head of Salvador Corporation’s legal department fell through. 
For the first time, Hunter Lovett, who always had smooth sailing tasted defeat and went to Europe for a week for a vacation returning home. 
He had just entered the door when he was caught by Steven, wh been waiting for him for a whole week. 
“Oh? Isn’t this Ms. Thompson’s loyal dog of a secretary?” 
Hunter gave Steven a mocking look. “What are you doing back home instead of following her around like a puppy?” 
“Don’t you have something to explain to me?” Steven ignored Hunter’s mocking and asked coldly. 
“Explain to you? Steven, is that how you should speak to your older brother?” Hunter had been suppressing his anger all this while, and it was finally about to erupt. 
“The last time, it was Shannon Quarry. This time, it’s Bethany Salvador. You really are an industry model of labor, since you’re taking all the shitty jobs.” Steven clenched his fists tightly as he sneered. 
“Steven!” 
“I know you’re determined to make the Lovett family name famous. and reach heights people can look up to, but all that shouldn’t be obtained by being ungrateful!”
Steven roared in anger with reddened eyes. “Without the Thompsons, we wouldn’t be where we are today! Don’t you know you’re eroding your conscience by helping the Salvadors move against Ms. Bella?!” 
“I’m eroding my conscience?! Am I not doing it all for the sake of this family?!” 
Hunter felt angry and indignant, not feeling like he was in the w whatsoever. “Just because the Thompsons helped us once, we h to be at their beck and call for the rest of our lives?! There’s no suc rule in this world! It’s your problem if you want to be Bella. 
Thompson’s lapdog, but Clarence and I have ambitions of our own. 
Don’t assume we’re like you, who just want to have it easy and dream of marrying into their family!” 
Steven finally could not bear it anymore, and gritting his teeth, he swung his fist and punched Hunter in the face. 
This was the first time in his 28 years of life that he had raised a hand against his older brother. 
Once, his brother used to make him proud. 
Now, Steven only felt ashamed. 
Infuriated, Hunter punched back too. 
The two brothers started fighting in the living room, scaring the helpers silly. 
But Hunter was no match for Steven, who held a black belt in taekwondo. Thus, Hunter was quickly overwhelmed by his 188-cm-tall younger brother, who pressed him to the floor and pounded him against it.
“Steve! Stop it!” 
Right then, their parents and second brother, Clarence, camer downstairs. They were stunned to see this scene.
###chapter496
Clarence reacted quickly and rushed forward to pull Steven, whose eyes were red from anger, off Hunter. Then he hugged Steven tightly from the back. 
“Steve! Have you gone mad?! How could you punch your brother?!” 
“Mad… He’s fucking crazy!” 
Hunter got up from the ground, clutching his face. “He’s becoming a monster who doesn’t even recognize his own family because of that Thompson girl!” 
“The one who’s becoming a monster isn’t me… It’s you, Hunter!” 
Steven roared. 
“That’s enough! Both of you, shut up!” Neil held his wife and roared at his two sons. 
Mrs. Lovett had never seen her children like this before, so she was very anxious. 
“Steve, I already heard about Hunter helping the Salvadors. Don’t blame him. He’s just doing his job as their lawyer.” Clarence was stuck playing the mediator. He was afraid they would start fighting if he took anyone’s side, even just a little. 
“I’m staying out tonight.” 
Steven walked out without saying another word, bruises blooming on his face. 
“Steve! Where are you going?!” Mrs. Lovett yelled worriedly. 
“Ha… Where else could he be going? Isn’t he just hurrying back to serve his Ms. Bella?!”
Hunter had never suffered such humiliation before. Since there were no outsiders around, he felt free to say the most hurtful things to Steven. “I don’t think the Thompsons’ darling can sleep well at night without our Steve.” 
“You-bastard! I won’t let you insult Ms. Bella like that!” 
Steven was so angry that his eyes turned bloodshot. They could also hear the crack of his knuckles as he clenched his fists. 
If not for Clarence, who was holding Steven back, Steven would definitely have punched Hunter again. 
“Hunt! You’re not allowed to disrespect Ms. Bella like that!” 
Neil could not bear to listen anymore either and quickly walked up to stand between them, imposing an invisible pressure on them. 
Neither of you are allowed to leave this house tonight. Go and stand in my study! Clarence, bring the whip over later. I’ll be disciplining your two according to the family rules!” 
Hunter and Steven were shocked. 
Helplessly, Steven could only comply. “Yes, Dad.” 
Mrs. Lovett wanted to talk them down, but her husband was the head of the family, and she had never succeeded before, so she could only stand aside and sigh. 
“Steven, did you throw the first punch?” Neil asked sternly with furrowed brows. 
“Yes, Dad.” 
“Hurry up and apologize to your brother.”
Steven’s fists were still clenched tightly, and his blood was still boiling. His anger had not dissipated at all. “Dad, I’m willing to acce the punishment for what I did earlier. But there is no way I’ll apologi to him, even if you ask me to. From now on, if he dares say anythin disrespectful about Ms. Bella, I’ll give him one punch every time he does it. And I’ll keep doing it until he remembers his lesson!” 
“Steven!” Hunter was about to blow his fuse at his befuddled little brother. 
Neil had never expected his youngest son, who had always been the most well-behaved, to get so angry over Bella Thompson to the point he raised his hand against his own family. Neil felt a little glum. 
Right then, their housekeeper hurriedly came to report. “Mr. Lovett, Chairman Thompson’s secretary is here!” 
The moment they heard Wyatt Thompson had sent someone over, they were shocked. They hurriedly set aside their family issues for the moment. 
Quentin walked in with a smile and could tell at a glance that. something was off. 
When he spotted the bruises on the two young men’s faces, realization dawned on him, but he only spoke of business. “Mr. 
Lovett, Chairman Thompson would like to invite you and your family to Yara Park to have dinner together. We hope you can grace us with your presence. Chairman Thompson has not seen Young Master Hunter and Young Master Clarence in a very long time either. It’s rare for your whole family to be back here in Hatchbay, so he wants to invite you over to catch up.” 
“Got it. Thanks for making the trip, Quentin. We’ll definitely be there on time!” Neil smiled politely. 
After seeing Quentin off, the atmosphere once again became ten
“I’m not going.” 
Hunter refused decisively and clenched his jaw as he turned around. I just got back from a trip overseas, and I’m very tired, so I’m heading up to rest first.” 
“You’re not allowed!” 
Neil said angrily, “Who do you think you are to dare to snub Chairman Thompson? Even if your leg is broken, you’d better hop on over to the Thompsons’ home!”
###chapter497
The curtains drew on Ada Wang’s wedding amidst a barrage of positive reviews. 
Bella had truly won this time, having gained both fame and fortune and managing to revive the dying hotel that was KS World within year, even making it flourish. 
In just half a year, she had managed to pass Wyatt’s test with flyin colors. 
Her first order of business now was, of course, to return to Hatchbay and claim her reward from Wyatt! 
Hehe! 
That night, Bella went to Amelia’s school to pick her up. They headed back to Hatchbay in a top-of-the- line emerald Rolls Royce. 
The two sisters chatted and laughed in the car, obviously close to each other and delighted to be together. 
“Bella, I really didn’t expect that you were actually the top jewelry designer, Alexa!” Amelia patted her red cheeks in surprise. 
“Stop, stop! I know what you’re going to say. You’re definitely going to say your admiration for me is like an unceasing torrential river!” 
Bella flicked her dark hair back and spoke with her nose in the air. 
I’ve heard too much of such flattery, so you don’t have to add on to it. 
If there’s any jewelry you want to wear, just ask me for it.”
“H-How could I?” 
Amelia blushed slightly as she shook her head repeatedly. “You’re Alexa! Only internationally known celebrities can wear your jewelry. You could give Camilla one. I heard her husband’s going to become the president of Sentania soon. It wouldn’t make your brand less reputable if the First Lady of Sentania wore your jewelry, would it?” 
“Ah, others might think Alexa is famous, but in front of family, just a name.” 
Bella put an arm around her sister’s thin waist and said, “You can boast about it once you go back to school. Your sister’s Alexa, yo know. If they knew, they’d definitely line up to suck up to you. It’d be an honor to their family and their ancestors if they established a connection with you.” 
Amelia recalled the rumors that had been spread about her at school and Ethan Zaffino’s various provocations against her, both open and secret. 
Unconsciously, her eyes reddened, and all she could do was force a closed-lip smile. 
“Sigh, speaking of which, I really miss Camilla…” 
Bella and Amelia leaned against each other as their eyes glistened. “I wonder if her husband is treating her well. If he dares to mistreat her, I’ll make mince meat out of him!” 
“You probably don’t even need to lift a finger. Asher, Axel, Declan, Drew, Ralph, and Dad too-none of them would forgive him.” Amelia rattled off their names with a laugh. 
Yeah, that was true. 
Camilla’s husband would not be so stupid as to have a death wish to try the ten capital punishments of the Thompson family, would he?
“Hmm? Bella, why isn’t Steven with you?” Amelia had actually been wondering where Steven was ever since she got into the car and waited until now to ask carefully. 
“Oh, he’s been working too hard lately, so I gave him some time Bella said casually, her expression impassive. 
The luxury car steadily drove through the gates of Yara Park. 
The Thompson sisters had just gotten out of the car when they encountered the Lovetts, who had just parked their car and were walking toward them. 
Bella had not known beforehand that Wyatt had also invited the 
Lovetts over tonight. Thus, she was slightly surprised before she regained her calm composure once more. 
Hunter gave Bella a look as baleful as a fighting cock the moment he spotted her. He even looked like he was going to start clucking whe he opened his mouth. 
“Ms. Bella…” Steven called out to Bella softly, with difficulty. 
He took a small step forward, but when he suddenly recalled what she said to him that day, he took a step back. His heart, which had longed to be closer to her, deflated. 
Bella threw a nonchalant glance his way. 
He was such a tall guy, but he stood there in a daze with drooping shoulders as he bit his pale lips, looking like a homeless little puppy. 
It was truly heartbreaking to see.
But Bella knew that she could not give him hope. 
If she did, she would really be doing him a disservice.
###chapter498
“Ms. Bella! Long time no see!” Neil stepped forward to greet her politely with his wife. 
“Uncle Neil, you’re being so polite. You can just call me Bella like you. did when I was young.” There was a gentle look on Bella’s face, and she did not put on any airs. 
“That was when you were a child. Now, you’re a part of the company’s management and also Steve’s boss. Things are different now.” 
Neil knew that the young lady before him now had a great reputation and was most likely to be Wyatt’s heir, so he had to be extra careful, when speaking to her. 
Hunter scoffed, feeling very embarrassed by the way his father was lowering his head toward Bella. 
Did the Lovetts really have to bow before the Thompsons for their whole lives? 
Were kings, dukes, and generals truly better simply because they were born so? 
Bella let Neil do what he wanted when she saw that he insisted on being polite. 
Meanwhile, Mrs. Lovett silently observed the Thompson sisters from the side. 
Bella had truly blossomed into a beauty. When she was young, she looked like a porcelain doll, and now that she had grown up, she was a-gorgeous stunner who mesmerized one at a glance. 
No wonder her son, Steve, pined for Bella. Her heart ached for him.. 
Besides, there was too much of a gap between their family’s status. and the Thompsons’. Although the Lovetts were a famed scholarly family, the difference between their family and the richest family in Hatchbay, the Thompsons, was like heaven and earth.
Her son was reaching too high for the stars. 
Mrs. Lovett turned her gaze to Amelia, who was standing there qui and in a refined manner. 
“H-Hello, Mrs. Lovett!” Amelia hurriedly bowed politely to Mrs. Lovett. Her heart beat faster when she saw her crush’s mother, and she blushed. 
“Hello, Ms. Amelia.” 
If her son really wanted to have a star, the youngest Thompson daughter would be the next best thing. 
She was well-behaved and gentle, so she made a very good match for her youngest son. Her only flaw was that her mother was not Wyatt’s legal wife. 
Although Amelia was also Wyatt’s daughter, Celeste and Wyatt had never legally married and only shared this weak daughter between them, so they must not be favored in the Thompson family. 
If Mrs. Lovett allowed Steven to marry Amelia Thompson, she felt that her son would lose out. 
Amelia’s eyelashes fluttered as she snuck a glance at her crush. 
But with just a glance, it was like someone had pressed pause on her excitedly thumping heart, and it started throbbing in pain. 
Steven always only had eyes for Bella. 
No one else understood that burning, passionate gaze better than she did. 
Because for the past seven years, had she not watched him from with the same gaze?
It was quite lively in Yara Park tonight. Only Asher could not make it as he was too busy with work, having gone on a business trip overseas and unable to make it back in time. 
However, the two public servants, Axel and Ralph, came back home for dinner on time, as if they had agreed beforehand. 
In the beginning, the atmosphere was cordial. Wyatt and Neil were of similar ages and had known each other for a long time, so they had much to talk about. 
Mrs. Lovett and Wyatt’s three wives also chatted happily. 
However, there was a strange tension between the young men at the table. 
There was a police officer, a prosecutor, a judge, and a lawyer sitting at the table, including the plaintiff, Bella herself. It was like a little courtroom had gathered there. 
“So, Hunter. I heard your law firm in Savrow is doing well.” 
Axel sneered as he lightly swirled his wine glass. “In the past two years, for the few big cases the Savrow District Attorney’s received, you’ve always been the lawyer hired by the defendants.” 
“It’s my duty as a lawyer.”
###chapter499
Hunter replied with a fake smile, “Since the client managed to find me and trusts me, I naturally have to do my best to win the case.” 
“It’s interesting that you say that.” 
Axel crossed his legs and appraised Hunter like he was a criminal. ” 
Those who can hire Mr. Lovett here to defend them are eith powerful. It looks like the threshold for becoming your clie high.”- 
“Not necessarily. Although I might be managing the firm, the fir mine alone. Not only do I have to make sure the two other shareholders get their dividends, but I also have dozens of lawye under me to feed. I’m also just a working man. I can’t help it.” Hunter sighed dramatically. 
Ugh! 
When Axel, Ralph, and Bella heard these hypocritical remarks, they nearly vomited their food back up! 
How was it that Hunter and Steven were so different despite both. being Mr. Lovett’s sons? 
“You’re a top-tier lawyer in Savrow now, Hunter. You’re well-known even nationally.” 
Steven, who had been silent all this while, finally spoke with a cold. laugh. “Of all the cases you took this year, the lowest professional fee you charged was $2 million, and the highest was $15 million, and that’s just your personal earnings. It doesn’t include the commission those lawyers under you get.” 
The dining hall suddenly fell silent. 
Wyatt and Neil also stopped chatting and looked towards the younger generation’s side of the table.
“Steven, mine and the law firm’s income is a private topic. We shouldn’t be talking about this here, now should we?” Hunter spoke stiffly as his smile faded. The movement tugged at the wound had been covered with foundation. 
“I’m only saying all this to illustrate one thing-which is that you lack money. In fact, you’ve even saved up to the point most norm people won’t be able to finish spending in their lifetime.” 
Steven let out a soft laugh. “So, I don’t understand. Now that money as a reason has been eliminated, why is it that you took the Salvadors, case despite knowing they were on the opposing side of Ms. Bella and are working against her?” 
The rest were shocked. 
What a fellow! 
Tonight, Steven’s nickname had to be “Mr. Righteous”. He was ju here to screw his brother over! 
Now that Steven had exposed Hunter’s hypocritical nature in front of everybody, were the two brothers really going to turn on each other? 
Bella had not even given Steven a single glance throughout the whole night. 
At the moment, she wore an icy expression as she looked up impassively. Her clear and cutting gaze fell on his face. 
She knew Steven was speaking up for her. 
But she did not want him to do this, and she did not need him to do this either. 
“Steve! You can’t air your grudges right now, even if you have them you have anything to say, we can talk about it at home.” Clarence tugged at Steven under the table, sweating nervously.
But it was like Steven wore an iron mask over his handsome face, clearly having no intention of letting up on Hunter. 
Hunter had already lost the ability to control his expression, and it was so ugly that he looked like he was seriously ill. 
“Steve! Don’t talk about that here.” 
Neil reprimanded Steven sternly and turned to give Wyatt a bitter smile. “I’m really sorry, Chairman Thompson. It seems my son’s manners are lacking. I’m sorry you have to see this.” 
“Oh, you’re fine.” 
Wyatt remained calm and composed, a slow smile spreading acros his face. “I watched Steven grow up from a young age, and he’s always been by Asher’s side, working. Later on, he went on to assis Bella. He’s a capable young man with a good character. I like Steven very much, and I’ve always thought of him as a godson. I know very well what he’s like, so I didn’t take it to heart at all.” 
Godson?! 
Wyatt’s casual remark had given Steven’s status a huge raise and a huge buff, while giving Hunter a heavy blow
###chapter500
Hunter had always looked down on this “useless” brother of his. 
Hunter thought that Steven was worth nothing because all he wanted. to do was serve Bella tea and pick up after her like an ambitionless lackey. 
But Hunter did not expect the famed Wyatt Thompson -the riches man in Hatchbay-to say that he saw Steven as his godson. 
Wyatt was obviously taking Steven’s side and implicitly supporting him! 
The worst part was that Wyatt had even praised Steven in front of everybody. 
Was Wyatt not using this as an excuse to subtly insult Hunter? 
Right then, each of the Thompson children wore different expressions. Bella’s red lips curled up as she nearly laughed out loud. 
Oh, Wyatt. How shady. 
Hunter probably never expected when he came here that tonight would be a trap set for him, did he? 
“Chairman Thompson, that’s very generous of you to say about our son!” 
Neil and Chelsea Lovett were startled. Neil felt surprised and happy, but he still waved his hands repeatedly. “How could my youngest son be your godson? That’s not appropriate! It’s enough that he works for KS Group. We wouldn’t dare hope for anything else!” 
“Neil, we’ve known each other for so many years. I won’t lie to you. I’m speaking from the bottom of my heart. If Steven wasn’t a good child, I would never consider him my godson. Don’t you think so?”
The more Wyatt praised Steven, the more he was insulting Hunter. 
Hunter clenched his fist in fury under the table as his eyes reddene 
He was just about to find an excuse to leave the table when Wya said casually, “Bella, when you see Asher in a few days, help me to convey a message to him on my behalf.” 
“What is it, Daddy?” Bella propped her chin on her hand and asked coyly. 
“I’ve approved the proposal he passed to me a few days ago to acquire Evergreen. He can start implementing it any time.” 
Hunter was stunned. 
He felt like he had been struck by lightning. 
Evergreen was the biggest shareholder in his law firm. 
If Wyatt Thompson acquired Evergreen, would that not mean Wyat would be taking complete control of Hunter’s law firm?! 
So that was what it was! 
Hunter gritted his teeth, his eyes bloodshot with hatred, as his back. broke out into a cold sweat that drenched his suit. 
He did not dare to look up at Wyatt and Bella, but he knew their gazes at the moment had to be as sharp as knives and would flay him from head to toe! 
Wyatt invited their family over for dinner and said it was to catch up, but that had not been his true intention.
In truth, Wyatt was using this opportunity to knock Hunter down a peg, get back at Hunter for Bella, and show Hunter who was the best. 
Wyatt wanted to make Hunter understand the consequences of goi against his most precious daughter! 
After dinner, the Lovetts did not rush to leave. They sat in the living. room, chatting in groups. 
It was a rare occasion for Bella to see her two brothers, so they naturally had a lot to talk about. Meanwhile, Axel and Clarence were part of the same industry, so they were quite familiar with one another. Thus, the four of them sat together, chatting and laughing as they even started playing Halli Galli. 
Just as Bella was enjoying herself, she accidentally knocked over the glass of red wine on the table. 
The red wine spilled all over her, dripping down her fair, slender calves. Even her feet had been stained red. 
“I’ll wipe it for you!” Axel hurriedly looked for a tissue. 
“I’ll do it!” Ralph also hurriedly searched for something he could wipe with. 
“Then…me too?” After all, the atmosphere had reached this point. It would not be appropriate if Clarence did not make some sort of gesture, right? 
Just as the three adult men were scrambling to wait on Bella, a tall, 
handsome figure arrived and knelt at her feet on one knee. 
Bella looked down in surprise, her long eyelashes trembling.
Only to see Steven had rushed to her side immediately. He took out a handkerchief that he always carried on him and picked up her fo with his left hand before patiently and gently wiping the wine off wi the handkerchief in his right hand. 
Bella panicked all of a sudden and pulled her foot back. 
But Steven did not care about this and focused on wiping her foot. 
He did it so seriously and innocently, as if there was nothing strangel about his action and it was only a part of his job as her secretary. 
Everyone watched dumbfoundedly. 
When Amelia, who was just chatting with her mother, saw this scene, it felt like her heart sank from the heavens into the abyss. She trembled. 
Her clear eyes reddened, and she bit her lip in sadness, feeling as if something in her chest had cracked and cut her deeply. 
“Mommy, I’m not feeling so well… I’m going upstairs to rest first.” 
Amelia hung her head low, using her long hair to hide her reddened eyes as she gathered the last of her strength to escape. 
“Amelia? Amelia!” 
Celeste called after her daughter in concern, but the more she called for her, the quicker she ran. 
Bella saw that Steven had quickly finished wiping her foot and was about to help her wipe her calf when she panicked, pulled her legs back, and suddenly stood up. 
Steven looked up at her deeply, his gaze bright.
Bella glanced sideways at the man who was looking at her like a devout worshiper would his goddess and sighed before saying quietly, “You’re not here as my secretary tonight. You are the youngest son of the Lovetts. And even if you were my secretary, yo didn’t have to go this far. I’ll just go rinse it off.” 
After saying that, she turned to leave, leaving Steven frozen in a kneeling posture in front of everyone.
###chapter501
Bella cleaned herself up in the bathroom and changed into another dress. She left the room for a stroll 
around and to sober up. 
For some reason, she did not feel comfortable with Steven getting down on one knee and wiping the 
alcohol off her feet in public. 
He had always been considerate and sweet to her. 
Since the lingering embrace, she could no longer look him in the eye and accept his kindness without 
qualms. 
Her friendship with Steven went way back, and they grew up together. 
Steven was a close next-door neighbor and subordinate to her. However, Bella could not differentiate 
whether Steven saw her as a childhood friend or the one that got away. 
Bella could not accept the new dynamics of their friendship. 
She sighed frustratedly and looked up, spotting Steven frozen in a spot not too far away. He looked 
pale. 
“Ms. Bella,” Steven called out to her. 
“Steve? Why are you here?” Bella was stunned. 
Steven swallowed hard and drew close to her. “I was worried about you, so I came to check on you.” 
“Steve…”
“It’s been a week. Why won’t you let me return to your side?” Steven took a good look at her, his voice 
raspy. 
“I’ve been waiting for you to get a clear head and figure things out.” 
Resting on the tip of her foot, Bella twirled and leaned against the wall before facing his warm yet 
broken gaze. “It’s been a week, Steve. Have you made your decision?” 
“Ms. Bella, I like you. 
Steven confessed his feelings in a trembling voice, “You can hate me and resent me, but you can’t stop 
me from loving you. I never expected you to accept me. I won’t even dream about it. But, Ms. Bella, I 
don’t think I have done anything wrong. Am I wrong to love somebody?” 
Emotions hid behind Bella’s eyes. 
“All I have are my feelings for you. I know I will be in over my head to think anything can go beyond 
that. It’s just rude.” Steven grinned brightly. 
“You’re not wrong, Steve, but I simply can’t accept your feelings.” 
Bella let out a wry smile. 
If unrequited love was a mistake, then Bella would stand condemned for giving everything to Justin, 
only to be dumped. 
“I don’t have the confidence to love anyone anymore. The chapter is closed for me. I have lost interest 
in anything to do with romance. So, Steve, unrequited love will fade away soon enough. You should 
find the person who can respond to your embrace.” 
Bella was a strong, independent woman, never hesitating to tear men down.
However, she was considerate toward Steven, whose devotion was to her. 
“Ms. Bella, you will find a man who loves you wholeheartedly.” Steven felt a lump in his throat, and his 
eyes welled up. 
“The wise stay out of love. I’m not falling for the same trick twice.” 
Bella waved her arm nonchalantly. “I have been there and done that. I’m focused on making money 
now. To the single life!” 
“So can I come back and work alongside you?” 
Steven blinked with a sad face. “I was bored out of my mind during the week-long break. 
” 
“Oh, of course. Pledge your allegiance to your queen, my knight.’ 
Feeling cheeky, Bella fancied herself a queen like in the movies and. extended her right arm to him with 
poise. 
Steven curled his lips gleefully, his eyes sparkling. 
This time, he did not get down on one knee. Instead, he leaned forward and took Bella’s hand to plant 
a respectful kiss. 
“I’m happy to devote myself to you, my queen.”
###chapter502
As Steven’s and Bella’s eyes met, they smiled. Nothing more needed to be said at that point. 
In a dark corner, Amelia stumbled upon the interaction between Bella and Steven with bulged eyes. 
The scene before her eyes cut her like a knife. 
Amelia thought she could accept that Steven’s heart belonged to someone else. 
However, the reality tonight broke her, and she could not stop the tears rolling down her cheeks. 
Amelia put her hands over her shaking lips. Not wanting to disturb them, she retreated back into the 
darkness. 
As much as Amelia loved Steven, it broke her heart to see him in love with someone else. 
The hardest thing to do in life was to let go and wish others happiness. 
“That reminds me. What’s going on with you tonight?” 
Furrowing her brows, Bella smacked Steven in the head. “Why were you playing good cop, bad cop? 
Hunter is your brother, and your parents are here. You shouldn’t have taken my side recklessly. You 
should stand your ground. You put yourself in an awkward position in your family.” 
Steven’s eyes reflected his resolution. “Ms. Bella, I represent what you 
Chapter 80, 
represent.” 
”
“Tsk tsk. Now, that’s my bro.” Crossing her arms, Bella narrowed her eyes and teased him. 
“Ms. Bella, I won’t be presumptuous to think that I’m your godbrother.” 
Steven waved his arms in the air nervously as he reeled back to Wyatt acknowledged him as a son in 
the presence of the Thomp and Lovetts. “Chairman Thompson was just trying to turn the heat my 
brother. It’s all an act. I won’t be imprudent enough to take it seriously.” 
“You don’t know Wyatt well enough, then. Wyatt takes everything he says seriously. You’re a son to him 
now. Despite the old man’s reputation as a playboy, he won’t stoop that low to exploit the young for his 
amusement. Besides, Wyatt has plenty of ways to deal with your greed-driven brother. He just doesn’t 
want to let things come between our families.’ 
Bella patted his shoulder with a smile. “Alright now. Don’t put everything on yourself. I think it’s great 
that my father has a godson. 
It’s better than him having another illegitimate child.” 
“Cough, cough…” Steven nearly choked on his saliva. 
… 
Amelia stumbled her way toward the other end of the corridor. 
She had a lot to drink tonight, and she felt down in the dumps. Her eyes, blurred by intoxication and 
tears, struggled to give her focus on the way ahead. 
Her legs were weak, and her head felt heavy. She nearly fell to her feet 
1. She got lost in her ownerowa home.
###chapter503
“Uh… You’re not Steven. Let go of me.
Amelia’s cheek flushed bashfully as she put up a struggle. She had never been held by another man.
Losing strength in her legs, Amelia pressed her hands against the man’s chest to push him away.
“What? Is my brother the only one who can hold you? Are you saying that you like him?” Hunter’s gaze
lingered on Amelia’s beautiful face.
The beads of sweat on her forehead and the rosy glow on her supple cheeks gave off an air of
innocence. It was a look that tempted Hunter to ravish her.
Wyatt was a man of great genes, and his wives were gorgeous in own way. Out of all his women,
Celeste, once an actress, was the most stunning.
Amelia inherited her mother’s beauty.
Like other men, Hunter was blown away by the sight of beautiful
women.
“N-No…” Amelia’s face turned bright red.
“In that case, I should take you to get some rest.” Hunter did not remove his tight. hold on her thin
waist.
“I-I’m fine, Mr. Lovett. I can handle myself.”
“You can’t even stand up. Don’t make things hard for yourself.”
Hunter leaned forward and moved his face closer to hers, a touch away from a brush between lips.
They would have been closer than they were if Amelia had not put her arms against his chest.
“Steven isn’t the only one who was your friend when we were kids. I was there, too. Don’t be a stranger
to me.
“Ms. Amelia.”
An anxious voice sobered Amelia up
If Steven had not made it there on time, Hunter might have just stolen a kiss from Amelia.
Hunter was not happy with his brother, who constantly got in his way.
Putting on a gentleman’s fa?ade, Hunter helped Amelia to her feet and stared sinisterly at Steven.
“Ms. Amelia, how did you end up with my brother?” Steven aske shaky voice, his eyes flighty.
He saw Amelia in Hunter’s arms. From his viewpoint, Hunter clung close to Amelia, seeking a kiss from
her, and she did not refuse his advances.
As his chest tightened, Steven swallowed with difficulty.
Confused by everything, Amelia lifted her arm to rub her eyes.
“Please answer me, Ms. Amelia.” Anxious, Steven stepped forward.
Hunter stood in defense of Amelia, who turned pale. “Ms. Amelia has had too much to drink. I caught
her before she fell. Is there a problem with that?”
“Were you really just stopping her from falling?” Steven clenched his teeth.
His heart dropped when he remembered Hunter’s lewd gaze on Amelia.
“What are you trying to say, Steven? Are you implying that I’m a animal?”
Hunter laughed with furrowed brows, as if he were hurt. “I’m an attorney. I’m aware of the law. We are
in Ms. Amelia’s home with her family present. What do you think I’m going to do?
“You’re a different story. You’re now Mr. Thompson’s godson, and Ms. Bella thinks the world of you. You
are free to do whatever you want. I can take care of Ms. Amelia Thank you for your concern, but you
should get back to sucking up to Ms. Bella.”
Still, Hunter turned around and glanced lovingly at Amelia.
Steven’s eyes turned bloodshot as he clenched his fists.
“H-Hunter.”
With the brothers about to start a fight, Amelia meekly called out to Hunter. “I’m okay. I have sobered
up. Let’s head to the hall.’
“Alright. I’ll go with you.”
As the pair was about to leave, Steven could not hold back his emotions anymore and grabbed
Amelia’s hand.
“Ah!” Amelia scowled in pain, feeling as if her wrist could break.
“Come with me, Ms. Amelia.”
Steven pulled her toward him and wrapped his arm around her shoulders to make her go with him.
Amelia felt upset. She was an heiress too, but she could never stan tall and proud in his presence. Her
eyes glistened with tears.
Her mind told her not to go with him, but her heart told her otherwise.
What should she do?
She was still in love with Steven.
As Amelia and Steven took off, Hunter did not catch up to them.
###chapter504
Hunter would never let a woman hurt his image. 
From the back, Steven and Amelia looked good together. Hunter recalled how Steven was desperate to 
get Amelia back. 
Struck by a thought, Hunter curled his lips maliciously. “If you ca become Mr. Thompson’s godson, why 
can’t I be Mr. Thompson’s s in-law?” 
Steven took Amelia back to her room and shut the door with a bang. 
“Ugh… I feel awful.” Amelia fell face-first on the sofa, her breathing heavy. 
She finally sobered up a little, but the intoxication came back with a vengeance after all the commotion. 
Steven was pretty worked up, but with Amelia in discomfort, the resentment melted away. 
“You can never hold your alcohol. Why did you drink so much?” 
Steven sighed and shook his head as he poured a glass of water for her. “Get up and have some 
water, Ms. Amelia.” 
“I’m fine. I don’t want water.” 
Amelia rolled over in frustration and said sulkily, “You should leave. I want to rest now. 
” 
“Don’t sleep there. You’ll catch a cold.” 
“I don’t need your concern. Save it for my sister!” Amelia curled up into a ball and shouted at him with a 
pout. 
Steven’s heart was torn to pieces. 
With a frown, Steven scooped Amelia from the sofa and took into her bedroom. 
“Uh… Steven, put me down!” Amelia’s heart thumped out of her chest. 
As she dangled her legs in the air, her fluffy slippers fell to the ground, and her bare feet were exposed. 
Steven’s gaze traveled down. 
He felt like he was committing a crime when he saw Amelia’s feet. He looked away, feeling parched in 
his throat. His heart rate must be high. 
Steven put Amelia down on the bed and tucked her in. 
“Have a nice rest, Ms. Amelia. Goodnight.” 
Amelia’s eyes were hazy, and her judgment was cloudy when she 
grabbed Steven’s hand. God knew where she got her strength from because she managed to yank 
Steven to fall over her. 
His lips happened to fall on her luscious lips. 
“Mgh…” Amelia narrowed her intoxicated eyes. Steven’s weight pinned her down. 
As their lips met, Steven widened his eyes in disbelief. He shuddered
as blood surged through his veins. 
She tasted so sweet, like cotton candy. 
Amelia gradually lost consciousness while hooking her arms around the nape of Steven’s neck. 
She sucked his lips, deepening the kiss. 
The moonlight, filtering through the soft curtains, was gentle, ai crescent moon stole a glance at them 
with a smile. 
The event that night did not end very pleasantly because of Hunter’s presence. 
The Lovetts piled into three cars to get to the event. When it was time to leave, Neil said, “Join me in 
the car ride. I need a word with you, Hunter. Steve, you go with your mother.” 
Hunter pursed his lips in a grimace before following his father into the car. 
Steven sat in the back with his mother, while Clarence sat in the front passenger seat. 
Chelsea noticed the unusual flush on Steven’s cheeks under the light in the car. His eyes looked 
vacant, and his breathing was heavy. 
“What’s wrong, Steven? Are you sick? Do you have a fever?” Since Steven was Chelsea’s favorite son, 
she got worked up over every little thing. 
“Huh? What did you say, Mom?” Steven was lost in his thoughts. His
eyes were still dull. 
He still had not pulled himself out of the kiss earlier. 
“Why do you look so red, Steve?” 
Clarence looked at Steven through the rear-view mirror and teased him, “I looked as red as you are 
now when I had my first kiss.” 
“What are you talking about, Clarence?” 
Steven cleared his throat, but he blushed harder in the face. “I’m fine, Mom. Don’t worry. That reminds 
me. I need to pick Ms. Bella up tomorrow morning and leave with her for Savrow. My long break is over. 
I should get back to work.’
###chapter505
Chelsea furrowed her brows at the thought that her precious son ha humbly cleaned Bella’s feet in 
public. She was not comfortable w it. She said, “You were working with Mr. Asher before, Steve. He’s ti 
CEO of KS Group. You have a brighter future as his secretary. Why did you switch over to become Ms. 
Bella’s secretary instead? What future could you possibly have with her? The Thompsons’ business 
would be passed down to the firstborn son 
“Haven’t you watched the news, Mom? Ms. Bella is an influential figure in the city. The public coined 
her the heiress of disguises. I believe she’s just as competent as Mr. Asher,” Steven interrupted. 
“That’s because her father is Wyatt Thompson. She can do whatever she wants without obstructions.” 
Chelsea was not pleased. 
“Mom, Ms. Bella is good to me. I’m happy to work for her.” 
Steven held his mother’s hands, his gaze intense. “Most importantly, Ms. Bella needs me. No matter 
the cost, I will stay by her side for as long as she needs me, unless she doesn’t need me anymore.” 
Chelsea was shocked. Her heart sank. 
She felt as though her son had neglected her with a woman in his life. 
Clarence stared at Steven in disbelief, as the latter’s statement sounded like a love confession. 
“Son, I know you feel that way for Bella, but are the feelings mutual?” 
Chelsea panicked because she believed Bella had her son wrapped
around her finger. She tried to talk some sense into him. “Your dad and I are proud of you. You’re the 
apple of my eye. Look what you’re doing for Bella. Even if our family is in debt to the Thompsons, Bella 
should be treating you with more respect.” 
With his mother tearing up, Steven helplessly held her. 
“You’re overthinking it, Mom. Ms. Bella is a great person. She has never asked me for anything. 
Everything I did, I have done on my o free will.” 
The tension was thick in the other car. 
“From now on, you are not to cause the Thompsons any more problems.” 
Neil sternly reprimanded Hunter, “What have I taught you? You should never forget your roots or be 
ungrateful! Besides, there is always money to make. Your net worth is more than $100 million. Isn’t t 
enough? Why must you get involved with the Salvadors and tear the Thompsons down?” 
“What did I do? The Thompsons were the ones getting in my face and throwing their weight around.” 
Reflecting on the humiliation tonight, Hunter hissed through clenched teeth, “Bella must have whined to 
her father, leading him to acquire Evergreen and control my law firm. I won’t let that girl get away with 
it. I can’t just sit back and watch without doing anything. I need to teach Bella a lesson.” 
“Haven’t you heard a thing I just said?” 
Neil slapped Hunter in fury. “I’m your father. I’m only saying this for your own good. Do you think the 
Thompsons would allow the Salvadors to be passive-aggressive or allow you to stir the pot? No one 
knows better than me what a close-knit family the Thompsons are. You’re only looking for trouble by 
starting with them.” 
Hunter was not having it. He believed his father was bein matic.
“If you want to screw with yourself, go ahead, but don’t drag mother, brothers, and me down with you.” 
Now that they had cleared the air, Steven was back to working alongside Bella. 
Although his first love was never meant to be, it was finally a closed chapter. 
Nevertheless, there was one thing on his mind that he could not shake off. 
That night, Amelia held him close and kissed him in a state of drunkenness. 
“Steve? Steve? The pan is burning!” 
Bella shouted, snapping Steven out of his thoughts. He realized the smoke was coming out of the pan. 
“Cough! Cough! Oh, no!” 
Steven turned off the fire in a panic and threw the burned pan into a sink of water. 
“What’s wrong? You seemed distracted recently.” 
Bella hurried over and checked on Steven to see if he was injured. 
“I’m sorry, Ms. Bella. I guess I didn’t rest well. I will make you anot breakfast. ” 
With his heart pounding out of his chest, Steven wanted to scrub th pan, but Bella stopped him. “No 
time for that. We’re going to be late. Let’s eat at the hotel. Oh, drop me off at Mount Jaglee in the 
National Forest Park this afternoon. I want to visit Frank.”
###chapter506
That afternoon, Bella switched to a low-key sedan and arrived at the National Forest Park in the 
company of Steven. 
Thirteen years ago, Bella nearly risked her life recovering her mother lost belongings in the mountains. 
By right, the near-death incident should have left Bella traumatized 
However, Bella was not the type to give up, especially when it came to herself. 
Since the incident, Bella has not carried fear toward nature. She would make time every year to patrol 
the National Forest Park with Frank and rescue some hikers in danger. 
In the beginning, the other park rangers looked down on Bella, a young and beautiful woman. They 
even made bets that the girl would not last a day at the park. 
To their surprise, Bella gritted her teeth and hung in there, despite the hard work and horrible working 
conditions. She had a strong will that many men would give her credit for. 
From the rear-view mirror, Steven observed Bella, barefaced and in professional hiking attire. 
Without the glamor of her clothes, Bella exuded an air of resilience and strength. 
“It must be dangerous to hike, Ms. Bella. I’ll go with you,” Steven suggested with concern. 
 
“You?” 
Bella, who was resting during the car ride, opened one eye. “Do you have any hiking gear with you? 
Are you equipped with the know-how to conquer the mountains? Do you know how to hike?” 
“Erm… No, but I have surfed and dived underwater before.” St eyes lit up. He was eager to showcase 
his talents to Bella. 
Bella clicked her tongue. “Are we even talking about the same thing 
Steven pursed her lips embarrassedly and mumbled, “I will never go against you, though.” 
“What if we got into a dangerous situation? Are you going to plunge into the sea? I mean, I’m sure 
you’ll look good doing it. 
Steven scratched his head with a silly smile. He would take that as a compliment from Bella. 
The sedan drove into the National Forest Park, but car access was limited once inside. 
The rolling hills hiding behind the fog were in the distance. 
Steven looked up at the towering peaks and gasped in amazement. That’s high and steep.” 
“Is that all the adjectives you know for a mountain?” 
Bella folded her arms and shook her head helplessly. “Mount Jaglee 
is tall and majestic. There’s nothing like it.” 
Steven nodded his head incessantly. He was her lapdog. 
” 
 
I 
Chapte: 500 
“Anna!” 
While they were engaged in conversation, an enthusiastic voice interrupted them. 
Bella turned around and saw Frank heading her way with Xavier. 
“Frank. 
Bella felt bad and teared up to see the illness’ hold on Frank. He lost a lot of weight, and his cheeks 
were sunken. 
She went up to hug Frank. Frank responded to her as he would to his daughter. 
“Have you been well?” Bella whispered. 
“I’m good. I’ve been doing well.” Frank was all smiles. 
Upset, Xavier lowered his head. 
Bella took a deep breath to pull herself together. 
Being a doctor, she understood the relentless torment of the disease. 
It ravaged appetites, triggered nausea, and stole strands of hair. Even the strongest person was 
humbled by the grip of the illness. 
 
Bella cocked her head back and took a long look at Steven. 
Getting the message, Steven nodded. He had found an outstanding doctor, as she had requested. 
 
###chapter507
“Anna, and this is…?” Frank turned to Steven. 
“Oh, he’s my cousin,” Bella lied. 
These park rangers spent most of their time in the woods, not pay much attention to the bustle outside. 
They had no idea that they we with Bella Thompson, the latest buzz in Savrow lately. 
“Your family is blessed with good looks, Ms. Brown. Your cousin is handsome,” Xavier complimented 
sincerely. 
Steven blushed with glee. 
Even if he could not date Bella, he was pleased to just be her cousin. 
“Anna, the weather has been unpredictable lately. We could be expecting a storm. 
“1 
Frank looked at her worriedly. “I’m happy to see you today, but you don’t have to hike.” 
“I’m alright. Don’t forget that I’m an honorable member of the park rangers. They call me the Goddess 
of the Mountains.” Bella patted her chest with pride. 
“Hahaha… We are graced by the presence of two major figures today. How lucky,” Frank said with a 
chuckle. 
Bella raised a brow. “Huh? Who can top me?” 
“Justin Salvador, president of the Salvador Corporation,” Xavier interrupted. 
 
Bella and Steven blurted, “Who?” 
“Justin Salvador, president of the Salvador Corporation. Isn’t that a pleasant surprise?” 
Xavier’s eyes beamed as he appreciated Justin’s accomplishme learned who he was two years ago, 
but I wouldn’t be able to t was a privileged president by his climbing technique and skilled hiking. He 
hiked with Frank the year before and saved two hikers trapped in the rainstorm. He even rescued them 
with his own chopper. Many dubbed him the God of the Mountains.” 
“There is no room for two gods. 
Bella pressed her lips tightly together as the past brought back a lot of emotions. She murmured, “I am 
the Goddess of the Mountain, while he’s the ghost of the past.” 
“What did you say, Anna?” Frank asked. 
“Huh? I said Mr. Salvador is such a helpful, nice guy.” Bella smiled pretentiously and gave a thumbs up. 
“Yeah, Mr. Salvador is a good guy. He makes time every year to hike along the mountain and donates 
to the National Forest Park.’ 
Frank said with a relieved smile, “I have been wanting to introduce you two. You have contributed a lot 
to Mount Jaglee, and you both are hiking enthusiasts. You will have a lot in common to talk about. 
Bella was not having it. “I-I don’t think that’s necessary. I.have social anxiety.” 
“7 
 
In the end, Bella`sent Steven away and joined Frank and Xavier to walk to the base of Mount Jaglee. 
Bella’s mind was elsewhere throughout the journey. 
She was brought back to thirteen years ago, when Justin saved from the abyss. 
Like her, he had been returning to the place over the years. 
Curiously, they would hike the mountain, handle rescues, and donate every year. Yet, they never ran 
into each other. 
Bella clutched her backpack and moved ahead with heavy footsteps and her head down. 
She curled her lips wryly. 
Sure enough, she and Justin were never meant to be. 
Apart from the fateful encounter thirteen years ago, Bella was the one 
who forced things to happen between them. 
The group arrived at the foot of the mountain. 
A few park rangers rushed over. 
“Frank! We received an S.O.S. that the hikers went missing in the mountains. Two of them have made 
their way back to the camp base, but one is still trapped up there. We are launching a rescue now. 
 
###chapter508

"Alright. I'll go with you," Frank said right away.
"Frank, the weather is unpredictable today, and your health-"Xavier sounded worried.
"I'm fine. I can do it."
"Just leave everything to me and Xavier, Frank."
Concerned about Frank's health, Bella volunteered herself. "I was a field medic. If the hiker needs medical attention, I can perform first aid on him."
Xavier was surprised and impressed to learn that Bella was once a field medic.
"Erm... Alright then."
Knowing that he could be a burden, Frank held Bella's hands tight. "I'm counting on you, Anna."
Justin drove to the National Forest Park all by himself.
As Justin switched to a discreet vehicle, Steven did not notice him when driving past the entrance.
The black SUV pulled up outside the campsite at the foot of the mountain.
"Frank? Frank?"
Justin got out of the car, looking rather manly in his green hiking attire.
He looked like a member of the special force, returning home from the battlefield.
"Mr. Salvador."
Frank went up to greet him with a friendly smile. "The weather is horrible today. You're a busy man. What brings you here?"
"My schedule is always full. If I don't make time, I will never find myself here again."
Justin sighed helplessly. “I told you many times, Frank. Just call me Justin, like old times."
"I could call you that when you were a teenager, but you're the president of Salvador Corporation now. I don't want to show you disrespect, which would stop you from donating to the park," Frank joked.
"That will never happen."
Justin disputed with a serious face, "I have saved a lump sum in lan, my secretary's bank account. If anything were to happen to me, my secretary would donate to the National Forest Park in my stead."
Frank was taken aback by Justin's one-track mind. He smacked Justin. "Don't say that. I was only kidding. Don't take things so seriously, boy. Sigh. Today is a good day. My two favorite people in the world are here. I'm so content."
Maybe Frank knew his days were numbered, so he choked with sobs emotionally.
"Did someone else come to see you today?" Justin asked.
"Yeah. I wanted to introduce her to you. Both of you would come every year to carry out environmental protection programs and perform rescues. She also donates quite a sum every year."
Justin was not interested in knowing the girl at first, but Frank has his attention now. "I guess I can meet her since you approve of her. We share the same interests too."
"It's a pity Anna isn't available now. She's carrying out a search team with the rest in the mountains."
Anna...
Anna?
Justin's heart skipped a beat.
A blurred memory ambushed his mind, plunging his senses into numbness.
Moments later, Justin gripped Frank's arm and looked him in the eye before asking, “Is her last name Brown?"
"Huh? Do you know her?" Frank looked surprised. "Yeah. She's Anna Brown. We've known each other for many years."
###chapter509
Rumble! 
A rumble of thunder echoed through the dark sky. 
Justin felt as though he had been struck by lightning as h went numb. 
All he could feel was his beating heart and his emotions washing him. 
“Frank, how long has Ms. Brown assisted you with mountain patrol?” Justin’s hoarse and strained voice 
suggested he was fighting back his emotions. 
“It’s been three years. She often came here to help out whenever she could.” 
So, it started when they first got married. 
Justin’s heart skipped a beat. 
He found it hard to breathe with the catch in his throat. ‘Anna Brown… Bella Thompson … You have 
been going behind my back, doing the same things I did over the years. But I have my reasons. What’s 
your excuse?’ 
Justin’s head hurt as the bouts of mystery were driving him nuts. 
“It’s about to pour.” 
Frank looked at the cloudy sky and pulled out his walkie-talkie to communicate with Xavier. “We’re 
expecting a rainstorm soon, Xavier. 
 
Be sure to stay safe with the team and don’t act recklessly. Take good care of Anna.” 
“I got it, Frank,” Xavier responded. 
With bloodshot eyes, Justin clenched his jawline and ran toward the trailhead of Mount Jaglee. 
“Mr. Salvador, where are you going?” Frank shouted in a panic. 
Justin kept on going, murmuring in his head to go to her. 
He needed to find her. 
The sky loomed gray and heavy. 
Even though it was still daytime, the overcast sky brought about a dreary mood. 
The lightning ripped across the sky. The raging storm seemed to be sending a strong message to the 
park rangers to get out of the woods. 
“I don’t know what to say.” 
As the park rangers moved forward with difficulty, some whined, “We have issued a warning about 
potential stormy weather. Why don’t people take our advice? Why do they put themselves at risk to 
hike up the mountain?” 
“Now isn’t the time to complain about it. As park rangers, our duty is to ensure the safety of the hikers.” 
Drenched in the rain, Xavier yelled at his rangers. 
 
“Look here, Xavier!” 
Bella spotted the missing hiker’s phone between the cracks in the rocks. 
“That’s the hiker’s phone. We must be heading in the right direction since her phone is here. 
With the weather getting worse, Xavier knew the situati 
dire at this rate. He commanded, “Split into two groups. 
and Team A will head north with me while Team B will move 
“Yes, Captain!” 
Although Bella wore a raincoat and a windbreaker, her attire was vulnerable against the forces of 
Mother Nature. She felt chills and breathed out water vapor. She struggled to move ahead in the 
stormy weather. 
Even though they were split into two groups, Mount Jaglee was a huge base to cover. 
“Help! Save me! Help!” 
“The hiker is nearby. I can hear her screaming for help.” Bella stopped and keenly looked at her 
surroundings. 
Everybody was shocked, as the beautiful woman was not just for show. 
They started to suspect that her eyes could see beyond light and her ears could hear beyond sound. 
“Slow down, Ms. Brown. Safety first!” As Bella sprinted to the source 
 
Chato 
of the voice, Xavier followed her promptly with concern. 
Bella held the flashlight up, her heart pounding fast as she remembered the weak voice calling for help. 
She nearly lost her life in the mountains, so she prayed the person could hold on until they saved her. 
Bella clambered over rocks and parted bushes until s 
lost hiker on a steep slope. 
“Don’t be scared. We are here to save you.” 
Bella shouted emotionally, “How are you doing? Can you move?” 
“I can’t.” 
A/S 
Covered in mud, the hiker broke into tears. “My foot is stuck under the rock. It hurts!” 
“Don’t panic. I’m coming down to save you now. 
Bella was about to bite the bullet and lay against the edge of the slope to save her when Xavier made it 
there and pulled her back. 
“Ms. Brown, this part of the mountain is the steepest and most dangerous part of Mount Jaglee! With 
the heavy downpour, we have to anticipate a potential landslide! Don’t go. I’ll do it.” 
“Ah! Help!” 
 
The hiker’s terror-stricken voice came from under. 
Bella watched in horror as the woman slipped and fell another 2 
meters. 
7 
It was a precarious situation at that point. 
 
###chapter510
“I’ll go.” Bella volunteered without hesitation. “I’m lighter in weight. believe the rock surface should be 
able to handle my weight.” 
Everybody was worried, but at that point, there was no better way. 
“No, Ms. Brown.” 
When it came down to it, Xavier was scared. He furrowed his brows. I promised Frank to keep you 
safe. I’ll do it.” 
“No, Captain. You can tell that the area can’t hold a man’s weight.” 
The park rangers freaked out. 
“I’m not Ms. Brown here, Captain. I am a professional and honorable member of the park rangers. Cut 
the bullshit. A life is at stake here.’ 
Bella secured a rope around her waist and carried another rope while climbing down the slope. 
Nimbly and with technique, Bella cautiously climbed to the woman. 
Due to the heavy rain, the slippery and muddy slope made the rescue harder. 
“I’m coming. Don’t be scared.” 
Finally, Bella crawled to the woman covered in mud and held her. 
“It hurts… I can’t move… My leg…” The woman sobbed. Feeling hungry and cold, she could barely 
finish her sentence.
Bella was an outstanding physician, so she could tell that the woman had broken her leg badly. 
She carried the woman and secured the rope around her waist. 
Just then, Bella felt a horrible quake under her feet. 
“Oh, shit! It’s a landslide. Everybody, pull!” 
Xavier broke out in a sweat as terror overwhelmed h 
He gripped tightly to the rope. 
Despite pulling with all his might, his feet kept slipping forwa 
“We can’t go on, Captain. At this rate, we will fall too.” 
“Cap, we can’t hold onto the rope any longer!” 
“We can only save one, Captain. It will be too late if we don’t run now.” 
While they were talking, a torrent of rocks and mud carried forward a destructive force that was both 
unstoppable and terrifying. 
Xavier let out an angry bellow while pulling with everything he had. 
Seconds before the landslide, they finally pulled a woman up amid the heavy fog. 
“We got the hiker. She’s alive, Captain!” 
“Captain, M-Ms. Brown is missing!” 
News about Anna’s absence crippled Xavier.
Due to the landslide, the park rangers had to take the injured hiker back to the campsite immediately. 
“One team should transport the injured hiker back to the campsite, while the rest of you should come 
with me to look for Ms. Brown.” 
With his eyes turning bloodshot, Xavier clenched his fists. “Contact the search and rescue team. 
Things have taken a turn for the worse, and we need backup.’ 
“Captain, Ms. Brown could be buried under. 
“She might have fallen over the cliff. ” 
The park rangers kept their heads down in sorrow. They doubted they would find Anna alive. 
“Don’t say that! Ms. Brown will be fine.” 
Even so, Xavier teared up. 
Three years ago, a park ranger lost his life in a landslide. Xavier knew the horrifying side of Mother 
Nature, but he refused to admit that the. brave and resilient woman might have perished. 
“Look, Captain. Someone is there!” 
Xavier turned back and saw a tall, lofty figure in green hiking gear emerging from the storm. He 
approached them with a commanding presence. 
“Mr. Salvador?” 
“It’s Mr. Salvador!” 
Justin’s face was covered in rain, his facial features sharp in the dark of the night.
His presence offered great assurance. 
“Where’s Anna?” Justin went to Xavier and asked with bloodshot eyes. 
“Ms. Brown fell into the landslide while rescuing the hiker. We don’t know if she’s dead or alive,” Xavier 
confessed. There was no point in hiding the truth. 
Color washed over Justin’s face as he trembled. His heart dropped. 
“No… Anna won’t die. She will be fine.”. 
He thought to himself, ‘She owes me a lot of explanation. She hasn’t gotten her revenge on me yet. I 
have not made up for all the hurt l caused her. How can she possibly die on me? I won’t let you die, 
Bella! I need you by my side, alive and well!’ 
Tearful, Justin rushed into the rainstorm without looking back.
###chapter511
It was a picture of a rainstorm, falling stones, mud, and a thick fog. 
That was the last thing Bella saw before she lost consciousness. Despair had gotten a grip on her. 
Still, she hung on to her last breath and pushed the hiker up before the landslide towered over them. 
Even though the chances were slim, Bella still hoped the hiker could 
survive. 
She did not deserve to wear the uniform with pride and be there if she did not prepare herself to face 
the worst. Death did not scare her. If her sacrifice had brought value, her life in the bustling world would 
not have been in vain. 
Bella was not brave in the past. Afraid of getting a jab when she was sick, she would cry and make a 
fuss to prevent her father and three stepmothers from taking her to see a doctor. 
She met Justin here when she was 11 years old. 
Justin’s courage, resilience, and steady gaze left a lasting impression on her. Despite being strangers, 
he was willing to put his life on the line for her, and the realization shook the depths of her soul. 
It dawned on her for the first time that there was another way of living. 
life to the fullest. 
Even though she later married him and he had hurt her so much, she 
could not wipe off one fact. 
 
Justin had changed her. Her life was different because of him.. 
Time passed, and the constellation shifted. 
Everything seemed to happen in the blink of an eye. 
Bella fell unconscious for a moment, but she was lost in a long and 
strange dream. 
She dreamed about being in her parents’ loving embrace and celebrating her birthday with her 
brothers. 
Asher held her and placed her on top of a pile of presents. Axel sang the birthday song off-key. Declan 
carried a cake and blew out the candles with her, while Drew stuffed the toy gun she wanted in her 
hand. 
Justin was there, too. 
She remembered fighting alongside him on the battlefield, their lives. hanging by the thread. 
The next time Bella saw Justin again, he was by Nigel’s side. She could not take her eyes away from 
him. 
She recalled Justin sliding the divorce papers across the table to her.. 
He was determined and callous enough to make her leave. 
The heartbreak coursed through her veins. 
Bella woke up abruptly and gasped for air. Her sweat and the rain gave her shivers. 
 
“I-I’m alive! I’m alive!” 
Overjoyed, she closed her eyes and let the tears flow. 
If she had not dreamed about the bastard and the hurt he caused her, 
she might have died before she knew it. 
Now that Bella was awake, she was terrified by what she saw. 
The landslide swept her somewhere, and she found herself lying on a 
slope. 
Her backpack was hooked to a not-so-sturdy branch while her body 
was halfway under the dirt. She was nearly buried alive. 
“Damn it! Tsk.” 
Bella took a deep breath to calm herself down. She gritted her teeth.” 
I can’t die. I can’t die. What would happen to my father and my 
brothers if I died? God has given me a chance to live. Today must not 
be the day I leave the world.” 
Crack! 
The branch on top of her head snapped a little. 
 
Bella was shocked. 
She stopped talking and steadied her breathing. The branch might 
just succumb under her weight if she breathed any heavier. 
Exerting all her strength, Bella clawed her way out of the clinging mud and braced herself against a 
sturdy ledge. 
The moment she jumped onto the ledge, the branch on top of her 
snapped in half. 
The branch disappeared into the plunge off the cliff. 
Bella’s heart was in her throat.. 
With no time to dwell in fear, she tried everything to climb up. 
The wind and rain carried on through the night. 
The piercing rain blurred her vision and froze her hands. She was nearly losing her senses in her limbs. 
The only thing keeping her going was her strong willpower and desire. 
 
###chapter512
Having lost her mother at a young age, Bella was raised by her three stepmothers. Sasha often took 
Bella under her wing, introducing her to the thrills of boxing, horseback riding, and archery. Rock 
climbing, however, held a special place in their bond. 
Their shared hobby had come in handy today. 
Bella was about to reach the top when she felt a powerful quake and 
rumbling. 
A steady stream of rocks rolled off the cliff. Another landslide was 
coming. 
“Seriously, God? I have done a lot of charity, and this is how you repay 
me?!” 
As the rock with Bella’s foot on it fell, gravity pulled her down. She 
had nothing to hold on to. 
“No… Help!” 
She widened her eyes in horror as despair consumed her. 
The fall into the abyss would only crush her. 
As a tear slipped out, Bella closed her eyes in resignation. 
 
“Bella!” 
A pair of coarse hands grabbed ahold of her wrists and pulled her out 
of the gates of hell. 
Feeling an abrupt stop to the free fall, Bella opened her eyes. 
When she met Justin’s starry eyes, her heartbeat and breathing were. on pause for a moment. 
“Justin…” 
Was it a dream? Was this all in her head? 
Her heart thumped right out of her chest. 
“Don’t be scared. I’m here.” 
Justin’s intense gaze fell on her discolored face. Fear, dismay, joy, 
and heartache had a grip on him. 
Sweating profusely, Justin dug his left fingers into the soil while hel 
clutched her arm shakily. 
He could feel his body slipping down, so they were not out of the 
woods yet. 
There was a possibility they might plunge into their deaths together. 
“Justin…” 
 
Bella called out his name softly as tears rolled down her cheeks. “I 
don’t want to die…” 
She had been strong, pushing herself to the limit to climb all the way 
to the top. 
However, her feelings got the better of her the moment she saw 
Justin. 
It hurt Justin to see Bella, who was normally fearless, cry. 
“Save the crying for later. Now climb up with everything you have.” 
Bella sniffled and gritted her teeth to scale her way up as Justin pulled her. 
“Quick! The cliff is about to collapse!” Distraught, Justin shouted at 
her. 
“I know! I’m going as quickly as I can!” Teary-eyed, Bella shouted back. 
Justin furrowed his brows. 
She was cuter when she was bawling her eyes out. 
A flash of lightning bathed Bella’s face in light. 
Justin felt a sharp pain in his head. 
 
Through his blurred vision, he saw an eleven-year-old Bella. 
A somewhat familiar voice rang in his ear. 
“What’s your name, little girl?” 
–“Well, if you don’t tell me, I’ll just call you little girl since you’re so small anyway…” 
Justin widened his eyes in shock. All he could hear was buzzing in his 
ear. 
The dam broke, and forgotten moments flooded back. 
That little girl, Anna… 
 
###chapter513
Justin had no time to take in the shock. 
He could feel the surface beneath him crumbling. 
“Hurry up, Anna!” 
+ 
In the heat of the moment, Justin blurted out the name that she used when they were married. 
Bella’s heart skipped a beat. 
That name stirred her up with energy, and she managed to latch onto 
the edge of the cliff and throw herself into Justin’s arms. 
The man locked his arms around her and held her tight. 
Rumble! 
As the edge of the cliff collapsed, Justin shielded Bella and tumb with her in the opposite direction of 
the disaster. 
“Ugh!” With his back hitting a rock, Justin let out an agonized grunt. 
He hurt himself badly as he broke out in a cold sweat, which blended quickly with the rainwater. 
“Are you injured?” Bella looked up from his embrace and nervously 
looked at his discolored face. 
 
“No.” Justin kept his tone flat so as not to reveal the pain.in his voice. 
Struck by lingering fear, Bella dropped her weight on his heaving chest. 
and sighed. 
“Why didn’t you tell me?” His gaze under his drenched lashes locked on her, and his voice was raspy. 
“What?” As her heart raced, Bella looked away. 
“Why didn’t you tell me that we met thirteen years ago? Why didn’t you tell me you were the girl I saved 
here?” 
Justin spoke with a heavy breath as a mix of emotions ate at him. 
She felt a catch in her throat, and her soiled face turned pale. 
Did he call her Anna because he remembered the past? 
Why did he have to remember at this moment? 
Why did the realization come thirteen years too late? 
It was too late. She would rather that he forget about her forever. 
“Tell me, Bella. Say something!” 
Hot with emotions, Justin gripped Bella’s chin and made her meet his 
1998 
bloodshot gaze. 
 
“Do you remember why I called myself Anna when I married you?” 
Bella gave him a gloomy look, her chest clutched. 
Justin grimaced in pain at her cutthroat words. 
His memories came back to him. 
Justin asked for her name when-he saved her, but was met with 
silence. Hence, he randomly named her “Anna”, as it was the most 
common name he could think of at the moment. 
However, it was the random name that brought him together with the woman thirteen years later. The 
girl he once saved re-emerged as his 
wife. 
He had no idea. 
“Ha! It looks like you remember.” 
Bella chuckled. “You don’t have to remember anything, though. I never expected you to remember me. 
I am only passing through your life, whether it’s thirteen years ago, three years ago, or now.” 
Justin’s breath hitched. 
He was not at fault for saving her life and forgetting her. 
Yet the guilt consumed him. 
The woman had longed for him for thirteen years, but he turned around and forgot about her. 
 
She chased after him and tried to blend into his world. However, he pushed her out and shut the door 
to his heart right in her face. 
“I’m sorry…” 
Justin’s lips shivered as he choked with sobs. “I didn’t know you were that girl. If I knew-” 
“If you knew, you would’ve divorced me anyway.” 
Bella smiled with understanding. She had her regrets about him, but there were no lingering feelings. “I 
might be Bella and Anna. The difference is just a name. It doesn’t change anything between us. You 
don’t need to apologize. I should thank you. You left after saving my 
life. I didn’t know your name or who you were. I couldn’t express my 
gratitude.” 
“Even so, why did you marry me, Bella?” 
That was the question that had been bugging Justin. “Do you feel indebted to me because I saved 
you?” 
“It doesn’t matter anymore, Justin. It’s all in the past. There’s no point. mulling over a marriage that 
didn’t end well.” 
Bella closed her eyes as if closing off access to her heart. Her shoulders trembled, betraying her 
feelings. “Now isn’t the time to talk. 
about this. I’m cold. Let’s go.” 
In the rainstorm, the former couple reached a truce for a moment. As they were injured, they leaned on 
each other as they traveled ahead. with difficulty. 
 
Unfortunately, Bella’s phone had died on her, while Justin could no 
receive any signal on his. 
“One thing’s for sure-we are at the back of Mount Jaglee. Otherwise, we would’ve gotten a phone 
signal.” Bella staggered out of breath. 
The hunger and cold drained her of energy. 
Her determination not to be a burden to Justin was the thing that kept 
her going. She could not even feel her legs anymore. 
“I instructed lan to send a helicopter before I came to you.” Sensing 
that she was on her last legs, Justin held her waist to stop her from 
falling. 
“A search and rescue is difficult in this weather. Maybe-” 
At last, Bella collapsed. 
Justin caught her and held her close to his chest. All he could breathe 
in was the smell of wet soil on her. 
He tensed his jawline as his heart went out to her. 
The woman must have been through hell because he arrived to save 
her. 
 
“We should find a place to shelter from the rain.” 
Justin crouched down to carry Bella on his back before moving along. 
“Hey, Justin…” 
Leaning over his back, Bella wrapped her arms around his neck and asked in a weak voice, “Do you 
think we will ever get out of here?” 
“Of course,” Justin responded without thinking twice. 
“I nearly died once. What if-” 
“They said that you were the Goddess of the Mountain.” 
While hiking ahead with a struggle, Justin said with a faint smile, Coincidentally, they called me a God 
of the Mountain too.” 
ΤΗ 
“Pft!” She closed her eyes in disdain. 
“We won’t die, Bella.” 
Drawing a deep breath, Justin gave her dirty hands a tight squeeze. “If 
God can’t protect you, I will.” 
 
###chapter514
Amid the biting cold, Bella felt her hands were warm. 
Justin held her numb little fingers, enveloping them in warmth like 
never before. 
It was as if her nervous system was kicked back to drive. 
Bella closed her eyes with ease and leaned against his wide back. Her cold hands regained 
temperature in his grasp, her fingers curling for 
more. 
Feeling a tingle, Justin clutched tighter in case she withdrew her hands in repulse. 
“Be a good girl and don’t move,” the man said sternly, feeling the pain 
on his back harder to ignore. 
Still, he managed to keep his injuries from her. 
For once, he hoped he could gain her trust and be the shoulder she 
could lean on. 
“Uh… It’s cold. Walk faster,” Bella murmured in a daze. 
“Hang on. I’m sure we’ll find a place to shelter from the rain soon.” Between heavy breathing and foggy 
rain obstructing his vision, Justin
took each step with much difficulty. 
“What if we can’t find one?” Bella had lost her strength. Her voice was 
soft and sweet. 
“Just take cover in my arms, then,” Justin blurted. 
“I-I don’t want to! Don’t try to cop a feel!” Bella’s heart skipped a beat, and her eyes turned flighty. 
Justin curled his lips. The restless woman on his back seemed to 
supply him with boundless energy and affection he did not think his 
heart could hold. 
He should quit messing with her and focus on the road. She was not going anywhere, anyway. 
They were stuck together, their breaths and heartbeats mingling as 
one. 
It was like they were back at that dramatic moment thirteen years 
ago. 
The girl he carried on his back was all grown up. 
She was even married to him once and had been his wife for three 
years.
Meanwhile, Steven could not shake off the worry for Bella and ran to the campsite with an umbrella in 
hand. 
Upon arrival at the camp base, his black umbrella was ravaged by the 
rain. His suit was soaked, and his leather shoes were covered in mud. 
“Ms. Bella!” 
Steven ran into Frank, dressed in a raincoat, and lan. 
‘Huh? Isn’t that Young Madam’s lapdog?’ lan nearly blurted out the 
pet name he gave Steven. 
“Why are you… Don’t tell me Justin is here. Where’s Ms. Bella?” 
Steven had been working with Bella long enough to know that something was amiss. His throat was in 
his throat. 
“Can you stop yelling, Mr. Lovett?” 
lan was a bundle of nerves, too. However, he trusted that Bella would make it through the landslide and 
storm. He had faith in Justin to find her and protect her. “Mr. Salvador and the park rangers are looking 
for the young madam in the mountains as we speak. I have gotten three choppers on the search and 
rescue team, just as Mr. Salvador instructed. Mr. Salvador vowed not to return until he finds the young 
madam.” 
Steven’s jaw dropped.
Justin made a point not to return unless he had found Bella. 
Steven found it hard to believe that Justin, despite his indifference would make such a proclamation for 
Bella. 
“It’s all my fault. I shouldn’t have let Anna hike up the mountain.” 
Frank pounded his chest and blamed himself. 
“Don’t say that. You must trust Mr. Salvador. He is the GOAT.” 
Steven and Frank were speechless. 
lan’s words did not offer comfort. Instead, he filled the air with 
awkwardness.
###chapter515
“No… I don’t trust Justin. I need to inform Mr. Asher right away.” 
Steven could barely hold his phone steady while dialing Asher’s number. 
The call was answered immediately. Before Steven had a chance to speak, Asher’s husky came on the 
other end. “Did something happen. to Bella, Steve?” 
There must be some sort of special bond between the siblings because Asher had a bad feeling all 
night. 
Since Steven contacted him, Asher was sure Bella had gotten herself into a situation. 
“Mr. Asher!” 
Steven teared up. “Ms. Bella… Ms. Bella is in trouble. Please send help to Mount Jaglee at the 
National Forest Park.” 
Asher was at the military headquarters in Dawnford, more than 350 km away from Savrow, when he 
received Steven’s call for help. 
Now that Asher was in Dawnford, he could not possibly pass up a chance to meet with his third brother, 
Declan Brown, who had also taken their mother’s last name, like Drew. 
His mother gave birth to quadruplets and Bella, and Asher cared about all his siblings equally. 
Declan was a young talent. He was a colonel at the age of 28 with outstanding achievements. Since he 
held a high position, leading the army in Dawnford, he rarely got to meet with his family. 
Hence, Asher would visit Declan whenever he got the chance.
“Declan, Bella is in trouble. I need to get back to Savrow right now.” Furrowing his brows, Asher could 
not hide the worry on his face. 
“What? Bella is in trouble?” 
Declan, dressed in military uniform, jolted to his feet from the sofa, his nerves tensed. 
He had always kept his cool and charisma as a colonel in the presence of others. However, he was 
hysterical at the mention that his beloved sister was in trouble. 
As his chest tightened, Asher’s voice turned hoarse. “Our little sister went to the National Forest Park 
to volunteer at a search and rescue party.” 
Declan clenched his fists and sighed. He paced around in circles nervously. 
If the men working under Declan could see him now, their jaws would drop. 
“I told her many times to just donate the money. She’s not a professional first responder. She could put 
herself in danger, but she’s stubborn. She has a mind of her own. She won’t listen to reason.” Asher 
was worried sick about Bella. 
“I mean… Why does Bella go there anyway? Does Mount Jaglee hold some sort of secret or mystery 
there?” 
Declan did not want to be the strict superior in front of Asher. In fact, he shared Wyatt’s humor. 
Asher looked at him with intrigue and said indifferently, “Don’t you. remember what happened to Bella 
when she was eleven?” 
“I do. Of course, I do.” 
Declan sighed dejectedly. “I don’t know what to say about her and the Salvador guy.”
“I’m starting to get to my head that Mom had us first to protect Bella.” 
Asher let out a long sigh and walked out. “I got to go attend to the emergency, Declan.” 
“Hang on, Ash.” 
Declan stopped him and grabbed his beret on the arm of the sofa to put on. “I’m going with you.” 
It took quite a bit of walking before Justin discovered a small, dark cave. He carried Bella over. 
Bella rested her back against the wall of the cave and folded her arms. Her pale lips quivered, and her 
soiled face looked flushed. 
Even though she looked weak and disheveled, the light in her eyes and her fluttering lashes gave 
Justin butterflies in his stomach. 
Feeling warm and cozy inside, the man swallowed hard and cupped her cheeks. 
He frowned when he found that her face was hot to the touch. 
“Are you burning up?” 
“I’m fine. It won’t kill me.” 
Bella did not shy away from his touch because the cold sensation felt great on her skin.
###chapter516
Justin nervously put his hand on her hot forehead, and the burning temperature left him distraught. 
He quickly took off his jacket and shirt, which were still warm from his body, and wrapped them around 
Bella to shield her from the cold. 
Bella weakly opened her eyes. The man had given her almost all his clothes. At this moment, he was 
only wearing his black vest. 
His muscular body was a work of art. His rugged and untamed charm stood out in the wilderness. 
“Do you still feel cold?” Justin asked in a raspy voice while fixating on her flushed face. 
“Uh… It’s cold. I feel so cold…” Bella hugged herself and shivered. 
Justin drew a deep breath. With downcast eyes, he spread his arms apart. 
He carefully pulled her into his arms and rubbed some heat into her. 
“Do you still feel cold?” The man lowered his face, his heart beating out of his chest. 
Bella rested her chin against his shoulder blade, nestling up to him. 
Justin heaved a deep breath and dug his fingers into her wet hair to massage her head. He tried to 
help her relax and assure her. 
Bella felt her tensed muscles easing in his embrace. 
She was sleepy, barely able to keep her eyes open. 
Justin sat alongside her, providing her with warmth and taking her hand to check her injuries.
Bella’s fingers were bruised and battered. Mud and blood were stuck under her fingernails. These 
fingers did not look like they belonged to an heiress. 
The man pursed his lips as his mind wandered back to her grasping at survival while clinging to the 
cliff. 
His heart went out to her. 
“Bella, I hope this won’t ever happen again. You’re not a cat. You don’t have nine lives.” Justin’s lips 
shook in rage as he shouted at her. 
“Uh… You don’t mean anything to me. Who are you to tell me what to do…” Bella rested her head on 
his shoulder. Her judgment was clouded by the fever. 
Despite the circumstances they were in, she did not hesitate to snap back at him. 
“Can’t you tell?” Justin’s ears flushed. 
“I can’t. Tell me then.” 
Sure enough, he chickened out when push came to shove. 
“Ha… Whatever. Your answer doesn’t mean anything to me.” Bella closed her eyes, not wanting to give 
him any more attention. 
The only thing she wanted to do right now was take a nice, hot bath and lie down on her bed for a good 
sleep. 
She felt so tired. 
“Why did you marry me, Bella? Was it because I saved your life? Was it just to repay me?” Justin 
clutched her hand and held it to his chest.
The fever blurred her ability to think clearly. 
She answered all his questions because she had no energy to argue anymore. 
“I married you because I loved you.” 
Dumbfounded, Justin breathed heavily. 
“I have always hoped to marry you. I didn’t expect my dream to come true.” 
Bella’s eyes welled up. “I played catch-up to you for 13 years, Justin. Throughout my teenage years, I 
kept searching and chasing after you.” 
“What about now? Do you still love me, Bella?” Justin teared up and asked eagerly. 
He held Bella’s left hand, including her crippled little finger, tight. 
She pulled her hand away from his grasp as if to save her broken heart from him. 
Bella was still hurting, afraid she would be back to square one in her healing process. 
“I don’t resent or hate you. I’m not angry anymore. That also means I don’t love you anymore.”
###chapter517
Bella did not love Justin anymore. 
She no longer loved him. 
Bella could not lie to herself. Despite claiming no feelings for Justin, she could feel her heart breaking. 
She was used to the pain, though. In the three years she was married to Justin, the heartbreaking pain 
was more of a companion to her than the man was. The pain was a long-time friend. 
“What’s the point of asking these questions now, Justin? Are you delusional to think that I will be right 
there waiting for you?” 
Bella narrowed her eyes, her gaze vulnerable. She rarely laid herself bare, and it tugged at Justin’s 
heartstrings. “I loved you for thirteen years. I don’t have another thirteen years for you. I have no more 
love to give. I’m sick of you. I’m sick of you and the supposed love.” 
Her strong emotions cut Justin like a knife. His pale lips shivered, and he could not shake off the lump 
in his throat. 
He realized that he was the monster. 
Justin trapped her in a loveless marriage and nearly destroyed her. 
“Do you really mean it, Bella?” Refusing to give up, Justin had to ask, even at the cost of humiliating 
himself. 
“Yes. I have never lied to you.”
Bella chuckled, her nonchalance sending chills down his spine. “I meant it when I said I loved you. It 
was true that I didn’t want a divorce. The tears I shed for you were real, too. So I was honest when I 
said I didn’t love you anymore.” 
“Bella…” 
Justin’s eyes were bloodshot as he gripped her hands. Even thought Bella was burning up, her hands 
were like a block of ice. 
His feelings could never get to her anymore. 
“I’m grateful that you saved my life again, Justin. I owe you another one. I’m happy to repay the favor if 
the demand isn’t too much.” Bella spoke callously, as if he were a stranger. 
It was clear that she hoped to never be involved with him after this. 
Justin wanted to say something, but Bella fell asleep on his shoulder. 
She looked like an adorable bunny with her rosy cheeks, fluttering lashes, and sweat-soaked head. 
The man swallowed hard as his heart raced. He could not help but hold her closer. 
He once had many opportunities to do so. 
Now, he had only this rare moment with her alone to cherish. 
He did this to himself. 
The walkie-talkie was out of range to communicate with anyone, and he could not get a signal on his 
phone.
Although Justin hoped to spend more time with Bella, she had a high temperature. If the fever went on, 
she might experience other symptoms too.. 
Flustered, Justin checked her temperature constantly. 
He was in distress because of her. 
Justin was trying to figure out ways to get Bella’s fever down and to send a signal to the helicopters 
and park rangers to find them. 
In the end, Justin searched in the rain for a long time before locating dry branches. Drawing on his 
survival skills honed in the army, he built a crackling fire. 
He started a fire outside the cave to signal for help and another one in the cave to provide Bella with 
warmth. 
The amber glow illuminated the woman’s face. She looked quiet and. peaceful. Her skin also looked 
flawless. 
Justin’s gaze deepened as he stared intensely at her face. 
“Justin…” 
Bella parted her dry lips in a daze and murmured a man’s name. 
“I’m here, Bella.” 
Justin got down on one knee. “Do you feel warmer?” 
“Justin… You’re a bastard!” With her eyes closed, Bella talked in her sleep.
Her dirty arms waved in the air and somehow struck Justin in the face. 
It did not hurt, though. Bella was too sick to cause any harm.
###chapter518
Justin did not know whether to laugh or cry. Bella would still give him a dressing-down in her sleep. It 
would probably take a lifetime to undo the hurt he brought her. 
A lifetime… 
He had started to dream about making it up to her and protecting her for the rest of his life. 
Maybe he had fallen in love with her. 
With that in mind, Justin’s heart pounded out of his chest. He leaned forward and pulled her body 
closer to his. His lips met hers. 
“Mgh…” Bella whimpered. He could not take his eyes away from her.. 
His eyes turned glossy as he deepened the kiss. 
Bella closed her eyes, and Justin shut his. 
Justin let go and allowed his mind and body to take over. All he ever wanted to do was hold her and 
kiss her for as long as he could. 
A furious wind stirred up outside the cave. 
The rumbling came from the spinning blades of a helicopter. 
“Bella, don’t be scared. Someone’s here to save us. We’re saved!” 
Justin was confident enough to bring her to safety himself. He embraced Bella with joy, as the worst 
was over.
The helicopter touched down, whipping a whirlwind of dust and debris into a frenzy. 
Justin narrowed his eyes and tried to get a look at the chopper with a flashlight. 
The helicopter did not belong to Salvador Corporation. 
Who found them? 
It did not matter, so long as Bella could get the treatment she needed. 
Justin carried Bella, who was asleep and bundled up in his clothes, and took strides to the helicopter. 
“Bella!” 
“Bella!” 
A cry of panic pierced through the night sky. Asher and Declan got out of the chopper. 
Justin did not show much emotion at the sight of Asher. However, the handsome man in green military 
wear and black boots, bearing the military rank of a colonel, gave Justin something to think about. 
He felt like he was looking in the mirror, staring at a past version of himself. 
Even though Justin was the president of a multibillion-dollar corporation, he still missed those glory 
days in the army. 
Nevertheless, now was not the time to reminisce. 
He was more concerned about the man’s relationship with Bella. 
“Give Bella back to me, Justin!”
Declan’s fury was evident in his face. Even when his military uniform was soaked in the rain and his 
beret dripped with water, the stormy wind could not make him bend his spine. 
In truth, Declan had not met Justin before. Asher, on the other hand, could keep his cool before the 
man who had a long history with Bella, despite his displeasure. 
The weather dropped to subzero, and Justin was nearly naked because he dressed Bella in his 
clothing. 
Asher furrowed his brows, feeling a little sorry for Justin for a change. 
“Bella… What’s wrong, Bella?” 
Declan sprinted toward Justin, and the latter stepped back warily and checked Declan out. 
“Who are you to her?” 
“He’s Bella’s and my brother,” Asher explained. 
Justin’s eyes bulged in shock. 
Declan and Asher did not look alike, but he resembled Drew. Justin did not catch the resemblance 
earlier. 
Justin never knew that Bella had a brother who held high ranks and was on active duty in the military. 
Pursing his lips, Justin held the woman in his arm tighter as a wave of emotions washed over him. 
Goddamnit. All the men around her were nothing short of outstanding. 
For the first time in his life, a woman stirred up jealousy in Justin. He was jealous of a man.
###chapter519
“Bella…” 
Heartbroken, Declan teared up and tried to take Bella from Justin. 
Asher seemed like the kindest soul out of the four boys in the family, but that was not true. 
Declan always carried a stoic face due to his career in the military, but out of all of Wyatt’s children, he 
was the gentlest and most sensible child. 
He could not make it back for Bella’s birthday this year because he was on military duty. In the middle 
of the night, he hid under the covers and secretly wiped away tears. He was a sensitive and vulnerable 
man. 
“I’ll hold her.” Justin shifted his gaze to Bella and refused to turn her over. 
“You don’t deserve to!” 
Recalling the divorce, Declan saw red and took out his anger on Justin. “You know full well that you 
dumped her and hurt her. Don’t act like you’re the good guy here. Even if you saved Bella, I would 
never thank you.” 
“I never expect you to.” 
Justin paused before uttering in-a hoarse voice, “Bella is important to I admit that I have caused her a 
lot of hurt. Everything I do now is to make up for-” 
“You can’t make up for anything!”
Declan cut him off sternly. “It’s too late for regrets now. You have ruined my once cheerful and worry- 
free sister. There is no way you can make amends.” 
Justin froze. 
“Uh… Home… I want to go home…” 
Bella shuddered in the man’s embrace and cried out in her sleep.. 
“I’ll take you home, Bella.” 
Not wanting to waste another breath on Justin, Declan tried to snatch Bella from him. 
Just when Declan was about to hold his sister, Bella clutched Justin’s black vest and refused to let go. 
“Don’t go… Don’t go…” she mumbled 
“I won’t go. You’re still burning. How can I possibly ditch you?” 
Justin had always been a cold-hearted man, but his heart opened up to Bella. 
He turned to Declan and said pleadingly, “Let me take her to the hospital. I’ll leave once we arrive at 
the hospital.” 
“Dream on!” Declan yelled angrily. 
“Dec.” 
Asher stopped Declan and stepped forward with a sour look. “Let’s just go with Mr. Salvador’s 
suggestion. He can come with us to the hospital.” 
“Ash!”
“Either way, I need to thank you for saving Bella, Mr. Salvador. Join us in the helicopter.” Asher looked 
at Justin calmly. 
Justin responded dejectedly, “Thank you.” 
Bella was back in his arms. 
He tended to her with extra care, as if he had found something he had lost. 
The choppers sent by lan arrived, but Justin waved to send them. back. He followed Declan and Asher 
into their helicopter. 
The helicopter took flight into the night sky. 
Justin held Bella close to him, not once letting up. 
Declan caressed his sister’s forehead as his breathing became labored. Tears welled up in his eyes. 
“Bella, open your eyes and look at me. I’m here. I’m back.” 
“Bella is having a fever, Declan. Don’t worry too much about it.” Asher consoled Declan, but he was 
feeling anxious too. 
“It was rough for Bella today. She nearly fell off the cliff.” Justin stared long and hard at Bella. 
The fear still had a grip on him. 
Shocked, Asher and Declan shuddered. 
“I lent her a helping hand, but she saved herself.”
###chapter520
“Justin, you deserve to die.” 
Declan hissed through clenched teeth, “All of Bella’s sufferings come from you.” 
“I know. It’s all my fault.” 
After all he had been through, Justin could see himself for who he was in the past. He was ruthless and 
cold-hearted. Justin was willing to accept all the blame. 
“Why did you marry her when you didn’t love her? Why did you give her hope when you didn’t love 
her?” 
Declan looked daggers at him as tears rolled down his cheeks. “She is attached to the mountain 
because of you. All her life, she has lived. for you. What about you? What have you ever done for her?” 
The question hit Justin like a ton of bricks. His heart was ripped apart. 
What did Justin ever do for Bella? 
Nothing. 
He had never proposed to her or given her anything remotely deserving of a spouse. 
He dumped her in their bridal suite on the night of the wedding and slept in another room. 
He never spent any holidays with her or gave her any presents. 
When she and Nigel were caught in an accident, he did not rush to her side. 
None of these incidents, added together, caused her as much pain as that one thing.
When Bella was in her prime and loved him the most, his heart. belonged to another. 
Justin’s beautiful eyes turned bloodshot as he gripped Bella’s soft hands. He heaved heavily. 
He was filled with regret. 
Regret was reserved for losers. 
“My sister has put up with a lot and sacrificed too much, Justin.” 
Like Asher, Declan knew what Bella had been through in the last thirteen years. It hurt him just thinking 
about it. “Do you know that Bella nearly lost her life because of you? To pursue you-” 
“Enough, Declan,” With a scowl, Asher interrupted him. 
Declan swallowed his words and clenched his fists angrily. 
He was tempted to punch Justin in the face.. 
Nevertheless, Declan could not act before thinking like Drew. He was a high-ranking military officer, 
and the years had ebbed away his youthful rashness and added maturity to him. 
Only Bella could stir his emotions and awaken the bloodthirst inside. him. 
“What did you say?” 
Justin’s heart sank. Bella was hiding something bigger from him, and his suspicion grew. “Did you say 
that Bella nearly lost her life because of me? When did that happen? Tell me when it happened!” 
“Mr. Salvador.” Asher said grimacingly, “The history between you and my sister is a thing of the past 
now. Since Bella doesn’t want to talk about it, we won’t dwell on it anymore. It’s over between you two. 
But if your continue to pester Bella, don’t blame me for going after you.”
Declan jumped in spitefully. “Justin, if you want what’s best for Bella, you should stay away from her. 
You have hurt her enough. Do you want to ruin the rest of her life too? You don’t deserve her after what 
you did.” 
Declan and Asher rushed Bella to the hospital. 
Asher kept quiet about Bella’s accident. He even used the helicopter from Dawnford, so Wyatt had no 
idea about the situation. 
Otherwise, Wyatt would turn Savrow upside down upon learning about his precious daughter’s brush 
with death in the mountains. 
Justin stuck to Bella like a magnet. He did not leave after the helicopter ride and followed Asher and 
Declan. 
Bella was brought straight to the emergency room and soon transferred to the ward. 
Justin could finally relax. 
“Did you forget what you said, Justin? You said you’d leave upon arrival at the hospital. Why are you 
still here?” Blocking the entrance to the ward, Declan questioned. 
“I’ll leave once she wakes up.” Justin stood tall before him w face. 
Even though Justin was pushing his luck and acting shameless would live with it. 
lan was right. He and Bella were no longer meant to be. He might have ruined his only chance. 
“The nerve of you, Justin!” Declan was not the type to throw a tantrum in public, but he was on his last 
straw with Justin.
###chapter521
Justin stood still and gladly accepted Declan’s words. 
He had heard the same thing so many times before he had gotten used to it. 
“Mr. Salvador, Bella and my brother Declan have not seen each other in a very long time.” 
Asher Thompson walked over to Justin and said calmly, “I think she wants to see him more than she 
wants to see you. Your presence here is not only disruptive to Bella’s recovery, but it’s also intruding on 
our family time. Now that Bella is with us, there is no reason for you to still be worried and to stay here 
any longer. So please, go back.” 
Asher’s gaze was placid, and his tone was serene. There was no fluctuation in his emotions. 
But Justin felt like every single one of Asher’s words was a sharp knife that stabbed his heart, draining 
his body dry of blood. 
Outside, the storm had ceased, and the sky slowly brightened to a melancholy blue. 
Justin held his soaked coat as he walked outside heavily. 
It felt as if the coat still held some of Bella’s residual warmth, and he could not help but clutch it tighter 
even though he felt ice-cold. 
“Justin Salvador, my sister has given up and sacrificed much too much for you.” 
–“Don’t you know that Bella once nearly died for you?! She went after you-” 
He thought, ‘Went after me? What happened when she went after me?
Sacrificed? What had she sacrificed? What else had happened in the past?!’ 
Declan Brown’s words echoed in Justin’s head. The vein in his temple suddenly pulsed, and pain 
exploded throughout his body. 
“Justin!” 
“Mr. Salvador!” 
Justin struggled to look up as large beads of sweat slid down his handsome face. 
He could barely make out Ryan Hoffman and lan Harris, who had made their way there upon hearing 
the news, running toward him through his blurry vision. 
“Justin, why do you look so pale? Are you alright?” 
“I’m fine.” Justin looked down, gazing fixedly at the coat in his hand. 
“Then what about the young madam? Did you manage to find her? How is she now?!” lan asked 
anxiously. 
Before Justin could reply, a tall figure shouldered past him hard, walking straight toward the hospital 
doors. 
“Hey! Are you blind, Lovett?!” lan roared towards Steven’s back. 
The collision made Justin’s head spin. Despite his tall and sturdy figure, he was trembling and looked 
like he was about to fall apart at any moment now. 
Steven looked back to sneer at him. “Ha!”
“F-Mr. Salvador is the person who saved your Ms. Thompson, you know! What sort of attitude is that?!” 
lan was enraged and really wanted to go up and fight him. 
“It’s what he owes Ms. Bella. With this, I’ll consider it even. And you think I’d thank him? In your 
dreams. 
Upon saying that, Steven clenched his jaw and walked away without looking back. 
Justin felt tightness and pain in his chest, and sweat beaded up on his forehead. His hands clenched 
so tightly that they turned red, and his fingers were about to break the skin of his palm, but he still felt 
no pain. 
Because a bone-deep pain was spreading up his spine and testing his willpower. 
“Justin, something’s wrong with you. We need to get you checked out at the hospital-Justin!” 
Before Ryan could finish speaking, Justin, finally no longer able to hold back, coughed up a mouthful of 
blood that surged up through his throat. 
“Mr. Salvador!” lan was about to burst into tears. 
Steven was stunned too. He had not expected the man who was still talking to him earlier, completely 
fine, to suddenly spit up blood. In the next second, Justin swayed and collapsed to the ground.
###chapter522
Justin coughing up blood and fainting in front of them shocked the
three men to the core.
Luckily, they were right in front of the hospital. Ryan and lan hurriedly
helped the doctors and nurses transport Justin to the emergency
room.
Steven stood on the other end of the hallway in a daze as he watched
Justin, pale as a sheet with blood staining the corner of his mouth,
get wheeled through to the emergency room.
How did this suddenly happen?
Was this another one of his tricks to gain pity?
But Justin had been fine when he brought Bella back from Mount
Jaglee to the hospital. It was only when he got here that he collapsed
Justin looked like such a tall and tough man, so how had he just
collapsed like that?
“M-Mr. Hoffman… Mr. Salvador won’t-” lan spoke tearily as he

clenched his fists.
“He won’t.”
Ryan watched as the light for the emergency treatment room lit up,
his heart filled with panic, and his eyes bloodshot. “Justin will be fine. He’s the toughest, most stubborn,
and bravest man I’ve ever known.
He’s definitely going to be okay.”
Right then, one of Asher’s bodyguards walked up to Steven and
bowed.
“Mr. Lovett, Mr. Thompson sent me to lead you upstairs.”
“Alright.”
Steven held a heavy heart as he turned to leave, but suddenly stopped
and said to the bodyguard in a low voice, “Mr. Justin Salvador,
president of Salvador Corporation, is undergoing emergency. treatment right now. Pass my words on
and tell the dean of the hospital to get two of the most senior doctors to treat Mr. Salvador.”
Bella slept until the next evening. She slowly opened her hazy eyes,

feeling as if she had been fully recharged.
“Mm… Where am I…?”
She could not muster any strength, and she felt as if she was about
to fall apart.
“Bella! You’re awake! It’s me, Declan!” Declan shouted excitedly and
threw himself onto the bed to hug her.
He had stayed up all night holding his little sister’s hand tightly, his eyes red and swollen from the
countless times he had cried through
the night.
“Declan…? Are you really back?” Bella’s eyes widened and slowly filled with tears, the tip of her nose
turning red.
Declan nodded vigorously as he kissed his little sister’s forehead.
It was not as hot as it was before, and her fever had pretty much
subsided.
Last night, the doctor said that it was lucky she had been sent to the
hospital in time, or else it was very possible she would have gotten a

lung, brain, or heart infection, which would have been complicated.
“What about your army posting? Wasn’t it important? How did you
manage to get leave to come back?” Bella worried about Declan
instead of worrying about herself.
“It is important, but no matter how important it is, my little sister
always comes first.”
“Declan…” Bella hugged her brother around the neck and pressed he
cheek against his.
Declan had not seen his little sister in a very long time. She had lost a
lot of weight since the last time he had seen her, and her gaze was
not as bright as it used to be. His heart ached like countless needles
were stabbing into his heart, and his throat burned.
“Oh, right. How did I get here?” Bella asked as Declan helped her sit up. She leaned weakly against the
head of the bed.
Declan pursed his lips silently.
“Where’s Justin?” Bella’s eyelashes trembled slightly as she spoke,
her voice a little hoarse.

“He came back with our helicopter. He’s alive and well, Bella. You
don’t need to care about him.” Declan spoke coldly and dismissively.
But for some reason, Bella felt a terrible, inexplicable fear, and she
asked anxiously, “Where is he?”
Right then, the door to her hospital room opened.
Asher and Steven walked in, one after another, and they were
overjoyed to see Bella awake.
“Ms. Bella!”
Steven was so delighted that he could not help but smile and tear up.
He was about to run over to Bella, but when he saw that Declan was
present, he bowed slightly before walking over to kneel beside the bed
on one knee.
“You must have been scared terribly last night, weren’t you, Steve…?”
Bella was still very pale, but there was light in the beautiful eyes that curved up at him. “I’m sorry for
being willful. But there was a life at

stake, and I had no other choice then.”
Steven gazed deeply at her, so choked up that he could not speak and only shook his head.
He had heard that Bella had nearly fallen off a cliff and shattered all the bones in her body.
It was Justin who had risked his own life to save her at the critical
moment.
“Ms. Bella… There’s something I have to tell you.”
Steven hesitated but still told her. “Justin Salvador has suffered very serious internal injuries and even
coughed up blood.”
“What?!”
Bella suddenly sat up straight, her eyes widening as she
unconsciously held her breath. “How did it happen?!”
This piece of news obviously also came as a shock to Asher and
Declan, and the two of them looked stunned.
“I heard from the attending doctor that he suffered a heavy blow to
his back, which injured his internal organs and caused him to vomit

blood,” Steven answered honestly.
He might detest Justin Salvador, but he was not so small-minded as
to be jealous and conceal the truth.
Bella’s eyes widened as a memory came to mind.
She suddenly remembered that when Justin dragged her back from
the edge of the cliff, he had hugged her tightly, rolled to the side to
avoid the cliff’s collapse, and hit his back on a large rock.
But at the time, he had clearly said he was okay!
Liar!
Bella was both anxious and angry as her eyes reddened and she
made to get out of bed.
Her action drove the three men who loved her dearly into a panic as
they all hurried to stop this little troublemaker.
“Bella, what are you doing?! Are you going to look for Justin
Salvador?!” Declan pressed her shoulder.
“This happened to him because of me! I can’t just sit back and do
nothing!” Bella’s heart was in her throat, and she was very determined

to go look for Justin.
“What are you going to see him for? He deserves whatever has
happened to him. Who cares what happens to him now?!”
“Declan, I-”
Declan’s eyes seemed like they were about to burst into flames as he gripped her thin shoulders hard.
“You’ve wasted thirteen years of your life on him. Can’t you stop caring about that bastard from now
on?! I’m begging you… Please! Can’t you be selfish for once?!”
“Dec…”
Bella took a deep breath before saying softly, “I can be ruthless, but can’t be inhumane. There’s one
thing even you guys can’t deny-if it hadn’t been for him, I might not even be alive right now.”
In the end, Declan was unable to stop Bella.
She still inquired about the ward Justin was staying in and pushed on the door with Steven’s support.
But they were both stunned by what they found.
The hospital room was empty. Even the blankets had been folded neatly.
But Bella could still smell Justin’s unique scent in the air, and it wrapped tightly around her like an
impermeable net.

“Excuse me, may I ask where the patient who was staying in this room is?” Bella called out to a nurse
to ask.
“He was
discharged in the afternoon.”
###chapter523
At Justin’s insistent request, Ryan and lan transferred him to another
hospital.
Justin lay on the white hospital bed with an IV drip hooked up to him
in the hospital room.
He had withered overnight. But his face was still so stunningly handsome that it made Ryan grit his
teeth.
“You bastard. When you’re alive, you’re a menace to women. You’ll probably be a menace to female
ghosts in the afterlife, too. Tsk, tsk,
tsk… What a sinful man.”
Ryan sat on the chair in the opposite direction, crossing his arms over the back of the chair as he gave
Justin a playful look.
“How much salt have you eaten…? You’re being so salty.”
Justin slowly opened his eyes, giving Ryan a sideways glance in
annoyance. He was in so much pain that his breathing was uneven. “I
coughed up two pounds of blood, but you’re making comments about
my looks? I’ll always be more handsome than you are… Is there anything else you’re unhappy about?”
“Oh, my. Look at you. I’m just teasing you to entertain you because

you must be bored just lying there.”
It was not that Ryan was not concerned about Justin’s health. It was just that he did not want to bring
up any serious topics and felt that it was embarrassing for two adult men to be so emotional. “Rest
assured, you won’t die. I’ve already gotten someone to find the
country’s best internal medicine experts to treat you. I even
authorized them to use the machine, which costs $100,000 per use,
to treat your lungs. If they’re still unable to treat you, I’ll go overseas
to find someone to treat you. Anyway, I can pay for it. Money talks, so
don’t be afraid that I won’t be able to buy you back from the Grim Reaper’s hands!”
Justin frowned, thinking that Ryan was noisy.
“Even if you become completely paralyzed and can only move your
eyeballs, it’s fine. I’ll bring you with me wherever I go and let you become my attaché! Anyway, you still
have your bro even though you don’t have a wife anymore. As your bro, I definitely won’t abandon
you!” Ryan patted his chest with pride.
Didn’t have a wife anymore?
Attaché?

Paralyzed?
Justin’s mouth twitched. No matter how he thought about it, he felt like that donkey was secretly
shading, scolding, and cursing him.
“Zip your mouth shut now, and we can still be friends.”
Ryan smiled sheepishly. He could not help but still feel a bit glum. Still, he mustered the energy to give
Justin some encouragement. Justin, you’d better hang in there. If anything really happens to you, who
will your granddad rely on? Not to mention, you won’t have any successors. Those devils that call
themselves your family will probably devour everything you worked so hard for and your granddad
while they’re at it!”
”
Justin felt his heart clench slightly.
Hé remembered that when he coughed up blood, it instantly seemed
like all hope was gone.
Before his eyes, only two people’s faces appeared his grandfather
and Bella Thompson.

Justin took a deep breath to calm himself and said quietly, “If I do have an untimely death, the position
of president will eventually fall into my older brother’s hands. I took what was his in the first place. If it
weren’t for his poor health, I wouldn’t have become the successor to Salvador Corporation.”
“Cut that bullshit! What era are we living in where they still pass the
throne” to the eldest son? We prioritize capability over seniority in this era. Even if your brother was
healthy, your grandfather would have appointed you as the successor considering your talent and
ability!” Ryan often watched historical dramas with his mother and binge-
watched season after season.
Justin smiled faintly, feeling lucky to have such a happy-go-lucky
friend in his dull life.
“But Justin, why did you insist on transferring hospitals? You only got
hurt because of Bella!”
Ryan’s butt did not leave the chair as he scooted forward two spaces up to Justin’s bed with his long
legs. “It was such a good opportunity
to interact with her! If I were you, not only would I not transfer hospitals, but I’d also run to her hospital
room and put on a pitiful show. It would be best if I happened to cough up blood in her
doorway too! How else would she know how much you did for her?
”
Girls like bad boys, and they love it when boys have tragic
circumstances, you know!”
###chapter524
“Protecting her is something I should do. I’ve never thought of taking credit or asking for anything in
return.”
Justin slowly closed his eyes as a dull pain pulsed in his chest. “It
was what I owed her in the first place. Now, I’m just making up for the
mistakes I made over the past three years.”
“With your life?!”
“With what, then? Money? Don’t you know the Thompsons’
circumstances?” Justin raised an eyebrow.
Ryan scratched his head. It was true. They were rich enough t
his life.
Justin thought about Bella and how she looked extremely pale in his arms, and an uncontrollable pain
rose from the bottom of his heart.
Had she woken up? Had her fever subsided? Were any of her bones
fractured from hanging off the cliff for so long?
She was all he could think of.
Justin took a deep breath, and his hands clenched tightly in the bedsheets, suppressing an impulse
that felt like it was about to leap
out of his chest.
Had he fallen for her?
He must have.
Justin swallowed as his heart began to beat faster and he took
deeper breaths. A blush colored his pale but handsome face.
“Huh? Justin, why is your face so red? Are you having a fever?”
Ryan hurriedly reached over to feel Justin’s forehead, but Justin smacked his hand away in annoyance.
“Ouch! That hurt!”
Ryan shook his hand off and chuckled. “That was a pretty strong
slap. It looks like you’re doing fine. Your self-defense skills haven’t
deteriorated.”
Right then, there was an urgent knock on the door.
Before the two could respond, the hospital room’s door suddenly
opened.
lan hurriedly walked in, bowed hastily, and opened his mouth.
But before he could speak, a clear and pleasant voice that held a
sharp edge cut in from behind.
“Justin Salvador, you’re seriously injured. Why did you secretly transfer to a different hospital without
telling me instead of staying
put? What are you up to this time?!”
With Steven’s help, Bella stormed into their view with great
momentum, like a comet shattering the horizon.
She had taken a shower and changed into an aqua-blue dress, over
which she was wearing a chic white cashmere sweater that made her
skin glow. It felt like a refreshing spring had flowed into his heart with
her appearance.
Bella raised her chin slightly, not looking unwell at all. The sound of
her sharp stilettos signified her.
She glittered from head to toe as she gazed coldly at Justin.
It was as if the heart-wrenching kiss they shared while they were alone last night had not happened.
Justin pursed his dry lips tightly as he frowned, feeling unhappy.
“I’m talking to you. Are you mute now?”
Although Bella was expressionless, she had been secretly observing his haggard face and felt even
more angry because of this. He
grew unhappier. “What are you trying to do by hiding your injurie
from me? Are you trying to get my attention?”
Ryan was a bit intimidated by Bella’s powerful stance. She was jus
like a domineering queen.
This made Justin, who was leaning weakly against the bed and
looking at Bella somewhat resentfully, look more like a poor husband
who had been neglected by his busy wife.
Once this image set in, the originally tense situation suddenly
became comedic.
Ryan snorted, unable to hold back, and then burst into laughter.
###chapter525
Bella’s sharp gaze swept his way, and the “Prince of Savrow”
immediately lowered his gaze and took a step back obediently, like a
puppy.
lan hurriedly stepped forward. “Y-Young Madam…”
“Who’s your young madam?” Bella frowned.
as
“M-Ms. Thompson! Mr. Salvador transferred to a different hospital
because he was afraid you would be worried after finding out
injured and it would affect your recovery,” lan muttered timidly
The young madam was no longer as gentle and docile as sh
back when she lived with the Salvadors and had instead become
domineering and covered in thorns. Every time he came face-to-fa
with her, his heart thumped anxiously.
“Ha! Mr. Salvador is overthinking it. Who said I would be worried

about him?” Bella sneered with a raised eyebrow.
“Then if you weren’t worried about Mr. Salvador, you wouldn’t have
come after him so quickly, would you…?” lan looked up and mustered
the courage to retort.
“You-!” Bella glared at him.
Justin’s eyelashes fluttered as he leaned against the bed, his lips
silently curling.
lan was usually a bit dull and sometimes did not get the job done
well, but right now, he had said exactly what he was thinking.
Justin could give lan a bonus.
Bella commanded coldly, “All of you, out.”
“Ms. Bella…”
There was a worried expression on Steven’s face as he opened his mouth, but he was interrupted
before he could talk. “Steve, you go out
as well.”

The queen had spoken, and no one dared to disobey. The three men filed out of the room in a single
file.
When the door closed, Bella walked up to Justin, still frowning dee in part anger and part worry.
“I’ve looked at your case history, and it was a very serious impact injury. If you’d been treated any later,
you would have hemorrhaged and died.”
“But I wasn’t treated any later, and I didn’t die.”
Justin’s tone was calm, and his voice was husky. He met her eyes with a tender and deep gaze. “Bella,
don’t forget that I’ve been on the battlefield. I’ve suffered all sorts of things and been injured in all sorts
of ways. This is nothing.”
Bella felt as if she had been scalded by his burning gaze. The memory of when they fought side by side
and had each other’s back on the battlefields of Kridor came to mind.
No matter how unruffled she seemed, the moment she recalled those dangerous years she had spent
advancing and retreating amidst gunfire, her heart would still surge uncontrollably and her palms
would begin to sweat. Even her breathing would quicken.
“I’m very grateful to you for saving me, but you don’t have to go that far. You could have told me that
you were injured, and I would have found a way to treat you. What were you thinking, hiding from me
like this?” Bella gazed deeply at him, her voice trembling slightly.
“lan already mentioned the reason earlier,” Justin said lightly, not feeling like it was a big deal.

“It was your back, wasn’t it? Take off your gown and turn over.”
Bella ignored Justin, her attitude remaining cold. “Hurry up. What are you being so shy for, big man?
Do you think I’m going to take advantage of you?”
Justin smiled bitterly. “No. If you wanted to, you would have done so three years ago.”
“Hmph! I wanted to back then, but did you give me any opportunity to? You were so defensive against
me, like I was a thief.”
Bella instantly felt like she should not have said that, like she had just dug a hole for herself to fall into,
and could not help but blush slightly.
Justin was stunned by this, and a rush of bitter regret immediately swelled in his heart. The atmosphere
became awkward.
One by one, he unfastened the ties of his hospital gown and slid it off his upper body to reveal his
manly, muscular body. The scars on his skin, however, were more eye-catching.
It was not that Bella had never seen Justin’s naked body before. She was just amazed at how well
Justin maintained his figure.
She unconsciously swallowed before coldly ordering, “Lie down.”
###chapter526
The normally arrogant and rebellious Justin Salvador was currently
very obedient, and he turned over like a well-trained puppy.
Bella was slightly surprised to see him so compliant. She pursed her
lips.
His sturdy and broad back was bared to her without reservation.
Bella’s eyes widened when she saw the shockingly large bruise.
Although she tried to suppress her feelings, her heart could no
but twinge in pain.
Justin thought she had been frightened when she remained silent
wanted to turn around, but she held him in place with a strong gi
“Don’t move. Let me take a good look at it.”
“The doctor said it would fade as long as I tended to it well.” Justin’s
voice was low and husky. He was the one who got injured, but it
seemed more like he was comforting her.
“I don’t need you to tell me that. Do you think I’m blind?” Bella
snapped grouchily.
Justin choked at this and sighed, not knowing whether to laugh or
Follow on Nov?lEnglish.n?t
cry. “I couldn’t tell you were so brave and had such a fiery temper and
sharp tongue when we were married before.”
“I was pretending to be someone else to please you back then.”
Bella looked down as she lightly brushed her fingers across the scar
on his back, checking the wound. She said coldly, “I thought that
things would change with time and that if I was attentive, gentle, and
considerate, you would grow to love me one day. Later on, once I
realized you were heartless, I decided to leave and did not have to
pretend anymore. Now that I think about it, I was really foolish back
then. It was so not worth it to put myself through all that for the sake
of someone who would never love me back.”
Justin’s breath hitched, and he tasted bitterness in his mouth.
At the time, he had been blinded by anger and refused to open his eyes.
The grievances and injustices he suffered in his childhood ma
insecure and cling tightly to what he did have. He could accept
losses, but he could not accept being abandoned.
Rather than saying he was attracted to Rosalind Gold, it was mor
accurate to say he could not get over his inner demons.
“Bella…”
“I’m done with this side. Turn around.” Bella patted his shoulder.
“The doctor’s already given me a check-up.”
“I don’t trust anybody but myself. Turn around.” Bella had put on her
metaphorical doctor’s coat. Her eyes were indifferent, as if she were
desensitized to life and death.
Justin was a little bewildered, but he did as she said and turned
around.
Their gazes met.
Bella’s heart thumped uncontrollably when she saw his rugged and
sexy eight-pack abs.
He might be a bastard, but he did have a good body.
Sigh. She was probably defenseless against handsome faces in her
past life.
Bella calmed herself and gently pressed along his legs, arms, and abdomen as she focused on
examining him.
Justin gazed deeply at her. Something flickered in his eyes as his
emotions began roiling intensely in his chest.
At this moment, he desperately wanted to confirm something
“Luckily, you come from a military background and have a stu
body than normal people do. You didn’t break any bones, but you
shouldn’t neglect the bruise on your back. Aunt Mila’s pharmaceutica company recently developed a
new ointment that works very well. I’ll
ask her for some and get someone to deliver it to you.”
Bella spoke expressionlessly as her fingers brushed over his ribs.
Suddenly, he grabbed her hand and gently pressed her warm palm to
his chest.
Bella was stunned as her heart was thrown into chaos. “What are you
doing?!”
He had to be drugged out of his mind!
She could not tell in the heat of the moment whether she was being
taken advantage of or whether she was taking advantage of Justin.
“Don’t you need to check this part too?” Justin looked straight at her,
breathing a little heavier.
“No! Let go!”
Panicked, Bella tugged hard.
###chapter527
Unexpectedly, Justin was still astonishingly strong despite being
seriously injured. His eyes darkened, and with a sudden tug, he pulled
Bella onto him. The warmth of their bodies melded.
“Jus-!”
Bella’s eyes misted up from panic and she had just opened her mouth
to speak when a sudden kiss swallowed her words.
Justin’s moist lips slowly moved against her soft lips as he instar
lost control, like a beast that had gotten a taste of the forbidden.
Bella was dizzy from the passionate kiss and could not help but
moan softly.
Embarrassment, shame, and grievance were the intricate emotions
that welled up in her.
All of a sudden, her eyes reddened, and she bit viciously into Justin’s
lip.
He did not even grimace in response, and he allowed her to bite him.
Instead, he hugged her tighter.
The smell of blood wafted through the air.
1
Justin silently endured the pain she was inflicting on him with no intention of letting her go.
It was only when Bella was about to run out of breath that he
reluctantly let her go.
They panted heavily, sweating.
Justin’s lower lip was a mess of blood from being bitten by Bella.
“Justin Salvador, don’t assume that you can do whatever you want
just because you saved me!”
Bella panted heavily, her cheeks flushed red, almost yelling at him.
“You said it yourself.”
Justin looked at her deeply, rubbing a thumb over his bloody lip. “You
said you’d return the favor as long as I didn’t ask for anything too
excessive.”
“Isn’t this excessive? Don’t you think this is too excessive?!”
Bella’s tears started flowing.
She completely did not realize that she was crying as she lost her
temper at Justin. “When will you let me go? Aren’t we divorced now?
Weren’t you the one who forced me to leave?! When will you stop
tormenting me, you bastard?! I don’t love you anymore! You have no
right to touch me!”
“I regret it,” Justin said hoarsely as he suddenly teared up too.
But unlike Bella, he could not cry when he wanted to or laugh when he
wanted to. He had no right to live freely or express his emotions at
will.
For the past twenty years and more, he had suppressed and
restrained himself so much that he no longer knew how to properly
express what he was thinking and feeling.
“What did you say?” Bella was stunned, her eyes wide.
“Bella, I regret it.”
Justin repeated himself softly but firmly. “I regret divorcing you and letting you go. Can you give me
another chance to start over?”
Give him another chance… To start over?
Where would they start over from?
Justin did not even remember everything that had happened between them in the past thirteen years.
He did not even know that she had
once been pregnant with his child but lost it, yet he wante
over with her?
How dare he say that?
Bella’s bright eyes slowly darkened. There was not a trace of joy
seen, like pearls losing their luster.
Justin felt his heart clench in anxiety when he saw her expression
cool, and his blood gradually turned to ice.
“Justin, it’s over between us. Do you understand what that means? It
means there’s no future for us.”
Bella was teary, but this did not stop her from speaking mercilessly.”
We weren’t even a real couple in the first place. From the moment we
got married to the moment of divorce, we had so many hurdles every
step of the way. It was a mistake in every aspect. My father once told
me that true love is smooth sailing.”
###chapter528
“The only reason we even managed to get married for three short
years was because I kept trampling on my own dignity to cling to you.
I’ve put in a lot of one-sided effort to keep things going. What is there to cherish in this fragmented
relationship? Why would I give you a chance to start over? Why would I do something so stupid?”
Bella’s words were like sharp knives. Each met its mark and drew
blood.
Justin did not want to lose her and tried to take her hand again.
But this time, she did not give him the chance to. She nimbly dodged him, and he missed
embarrassingly.
“I swear I won’t anymore.”
Justin panted heavily. His voice was very hoarse. “I won’t be stupid
anymore, Bella. Just this once. You don’t even have to do anything.
You just have to stay where you are. It’s my turn to chase after you.”
Bella’s heart was beating as fast as a rabbit’s, as if she had just
ridden a roller coaster.
Her palms were sweating, and she was breathing erratically.
“Chase after me? Didn’t you previously say that I was a shameless
and cunning woman? I’m not a delicate, little, pure, and innocent girl
like Rosalind Gold. How could you ever be interested in me?”
Bella sniffed and sneered proudly. “And besides, I’m not the same Anna Brown you used to control so
easily anymore. Many people
want a chance with me. Do you think you can compare to any of
them? You’re a scumbag who’s been blacklisted in my book!”
“Bella, I really am-”
“Stop. I don’t want to hear it.”
Bella covered her ears with her hands and turned around to walk
quickly towards the door, like she was escaping. “I’ll ignore everything
you said today as nonsense because you were concussed. I’ll treat you because I don’t want to owe
you anything. Once you’ve recovered,
we’ll have nothing to do with each other anymore!”
With a loud bang, the door slammed shut.
Justin’s eyes were bloodshot, and the hand he had reached out to
take hers earlier was frozen in mid-air. It trembled slightly, then slowly
lowered.
“I really am in love with you, Bella.”
After leaving Justin’s ward, Bella did not go straight home. Instead,
she met with lan to learn about Justin’s condition and took his
examination report and medical records with her.
She intended to study them carefully at home.
When she gave Justin a comprehensive examination earlier, she
realized he was not in good condition. His injury was serious and
could have long-term effects if not treated correctly.
The Rolls-Royce sped toward Hatchbay.
In the car, Steven was driving, while Declan sat in the passenger seat.
Asher sat in the back seat with an arm around Bella.
Bella clutched Justin’s hospital records and sighed repeatedly as she
leaned against her brother’s shoulder.
It was obvious she was not in a good mood.
“What’s wrong, Bella? You don’t seem to be in a good mood.”
Asher turned and touched her soft cheek. “Is Justin Salvador going to
die?”
Bella remained silent.
Declan looked back and cut in with a frown. “Bella, that’s a go thing. What are you feeling so depressed
about?”
Bella still remained silent.
“Dec, have you forgotten what she’s like? She’s a kind-hearted person who knows how to repay favors.
Justin got injured this time because he saved her. If something really happened to him, how would she
ever get over it?” Asher sighed softly.
Declan was still furious, but he could not say anything to refute that.
“Justin was seriously injured, but he was treated in time. His life isn’t in danger.” Bella finally spoke.
“That’s good, then.”
Asher asked in confusion, “If that’s the case, why are you feeling so blue?”
“It’s not a big deal.”
Bella paused, then said softly, “Justin said he was going to chase after me…”
###chapter529
The car instantly fell silent.
The three men’s eyes widened in unison. Even Steven, who was driving, looked dumbfounded and
almost let go of the steering wheel.
“What did you say, Bella?” Even Asher, who was usually calm and
steady in the face of everything, was stunned by this.
“Justin said that he regretted divorcing me and asked me to give him
another chance. This time, it’s his turn to chase after me.”
Bella looked up at Asher. “Ash, what does he mean by that confessing his feelings to me?”
“No shit!” Declan and Steven instantly replied in unison, as if the
were sharing the same brain cell. “Bah! How shameless!”
Asher blinked and frowned slightly.
“Ash, do you believe it? The man who once tore our future to shreds
with his own hands is now saying that he wants to pursue me. He said it so confidently and sincerely.”
Bella smiled bitterly.
In the past, she would have cried tears of joy.
But now, more than anything else, she felt sad.
It was like she wanted a doll very badly when she was young but never got to have it. Even when she
was given a better and more expensive one after she grew up, she did not like it anymore.
Besides, why would Justin want to pursue her?
She used to be so good to him, but he never thought anything of it.
Nów, she clashed with him and humiliated him at every turn, so why
did he fall for her?
“Too little, too late! Justin Salvador’s confession is like dog shit!”
Declan spoke furiously through gritted teeth.
“Exactly. What was he thinking?” Steven muttered in agreement as he clenched the steering wheel
tightly.
“Bella, back when you were married to him, remember how he treated you when you devoted yourself
to him and gave him your and
soul? You haven’t forgotten how much it hurt just becau
past now, have you? Now that you’re a wealthy heiress lov
and he’s seen how amazing you are at your peak and how
tons of people fall at your feet, he feels unconvinced. That’s
unwilling to give up. He thinks that he must have been blind,
wants to get you back and continue hiding you from the world to
satisfy his filthy male ego. I’m a man too, so I know exactly what he
thinking!” Declan’s handsome face was red with anger as he indignantly complained about Jerkface
Justin.
“I don’t think it’s ego.”
BeBella scowled. “But I think you’re right that he probably thinks that
Bogomething about me now is more charming and more interesting
hthan before. After all, he only became impressed with me after I
eregained my identity as Wyatt Thompson’s daughter.”
HalMen are all vulgar creatures who seek ty and excitement.”
Steveven could not bear it anymore and said angrily, “He got sick of the
innocent daddy’s little girl type like Rosalind Gold, and now he prefers
someone like you, Ms. Bella. It just means he wants to try a new
flavor. It’s like changing his preference from liking shit to liking
durian. Today, he says he wants to pursue you, but tomorrow, he
could turn around and pursue some other woman.”
Declan agreed. “That’s right! Once a cheater, always a cheater!”
Bella raised an eyebrow. “I know who you mean by shit-that’s
Rosalind Gold. But explain to me who the durian is supposed to be.”
Steven coughed awkwardly. “Ms. Bella, it was just a metaphor…”
“There’s nothing wrong with a durian. It’s quite cute, and it’s the king
of fruits. It suits our dear Bella.” Asher cut in with a calm smile.
“But a durian is covered in thorns, and it stinks!”
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward!
###chapter530
“But it’s soft on the inside and tastes sweet.” 
Asher smiled as he tapped Bella’s nose with a finger. “It’s quite similar to our baby sister.” 
“Hmph!” Bella turned away in feigned anger, looking playfully cute. 
“Bella, you can’t fall for Jerkface Justin’s tricks again, no matter what! All men are trash!” Declan was 
deeply afraid his baby sister would fall for that bastard again, so he advised her earnestly. 
“Except me, Mr. Declan.” Steven stood up for himself weakly. 
“And me.” Asher immediately declared. 
“Yeah, yeah, yeah… Us Thompsons definitely aren’t that bad.” Declan hurriedly backtracked. 
“Hmm. I don’t think that applies to all of us. There’s always that one old fellow who drags us down.” 
Bella crossed her long and fair legs as she joked. 
The three men looked at each other as a name floated to the forefront of their minds in unison-Wyatt 
Thompson! 
“I don’t want to!” 
When Mila heard that Bella wanted her to help Justin out, she was so angry that she saw red. 
Mila, who was usually very agreeable to Bella’s wishes, firmly rejected her request to treat Justin. 
“Aunt Mila, hear me out…” Bella said helplessly. 
“There’s nothing to be said.”
Mila waved a hand and said coldly, “I remember every detail of how Justin Salvador treated you in the 
past. And it’s not just me, either. Celeste and Sasha definitely remember it too. Isn’t that bastard the oh 
-so-powerful president of Salvador Corporation? Let them think of something on their own!”. 
“Aunt Mila…” 
“Oh, right. Doesn’t he have lots of girls fluttering around him? Shouldn’t they be here, crying and 
sobbing, to beg us to help their beloved Justin? What are they waiting for?” Aunt Mila scoffed, wishing 
she could rip Justin to shreds. 
“Aunt Mila, Justin is a vile man, but this time, he saved me.” Bella took Mila’s hand and sat on the sofa. 
Her chiding words made Bella seem more like an elder than Mila was. 
Mila frowned. “What do you mean?” 
Bella told Mila the whole story of how she ran into danger on Mount Jaglee to save someone and how 
she was saved by Justin, who got hurt in the course of saving her. 
Mila was so scared upon hearing the tale that her hands turned cold in Bella’s grip. 
“Bella! Oh, you! If I’d given birth to you, I’d be grounding you and giving you a good spanking! You’re 
much too bold!” 
“Only Asher, Declan, and Steve know about this. Wyatt doesn’t know.” 
Bella put a finger to her lips and lowered her voice. “You have to keep this a secret for me. I’m scared 
his blood pressure will go up if he. finds out.” 
“I really don’t feel like keeping any more secrets for you. In the past thirteen years of your involvement 
with Justin Salvador, we’ve helped you keep so many things a secret we could fill out a whole folder!”
Mila lightly poked Bella’s forehead in frustration. “I should tell your dad about this so that he can keep 
you in check!” 
“It’s no use, even if you tell him. If Wyatt could keep me in check, he would have done so long ago!” 
Bella giggled with a smug little grin. 
After another round of earnest persuasion, Mila was so fed up with Bella’s pestering that she finally 
agreed.
###chapter531
Chapter 531
“Bella, tell me the truth. Have you fallen for that bastard again because of this incident?” Mila asked 
worriedly. 
“No.” 
Bella answered firmly. “I’m not so stupid to jump into a pile of shit. I just don’t like owing him anything.” 
Inexplicably, she felt a trace of paniq, but it quickly vanished. 
“That’s good, then. If you want to get back together with him, you probably won’t have any home to 
come back to.” 
Mila cast a chilly glance at her. “Do you want your family or do you want a scumbag? You choose.” 
Bella rubbed at the goosebumps that had risen all over her arms in fear. 
“Bella! Mila!” 
Right then, Sasha knocked on the door and strode in. “They’ve just delivered the gowns for Celeste’s 
birthday party. Hurry up and come take a look! I’m not too good at fashion. After all, I even wore pants 
to my wedding.” 
“Sure, sure! We’ll head over right away!” 
Bella hurriedly dragged Mila off to look for Celeste, afraid she would ask further questions. 
The three women arrived at Celeste’s room, only to find a wheeled rack crammed full of gorgeous 
evening gowns.
Every single one was limited edition and fresh off Paris Fashion Week’s runway. They were so 
dazzling! 
There were also rows upon rows of custom-made high heels on the floor. A few of them were topped 
with sparkling diamonds, making them look extravagant. 
If she had been any other woman, she would be shrieking in delight by now. One could buy a house 
just by scraping off a few of the diamonds and selling them. 
But Celeste, clad in a plain and ordinary light purple sweater, sat on the sofa at a loss. 
“What’s wrong, Aunt Celeste? Your birthday is coming soon. Wh aren’t you happy?” Bella sat beside 
Celeste and put an arm arou in a bossy manner. 
“Bella, can you ask your dad nicely to call off the party?” 
Celeste sighed helplessly. “I’ve been going back and forth on this with him for half a month now. I said it 
was fine to just have everyone gather at home. I’m not used to eating outside food anyway, and it’ll be 
so tiring and expensive to entertain so many guests. But Wyatt won’t listen, so what should I do?” 
“Wow! Celeste, you’re showing off, aren’t you?” Sasha teased. 
“If we didn’t know you, we’d probably assume you were trying to subtly show off and make us jealous.” 
Mila put an arm around Sasha’s slim waist and joined in on the teasing. 
Bella’s eyelashes trembled slightly, feeling uncomfortable. 
When she was young, out of consideration for her feelings, Celeste made herself invisible at home 
after getting together with her father. She only saw her bustling around in the dining hall during 
mealtimes.
At the time, Bella could not remember much but knew Celeste was her mother’s love rival, so even at a 
young age, she was very protective of her mother and clashed with Celeste often. She often caused 
huge uproars at home and even said a lot of terrible things about Celeste to her face. 
Bella always thought that Celeste had too little self-respect. How could she shamelessly cling to Wyatt, 
despite knowing he had a family and more than one woman by his side? 
It was not until later that she learned the whole story from Asher and Axel after she grew up. 
Back then, Bella’s mother had contracted lupus, and Celeste had donated bone marrow to her without 
hesitation. 
That was two decades ago, when medical technology was not as developed as it is now. Donating 
one’s bone marrow was not completely risk-free, and Celeste had gotten long-term after-effects from it. 
From time to time, she would feel unbearable pain.
###chapter532
Chapter 532
Though Bella’s mother still passed away in the end, it was undeniable that her life had been extended 
by a year with Celeste’s help. It was one more year of a happy childhood that Bella had with her mother 
by her side. 
Much later, when Bella lost the baby she had with Justin, it was 
Celeste who stayed by her side the whole time and took care of her like a mother would. 
Gradually, Bella stopped resenting her. 
She was not heartless, so how could she not be moved? 
Who would hate someone who had been genuinely good to her twenty years? Even her mother had 
never hated Celeste, so there w no need for her to hold onto that resentment. 
“Aunt Celeste, just go along with Wyatt’s wishes.” 
Bella hugged Celeste’s arm like she was Celeste’s biological daughter and smiled softly. “It’s not just 
what Wyatt wants. It’s what I want, too. You’ve never had a proper birthday celebration for the past 
twenty years and actually… I’ve always felt bad about it.” 
“What are you saying, you silly girl?” 
Celeste looked at her with shocked, wide eyes. “I’m the one who doesn’t like big celebrations. It’s got 
nothing to do with you!” 
“Then just think of it as if you’re fulfilling a small wish of mine and let us hold a birthday party for you, 
okay?”
Justin interrupted Steven. “At the very least, I want her to come here and devote herself to taking care 
of me this time.” 
What?! 
Steven was so angry that his eyes had turned red. His knuckles had turned white from being clenched 
so tightly. 
Anyone else might have the right to make a request of Bella, but not Justin! He was too shameless! 
“That’s right!” 
lan was normally not that quick-witted, but this time, he had read his boss’ mind and hurriedly 
lamented. “Mr. Salvador has suffered so much over the years for the sake of saving Ms. Thompson! 
He’s been in so much pain every day that he can’t eat or sleep well. He even coughed up some blood 
early this morning! Every day, I fear that he won’t wake up! It’s practically inhumane of Ms. Thompson 
to treat her savior like this!” 
Justin’s eyebrow twitched as he thought to himself that lan had been too dramatic. 
Steven gritted his teeth. Saying nothing further, he left the hospital ward. 
When the door closed, Justin, who was sitting tall as if he were looking down on others from the moral 
high ground, slumped, and his eyes dulled. 
Suddenly, he bent forward and spat up a mouthful of blood.
###chapter533
Chapter 533
In the end, Mila did give Bella the medicines for treating internal and external injuries that her family 
had recently developed. 
The next day, Bella sent Steven to deliver them to Justin. 
Justin did not want to seem vulnerable to Steven, who was the love rival closest to Bella, out of an 
inexplicable pride. 
But when he saw Steven arrive alone without Bella, his heart, which was filled with anticipation, 
suddenly sank, and the spirit he had forcefully mustered instantly crumbled. 
“Where is Bella?” 
Justin leaned against the bed, looking lonely and a little pitiful. 
Unfortunately, no matter how well he acted, Bella was not here to see 
It was a waste of effort. 
“Ms. Bella is very busy and asked me to deliver the medicine to you.” 
Steven placed the expensive and hard-to-get medicine on Justin’s bedside table, casting a cold glance 
at Justin’s pale face. “Ms. Bella says to apply the ointment three times a day and to take the pills for 
internal injuries once a day. She’ll send me over with more in half a month. They work similarly to 
targeted medicine and are more effective in treating your condition. But you may have side effects like 
vomiting and dizziness. Everyone suffers from different side effects. If you have a strong negative 
reaction to it, you have to tell Ms. Bella immediately..Got it?”
Justin frowned slightly but remained silent. 
“This medicine is so dangerous… Will it cause any problems if you take it?” lan muttered in a low voice, 
worried that his boss would suffer from taking it. But because it was given by the young madam, he did 
not say too much. 
“Ha! It’s his life. If your boss is afraid Ms. Bella is trying to harm him, he can choose not to eat it. It’s all 
up to him, and that’s that.” 
After Steven was done speaking, he turned to leave. 
“I’m not going to eat this medicine,” Justin said calmly. 
Steven turned back around suddenly, asking in shock, “You’re not going to eat it? What do you mean?” 
When Steven left for the hospital, Bella had specially instructed him to make sure this bastard ate the 
medicine on time, or else his health would be in danger. 
But now, this bastard said he was not going to eat it. 
How was Steven going to report this to Bella later? 
“I’ll only take it if Bella comes to see me. I won’t accept it otherwise.” 
Justin looked down and even coughed weakly twice. “Thirteen years ago, I saved her life. This time, I 
saved her again. Even if we’re divorced and she hates me, she has to admit that I am her savior. So, 
she can’t just casually dismiss me and treat me like this.” 
“Justin Salvador, how-” 
Justin interruptèd Steven. “At the very least, I want her to come here and devote herself to taking care 
of me this time.”
What?! 
Steven was so angry that his eyes had turned red. His knuckles had turned white from being clenched 
so tightly. 
Anyone else might have the right to make a request of Bella, but not Justin! He was too shameless! 
“That’s right!” 
lan was normally not that quick-witted, but this time, he had read his boss’ mind and hurriedly 
lamented. “Mr. Salvador has suffered so much over the years for the sake of saving Ms. Thompson! 
He’s been in so much pain every day that he can’t eat or sleep well. He even coughed up some blood 
early this morning! Every day, I fear th won’t wake up! It’s practically inhumane of Ms. Thompson to her 
savior like this!” 
Justin’s eyebrow twitched as he thought to himself that lan had b too dramatic. 
Steven gritted his teeth. Saying nothing further, he left the hospital ward. 
When the door closed, Justin, who was sitting tall as if he were looking down on others from the moral 
high ground, slumped, and his eyes dulled. 
Suddenly, he bent forward and spat up a mouthful of blood.
###chapter534
Chapter 534
“Mr. Salvador… Mr. Salvador?!” 
lan was scared out of his wits. He hurriedly pressed the call bell by the bed and grabbed a tissue to 
wipe away the traces of blood on Justin’s lips. “Mr. Salvador! You can’t go on like this! Stop being 
stubborn with the young madam! Since she’s sent the medicine over, why don’t you take it?” 
“No.” 
Justin endured the sharp pain in his chest. He was stubborn and gloomy. “This is the only way I have 
left to make her come to me and for me to interact with her. Even if have to put my life on the line, I 
want to see Bella. I’m going to fight for it this time!” 
“What? That bastard scumbag is refusing to eat the medicine. Why?!” 
Bella had been eating with her family in the dining hall when Steven called her out to tell her what 
happened. She was so angry that she felt a stuffiness in her chest and lost her appetite completely. 
“He said he would only take the medicine if he saw you.” 
Steven said angrily, “He’s too much! Not only is he not accepting your help, but he’s also treating his 
life too lightly and using it to blackmail you. He’s thinking too highly of himself! You’ve done your best 
on this matter. If you ask me, you should just leave him to his fate and stop caring about him!” 
“Prepare the car. We’re going to Savrow.” 
Bella instructed with reddened eyes, leaving Steven behind like a gust of wind, to head back and 
change her clothes.
“M-Ms. Bella!” 
Steven’s heart clenched with an indescribable sadness as he watched her leave in a hurry. 
Justin did not tell his family about getting injured and hospitalized. 
After all, in his position, even the state of his health had to be kept secret. There were too many people 
coveting his position, both within and outside of Salvador Corporation. If anything happened to him, it 
was very possible that it could become the reason someone would use it to overthrow him. 
All these years, he had lived like he was walking on thin ice because he was surrounded by enemies. 
All of this was because he was not Gregory Salvador’s favorite son. 
The only person who came to visit him today was Ryan Hoffman, as usual. 
Justin did not tell Ryan that he had coughed up blood earlier, not wanting Ryan to worry. But he was 
also worried that Ryan would spend too much time running around helping him look for a cure. 
“How pitiful and miserable you are.” 
Ryan sprawled on the sofa with an expression that made him seem like he was reveling in the 
situation, unbothered by the gravity of it. Seeing Justin look pale and haggard, like a flower on the 
verge of wilting, he could not help but mock him. “Tell me, how miserable do you feel now? Just a few 
months ago, you were enjoying such a splendid life.” 
Justin looked up slightly. “What do you want to say?” 
“At the time, you had a gentle wife at home and a passionate lover outside. You must’ve been elated!”
“…Ryan Hoffman.” Justin coughed, and his pale face turned a mottled color. He was so angry that he 
nearly spat up blood again. 
“still remember that whenever you met up with me back then, you’d complain about how annoyed you 
were and how uncomfortable you felt when you went home and saw that overly attentive woman. 
Damn, you don’t know how much I envied you back then! Eve waited upon like a king by a thousand 
servants isn’t as com as compared to the care of a considerate, attentive woman wh me with her whole 
heart and soul.” 
Ryan could not help but sigh tersely, some anger in his tone. 
He felt angry on Bella’s behalf, but also felt it was such a shame that his friend had lost such a good 
woman. 
“I wasn’t truly annoyed with Bella back then.” 
The memories of how good Bella was to him felt like a dull knife ccarving into his heart. “I’m not made 
out of stone. I wasn’t blind to hhow deeply she loved and cared for me in those three years. I was cccld 
to her only to make her open her eyes to reality as soon as ppossible and make her divorce me. I had 
no way of giving her a future at the time. If she stayed by my side, she’d only be wasting her time and 
life.” 
“What about now? You keep pestering Bella. What sort of shortcut are you taking this time?” Ryan tilted 
his head as he leisurely fished out a cigarette and put it between his lips.
###chapter535
Chapter 535
Suddenly remembering this was a hospital, Ryan did not light his cigarette and just used it to keep his 
mouth occupied. 
Justin was silent for a moment before he took a deep breath and said in a hoarse voice, “Ryan, I think 
I’ve fallen for her.” 
Whoa! 
The cigarette in Ryan’s mouth shook, and he nearly leaped to his feet. 
Although it was obvious to anyone who had eyes that Justin had long been mesmerized by Bella, 
hearing this fool admit it made Ryan feel indescribably satisfied. 
“I’ve fallen for Bella, so I want her to come back to me. I want to try chasing after her.” Justin suddenly 
looked up, his slightly trembling voice betraying his feelings. 
His naturally charming eyes were serious. 
“You? Chase after her? Can you? Are you sure?!” Ryan was extremely shocked as he fired off question 
after question. 
“There’s a first time for everything. Even if I can’t, I have to try.” 
Justin glanced at him. “And besides, if I can’t, don’t I still have you, my bad-idea generator?” 
“Wow! Why are you being so insulting? Not all of my ideas are bad, okay?!” Ryan glared at Justin. 
“I know you’re no good either, or else you’d have successfully pursued her by now. Am I not right?”
Justin stooped as low as he could go and gave him a few blows below the belt too, while he was at it. 
“But I have no one else to rely on, so I can only reluctantly entrust you with this heavy responsibility.” 
Although he had failed relationships before, it was true he had never actually pursued a woman before. 
He had not chased after Rosalind Gold. They had gotten to know each other in their childhood, and he 
had been introverted and gloomy then. In his memory, it was always Rosalind who took the initiative to 
get closer to him and clung to him. 
This time, for Bella’s sake, he was willing to put down the pride he had maintained for so many years 
and go all out. 
“It’s not that I’m bad at picking girls up, but Bella Thomps looks, the riches, the pedigree, and the talent. 
She has it you want me to attract her with? How am I supposed to ma open up to me?” 
Ryan pouted glumly. “I thought she had to be a pure romanti way she loved you so deeply back then, 
but unexpectedly, she actually a career-minded queen who preferred the throne over n She’s better 
than you in every aspect, and I’m the lowest on the fo chain among us three, so how do you expect me 
to subdue her? I’ just thankful that she’s so kind as to not destroy me yet!” 
Justin’s thin lips curled in a rare smile. 
“And besides, bro, I don’t want to rain on your parade, but you’re no longer the apple of her eye. You’re 
just a weed growing on a pile of shit to her. It’ll be extremely difficult for you to get Bella back, so you’d 
better be prepared to fail countless times.” 
“That doesn’t matter. I’ll focus on my pursuit. It’s her choice whether or not to accept me.” 
Justin was determined. His gaze burned. There was no hesitation to be seen. “I should still have quite 
a bit of life left in me and probably won’t fall for anyone else anymore. She’s the only one for me, so I’ll
take my time.” 
Just as he finished speaking, with a bang- 
The door of his hospital ward was slammed open. Bella walked in with a cold air about her, her hair 
swaying as her beautiful eyes glittered with an intimidating light. 
“Justin Salvador! You refused to eat the medicine I sent to you and insisted on meeting me before you 
would eat it. Are you treatin own life as a joke? What do you mean by this?!” 
The first thing Bella saw when she entered was Ryan sprawled a the sofa. 
Seeing that there was a cigarette in his mouth, she burned with rage and rushed forward to grab the 
cigarette. She threw the cigarette on the ground before grinding it under her heel. 
“How dare you smoke here?! Don’t you know that his lungs are injured too? He can’t inhale smoke. Are 
you his friend or the Grim Reaper here to collect his soul?!” 
The smile on Justin’s face grew as he watched Bella worry. 
“No, I-Bella, I didn’t light it at all!” Ryan was indignant. 
“Get out of here with your cigarettes right now!” Bella’s eyes were red from anger as she pointed 
toward the door. 
Ryan pouted and cast a pleading gaze toward his best friend. 
Justin did not even look at him as he said calmly, “If she wants you to get out, you should get out.” 
Ryan thought to himself that no one would dare fight for first place when Justin Salvador was in second 
place when it came to placing chicks before dicks!
###chapter536
Chapter 536
After Ryan left, only Justin and Bella remained in the hospital room. 
Bella recalled lan’s words as she was entering the room. Justin had vomited blood again, and it was 
not a small amount. She couldn’t help but feel a hint of panic. 
If Justin couldn’t survive this ordeal or if he developed some complications in the future, then she would 
never be able to repay this debt. She would live every day burdened with self-blame. 
Bella approached the bedside with a composed face and grabbed Justin’s wrist angrily. She turned it 
over to check his pulse. 
Justin opened his eyes to see Bella checking on him in a serious manner, resembling an experienced 
doctor. 
“Your current physical condition is not optimistic. You must take your medicine immediately. It might be 
too late to take it tomorrow.” Bella felt extremely annoyed and was about to drop Justin’s hand. 
Unexpectedly, Justin caught her cool hand in his broad, warm palm and held it tightly. 
Bella became flustered, and her breathing quickened. 
“Your hands are so cold. It must be freezing outside.” Justin gently rubbed the back of her hand with his 
rough fingertips. 
Seeing the scars still present, he felt both heartache and guilt. His voice was hoarse as he apologized. 
“I’m sorry to inconvenience you at such a late hour.”.
“If you’re ‘sorry, then you should obediently take your medicine! What’s with the theatrics?” Bella 
suppressed her turbulent emotions by gritting her teeth. 
She pulled her hand away from his warm palm and asked. “Are you still a baby? Can’t you take 
medicine on your own? Do I have to feed it to you?” 
“No.” Justin felt a lump in his throat. He swallowed and said softly, “I just didn’t know any other way to 
get you to come see me. I wanted to see you, Bella.” 
“Well, you’ve seen me. Can you take your medicine now?” Bella didn’t feel particularly flattered by the 
meek attitude of this usually strong- willed man. 
Thinking back to her conversation with Declan and Steven, a hint of conflict and irritation arose from 
the depths of Bella’s heart. 
She raised her wrist to check the time on her watch and said impatiently, “Hurry up and take your 
medicine. After I’m done here, I need to return to Hatchbay. My third brother rarely comes home to 
gather with us, and I don’t have time to waste here with you!” 
Justin felt a sharp pain in his chest from her assertive attitude. His open hand slowly clenched into a 
tight fist. 
Once, she was head over heels for him, but now, even the most basic patience towards him is gone. 
Yet, in the end, who could he blame but himself? Regret filled his heart. 
The path to winning her back was long and arduous, with vast mountains, wide seas, and boundless 
skies, 
Nevertheless, he still hoped to try his best, until the day he no longer had the ability to love her. 
“Bella, you cannot deny that I became like this because of you.”
Having realized the self-pity strategy was not working, Justin shamelessly acted like a rogue to spend 
more time with her. “I almost lost my life for you. Shouldn’t you at least show me some care instead of 
leaving me here without a word?” 
“And what do you want, then?” Bella’s eyes were slightly red, revealing a hint of anger. 
“Take care of me until I’m discharged.” Justin fixed his gaze deeply on her charming face. 
“Haha!” Bella burst into laughter and coldly joked, “I have never seen such shamelessness!” 
Indeed, even Justin was finding it hard to tolerate himself. 
Besides, he had seen how Ryan used to pursue women, and he had seen plenty. No matter what kind 
of woman, none could escape the passionate entanglement of a man. 
As for passion, Justin was not sure how to go about it. However, he could certainly pester Bella. 
“Justin, listen to me. I’m no longer your wife, and I’m certainly not a servant of the Salvador family. I 
have no reason to continue taking care of you.” Bella’s gaze was chilling as her body exuded an 
iciness. 
“Moreover, I’ve done so much for you before, and you didn’t appreciate it. You found it annoying, didn’t 
you? Now you are begging me to stay. What’s gotten into you?” 
“I like you, Bella!” Justin did not know how else to win her over, so he could only confess his feelings to 
her. 
He stared into her beautiful eyes with a warmth that was both intense and sincere. 
“I don’t care how you feel about me now, whether it’s disdain or hatred. It doesn’t matter.”
###chapter537
Chapter 537
“I like you, Bella. I’ve fallen for you,” Justin declared. 
Bella’s breath was stuck in her throat, and she subconsciously took a step back. She felt a mix of 
emotions that were difficult to put into words upon hearing this man confess to her. 
The room fell silent. Amidst the silence, both could hear the pounding of their own hearts. 
“Justin, if you had confessed to me in the past three years, I would have accepted without hesitation. 
Unfortunately, we’re not in the past. As I’ve told you before, the feelings between us have long expired.” 
Bella’s gaze was distant and indifferent. “I stopped loving you a time ago.” 
“I’m sorry! I know all this is a bit too late, but I am determined, and won’t give up!” Justin’s forehead 
was covered with sweat. He wanted to get closer to her but was worried that she might run away 
without looking back. 
His heart was in turmoil as he said, “Even if you don’t love me, okay. This time, let me be the one to 
sacrifice. Let me… Love you.” 
Justin had never used the word “love” with Rosalind before, but this time, he couldn’t control the urge to 
say it to Bella. 
“Enough! I don’t need to be loved by someone that I don’t love! How many times do I have to say it for 
you to remember?” Bella countered, determined to shut him up. “If you dare to spout such nonsense 
again, I’ll turn around and leave right now!” 
Justin choked on his words and obediently kept silent.
After a while, seeing that Bella’s expression had softened slightly, he cautiously asked, “If I don’t bring it 
up again, will you stay with me tonight?” 
Bella scoffed, “Haha, dream on.” 
“Didn’t you say that since I saved you, you would agree to one request? As long as it’s not too much.” 
Justin’s gaze sparkled, still not giving up. 
“Yesterday, didn’t you…?” Bella recalled yesterday’s event in this ward. 
Justin had taken her lips, held her waist, pressed her into his arms, and gave her a passionate and 
lingering kiss. 
Her cheeks turned crimson, and her whole body felt as if it h caught fire, burning with heat. 
“Are you talking about that kiss? That doesn’t count.” Justin hooked his thin lips, his voice soft and low. 
Seeing Bella’s rare, shy expression, he smiled with delight. 
“Doesn’t count?!” Bella exclaimed. She felt that this divorced man his thirties was truly a sly and 
cunning fox! 
“I forcefully kissed you, but you fought back.” Justin pointed to hi already scabbed lips. “This is the 
evidence.” 
“Serves you right! To deal with a rogue like you, biting your mouth to shreds wouldn’t be excessive.” 
Bella grew angrier the more she thought about it. Her little face turned flushed. 
“Alright, come on.” Justin leaned back, extending a sincere invitation to her. 
Bella bit her teeth. Looking at the man’s smug appearance, she really wanted to flip his bed!
Bella was not bothered to argue with Justin, who was morally blackmailing her to stay the night. 
She could only resign herself to staying the night with him. 
As Bella came over in a hurry, she did not bring anything with her. She had Steven return to her villa in 
Savrow to bring some necessities. 
Steven returned with a small suitcase in the hospital corridor, loo serious. 
Bella said, “Thank you, Steve. You can go back and rest tonight. Con pick me up early tomorrow 
morning.” 
Bella tried to take the suitcase, but Steven, with red eyes, refused to let go. “Ms. Bella, come back 
home with me.” 
“Steve, since Justin has made this request and it’s not too unreasonable, I will repay the favor,” Bella 
said calmly. 
“But, Ms. Bella, what if he has ulterior motives and does something to you if you stay with him in the 
same room?” 
“We were married for three years. If he really wanted to do something, would he wait until now?” 
“But…” 
Bella waved dismissively, “Don’t worry, even scoundrels understand the law.”
###chapter538
Chapter 538
Just as Bella stepped into the hospital room, Steven received a call from Declan. 
Steven answered, “Mr. Declan.” 
“Steven! As Bella’s secretary, why didn’t you report Bella’s whereabouts to us immediately?” 
Declan bombarded him with questions. “Why are you and Bella now at the Deux Hospital? Is she 
looking for Justin?” 
On the other end, Asher’s steady voice followed, “Dec, calm down.” 
In reality, Declan had a gentle personality. However, when it came to Bella’s matters, he instantly 
became aggressive. 
Steven was greatly surprised and blinked. “Mr. Declan, how know?” 
After all, Bella kept her visit to see Justin confidential! 
“Satellite tracking.” Asher sighed helplessly. “Declan is about to employ tactics for capturing wanted 
criminals. How hard is it for hir to find Bella?” 
Steven was rendered speechless. 
“Declan, don’t worry. Knowing Bella’s personality, she won’t come back even if you scold her and hit 
her.” Asher said in a laid-back manner, “We’re all adults. Let her go.” 
“I will dispatch a team of security guards to surround the hospital and keep an eye on the situation 
outside the room. Steven, I need you to watch closely tonight. If Justin does anything to Bella, you must 
inform me immediately,” Declan instructed.
“Yes, Mr. Declan!” Steven felt the pressure emanating from the young colonel. He was almost ready to 
stand at attention. 
Declan declared a chilling warning, intense anger evident in his voice.” 
If Justin dares to harm my little sister, even a little bit, I’ll make sure he never walks out of that hospital 
alive!” 
Justin happily applied the ointment and took his medicine since Bella was willing to accompany him. 
Although the hospital dinner was bland and lacked variety, Justin felt like he was enjoying a feast 
because Bella was by his side. He thought this simple meal was the most delicious thing he had eaten 
in years. 
Seeing him devour the food like he hadn’t eaten in days, Bella found it somewhat amusing. 
She decided to order a portion as a late-night snack for herself. 
The result was a rather unappetizing meal. But she stuck to her principle of not wasting food and 
finished it. 
“You should eat more nutritious foods to rejuvenate your body. 
Perhaps something soupy and comforting,” Bella casually suggested. 
“Great, can you make them for me?” Justin looked at her with anticipation. 
“I used to make them for you all the time, but you never appreciated them,” Bella sneered, pushing the 
meal box aside. 
She picked up her pajamas and toiletries and headed toward the bathroom. “Wilma is good at cooking. 
Have her make something for you.”
With a slam, the bathroom door closed. 
Justin felt a lump in his throat upon hearing those words. Bitterness lingered in his heart. It seemed that 
starting from scratch again and trying to reclaim what was lost was indeed an arduous journey. 
Bella emerged from the bathroom wearing a peach-colored silk pajama set. 
Even without makeup, her skin was still as translucent and tender as a peeled lychee. 
She had a youthful innocence that made her look more like 18 than her actual age of 24. 
Justin’s thin lips pursed slightly. His usually steady heartbeat surged in response to her presence. 
“What are you looking at? Never seen me without makeup?” Bella sprayed her face with a mist, feeling 
the dryness in the room. 
“I have, frequently in the past,” Justin replied calmly, trying to suppress the turmoil in his heart. “It’s just 
that I got emotional just now.” 
“You got emotional just by looking at me? Well, I only saw the lust in your eyes.” Bella spoke 
sarcastically as she walked over to the sofa and took a seat, 
Justin was momentarily speechless 
This woman had already reached the pinnacle of cursing without using any vulgar language. If she 
were to scold him, it would be the epitome of eloquence. 
“Those who trespass my territory shall be killed without mercy.” Bella lay horizontally on the sofa. She 
wore a silk eye mask and covered herself with a blanket. She quickly adjusted herself into a 
comfortable position and declared, “I’m going to sleep.” 
“Come and sleep in the bed,” Justin gently suggested.
“Justin, we’re divorced. Do you still fantasize about sharing a bed with your ex-wife? Are you asking for 
death?” Bella asked coldly. 
“No, you’ve misunderstood.” Justin couldn’t help but smile bitterly. ” I’ll give you the bed.” 
“Say one more word, and I’ll leave immediately. Since you’ve taken your medicine, there’s nothing that 
can hold me here.” Bella dismissed him, completely in control. 
This time, Justin didn’t dare to say anything more. 
Finally convincing her to stay the night, he couldn’t afford to ruin this tranquil moment. 
The lights were switched off, and the room fell into peaceful silence. 
Justin was not sleepy at all. He lay on his side and stole glances at Bella without blinking. 
Under the soft moonlight, Bella looked like a perfectly proportioned sculpture lying on her side. Even 
with her back turned towards him, she looked beautiful. 
“Still looking? If you keep looking, I’ll leave,” Bella suddenly said, as if she had eyes on her back. 
“Sorry for disturbing your rest.” Justin’s heart trembled. 
Now, he was truly cautious, humble, and timid. 
“No, it’s just that when you’re asleep, your breathing isn’t like this. I can instantly tell whether you’re 
asleep or not,” Bella said. 
As soon as the words were spoken, both of them were stunned.
Bella suddenly felt a faint, indescribable pain in her heart. She curled up her slender body, clutching the 
edge of her clothes tightly. 
She was a little angry with herself. ‘How deeply in love was I that even the slightest details of that man 
became familiar to my heart?’ 
Justin’s eyes widened in astonishment, a profound sense of guilt rising within him. 
The pitch-black room seemed to make the air thin, making it hard for him to breathe. 
For the past three years, every night, he slept soundly. But what about Bella? How did she endure 
those lonely and desolate nights? 
“Bella, I was too much of a jerk in the past.” After a while, he expressed remorse again, his voice deep 
and hoarse. 
“Let it go. It’s all in the past. I just hope that none of us repeats the same mistakes.” 
“Bella, I’m serious.” 
Bella closed her eyes, gently interrupting him with a smile. “If you liked me, you would have liked me a 
long time ago. Why wait until now? Even if you like me now, it’s just a change in your taste. I’m not a 
fool. How could I take your momentary whims as solemn vows?”
###chapter539
Chapter 539
Justin felt as if his heart was filled with sharp shards. 
He clenched his own shirt, thinking to himself, ‘No, of course not, Bella. I’m not someone who acts on a 
whim. My feelings for you are not a passing fancy. Is delayed affection not considered love? 
Thirteen years ago, we faced life and death together. Thirteen years later, we continue to face 
hardships side by side. We are destined to be inextricably bound in this lifetime.’ 
For the first time in his life, Justin experienced the difficulty of holding back words of love. 
Justin felt the frustration of having so much to say but being unable to speak. But in the end, he chose 
silence. 
He knew that now was not the time to speak. What he needed was act. 
Although Bella had recovered from her fever, her body was not fu recovered. 
Bella was exhausted after the last three days of turmoil. She could no longer be bothered guarding 
against the ‘wolf’ any longer. 
She fell asleep shortly after her head touched the pillow. 
But Justin kept his eyes open, staring straight at her as if he were guarding her without any signs of 
drowsiness. 
Only when he was sure that Bella had genuinely fallen asleep did he endure the pain and climb out of 
bed. He tiptoed over to the sofa.
Originally, he had planned to admire Bella’s tranquil and lovely sleeping face. But he felt sorry for letting 
her sleep on the sofa. 
Thus, he gently lifted her delicate and soft body. 
He lowered his long eyelashes as he cradled her in his arms. His palms were slightly sweaty. 
He also could not resist brushing his sharp jawline against her soft hair. 
“Mm…” Bella let out a soft whimper in his embrace. 
She resembled a sleeping baby having a dream. 
Justin’s eyes deepened, and his throat felt both dry and itchy. 
He had a strong desire to kiss her, and his lips hovered just above hers. In the end, he couldn’t bear to 
do it. 
He used to think that he had married a demure little flower. Now, realized that she was a charming 
enchantress who captured his hea and soul. 
Bella woke up from her sleep the next morning and lazily stretched her waist under the quilt. 
She slept unexpectedly comfortably last night. 
Wait a minute. 
Bella sprang up and looked around. Only then did she discover that she was actually sleeping on the 
bed! 
‘What’s going on? Did I sleepwalk?’
Bella quickly uncovered the blanket, finding herself still dressed. 
Considering that the bed was a narrow single bed and Justin’s robust figure, it should be impossible for 
her to squeeze in… 
There was no way she would not have felt it if he did. 
At this moment, Justin was nowhere to be seen in the ward. 
Bella pounded the bed with her fists, cursing under her breath. 
With such severe injuries, he still dared to wander around. It was like he was looking to shorten his own 
life! 
Just then, a knock came from outside, along with Steven’s voice. “Ms. Bella? Have you woken up?” 
“Come in.” Bella, afraid that Steven might misunderstand, jumped off the bed and walked to the sofa. 
Steven pushed the door open with his back and walked in. He held two large, high-end food boxes in 
his hands. “Mr. Asher and Mr. 
Declan are on their way from Hatchbay to Savrow. They’re coming to pick you up together. After 
picking you up, they plan to have lunch, and then Mr. Declan will return to Dawnford.” 
Bella rubbed her slightly sore temples and sighed. 
She had indeed alerted her brothers after all. She diverted her attention to the food boxes and asked, 
“What do you have there?” 
“It’s from Justin. He had his secretary prepare breakfast for you.”
Steven placed the two large food boxes on the coffee table, looking dissatisfied. 
Outside the door, lan sneezed loudly, thinking to himself, ‘Who the hell is cursing at me?’ 
Bella frowned. “Where is Justin?” 
“He went for a medical checkup.” pin to Claim Your Surprise Reward dissatisfied. 
Outside the door, lan sneezed loudly, thinking to himself, ‘Who the hell is cursing at me?’ 
Bella frowned. “Where is Justin?” 
“He went for a medical checkup.”
###chapter540
Chapter 540
Bella opened the food boxes and widened her eyes in surprise. 
Inside were exquisite dishes featuring the specialties of Hatchbay. 
They were meticulously arranged with delightful colors, aromas, flavors. and 
Unexpectedly, every dish was something she often ate at home and loved! 
Gurgle… Her stomach couldn’t help but growl. 
“I heard that Justin sent someone to drive to Hatchbay around five in the morning to bring these back. 
The lunchbox has a thermal insulation layer, and the dishes are still warm.” Steven took out each dish 
from the box, speaking in a monotone manner like a robot. 
Steven knew that this was just the beginning, and Justin was starting to launch a pursuit of Bella. 
Although Steven had loved Bella before and didn’t oppose her dating, he was afraid that the person 
pursuing her would be Justin. 
“Does he have a problem with his brain? Who asked him to do all this for me?” Despite her tough 
words, she couldn’t resist picking up a warm dumpling and taking a big bite. 
Steven watched her with a wry smile! 
“Ms. Thompson, is it delicious?” 
A magnetic voice sounded in her ear. Startled, Bella almost choked on the dumpling. 
“Cough, cough, cough, cough, cough…” Bella covered her chest and coughed in pain, her face turning 
red.
“Ms. Bella, are you okay?” Steven was taken aback, and he reached out to pat her back. 
When Justin saw Steven’s hands touching Bella’s back, a fire seemed to ignite in his heart. 
It was as if someone were fanning the flames in his chest. 
Even though Justin knew there was nothing between Bella and Steven, he still felt a tinge of jealousy in 
his chest. 
Justin’s brows furrowed deeply, and he was about to walk over to Bella. 
Unexpectedly, it was Bella who strode towards him first, furious. 
“What happened last night? Why was I on the bed?” Bella angrily questioned. 
“I carried you over. Sleeping on the sofa is uncomfortable,” Justin answered with a gentle tone. 
His warm breath sprayed onto her forehead, carrying an indescribable hint of ambiguity. 
“Who allowed you to do such unnecessary things?” Bella met his gaze, which was filled with affection, 
and tightened her fists. 
“Anything I do for you is never unnecessary,” Justin said sincerely. 
His expression was genuine and devoid of any frivolity. Paired with those sultry eyes, few women could 
resist his damned charm. 
“Justin, your touching gestures may move the heavens and the earth, but they won’t move me. Save 
it,” Bella scoffed.
She assessed the man before her and noticed his navy pinstriped designer suit and the tie she had 
once given him. On the crisp collar, she spotted a brooch that she had gifted him. Her pupils slightly 
contract. 
“Are you planning to leave the hospital?” 
“Yes,” he answered frankly. 
“You can’t. You don’t meet the discharge criteria.” 
“Then will you stay with me until the day I meet the discharge criteria and can leave?” Justin raised his 
lips, licking his lips as he ask 
“What nonsense are you thinking?” Bella narrowed her beauti Was she being too nice to this man? 
“Well, I don’t want to be imprisoned here. Even more, I don’t wan go a day without seeing you.” Justin 
stared at her with rebellious, childlike eyes that still carried deep affection for her. 
Bella had never seen this childish side of Justin before. For a moment, she was taken aback, forgetting 
to continue arguing with
###chapter541
There was nothing Bella could do. 
She found herself in a room full of outstanding men, and now even her brother, who was a colonel, had 
appeared. There was no room for escape! 
“Bella, you weren’t mistreated, right?” Declan held onto Bella’s shoulders, checking her body 
repeatedly. 
“I’m okay. Let’s go, Dec.” Bella hesitated to let Declan stay any longer in front of Justin. 
She feared things might take an unexpected turn. As she was just about to pull him away, Declan 
spoke coldly, “Asher, Steve, you two go ahead and take Bella away. I’ll join you in a while.” 
“Declan!” Bella frowned. Her tense call was filled with complex emotions. 
“Let’s go, Bella.” Asher put his arm around Bella’s shoulder, casting a meaningful glance at Justin. 
He whispered in her ear, “You know that Declan is the most. emotionally stable and gentle one. Don’t 
worry, he handles things. with discretion.” 
Bella let out a sigh, thinking that there probably wouldn’t be any trouble in the hospital. So she and 
Asher decided to head out first. 
Justin’s intense gaze stayed on Bella until the door closed, and he lost sight of her. 
He suddenly remembered that she hadn’t had breakfast yet. 
He quickly walked over to the coffee table and was about to pick up the food box when an equally firm 
and strong hand held the box down.
Justin raised his eyes coldly, meeting Declan’s icy gaze. The tension in the air was strong. It felt as if 
the room could explode at any moment. 
“She hasn’t eaten breakfast yet, so I’ll bring these to her,” Justin said, his expression turning cold. 
“No need. I’m worried my sister might fall ill if she eats something given by a jerk.” 
Declan’s brows furrowed with anger, and he smirked coldly. “You’ve caused Bella so much suffering. 
Now you are trying to win her back 
with cheap tricks and a few sweet gestures. Do you think that she will change her mind and willingly 
step back into the demonic abyss of your Salvador family? Do you think my sister is some stray animal 
that you can entice with a little sweetness? You’re overestimating yourself.” 
“In the past, it was all my fault. From now on, I will do my best to treat Bella well.” Justin’s gaze was 
intense as he tried to take the food box. 
Justin remembered that Bella had a sensitive stomach. That time, outside the charity auction, she was 
lying on the sofa with stomach cramps, looking pitiful. Now, thinking about it, he still felt a bit sorry for 
her 
“Hmph, I’d rather believe in ghosts than trust the words of a scumbag like you, Justin!” 
With these words, Declan widened his eyes. He raised his hand suddenly, knocking over the food box. 
Without waiting for Justin to react, he quickly reached out and swung the other food box to the ground. 
The exquisite breakfast shattered across the floor. Justin felt his pupils tremble, and his heart ached as 
if it were being torn apart. 
“Stay away from my sister. I’m warning you for the last time!” Declan’s gaze was icy and threatening. 
He pointed at Justin’s pale face. “Otherwise, you’ll end up like this mess on the floor!”
“I won’t let her go.” 
Justin closed his eyes, took a deep breath, and opened them again. His eyes, now red and sharp as 
blades, declared, “I’ve made up my mind about Bella. I like her, and I want to be with her. I don’t care if 
I’m condemned and spat upon by thousands. Even if every person in the 
Thompson family tries to stop me, it won’t deter my determination to have her.” 
This enraged Declan. His teeth clenched audibly. 
However, he then burst into laughter, full of disdain. “Do you think it’s the Thompson family members 
who are trying to stop you? Back then, we also tried to prevent Bella from being with you, but didn’t she 
still marry you without any hesitation? Let me tell you, even if we do nothing, Bella won’t turn back. 
You’ve long exhausted the love she had for you. You no longer have a place in her heart! Don’t think 
that she has lingering feelings for you just because she came to take care of you last night. Bella has 
always been like her father. She’s heroic and values love and righteousness if it were anyone else who 
saved. her life, she wouldn’t ignore it. Stop showing off here like a peacock and deluding yourself.” 
Justin’s heart spasmed uncontrollably as he tightly clenched his fists. 
His feelings for Bella were unwavering, regardless of what anyone said. 
The obstacles he has undergone these days have finally made him realize that he deeply likes Bella. 
He regretted not awakening to this realization sooner. 
He was truly afraid that what Declan said might be true and that Bella’s heart truly no longer had a 
place for him. 
Declan ignored him and walked briskly toward the door.
Suddenly, he halted, and with an icy tone, he threw out a parting remark through gritted teeth. 
“I heard from Bella that you also come from a military background. Hmph! People like you truly 
disgrace the reputation of us soldiers!”
###chapter542
In the corridor, lan stood by the ward’s entrance. 
He observed the well-organized rows of security guards. The disciplined posture, expressions, and 
formidable aura they exuded sent shivers down his spine. 
The door swung open, and the distinct sound of military boots echoed across the floor. 
Declan adjusted his military cap and walked out expressionlessly. 
After years of military service, he was able to maintain a stoic demeanor even in the presence of 
strangers. 
“Attention!” The security guards immediately stood at attention and saluted. 
“Let’s go.” Declan walked past lan with a casual command, and the security guards followed suit. 
The corridor returned to its quiet state. Ian stared blankly at Declan’s. remarkable and handsome 
figure. 
Even a man like him was captivated by Declan’s robust, masculine, and alluring charm, which was 
devoid of any trace of nobility or arrogance. He could clearly feel the difference between the 
individuals. 
In his dazed state, Justin emerged with heavy strides, his eyes dark. and contemplative. 
“Mr. Salvador, Mr. Salvador! You shouldn’t push yourself. Given your current physical condition, it’s 
absolutely not advisable to hospital early.” lan hurriedly ran over to assist Justin. 
However, Justin firmly pushed him away.
“No, I have to leave!” Justin insisted. “If I don’t go back to the headquarters soon, Gregory and 
Shannon will grow suspicious. They will come up with an excuse to challenge my authority. It’s 
important. to keep my hospitalization and injury a secret.” 
Justin’s suppressed rage erupted following the heated argument with 
Declan, causing him to cough violently. 
lan was startled and alarmed by the sound that echoed in his chest. 
Tears welled up in his eyes out of distress.. 
“Mr. Salvador, regardless of what organization or position you hold, what matters most is your health!” 
“Don’t worry, I’m not going to die. Over the years, I’ve been throught many trials and tribulations, as 
well as countless injuries. Haven’t I survived them all?” Justin straightened his back and took a deep 
breath. 
His eyes turned crimson as he remembered the harsh words Declan said about him disgracing the 
military. 
Life is truly unfair. 
That evening, Bella hosted a luxurious gathering at the KS World Hotel. 
It was loaded with fine wine and food to celebrate the reunion with her third brother, Declan. 
Axel, Ralph, and Amelia, who were working and studying in Savrow, eagerly joined the gathering. 
The siblings cherished their time together, creating a lively and joyful atmosphere. 
Unfortunately, they had to bid Declan farewell just as they were toasting him.
Everyone looked at Declan with a frown on their faces. Bella’s eyes turned red as she struggled to 
contain her emotions, and she resorted to drinking to cope. 
Despite the genuine joy of being with her brothers, Bella couldn’t shake off the heaviness in her heart. 
When she thought about the troubles with Justin, she felt a complete mix of happiness and an 
indescribable sense of melancholy. 
Questions lingered in her mind. ‘Why does Justin have feelings for me? Was it because of the bond we 
formed on the dangerous Mount 
Jaglee? Was it due to a strange sense of guilt after discovering I was the little girl he saved thirteen 
years ago?’ 
Perhaps Justin was naturally a fickle romantic. Once in love with 
Rosalind Gold, he was now smitten with the stunning Bella. Thompson. 
Bella casually tugged at the corner of her lips, letting out a soft, scornful chuckle. 
It turned out that the emotional scars left by Rosalind were not too deep after all. 
Bella, the stunning woman who gave an old tale a new spin, had swiftly helped Justin move on. 
She thought, ‘What a shameless man!’ 
“Bella!” Axel exclaimed. “I heard you went back to work as a forest ranger on that mountain and almost 
fell off the cliff while saving someone!” 
Axel learned about Bella’s latest heroic act from Asher and embraced her with lingering fear, refusing to 
let go.
“You reckless girl! Do you want to scare your brothers to death? If anything happens to you, I’ll just 
follow you!”
###chapter543
“Ax! Loosen your grip a bit! You’re going to choke Bella to death!”
Declan noticed Bella’s extended tongue and widened eyes. He immediately stepped forward to pry Axel’s arm away from Bella.
“It’s quite the spectacle. I’ve heard of people dying because of love, but I have never heard of people dying because of their brother. This is an eye-opener,” Ralph teased Axel while stuffing a mouthful of roasted duck into his mouth.
“Pfft!” Amelia couldn’t help but laugh, covering her cherry-like mouth.
Amelia was always quiet and reserved in front of her brothers. However, she almost spat out the drink in her mouth when she heard Ralph’s remark.
Afraid that Amelia might choke, Asher patted her back while he lightly added, “Axel, Bella survived a great calamity. Can you stop talking about death and unfortunate events? You’re scaring people, and it’s a bit ominous.”
Axel apologized, “Sorry, I’m just speaking my mind without thinking.”
Although Declan had freed Bella from Axel’s arm, he still held on to her hand, unwilling to give up.
This was supposed to be a harmonious gathering of siblings, but it slowly turned into a fight for Bella’s attention.
“Speaking of which, Bella, you courageously saved someone at the risk of your life. Did that person give you a letter of commendation afterward?” Ralph inquired with genuine curiosity.
“I passed out immediately after saving her, so I have no idea what happened afterward.” Bella shrugged casually, enjoying the peeled shrimp that Declan handed her one by one.
“They delivered a letter of commendation.” Having finished his meal, Asher calmly wiped his lips with a napkin.
Everyone was stunned.
“What?” Bella asked with a half-eaten shrimp in her mouth.
Asher explained, “After the incident, I left my contact information with Xavier of the Forest Park Rangers. He contacted me recently and said the female hiker you saved went to the park two days ago. She was in a wheelchair, and she came with her family. They brought a letter of commendation for you and wanted to thank you in person. Because they didn’t know your name, they could only refer to you as the ‘kind-hearted lady’.”
Bella asked, flabbergasted, “Did you contact Xavier personally? Does that mean…?”
“Yes, both Xavier and the person you’ve always respected, Frank, know your true identity.”
Asher looked at Bella with a touch of resentment. “Both of them weren’t too surprised to learn that you’re the heiress of the Thompson family. They advised me, as your older brother, to take good care of you. They mentioned that the money you have donated to Mount Jaglee National Forest Park over the years is more than enough. Frank has already put it into the maintenance fund, and they can’t spend it all. There’s no need to donate more. They understand your goodwill. In the end, they hope that you’ll take care of yourself in the future and not volunteer anymore.”
“Ash, you’re really…” Bella put down the shrimp in her hand and pouted.
Asher sighed, his warm eyes showing a hint of helplessness. “Bella, you being the heiress of the KS Group is not a secret, and we don’t want it to be. After all, you’re our precious little sister and the apple of Dad’s eye. Some people already know your identity. But if you plan to handle the Thompson family business and take over my position in the future, standing in front of more people is inevitable. You should start changing your mindset about this.”
“Huh? Ash, that doesn’t sound right.”
Bella’s eyes gleamed with excitement as she looked at Asher with a twinkle in her eyes. “Ash, judging from your tone, does it mean I’ve passed Wyatt’s test? Does that mean I can leave the grassroots and join the inner ranks of the group?”
The thought of a promotion reignited her enthusiasm.
Happy feelings took the place of the mental strain brought on by a certain bothersome man.
After all, she had already experienced wealth and marriage. It was time to focus on her career.
Asher teased her with a gentle smile. “I know you’re eager, but don’t be in a hurry. Dad’s been quite busy lately. Once he’s done with this phase, he’ll inform you of the results of your assessment.”
While stuffing his face with roasted duck, Ralph could not help but make a comment. “Hm, Dad is being a bit too serious about this. It’s our family business, after all. Letting Bella join KS Group is as easy as letting out a fart for him!”
Asher, Bella, and Amelia were rendered speechless.
Axel cleared his throat. “Ralph, you mean all it takes is a word from Wyatt, right?”
“Huh? Yeah!” Ralph squinted his bright eyes, smiling without reservation.
###chapter544
“In that case, let me raise a toast to my sister first!” Amelia said, lifting the wine glass with both hands. 
Her cheeks blushed as she stood up shyly. With sincere and genuine eyes, she said, “I wish my sister 
a quick promotion. May all her desires be fulfilled, and may she have smooth sailing in everything. she 
does!” 
“Oh, such sweet words! I love it! Let me give you a kiss!” Bella cheerfully emptied her glass and blew a 
flying kiss to Amelia. 
Amelia shyly lowered her eyes, her cheeks blushing even deeper. 
“Come on, let’s all raise a toast to Bella! Cheers to Bella’s dreams coming true! Cheers!” 
The Thompson brothers raised their glasses. 
Everyone was joyously tipsy, their hearts full of warmth. Listening to the crisp sound of glasses clinking 
and seeing the sincere gazes around her, Bella’s heart was moved, and tears welled up in her eyes. 
The dinner concluded in a warm and heartfelt atmosphere. 
Bella and Declan embraced each other. Although they were cheerful during the meal, their parting was 
filled with reluctance. The sibling’s eyes were full of tears. 
In reality, the military unit where Declan served was stationed in 
Dawnford, not too far away. 
However, due to Declan’s high-ranking position, he often went on business trips. Sometimes, his trips 
lasted for several months, resulting in infrequent family reunions.
“Declan, Aunt Celeste’s birthday is coming up. Will you be able to make it back?” Bella reached out to 
touch Declan’s shoulder, then adjusted the military cap on his head. 
“I’m sorry, Bella.” Declan sighed with guilt, pinching her cheek before. turning to Amelia. “I’m sorry, 
Amelia. Please apologize to Aunt. Celeste on my behalf.” 
“It’s okay, Declan! We understand you’re very busy with official matters.” Amelia hurriedly waved her 
hands, hesitant to accept the apology. 
“But I’ve already prepared a birthday gift for Aunt Celeste. Bella, please give it to her on my behalf 
when the time comes.” 
“Alright.” 
In the underground parking lot of the hotel, the specially arranged bulletproof vehicle had been waiting 
for Colonel Declan. 
The adjutant respectfully opened the car door. After bidding farewell to his family, Declan got into the 
car, 
He lowered the car window and looked at Bella with concern, reminding her, “Don’t mingle with that 
Salvador guy anymore. Let him. deal with his own problems. Got it?” 
“Got it! Bye, Dec!” Bella said as she waved at him with a sweet smile. 
There was a playful sparkle in her bright eyes, and her red lips wer moist and alluring. 
The act of innocence in front of Declan made Bella seem even gentler than Amelia. 
After bidding farewell to Declan, Axel and Ralph were also about to return to work.
Bella had consumed quite a bit of alcohol and needed more rest due. to her condition, so she asked 
Asher to take her home. 
“Ms. Bella, allow me to escort you.” Steven offered almost without. hesitation. Taking care of Bella had 
become ingrained in his muscle memory. 
“If you’re leaving, who will take care of Amelia? She has had quite a bit to drink too!” Bella approached 
and embraced Amelia’s soft waist, 
With the added strength from the alcohol, she casually pushed the tipsy Amelia into Steven’s arms. 
Amelia was already feeling a little dizzy. When Bella pushed her, she almost lost her balance. 
Luckily, Steven’s sharp eyes caught it, and he was quick to react. He caught Amelia and held her close 
to his chest. 
Amelia, in a daze, looked up, and at the same time, Steven lowered his gaze. 
Their eyes met. 
At that moment, both their hearts inexplicably skipped a beat, and their breaths became rapid and 
irregular.
###chapter545
Amelia was already a little tipsy, but Steven’s unexpected embrace made her sober in an instant. 
Her peach-like face, ears, and slender neck were all adorned with a rosy blush. 
“Ms. Amelia, please be careful.” 
Steven assumed she was heavily intoxicated because she could not stand up straight. 
Genuine concern filled his eyes as he wrapped his arms around her soft and supple waist, holding her 
even closer. 
His throat suddenly felt dry, and his heart skipped a beat. Amelia’s slender waist felt weightless in his 
grasp. The softness captivated him for a brief moment, and a sigh escaped his heart. 
However, he was a gentleman with integrity-far from someone with impure intentions. 
Steven quickly regained his composure, leaving no trace of his inner thoughts on his handsome face. 
“Steve, you’ll be responsible for taking my sister home tonight!” Bella was usually attentive, but she 
really let her guard down in the presence of those close to her. So, she seemed to be unaware of the 
subtle connection between the two. 
Bella waved casually before leaving, linking arms with Asher. 
With only the two of them left, the atmosphere became some hot awkward, leaving Amelia and Steven 
uneasy. 
“Uh… Bella! Bella!” Amelia weakly called out twice, her face turning red and her heart pounding.
“Don’t worry, Ms. Amelia,” Steven reassured her, his eyes gentle and his tone solemn. “I promised Ms. 
Bella that I would make sure you got back to school safely.” 
“No, Mr. Lovett, it’s not necessary. I only had a little wine, and I’m not drunk.” Amelia pressed her rosy 
lips together, lowered her eyes, and pushed him away gently. She was determined to show that she 
was not drunk. 
On the other hand, Steven was deeply concerned about her. Hel embraced her once more and said, 
“You insist that you’re not drunk. 
But last time you said the same thing, and yet…” 
As the words trailed off, both of them were startled. What suddenly. unfolded before their minds was 
the passionate kiss shared that night, tinged with love. 
Steven was staring at Amelia absentmindedly, resembling a porcelain. doll with rosy cheeks. His heart 
was in disarray, and a vague, subtle sensation quietly surged within his chest. 
“Mr. Lovett… Last time, I had too much to drink. I’m sorry!” 
Amelia appeared helpless. Her eyes were filled with remorse and turned red. 
If she were a bolder girl, she might have taken this opportunity to confess to Steven. 
However, Amelia lacked confidence and was shy, just like her mot 
Celeste. She could only keep this love hidden deep within her he 
Despite the fact that Steven was a kind and gentle man and that they had actually shared a kiss, 
Steven belonged to Bella. Amelia did not want to get involved with her sister’s man.
“Ms. Amelia…” Steven’s voice was hoarse, and his Adam’s apple rolled as he asked, “Was that… Your 
first kiss?” 
“It’s okay, Mr. Lovett. I drank too much. You don’t have to overthink it.” Amelia responded with a forced 
smile. 
“Was it really your first time?” 
The immense guilt tugged at the core of his heart like a sharp pair of tweezers. He took a step back, 
bowing deeply to Amelia. “I’m sorry, 
Ms. Amelia! It’s my fault! Please tell me, how can I make it up to you?” 
Amelia’s throbbing heart suddenly seemed to freeze. As she watched the person she liked express 
only guilt and respect for her, bitterness flooded her entire body. 
“Mr. Lovett, it’s okay. It really is.” 
Amelia forced back the tears that were starting to well up in her eyes and took a deep breath. 
She reached out to help him up. “If you truly want to me
###chapter546
On the way back, Bella rested her head on Asher’s shoulder, feeling sleepy. In reality, she was curious 
about what Declan had said to Justin. 
She decided against it after some consideration. Whatever was said. was most likely not pleasant. 
Declan may seem gentle, but his words could be even sharper and more brutal than hers. She didn’t 
want to hear what he said about Justin. 
It was not out of pity for that jerk. Rather, it would be extremely disheartening to witness the person she 
once loved with all her heart. getting belittled by the person closest to her. 
“Are you asleep, Bella?” Asher suddenly asked in a gentle voice. 
“No, Ash. Do you want to talk about something?” Bella blinked in surprise. 
“Bella, have you noticed that Steven and Amelia are a little strange lately?” Asher asked with a faint 
smile. “I might be mistaken, but I always get the impression that there is a subtle tension between 
them.” 
“What do you mean by ‘a subtle tension”?” 
Bella’s jaw almost dropped as she stared at her brother, her eyes wide. and watery. “Have you had too 
much to drink, Ash? Are you joking?” 
“I never make jokes about romantic relationships. Didn’t you notice that their faces turned red and their 
expressions turned strange wher
Steve supported Amelia? Especially Amelia, the way she looked Steve… How should I put it? It is 
exactly like how you used to look at Justin.” 
Bella’s fair eyelids drooped as she was rendered speechless. “Ash, why are you dragging me into this 
with Amelia?” 
Although Bella was complaining, in her heart, she was secretly thinking about Steven and Amelia’s 
relationship. When did this happen? How did she not notice anything? 
“Steven is not young anymore. He’s already thirty years old. Since graduating from university, he has 
been working diligently as my secretary.” Asher continued, “Since I assigned him to assist you, he 
hasn’t uttered a single complaint. Year after year, he has worked tirelessly, rarely taking proper breaks.” 
Asher put his arms around Bella’s shoulders, his tone sincere and earnest. “Bella, if he wishes to 
pursue a romantic relationship and experience a different life, I hope you can support Steve.” 
“Wow! Steve is actually playing games behind my back! They say he looks like a cute puppy, but how 
come his character doesn’t match his appearance, huh?” Bella fiercely punched the car window with a 
delicate fist, gritting her teeth. “Men are all the same! He falls in love with Amelia right after confessing 
his deep feelings to me. I only have. one younger sister! If he has any inappropriate thoughts about 
Amelia, I swear, I will exile him to an African safari as a snack for the lions 
“Did Steve confess to you?” Asher raised an intrigued eyebrow, slightly surprised. 
“Yeah, but I rejected him.” Bella had always been unapologetic in front of her eldest brother and openly 
expressed her emotions. “It’s not that he’s not good enough. It’s just that I don’t have any romantic 
feelings for him. Besides, I’ve been through a divorce and have no intentions to date again. I’d rather 
not waste his time.”
Bella added, “But how could he suddenly develop an interest in Amelia? The seamless transition 
worries me a lot.” 
“Steve is not that kind of person, Bella. As for your concerns about the seamless transition, maybe 
Steve has been around you for too long. You were both his first and unrequited love.” 
“He has grown accustomed to treating you with care and kindness, so it’s possible that he 
unconsciously developed feelings for Amelia. 
He might not even be aware of it himself,” Asher earnestly shared his thoughts. 
“What? How is it possible not to know if you’ve fallen for someone?” 
Bella frowned, her expression carrying a hint of skepticism. 
“Emotions are the most intricate, tangled, and complex thing in this world,” Asher said, his deep eyes 
narrowing thoughtfully. “For example, thirteen years later, Justin once again saved your life. When. you 
face him now, can you truly distinguish between love and hatred? 
Can you guarantee that your feelings toward him are purely resentment and hatred, without a trace of 
love?” 
Bella felt a stab in her chest, her breath becoming heavier. 
She recalled the eventful and dangerous night. Justin carried her over a long distance in the pouring 
rain despite his heavy injuries. 
To keep her warm in the dark and damp cave, he took off almost all his clothes to keep her warm. The 
memories made her feel warm insade
###chapter547
It felt as if someone poured scalding water onto her chest. Her cold, numb fingers clenched 
uncomfortably into a tiny ball. 
Bella thought, ‘Why? Why was Justin so kind to Bella but so incredibly cruel to the former Anna 
Brown?” 
“You know me well, Ash. I have always been someone who despises evil and values good, with clear 
lines between love and hatred. Perhaps what you said is correct. Emotions can be complex and difficult 
to define. But that is not how I am. I know exactly what I want. What about you?” 
Bella gazed out the window quietly, her voice slightly choked and her eyes reddening. “No matter how 
complicated my feelings for Justin have become, there is no love left in it. I risked my life for a man, 
wasted my entire youth loving someone, and endured the pain of not receiving any reciprocation. Doing 
it once in this lifetime is enought for me.” 
Steven drove Amelia back to school. They were both lost in their own thoughts, remaining silent 
throughout the journey. 
As the night grew darker, the back gate of the school became eerily quiet, and the Porsche came to a 
slow stop. 
There was a surprising, unspoken understanding. 
They sat side by side in the car, with no one making the move to get out. 
The moon hung in the sky, casting a soft and gentle glow inside the car. The calm, subdued 
atmosphere created a romantic mood.
“Thank you for sending me back, Mr. Lovett.” Amelia shyly broke the silence. 
“Ms. Amelia, please don’t be so polite. Just call me Steven or Steve.” 
Steven felt deeply guilty toward Amelia. 
Due to their different statuses, he added a bit more distance to his words. “Even though I have watched 
you and Ms. Bella grow up, I am. ultimately Ms. Bella’s secretary, a subordinate working for the 
Thompson family. Mr. Asher and the others are your brothers. I am really not worthy of you.” 
Amelia was usually perceptive and sensitive. She sensed Steven’s desire to keep some distance from 
her. 
For a brief moment, her heart ached, and she looked ahead with eyes. that seemed to hold the dew of 
early morning, moist and watery. 
“Steven, I… I will not cause you any more trouble in the future. Please don’t hate me, okay?” Amelia 
stammered. 
“You are exaggerating, Ms. Amelia. You have never caused me any trouble. It is me who does not want 
to have any impact on your life,” Steven sighed softly. 
He leaned in slowly and assisted her in unbuckling the seatbelt. Their warm breaths filled the car, and 
the temperature inside gradually increased. 
Steven avoided looking into her eyes. He kept his eyelids lowered and quickly straightened up. “It’s 
quite late. Let me walk you in.” 
With that, he opened the door and stepped out of the car.
Amelia recalled his words and felt like a dark hole had been hollowed out in her chest. She was filled 
with a chilly sense of loss. 
She knew they could not be together and that the kiss was an accident. How could an ordinary girl like 
her pique the interest of such. a remarkable man as Steven? She must have been delusional. 
The passenger door opened. Steven resumed his usual respectful demeanor, inviting Amelia out of the 
car. 
Amelia tightly pressed her pale lips together and stepped out of the car. 
“I can go in by myself. You don’t have to accompany me.” 
Before she could finish her sentence, a roaring engine erupted from behind Amelia, frightening her. 
She instinctively covered her ears and closed her eyes. She had developed a severe aversion to the 
sound of fast-moving cars as a result of a near-accident when she was a child. 
Steven’s face darkened when he saw her reaction. He opened his. arms and embraced Amelia with 
lightning speed, quickly turning to shield her. 
A silver top-of-the-line Ferrari Laferrari zoomed past them. The car generated a gust of wind that lifted 
Steven’s suit, showing how fast it was going. 
“It’s okay now. Don’t be afraid. I’m here.” Steven gently consoled her. 
He gave a gentle pat to the shivering Amelia. His eyes showed a mixture of deep dissatisfaction toward 
the owner of the speeding car and concern for Amelia. 
The Ferrari came to a halt outside the school’s back gate.
The passenger door opened, revealing a pair of seductive, tantalizingly long legs. 
A woman with wavy ash-brown hair emerged from the car in a sexy short skirt, with exquisite and 
vibrant makeup.
###chapter548
As soon as Amelia saw this woman, her pupils narrowed, and she began to tremble even more 
obviously in Steven’s arms. Her back was covered in a cold sweat. 
The woman was called Mandy. She and Amelia were in the same department and school, but they had 
never gotten along. In fact, Amelia has been the target of her bullying. Amelia had been bullied, 
humiliated, and mistreated by Mandy on several occasions. 
Steven recalled hearing Ms. Bella mention that Ms. Amelia was scared of fast-moving cars and had 
trouble crossing the street. 
Back then, when Wyatt married Celeste, he had a large family, and most of his children were young. 
Envious of the Thompson family’s power but unable to touch Wyatt, some rivals turned their malice on 
his children. 
At the time, they believed that Celeste was the least favored wife. Thus, her child, Amelia, must be the 
least favored too. 
They intended to make the man who stole their business suffer to the brink of despair. 
Thus, they sent someone to murder Amelia, who was just seven years old at the time. 
In the end, Amelia escaped with minor injuries, and Wyatt exacted revenge, destroying the rival family. 
Despite the fortunate outcome, the incident left a lingering shadow on Amelia’s young heart. 
Steven felt his breath becoming suffocated at this point in his thoughts. A surge of anger rose within 
him.
“Ms. Amelia! Are you okay?” 
“I’m fine, absolutely fine.” Amelia forced a smile, pretending to be calm. Her pale face and cold sweat 
on her forehead, however, revealed her fear. 
At that moment, the seductive woman named Mandy cast a glance in their direction. She rolled her 
eyes at them and could not help but feel irritated and jealous when she saw Amelia being embraced by 
such a handsome man. 
But when she saw that Steven only had a Porsche worth around $1 million, her expression became 
tinged with disdain and contempt. 
“Pft, what a poor bitch!” 
Although her voice was not loud, Steven and Amelia both heard her. 
Steven was so enraged that his eyes turned bright red for a brief moment. “Ms. Amelia, please wait for 
me. I’ll be right back.” 
“Steven… Steven!” Amelia panicked, but it was too late. Steven had already approached the woman 
with a stern expression. 
“Who were you talking about earlier?” 
“Did I say something? Perhaps you misheard me “Mandy’s tone softened but remained arogant as she 
looked at the handsome man in front of her 
Steven clenched his fist and gritted his teeth. He knew she was insulting Amelia, but she refused to 
acknowledge it, and he could no hit a woman. It was extremely frustrating.
“Thank you for driving me home, Mr. Iverson. I will be waiting for your the next time you invite me out.” 
With a fake sweetness in her voice, 
Mandy blew a kiss toward the closed car window. Mr. Iverson? 
Steven furrowed his brows. There was no movement visible through the dark window, and the engine 
was roaring at that moment, almost like it was shouting. 
Fueled by his anger for Amelia, Steven knocked on the car window. 
“Your car almost hit my sister just now. Do you plan to just leave like this?” 
Amelia’s heart tightened, and she bit her lower lip in concern. She did not want Steven to stand up for 
her, and she certainly did not want to get into a fight with Mandy. 
However, there was no response seen from the car window. 
“Hey! What is wrong with you? The road’s very wide. We were driving normally. When did Mr. Iverson’s 
car hit yours?” Mandy mocked him with a cold smile as she crossed her arms. 
She continued, “Hmph, are you trying to pull a scam? You seem like a decent young man. How can 
you do something so heinous?” 
Steven’s brow furrowed, and he was about to speak when the car window rolled down halfway.
###chapter549
Splat! 
A stack of cash was thrown out of the car, hitting Steven like a pile of waste paper. 
Steven felt a wave of humiliation wash over him. 
“You!” Steven glared at the person inside the Ferrari, but in the next was don instant, the car racing into 
the night. 
Amelia’s brow furrowed, and her body trembled with rage as she witnessed his humiliation. 
“That’s a reward from Mr. Iverson. Just accept it,” Mandy said. 
Mandy dropped her act after seeing Mr. Iverson leave. Despite Amelia being around, she leaned in 
toward Steven, reaching out to touch the hem of his clothes. “Young man, you look dashing and 
sophisticated. Why would you associate yourself with such a woman with a bad reputation and low 
status? You’re just lowering your standards. How about…” 
Unexpectedly, at this moment, Steven’s expression darkened, and he abruptly stepped back. 
Mandy, who had been leaning toward him, missed and embarrassingly fell. Wearing sky high heels, 
she lost her balance and fell onto her knees with a thud. 
Amelia couldn’t help but cover her mouth, almost bursting into laughter. 
Mandy grated out, “It hurts so much. Damn it!” 
She wens wearing a short skirt that revealed her thighs in the weather. She thought her kneecaps were 
going to break when in this manner. She could barely stand because of the excruciath pain sie wes sin.
Thus, she tearaufivly sought help from Steven and said, “Can you help. me up? I can’t stand up. It 
hurts so much.” 
“Can’t stand up Releh, thought you were about to apologize to my sister when you kneels d down,” 
Steven smirked, showing a proud and mocking smile. it doesn’t matter. I’ll consider it your way of 
apologizing to my sisist.” 
Mandy was enraged and duursed in her heart. How dare he speak to her in this manner? Evereanalelio 
dared to mock her! She’s dead meat! 
“Let’s go.” Steven returned to armella siside. 
He wrapped his arm around hers shoulders and walked toward the school gate. As they walked 
away,vie could not help but blurt out,” The world is a treacherous place, andioerpole’s hearts are 
unpredictable. Even at school, youurajncotcompletely safe. Keep your Gistance from cheap, haughty, 
and didywomen. It’s for your own oood” 
“Okay, got it “Amelia gazed admiringly at Brevevender eyes twinkling brightly 
Tais time, Steven also stood up for hep onight, she would be so happy that she couldn’t slepp 
Steven was worried about Amelia. So, he walked her to the dormitory. building before heading back. 
Amelia pressed her hands against the glass door, watching Steven’s upright figure leave. 
They looked like a couple parting ways after a date. 
Her delicate cheeks were flushed, and she looked at him with reluctance in her eyes. ‘Steven, when am 
I going to see you again?” 
Amelia only sighed wistfully when he was completely out of sight, her heart heavy with reluctance.
She turned around and strolled back toward the dorm. 
“Amelia! You shameless, wretched bitch!” 
Amelia’s heart pounded when she heard Mandy hurling vile curses at her from behind. 
At first, she was a little afraid.
###chapter550

During her four years studying at the Savrow Film Academy, Amelia has been harassed by Mandy and her posse.
A naturally soft-hearted person, Amelia thought it was better to graduate peacefully. Thus, she silently endured it all and let bygones be bygones.
But when she recalled how Mr. Iverson humiliated Steven, or Mandy's improper intentions toward the man she liked, all her fears disappeared in an instant.
Instead, there was only anger on the verge of bursting out of her chest!
Amelia's eyes turned cold as she paid no attention to Mandy, who was walking straight ahead.
"You bitch! Amelia, you better stop right there!" Mandy saw that she kept walking forward and could only call her name directly.
Amelia halted her steps and turned around slowly.
Seeing Mandy panting and hobbling toward her with bloodied and swollen knees, Amelia couldn't help but curl her lips, a hint of a smile still lingering.
"Who are you calling a bitch?"
"You've got some nerve to ask that! Of course, it's you!" Mandy couldn't care less about the pain. Her priority was to settle the score with Amelia and vent her grievances!
"Oh, I thought you were introducing yourself." Amelia sarcastically remarked, maintaining her expression.
Mandy was accustomed to a docile, meek Amelia acting docile. She was taken aback when Amelia unexpectedly talked back.
"Also, before you label others as a bitch, take a good look at yourself," Amelia continued resolutely, her words piercing through. "The person you accompanied was Mr. Iverson from the Iverson Group, right? Everyone in Savrow knows that Mr. Iverson is married! His wife is a beautiful young lady from a wealthy family. From your background to your appearance and even your character, how can you compare to Mrs. Iverson? I really don't understand what he sees in you. A sophisticated man like Mr. Iverson shouldn't have such poor taste."
Feeling embarrassed, Mandy shouted back, "You know nothing! I am beautiful, young, and charming. It's only natural for Mr. Iverson to fall in love with me!"
Amelia sneered. "Consider this. If you're used to savoring delicacies, occasionally indulging in junk food can be satisfying. You're just providing temporary, cheap gratification."
"Junk food... Who are you calling junk?!" Mandy's face turned red with anger.
"You still have the nerve to ask? Of course, it's you." Amelia countered directly, echoing
Mandy's own words.
Mandy didn't expect Amelia to be so sharp-tongued. Seeing that she couldn't win against Amelia, she raised her hand and slapped Amelia across the face!
A burning sensation spread through Amelia's entire body, leaving the left cheek immediately swollen.
This wasn't the first time Mandy had slapped Amelia. Mandy would take advantage of rehearsals for semester productions or drama performances to slap her.
Mandy even went as far as bribing her instructors and class monitor to assign Amelia the role of being harassed by men.
It was all to satisfy Mandy's dirty and ugly dark psyche!
"Bitch, don't think I won't dare do anything just because you're hanging out with a rich trust fund baby driving a lousy Porsche!" Mandy revealed a triumphant and malicious smile.
"Do you really believe that handsome guy can support you? He's just talking nonsense! In the entertainment industry, what matters is your capital, background, and backers! As you saw for yourself tonight, my boyfriend is Mr. Iverson. When I enter the entertainment industry, I'll have plenty of resources. If you dare to mess with me, I'll have Mr. Iverson blacklist you, making it impossible for you to survive in Savrow!"
Amelia listened expressionlessly, finding Mandy's threats ridiculous. After all, her family and the Iversons were old acquaintances. Uncle Lance had taken care of her ever since she was young.
"Oh, really? Then I hope you get what you want as soon as possible. Go ahead and try to have me blacklisted. That is, if Mr. Iverson still acknowledges you."
"You!" Mandy seethed with anger.
Amelia's eyes remained calm. Just as she was about to leave, she suddenly stopped and said,
"Oh, by the way, here's something for you."
Before Mandy could react, there was a crisp sound of a resounding slap across her face. Amelia's slap was even more forceful and ruthless than the one she received a moment ago.
"You! How dare you lay your hands on me?" Mandy covered her face in disbelief. She hadn't expected the seemingly timid girl to fight back.
"I'll beat you if I want to. Do I need to choose a specific day?" Amelia raised her chin coldly and arrogantly.
The cold light that flashed in Amelia's beautiful eyes was so noble and sharp that it sent a shiver down Mandy's spine.
"This slap is to tell you that I am not one to be messed with. I didn't retaliate before, not because I couldn't, but because I did not care to!"
Amelia continued, "Also, the handsome guy with the Porsche is the man I love. If you dare to have any ideas about him again, I won't let you go, even if I have to risk my life!"
###chapter551
After Justin was barely given the green light to be discharged, he was busy for the next three days 
tackling the work that had snowballed during his hospitalization. 
In the past few days, his health condition has been like a roller coaster ride. He was surviving on 
supplements and medicine from Bella. Justin clung to lan’s help with the external treatments as he 
prayed for a quick rebound. 
Justin could not protect his loved ones without his health. 
“It’s time for your medicine, Mr. Salvador.” lan placed the medicine and a bottle of water on the tray 
before carrying it to Justin. 
Justin was reviewing some documents at his desk. He responded, ” I’m busy. Later.” 
“Um, if you don’t take your meds on time, I will report your misbehavior to the young madam.” 
lan looked justified. “The young madam contacted me the other day, instructing me to watch you take 
your meds. I am supposed to report back to her if there’s a problem. If the young madam finds out that 
you won’t take your meds like a good boy, she’s not going to be happy with you.” 
Justin put down his pen, grabbed the pills, and swallowed them with a gulp of water right away. 
lan nodded with satisfaction, feeling amused and regretful. 
If Justin had listened three years ago, he could probably have had enough children with the young 
madam to start a little league by now.
Instead, Justin remained single and chose the thorny path of humiliation in his desperate bid to reclaim 
his ex-wife’s affections. Justin was in for a long ride. 
“I told you to keep an eye on Bella. Did you do that?” The bitterness sank in as Justin swallowed the pill 
with a frown. 
He pulled out a drawer and fished a piece of chocolate out. He unwrapped the wrapper and stuffed the 
chocolate piece into his mouth. 
The piece of chocolate was part of the snacks Bella left in the house. Justin dug out the junk food and 
kept it in his office drawer for safekeeping. 
When Justin was feeling down and strained, he would seek solace in the sweet delight. 
That was just sad. 
“I did. I heard that Chairman Thompson’s third wife, Celeste, is having a birthday celebration soon. I 
think the young madam is organizing the party for her at the hotel.” 
“Celeste used to be a celebrity, right?” Justin asked indifferently. 
“Yes, that’s right. Celeste is my mom’s idol. When I was young, her shows were always on TV at home. 
My mom is a huge fan. She even bought the same outfits that Celeste wore in her TV shows. Sigh… 
It’s a shame she left showbiz so soon. My mom was upset for a long time because Celeste no longer 
acted. Celeste was the goddess of many fans at the time,” Ian lamented. The mention of Celeste made 
him an eager beaver. 
“Why did she retire from showbiz out of the blue?” Justin asked.
“Erm, my mom said that Celeste was suspected of taking illegal drugs and was canceled. It was a 
pretty huge deal back then, and 
Celeste was nearly ruined. Chairman Thompson later cleared her name, but the damage was already 
done. Since she lost her fame, she simply retired from the limelight. I’ve got to give it to Chairman 
Thompson. He’s been lucky in the dating scene. He came to the rescue when Celeste needed help the 
most. I guess no woman can resist a knight in shining armor.” 
lan said while glancing at Justin. There was a hint of sarcasm in his undertones. 
As expected, Justin tensed his jawline and was hurt by the remark. 
That was not the end. “If I can be blunt, your former father-in-law has a lot of wives, and yet they are all 
one big family. His wives are committed to him. You can’t even deal with the young madam. Maybe you 
should meet with Chairman Thompson and get some word of advice from him.” 
Justin grimaced and hissed through clenched teeth. “Advice from him? So you want me to ask 
Chairman Thompson about how to nail his daughter? Have you lost it?”
###chapter552
lan shuddered. “Ahem. Um… Mr. Salvador, I was just worried for you. It’s like the slow-mo button has been hit between you and the young madam. Will I ever see you two get back together again? You risked your life to save the young madam, but she remains indifferent to you. She has been calling me like clockwork to get an update on your for the past two days, but she hasn’t checked on you once. I feel sorry for you.” 
Back then, Bella would prepare a feast and stand outside the villa for 
Justin’s return from business trips. 
Her heart used to be his. 
Now, even lan felt smothered by the chilly looks Bella gave Justin. 
Some things, once lost, can never be found again. 
“It’s fine.” 
Moments later, Justin sighed dejectedly and rubbed his clenched 
fists against his lap. “I will not give up on her, regardless of her 
attitude toward me.” 
Following a knock on the door, the secretary’s voice came through.” 
Mr. Ryan Hoffman is here to see you, Mr. Salvador.” 
“Let him in.” 
Humming to a tune, Ryan entered the office with a smile. 
He wore a crisp white suit. The absence of a shirt left his tan and 
toned chest bare to the chilly weather. He adorned a white gold chain. along his collarbone, adding a touch of sultry defiance to his entire 
look. 
Only Ryan would pull off a showy and elegant outfit in the whole of 
Savrow. 
“You look good, bro. I guess Bella’s miracle drug did the trick.” Ryan fell back onto the sofa. He felt at ease to see Justin doing well. 
Since Justin admitted to Ryan about his feelings for Bella, Ryan has stopped seeing Bella as anything more than his best friend’s girl. 
Justin appreciated the thought. 
Still, he looked at Ryan’s indecency in disdain. “You can forget gaining access to Salvador Corporation if you come looking like that again.” 
Ryan asked, “Huh? Why?” 
“This is a place of work, not an escort establishment.” 
Justin put the focus back on his work. “I don’t want people to get the wrong idea that I have some sort of fetish.” 
lan snickered. 
Ryan blinked as it took him a while to get it. He exclaimed, “I’m ast 
straight as a straight guy can ever be.” 
Justin had no words. 
lan had a hard time holding back his laughter. 
“Enough. I don’t have time for your nonsense. What do you need?” 
Justin asked. 
“Check this out. 
Ryan pulled out an invitation card and waved it around in delight. 
“What’s that?” 
“I received an invitation from Ms. Thompson, inviting me to celebrate 
Mrs. Celeste Thompson’s birthday celebration this weekend. 
Woohoo!” 
Enjoy Agr 
Enjoy Ad Free Readings 
###chapter553
The smug look on Ryan’s face was infuriating. 
i 
Justin’s eyes brewed with rage as bitterness consumed him. “So 
what? It’s not strange that you’re invited to the party because of your family standing.” 
“Did you get invited because of your family standing then?” 
“Get to the point or get out.” 
Justin, known to be level-headed, was touchy and not one to kid 
around in matters related to Bella. 
“Tsk. Tsk. Look at you. I was only joking.” 
Ryan knew Justin was pissed that he was not on the guest list. Dropping the subject, he whipped out a crumpled invitation from his back pocket. “Here you go. Your evil stepmother had this delivered to 

“Talk about a coincidence. She’s having a birthday celebration on the same day as Chairman Thompson’s wife. I guess it’s a showdown.” 
“What did you say? Shannon and Celeste are having birthday celebrations on the same day?” Justin furrowed his brows in surprise. 
“Mr. Salvador, if my memory serves me right, Shannon’s birthday is this Thursday and not the weekend. 
lan scratched his head in confusion. “Why can’t she have the party on the date of her birthday? Why must she move her party to the 
weekend? Is she really trying to one-up Celeste?” 
“What’s the feud between Shannon and Celeste?” Justin picked up on 
the core issue, thanks to his keen intuition.. 
“Uh… I’m not too sure myself, but I remember that they were signed to 
the same network years ago. Celeste was a great actress and 
overshined Shannon. Shannon was only good enough to play the 
villain or supporting roles.” 
Justin fell deep into contemplation. “Got it. Keep an eye on Shannon. 
Report back to me if she starts anything.” 
Meanwhile, Shannon was picking out an outfit for her birthday with Bethany in her room in Tideview Manor. 
Fancy gowns were found on the portable clothes rack, sofa, and bed. Despite their hefty price tags, the clothes were piled on top of each 
other like rags. 
“They are tacky! Are these dresses in the limited collection this year? The designers have no talent. No one in their right mind would wear 
these.” 
Displeased with the dresses, Bethany dumped and stomped on them like they were trash. “Mom, you are the wife of Salvador Corporation’s chairman. You were once a famous star in entertainment. Yet, they presented you with these horrible clothes. That’s absurd.” 
Shannon gulped down a mouthful of red wine as rage overtook her. 
Due to Bella’s meddling, Shannon became a disgrace to higher society. Even though she was Gregory Salvador’s wife, international 
luxury brands would not sponsor her jewelry or clothes anymore. 
Shannon wanted to select two evening gowns for her birthday 
celebration, but no designer labels would want to put their dresses on 
her. Even though Shannon offered to pay for the gowns, these brands 
refused to be associated with her. 
“You moved your birthday party to the weekend to show Celeste, 
Mom. It’s time to put her in her place. If you can’t borrow the perfect dress, the plan will backfire, and you’ll be the joke in the community.” Bethany was anxious. 
“Me? A joke? Why would I be a joke?” 
Shannon slammed the wine glass on the table, spilling the wine. “I’m 
the lady of the house. I’m your father’s one and only wife. Who does 
Celeste think she is? She couldn’t beat me then, so she sure as well 
wouldn’t beat me now. Sure, she’s Wyatt Thompson’s third wife, but 
that’s not even legal. She’s a mistress at best. She’s the joke.” 
“You’re right, Mom!” Bethany pandered to Shannon. 
“I can either go big or go home!” 
Shannon got up, determination reflecting in her eyes. “Find a way to 
get in touch with Sharon. Whatever it takes, I need to borrow a dress. designed by Sharon.” 
###chapter554
At the KS World Hotel, Bella reviewed the proposal in her office, 
taking the planning of Celeste’s birthday party more seriously than 
Ada’s wedding. 
Her dedication before was because Ada was an important business 
partner, but her commitment now is to Celeste, who is her family. 
“You have pulled all-nighters for three nights straight, Ms. Bella. Take a break.” Steven served Bella a glass of orange juice, hoping to stop. 
her from taking another cup of coffee. 
www 
“I can’t stop. I have everything sorted for the venue, but I still have a 
lot to do for Aunt Celeste’s dress.” Bella put down the document and 
kneaded between her brows. 
The women around Bella’s age would go on a shopping trip with their 
best friends, travel the world, or be swept head over heels in romance. 
However, Bella spent her days dwelling on paperwork, boring 
numbers, and leading her hotel’s staff to improve sales. 
Bella was tough, but she was only human. She would feel tired too. 
“Organize my ride to Roza’s studio later,” Bella said. 
“Are you still going to make a dress for Celeste?” 
“Yeah. If I work around the clock, I won’t have enough time.” 
Steven sighed as his heart went out to her. 
His phone buzzed. 
Asher sent Steven a text message with a guest list for Celeste’s 
birthday celebration. He told Steven to forward the list to Bella. 
Steven tapped on the attachment and flinched at James Iverson’s 
name. 
He saw red as his mind brought him to when James threw money at 
him, and his woman with excessive makeup insulted Amelia. 
“Is there a problem with the list, Steve? What’s with the expression on 
your face?” Bella caught the strange look on his face. 
“There’s something I should inform you about, Ms. Bella.” 
Steven then let Bella know about the incident when he dropped 
Amelia back at school. 
He left out the part about James’ insulting act. 
Steven wanted to fix the problem for Amelia, but on second thought, 
the woman was James’ lover, so the issue was not as 
straightforward. 
He was only a secretary and was way out of his depth to protect 
Amelia. 
Besides, the woman was a student at the same school as Amelia, so 
that was not her first rodeo. Steven had spread himself too thin as it 
was, and he could not be by Amelia’s side all the time. He needed 
Bella’s help to stick up for Amelia. 
Bella frowned, her eyes narrowing dangerously. 
“She’s just James’ lover, yet she dares to mess with my sister.” 
Livid, Bella pounded the table. “The bitch needs a beating for messing with my sister.” 
Steven chuckled. 
“The bitch thinks she’s all that because she’s with James. That 
doesn’t give her the right to do whatever she pleases.” 
Bella’s eyes flickered with a chilling glint. “Hmph! I bet she will plead with my sister in tears for forgiveness when she finds out that the Thompson family and the KS Group have Amelia’s back. Well, let’s 
see if James will come to her defense then.” 
“Are you planning to deal with the woman?” Steven asked probingly. 
“Ha. She’s not worth my time.” 
Bella picked up the glass and drank the juice with grace. “The 
responsibility falls on James because that’s his woman.” 
“But Ms. Bella, Mr. James doesn’t know his lover is involved in an 
altercation with Ms. Amelia. If he knew-” 
Bella scowled. “I don’t care. I am protective of my people, and there’s 
no talking me out of it. 
“It doesn’t matter to me that he didn’t know.” 
— 
That evening, Bella drove a Bugatti La Voiture Noire to Roza’s work 
studio without Steven. 
###chapter555
“Oh, my, I’m graced by the presence of the great Alexa,” Roza teased as she welcomed her mentor to her studio. 
Roza thought it was badass enough that her mentor was Sharon and Bella Thompson-the daughter of the richest man in Hatchbay. 
Her jaw dropped when she learned about another of her mentor’s 
personas. 
Alexa and Sharon were titans of the fashion and jewelry worlds. 
“Oh, right. Oh, right. I know it’s my fault for keeping it from you. Tell me. How can I make it up to you?” Showing her domineering side, 
Bella wrapped her arm around Roza’s waist. 
“All I want is for you to visit more often.” 
Roza pouted. “Don’t just come here when you need help.” 
“You make me sound like a boyfriend who’s never around.” 
Bella tapped on Roza’s nose and sighed helplessly. “I’ve been busy. 
Once the season’s over, we can take a trip together. How about that? 
All expenses paid.” 
“Yay! You’re the best!” 
Without time to sit down for a cup of tea, Bella made haste into the 
studio with Roza. 
A mannequin stood in the middle of the studio, dressed in a nearly 
completed red and black light chiffon gown. The color scheme is 
sophisticated and stunning-a definition of elegance and refinement. 
The sheer dress looked dreamy under the radiant light. 
Roza drooled over the gown. “Oh, my god. That’s a dress for a queen, 
for sure.” 
“The gown has been sitting here for two weeks. Haven’t you seen 
enough of it?” Bella moved closer and ran her fingers along the soft. fabric. Her eyes sparkled. 
“I can never have enough of it.” 
The admiration and adoration for Bella’s design were written all over 
Roza’s eyes. “This is the finest quality silk. Just securing a yard of 
this treasure is no easy feat. Dyeing the fabric is labor-intensive. A 
single yard of it takes up to a year to die. I’m talking about three 
washes, nine boils, and eighteen dryings! I can’t believe you managed 
to acquire such fine material. Nowadays, you can’t find any silk of the 
same quality as yours. I won’t be surprised to find the fabric selling for a high price in an auction.” 
“This silk is my personal collection. I only want to give my family the 
best.” 
Bella rolled up her sleeves and continued to finish Celeste’s birthday 
dress. 
A black Maybach drove into the compound of Roza’s studio.. 
lan got out of the car to open the door for Justin. 
He exclaimed at the sight of La Voiture Noire parked at the gate. 
“M-Mr. Salvador, the young madam is here.” 
Justin’s dim eyes lit up, and he stepped out of the car. 
Sure enough, it was Bella’s car. 
The Fujiwara Tofu Shop sticker was still on the bumper. 
As his eyes softened, Justin smiled. 
Struck by a thought, he turned around and checked his reflection on 
the tinted car window. He tightened his Windsor knot. 
lan’s mouth dropped seeing how Justin acted nervously like he was 
on his first date. 
Justin was usually confident with his looks. 
To think he would be flustered over a woman like a teenager. 
“How do I look today?” Justin turned around and asked indifferently. 
###chapter556
lan shut his dropped jaw and gave a thumbs up. “G-Good. You look 
good.” 
The man grimaced. “Why do I look good?” 
lan was stunned. It then dawned on him. 
If Justin was in good spirits, it meant that he was on the mend, and 
Bella would feel less guilty and pay less attention to him. 
On the contrary, if Justin looked pale and sickly, Bella would feel bad, 
despite not admitting it. 
Tsk. So that was Justin’s plan. 
lan had to admit that Justin was pretty sneaky. 
Justin and lan were stopped at the door when trying to get into the 
establishment. 
“Ms. Walker is with a guest now. She won’t have time for other guests. 
today.” 
Justin turned stern. “Is Ms. Walker with her mentor now?” 
The assistant was surprised. “How did you know?” 
“I’m here for her.” 
Justin narrowed his eyes with composure. “I’m Ms. Thompson’s husband. Surely, I shouldn’t be stopped from seeing my wife.” 
lan was dumbfounded. 
The first rule of pursuing an ex-wife was to ditch one’s pride and ego. 
The assistant frowned and sized Justin up before uttering coldly, “Do you think I can’t recognize you, Mr. Salvador? If I remember correctly, your fiancé, Ms. Rosalind Gold, reserved a dress from us to announce your wedding on her birthday several months ago. It was huge news.” 
The mention of Rosalind rubbed Justin the wrong way, and he 
frowned. 
“It hasn’t been long, and now you’re telling me that Ms. Walker’s 
mentor is your wife. Do you think we’re dumb?” 
Justin opened his mouth to explain, but a curt voice cut through the 
air. 
“What did you say, Justin? What’s that? Who is your wife?” 
Roza shouted while rushing toward Justin with widened eyes. 
“Your mentor is Bella, the heiress of KS Group. She’s also my wife.” 
Justin paused for a moment before he added “once” to prevent an unnecessary misunderstanding. 
“Jesus Christ…” 
Roza was not taking the news too well. Still, she was in disbelief. Don’t spread lies to ruin my mentor’s fame and reputation. We can 
sue you!” 
“It’s okay if you don’t believe me. You can ask your mentor. She’ll tell 
you.” Justin carried himself with composure. 
“No way. I don’t get it. My mentor isn’t blind and dumb. What could 
she ever possibly see in you?” 
Roza sprung back to stay away from Justin. “Only a shallow woman like Rosalind would be interested in a shameless old man like you.” 
Justin pursed his lips embarrassedly 
That was true. Why did Bella like him? 
Sure, he had saved her life before, but that was thirteen years ago. Bella was only 11 years old at the time. How could she think about 
marrying him at that young age? 
It did not make sense. 
“That’s right. Justin is my ex-husband.” 
The trio looked up in the direction of the voice from the second floor. 
Dressed in a satin blouse paired with black pants, Bella rested her arms on the railing and smiled pretentiously. Despite Justin standing in her line of vision, his presence held no weight in the scale of her 
attention. 
“Pardon me, but everybody makes mistakes.” 
Enjoy Ad Free Readings. 
###chapter557
Justin’s heart raced as he stared at Bella with tenderness like never 
before. 
Her biting words cut through Justin like a knife, and his loving gaze shattered into fleeting bewilderment. 
“M-Master!” 
A wave of emotions overwhelmed Roza. She had a lot to ask Bella but 
had no idea where to begin.. 
“Why are you here, Justin?” Bella asked curtly. 
It upset Justin that Bella could not care less about him, despite their narrow escape from death together. Still, he replied affectionately, “I 
wanted to see you.” 
“Oh, please. Do you even believe the words coming out of your mouth?” Bella sneered, not taking his word for it. 
Justin had no words. 
“Alright. So you’ve seen her. You should leave now.” Roza showed 
him the door. 
The jerk was involved with Rosalind before. Now that Rosalind was a nobody, Justin came crawling back to Bella. Roza could not stand to 
be around the jerk. 
“I won’t leave.” Justin put his foot down. 
Do I have to chase you out with a golf club?” Roza was an ice 
princess in public, but her temper would flare when one of her own. 
was kicked around. 
That was one quality she took from her mentor. 
“Bella.” 
Ignoring Roza, Justin looked fervently at his ex-wife. “I need a moment with you.” 
Bella’s heart skipped a beat as she met the man’s burning gaze in 
disbelief. 
Bella? 
Did Justin just murmur her name softly? 
In their three years of marriage, Justin would often bark her name and sometimes cut to the chase without so much as a greeting. 
lan was stunned, but he was happy for his boss. 
He thought to himself, ‘All hope isn’t lost with you, Boss. You’re getting the hang of it.” 
“Who the hell do you think you are talking to? Show some respect. 
You’re divorced, and my mentor doesn’t have time for you. You 
should respect-” 
“Come up, and we’ll talk,” Bella said indifferently before walking away. 
Justin felt blessed. Despite his efforts to get his act together, he could not hide the joy on his face. He followed her without hesitation. 
lan grinned widely. He loved to see Justin looking goofy when pursuing his ex-wife. 
Unable to stop Justin, Roza took her anger out on lan instead. She looked daggers at him. “Wait outside. Justin and his lap dogs aren’t 
allowed inside.” 
… 
Justin caught up to Bella quickly. 
Bella never once looked back at him. She no longer had eyes for him. 
However, Justin did not let it get to him. 
Today, Bella responded positively to his efforts. Even though the 
change in her attitude was minute, he would cling to it like there was 
no tomorrow. 
They had been married for three years, and he was the one who let 
her go. 
Now, he would court her back. 
When they nearly reached the studio entrance, Bella stopped but did 
not look back. 
“Bella, I-” 
###chapter558
“Why are you saying my name like that?” 
Bella looked at the embarrassed man with a chilling gaze and said. 
peevishly, “Don’t you find it nauseating? I do.” 
“I just don’t want to feel like a stranger to you.” Justin’s heart 
dropped. He had no idea why she was mad again. 
Words of endearment were not his forte. He was a decisive and 
eloquent president on the business front but tongue-tied in the 
presence of his beloved woman. 
“Please don’t use the tone you used with Rosalind on me. It’s an 
insult that you put me on the same level as her.” Bella’s eyes were 
biting. 
Justin pressed his dry lips together and felt his throat itch. 
The hurt he imparted her with had never disappeared. In fact, the cut was as deep as the day they divorced. 
Bella would get hung up on anything that reminded her of the past. 
It never crossed her mind to forgive him. Maybe she commanded herself not to forget the humiliating past. That very reason kept them rooted in place, unable to take the first step toward a new chapter. 
“I didn’t mean to lump you in the same group as her, Bella. I just Justin explained desperately. 
“Enough.” 
Bella opened the door and interrupted him from finishing. “Don’t read 
into it. I told you to come over because I know you well. You will never leave Roza’s workplace until I let you do what you want to. I just don’t 
want to give Roza any problems.” 
Justin stared at Bella’s back dejectedly. 
She only brought Justin to the studio because she was pressed for 
time. Celeste’s birthday was around the corner, and the operation of 
the hotel business took up most of her days. Bella only had time in the evenings to make the dress at Roza’s studio. 
Bella grabbed a hair tie on the table and secured her hair into a bun. 
Justin looked at her tenderly, his fingers twitching. 
He was tempted to run his fingers along her thick, black hair. 
Justin remembered sharing a bed with her when they first got married. Bella was not the type to stay still in her sleep, and her hair would spread to his side of the bed. Not wanting her hair to get caught under him, Justin had once carefully tamed the loose strands 
together. 
The man felt a lump in his throat as his eyes welled up. 
At the time, Bella slept by his side and was within his reach. Now, he had no right to even be close to her. 
“Hey.” 
Bella had a pin between her lips while sewing embellishments onto the gown. “Have you been keeping well?” 
“I’ve been well,” Justin responded with a hoarse voice. 
“I see.” 
Without stopping the task at hand, she looked up at the dazed man. 
Didn’t you say that you wanted a moment with me? What’s on your 
mind?” 
Justin was lost for words. 
“Ha? Cat got your tongue? You better not lie to me about having 
something to say.” 
The man’s breath hitched. He knew that he would be kicked out if he 
did not start talking. “I wanted to ask Ms. Walker about a person.” 
“Who?” 
“Sharon.” 
www 
Bella’s face was emotionless, but her fingers trembled. “Sharon? The internationally renowned fashion designer? Why do you want to ask 
about her?” 
“I need her help to design an outfit,” Justin said earnestly. 
“She’s busy. Just forget it.” With downcast eyes, Bella scoffed to 
herself. 
The bastard wanted Alexa to design a jewelry piece for him, and now he wanted Sharon to design him an outfit. 
Did he seriously think the world revolves around him? 
###chapter559
Justin frowned. “How can you be so sure? Do you know her?” 
“Why do you want her to make you clothes?” Instead of responding to 
his questions, Bella asked about something else. 
“The birthday of someone I respect is coming up. I want Sharon to 
design an outfit for her,” Justin put it vaguely. 
He did not want to let Bella know that the outfit was for Celeste 
because it was a surprise. 
Still, Bella interpreted his words differently. 
She scoffed and mocked, “Oh, I nearly forgot that the great Mrs. Salvador’s birthday is this weekend. You must want to impress your 
father with a gift for your stepmother. How thoughtful.” 
“Bella.” Justin furrowed his brows in frustration. 
Her taunting did not get to him. He simply did not like to be 
misunderstood. 
“When you contact Sharon, don’t tell her that you want the dress for Shannon. Otherwise, she might just lash out at you,” 
Infuriated, Bella turned with her back facing him. “Are you done? Leave now. I’m busy, and you’re a hindrance here. 
“Ah!” 
The needle pierced her finger in a moment of distraction, and she 
cried out loud. 
“What’s wrong? Did you hurt yourself?” 
Justin approached her and held her hand anxiously. 
A drop of blood seeped out of her fingertip. 
Justin grimaced as if he were the one stabbed. “It must hurt.” 
“Let go.” Bella struggled to pull her hand away from his grasp, but the 
effort was futile. 
He teared up at the sight of the splattered blood. 
Justin somehow found the nerve to put Bella’s finger in his mouth. 
“You…” Bella’s heart raced. 
Her cheeks burned as her breathing turned ragged. 
Sensing her tremors, Justin narrowed his eyes. 
As their gaze met, Bella went weak on the knees, and her head was 
spinning. 
The affection in his eyes brought her back to their passionate night together, where she lost herself. 
They did nothing. Yet, it felt like they had done it all. 
Justin’s breathing grew heavy as tension rose in the room. 
“Enough!” 
Flustered, Bella withdrew her hand. 
She pulled back. To her surprise, Justin reached out to hook her by 
the waist and pulled her into his arms. 
“What are you doing, Justin?” Dismay fleeted across her eyes. 
With his heart thumping out of his chest, the man looked into her bright eyes. Their bodies were so close that they could feel each other’s heartbeat and body temperature. 
“I want to kiss you, Bella.” He was honest about his yearning. 
As her heart skipped a beat, Bella gritted her teeth. “Dream-” 
He sealed her lips, taking her breath away from finishing the sentence. 
###chapter560
The sunset hues spilled through the window, embracing their entwined shadows in a faint and elusive 
glow. 
The shimmer was as gentle as the kiss. 
Bella was lost in the man’s kiss. 
At first, she had the strength to pound his chest and wide shoulders, but soon, the man’s overpowering 
testosterone sapped her energy. 
With her breath ragged, she backed away. 
Clang, bang, crash. 
Justin pinned Bella to the table, scattering the things on the desk all over the floor. 
Flushed in the ears, Justin felt a rush coursing through his veins like never before. 
Justin swore that Bella was the only woman he ever kissed with such intensity. 
He vowed that he would never do the same to other women again. 
“Master!” 
As the door to the studio slammed open, Roza, not one to read the room, rushed in. 
She put her hand over her mouth as Bella and Justin locked lips. 
Roza quickly let out a loud cry.
“Justin! What the hell are you doing? Let go of her!” 
Bella’s eyes popped open as if she had awakened from a trance, and she pushed Justin away. 
She even slapped him in the face. 
Smack! 
Justin’s left cheek swelled, and Roza was dumbfounded. 
Despite the burning pain on his cheek, the man curled his lips. He was happy to take the punishment. 
Uh… 
Justin had his good looks to thank Otherwise, he would look like a pervert, pulling that expression. 
“Get out of here now, Justin! Leave! don’t want to see you!” 
The joy in his eyes deepened as Bella blushed, and her eyes were dewy from the kiss. 
Though the evidence of their intimacy was reflected on her face, she told him to get out. 
“Leave!” Bella shouted, her chest heaving. 
“Alright. I’ll see you again once your busy season is over.” 
Bella was stunned. 
She could not believe the words coming out of the man’s mouth. She did not want to see him at all. 
Justin took one last lingering look at her before walking out the door reluctantly.
The man brushed past Roza, leaving behind a minty scent. 
Roza was utterly dumbstruck. Before she knew it, Justin was long gone. 
“A-Are you alright?” 
Roza went to hold Bella to stop her from falling. Her eyes welled up with rage. “Your ex-husband 
harassed you. We should call the cops.” 
“I’m fine.” 
Bella held her beating heart and sighed. “I’ll pretend that I was bitten by a dog. Let’s just forget that it 
ever happened.” 
Roza stared at Bella’s flighty gaze in a daze. Struck by a thought, she wrapped her arms around Bella. 
“Tell me the truth. Have you gotten over him?” 
“I have,” Bella responded without hesitation. 
She hugged Roza back, her voice wry. “We are divorced. I know better than to hang onto him.”
###chapter561
Chapter 561
Bella said, “Thirteen years ago, I was never good to myself because of Justin. Now that we are 
separated, I won’t fall in love with anyone. anymore. I won’t make the same mistake again. I need to 
move. forward with my life.” 
Roza sighed tearfully. 
She could sense how deep of a cut Justin had left on Bella. Her wound would not heal so easily. 
“That’s right. We should move forward! Romance is not for the wise.” 
Roza patted Bella’s back and said cheekily, “We should go out for drinks tonight. I want to learn about 
your heartbreaking love story over alcohol.” 
“My love story is the worst rom-com ever. It’s cringey to talk about it.” 
Casting the sadness away, Bella grinned wickedly and lifted Roza’s chin with a finger. “You, on the 
other hand, have the hots for all hotties. Any new romance to share?” 
“I’m not dating anyone. I’m either making or designing clothes. I guess clothes will be my companion.” 
Roza scoffed. “Hot guys are eye candies, but that’s all they are. They’re airheads. Those models and 
celebrities I fancied before weren’t worth my time. They showed their true colors, asking for branded 
watches and fancy cars after buttering me up for a few days. I’m a sucker for good looks, but man, I’m 
no fool.” 
“Haha!”
Bella burst out laughing. “I guess we are jerk magnets. Don’t worry, Roza. I won’t let you go through 
what I did. If you’re interested in dating, I’ll introduce you to a few men.” 
“A few? God, you’re a busy woman. Where do you find good men?” 
“I was born into a family of good men.” 
Bella patted her chest proudly. “My brothers are single. Once I show you their profiles, you can pick 
and choose whoever you like. I’ll introduce you to him.” 
Roza did not know what to feel. “I know you’re trying to play matchmaker, but it feels like I’m choosing a 
male escort.” 
“My brothers have more to offer than male escorts.” 
Bella winked cheekily. “I could introduce you to Axel. He’s handsome and well-spoken. I’m sure he can 
please you better than a male escort.” 
“Really? What does he do for a living if he’s articulate?” Roza’s eyes lit up at the mention of a hottie. 
“He’s a public prosecutor.” 
Roza replied, “Thanks, I guess…” 
Justin’s eyes were dopey when he wandered out of the villa. His mind. was preoccupied with the kiss 
he shared with Bella earlier. 
“Mr. Salvador.” 
lan shivered in the cold outside. With Justin exiting the premises, lan went up to him.
Upon a closer look, lan noticed Justin’s sparkling eyes, blushed cheeks, and glossy lips under the soft 
glow of the sunset. 
lan’s throat went dry as he turned red in the face. 
Judging by the smutty look on Justin’s face, he must have done. something with Bella. 
“Mr. Salvador, your face- 
“Oh, Bella hit me.” Justin reached to touch his face with a smile. 
“Huh? Why did the young madam hit you?” lan was shocked. 
Justin’s mind wandered back to Bella, who melted in his arms. because of the kiss. His heart beat out 
of his chest, and his lips curled into a smile as he could not get enough of her. 
“Because she cares about me.” 
The birthday celebration was three days away. 
Despite all her efforts, Shannon received some devastating news. 
Sharon would never design a dress for her. Ever. 
“The staff of Sharon’s studio said that Sharon will not design a dress for you no matter how much you 
offer.” Bethany relayed the news to Shannon with apprehension.
###chapter562
Shannon’s eyes bulged as she asked, “Why?” 
“I think it’s in your best interest not to ask about the details, Mom.” 
Bethany found it hard to approach the subject. 
“Quit stammering. Just tell me.” 
Bethany shuddered, bit the bullet, and said, “Word from Sharon is that she will never dress a questionable and scandalous individual in her clothes. She doesn’t want to damage her own reputation.” 
She tried her best to word her sentence diplomatically because 
Sharon said the worst things. 
Shannon’s pride as the wife of a corporation chairman held no weight.. 
“Damn it. That’s outrageous.” 
Flying into a rage, Shannon shoved the expensive cosmetic products. off the vanity dresser. “It’s just a stupid dress. Who does she think she is? I can still beat Celeste any time of the day, even without a 
dress from Sharon.” 
Silence befell the room. 
“D-Dad?” 
Bethany was thrown off by Gregory’s presence at the door. 
Shannon turned back and saw her partner looking glum. She cried out coyly in a fluster. “Greg, are you back from your business trip? When did you get back? Why-” 
214 
“What’s all this about now? Why did you trash the room?” Gregory glanced at the mess and asked with a frown. 
“I asked Sharon, a top designer, to design a birthday gown for me, but 
she wouldn’t do it, and that would be the end of it. However, she 
insulted me. How was I supposed to let it go?” 
Shannon ran and hugged Gregory in tears. Even Bethany was impressed by the depth and versatility of her mother’s advances. 
“Greg, I’m your wife. I represent you and Salvador Corporation. Sharon 
is basically putting you and the company down through me. You 
must stand up for me and get her canceled. Show her the 
consequences of upsetting your woman.” 
“Get her canceled? She’s a designer with international fame. I doubt I 
have any influence outside the city.” Gregory’s tone was stiff. 
In the past, Gregory often found Shannon’s little tantrums adorable, 
and he would do anything for her. 
Lately, Shannon has caused many irreversible troubles. It had not 
been long since the last incident, and she was at it again. Gregory felt 
that Shannon had not been sensible or lived up to his expectations as 
the wife of a corporation president. 
“I… I…” Shannon had nothing to say about herself. She was angry and 
hurt. 
“Give us some room, Bethany. I need a word with your mother.” 
“Sure, Dad.” Bethany slipped out. 
She found her mother unpredictable and hard to approach now. 
Bethany wondered if Shannon was experiencing a mid-life crisis. 
Once the door was closed, Shannon pulled herself together and murmured, “Did you have time to review the guest list I sent you, 
Greg?” 
“Here’s a question for you, Shannon. Why did you move the birthday. party to the weekend instead of keeping it to the date of your actual birthday?” 
Gregory was not too pleased to learn the news while abroad. “You 
should know that Wyatt’s third wife is having a birthday celebration on the same day. You insist on having yours on that day to one-up her, right?” 
Shannon bit her lip. 
“Since you’re not saying anything, I assume that I’m right.” 
Gregory gently pushed her away, feeling baffled by the whole thing. 
The bad blood between you two happened more than two decades 
ago. You have retired from the public eye, and the past is long. 
forgotten. Why are you trying to best her? Are you trying to start something by reminding the public about the miserable past? 
“What does the miserable past have to do with me?” 
With a menacing look, Shannon burst out laughing. “Celeste was the 
one humiliated and shamed. I’m just trying to remind everybody of 
the star I once was.” 
“You’re being unreasonable.” 
“Unreasonable? Am I being unreasonable, or are you feeling guilty, 
Greg?” Shannon’s resentment was reflected in her bloodshot eyes. 
Chapter 563. 
“What are you saying?” Gregory scowled. 
“I bet you still favor Celeste. Rumors that you two were dating were 
all over the papers twenty years ago.” 
###chapter563
Gregory asked sternly, “What the hell are you talking about? Why 
would I have anything to do with Wyatt’s woman?” 
“It happened before you knew me. You were the shareholder of TS 
Gem Channel when Celeste found fame. Rumors that Celeste was 
your lover spread like wildfire, and paparazzi caught you with Celeste. Are you denying you were ever involved with her?” 
Livid, Shannon had to bring the incident up. The thought of Celeste 
sent a rush of blood to her head. 
Shannon picked Gregory not just because he was the successor to 
Salvador Corporation. Back then, word went around that Celeste’s 
man was Gregory. 
She vowed to take anything and everything that was Celeste’s 
Whatever Shannon could not take from Celeste, she would de 
Gregory furrowed his brows as rage slowly burned in him. “Nothi 
going on between me and Celeste.” 
Stung by his grimacing gaze, Shannon became timid. 
“If I were really involved with Celeste, do you think I would have. 
married you instead of her? I’m not the type to keep a mistress or let 
someone else marry my woman.” 
Shannon felt suffocated. 
It did not seem like there was a problem with what Gregory said. 
However, Shannon was upset. 
It sounded as if she was Gregory’s second choice. 
“So you did have feelings for her, and you have not moved on, am I 
right?” 
Shannon shook Gregory’s arm and asked tearfully, “Greg, that woman 
is a bitch. She was seeing many other men in showbiz. She was 
caught with drugs too, which caused her career downfall. No man 
would be caught dead with her in fear of being seen in a bad light. All 
she can ever be is a mistress to Wyatt.” 
The comment somehow did not sit well with Gregory. 
Gregory knew Celeste before Shannon. 
At the time, Celeste was better known for her fame, looks, and acting 
prowess than Shannon. 
In Gregory’s mind, Celeste was not as intolerable as Shannon put her 
to be. Even though Celeste’s drug test came out positive and she had 
to quit showbiz due to her damaged reputation, Gregory believed 
Celeste was framed. He never once looked down on her. I know the 
type of person Celeste is. Besides, if she was really that shady, do 
you think Wyatt would marry her in the first place?” 
Gregory’s facial muscles tensed. “I felt sorry for Celeste because she 
was ostracized and bullied. Yet she kept things to herself. As one of 
the shareholders and owners, I had a responsibility to take care of TS Gem’s promising artists. I don’t understand why you’re bringing out a 
rumor that happened twenty years ago, I only married you because 
you were understanding and tolerant of me. If you carry on talking 
nonsense, I will only think that you aren’t the person I thought you were. It makes me question my decision to marry you.” 
Shannon’s eyes widened as she grimaced. 
Gregory’s words devastated her. 
“After all we went through, Greg. Despite the public scorn, I bore your 
child and stood by your side without asking for marriage. How could you think that of me?” 
Gregory felt bad when Shannon started crying inconsolably. He sighed and patted her trembling back. 
“Don’t cry. I was harsh. Don’t take it to heart.” 
It would usually take some time to soothe Shannon, but she knew when to call it quits. 
Hiding the anger behind her eyes, she held Gregory and softened in his embrace. “Don’t be mad at me, Greg. I just care and love you too much. I’m scared of you leaving me 
Shannon puckered up her tear-soaked lips.. 
Gregory was drained, and long-awaited desire soon swept over him. 
Shannon grabbed the man’s tie and removed her pajamas as they 
kissed and backed into the bed. 
Something else was going on in one of Savrow’s villas. 
###chapter564
Due to the chilly weather, Bella stopped taking her kayak out to the back of the villa. However, she remained disciplined in keeping up 
with her workout regime. 
Bella, dressed in skin-tight pink athletic wear, sprinted on the 
treadmill. Her face was flushed as she sweated profusely. 
Steven held a towel and bottle of water ready for Bella. He reported softly, “I compared the guest lists released by Chairman Thompson. 
and Gregory and found that at least 50% of the names are on both.” 
Bella remained indifferent. “That’s to be expected.” 
“I’m still a little worried.” 
Steven voiced his concern. “Madam Celeste is having the birthday 
celebration at the KS World Hotel, while Shannon is having hers at the 
Salvador Hotel. Once again, both companies are at odds.” 
“Get your facts right. Who would want to be associated with Salvador 
Corporation’s wicked witch? She’s shameless to have her birthday on 
the same day as Aunt Celeste.” Bella had the breath to ridicule 
Shannon, even though she was running. Shannon is the one looking 
for trouble, but we’re having the party in Savrow, not Hatchbay. I’m 
afraid=” 
“Are you afraid that the guests would extend the courtesy to Gregory and not Wyatt, since Gregory was born and bred in Savrow?” 
“Nothing goes past you, Ms. Bella.” Steven flattered Bella. 
“You always worry over nothing.” 
Bella got off the treadmill. Seeing that she was drenched in sweat, Steven held the towel up to dry her sweat. 
She snatched the towel from him and said, “I’ll do it.” 
Steven pursed his lips. 
He had a feeling that Bella had become distant. 
Even though he had admitted his feelings to her, they had talked 
things through. He expected nothing from her, but he could feel their relationship regressing. 
“The Iversons are on the guest list. Not only that, I dropped an invitation to Ryan, and he was over the moon. He agreed to decline. 
the invitation to the Salvadors’ party and attend Aunt Celeste’s 
instead.” 
Bella shifted her gaze away from Steven’s dejected face and wiped 
her sweat. “The Iversons and Hoffmans are attending our event, and 
they are important people. Those who can’t decide will soon know 
who to pick. The era of Salvador Corporation and the Iverson Group 
dominating the business world is over because KS Group will stand in 
their way once I become the CEO. The Thompsons and the Iversons. 
have a long-standing relationship, and Ryan supports me. I wonder if 
the undecisive will still accommodate Gregory’s invitation.” 
Steven nodded. “That’s true.” 
Bella took the bottle of water and sipped on the straw. She did not 
even look at Steven the whole time. 
“Ms. Bella.” 
Steven called out to her in a sad voice and asked cautiously, “Have I 
done something wrong?” 
Bella shied away from his gaze. “Huh? No.” 
“I did. I know I did.” 
Steven’s face was flushed with panic. “What did I do wrong, Ms. Bella? Tell me, and I’ll change.” 
“You have done nothing wrong, Steve. I just think that you’re nearly 30. Your world doesn’t revolve around me. You should have your own 
life and find time to date someone.” 
“Ms. Bella…” 
“My sister, Amelia, has always been close to you, and you guys still 
get along fine. I can tell that you like her too.” 
Bella was sincere in setting them up. “Why don’t you two try dating? 
Don’t stress out about it, though. You come from a good family, and 
Wyatt considers you a godson. No one will stop you from being 
together with Amelia. In fact, we can’t be happier.” 
“I appreciate the thought, Ms. Bella.” 
Steven’s heart raced, but his tone was firm. “I’m nice to Ms. Amelia 
because she’s your sister and Chairman Thompson’s daughter. It’s my duty to serve her too. Plus, we grew up together. She’s like a sister 
to me.” 
— 
That night, Justin finished his work and returned to Tideview Manor. 
The temperature dropped rapidly in the last two days. It would not be 
long before they welcomed snow. 
###chapter565
Chapter 565
Justin fought back the urge to cough the whole way home. The moment he set foot in the entrance, a 
hacking cough escaped his throat. 
“Young Master!” 
Wilma rushed over and was horrified to find Justin coughing his lungs out. “Young Master Justin, what 
happened to you? Why are you coughing so badly? Did you catch a cold?” 
“I’m fine, Wilma. Get me a glass of water,” Justin said indifferently, clearly not telling Wilma that he was 
injured. 
“But… But you don’t look fine.” 
Wilma looked worried. “Maybe we should get the family doctor to check on you.” 
“I’m fine, really. I’ll be good after taking some meds.” Justin smiled with assurance. 
“Young Master Justin, the chairman wants you in his study. He wants a word with you,” the butler 
conveyed the message. 
Justin stepped into the study and frowned. 
Gregory and Shannon sat on the sofa in matching pajamas. Shannon, with her face flushed and her 
hair unkempt, lay in Gregory’s embrace. 
She would kiss her husband’s cheeks every now and then. 
Justin turned around to leave because they made him sick.
“Alright now. Justin is still here.” 
Gregory told Shannon off, not wanting to be lovey-dovey in front of his son. 
“We can continue later.” Shannon made circles on the man’s chest with her finger flirtatiously. 
The romance was not dead in the bedroom, for sure. 
“You wanted to see me?” Unable to stand it anymore, Justin asked with a grimace. 
“Your mother’s birthday celebration is this weekend. How are the preparations?” Gregory asked. 
“My mother’s birthday celebration?” 
Justin smirked. “I have always spent my mother’s birthday with her at the cemetery. You have never 
once celebrated or visited her. Why are you so nice to ask this time?” 
Gregory was stumped for words. His expression was stunned. 
“If you’re asking about Aunt Shannon’s birthday, then pardon me. 
That’s not my business. I have done nothing.” 
The joy in Justin’s eyes disappeared. “Aunt Shannon is your wife and Bethany’s mother. She has two 
people in her corner to organize the event. I don’t think an outsider should get involved.” 
The word “outsider” got on Gregory’s nerves. 
“Aren’t you a Salvador? Thanks to the family, you were raised in privilege and became the president of 
Salvador Corporation. What more do you want?” 
Shannon rested her body weight on her husband, hiding the malice in her eyes.
“Is there anything else? If there’s none, I should go back to my room.” 
Before, Justin would probably try to argue. 
Now, he lost the will to talk some sense into his dumb father who was played by Shannon and Bethany. 
“I’m not done, Justin. Get back here!” Gregory jolted to his feet and yelled, nearly knocking Shannon off 
the sofa. 
“That reminds me. I forgot to let you know.” 
Justin stopped without looking back, his tall build standing erect. “I won’t be attending Aunt Shannon’s 
birthday party.” 
Shannon scowled. 
“What do you mean?” 
Gregory was shocked. “If you’re not going to attend the family event, are you attending the 
Thompsons”?” 
“Sure. Why not?”
###chapter566
Sure. 
Why not? 
The casual sequence of words enraged Gregory and Shannon so badly that they nearly started foaming at the mouth. 
Shannon glared hatefully at Justin’s indifferent face, hiding behind Gregory like a ghost, her eyes full of viciousness. 
“Justin Salvador! Have you forgotten who you are?!” Gregory roared, trembling with anger. 
“Thank you for taking the trouble to remind me time and time again. My last name is Salvador, and I’m your son.” 
Justin smiled flippantly and sarcastically. “I would’ve forgotten it hadn’t reminded me.” 
“You rebellious scoundrel!” 
Gregory’s eyes were bloodshot, and he was dizzy with anger as he shook a finger in Justin’s face. “I’ll ask you one last time. You’re set on accepting the Thompsons’ invitation this weekend, are you?!” 
“Oh, Justin, how could you be so foolish?” 
Shannon felt like the time was about right to cut in and put on the face of a benevolent mother trying to keep the peace. “My birthday celebration isn’t important, but you know your father doesn’t get along with Wyatt Thompson. Bella Thompson has also been creating trouble for us time and time again. How could you turn your back on us at this critical juncture? If you, the president of Salvador Corporation, don’t show up, won’t you be openly snubbing your dad?!” 
“Madam Shannon Quarry.” 
Justin spoke coldly as he looked at her darkly. “If your birthday celebration isn’t important, then don’t hold one. You, your daughter, and your relatives don’t work for the benefit of the company. You abuse your power and have caused countless scandals for the company, which has put the company under scrutiny and affected the company’s profits. You’re infamous in Savrow. But instead of keeping a low profile right now, you’re celebrating your birthday in a flashy manner. Ha! Do you think the people are idiots or that the internet doesn’t remember?” 
“Y-you-!” Shannon’s eyes turned red, and her hands clenched into fists. 
Gregory was originally biased toward Shannon, but he wavered when he heard this. 
Justin continued to say, “Just because the chairman is willing to act. like a loving couple and play house with you doesn’t mean you should expect everyone to cater to your vanity. Just be grateful for whatever little you have.” 
‘Ah!!!’ Shannon was so furious that her ears were ringing, and she nearly fainted from anger. 
“What did you say?! Are you insulting your father?!” 
Gregory did not even pay attention to Shannon, only thinking that he had been mocked by his own son. He felt a stuffy feeling in his chest. 
“Butler! Where are you?!” 
Gregory usually appeared elegant and profound before others and rarely got so angry. 
This time, not only did Justin openly take the side of Wyatt 
Thompson’s daughter, but Justin was also obviously challenging his authority and secretly accusing him of being a clueless person who abetted a wrongdoer. 
Justin was crossing the line. 
“I’m here, Chairman Salvador.” The butler hurriedly walked in, trembling. 
Justin’s expression remained unchanged, and there was even a hint of disdain in his cold eyes. 
This added fuel to the angry fire burning in Gregory’s heart. 
“Bring me the cane. Quickly!” 
“Huh…?!” The butler was shocked. 
The last time Justin had gotten a beating was almost twenty yea ago. 
Back then, Justin had a heated argument with Gregory because of his mother’s death. At the time, Justin was filled with anger and hatred. 
He wanted to rush up to his father and beat him up. 
In the end, Gregory whipped Justin to the point that no part of his body was left unmarked. 
Although Nigel had rushed over as soon as he could, Justin had still been beaten until he went into shock and had to be rushed to the hospital. 
Was that brutal incident going to repeat itself?! 
“What are you waiting for? Hurry up and get the cane!” Gregory roared as he glared at the expressionless Justin. 
Gregory felt that this rebellious son of his was still silently challenging his authority as the head of the family. 
“Yes, Chairman!” 
Shannon was furious, but when she saw that Gregory would punish this bastard, she instantly felt much better. 
###chapter567
Shannon thought, ‘Go ahead and beat Justin to death! At least then, I can vent my anger!’ 
Almost all of Tideview Manor’s employees were gathered in the villa’s first-floor hall and stood in neat rows. 
When Bethany heard Justin was going to get a beating, she was so happy that she nearly broke out into a dance and even went to look for the little sister she nearly forgot existed, Carrie Salvador. 
“Hey, idiot!” 
Bethany kicked the door of Carrie’s room open. Carrie had been drawing and dropped her pencil in shock. 
“W-What’s the matter, B-Bethany?” 
“Aren’t you going to go downstairs to watch the show? Justin’s ab to get a beating! Hahahahahaha!” Bethany threw her head back in wild laughter. 
“Justin?! Why?!” Carrie panicked. 
“Why? Because he was too bold and dared to talk back to our esteemed father!” 
Bethany smiled gloatingly. “Hmph! He really doesn’t know what’s good for him. Does he think he’s all that just because he’s the president of Salvador Corporation? He should have considered it 
carefully. If it weren’t for our eldest brother’s poor health, would Justin even be sitting in that position today? And if it weren’t for Daddy taking pity on Justin for his mother dying young, he would’ve been sent to the overseas branch long ago! He wouldn’t be enjoying his position today. What an unappreciative fool!” 
No matter how often Carrie was called an idiot, she was not really one. She could tell that Bethany was looking down on and mocking 
Justin. 
She felt indignant. Gathering her courage, she retorted timidly, “Justin isn’t like that… You and Mom must have teamed up to bully Justin.” 
“You stupid idiot! What did you say?!” 
When Carrie saw Bethany lunge at her with wild eyes like a mad dog, she shut her eyes tightly in fear and reflexively covered her head with her arms. 
“Ms. Bethany.” 
Right then, the female helper who usually cared for Carrie walked in and anxiously said, “Chairman Salvador wants you and Ms. Carrie to go downstairs right now.” 
Upon hearing this, Bethany put down the arm she had raised high above her head and said with resentment, “Got it.” 
She turned to leave in a huff. 
“Ms. Carrie, are you alright?!” The female helper rushed over to Carrie, sweating. She felt so bad for Carrie when she saw how pale she was. 
“I’m fine. Thank you, Linny. If you hadn’t made it in time…” Carrie’s clear, doe-like eyes teared up halfway through her sentence, and she 
trailed off, not daring to continue. 
“Ms. Carrie… Oh, look at you!” 
Linny took Carrie’s ice-cold hand, her gaze full of heartache. She pushed up Carrie’s sleeve, only to see bruises covering Carrie’s arms. Her tears were about to fall from her face as she said, “Ms. Bethany has bullied you so badly that there isn’t an unmarked spot on your body! Things can’t go on like this. Please tell Chairman Salvador about this. Even if Madam Shannon doesn’t take it seriously, Chairman Salvador is your father. He won’t just ignore it!” 
Carrie hurriedly retracted her hand and hung her head in thought for a few seconds before saying softly, “You should head down first. Dad has called for me, so I’ll head down in a bit.” 
Linny sighed helplessly and had no choice but to leave. 
Once the door closed, Carrie immediately dug out her phone and pulled up Bella’s phone number in a practiced manner. 
After a few seconds of hesitation, she finally mustered up the courage to call Bella. 
The call quickly connected, and a gentle voice came through. “Carrie, what made you think of calling me? Do you need help with something?” 
When Carrie heard Bella’s familiar voice, she choked up. 
Finally, unable to hold back any longer, her crystalline tears welled over her reddened eyes. 
“Carrie? Carrie? What happened? Why aren’t you saying anything?” 
Bella’s voice was filled with worry. 
“Annie… Justin’s being bullied.” 
Bella was puzzled by this. Thinking that Carrie was exaggerating, she joked, “Justin Salvador is being bullied? Who in this world can bully him? He could rip off someone’s head and kick it around as a ball!” 
“My mother and father are teaming up to bully him. My father is going to discipline him. They’re going to give Justin a beating!” Carrie was panicking as she paced her room in circles. 
“Discipline?” Bella was stunned. 
“Annie! Please Please save Justin! My father is about to start beating him soon. What if he kills Justin?!” 
###chapter568
Gregory had called pretty much everyone who could be called away from their posts to gather around the hall. 
They surrounded Justin, who stood at the center, placing him in full view of everyone. 
Justin had already taken off his coat and was only wearing a thin white shirt. The sight of his strong arms and his muscled body underneath it made onlookers envious, and their hearts skipped a beat with the sheer masculinity he exuded. 
Gregory was doing this to hurt Justin’s pride and make him feel embarrassed. 
But he did not expect Justin to stand there proudly without sayin word. It was Justin’s complete victory, even though he had not do anything. 
The female employees covered their mouths as they blushed in 
excitement, almost unable to resist squealing. 
Honestly, Justin was still stunningly handsome even when he was being punished. His image was not affected at all. 
When Gregory saw that his son had no intention of admitting defeat. or that he was wrong, he cracked his whip viciously and hit the ground with a loud crack, which struck fear into everyone’s hearts. 
“Kneel!” 
Justin’s eyes flashed with a fierce, rebellious light as he laughed coldly. “Kneel? Do you think that’s possible?” 
“You-!” 
“I’m standing right here. If you want to whip me, just do it. Stop spouting nonsense.” Justin’s gaze was dark and cold, but calm. 
This was how it had always been. The Salvador family’s rules of discipline had been passed down from their ancestors. 
Even Nigel had suffered his father’s beating while surrounded by the family’s helpers in his youth. This rule did not change for the next generation of Salvador men either. 
Now, Justin was experiencing the rotten part of this rich family too. 
He turned around with a cold expression. 
Smack-! 
Smack-! 
Smack-! 
Gregory glared at Nigel, cracking the whip with gritted teeth as he whipped Justin three times in a row with all his might. 
“Ah! Young Master Justin is bleeding!” Someone in the crowd exclaimed in shock. 
Lines of striking red had appeared on Justin’s broad back. He was bleeding through his white shirt. 
This was nothing less than medieval torture. 
Shannon and Bethany were incredibly delighted. It was so satisfying that they almost wanted to grab some popcorn to enjoy the show with. 
However, Justin’s expression remained unchanged, and his back did. not bend. 
Even though he could feel his flesh had split open, even though each strike tugged at his old wounds and put him in so much pain that every nerve was trembling and he was on the verge of collapse, Justin still held on with sheer willpower. 
“Do you admit that you were wrong? Do you?!” Gregory whipping him. 
Was t 
“No, I do not.” Justin gritted his teeth and held his head high. 
“You rebellious scoundrel!” 
Right as Gregory’s eyes reddened and he was about to whip Justin even harder, a clear and pleasant voice cut through the air, accompanied by the appearance of two familiar silhouettes. 
“Stop!” 
Everyone turned to look at the door. 
Justin was sweating profusely from the pain and was very pale. Even his vision was starting to blur. 
But through his blurring vision, the sight of Bella’s gorgeous face. seemed to give him a shot of adrenaline. Even if he was on his last. breath, he could come back to life at this moment. 
“Bella…” 
He saw Bella stride toward him quickly, getting closer. 
Justin hesitated for a moment before his lips suddenly curled in an imperceptible smile. His eyes were half-closed as he fell toward Bella. “Justin!” 
###chapter569
When Bella saw Justin fall toward her weakly, she reflexively spread her arms to catch him and held him tightly. 
Suddenly, she felt a warm liquid on her palm, and her heart skipped a beat. 
She slowly raised her hand and turned her palm over. 
A shocking swath of blood entered her line of sight. 
Bella realized that Justin’s broad back was covered with narrow vicious whip marks. His white shirt was already soaked and dyed red with blood. 
Instantly, her eyes widened, and an uncontrollable rage overtook her as her eyes began to gleam with a cold, intimidating light. 
“Are you okay, Justin?” 
“Are you worried about me?” Justin leaned firmly into her embrace, still sweating. 
“Of course!” Bella blurted, unable to control her emotions. 
Justin’s heart thumped loudly as he forcibly suppressed his joy, and he smiled softly. “Thank you, Bella.” 
“Shut up!” 
Bella was at the peak of her anger. There was fear in her eyes as she scolded him in a low voice, “You’re badly injured right now. Stop talking. I don’t want to hear your bleating!” 
Justin laughed bitterly as he said softly into her ear, “Okay.” 
Everyone was dumbfounded to see Bella Thompson appear out of nowhere. 
Carrie, who was watching everything from a hidden corner, teared up when she saw Annie descend onto the scene like a goddess. 
Shannon and Bethany, on the other hand, looked like they had just eaten a lemon. 
Their expressions were as sour as can be. 
“Chairman Salvador, there’s a lot of excitement going on in your home today. If I’d been just one moment later, I probably wouldn’t have been able to see this terribly dramatic scene of you disciplining your son, would I?” Bella said with a mocking smile. 
But the gaze she aimed at Gregory was sharp and intimidating. Even Hercules himself would have felt a chill. 
Some of the helpers heard the sarcasm and snickered. 
Bella steadily supported Justin as she slowly chuckled. “I usually hear people say that family affairs should be kept private. This is the first time in my life that I’ve seen someone beat their son before such a crowd without regard for their family’s reputation. You might as well strip him naked and string him up over Tideview Manor’s metal gates for three days and three nights. When the time comes, I’ll definitely invite all of Savrow’s reporters to come look and spread your name far and wide.” 
Her sarcastic remarks were viciously biting. 
The snickering grew louder. 
Justin did not know whether to laugh or cry when he heard this. 
This woman had to be constantly thinking up methods to torture him day and night. 
Gregory really hated this girl. 
It was a mystery how Wyatt Thompson had brought up his daughter to be so disrespectful! 
“Ms. Thompson!” 
Shannon was bolstered by the fact that her husband was right there to back her up and stepped forward to rebuke Bella. “This has been the Salvador family’s rule for decades. Kids who have done wrong have to unconditionally accept their punishment. My husband and Old Master Nigel also experienced it. So this is the way it shou Justin’s generation as well. Besides, this is our family matter already divorced Justin, so you’re no longer part of the family are you thinking, turning up at this time? In what capacity are you doing this? What right do you have to interfere?!” 
Bella did not even have to think to know that the wicked woman would say exactly all that, so she was unruffled in the face of her questioning. 
Justin could not bear to allow Shannon to bully his woman. His eyes. flashed with a vicious gleam as he opened his mouth. When he was about to speak, Nigel said, “Anna might not have a say in this, but I do!” 
###chapter570
Chapter 570
A resounding voice interrupted the beating. 
It was only then that the crowd noticed Nigel was at the door with his secretary, Matt Upton. 
Bella had been so attention-grabbing that Gregory and Shannon had not realized Nigel had come as 
well. 
“Grandpa.” 
“Grandpa Nigel!” 
Justin and Bella spoke in unison, though Bella’s voice was much more affectionate.. 
Shannon’s arrogance was instantly halved, and she broke out into a cold sweat. 
“Dad, why are you here?” Gregory was taken aback. The hand he held the whip with trembled slightly. 
“Hmph! If I hadn’t rushed over, you probably would have kept beating. my grandson to death!” 
Nigel was sitting majestically in his wheelchair. When he saw how. injured Justin was, he began 
trembling from anger. “Justin! Are you okay?!” 
“I’m fine, Grandpa.” Justin smiled comfortingly. 
“Matt! Call my personal doctor to come over immediately to treat Justin’s wounds!” 
“Yes, Old Master,” Matt hurriedly stepped aside to make the call. 
“It must have been a huge trouble for Ms. Thompson to call Dad all the way here for Justin.”
Shannon tugged on Gregory’s sleeve as she spoke sarcastically, turning her focus to Bella once more. 
“Greg, Dad’s health and legs have always been in bad condition. It’s so late, and he had to rush over 
here in such cold weather. I feel-” 
“That’s enough, that’s enough! Stop acting!” 
Nigel irritably interrupted Shannon’s performance with a wave of his hand. “I’m in perfectly good health. 
Anna often visits to help me manage my condition. Are you trying to curse me by saying that?” 
Realizing she had messed up, Shannon panicked and tried to explain.” No, Dad-” 
“Also, it wasn’t Anna who called me over.” 
Nigel did not allow Shannon any opportunity to retaliate and continued to reprimand her. “This was all a 
coincidence. Anna happened to be visiting me tonight, and when I heard Justin was getting beaten by 
Gregory, I was so angry that I insisted on rushing here. Anna only followed me because she was afraid 
something. would happen to me. If you guys have anything else you’d like to ask, ask me, not Anna!” 
Everyone turned and looked at the pale Shannon with a complicated gaze. 
Shannon’s eyes were red and wide. She no longer dared to say anything else. 
This time, she had really shot herself in the foot. She had been too rash! 
“Bella, you were visiting Grandpa?” Justin looked up at Bella in surprise. 
“Yeah.” She replied coldly, refusing to meet his burning gaze. 
“Why didn’t you ask me to come with you?”
“I’ll visit Grandpa on my own. Who are you to me? Why do I have to bring you along?” Bella snorted 
lightly. 
Justin pursed his lips, once again feeling hurt. 
Bethany felt suspicious when she heard her grandfather’s words. 
If Bella only came with Grandpa due to a coincidence, who was it that had called Grandpa over? 
Suddenly, she thought of something and looked angrily at Carrie, who was standing not far away. 
As expected, that stupid girl’s silly smile betrayed her. 
“Dad, Shannon’s right. You shouldn’t have come here. It’s too tiring for you. We’re just worried about 
your health.” 
Gregory was about to walk over to Nigel, but Nigel made a gesture to stop him in his tracks with a cold 
expression. “If you were really worried about my health, you shouldn’t have whipped my grandson like 
this and angered me! I’m very upset with you!”
###chapter571
The large hall fell silent. 
Bella blinked as she could not help but laugh. 
When Justin saw her mischievous expression, he forgot about his pain and just looked at her 
wholeheartedly as he smiled slightly in satisfaction. 
When everyone saw how Old Master Nigel did not show Gregory any mercy and scolded the master of 
Tideview Manor in front of them, they were all shocked. 
Considering Gregory’s status as the chairman of Salvador 
Corporation, it was very embarrassing for him to be scolded by his own father in front of the helpers. 
How humiliating! 
Gregory instantly felt the injury to his pride, and his face rapidly 
turned red in humiliation. He ordered through gritted teeth, “Butler, disperse the crowd.” 
“That won’t do! This matter must be settled right now in front of everyone. No one is allowed to take a 
single step out of this hall!” 
Old Master Nigel was truly intimidating. 
Bella was quite similar to Old Master Nigel when she was angry. It 
was as if she were his biological grandchild. 
“Dad, what do you mean?” Gregory frowned and asked with 
cancel 
unconcealed.anger. 
“What do I mean? Hmph! I mean exactly what you mean!” 
Nigel narrowed his eyes as he sneered, “You weren’t afraid of damaging Justin’s pride when you beat 
him in front of everyone. Now that I want to settle this issue in front of the same crowd, what is 
there for you not to accept?” 
“Dad! You can’t keep taking his side! Aren’t you just spoiling him?” 
Gregory pointed angrily at Justin and shouted, his face red. “You’ve spoiled him to the point that he’s 
become so rebellious and doesn’t even know his limits! If things go on like this, he won’t even respect 
me as his father!” 
“Ha.” A cold sneer appeared on Justin’s face. 
The moment his mother jumped from the roof of this manor, to him, 
his father was no more. He had died with his mother. 
Bella heard Justin loud and clear. 
Silently, she looked at his pale face and saw the heartbreaking hatred 
etched into his eyes. 
She could not help but feel her heart twinge. 
“You say that Justin is rebellious and doesn’t know his limits. So 
cancel 
come on, tell me-in what way?” 
Nigel was so dismissive of this that he even used his little finger to 
pick at his teeth. 
Everyone was silent. 
Tsk, tsk. The old man grew more fearless and went against the grain 
as he grew older. 
Perhaps it was because his nature had been suppressed for too long 
in his youth, growing up in a rich family. Now that Nigel was old and 
had everything at his fingertips, he let himself go completely. 
“He talked back to me and disobeyed me!” 
Gregory was so angry that he said everything that came to mind. “I’m justified in my use of the family 
rules to discipline him. I had no other 
choice! And besides, I’m his father. What’s the problem with me 
teaching him a lesson?” 
“Hmph! If backtalk and disobedience are the problem, you’ve set a 
great example for your son!” 
cancel 
Nigel looked at Shannon with disgust. “Then, according to you, I should have beat you until your limbs 
were broken back when you 
married Shannon Quarry!” 
Gregory and Shannon’s expressions were twisted in ugly ways. 
“The Salvador family rules are meant to punish people who have tru made mistakes and truly deserve 
to be punished. Let me ask you what has Justin done wrong? Tell me every single thing!” 
Nigel smacked the armrest of his wheelchair, making Shannon jump 
and tremble. 
Gregory was no longer able to restrain himself, so he shouted, “He refused to take part in our family 
event and is supporting the Thompsons instead!” 
cancel 
###chapter572
Bella’s eyes widened slightly, and she turned to look at Justin. 
“KS Group has been at odds with our company for a very long time, and your precious adopted 
granddaughter has been causing trouble for us constantly, making the company’s stock prices 
fluctuate. We’ve lost billions of dollars recently! After much effort, I finally managed to organize a 
weekend event so that we could network among Savrow’s upper class. But at such an important 
moment, Justin, as the president of the company, is disregarding the company’s interests and turning 
to support our rival instead! Tell me, 
how am I supposed to not get angry?!” 
Bella’s eyes widened further, and she looked at Justin in disbelief. 
Her heartbeat was racing. 
“Oh, and the event you speak of—is it the birthday party you’re holdi 
for that woman this weekend?” Nigel asked. 
Gregory exclaimed, “That’s the one! This is a rare opportunity!” 
“Ah. Since Justin isn’t taking part, I’m not showing up either.” 
“What?!” Gregory was pale with shock. 
“Not only am I not showing up, I’m also going with Anna to take part 
in the birthday party Wyatt Thompson is throwing for his third wife. So, are you going to beat me with 
the whip too?” Nigel raised his white eyebrows and smiled mischievously.
“Grandpa Nigel…” Bella was dumbfounded. 
E/L 
Chap 572 
The blatant favoritism he was showing her moved her. 
“Dad! Are you doing this on purpose?! Why do you have to go that 
far?!” Gregory threw the whip he was holding to the floor. 
“Ha! Don’t you know why I’m going this far?” 
Nigel’s eyes were filled with anger because of his useless son. “That 
woman is widely notorious, and you still want to throw a party for her 
at this juncture? You might not be afraid of embarrassing yourself, 
but I am!” 
Everyone looked at Shannon with disdain and secret enjoyment at her 
public dressing down. 
After all, Shannon, who was originally an actress, did not have a great 
reputation at home either. She often abused the helpers and treated 
them like animals. Everyone cursed her in secret and had been 
complaining about her for ages.
Shannon was red with utter humiliation. She wished she could dig 
hole and bury her head in it. 
‘That old man has to die!’ Shannon thought to herself, ‘Let’s wait and 
see! I’ll kill you sooner or later! I’ll see how you can protect that 
bastard Justin and that bitch Bella then!’ 
“Either way, I’m not going, and neither is Justin! You can’t do anything 
about it, even if you’re unhappy. I support my grandson!” 
Upon saying that, Nigel turned his determined gaze to the young couple, and his tone became much 
more gentle. “Anna, Justin, let’s 
1. You can stay with me tonight.” 
Bella and Justin looked at each other. 
They unexpectedly nodded at the same time. 
Right then, Matt rushed in with a man who was carrying a medicine 
box. 
“Old Master, the doctor is here.”
“Good. He’ll come with us too. Let’s head back! I don’t want to stay a 
moment longer in this godforsaken place!” 
Nigel led his precious grandchildren and the rest of his group toward 
the door, leaving Gregory standing there. 
“Oh, right. From today onward, the Salvador family’s archaic rules are 
abolished!” 
Nigel raised his voice in a parting shot at his own son as he was 
being wheeled out by Matt. “Oh, by the way, how many years has it 
been since the Victorian era ended? Your thinking is even more 
backward than an old sack of bones like mine. I’m seriously d you even managed to remember such a 
rotten and dusty set of 
Everyone else covered their mouths. They were going to burst ou laughing at this rate! 
Gregory felt his blood rush to his face, looking like a ripe tomato.
###chapter573
The group followed Nigel back to Crescent Bay. 
Nigel’s affection was hard to say no to. On the way there, he held 
Justin’s hand with his left hand, while he held onto Bella with his right, 
his grip not loosening one bit. 
Not only that, Nigel spent the journey cursing Gregory. After he was 
done with Gregory, he continued to curse Shannon. He did not even 
repeat a single curse word. 
Bella worried he would tire himself out. 
Once he was done cussing out that couple, he started fussing over 
Justin and even pretended to casually put Justin’s hand over Bella’s. 
Justin’s heart fluttered as he gazed at Bella gently with a small smile 
over his grandfather’s head. 
Bella was aware of his burning gaze, but she pursed her lips slight 
and chose to ignore it. 
Justin felt anxious when he saw her remain unmoved and could not 
 
stop himself from curling his fingers to try to hold her hand. 
Suddenly, the warmth under his palm vanished. Bella had retracted 
her hand. 
He looked up and happened to meet Bella’s warning gaze squarely. 
She glared at him, frowning slightly. Her fierce expression made her 
look like she was about to eat him alive. 
Alright, alright. He still could not hold her hand. 
But the very fact that she appeared before him tonight already 
satisfied him. He dared not wish for more. 
“Justin, you have to thank Anna for tonight. If it weren’t for her 
concern about you and telling me in time that you were getting a beating from your old man, I wouldn’t 
have been able to make it there 
so quickly!” 
Nigel spoke meaningfully, giving his grandson a look. “It’s obvious that Anna cares about you. Hurry up 
and thank her for saving your life, you rascal!” 
“Thank you, Bella.” Justin’s gaze was tender, and his tone was soft and gentle. 
It was as if Bella was burned by his gaze. She shivered undetectably 
 
and said indifferently, “You shouldn’t thank me, Mr. Salvador. You 
should thank Carrie instead.” 
Both the old man and his grandson were surprised. “Carrie?” 
“Yes. It was Carrie who called me and told me everything. Then I told 
Grandpa Nigel.” 
Bella’s gaze turned cold once more. “I was just conveying the message, so please don’t overthink it, 
Mr. Salvador.” 
“The fact that you told Grandpa about it means you still have a little 
bit of concern for me.” Justin was shameless. It was fine if she did 
not want to admit it. He would just have to cling to her instead. 
Bella sneered, “Think whatever you like.” 
“Oh, so that was the case…” 
Nigel could not help but sigh. “That youngest granddaughter of mine is a kindhearted child. Although 
she didn’t grow up with me, fortunately, she hasn’t been corrupted by that wicked Shannon. Bethany, 
on the other hand, has been thoroughly spoiled by that foolish son of mine. She hasn’t learned 
anything from her mother, who seems respectable on the surface but is rotten on the inside. She even 
landed herself in jail. I don’t have much black hair left in the first place, but she’s going to make my hair 
all white from worry at 
 
this rate!” 
“Carrie’s a good kid. I was closest to her when I was living in Tideview Manor, and she was always very 
good to me.” 
Bella recalled her memories of Carrie and the three years she spent married to Justin. She originally 
thought her heart would not hurt anymore, but it twinged in pain again, though her expression remained 
nonchalant. “I’d go so far as to say that if I hadn’t had Carrie’s company back then, I don’t think I would 
have lasted that 
long.” 
Nigel understood her unsaid meaning and felt his heart ache for Bella. He turned to glare at Justin. 
Justin’s eyes instantly dulled as his stomach twisted into knots, and 
his heart was filled with remorse and pain. 
“Grandpa Nigel, there’s something I want to discuss with you, but I don’t know if I should say it. If it’s 
inappropriate and offensive, please pretend that I never said it.” Bella spoke with some hesitation. 
“It’s fine. Whatever you say won’t be offensive.” Justin hurriedly 
 
###chapter574

Bella internally rolled her eyes at Justin as she thought, 'Did I ask you? How annoying!'
"Speak up, Anna. I believe that you must have thought long and hard about it before bringing it up." Nigel looked at her kindly.
"Grandpa Nigel, I hope you can intervene and take Carrie in to live with you." Bella had
always thought of Nigel as her biological grandfather, so she did not shy away from the topic any longer.
Justin said, "I agree."
Bella retorted, "I didn't ask you!"
Justin narrowed his eyes slightly with a smile. "That doesn't matter. I support your idea, whether you want my opinion or not."
Bella glanced at him with frustration as she gritted her teeth.
She really wanted to jump out of the car right now just to get away from this insufferable man.
"Anna, did something happen to Carrie?" Nigel asked worriedly.
"Carrie is autistic. Gregory and his wife are so busy with work and managing such a large home and company that they won't be able to provide the best for Carrie, which isn't conducive to her condition. That's why I hope you can take her to live with you. That way, you won't be too lonely, and Carrie will have your company too, which would be good for her condition. I can rest easy knowing that you have your granddaughter's company too."
Bella did not rush to reveal Bethany's bullying of Carrie and instead provided food for thought from different perspectives.
The most important thing was for Carrie to escape Bethany's clutches. As long as this could be resolved, the rest could come slowly.
This was a family matter, and it was not good for an outsider like Bella to interfere too much.
"How considerate of you, Anna!" Nigel sighed. "I'm partly to blame for this as well. I've been too inattentive to Carrie as her grandfather. It's my fault."
He frowned deeply in remorse as he lightly patted the back of Bella's hand. "I understand, Bella. First thing tomorrow morning, I'll get Matt to pick Carrie up from Tideview Manor and bring her to live with me."
In Tideview Manor, the air in the room was at freezing point.
As a result of the farce of a lesson he tried to give his son, not only had Gregory failed to establish his authority as the head of the family, but he had also suffered a scolding from his own father in front of the helpers. His authority had basically been reduced to nothing.
After the incident, Gregory changed his clothes and left straightaway to vent his frustrations somewhere, which meant he would not be back that night.
Shannon sat in her room alone, filled with venomous resentment, like a wife who had been abandoned. She remembered how the little bit of care she had screamed and begged for and had finally managed to get had vanished just like that before it had even hit the 24-hour mark.
Her eyes reddened with hatred toward Nigel. Still, she hated Bella Thompson even more. "That damned old man... Damn you! Bella Thompson, you won't have a peaceful death!" Shannon cursed and grew angrier the more she thought about it, to the point that she was trembling like a crazy person who had not taken their tranquilizing medication.
Right then, there was a knock on the door.
"Who is it?! Didn't I say that no one is allowed to disturb me?!" Shannon yelled.
"M-Madam Shannon... Do you want to go downstairs to take a look?" The female helper asked timidly from outside the room.
"Now what?!"
"Ms. Bethany is beating up Ms. Carrie. None of us dare to step in. Do you want to go downstairs to take a look?"
###chapter575
Chapter 575
One commotion had just ended, and now, another one was beginning. 
CLCurrently, neither Gregory nor Justin were at home, which just proved th the saying that “when the 
cat’s away, the mice come out to play” was tritrue. 
BeBethany was certain that Carrie had snitched to Grandpa. Thus, she aran to Carrie’s room and 
dragged her by the hair to the living room. 
BeBethany had mimicked how her father humiliated Justin in public. 
“B”B-Bethany… Let go! It hurts!” Carrie’s eyes were filled with tears, and shshe felt like her scalp was 
about to be torn off. 
YoYou traitorous, spying bitch! So you still feel pain? That’s exactly how tshshould be!Today, I have to 
teach you a lesson as your older sister!” 
BeBethany cursed at Carrie. She suddenly raised her arm high and slateeded Carrie. 
‘Ahh!” 
The crispsgosodd of the slap startled all the employees. 
They watchobdessas the gentle, weak Carrie fell heavily to the ground from the force of the stap. 
Everyone was very ry worried for Carrie, but as the Salvador family’s employees, they gooddiicnot 
intervene in their masters’ matters and could only keep sileiteratengrily. 
“Bethany…yl was wrongngl.wawas wrong! I won’t do it again!” Carrie sobbed, covering her face.
She knew that no one was going to help her. 
Carrie wanted to fight back, but her body was as soft as a ball of dough, and she had no strength to 
support herself. 
Bethany was Grandpa’s favorite granddaughter and their parents’ favorite daughter. How could Carrie 
stand up to Bethany? 
Bella could leave whenever she wanted, but Carrie had no way of leaving this house. So all she could 
do was put up with Bethany’s abuse. This was how she survived. 
“Ms. Carrie! Ms. Carrie!” 
Linny ran over to kneel beside Carrie and gathered her into her arms, crying. “Ms. Bethany! Ms. Carrie 
is also Chairman Salvador’s daughter! What right do you have to bully Ms. Carrie?!” 
“Huh?!” 
Bethany huffed an angry laugh upon hearing this and propped a hand on her hip as she looked at them 
menacingly. “I didn’t expect you to have made such a good friend in this house, little idiot!” 
“L-Linny… Don’t mind me and get away!” 
Carrie was well aware of what her bull of an older sister was capable of and was afraid she would not 
be able to protect Linny. She anxiously tried to cover Linny’s mouth. 
“I won’t!” 
Linny hugged Carrie tightly, glaring at Bethany with red, teary eyes. ” 
Even if I die here or get kicked out of Savrow, I won’t leave you! Ms. Bethany, don’t you know you’re 
breaking the law? Even if Ms. Carrie is your little sister, you shouldn’t raise your hand against her to
hurt her. This is assault, and it’s illegal!” 
“That’s hilarious! Who do you think you are to raise your voice at me?!” 
Bethany burst out into wild laughter before kicking Linny’s shoulder and knocking her down. “So what if 
I’m committing assault? What can you do to me? Sue me if you dare!” 
Linny fell to the floor, her shoulder hurting so much. It felt like her bones had shattered. 
The other helpers were enraged by this. Some of them wanted to step in but were stopped by others. 
Although the Salvadors did not hold total control over Savrow, it was pretty close to it. 
If they stepped up now in a moment of anger, it was highly possibl that they would no longer be able to 
stay in Savrow. 
No matter how angry they were, they were still ordinary employees They had to take their futures and 
their relatives’ futures into consideration. 
“Bethany Salvador!” 
Carrie could tolerate being beaten, but when she saw Linny get kicked, an uncontrollable fury gushed 
out from somewhere deep within her weak and timid self. Her eyes turned red. 
“What?! What did you just call me? How dare you shout my full name?!” 
Bethany was shocked by Carrie’s never-before-seen anger. 
This idiot had dared to talk back to her for the sake of a mere servant. 
Has she gone mad?!
###chapter576
Chapter 576
“You’ve hurt Linny. Apologize to her right now!” 
Carrie slowly stood up, her thin shoulders trembling with anger. Her gaze was as sharp as a knife as 
she glared at Bethany with a frightening, cold gleam. 
This had never happened before. 
“Apologize? Hahaha! In your dreams!” 
Little could Bethany foresee that before she even finished speaking, Carrie roared loudly and charged 
at her headfirst with all her strength, like an enraged calf. 
It happened too quickly, and no one reacted in time. Bethany was knocked off her feet. 
Bethany fell butt first and ended up sprawled on the floor like a turtle that had been flipped over. 
“Pfft-!” 
The helpers watching could not hold it in any longer and snickered. 
“Carrie Salvador!” Bethany was so angry that she was about to pop a vein. 
She quickly scrambled up from the ground. She felt so utterly humiliated that she wanted to rip Carrie 
into pieces. 
“You! Hurry up and hold her up! Quickly!” 
At Bethany’s command, the burly bootlicker female helpers, who usually waited upon her and 
Shannon, hurriedly ran over to hold Carrie up, one on each side.
“Let go of me! Let go!” Carrie struggled against them with all her might, her eyes red. 
But she was so thin that it was impossible for her to win against them. Both of her feet had even left the 
ground. 
“Bitch! Even God can’t help you this time!” 
Bethany glared at Carrie with bloodshot eyes as she rolled up her sleeves and rushed over to her. She 
raised her arm high and slapped the left side of Carrie’s face viciously, like she was facing an enemy. 
“Ah-!” 
Carrie instantly blacked out from the pain, and she moaned. The thin nightgown she was wearing was 
drenched with sweat. 
Bethany suddenly felt particularly satisfied when she saw Carrie i pain. 
She had finally managed to vent the frustration she had suppressed for too long on Carrie’s weak little 
body. 
“How could blush look good on only one side? I’ll help you with the other side!” Bethany raised her 
hand to slap the other side of Carrie’s face. 
“I dare you to touch her again!” 
A thunderous voice, as cold as ice, rang out. 
Everyone turned their heads to the door and gasped. 
Bethany was so shocked when she heard the familiar voice that her heart almost leaped out of her 
throat.
She wanted to quickly drop her “weapon”, but no matter how quickly she did it, it was already too late. 
She could only watch as that tall, handsome figure walked in through the manor’s doors, a cold and 
murderous air about him. 
“R-Ryan-” Bethany hurriedly retracted her hand, and the face that was still twisted with viciousness a 
moment ago immediately turned docile and meek. 
Carrie opened her eyes, which had been blurred with tears, and watched Ryan walk toward her, his 
gaze unwaveringly on her. 
Instantly, it was like all her strength had left her and like she was seeing the light at the end of the 
tunnel as she panted lightly. 
“Ryan…” 
A hysterical madness filled Ryan at Carrie’s weak call of his name. 
At that instant, his breath hitched, and he felt like his heart was being torn apart. 
It was extremely painful.
###chapter577
Chapter 577
“Let her go.” 
Ryan looked at the two helpers holding Carrie up with a chilling, murderous gaze. His voice was low. 
The two helpers were nervous, and they cast a pleading gaze at Bethany. 
When Bethany saw Ryan ordering her people around, she realized he was obviously concerned for 
that bitch, Carrie! 
Initially, Bethany had already sounded the retreat in her mind. This was Ryan Hoffman-the love of her 
life! How could she not be afraid? 
But she suddenly remembered that because of Zoe Hoffman, she and her mother’s ties with the 
Hoffmans had completely soured. There was no way Ryan would fall for her anymore. 
Besides, this was the Salvador residence-her home! 
Even if Ryan wanted to back Carrie up, could his reach extend that far? With what right? 
Thus, all of Bethany’s hate and resentment reared back to life, and she said through gritted teeth, 
“You’re not allowed to let her go! This is the Salvador residence, and you are my servants, so you have 
to listen to me-” 
Unexpectedly, before she even finished speaking, she heard a scream. 
One of the helpers who had been restraining Carrie was sent flying with a kick from Ryan in the blink of 
an eye. 
She landed quite a few meters away.
Bethany froze with fear when she saw the helper fly through the air and fall to the ground like a ball. 
The other helper hurriedly let go of Carrie when she saw this and repeatedly bowed to Ryan, 
apologizing. Her body bent like a blade of grass. 
“M-Mr. Hoffman… I’m sorry! But we were just listening to orders-Ah!” 
There was another scream. 
Ryan had also kicked her far away, breaking two of her ribs. 
Bethany screamed in fright. 
She thought the “Prince of Savrow”, who was also nicknamed the 
Grim Reaper” in the rumors, was just for jokes. 
Now, she realized that she was just an ignorant youth. 
Everyone was stunned, and the hall was as silent as a grave. 
“Ryan…” Carrie’s lashes fluttered, and her knees gave out. She fell toward Ryan. 
Ryan’s eyes widened, and he deftly caught her in his arms, hooking an arm around her slim waist. 
He hugged her tightly, stroking her shuddering spine with his big, warm palm. 
“I’m here. You’re okay now.” 
Bethany’s face twisted with jealousy as she clenched her hands tightly into fists. Her sharp nails had 
already broken the skin of her palm.
“It hurts…” Carrie moaned weakly. 
“Where does it hurt?” Ryan’s heart wrenched. 
“Hurts…” She could only moan that it hurt, as if she had not heard him at all. 
It was only then that Shannon arrived late on the scene, having gotten dressed and done her hair. 
She had just walked halfway down the stairs when she saw Ryan confronting Bethany, while the 
person he held in his arms and tenderly cared for was actually Carrie! 
Shannon frowned. 
Suddenly realizing something, Shannon tiptoed back up the stairs and hid herself in a corner to spy on 
everything happening downstairs. 
“Bethany Salvador.” 
Ryan looked up sharply at Bethany, his gaze dark and menacing. “You just got out of jail. Do you want 
to go in to enjoy their cold comforts again?”
###chapter578
Chapter 578
“I…” Bethany was so scared by Ryan’s terrifying expression that she did not even dare to breathe too 
loudly. She took two steps back. 
“Since you’re so forgetful, I’ll warn you one last time before all these people.” 
Ryan’s gaze held a wolf-like viciousness as a dark expression overtook his handsome face. “I care very 
much about Carrie. Whoever dares to bully her will be crossing me and my family!” 
His words resonated through the hall. 
Bethany sweated profusely and turned pale. 
Unfortunately, Gregory was not here, and neither was Shannon. There was no one who would protect 
her. 
“You’ve been lucky thus far, not because you’re a Salvador, but because you didn’t cross my bottom 
line. But I’m telling you, Bethany Salvador, that the next time you dare to lay a finger on a single hair on 
Carrie’s head, I’ll make sure you spend the rest of your life in jail. Even Chairman Salvador won’t be 
able to help you!” 
Ryan held Carrie’s soft body with his left arm as his right hand clenched so hard that his bones were 
cracking. “When the time comes, don’t fucking blame me for disregarding the twenty-over years of 
friendship between our families!” 
As he spoke, he narrowed his eyes slightly and glanced upstairs. 
Shannon could sense his cold, bloodthirsty gaze. She panicked, scrambling a few steps back.
She thought, ‘Wait, why was I panicking ?! I’m the lady of this house and Ryan’s elder. Why should I be 
afraid of him?!’ 
Bethany was unable to speak, having been condemned to silence by Ryan. 
Although the surrounding employees were expressionless, she knew everyone was laughing at her on 
the inside! 
“Carrie, come with me. I’ll take you to Justin, or if not, Bella. Okay?” Ryan spoke softly into Carrie’s ear. 
Carrie was dizzy and just nodded at whatever he said. 
She was very well-behaved. 
Ryan’s eyes darkened, and he picked Carrie up bridal style, disregarding the others’ gazes, and strode 
outside. 
“Ryan Hoffman! You can’t take her away!” 
Bethany screamed in fury. “She’s a Salvador. You can’t just take her away like this! Have you asked my 
dad or my mom?!” 
Naturally, Bethany did not want Carrie to go with Ryan. She would be so jealous that she would not be 
able to sleep for three days and three nights. 
“I want to take Carrie with me, and Carrie wants to come with me too. So why can’t I?” 
Ryan sneered coldly, glaring at Bethany with the utmost contempt.” 
Also, do I need to ask your mother? If she didn’t agree, she would have come down long ago to stop 
me, wouldn’t she?”
It was as if Bethany had been struck by thunder when she heard this. 
In her daze, Ryan left with Carrie without looking back. 
Outside, the cold wind was biting. 
Ryan had always been careless in his actions and the way he spoke. 
He was only extremely careful with Carrie. 
He rubbed her arm repeatedly, back and forth, afraid that she would feel cold and wishing he could 
transfer all his body heat to her. 
Carrie peacefully leaned her head against his broad chest and nuzzled lightly against it in a reliant 
manner. 
Ryan swallowed. 
He liked this feeling of being trusted and depended upon. 
When Yasmin saw her boss carrying Carrie over, she smiled knowingly and immediately opened the 
door respectfully. 
Just as Ryan was about to get into the car with Carrie in his arm Linny ran outside. 
“Mr. Hoffman! Wait, Mr. Hoffman!”
###chapter579
Chapter 579
Yasmin was not only Ryan’s secretary, but also his professional bodyguard. When she saw someone 
rush toward him, she frowned and immediately stepped in front of Ryan. 
However, Linny kneeled in front of them. 
Ryan and Yasmin were surprised. 
“Mr. Hoffman! Please help Ms. Carrie!” Linny cried as she kneeled on the cold, hard ground. 
“Help her up, Yasmin.” 
Ryan frowned slightly. “You can say what you want to say standing up.” 
Yasmin was about to lean down to help Linny up, but Linny shook her head vigorously, refusing to get 
up. “If you don’t promise help Ms. Carrie, I won’t get up! I know that I’m just a mere you’ll and an ant in 
your eyes, but even if I have to risk my insignificant hope I can help Ms. Carrie just once!” 
“What on earth happened?” Ryan’s heart clenched as he asked seriously. 
Linny wiped her tears away with force and shuffled forward on her knees before raising a hand to 
carefully roll up Carrie’s sleeve. 
Instantly, Ryan and Yasmin’s eyes widened! 
They saw how Carrie’s pale, slender arm was covered in bruises and scars. It was a heart-wrenching 
sight. 
Ryan was instantly filled with rage. His arm muscles were so tense that they looked like they were 
about to burst out of his shirt.
“Who did this?” 
He squeezed out just three words in his fury. 
Yasmin’s heart trembled. 
No one understood Ryan better than Yasmin did. Often, when he said something calmly and lightly, 
that was when he was truly furious. 
“It was Bethany Salvador!” 
Linny could not care less and called Bethany by her full name. She teared up as she added, “Bethany 
Salvador has been oppressing and bullying Ms. Carrie at home, just because she has the chairman 
and his wife’s favor! Bethany verbally and physically abused Ms. Carrie… 
She’s the devil! She doesn’t dare touch Ms. Carrie when Young Master Justin is at home because he’s 
more powerful than she is. But Youn 
Master Justin is the president of Salvador Corporation and stays only two nights every month at 
Tideview Manor. He can protect Ms. Carrie during his stays, but he can’t protect her the whole time!” 
Ryan frowned deeper the more he heard. 
Even Yasmin’s hand had clenched into a fist. 
“Mr. Hoffman, you’re Young Master Justin’s best friend. I can tell that you’re sincerely good to Ms. 
Carrie, so please help her! Please protect her!” Linny sobbed uncontrollably. 
“Alright, I promise I’ll take care of her.”
Ryan took a deep breath and looked at the pitiful girl in his arms, heart pounding hard. The burden on 
his shoulders was heavy. 
“As long as I live, I’ll protect her.” 
Thus, Carrie was taken away by Ryan in such a grand manner. 
He had even humiliated Bethany in front of so many people. 
Although this happened at home, Bethany felt that Ryan had trampled her queenly dignity at home into 
the dust. 
Bethany thought, ‘Why… Why did even that idiot have a knight in shining armor? Only I didn’t! From 
looks to pedigree and talent, in what way am I inferior to Carrie Salvador?! Ryan would rather go for a 
fool like Carrie than me. Was he concussed?’ 
She was about to burst with anger, so she could only take it out on 
Carrie’s helper, Linny. Not only did she punish Linny to clean alle toilets in Tideview Manor tonight, but 
she also took away Linny’s of-year bonus. 
“That’s enough! Look at how evil and fierce you look. You look eve more like a bitch than that shrew, 
Bella Thompson! No wonder Ryan was never interested in you. Even I feel irritated to look at you right 
now!”
###chapter580
Chapter 580
Shannon sat leisurely on the sofa, filing her bright red nails. 
Bethany was panting with anger, but she could vaguely sense that her mother’s attitude was somewhat 
strange. 
In the past, when Bethany had suffered such utter humiliation, Shannon would have stepped up to help 
her maintain her dignity. 
After all, Bethany was Shannon’s favorite daughter, and this was the 
Salvador residence. How could she allow others to do as they please on her own territory? 
But this time, Shannon was too calm. 
There had been such a big commotion downstairs that Shannon had to have heard it. So why had she 
not come down to help Bethany? 
“Bethany, I don’t want to see a repeat of something like this in this house ever again. Carrie is my child 
too. You two are blood-rela sisters. How could you hit her in front of everybody? If your father a 
grandfather heard about this, they would definitely blame me for n raising you right. You’re already 25 
years old, so how could you act a recklessly as a maniac? You keep saying that your sister is retarded, 
but I think you’re not that far off either!” Shannon criticized her. 
“Mom!” 
Bethany stormed up to Shannon and asked her with a fixed glare.” When Mr. Hoffman and I were 
arguing downstairs, did you see everything?”
Shannon raised a thin eyebrow. “Yes. Why?” 
“So you just watched? You saw everything, but you didn’t help me?!” 
Bethany was furious. “You didn’t help me-fine. Whatever. But you even allowed Ryan to take Carrie 
away? How could you do this?!” 
“Why can’t I?” Shannon retorted with a sneer, shocking Bethany. 
“Mom… You…” 
“Even I’ve given up on Ryan. You still haven’t? Tsk, tsk. I’m amazed at how I managed to give birth to a 
stupid, lovesick failure like you, despite being so sensible and intelligent myself.” 
Shannon shook her head as she looked at Bethany in disdain. “With the current situation, I can’t place 
all my hopes on you anymore. You’re a useless fool. Since Ryan is interested in your sister, I’ll just 
have to go with the flow and support them. Either way, Carrie’s my child too. It’s surprising that Ryan 
doesn’t mind that she has congenital deficiencies and is so attached to her. But since that’s the case, 
there’s nothing I can do about it. After all, if your sister really becomes a couple with Ryan, wouldn’t 
you, as her older sister, benefit too?” 
Boom-! 
Bethany blacked out for a second, and all she could hear was buzzing. 
What did that mean? 
Support them?! 
Bethany thought, ‘Mom wanted to support Carrie? Then what about me? What would that make me?! 
Am I just a pawn to be thrown away after Mom is done using me? Am I a joke?!’
“Carrie cannot be with Ryan! Absolutely not! I won’t allow it!” Bethany roared at Shannon like a rabid 
dog, trembling all over. 
This was the first time that she had gotten so angry at the mother she respected so much. 
Shannon’s eyes darkened as she picked up the glass of red wine on the coffee table beside her and 
stood up to splash it at Bethany’s face. 
It splashed all over Bethany, making her look like a mess. 
Bethany was dumbfounded as she stared vacantly at Shannon, red wine dripping down her cheek. 
“Who said you could yell at your mother? Where’s your manners?!” 
Shannon raised her eyebrows, crushing the expensive wine glass in her hand without hesitation. “If 
you’re not satisfied about this, then make sure you make Ryan Hoffman fall for you! But I can tell you, 
based on my experience, you should stop dreaming! Ryan will never fall for you, even if you were the 
last woman left on this earth!” 
With that, Shannon left with a huff. 
Her mother’s last sentence shattered the last bit of Bethany’s self- esteem as well as the last remaining 
bit of her conscience. 
Bethany’s eyes were red and unblinking as she slowly squatted down to pick up a shard of glass and 
clenched her hand around it viciously, uncaring even when blood began to flow. 
It was as if she had her hands wrapped around Carrie’s throat. 
“The last woman left on earth? Haha… Then I should make that a reality. They should all just die! And 
when they’re all dead, Ryan will be mine!”
###chapter581
Ryan held Carrie and got into the backseat of his car while Yasmin got into the driver’s seat. The luxury 
car pulled out of Tideview Manor. 
Ryan continued to hold Carrie in the car, gently stroking her cool, silky hair. His heart ached for her. He 
originally came to find Justin for a drink, but he unexpectedly walked into such a commotion as soon as 
he entered the door. 
Ryan recalled Linny’s words with a heavy heart as he looked at the scars on Carrie’s arm. His eyes 
were filled with anger. The blood in his veins appeared to solidify into icy, sharp blades that pierced his 
lungs, causing vivid and intense pain throughout his body. 
The pain he felt was truly unprecedented. 
His past emotional trauma with Bella left him deeply hurt. However, that pain was nothing compared to 
the heartache he felt at that 
moment. 
Ryan took a deep breath to calm himself and rested his chin on 
Carrie’s head. He slowly closed his eyes, which were reddened with 
anger. 
He thought to himself, ‘Carrie, I said I would protect you, and I have always kept my promises.” 
“Mr. Hoffman, where are we heading next?” Yasmin asked softly, looking at Ryan through the rearview 
mirror with her beautiful eyes.
The question appeared to have caught Ryan off guard and left him. lost in thought. 
Even though he had just told Bethany that he was going to take Carrie away, it was not possible for him 
to take this respectable young woman home. Justin would skin him alive if he found out. 
“Carrie, should I take you to Justin? Or should I take you to see your sister-in-law? You can stay with 
her tonight.” Ryan asked softly, lowering his long lashes. 
Carrie furrowed her brow and reached to cover her left ear, not giving 
any response. 
“Carrie? Carrie?” Ryan called her several times, but she was 
unresponsive, as if she had not heard him at all. 
She kept crying out, “It hurts… It hurts… 
“Where does it hurt?” 
Carrie raised her eyes slowly, Bethany’s palm print still visible on her 
cheek. 
When their eyes met, her doe-like eyes, soaked with tears, shimmered 
with a captivating radiance that stirred something in him. 
“Ryan, I’m sorry… I realize you are speaking to me, but I’m sorry, I 
can’t hear you…” 
“Can’t hear? What do you mean you can’t hear me?!” Ryan asked
urgently. 
Carrie slowly opened the hand that had been covering her left ear in 
front of him. There was a trace of blood in the center of her palm. 
Ryan inhaled sharply. He felt a spasm of pain seize his chest, and his 
Change S 
thoughts were completely scrambled. “Yasmin, go to the hospital 
right away!” 
Back in Crescent Bay, Justin was led to the room where he used to 
reside. 
Nigel, Matt, Bella, and the personal doctor were all there, including 
lan, who had already gotten off work for the day. 
lan had hurried over without even changing out of his pajamas in the bitter cold after learning that 
Justin was injured. 
The scene became increasingly humorous as lan stood in front of 
these well-dressed people. He looked so at home in Crescent Bay.. 
The five people stood around Justin and stared at him speechlessly.
###chapter582
Bella could no longer contain her frustration anymore. Her delicate eyebrows furrowed slightly. 
She confronted Justin in front of Nigel. “What are you staring at? Don’t you realize the extent of your 
injuries? Hurry up and take off your clothes!” 
“In front of so many people?” Justin asked with a hesitant expression 
on his face. 
“What’s the matter? You’re a grown man. What are you afraid of? Is there something on your body that 
other men don’t have? Or perhaps there’s something other men have that you don’t.” 
Bella’s beautiful eyes were filled with impatience when she saw how shy he was. 
lan shuddered and thought to himself, ‘The young madam is 
unrelenting!’ 
In the past, Bella was always gentle with Justin. Now, it was 
completely different. She was more sharp-tongued. 
Justin raised his pale but handsome face. His charming eyes were 
filled with deep affection as he stared unwaveringly at Bella. He said 
with a bitter smile, “I didn’t mean that… I just think applying some 
medicine is a simple matter. There’s no need to make such a fuss
with so many people. It’s enough to have you by my 
my side.”. 
Bella’s beautiful eyes widened slightly, and she clenched her fingers in embarrassment and 
annoyance. 
Justin was truly shameless! 
Nigel let out a cough. “Perhaps Justin has a point. We’ve all gathered here in a hurry, and frankly, 
there’s nothing we can do to help. So let’s have Dr. Hunt and Bella stay here. Bella also has some 
medical knowledge and can assist Dr. Hunt if necessary. The rest of us should step aside.” 
The old man indeed had the foresight to set things up for his 
grandson. 
“You’re right. Bella’s got some medical knowledge too. She’s been by my side looking after me lately,” 
Justin acknowledged. 
Justin gave Bella a deep look, his smile growing more pronounced.” 
So, Dr. Hunt, you can leave the medicine here and take the night off. I only need Bella around.” 
Everyone turned their gaze toward Bella, each with an intriguing smile 
on their faces. Bella was so mad that she almost slapped Ju 
Eventually, Nigel and the others left, leaving Bella alone wit 
The room fell into an eerie silence.
“Take off your shirt.” Bella sighed heavily as she instructed with a 
cold tone. 
“Okay.” Justin complied and took off his shirt without saying a word. When he tried to remove the shirt 
that was torn to pieces by the whip, he inadvertently moved too vigorously, causing a pull on the 
wounds. at his back. The pain caused him to wince and groan in pain. 
Justin had done this intentionally. In reality, this slight pain did not bother him at all, being a seasoned 
soldier who had faced countless 
bloody battles. 
Since he knew he could not regain Bella’s love at the moment, it 
would be good to gain a little sympathy from her.. 
“Don’t move. I’ll help you.” Feeling anxious, Bella firmly pressed down. 
on his hand. 
Justin’s heart skipped a beat as he placed his hand on top of Bella’s. 
The warmth of his palm gradually seeped into her skin and into the depths of her heart, like soft ripples. 
“Alright, I’ll listen to you.” 
Bella was slightly stunned. She pursed her red lips and withdrew her hand from his large palm. “I have 
nothing to do with you. Why do you
listen to me? Lie down.” 
Justin calmly turned over and laid face down on the bed. 
Bella noticed that his shirt was stained red with blood. Some he 
gruesome wounds had already scabbed over and adhered to the fabric. Seeing this made her heart 
clench, and her eyes turned 
more crimson than the blood he shed. 
“What’s wrong? Did my injuries frighten you?” Justin asked with concern after noticing her hesitation. 
“It’s nothing. Stop moving around.” 
Bella took a deep breath, picked up the scissors from the bedside, and carefully cut away the fabric 
clinging to the wounds on Justin’s 
back.
###chapter583

Suddenly, Justin's eyes darkened with a hint of red.
At this moment, Bella once again gave him an inexplicable sense of familiarity, causing his heart to skip a beat.
She took the disinfectant and ointment from the medical kit left by Dr. Hunt and skillfully cleaned his wounds.
"Bella," Justin called out to her softly.
Bella maintained her elegant composure but applied the ointment with a bit more force as a warning.
Justin felt the increased pain and furrowed his brow, but he persisted. "Bella, you remind me of someone, an old acquaintance."
Bella was earnestly tending to his wounds and casually asked, "Who?"
"I don't know."
"Don't know? How is that possible?"
"Yeah, how is it possible? But I really don't know."
Justin laid on his side. His misty, starry eyes were dazed as he stared at the moon outside, lost in his memories.
Before him was a determined and stubborn woman.
"Back then, when I was a soldier in the peacekeeping force, I met her on the battlefield." Bella's hand, which was gripping the sterilized cotton, trembled violently at Justin's words. Her heartbeat intensified dramatically at that moment, and her face was pale with fear.
The room was so tranquil that she could hear her heart beating loudly. If this continued, she was afraid that she would reveal her identity with her abnormal reactions.
Fortunately, Justin had his back turned to her, so he could not see her currently exposed expression.
"That time, our brigade received the impossible mission of rescuing hostages trapped in a terrorist hub in Kridor. We had to transfer them to a safe house and escort them to the embassy in East Kridor."
He continued. "We had less than a hundred soldiers, but we attempted to take down a well- armed terrorist organization equipped with heavy firearms. Honestly, it was a suicide mission. At that time, I had no desires or attachments, so I never thought about coming back alive."
Justin laughed self-deprecatingly. He had a bitter smile as he continued, "If it weren't for encountering that little dove, I think I wouldn't have lived until now. She did her best to pull me back to the camp, and if it weren't for her encouragement, I would have given up." "Little... Dove?" Bella's voice trembled.
"Yeah. I don't know the name of the girl who saved me. She was wearing a white coat at the time and wore a mask that covered most of her face, only revealing a pair of beautiful and bright eyes. She was also a medical staff member, so I simply gave her a nickname."
'Little dove... I like that nickname,' Bella thought.
"Later, when I woke up from my coma, she had already left the camp, and I didn't even have the chance to ask for her name... It's such a pity."
Justin sighed helplessly and said, "Since I returned to Savrow, I have never stopped searching for the little dove's whereabouts. But despite using all my connections and means, it's like she evaporated from this world, leaving no trace at all."
Bella hurriedly pressed down on her fluttering heart. Her beautiful eyes widened, and her palms were sweaty. 'So, he had never forgotten me. He still remembered me.'
"So, when you were treating my wounds just now, I vaguely felt that you resembled the little dove. You reminded me of her."
"Hmph! Justin, you've had quite a few women in your heart over all these years." Bella suppressed her panicking heart and teased him. "If I remember correctly, you hadn't broken up with Rosalind when you were in the military, right?"
Justin pursed his thin lips in frustration. 'Why did this woman manage to connect everything to Rosalind every time I said something?"
Bella teased. "That's right. When you were in the military, you couldn't be with your loved one, and there was no way to alleviate your loneliness. Did you find a woman to take care of your physical needs?"
"Bella." Justin's tone carried a hint of displeasure.
"This is because you couldn't find that 'little dove'. If you had found her, who knows? You might have had a fling in the army back then," Bella chuckled coldly.
"Bella, please don't mock my lifesaver like this." Justin raised his eyebrows slightly and suddenly became serious. "Although I only had a brief encounter with the little dove, she holds an irreplaceable place in my heart. I swear, my feelings for her are only gratitude and respect. There aren't any romantic feelings between us. You can beat me, scold me, or trample my self-esteem into pieces, but I hope you can respect her."
###chapter584
Bella was stunned. Her erimson lips parted slightly, and her heart swelled in her chest for a moment. 
She had thought that she was the only one. She thought that the shared hardships and life-and-death 
experiences on the battlefield were etched into her heart alone. Little did she know that Justin had 
never forgotten her and had been searching for her. He had never given up on his pursuit. 
If it were any other woman, considering his capabilities, it would be impossible for her to remain 
untraceable for so many years. 
Unfortunately, the little dove he desperately searched for was none other than “Anna Brown”, the young 
heiress of KS Group who once married him. 
After parting ways with Justin at Kridor, Bella erased all traces of he whereabouts. Moreover, she had 
used a false identity when working with Doctors without Borders at the time. At that time, she wanted to 
avoid her father discovering her whereabouts and forcibly bringing her back to Hatchbay. 
Her mischievous and cunning nature, coupled with her many tricks, made it impossible for Justin to 
locate her, despite his extraordinary abilities. 
“Bella, why aren’t you saying anything? Was I too harsh just now?” When Justin noticed that Bella had 
kept silent, he panicked. He softened his tone and spoke gently. “I apologize if I misunderstood you. I 
was just eager to express my stance. The little dove is my 
lifesaver, and I truly have no inappropriate intentions toward her.” 
Upon hearing these words, Bella’s almond eyes darkened, and her lips. curled coldly. “Indeed, at that 
time, you were passionately in love with Rosalind. To be with her, you had repeatedly argued with your
grandfather. You even neglected everything for her, becoming depressed.” 
“How could you spare a thought for another woman in your eyes at 
that time? Even if it was the little dove who saved your life, you wouldn’t have regarded her as a 
woman, would you?” 
Each word carried a sting as it touched on the sensitive topic, piercing Justin’s heart. 
Unable to bear it any longer, Justin abruptly sat up from the bed, startling Bella with a soft exclamation. 
Immediately, their eyes met, his gaze burning with intensity and entwining with hers. 
Bella took a breath, and the cotton in her hand fell off. 
Justin seized the opportunity to clasp her hand tightly. The f his grip caused her delicate fingers to 
gradually redden under the 
pressure. 
“Justin! What are you doing? It hurts!” 
“Bella, I’ve indeed made too many mistakes in the past, and I regret it vvery much. I’ve been repenting 
and constantly trying to find a way to make amends with you. I know you won’t forgive me easily or 
accept rme. So, I’m prepared to pursue you forever, until the day my heart stoops beating.” 
Chapte 
Justin’s voice was dry, and a tinge of painful determination surfaced in his eyes. “You chased after me 
for thirteen years, and I’m ready to chase after you for the rest of my life.”
Justin continued, “Bella, whether you accept it or not, you won’t be able to shake me off in this lifetime. 
I am yours!” 
Bella’s eyes widened in amazement, her chest heaved, and her heart pounded wildly. 
How could she not have noticed that this man was so shameless, clingy, and persistent? Now he 
claimed to be hers and even wanted to offer himself to her. However, she found him undesirable. He 
was old, blind, and second-hand goods! 
“Forever? Mr. Salvador, this can’t be the first time you’ve made such a commitment to a woman, right? 
You said it with such ease that it 
sounds so smooth and natural.” 
Bella suppressed her thumping heart. Her eyes were red as 
open his fingers one by one. 
“Back then, when you were sweet-talking Rosalind, did you ma such promises?” 
ed 
She continued, “Do you remember how many times you said in fron of me that your wife could only be 
Rosalind? You said it yourself and swore an oath. How can you discard the woman you swore to love 
with all your heart? Who would believe your so-called promises anymore?” Bella laughed mockingly, 
with tears welling up from her red eyes. 
Justin felt that he had hurt her too deeply. 
Even if he regretted his actions and tried his best to make amends, the memories of Rosalind would 
always be on Bella’s mind.
He felt incredibly tormented, like a nightmare he could not wake up from. 
Justin looked into Bella’s emotionless eyes and felt a heart-stabbing pain. 
When she pried open his hand, he felt as if each finger was being broken one by one, causing him to 
feel immense pain. 
“Once, we were legally married. You were my man, but you never tr belonged to me. Now you’re 
babbling about all these irrelevant things. Do you think I’ll be moved? Do you think I would cherish such 
nonsense? If you want to be shameless, go ahead. If you want to pursue me for a lifetime, that’s your 
business. Just stop telling me that.” Bella felt bitterness on her tongue. Her voice inexplicably 
choked up. 
“Fine, I won’t say it anymore. I won’t say it again.”
###chapter585
Chanter 585 
Jussim could not bear to see. Bella like this. He quickly keelt on one 
keem Tront of her. 
The muscles in his throat were trempling as he raiseedhiss face. His 
cod and stem eyes were filled with deep affection for heen 
Them he cx her hand, planting a deep kiss on the back of fit Boella’s pupils shank, and her ear tips 
turned embarrassingly rec. Foraa 
momem sie forgot to pull her hand away. 
“I’m sorry. It’s all my fault. talked too much and said something 
stupid. Bella, please corgive me this time, okay?” Justin furrowed hiss 
handsome brows siinty 
He gazed deepiyimonerwatery eyes his eyes filled with sincere 
apologies. 
‘Goodness! Is this the same Jussin Salvador wito strides wit 
confidence in Savrow? Is this the same man wito was decisiv 
business and commanded the respect of the Salvador Corpo 
He’s now humbling himself somuron Bella thought.
“Cough, cough…” Bella’s ears were numing red, and she cleared h 
throat lightly. 
She did not say whether she forgave him arot She only lowered her 
eyelashes and gazed at the strong and handsome man kneeling 
before her. 
In her heart, she was secretly delighted! 
“What happened to you tonight? How could you be so cowardly and just stand there being beaten by 
your father?” 
Bella raised her eyebrows, anger raging within her. She couldn’t help but poke at his forehead. 
She said in a harsh tone, “You’re already 30 years old. Can’t you fight 
back or resist? Is this a father and son relationship, or more like a master and slave?” 
“Do you feel sorry for me?” Justin squinted his sultry eyes. 
ac 
“You saved my life, and you’re my patient. As a compassionate doctor, it’s only reasonable for me to 
care about your well-being.” Bella retorted stubbornly. 
“So, you do feel sorry for me.” Justin’s eyes were tender, and a smile played on his thin lips. “A beating 
in exchange for a word of concern from you. I think I’ve made a profit.” 
“Huh?!” Bella laughed in frustration.
‘This man! If he has time, he should go to the hospital and check if 
there is brain damage or cerebellar atrophy!’ Bella thought. 
On the other hand, Ryan rushed Carrie to the nearest hospital as fast 
as he could. 
He held Carrie tightly until they saw a doctor. His charming eyes were 
crimson as a storm brewed within him. 
Ryan always treaded between the gray areas of society, so he would 
normally stay calm in the face of calamity. 
It was rare for him to be so anxious and worried about a woman. 
Yasmin followed closely behind her boss. She looked at Ryan’s tense and handsome back with a faint 
smile of satisfaction on her lips. 
Carrie was truly an angel. She turned the ruthless and bloodthirsty Ryan into someone with a heart and 
emotions. 
“TL 
“Mr. Hoffman, all the doctors have gone home for the night. If you go to the emergency department, we 
can find a doctor for you.” The nurse recognized Ryan. Despite his imposing figure, she trembled and 
panicked.
“If I don’t see the best doctor in your hospital within ten minutes, I’ll fucking tear this place down and 
build a nightclub!” 
Ryan glared at her with bloodshot eyes, his roar echoing through the 
entire hospital lobby. “Why the fuck aren’t you looking for him now) 
The nurse was so scared that her face turned pale, and she hurriedly 
went to call a doctor. 
All medical staff kept their distance from Ryan. Even the patients 
moved farther away, afraid that they might not be able to survive his 
tyranny. 
“Carrie, is it still hurting?” Ryan’s heart was burning with anxiety. 
Carrie’s nightgown was soaked through due to Ryan’s sweaty palms. 
Carrie just frowned, silently shedding tears. 
Each drop of tear hit the man’s chest, and it hurt him so much that 
flames of anger surged in his eyes. He gritted his teeth, almost 
crushing his molars. 
“Mr. Hoffman, you’ve forgotten. Ms. Carrie was slapped by Bethany, and her hearing is now severely 
affected. She probably didn’t mean to ignore you.” Yasmin anxiously reminded Ryan from the side. 
This reminder struck a chord. Ryan felt like returning to Tideview Manor to kill Bethany.
###chapter586
“If anything happens to Carrie, I swear I will gouge out that bitch’s eyeballs and stuff them back into her 
ears!” 
Watching Carrie’s small face turn pale due to pain, Ryan’s heart felt like it was pierced by an icicle. 
He couldn’t help but lower his eyes and kiss her sweaty forehead. 
After Ryan created a scene, Carrie was admitted to the ENT department within 10 minutes. 
The doctor nervously conducted a series of examinations for Carrie 
as Ryan and Yasmin watched from the side anxiously. 
“Doctor, what’s the situation?” Ryan asked because he couldn’t hold 
back any longer. 
“The external trauma caused her eardrum to be perforated 
The doctor answered truthfully. “I encountered several cases 
every week. Most of them were caused by slaps. Some severe 
can even lead to lifelong complications like tinnitus.” 
Ryan’s and Yasmin’s faces changed dramatically. 
When Ryan heard the words “lifelong complications”, his heart shrank 
in fear.
“Doctor, can it be treated? Can she fully recover?” Yasmin asked 
anxiously, showing concern for Carrie as if she were her sister. 
“Don’t worry, both of you. I can see that the extent of this young lady’s eardrum perforation is not too 
serious. With prompt medical treatment, a full recovery should be possible.” 
Ryan’s eyebrows furrowed, and his voice deepened. “Should be?” 
“I’m certain that it can be cured. As long as the surgery is performed and proper medication is 
administered, it will definitely heal. We just need to make sure there is no excessive exertion or 
exposure to 
water during the recovery period.” 
The doctor was frightened by Ryan’s stern gaze and dared not be ambiguous. 
“That had better be the case.” Ryan stood in front of Carrie, encircling her trembling body in his arms. 
His gaze was cold as he glanced at the doctor and said, “Otherwise, 
this will be your last patient in your career.” 
The doctor nodded obediently. 
Ryan bent down and patiently patted Carrie’s back. His lips. approached her uninjured right ear, gently 
consoling, “Don’t be afra I’m here, and I won’t let anything happen to you. I will ensure you 
return safely to Justin.” 
Yasmin watched this heartwarming scene from the side. She was usually cold and indifferent, yet 
watching this made her tear up.
“Ryan… I just heard that I have to undergo surgery.” Carrie.had adapted to her condition and could 
vaguely hear the words spoken. 
She was terrified, and her slender arms immediately embraced Ryan’s 
sturdy waist.. 
Ryan’s heart immediately softened. He spoke gently. “Yes, you need a small surgery. It won’t hurt at 
all.” 
“I don’t want to… I don’t want surgery… I don’t want to be 
hospitalized! I don’t want it!” 
Ryan’s heart throbbed violently as a surge of hidden passion came 
over him. His fingertips caressed Carrie’s back, and a burning desire flickered in his eyes. 
“Don’t worry. It’s just a minor surgery. I’ll be with you the entire time 
until you’re completely healed.” Ryan reassured her with unwavering 
confidence. 
Carrie resisted with a tearful voice, “But I don’t want to! I’d rather 
become deaf than stay in this place!” 
Yasmin keenly observed Carrie, who seemed to be particularly afrai 
of the hospital. It seemed that she had some hidden trauma.
“Carrie, are you sure? Do you really want to become deaf? If that 
happens, you won’t be able to hear anything I say to you in the future.” 
Carrie bit her cherry lips, hesitating. 
Ryan got down on one knee in front of Carrie. He took her slightly 
cool hand and clenched it. 
With unprecedented patience, he coaxed her, “Consider it for me, 
okay? Be good and have the surgery. Otherwise, Justin and Bella will surely skin me alive. Carrie, 
please have mercy on me, okay?” 
Ryan’s pitiful act worked like a charm. 
Chapter Sin 
Carrie wiped her tearful eyes and nodded slowly.
###chapter587
Bella had just applied medicine for Justin when Matt entered. 
“Young Master Justin, how are you feeling?” 
“Very well. Thanks to Bella.” Justin said this as he looked affectionately at Bella. 
Bella subtly shifted her body to the side. This man was once as cool as a monk in deep meditation. Yet 
now he seemed to be emitting desperate vibes, seizing every opportunity to flirt with her. 
“Ms. Thompson, I’m really grateful to you.” 
Matt was about to bow and express his gratitude to Bella. However, Bella swiftly moved to his side, 
using both hands to help him up. 
“Uncle Matt, please don’t be so polite. It’s what I should do.” 
“Ms. Thompson, you are still so kind to our young master.” Matt was not someone who liked to meddle 
in others’ affairs, but he couldn’t help but try to set them up at this moment. 
“Don’t get me wrong. I am dedicated to taking care of Justin because he is a very important person to 
Grandpa Nigel.” 
Bella smiled faintly and said, “Everything I do is for Grandpa Nigel.” 
Matt smiled awkwardly. On the other hand, Justin displayed a pampered expression. He was seemingly 
accustomed to Bella’s sharp -tongued remarks. 
In fact, he found amusement in it. No matter how cruel her words
were, her actions were always caring for him. 
“Young Master Justin, if you are feeling well, please visit the study. 
Old Master has something he wants to discuss with you,” Matt 
suggested. 
Justin raised an eyebrow in surprise and said, “Alright.” 
Then he turned to Bella and said softly, “Wait for me. I’ll be back 
soon.” 
“Hmph, who’s waiting for you? I’m leaving right now. Goodbye!” Bella 
raised her chin arrogantly and brushed past Justin. 
Though he felt the urge to grab her hand and keep her here, he 
restrained himself. 
He watched her leave the room with a melancholy expression, lips pursed. 
Meanwhile, Matt felt a mix of joy and regret when he noticed J 
attention fixed on Bella. 
“Uncle Matt, do you find me quite ridiculous now?” Justin sneered 
bitterly.
Justin had always regarded Matt as a family member since he was 
young, so he did not feel the need to be embarrassed. 
“I don’t think so, Young Master Justin.” 
Matt’s gaze carried the warmth of an elder as he spoke softly, “I also 
want to congratulate you for finally realizing your true feelings. Now 
that you are single and Ms. Thompson is single, you have a chance. I hope this time, you can love her 
as much as she once loved you. Ms. 
Thompson is an amazing woman. Please don’t disappoint her again.” 
After finishing his words, Matt bowed deeply to Justin. 
Justin felt a lump in his throat, and his lips trembled signay. Some tears welled up at the corner of his 
eye, but he managed to hold them 
back. 
“Uncle Matt, do you think there is still hope for me to win Bella beck?” 
Justin asked, and his voice choked with emotion. 
Upon hearing these words, a sudden image flashed in Marr’s mind 
He recalled when Bella’s legs were dripping with blood. When she 
was sent to the emergency room, she held his arm and pleaded for
him to keep it a secret from Justin. 
His pupils trembled, as if he were struck by lightning. 
“Young Master Justin, the road ahead may be difficult. But please, no matter what, don’t give up on Ms. 
Thompson,” Matt advised, 
Justin entered Nigel’s study alone. As soon as the door closed Bella’s delicate figure emerged at the 
corner of the stairs, and slowly crept into the corridor. 
She transformed into a mischievous kitten. Her footsteps were light and agile as she approached the 
study’s door. 
Bella looked left and right, then slowly pressed her elf-like ears tightly against the door. Her dark eyes 
glanced around playfully.
###chapter588

In the study, Nigel sat on the sofa. Nigel poured a cup of water for his grandson and personally brought it to him.
"Thank you, Grandpa."
Justin hurriedly took it with both hands. His demeanor was rather upright and solemn, showing no sign of weakness or illness.
He held the cup in his right hand, supporting the base of the cup with his left hand. He elegantly sipped the tea, displaying the refined manners of a noble young man.
"Justin, does your injury still hurt?" Nigel asked with concern.
"It's nothing serious, just superficial wounds."
In reality, Justin was somewhat affected by his old injuries.
He often felt congested in his chest, but he concealed it exceptionally well.
Justin smiled brightly and said, "Grandpa, don't worry. Your grandson is not that weak. I've been a soldier, after all."
"If you're not that weak, why didn't you resist? Your father clearly attacked you under the instigation of that vixen, Shannon. It was unreasonable. Why didn't you snatch the whip from him and slap it across Shannon's face?" Nigel asked indignantly.
This was the question he wanted to ask Justin when he called him over this time.
Justin lowered his eyes, gazing at his reflection in the cup.
Unexpectedly, he remained silent.
After a while, Nigel frowned and asked with a heart-wrenching voice, "Child, you are my grandson, the bloodline of the Salvador family. Do you still feel that you owe something to the family?"
Justin's sharp eyebrows twitched. He pressed his thin lips tightly together, a bitter expression settling on his face.
When he was 5 years old, he and his mother, who was on the brink of death due to illness, struggled to survive.
They suffered countless hardships in the filthy and foul-smelling slums.
One night, amidst a raging storm, a luxurious car forcefully intruded into his dark world. The dilapidated roof was leaking from all sides. The wooden door was effortlessly pushed open from the outside without a key.
At that time, the young Justin sat by the bedside, feeding water to his nearly lifeless mother.
Back then, Gregory was young, handsome, and full of vitality.
He wore a meticulously tailored suit. When he stepped into the room with his handmade leather shoes, not a single drop of water stained them.
The young Justin looked at the man, who seemed like a god descending from the heavens. He only had one thought amid his astonishment.
"Sir! I beg you, please save my mother!"
Gregory strode to the bedside. Upon seeing Justin's unconscious mother, his eyes turned crimson, and he embraced her with tears in his eyes.
"Mary... Mary... I'm sorry, I came too late. I've come to pick you up... Our son too."
Justin could never forget the deep affection that Gregory had when he brought his mother back to the Salvador family.
His love was as deep as the ocean, and he was determined to marry no one else but her.
Gregory disregarded family pressure and public opinion. He even let his illegitimate child be included in the family tree.
Justin couldn't understand. Did Gregory truly love his mother? If Gregory had loved her so much, he wouldn't have fallen for someone else. His mother would not have endured the torment of depression, leading to her tragic leap from the rooftop.
Justin often questioned himself. If his mother were to die, was it better to die on that rainy night plagued by illness or die heartbroken? Which was even more unfortunate?
"Child, you don't owe anything to the family. It's the Salvador family that owes you," Nigel said as he patted Justin's shoulder. His heart ached as tears welled up in his eyes. "It was all my fault for the tragedy back then. I knew your father was very fond of your mother, but at that time, Salvador Corporation faced a global economic crisis. Our assets were drastically reduced, and there were several major projects underway domestically that were forced to halt. There was a constant risk of the financial chain breaking. Therefore, I had to let your father enter into a business alliance with the Fowler family in Milford, allowing him to marry Isla Fowler, who is also your elder brother's mother."
Nigel continued, "Child, it's all Grandpa's fault. I made you suffer so much when you were young, Grandpa feels guilty."
"Grandpa, you're not wrong. What you did back then was for the greater good. I understand that you had your reasons," Justin said.
Justin was blaming Gregory. Nigel saw through Justin's thoughts and sighed in frustration.
"I didn't resist because of my elder brother. Before he left Savrow to recuperate in Meridan, he specifically instructed me not to strain my relationship with Gregory for his sake."
###chapter589
Justin slowly lifted his deep eyes, a glint of darkness flashing. “I have tolerated him up to my limits. But 
this is the last time. I won’t tolerate it again.” 
Nigel’s heart was filled with bimerness Memories that he could not bear to remember played vividly 
before his eyes. His weathered face was covered in the melancholy haze of sadness. 
“Grandpa, I’m sorry. I spoke without thinking. I shouldn’t have brought up your heartbreaking past.” 
Justin felt a sense of quilt in his heam and grasped his grandfather’s rough and dry hands tightly with 
his warm palms. “I know that if it 
weren’t for that incident, your preferred her would surely have been 
my elder brother. He grew up under your affectionate care, the 
grandson you placed great expectations on.” 
“Justin…” 
“Grandpa, I owe you and Grant.” 
Justin felt a tingling sensation in his nose and smiled gently. 
a grandfather who genuinely cares for me is something wouldn’t 
have dared to dream of when I was a child. I have no right to exped 
anything else.” 
“Justin, listen to Grandpa!”
Nigel let out a low growl, his trembling hands pressing firmly on 
Justin’s broad shoulders. They locked eyes, and his gaze was 
intense. “In my eyes, you are all equal. I love all my grandchildren 
Chap 580 
equally. As for the things you said, I couldn’t care less! Let me make it 
clear, you little rascal! Even if your elder brother comes back healthy, 
nothing will change. Even if everything that happened before never occurred, I would still choose you 
as the heir to the company.” 
“Grandpa… you…” Justin was startled. 
“Even if none of the Salvador family members support you, it doesn’t 
matter. 
I support you. I’ve got your back!” 
Outside the door, Bella eavesdropped with her ear pressed against the door. She was fully engrossed 
in listening to the conversation between Nigel and Justin.” 
Although she had good hearing, the soundproofing of the luxurious mansion’s door made it 
challenging. She struggled to catch the conversation clearly. 
Justin’s voice was like a mosquito buzzing, but Nigel’s voice 
resonated with vigor. Bella managed to pick up bits and pieces of
what he said. 
“Justin’s elder brother? Back then? What happened back then? It sounds like something happened.” 
During Bella’s three years at the Salvador’s residence, she had never seen Grant, Justin’s eldest 
brother. 
However, she had heard from Wilma that Grant was in poor health and spent the years recuperating in 
Meridan. 
Even the position as the family heir that originaaliy belonged to Grant was conceded to his half-brother. 
Ms Bella listened, she could not shake the feeding that Grant’s illness 
might be somehow related to Justin. 
Buttenly, the door to the study opened! 
Bela was still pondering and maintaining her eavestong posture. Inaware militer surroundings, she 
found herself crashing me Justin’s 
irmemurace 
Only then did she come to her senses. She let out a startled soream 
this moment. Nittel’s voice came from inside the room. Jussin s 
Bella quisite: 
No. Grantina, yupciany misheard. You should rest early,” Justim 
eplied.
As he spoke, Jusimswiftly placed his left hand behind his bl 
closing the doon quirky. 
He looked at her with assiant center expression in his eyes, 
shimmering like starligh 
Were you eavesdropping? 
Goodbye!” 
Bella was shrouded in the shadow usim’s intrusive presence. 
Anxious and disoriented, she turnediamintescape. 
Before she knew it, Justin’s right hand satttteniy reached out, deftly 
catching her slender waist.. 
He pulled her forcefully into his arms.
###chapter590
Chapter 590
Justin and Bella's bodies gradually warmed up as they were tightly pressed against each other.
They could both hear each other's heartbeat clearly.
Bella, realizing that she had been caught red-handed, felt a mix of embarrassment and annoyance.
Her ears turned red, and she struggled angrily, attempting to break free from his embrace.
Justin's gaze deepened, and his hand, tense with veins, slowly explored upward.
Closing his fingers, he gripped the thinnest and softest part of her waist.
"Answer me, hmm?"
"I just wanted to say goodbye to Grandpa Nigel! Who wants to hear your little secrets? Let go of me. I want to go back!" Bella blushed as she twisted her waist in resistance.
Justin stared at Bella without blinking. He felt a tingling sensation in his heart, as if light feathers were brushing over it.
Bella, with her flushed face and desperate attempts to justify herself, looked incredibly adorable.
The more he looked, the more captivated he became, and the more he fell in love.
"No secrets." Justin chuckled softly.
"Huh?" Bella's beautiful eyes widened slightly.
"I have no secrets from you."
Justin suddenly leaned down. His lips and warm breath approached her moist lips.
He almost couldn't control the impulsive urge to kiss her. "Whatever you want to know, I can answer you. As long as you want to listen, I'll tell you everything."
"Alright then, tell me, what happened between you and your eldest brother in the past?" Bella asked, unable to contain her curiosity as she blinked her beautiful eyes.
Justin's dark eyes tightened slightly, and his thin lips pursed together.
"Hmph! Men are such liars." Bella mocked him with a chuckle. "I guess you didn't mean what you just said about being honest and telling me everything, right?"
"After this busy period, I'll find a suitable time to tell you about what happened. You must be tired today, so you should go back and rest," Justin said.
Justin suddenly took advantage of her distraction and planted a gentle and restrained kiss on her smooth forehead.
It made her breathe erratically, and a ripple stirred in her heart.
"Good night, Bella."
Outside the villa at Crescent Bay, the temperature dropped suddenly.
Bella left in a hurry again.
Steven was afraid that she might get cold, so he brought a thick down jacket with him when he came to pick her up.
His feet were numb from waiting in the cold.
After a long time, Bella walked out of the villa's main gate.
"Ms. Bella!" Steven called out to her with a smile.
However, she did not respond. Her cheeks were red, and her eyes were misty as she walked forward.
"Ms. Bella!" Steven tugged her sleeve, full of concern. "Are you okay?"
Bella suddenly snapped out of her daze. "Oh, I'm fine... Thanks for picking me up. Let's get in the car."
The two of them got into the car, where the warm air was at full blast. There was a thermos of tea that Steven brewed himself.
Bella crossed her beautiful legs, sipping on the tea. Her almond-shaped eyes sparkled as she raised her hand and gently stroked her forehead where Justin had kissed her. It was as if there was still a lingering warmth from his lips.
"Steve, please help me investigate something tomorrow."
"What is it?"
"Go investigate the relationship between Justin and Grant Salvador. Look into what happened in the Salvador family before Grant left Savrow for Meridan."
Bella did not believe that Justin would be honest with her. She would get her answers, even if she had to dig deep.
###chapter591
Normally, an eardrum repair surgery required an appointment. However, Carrie’s surgery was brought 
forward to the next morning. 
The directors of the hospital were worried that Ryan would acquire 
the hospital and transform it into a nightclub. 
Ryan did not say much the previous night. 
He even skipped breakfast and stood in the hallway, waiting patiently. 
Seeing how restless Ryan was, Yasmin had no choice but to 
accompany her boss without eating or drinking. 
For the past decade, this beautiful and alluring woman has lived as Ryan’s shadow and secret guard. 
Ryan lived a promiscuous lifestyle, and he changed girlfriends as quickly as he changed clothes. The 
sole exception was his female 
secretary. 
Whenever Ryan attended significant events that required a female companion, he never brought 
anyone else but Yasmin. Some ignorant individuals would even mistake her for Ryan’s girlfriend. 
Ryan often couldn’t be bothered to explain and would simply laugh heartily while saying, “Brother, 
you’ve got a good eye!” 
However, Yasmin understood their situation all too well.
It was impossible between her and Ryan Their relationship was purely employer-employee. 
She knew Ryan very well. Despite his flirtatious nature, he made it 
clear from the beginning with every woman he was with. 
He only engaged in flings and refused to marry them. 
Even if he were to marry, he would imitate Wyatt Thompson from 
Hatchbay with his four wives. 
In fact, he would double it! 
But this time, Ryan’s attitude toward Carrie exceeded her 
understanding of him! 
“Mr. Hoffman, the surgery will take a while. Please sit down and rest.” 
Yasmin warmly advised him from the side. 
“I’m not tired.” Ryan stared at the door of the operating room, hist 
heart filled with anxiety. 
“It’s just a minor surgery with almost no failure rate. You really don’t need to worry too much…” 
“How can I not worry? What if her hearing declines? What if there are other complications? What if her 
hearing gets worse than the other 
old ladies when she’s older?”
Ryan roared out his concerns. Yasmin couldn’t help but feel that she might be the one who needed 
hearing aids instead of Carrie. 
“Damn it, Bethany!” Ryan glared with bloodthirsty, crimson eyes. 
He punched the wall and swore, “I won’t let this slide, I’ll break Bethany’s ribs, regardless of whether 
Carrie’s ears get better.” 
Yasmin shivered. She hesitated for a moment before summoning her 
courage to ask, “Mr. Hoffman, can I ask you a question?” 
“What?” 
“Have you fallen for Ms. Carrie?” 
Ryan was stunned. His heartbeat was pounding hard against his ribs. 
‘Do I love her?’ he thought. 
Indeed, he had fallen in love with Carrie, and it seemed that he could no longer hide behind the excuse 
that she was just Justin’s sister. 
Her every frown and smile tickled his heart, and her silly appearance 
amused him. 
She aroused his frozen heart with affection and gave him a strong 
desire to protect her. 
However, Carrie was Shannon’s daughter.
This fact alone was enough to leave an insurmountable gap between 
them. 
“Yasmin, I do like Carrie, but that’s as far as it can go.” 
Ryan pressed his hands against the wall and hung his head. 
His knuckles, which had struck the wall, were still slightly swollen and 
bruised. 
They were just as red as his eyes at this moment.
###chapter592
“Is it because she is Shannon’s daughter?” Yasmin asked.
“Yes,” Ryan’s voice was hoarse.
“But if you genuinely like Ms. Carrie, you should try being with her.”
Yasmin felt a sense of urgency for Ryan. He rarely opened up his heart, and Carrie was such an adorable girl. Thus, Yasmin did not want Ryan to miss out on this opportunity.
“Being together with Ms. Carrie is a way to rescue her from misery. If you were her boyfriend, Bethany wouldn’t dare act recklessly.”
“Does she dare to be reckless now?” Ryan’s charming eyes darkened.
“But it’s always better to have Ms. Carrie by your side at all times. Think about it. If Ms. Carrie becomes your wife, that alone would stump Bethany. At that time, even if you’re not by the young madam’s side, Bethany won’t dare do anything to her. If Bethany dares touch a single hair on the young madam’s head, she will be going against the entire Hoffman family. Even if you don’t speak up, I’ll deal with Bethany myself.”
Yasmin changed her tune quite swiftly, calling Carrie the young madam. She genuinely wanted to match them up.
“But have you considered the consequences if I’m with Carrie? It’s equivalent to an alliance between the Hoffman Group and Salvador Corporation. What kind of changes will occur in the power dynamics between our families?”
Ryan turned slowly, his eyes bloodshot but exceptionally bright. “Right now, Carrie is contending with Uncle Liam for control of the Hoffman Group. Justin isn’t in a much better position within the Salvador Corporation either. Have you considered how Justin would feel if he married Shannon’s daughter at this juncture? My overly ambitious second uncle is bound to seize the opportunity to work with Brameron and challenge my authority. My chances of winning would be even slimmer! Who knows... It might even drag Justin into the process!”
Yasmin’s heart clenched. “Mr. Hoffman...”
“Yasmin, I will never forget how my father died.” Ryan slowly sank to a bench, like a listless old man, cradling his head in agony. “I will never forget the night my mother screamed about my father’s plane crash. It was raining heavily that night. She stood alone in the pouring rain, crying the whole night. I also can’t forget the sight of my second uncle hiding in the shadows at the funeral, unable to contain his joy. I will never let Liam take control of the Hoffman Group. I won’t allow anyone to hinder my plan to dominate the Hoffman Group!”
Yasmin kneeled before him. She lifted her trembling hand and gently soothed his back, which heaved violently with anger.
“Yasmin, what my father lost, I will reclaim in his stead, one by one… Before that, I won’t make a wrong move. I can’t afford to lose!”
Belle arrived at the KS World Hotel in the morning to finalize the arrangements for Celeste’s birthday banquet. As soon as she entered the reception, Justin called.
“Ms. Salvador, is there something you need?”
Belle’s tone remained as cold and indifferent as ever, as if the tender intimacy from last night’s kiss had never happened.
“Belle...” Justin’s voice was gentle.
“Don’t call me Belle. To you, I’m Ms. Thompson.” Belle’s red lips curled into a smirk.
“Did Grandpa Nigel call you?”
“Grandpa? No, he didn’t. Did something happen to Grandpa Nigel?”
Belle’s nerves tensed at the mention of Nigel.
“It’s not Grandpa who’s in trouble. It’s Carrie.”
“Carrie?”
“Last night, she didn’t return to Hideview Manor and spent the night in my private villa. Grandpa just called to ask why Ryan had taken Carrie away. That’s how I found out about the incident at home last night,” Justin’s voice revealed a hint of weariness and some anger. “I just tried to contact Ryan, but can’t reach him.”
“He’s dead… I’m going to kill him.” Belle stood up abruptly, her beautiful eyes wide open with rage.
She slammed her palm on the table. “That scoundrel had no good intentions when he took Carrie to the ball last time. You insisted on defending him, saying he wasn’t that kind of person! I can see he’s nothing but a perverted wolf in sheep’s clothing!”
###chapter593
Justin explained, “Bella, Ryan and I grew up together, so 
him well enough. He likes women, but not just any woman.” 
Justin was torn between consoling her and defending his best friend. “Besides, Carrie is my sister. He 
won’t lay a hand on her.” 
“What’s so special about being your sister? Ryan is brazen. Unless it’s his mother, who does he not 
dare to touch?” 
Bella slammed the table again and said, “You’d better pray that Ryan hasn’t done anything to Carrie. If 
he dares touch her, I swear, I will break his arms!” 
“Alright,” Justin replied softly. 
“What?” Bella suddenly froze. 
“I said, I agree with your idea. If anything happens, you go for his left hand, and I’ll take care of his 
right.” 
Bella was left utterly speechless. 
The saying was true after all. Men would betray their brothers for 
women. 
Carrie’s surgery was successful. She was transferred to a regular 
ward.
Lying in bed, Carrie seemed fragile and pale, almost blending in with the white bedsheet… 
It was truly a heartbreaking sight to behold. 
“How are you feeling? Does it still hurt?” Ryan sat by th 
voice unexpectedly gentle as he gazed into her clear, 
Carrie shook her head gently. 
“Can you hear me now?” 
She blinked and nodded slightly. 
“That’s great!” Ryan heaved a sigh of relief, reaching for his phone.” 
I’ll call your brother and sister-in-law to come pick you up.” 
Before he could finish, Carrie’s heart skipped a beat, and she suddenly 
grabbed his arm. 
“Ryan, I’m… I’m hungry…” 
“I guessed as much. Yasmin has gone to buy food for you. She should be back soon.” 
At that moment, the door to the ward opened, and Yasmin hurriedly walked in with a tray of hot food. 
“Mr. Hoffman, the food has arrived. Nutritious and plain, as per your 
instructions.” 
“Bring it over.”
Yasmin held the tray, and Ryan picked up the bowl of chicken soup. 
He scooped a spoonful, blew on it gently, and slowly brought it to the 
edge of Carrie’s lips. 
“Come on, Carrie, let me feed you” 
1506 
Such tender care and thoughtfulness left Yasmin completely stunned. 
Sure enough, it was hard to hide one’s feelings. 
“I… I can manage on my own.” Carrie blushed. 
“You’re still weak, so it’s better if I feed you.” Ryan gently brought the spoon close to her soft lips, his 
tender eyes playful. 
“Women in Savrow are lining up just for a chance to be fed by me. You’d better seize this opportunity, 
Carrie.” 
Carrie’s throat tightened, and she nervously adjusted the bedsheet. 
“You can boast about being fed by Ryan Hoffman for at least three years, I’m sure! Open up, then! Ah-”
###chapter594

"Haha!" The usually reserved Yasmin could not help but laugh, covering her mouth.
Ryan had gone to great lengths for Carrie, but his usual tactics for charming women seemed to be useless on her. He had to come up with alternatives, which often yielded amusing results.
Carrie had no intention of boasting about being fed by Ryan. But she noticed that Ryan looked tired holding onto the bowl and spoon. Thus, she quietly leaned forward, opened her mouth, and took a bite.
When he saw Carrie obediently eating the food, Ryan chuckled softly. His eyes narrowed with affection.
"Cough... Cough..." Carrie ate too fast and coughed a few times.
"Take it slow, Carrie. Even if you're hungry, you should eat slowly." Ryan reached out to pat Carrie's back. From the corner of his eyes, he noticed a trickle of fluid at the corner of her lips. His dark pupils contracted for a moment as his handsome face turned crimson.
It was just soup.
"Delicious... Ryan, this soup is yummy! I want more," Carrie said softly as she noticed Ryan's momentary distraction.
"Okay." Ryan's voice was unusually hoarse.
At that moment, the door of the ward flung open.
"Ryan! How dare you?"
Carrie panicked. In her haste, she threw herself into Ryan's arms. Her delicate arm clung to him tightly, allowing him to feel his importance to her.
"Don't be afraid. It's just your sister-in-law and your second brother. They're here to pick you up," Ryan whispered in her ears.
Meanwhile, the former married couple rushed into the room. Seeing the ambiguous scene, their expressions froze.
"Ryan! You-Don't you dare lay a hand on Carrie!" Bella felt like her heart would leap out of her mouth when she saw Carrie curled up in Ryan's arms.
"What?" Ryan had not actually made a move, but Bella's outcry made him instinctively embrace Carrie.
Bella let out a long breath. Her thoughts were running wild. 'An entire night! Did Ryan take advantage of Carrie? Could he resist not touching her?'
It was easier to believe that pigs could fly than to believe in Ryan Hoffman's ability to abstain from women.
Justin's face remained calm. He asked in a cold tone, "What's going on? Why is Carrie hospitalized?"
"Carrie, what happened to your ear?" Bella's sharp eyes were the first to notice the bandage on Carrie's left ear. She hurried to the bedside and questioned Ryan, "Mr. Hoffman, what's going on? What happened to Carrie?"
Justin felt a sudden tightening in his heart. He also hurried over and stood side-by-side with Bella.
Ryan could not help but feel how biased this couple was against him. 'Carrie is just their sister, but their reaction makes it seem like she's their daughter...'
He gently stroked Carrie's trembling back and lowered his voice. "Carrie just had surgery. I'll explain what happened in a while."
Bella felt that there was more to the story, but she refrained from asking. She said sternly, " Grandpa Nigel wants to take Carrie back to the villa in Crescent Bay. From now on, she will live with Grandpa Nigel."
"Really? That's great! Carrie can finally escape the tiger's den." Carrie had not said anything, but the news made Ryan ecstatic.
Justin did not say much, as he was observing Carrie's flustered expression. Realization struck him, and his thin lips pressed together tightly.
"I won't go! I won't go! I want to be with Ryan!" Carrie suddenly shouted.
All three of them were taken aback.
###chapter595
Ryan was especially stunned. He stared blankly at the teary-eyed girl in his arms. He gulped, and a thought flashed through his mind. ‘I want to take her home. I really want to bring her back with me.’
“Carrie, d-do you want to follow him?” Bella stammered in astonishment.
“Ryan…” Carrie buried her little head in the warmth of the man’s chest. Her trembling breath passed through his crisp black shirt and penetrated straight into his heart. “I want to go home with you.”
With Carrie’s insistence, Bella and Justin had no choice but to agree.
Justin called Ryan out for a smoke. Thus, the two men went to the hospital’s smoking area.
“Ryan, what happened to Carrie’s ear?” Justin pulled out two cigarettes, took one for himself, and handed the other to his best friend.
“What happened?” Ryan’s hawk-like eyes flashed with a fierce glint. ‘
It’s because you spoiled your sister, Bethany.”
“She’s not my sister. I only recognize Carrie as my sister.” Justin could not help but feel repulsed by Bethany’s name.
He asked in a deep, chilly voice, “Did Bethany hurt Carrie?”
Ryan was so angry that he gritted his teeth and nearly crushed the cigarette in his hand. “Justin, if I take action against Bethany, would you stand with the Salvador family and stop me?”
Justin lit his cigarette and took a deep drag. He replied without hesitation, “I’ll pretend not to know about the matter.”
His stance could not be clearer.
“Hehe. Thanks, bro.” Ryan smirked with a touch of wickedness and patted Justin’s shoulder.
“But a lesson is enough. Don’t cause any harm to her, for your sake.” Justin cast a thought-provoking glance. “If you really fall for Carrie and intend to have a future with her, you have to cut off all your affairs with other women and cleanse your body and mind. Also, you shouldn’t shed blood anymore. You’re the heir of the Hoffman Group, not a mafia boss. I’m worried about Carrie being with you with your current lifestyle.”
“Justin, I only thought of Carrie as a sister. It’s not what you’re thinking.” Ryan hurriedly explained, feeling a sharp pain in his chest.
However, his flickering gaze and trembling fingers betrayed his true feelings.
Justin looked at him deeply and calmly said, “Don’t mind the grudges between me and Shannon. Although Carrie is Shannon’s daughter, I’ve never had any prejudice against her. Carrie is a good girl, and I hope she finds happiness.”
“Justin… I…” Ryan’s throat tightened as a hint of complex emotions welled up in his heart.
“Even though you’re no saint and you have a whole bunch of bad habits, I think you genuinely care for Carrie.” Justin gently blew out a smoke ring. He spoke like an elderly sage. “So, I’m willing to give you a chance to pursue her.”
Ryan thought, ‘What the hell? Why does this sound like a pep talk from my future father-in-law?’
“Are you going to smoke that damn thing or not?” Justin reached out to grab Ryan’s cigarette. “If you’re not going to smoke, give it back. That’s my last one.”
“It’s mine.” Ryan quickly placed it between his lips and twisted his thick eyebrows. “When did you become such a miser? Your net worth is almost a trillion dollars, but you can’t even spare a cigarette? No-wonder I’m your only friend after all these years!”
“I’m trying to quit smoking, so I’m limiting myself to only half a pack a day.”
“Why? Are you starting to focus on your health now that you’re 30 years old? Then, you should probably swap out alcohol for detox juices.”
“It’s because of Bella.” Justin thought of his crush, his eyes filled with warm ripples. “She dislikes it when I smoke. I know quitting is hard, but I want to give it a try.”
“Tsk tsk… Back then, Bella disliked Rosalind, too. Why didn’t you kick Rosalind out?” Ryan found his friend’s attempt to quit smoking for a woman particularly cheesy and could not help but tease him.
###chapter596
I 
I know I’m not a good man. You don’t need to remind me again and 
gain of how terrible I used to be.” Justin’s eyes darkened, and he 
rushed his half-smoked cigarette in the ashtray. 
But my heart is like a pawn on a chessboard. It can only move 
orward and never retreat. In this lifetime, I only want Bella, and I will 
ever give up on her. I’m fated to be with her.” 
Carrie slept until the evening. 
When she woke up, Ryan had already prepared dinner for her. 
Ryan sat by the bedside and asked with a playful tone, “Carrie, you aid during the day that you wanted 
to go home with me. Were you 
serious?” 
Carrie pursed her lips and nodded. Then, she shook her head. 
She curled up in the oversized hospital gown, her arms hugging her egs. Her toes curled up shyly. 
Ryan’s gaze inadvertently fell on her small feet. 
His eyes narrowed, and his breath quickened.
I want to live with Grandpa. But I’ll wait until I’m well before going o see him, I’m afraid Grandpa will 
worry…” Carrie’s eyes were teary.” m afraid he will worry about me.” 
understand.” Ryan gently placed his farge hand on her head, rubbing. 
her soft hair. 
Suddenly, he narrowed his eyes with a mischievous grin. “Barrie, 
why do you trust me so much? Do you know me well? Do 
how notorious I am? Aren’t you afraid that you jumped out of frying pan into the fire? Hmm?” 
Carrie slowly lifted her gaze. Her eyes sparkled with a clear light. 
don’t care about what others say. In my eyes, Ryan is a good person, just like Justin.” 
Ryan’s heart received a strong jolt, beating intensely. His breath. trembled, and his fingers kneaded 
through her hair. His big hands. gradually traveled downward, resting on the back of her neck. 
Seeing that he was silent, Carrie felt uneasy and timidly asked, “Ryan … Did I trouble you? Do you not 
want to bring me home with you?” 
Carrie’s eyes were filled with innocence. 
She only used the simplest language to express the simplest 
thoughts. 
She had no idea of the underlying implications of voluntarily going home with a man in the adult world. 
“L…”
Suddenly, a warm and sweet fragrance enveloped him. Ryan’s breath hitched, and his mind went 
blank. 
Carrie’s fair and slender arms suddenly wound around the man’s neck. 
In the next moment, Carrie’s exquisite and pretty face filled his vision. 
Her lips, as soft as cotton candy, abruptly sealed his astonished lips. 
Ryan’s whole body stiffened. Except for his violently poundi 
he could hardly move at all. 
Carrie closed her beautiful eyes slightly, recalling the feeling of their 
first kiss. 
Electric currents surged through every inch of Ryan’s body, sending shivers down his spine. 
He abruptly pulled away from the kiss, breathing heavily. His reddened eyes were fixed on her. “Carrie, 
what are you doing?!” 
“I… I…” Carrie looked at him sincerely. “Isn’t this what you like? I want 
to repay you… 
“Repay?” Ryan was completely disoriented. 
“I won’t take your kindness for nothing. Do you like this? I may not do 
it well, but I can learn.”
Ryan was thoroughly bewildered. Blood rushed to his head, and hist Adam’s apple rolled incessantly. 
“Carrie, do you know how dangerous you look right now to a normal 
man?” 
“Dangerous?” Carrie looked confused, meeting his lust-filled eyes. 
“You’re practically testing my willpower…’ Ryan thought. 
He leaned in slowly, his eyes red, as he passionately kissed her soft lips 
Carrie’s shoulders trembled as she felt the man’s warm hands 
gripping her delicate waist. 
Then she watched as his tall and sturdy figure pressed her down onto 
the white bedding.
###chapter597
When Bella left the hospital, she did not even bother to say goodbye 
to Justin. 
Although Bella was intrigued by Justin’s unfinished story, she was proud and unwilling to bow her head 
to him. She was curious about what happened to Justin, but she would rather investigate on her own 
than ask him about it. 
Three years of humility were enough. From now on, Bella swore that 
she would hold her head high and proud. 
As Bella drove back to the villa, she received a call from Steven. 
“Ms. Bella, I started investigating Justin but found nothing. But when I 
looked into the Salvador family, I discovered something fishy.” 
“Justin is now the president of the Salvador Corporation. Hist information is highly classified and not 
easily accessible by anyone. Steve, you were smart to take an indirect approach. Well done!” Bella 
praised him with a smile. 
Steven smiled contentedly, then said seriously, “The Salvador family’s heir was kidnapped when he 
was eleven years old.” 
“A kidnapping case?” Bella’s eyes darkened.
“Yes, but that kidnapping case didn’t show up on any national news platforms. It seems that the 
Salvador family kept a tight lid on the information back then. Without checking the police records, it 
would be challenging to learn the truth behind the kidnapping Ms Bella, if you really want to know the 
details, can go home and ask my father, 
Back then, he was a judge at the Savrow People’s Court. He couldn’t have been completely in the dark 
about a major case like the 
kidnapping of the Salvador family’s heir.” 
“No need, Steve. Thank you for your hard work. You have already done well. You don’t need to bother 
anymore.” Bella hung up the phone, sinking into deep thought. 
Bella was well aware of the strained relationship between Steven and his family. It would not be right to 
trouble Neil Lovett because of her matters. At least now, with a general direction in mind, she knew 
what to do.. 
As the car stopped in front of the villa in the night, Bella’s headlights illuminated the tall, handsome 
figure of a man. 
She squinted her almond-shaped eyes, and her heart suddenly raced. 
‘Justin?’ 
Justin turned around and faced the bright headlights. 
His eyes sparkled. He stood even straighter as he flashed a gentle smile at Bella, who was inside the 
car. 
Bella pursed her red lips, feeling complex emotions surging in her
heart. 
She had to admit that Justin looked dashing when he smiled. 
That was the face she had once fantasized about and craved for. 
In the past three years, she foolishly lingered by his side, showering him with gifts and offering him all 
her heart. 
She even studied culinary arts seriously just to bring a smile to his 
face. But it was all in vain. 
Yet now, he was smiling at her willingly. 
He even said that he liked her. 
However, she only felt emptiness in her broken heart. 
Could her crushed heart be mended with this belated love? 
Bella took a deep breath and got out of the car. She walked expressionlessly toward him. 
“Bella…”
###chapter598
“What are you doing? Are you trying to carjack me?” Bella glanced at Justin. Her razor-sharp mouth 
showed him no mercy. 
“When you left the hospital in such a hurry, I didn’t even have a 
chance to say a word to you,” Justin said gently, ignoring Bella’s 
indifference. 
“If it weren’t for Carrie, I wouldn’t have met you. There is nothing much to say either.” 
Bella showed no hesitation and turned to walk toward the villa’s gate. 
“I will have someone send over the medicine for the second course of your treatment. If you want to 
live for a few more years, you must take the medicine on time.” 
“Bella, wait!” Justin felt anxious and reached out to grab her. 
At that moment, Bella suddenly stopped and turned around. “By the way, please tell Ryan that I know 
he likes Carrie, but I don’t agree with them being together.” 
Justin’s dark eyes constricted, and his brows furrowed. 
“I know that I’m just an outsider to Carrie since I’m no longer her sister in-law. I had no right to interfere 
in her affairs back then, let alone now. But sorry, I’m going to intervene in Carrie’s matters.” 
Bella’s eyes were filled with visible anger, and her voice was cold. Now, looking at the entire Salvador 
family, the only person who can
www 
manage Carrie is Grandpa Nigel. But we both know Grandpa Nigel’s 
health condition. I hope he lives a long life, but he’s getting old. His heart is willing, but he doesn’t have 
the strength to care. He can’t handle much of Carrie’s affairs. Carrie’s parents donough about her, and 
you are utterly useless as a brother. Eve 
something happened to Carrie, were you there to help he 
protect her at all. You don’t think of her as your sister, do you 
Each word from Bella felt like arrows piercing his heart, making his eyes turn red as he clenched his 
fists slowly. 
“That’s why I want to take care of Carrie. From now on, Carrie is my family.” Bella’s attitude was 
resolute and cold. “I absolutely won’t agree to Carrie getting too close to Ryan, and I won’t allow Ryan 
to pursue Carrie!” 
“Why not?” Justin took a step forward, his gaze intensely fixed on 
hers. 
Bella interpreted his strong gaze as opposition and provocation. Her lips curled into a sneer. “Why not? 
Justin, do you have a heart? Or do you not regard Carrie as your sister? Are you willing to push 
Shannon’s daughter into the fire just to satisfy your best friend’s 
desires?” 
Justin was finally angered by her. His lips turned white, and he 
trembled slightly.
He was not mad at Bella. He completely understood her kindness and 
her desire to protect Carrie. 
He simply did not want her to misunderstand him, and he certainly did 
not want her to belittle his only friend and closest brother. 
“Ryan genuinely cares about Carrie Bella, you saw it yourself today. 
Carrie relies on Ryan and wants to be with him.” 
“Reliance and affection are two different things! Besides, Carrie has autism. Since her limited days of 
going to school, she has hardly had any exposure to society. How could she understand what goes on 
between a man and a woman?!” 
Bella was also agitated. Her voice, full of resentment, echoed through 
the night. 
“If Ryan sincerely wants to treat Carrie well, can you give them a chance?” Justin asked in an almost 
pleading tone. 
Given Bella’s temper, Justin dared not confront her with a strong 
attitude. 
“Firstly, it’s impossible to count the number of women that Ryan has been with, given his history of 
romantic affairs over the years. I know that he’ll settle down eventually, but Carrie isn’t suitable for him. 
She’s not the kind of woman who can capture his heart and control him. 1 can’t gamble away Carrie’s
youth for an uncertain future. Secondly, do you really think that the Hoffman family is suitable for 
Carrie?” Bella questioned him seriously. 
Justin was stunned. 
Ryan and Justin rarely talked about the Hoffman family. It was a topic Ryan deliberately avoided and 
never mentioned.
###chapter599
Justin knew that Ryan’s family matters were his sensitive spot. Though Justin cared, he rarely inquired 
about it. 
Bella said, “Mrs. Hoffman is a very conservative person. Her husband passed away early, and Ryan is 
her only son. She placed almost all her hopes on him. She can’t even stand Bethany, so how can she 
possibly favor Carrie?” 
She continued, “Ryan is a devoted son and has always respected and loved his mother deeply. Do you 
think he will go against his mother for Carrie? And what about that scheming Zoe? She has always 
treated Bethany as a puppet, pulling strings from behind the scenes. She inherently looks down on 
Shannon’s daughters. Do you think she will treat Carrie well? If Carrie ends up with Ryan in the future, 
there will be turmoil and endless struggles. It’ll only mean suffering and hardship for Carrie. Do you 
think Carrie can be happy like this? Even if Ryan loves her, that love will be gradually exhausted by all 
the conflicts and schemes. Moreover, Carrie is so innocent and naive… How can she possibly compete 
with them?” 
As Bella spoke, her eyes teared up and reddened. Her exquisitely fair face made her look like a fairy, 
breathtakingly beautiful. 
“Was she judging Carrie’s situation based on her experiences?’ Justin 
thought. 
Essentially, she was recounting the hardships and grievances she endured during their three years of 
marriage. 
There was no freedom or relief, just bitter tears and broken hearts.
Bella had nothing more to say to this man. She had said what n 
to be said. 
If he insisted on having his own way, she would have to use her o iron fist to solve the problem and 
protect the people that mattered to 
her. 
Watching Bella decisively turn to leave, Justin was unable to restrain his intense emotions any longer. 
He embraced her cool and delicate body tightly from behind. 
“You…” Bella instantly forgot to breathe. Her heart was pounding hard. 
“I’m sorry. It’s all my fault. I didn’t think it through. If you don’t like it, I won’t bring it up again. I’ll never 
bring it up again.” Justin wrapped his left arm around her soft waist, and his right hand held her slender 
shoulders. His arm encircled her collarbone. 
All the strength in his body seemed to gather in those arms as he hugged her tightly. 
He wished that he could merge her into his body. 
Bella’s body was tense. Justin’s sultry voice flowed into her ears, 
captivating her. 
“Justin, let go…” She was rejecting him, but her voice was gentle, making her rejection seem 
contradictory
“I won’t.” Justin’s sharp jaw rested against the hollow of her neck. rubbing against it. “Bella, I have 
never been a greedy person. But when it comes to you I can never seem to get enough it’s never 
enough, even when I hug or kiss you.” 
He was a man of few words and was not good at expressing himself, 
so even his sweet talk was succinct. Yet, they caused ripples in 
Bella’s heart. 
This striking couple were like magnets, irresistibly drawn to each other under the streetlight. 
“Bella.” 
Suddenly, a gentle yet icy voice rang out from behind them.
###chapter600
The voice was very familiar. It was like a sharp blade p 
Justin’s chest. 
Bella’s wandering thoughts snapped back as she returned to he 
senses. 
Her heart tightened as she became aware of her situation. She felt as if she had been caught doing 
something wrong, so she tried her best to break free from Justin’s tight grip. 
She turned around and forcefully pushed him away. 
Justin’s heart sank, and he stumbled a step back. 
The space between his arms felt cold and desolate. 
“Mr. Iverson, why are you here?” Bella forcefully calmed her erratic 
breath but was unable to hide the panic in her eyes. 
Hidden underneath the gray suit, Christopher’s muscles were trembling with indignation. 
His slender fingers lightly pushed his gold-rimmed glasses as he glanced at Justin with a gaze full of 
murderous intent. 
Even though it was only a fleeting moment, Justin noticed it His starry eyes narrowed slightly 
His Destake fighting spirit was ignited
Justin was never at a disadvantage when it came to intimidation tactics Moreover, he was in the 
presence of the woman he loved. 
Bella noticed the fierce look in Justin’s eyes at this moment. She felt 
like Justin was about to tear Christopher apart. 
Considering that Justin was the one who acted shame 
what did Christopher do wrong? Did Justin hate Christop ruining his opportune moment? 
‘How shameless! Justin is truly a despicable man!’ Bella thought. 
“Bella! Are you okay?” Christopher hurried to Bella’s side. His warm, clear eyes were filled with 
concern, and he lowered his voice to ask, Are you alright? Do you need any help?” 
“No, I’m fine.” Bella smiled at him. Beads of sweat covered her 
forehead. 
Justin felt jealous. He furrowed his brows, and his eyes ignited with 
flames of envy. 
It had been a long time since Bella smiled at him like that. Now, it was effortlessly given to Christopher. 
“It doesn’t seem like nothing happened.” Although Christopher did not extend his arm to embrace Bella, 
he stood beside her. He exuded a strong sense of protectiveness and possessiveness for Bella. 
Then he casually glanced at Justin. “Do you want me to drive him 
away?
Christopher said it so naturally, as if he was asserting his dominance. 
Justin’s eyes reddened as he clenched his fists tightly. If Bella were not present, he would have already 
thrown a punch at Christopher. 
“No need. He has legs, so he can walk himself out.” Bella answered calmly, no longer sparing Justin a 
glance. 
“Well then… Bella, will you come with me?” 
Bella widened her beautiful eyes in surprise. 
Justin could no longer contain the anger in his heart. He gritted his teeth, and his voice turned chilly. 
“Mr. Iverson, do you even know what you’re saying?” 
“I know, but I’m afraid some people don’t know what they’re doing.” 
Christopher swiftly positioned himself in front of Bella and sneered. Can’t you see that Bella hates you? 
You two are no longer married. With such inappropriate behavior, I can call the police and have your 
arrested, Mr. Salvador.” 
“Enough.” Bella did not want to escalate the situation any further. She lowered her long lashes and 
indifferently addressed Justin. 
“Justin, leave now.” 
“Bella!” 
“I said, leave!” 
Bella was furious and embarrassed. “I really don’t want to see you,
Justin.” 
Justin felt as if he had been struck by lightning. His handsome face 
turned deathly pale. His sharp jawline was tightly clenched. 
He felt a surge of blood in his chest, which almost made him cough. 
The corners of Christopher’s lips lifted with amusement.
###chapter601
Christopher was insatiable by nature, rarely feeling gratified by anything in the world. 
Making Justin pay was one of the unlikely things that pleased him. 
“Mr. Iverson, what brings you here?” Snapping out of her thoughts, Bella asked curiously. 
“I’ve moved here. I’m living in the villa behind yours.” Christopher stared at her affectionately. 
“What?” Bella was shocked. 
Justin’s heart dropped as he had a bad feeling. 
“We’re neighbors now, Bella.” While talking, Christopher tilted his head and smiled in a youthful and 
gentle manner. He extended his right hand to her. “Hello, neighbor. I hope we can get along.” 
Though baffled, Bella remained unruffled and politely shook Christopher’s hand. 
Christopher managed to mercilessly and cleanly cut off Justin, the ex- husband who once was most 
intimate with Bella. 
“Bella, do you want to visit my new home?” 
Like Bella, Christopher was an opportunist. He extended an invitation to her. “I bought a lot of 
groceries, including some fresh salmon and crayfish. They’re all your favorites. I’ll cook for you.” 
His words were filled with love. 
Christopher was considerate, attentive, and a gentleman. He was the boyfriend of every woman’s 
dreams.
“I’ll need to take a rain check. We live in the same neighborhood, so 
we’ll run into each other more frequently. We have plenty of time in 
the future. Thank you for the offer, though, Mr. Iverson.” Bella was 
flustered and not in the right mind for a housewarming session. 
“My mother will be at my place tonight.” 
Christopher’s eyes fixated on Bella as he invited her earnestly once. 
more. “I told her that I’d invite you over to the house for dinner. She 
was excited and said that it had been years since she last saw you. She wanted to meet Chairman 
Thompson’s favorite daughter.” 
Bella was taken aback. “Is Mrs. Iverson back from Sentania?” 
“Yeah. I brought my mother back.” Christopher grinned with relief. 
“That’s great.” 
Justin was alarmed. 
However, he could not add a word to their conversation. All he could 
do was stand there and do nothing. 
Justin, who sat on top of the business world, had such moments of 
desperation too.
He had become a fool for his little lady. 
“You know my mother, Bella. She rarely has moments when she’s 
conscious and herself.” 
The sadness in Christopher’s eyes tugged on Bella’s heartstrings. “I 
hope you can meet her when she’s of sound mind. It makes the 
encounter meaningful. Can I be abrupt and ask you for this small 
favor?” 
The Iversons and the Thompsons went way back. Plus, Bella did not 
really have anything planned tonight anyway. She did not have a 
reason to refuse. 
“Alright then. Sorry to trouble you for dinner, Mr. Iverson.” 
Fueled with rage, Justin clenched his fists. 
“Not at all. I want to thank you for accepting my invitation, Bella.” 
With joy apparent on his face, Christopher gestured for Bella to come 
along with him. 
They then walked right past Justin.
However, Justin was not one to give up or back down so easily, 
especially when it came to competing with Christopher. He did not 
want to let the love of his life walk away with another man. 
What should he do? 
He contemplated his options. 
His inner voice was telling him to leave his ego out the door and stop 
Bella from leaving. 
Nothing was more important than his wife. He had to keep her. 
“Bella!” 
As his heart pounded out of his chest, Justin took strides to keep up 
with the pair. 
Before Justin could get close to Bella, Christopher sensed Justin. He turned around and aggressively 
pulled a punch, aiming straight for Justin’s face.
###chapter602
Swoosh! 
A violent breeze brushed past the tip of Justin’s nose. There was sure 
power, ruthlessness, and speed in the punch. 
If Justin was not a skilled fighter, he would not have been able to dodge the unsuspecting attack. 
Justin was able to gather a lot of information from the missed. 
assault. 
Underneath Christopher’s polished appearance was a vicious beast. 
Justin could not possibly let Bella go with him. 
No way! 
Everything happened too fast. Bella walked ahead, oblivious to the men fighting over her in the back. 
Christopher pulled another punch, and Justin ducked in tim 
retaliated with a high kick. However, the counterattack mer 
past Christopher’s chest. 
Christopher backed away to regain his balance. His seemingly 
arms under his silver cuffs tensed as he clenched his fists. His ve
bulged. 
Justin, who was ambushed, stood there, rooted to the ground. 
Christopher pushed his glasses up his nose, hiding the bloodthirst 
behind the lens. 
For over a decade, Christopher had been learning to fight from the best fighters in Sentania, perfecting 
his skills to become stronger so that he could protect his mother and recruit elites. 
Christopher dabbled in close combat, shooting, and knives. He was gifted in that respect. Although he 
was not blessed with the best of health, he was able to make up for his deficiencies by putting in the 
hard work. 
Hence, Christopher was confident he could take Justin on. 
Nevertheless, after the brief clash with Justin, Christopher realized he had underestimated his 
opponent. 
Justin was stronger than most men. 
Even if Christopher were to give everything he had, he might not be 
able to defeat Justin. 
Christopher furrowed his brows grimacingly. 
Suddenly, he curled his lips slyly, sending shivers down Justin’s spine. Something did not sit right with 
Justin.
Christopher’s eyes, always tender in Bella’s presence, were savage and rampant, challenging Justin’s 
patience. 
Upon narrowing his eyes, Christopher threw himself forward. 
Letting his muscle memory and the urge to beat up the man take 
control, Justin reacted with a right hook to Christopher’s left cheek. 
Bella happened to turn around and witness this scene. 
Justin was shocked to catch Christopher, bleeding in the mouth, 
smiling wickedly instead of getting angry. 
Shit! 
He fell right into Christopher’s trap! 
Christopher was not trying to hit him. He was trying to lure him to 
draw blood. 
Justin cursed himself for being a fool to fall for it. 
“Chris!” 
Bella widened her eyes and ran to help Christopher. 
She blurted out his nickname in a panic. 
Christopher’s eyes bulge in surprise. Disregarding the burning pain on
his cheek, he clutched Bella’s wrist and asked in a trembling voice, 
Bella… What did you call me?” 
It then hit Bella. 
She took a bit of time to process what she just said. It was just a 
form of address, and she used to call him that name when they were 
kids. 
Hence, she cried, “Chris.” 
Christopher’s eyes welled up in excitement, his facial muscles 
twitching. 
Only God knew how long he had been waiting for her to use the term 
of endearment. 
It had been too long-15 years too long. 
Could Justin understand 15 years of yearning and lovesickness? No, 
the heartless man could never understand this. 
Justin froze as the color drained from his face. 
He could hear something breaking as his body slowly gave out.
Bella had once again broken his heart to pieces. 
It appeared Bella and Christopher were close, and it all started when 
they were kids. 
Justin questioned what he meant to Bella. 
“Have you gone mad, Justin? Mr. Iverson was just inviting me to meet 
his mother at his place. What did he ever do to you? Why must you 
injure him?” Bella helped Christopher up and snapped an angry look 
at Justin. 
There were a lot of emotions in her gaze. 
She was angry, helpless, and, more so, disappointed. 
For the past 13 years, Justin had been an unattainable presence for 
her. 
Now, she could feel the untouchable shine of him fading as he drifted 
further from the man she remembered him to be. 
“I’m fine, Bella. Don’t be mad.” 
The murderous intent in Christopher’s eyes was no longer present. He looked tenderly at her and said 
nicely, “I can understand why Mr.
Salvador attacked me.”
###chapter603
Christopher continued, “Everything he does is for you.” 
“For me? Including hurting someone?” Unable to put up with Justin’s 
behavior, Bella scoffed. “He’s just covering up his misdeed in the 
name of justice. Don’t say that it’s for me. I won’t stand for this.” 
“Bella!” 
Justin felt suffocated, and his misery showed in his voice. “I don’t 
want to explain or justify my behavior. I just have one thing to ask 
you. What am I to you?” 
As her breath hitched, Bella felt her heart drop. 
Despite the dimly lit surroundings, she could see the shattered and 
anguished look on Justin’s face. 
Christopher stared intently at Justin’s pale face like a hawk on its 
prey. 
“If you stop pestering me and being a nuisance in my life, we might 
have a chance of becoming business partners. But if you persist in your ways, our only possible 
relationship is that of enemies.”
Without taking another look at Justin, Bella held onto Christopher and 
left. 
Justin stood there in a daze, as if the whole world had left him behind. 
Before he knew it, the chilly breeze pierced through him, drying the 
tears in his eyes before they could pool again. 
He would never love another the way he loved her. 
Even the strongest love could fade with time. 
Christopher’s villa was the second largest in the upscale area. 
The biggest belonged to Bella. 
Since the Iversons owned the neighborhood, Christopher could just pick any villa he wanted. 
As they entered the compound, Bella felt bad that Christopher was 
badly bruised in the face. She asked cautiously, “Does it hurt?” 
Christopher curled his lips, grinning brightly and warmly. However, the 
smile was stiff because of the bruise. “I’m fine. It doesn’t hurt that 
bad.” 
“The bastard didn’t hold back.” Furious, Bella wanted to punish Justin. 
“Mr. Salvador was in the army, and he went to military school. It
doesn’t surprise me that he was heavy with the beating.” 
Bella scowled. “How did you know that he was in the army? Did you 
run a background check on him?” 
Unflustered, Christopher said with a faint smile, “Mr. Salvador and I 
are rivals, whether in business or love. If I want to win, I should know 
my enemy well.” 
Reading between the lines, Bella pursed her luscious lips. 
It was a shame that she did not see Christopher the same way. 
In fact, she played dumb to his feelings for her. 
“Please cover for me later when my mother asks about this, Bella.” 
Christopher looked over and nervously gave her the heads-up. 
“How should I cover for you? It’s not like you can fall and hit one side. 
of your face.” Bella furrowed her brows, finding the excuse hard to 
believe. 
Christopher let out a wry smile, but the joy in his eyes was clear. His 
affection was reserved only for her. 
“I got an idea!”
Struck by a thought, Bella pulled out a compact powder from her 
purse and handed it to him. “Cover up your bruise with this.” 
“What’s this?” 
“Do you know how to use it?” 
Christopher looked at her with clear eyes and shook his head. 
“I’ll help you.” 
Bella opened the compact and dabbed the powder puff on the 
pressed powder before drawing close to Christopher’s face. She 
proceeded to dab the puff on his swollen cheek. 
“Hiss…” The man grimaced in pain. 
“Does it hurt?” Bella asked. 
Christopher narrowed his eyes and leaned closer to Bella. He was just 
inches away from her baby-smooth and beautiful face. 
He could not love her more than he already had. 
Their breaths mingled as the tips of their noses nearly touched. 
Bella could even smell his minty breath mixed with his violet cologne,
which made her feel lightheaded. 
“It hurt a little just now, but it doesn’t hurt anymore.” Christopher 
looked deep into her eyes with a grin. 
Bella stepped back a little, nearly dropping her compact powder. 
Although she cried out his nickname in a moment of panic, that did 
not mean that they had become closer. 
“Come on, Bella. Any later, and I might not get dinner ready in time.” Christopher stopped teasing her. 
He had to take things slow, as slow 
and steady would win him the race. 
The pair walked through the gates of the villa and disappeared out of 
sight. 
On the other side of the metal gates, Justin stood alone on the opposite road. His bloodshot eyes were 
drawn to the villa’s distant 
glow.
###chapter604
Everything in Christopher’s home looked new. It was clear that he had 
moved in not too long ago. 
The villa’s interior was decorated in minimalistic colors of black, 
white, and gray. Bella could tell right away that the furniture and appliances were top-of-the-line brands 
that exuded a subtle luxury. 
Bella shuddered a little when she walked into the house. 
The reason was not because of the heating. The empty space, paired with the monotonous colors, 
gave off a sense of oppression and chill. 
“Do you feel cold, Bella?” 
Christopher took out a pair of white slippers from the shoe cabinet and got down on one knee to place 
them by Bella’s feet. “Put them on. I’ll turn up the heating.” 
As her lashes fluttered, Bella slipped her dainty feet into 
slippers. 
The fluffy slippers were comfortable. 
They were new, and the size seemed to fit her just right, as if they 
were made for her. 
m
“You’re back, Mr. Iverson.” Zelda, a housekeeper to Christopher and his mother, Sophie, approached to 
welcome them. 
“Bella, this is Zelda.” 
Christopher introduced them with a smile, “Zelda, this is-” 
“I know! She’s Ms. Thompson, the one you always talk about! Hello 
there, Ms. Thompson.” 
Zelda checked Bella out with enthusiasm. “You’re so beautiful, Ms. Thompson. Oh, my goodness. 
You’re prettier than the winner of Miss 
Sentania.” 
Bella blushed and smiled with embarrassment. “Thank you for the 
compliment, Zelda.” 
“Come in. Come in! It must be cold outside. Mr. Iverson, your mother 
has been waiting for you.” 
Zelda led them to the living room, turning back to check on them from time to time. With each glance, 
she found them a perfect match for 
each other. 
Bella felt anxious. 
She could barely remember what Sophie looked like.
Bella often visited the Iversons’ residence in her younger days, and Lance was usually the one to greet 
her. Sophie rarely made an appearance. She had encountered Sophie maybe once or twice, but she 
remembered the woman to be kind and gentle. 
“Mom!” 
Hearing Christopher’s greeting, the middle-aged woman in a wheelchair with a beige blanket over her 
lap slowly turned around. 
Feeling a catch in her throat, Bella felt upset. 
Sophie was around Mila’s age, but she was silver-haired and a 
shadow of her former beauty. 
“Son, you’re back.” 
Sophie smiled. Although she aged significantly, her smile was 
beautiful as always. It was clear that she was a stunner back in the 
day. 
Christopher went up and gave her a hug. “Mom, Ms. Thompson is 
here to see you.” 
“Ah… Bella? Is it Bella?” 
Sophie was perky, like a child, her eyes reflecting her tenderness for 
Bella. “Zelda! Zelda!”
“I’m here, Mrs. Iverson,” Zelda responded. 
“Hurry up and get Bella some juice and candy.” 
“Alright.” 
Zelda grabbed a handful of candy from the coffee table and presented it to Bella. “Here you go, Ms. 
Thompson.” 
Though surprised, Bella took the candy. 
It never occurred to her that Sophie had such a different approach to 
hosting guests. 
“Chris, you must bring your friends to the house. Don’t worry about disrupting my rest. I don’t want you 
to be alone and have no one to 
play with.” Sophie looked worriedly at her son. 
Bella looked at Christopher in shock, 
“Don’t worry, Mom. I don’t feel lonely with Bella by my side.” 
As sadness fleeted across his eyes, Christopher patted Sophie’s back. “Even if all the kids won’t play 
with me, Bella won’t ignore me.” 
“Alright. Bella, you must visit us often.” Sophie looked at Bella as if she were still the little girl from 15 
years ago. 
“Thank you, Mrs. Iverson.”
###chapter605
Swayed by emotions, Bella approached Sophie and got down on one knee. She looked up with a bright 
smile and said, “Chris has a friend 
in me, so don’t worry.” 
Christopher took off his jacket, his slender build drawn out by his white shirt and gray vest. He went to 
the kitchen, looking rather chic. 
Although Bella was a guest, she felt bad letting him cook for her. 
Thus, she followed him to the kitchen. 
“I’ll help you. You don’t have a chef. It will take you forever to cook dinner.” Bella looked at the table of 
ingredients and rolled up her 
sleeves to get to work. 
“It’s okay. I have everything ready. It should be quick and easy to 
make dinner.” 
While talking, Christopher looked at her with concern and murmure Bella, I remember that you’re 
allergic to smoke. It can get greasy an smoky in the kitchen. You should head to the living room and 
chat with my mother.” 
Bella paused, her eyes twinkling in surprise. “H-How did you know I’m allergic to smoke?” 
“Don’t you remember? Your dad would take you to my home when you were a kid, and my brother 
would demand a cookout, ordering the household help to start the grill in the backyard. When it started
to get 
smoky, your dad carried you away nervously, saying that you were allergic to smoke. I still remember 
your dad getting worked up and yelling at my dad.” 
Christopher chuckled. “You’re the apple of your dad’s eye.” 
Bella stared at him in a daze and felt a lump in her throat. 
Despite her best efforts, she could not stop her eyes from tearing up. 
During the three years she had been with Justin and cooked for him, the man had no idea that she had 
an allergic reaction to smoke. 
However, Christopher did not forget the trivial matter that happened 
over a decade ago. 
“It’s okay. I’ll help you.” 
Bella stood alongside Christopher in front of the sink, preparing the fresh ingredients skillfully. 
Christopher swallowed hard and quietly stepped closer to her. 
“Thank you, Bella.” 
“I should thank you for treating me to dinner.” 
“That’s not what I mean.” 
Christopher’s voice was raspy as he smiled wryly. “You’ve seen my mother. Her memory is regressing 
badly. Sometimes, she doesn’t even recognize me. There are times that she thinks I’m still 7 years
old.” 
“I understand. It’s one of the symptoms of Alzheimer’s.” Bella sighed. 
“I’m grateful that you are willing to make her happy with me.” 
Their eyes met, and their foreheads bumped into each other. 
They chuckled, taken aback. 
It was a happy and tender moment at the villa. 
Beyond the walls of the residence, it was cold and windy. 
Justin stood rooted to the ground outside the villa, staring intently at 
the warm light. 
He had no idea how long he had been there or how much longer he 
would stand there. 
There was only one thing on his mind. 
He was waiting for Bella. He was waiting for her to come out and see 
him. 
She had to leave one way or another, right? 
Suddenly, Justin felt something cold on his face. The biting co spread throughout his body.
He lifted his chin as the tiny snowflakes fell on his pale face and 
melted into his bloodshot eyes. 
It was snowing. 
Savrow welcomed its first snow in the winter. 
The first snow was a blank canvas. It signified a fresh chapter, full of 
potential and the promise of something special. 
He thought to himself, ‘Bella, I want to experience the first snow with 
you.’ 
Justin breathed out a puff of cold air and pulled out his phone shakily 
to dial Bella’s number.
###chapter606
Dinner was pleasant and full of laughter. 
Christopher had planned to bring out a bottle of well-aged red wine, 
but Sophie kept serving Bella juices. Bella had drank orange juice, grape juice, pineapple juice, and 
other varieties of squashed fruits. 
After dinner, Zelda took Sophie elsewhere for other activities to give 
Christopher and his beloved a moment alone. 
Christopher gave Bella a tour of his villa, showing her his art 
collection of paintings and artwork. 
These babies could fetch an astronomical price at an auction. 
S Standing before a desk, Bella leaned forward with a magnifying glass. toto appreciate a painting. Her 
bright eyes reflected her joy. 
“D’Do you like it? If you do, I’ll wrap it up for you to take home CChristopher propped his arm against 
the bed, staring at 
wwith a tilted head. 
SIShe admired the painting, while he admired her. 
“Wrap it up for me? You know better than anyone that anythin cosists at least seven figures. These are 
authentic works. I can’t believe you’re offering the painting to me for free.”
fully 
Belials totood up straight and cheekily looked at Christopher through the magnifyiving glass. She 
blinked. “Are you an antique collector? Or are you juststabllecting for fun? If you’re a real collector, you 
should act like Wyatart leler freaks out when anyone tries to touch his collection. I 
can’t imagine him giving his stuff away.” 
Christopher smiled and spoke in a soft and alluring tone. “I’m only generous to two people. That’s you 
and Chairman Thompson.” 
Bella’s heart skipped a beat, and she pursed her lips. 
Christopher and Justin were two extremes. The former was a sweet 
talker, while the latter would not have anything nice to say even with a 
gun to his head. 
“Wyatt is a greedy man. If he knows you own such treasures, he’ll 
certainly take your generosity for granted.” 
“Chairman Thompson is welcome to take anything he likes. I don’t have much to offer, but if there’s 
anything that catches his eye, I 
won’t be stingy with him.” Christopher’s tone could not be more 
sincere. 
“What about you? Do you have anything you want apart from getting
a slice of your family assets?” Bella asked subtly. 
With tender eyes, Christopher answered in his mind, ‘I want y 
It”it’s snowing, Bella,” he said something else out loud instead. 
R”Really?” 
BeBella bearned with excitement. 
ShShe loved the snow. When she was a little girl, her mother would hold heher as they admired the 
snow in the backyard. Her mother would take heher hand and guide her to draw on the snowy surface. 
“COCommon. Let’s check out the snow. 
Christopher led Bella to the balcony and opened the door. Bella was mesmerized by the blanket of 
snow. 
The fluttering snow fell like feathers. 
“It’s so beautiful!” Bella looked up at the night sky and expressed her 
thrill. 
Standing behind her, Christopher took off his jacket and draped it over The her shoulders. He wrapped 
her up tightly and murmured sweetly, 
snow is beautiful, but I don’t want you to catch a cold.” 
The lingering warmth from the man’s jacket cast away the chill that 
Bella felt.
She turned over to meet his burning gaze. 
Bella murmured, “You…” 
The man’s heart raced, and his breathing turned heavy. 
“Your glasses are foggy. Can you even see the snow?” Bella asked in 
a serious tone. 
Christopher was taken aback, but he smiled faintly, not hiding the 
affection in his eyes. 
‘Bella, do you know? There’s a saying in Sentania that couples who experience the first snow together 
will eventually marry each other.'” Christopher thought to himself. 
Not minding her frozen, stiff cheeks, Bella reached out to capture the 
snowflakes. Her face was alight with joy. 
Christopher, stirring with feelings, was tempted to grab her hand and 
never let her go. 
A disruptive phone call shattered this joyful moment. Bella glanced at her phone screen and frowned.
###chapter607
Chapter 607
Justin’s name haunted Bella.
Seeing that it was his love rival calling, Christopher hid the chilling glint behind his gold-rimmed glasses and said, “Bella.”
Despite her stirring emotions, Bella decided to take the call. “Hello?”
Disappointment was written all over Christopher’s eyes.
He hated Justin’s guts.
Justin looked at the lit window, not knowing if Bella was behind the window or if she could see him. His voice was hoarse.
“It’s snowing, Bella. This is Savrow’s first snowfall for the winter.”
“Yeah.”
Bella kept an emotionless face. “Why are you calling?”
Justin was stumped for words. It took a moment before he mustered up the courage to ask, "Can I invite you to see the snow together tonight?”
“Do you have a goldfish memory, Mr. Salvador?” Bella frowned in surprise.
“I don’t.”
“Knowing our relationship, do you think it’s appropriate?”
“Either way, it beats your relationship with Christopher.”
Justin had a case of sour grapes.
Bella was furious and amused. “Ha. Well, I don’t share your sentiment."
"I won’t leave until I see you tonight, Bella.” The man was stubborn, and there was no talking sense to him.
"I won’t leave this place until you go.” Bella could be more headstrong than him.
"Are you trying to piss me off, Bella?”
Justin narrowed his eyes dangerously and clutched his chest, barely catching his breath. "Are you really going to spend the night at Christopher’s? Do you know what you’re doing?”
Rage consumed Bella.
With her back facing Christopher, she walked to a corner, took a deep breath, and said huskily, “Mr. Salvador, I’m grateful that you saved my life, but that doesn’t mean you get to use it against me, forcing me to do things I don’t want to.”
"I just wanted to see the first snowfall with you. That’s all!”
"But I don’t want to! Justin, I’m not interested in the slightest!”
Bella yelled into the phone, her dramatic reaction startling Justin.
Christopher swiftly walked up to Bella and held her trembling shoulders.
"What’s wrong, Bella?” Christopher drew close to her and whispered in her ear.
Justin caught Christopher’s murmurs.
Bella closed her tearful eyes and shook uncontrollably.
The scene from Christmas Eve two years ago came to mind.
Savrow welcomed a belated snowfall on Christmas Eve.
However, that scene was painted with a bloody car accident. She had only been carrying Justin’s child for less than two months.
The pain nearly tore her apart. She had to bid a gory goodbye to her unborn child.
What was Justin doing at the time?
He flew to Meridan to spend Christmas with his beloved Rosaline.
Before Bella passed out from admitting Nigel to the hospital, she had given Justin a call.
However, all she received was a cold, busy tone.
Bella gasped for air as despair washed over her.
Her consciousness faded out, and her body gave way.
###chapter608
Chapter 608
Christopher held Bella in his arms before she sank to the ground.
The resentment in his eyes went rampant.
Justin stood outside in the snow, his head and shoulders covered in a sheet of white.
He waited hopefully, ready to stay there the whole night.
Suddenly, the metal gate of the villa opened.
Justin perked up.
However, his heart soon sank to the pit of his stomach.
Christopher headed his way with a pale, grimacing look.
"Where's Bella?" Clenching his fists, Justin looked Christopher dead in the eye.
Christopher pushed his glasses up and let out a sinister smile. He carried himself like a proud winner. "She will be staying the night at my place. She won't be going home or enjoying the snow with you. She's resting now. If you have any shred of dignity left, you should leave now and save yourself the humiliation. I need to get back to her."
The strain showed in Justin's voice. "You must be delighted with yourself, Christopher. You are only together with Bella through manipulation!"
"So what?"
The aggression was visible in Christopher's eyes. He was a different person in front of Bella. "I'm willing to do anything to win the love of my life, and I make no apologies. I'm unlike someone who acts like he only has eyes for Bella but plays the field instead."
"Christopher!" Justin shouted angrily, his voice trembling. The blood in his throat was getting thicker. "During your three-year marriage with Bella, you never once celebrated any holidays with her. You were with Ms. Gold during Valentine's Day, Christmas, and Bella's birthday, am I right?"
Christopher mocked with a smile, "You should go to Ms. Gold for a romantic night like today. Are you trying to insult Bella now?"
Color washed off Justin's face as agony overtook every fiber of his being.
"You're my rival, Justin. I only looked into your past because I felt bad for Bella. I will protect her, and I won't let the same thing happen again."
Christopher's eyes were cold. "Get lost. A filthy man on the inside and out like you does not deserve to be around Bella."
With Christopher gone, silence filled the air once again.
Justin froze in the snowstorm for a long time.
Suddenly, he lunged forward and covered his mouth. "Ugh!"
His eyes bulged, and he felt wetness on his palm.
Blood dripped to the ground, tainting the snow.
When Christopher returned to the villa, he was not in a hurry to check on Bella, who was unconscious.
He tiptoed upstairs and entered his study to check the surveillance outside the villa's perimeters on his computer.
Sinking his back into his leather chair, Christopher wanted to admire Justin's defeat, but to his surprise, he found something else to his delight.
The strong and handsome man kneeled on one leg in the snow, breathing laboriously with a bloodied mouth.
Did Justin cough out blood?
"Hahahaha! Justin, what a wonderful surprise."
Christopher took out his phone to call his secretary, his eyes never leaving the screen.
"What can I do for you, Mr. Iverson?"
"Investigate Justin's recent health records. Is he ill or injured? Which hospital was he at? I want to know everything,"
###chapter609
Chaapter 609 
Beliala’s dread was still fuzzy the next morning. She was a little. 
discrterected. 
She alabniptly opened her eyes and jolted up from bed. 
The monotonous colors of black, white, and gray and the calming 
incense in in ee room relaxed her. 
“This is a man’s room. Christopher?” 
Belia had a acicciole teadache, as if someone had just hit her head 
with a club.b. 
The last thing she remembered from last night was arguing with 
Justin, and evergruining sise after was a blur. 
With her heart pounding.c. Beila got up and left the room. 
Downstairs in the kitctuerenc Christopher wore a white shirt olled 
his sleeves to his elbows/sele was at the kitchen counter, m 
breakfast for Bellala, 
The warm morning sun ousidiaid the window shone on the man, softening his facial lines. 
Helwembandsome and poised like a
gentiernan in a painting.. 
He often cooked but never worerama Horon. 
Christopher never wore the same garntiment twice anyway. 
“Mr. Iverson.” 
Christopher looked up tenderly at the sound of Bella’s voice. “You’re 
awake, Bella. How do you feel?” 
“Mr. Iverson, last night-” 
“Didn’t we agree on it, Bella? Just call me Chris.” 
Christopher pouted a little. Still, he did not stop the task at hand, like a 
dutiful wife. “You weren’t feeling well last night, and you passed out. I 
guess you could be low on blood sugar or overwhelmed. Don’t worry. 
You slept in my room, but I didn’t touch you.” 
“I know…” Bella rested her head in her palm exhaustedly. She was not 
na?ve. 
She had no idea whether she was hypoglycemic, but she was not in a good mood last night. The past 
trauma still haunted her, and it still 
hurt.
It never crossed her mind that she would react strongly and be 
knocked unconscious by the pain. 
That bastard, Justin, was the bane of her. 
“Breakfast is ready, Bella. Come and eat,” Christopher urged her 
gently as he put the plates down. 
It was as if they were newlyweds, and Christopher, the husband, made 
breakfast for his wife since she slept in. 
“I don’t feel like eating. Thank you, though.” 
Bella believed it was inappropriate enough that she stayed the night at the home of a guy she barely 
knew. She could not possibly stay for 
breakfast too. 
That was suggestive, and she was not that type of woman. 
“Thank you for having me. I should go now.” 
While talking, Bella pressed her lips together awkwardly and walked 
toward the door. 
Feeling crushed, Christopher caught up to her. “Bella, did I do 
something wrong?”
“No. I’m just not used to spending the night and having breakfast at a man’s place, especially one I’m 
not close with. It’s just not me,” Bella expressed indifferently with a distant smile. 
Feeling hurt, Christopher clutched his fingers. 
Justin could get close to her and hold her, but Christopher could not 
make her stay for breakfast. 
If he had not shown up on time last night, Christopher wondered what Justin and Bella would have 
done. They could have kissed, and Justin. 
could have stayed the night at her place. 
Bella’s phone rang. Asher was calling. 
“Hey, Ash.”
###chapter610
“Bella… Axel, Ralph, Steve, and I are outside Christopher’s villa.” 
Asher’s voice rolled like thunder. 
He kept things short. 
However, assurance and intimidation were present in his tone of 
voice. 
“I’m fine, Ash. You’re all being dramatic.” Bella rubbed her temples, already imagining the commotion 
going on out there. 
“Dramatic? Bella, you spent the night at another man’s home. You were out all night! We nearly wept in 
panic,” Axel cried out loud. 
“Did that Iverson boy touch you, Bella? Were you there of your own 
free will, or did he set you up? I’ve got the cuffs ready for him.” Ralph was a police officer through and 
through. One word from Bella, and he would rush in to arrest Christopher. 
“Calm down! Chill the heck out!” 
Bella put on her heels in a panic and walked out the door. 
Outside, fancy cars surrounded Christopher’s villa. 
“Ms. Bella!”
Teary-eyed, Steven went up and held her shoulders. “Are you alright D Did Christopher lay a finger on 
you?” 
“No one would lay a finger on me unless they wanted the Thompsons oron their tail.” Bella found them 
overstraining themselves with anxiety. 
“Bella!” 
Her three brothers gathered around. They were relieved that Bella 
looked fine and her clothes were intact. 
“Good morning, Asher, Axel.” 
Christopher approached with a smile and turned to Ralph. “Ah, you’re 
here too, Ralph. I guess it’s not busy at the station this morning.” 
Ralph gritted his teeth, tempted to just cuff the gu 
guy. 
Axel was not having it. “We’re not on a first-name basis. That’s Mr. 
Axel Thompson to you!” 
“That’s true. I have not been back for a long time. We have grown 
apart, I suppose.” 
Christopher did not mind them. Instead, he took a lingering look at 
Bella. “I don’t care what you think of me, but my feelings for Bella
have never changed.” 
This was the second time Christopher hid their princess. 
Although Christopher did nothing, his behavior constantly tested the 
Thompson brothers’ patience. 
“Come on, guys. We should head home.” Sensing the tension in the 
air, Bella tugged on Asher’s and Axel’s sleeves while giving them a 
look. 
“Take Bella home.” 
With furrowed brows, Asher grabbed Bella’s hand and gave her a little 
squeeze. “Mr. Iverson, a word, please.” 
Christopher kept a friendly smile. “Sure.” 
Seeing that there was no talking sense into Asher, Bella was escorted 
into the car by her brothers and Steven. 
As the car drove away, Bella looked out the window, and her heart 
dropped. 
The dried pool of blood on a blanket of snow by the road was
alarming. 
Tension was thick in the living room. 
Asher sat sternly on the sofa with his legs crossed. 
His gaze on Christopher was not as kind as before. 
“Here, have some tea.” Christopher served him a drink. 
“I don’t need it. I’ll make this quick.” 
Act Fast Free Bonus Time is Running Out!
###chapter611
With downcast eyes, Asher glanced at his watch emotionlessly. “Mr. Iverson, I know my sister. She 
would never spend the night at a man’s house. She never once did. Yet, last night, she stayed at yours. 
You owe me an explanation.” 
“You won’t let her spend the night out, but you supported her secret marriage. You let her marry a jerk 
without being acknowledged and let her go through hell at her in-laws’ home for three years behind 
your father’s back.” Christopher sat across from Asher with a smile. 
Asher’s breath hitched as he pursed his lips. “It’s not the same thing. Don’t try to turn it against us. 
Bella married Justin because she once loved him so much. She made that choice herself. As her 
brother, I 
respect her wishes, even though I disapprove of them. But you’re 
different, Mr. Iverson.” 
Christopher tensed his jawline, and his expression was no longer 
calm. 
“I know Bella doesn’t feel the same way about you. Your pushiness on the matter will only annoy Bella 
and make me see you in a different light.” Aggression was reflected in Asher’s eyes. 
Christopher pushed his gold-rimmed glasses up and smiled faintly. 
He swallowed hard to fight back the fury.
“I only invited Bella here last night. My mother and I wanted to see her, and we had a pleasant dinner 
together. Justin later called Bella, and God knows what he said, because Bella passed out from rage.” 
Christopher was livid just thinking of last night’s incident. 
Asher scowled. 
He could tell the man was not lying, but Asher would not put all his faith in Christopher’s words. 
“Even so, it is not right for you to keep Bella at your place for the night without informing us. Bella is the 
apple of my father’s eye, and she is precious to me too. Bella might not mind what happened last night, 
but I won’t let it slide.” 
Asher slowly rose to his feet and walked along the hallway to the entrance, looking intimidating. “Mr. 
Iverson, our parents are close, and you may have feelings for Bella, but I should make things clear for 
you on behalf of my father. You can be friends with Bella, but I am against you getting involved with her 
romantically. My father won’t approve of it either. You’ll never be associated with my family.” 
The words, though not hurtful, were humiliating. 
In other words, Christopher could forget ever marrying or dating Bella. 
As Asher made his way out, Christopher said with a smile, “Mr. Thompson, Bella will marry me one 
day, and I look forward to the day 
you attend our wedding.” 
“You must be dreaming to think Bella will marry you.” 
Asher scoffed and waltzed out the door. 
The moment the door was closed, Christopher’s smile froze.
“When have I ever needed your approval to do anything? What a joke.” 
Just then, Christopher’s phone rang. It was his secretary calling. 
“Mr. Iverson, I have two things to report to you. First, Ms. Zoe Hoffman just returned from abroad.” 
Christopher curled his lips. “And the other thing?” 
“You asked me to investigate Justin’s medical history. I have not gotten the specifics, but Justin was 
badly injured last month and was treated at Deux Hospital. He was discharged two days later.” 
“I don’t need to know the specifics. It’s enough for me to know that he was badly injured.” The man 
raised his brow with intrigue. 
“What do you plan to do now, Mr. Iverson?” His secretary asked cautiously. 
“I want him dead,” Christopher said menacingly. 
The secretary sighed and lamented, “We are not in our territory. Otherwise, you would have killed 
Justin a long time ago.” 
“It’s fine. He’ll die in my hands sooner or later. I have patience.”
###chapter612
Ryan’s private jet descended at Savrow Airport in the middle of the 
night. 
Zoe, with her vibrant brown curls cascading down her back and a luxurious fur coat draped around her, 
stepped down from the staircase and entered a fancy car. 
Since the knockoff incident with Bethany, Ryan banned Zoe from leaving the house and confiscated 
her phone. That way, Zoe could not contact her friends who might lead her astray. 
Later, she made a huge fuss and starved herself. 
Feeling bad for Zoe, Claire persuaded her son to lift the ban and send 
Zoe to Inalia instead for some soul-searching. 
Now that it was winter, Ryan begrudgingly let Zoe return to Savrow 
Zoe had spent way too much time in Inalia, but Ryan never once 
visited her. That was cruel of him. 
“Where’s Ryan? Why didn’t he pick me up from the airport?” 
Zoe threw a tantrum in front of Ryan’s bodyguard, Adam. She k 
kicking the back of the front passenger seat, where Adam sat. 
Adam had watched Zoe grow up. Although he was Ryan’s confidante,
he had also worked for Zoe for a long time. Adam looked at Zoe 
tenderly and was coy about Ryan’s whereabouts. 
“Mr. Hoffman has been busy lately.” 
“He’s changed. I don’t mean anything to him anymore.” Zoe pounded the back of the seat in tears. “He 
would always pick me up, no matter how busy he was before. This time around, he didn’t even call me 
once. He doesn’t care about me anymore!” 
She screamed and fussed until she choked out sobs. 
Adam felt bad for her. 
In the end, Adam mustered the courage and murmured, “I have news, Ms. Hoffman, but you must keep 
your cool.” 
“What is it?” Zoe took the tissue from the bodyguard to wipe her tears. 
“Mr. Hoffman hasn’t been in touch with you recently because he has been busy with Ms. Carrie 
Salvador.” Adam was secretive about it. 
“What did you say?” Zoe was baffled. 
“That’s not the only thing.” 
Adam drew closer to her and cut to the chase. “Mr. Hoffman is living 
with Ms. Carrie now.” 
“No way! No way!”
Seeing red, Zoe yelled, “How could that fool live in my family home? My brother has never brought a 
woman home before.” 
“Mr. Hoffman didn’t bring her back to the Hoffmans’ residence. He 
kept her in one of his many properties.” 
Zoe felt her world crumbling. 
“Where exactly? Take me there now. 
yersspprivate residence was nestled amid the affluence of Savrow’s 
filssidel its white walls and green top a testament to wealth. 
Mihouobinthe house was not as grand as the Hoffmans residence, the 
area wwws mouet and serene with stunning views. It was a perfect place 
QUAMMORelax. 
van had stayed with Carme during her recovery in the past few days. 
roppang hits work and social engagements to keep her company 
for Corne’s sake. he retired from playing the field and changed 
aspain’s oporo of 
Ryan, I made you agit Come and take a look.” 
Carrie, dressed in a reef boodle with a white fluffy lining, smiled jleefully as she tookRwards hand and 
dragged him to the backyard
(asmin stared at the bees molt face, finding that Carrie resembled the 
ittle red riding hood. 
iven a wornan like her was taskendo dente, much less Ryan. 
Slow down. We have not cheerce the snow from the path. I don 
vant you to fall.” The man’s we were filled with tenderness. 
tyan cared for Carrie so much during the past few days that he ha 
ot let her feet touch the ground. Het onted her around the villa, 
except when she had to use the bathropom 
He realized what it meant to spoil someone 
t was a blanket of white in the backyard: Tadlash greenery covered 
in snow was a beautiful sight. 
Carrie was like a blossoming flower in the winter wonderland, capturing Ryan’s entire attention and 
pulling his heartstrings. 
“Look, Ryan!” 
Ryan held Carrie’s frozen hand tight in his grasp as she pointed at the 
plump snowman in the middle of the yard. Her eyes were smiley. “I 
made you a snowman. It’s pretty, right?”
He was filled with glee until he got a good look at the snowman. 
His headshot was stuck to the face of the plump snowman, and it 
was creepy. 
That was not the only thing. 
The picture Carrie chose did not capture his good looks. 
Besides, the headshot was black and white, the type used on 
gravestones. 
“I have a lot of nice photos, Carrie. Why did you pick this one?” Ry 
was speechless. 
“Uh… I took this picture in secret. I wanted to give you a surprise.” Carrie looked up at him, wide-eyed 
and rosy-cheeked. 
“Why did you get the photo in black and white?” 
“Erm… The printer ran out of colored ink.” 
Ryan sighed wryly and ran his fingers down her red hoodie. 
All was fine with him. 
He S 
not have asked for more when Carrie made him a gift.
“Woof! Woof!” 
Suddenly, Ryan’s pet Doberman sprung out of nowhere and pounced 
on the snowman. 
“Hey, Millionaire! Get back here!” 
Ryan shouted anxiously, but it was too late. 
Millionaire knocked his head off. 
“Woof! Woof!” Millionaire wagged its tail and barked excitedly. 
Carrie blinked. “Erm… Ryan, your head fell…” 
Ryan clenched his fists. 
In the mood for playtime, Millionaire kicked the snowball back and 
forth. 
Carrie exclaimed, “Wow! Millionaire is kicking your head like a ball.” 
Ryan clenched his teeth and yelled, shaking the snow off the 
branches. “Millionaire, how dare you kick your dad’s head! I’m 
to disown you!” 
Millionaire must have gotten the message because it turned to Carm 
with pleading eyes and whimpered.
“No! Don’t punish Millionaire!” 
Carrie nestled up to Ryan for once, dangling his arm. “I’ll make you 
another one. Hang on.” 
Overwhelmed by a tingling sensation, the man stared at her with 
affection. “Millionaire, if your mom didn’t plead your case, you would 
be done for tonight.” 
Ryan’s heart raced. 
However, Carrie had run off to make another snowman. 
It was a good thing Carrie did not hear what he just said. 
Yet, somehow, he wished she had.
###chapter613
Carrie hopped to the snowman, and Millionaire rolled the snowman’s 
head back. 
She carried the snowball and got on her tiptoes to put the head back. 
1. Millionaire wagged its tail and circled the beautiful girl while 
rolling by her feet. 
“Hahaha. Aren’t you cold, Millionaire? I’ll knit you a sweater.” 
“Woof! Woof!” 
Millionaire wagged its tail, seemingly to acknowledge Carrie. He jumped on Carrie excitedly and licked 
her cheeks. 
“Hahaha, that tickles! Stop it, Millionaire.” Carrie fell to the ground, 
and they started rolling around in the snow. 
Ryan watched the heartwarming scene and stared at Carrie lovingly. 
He thought he could never have such a mundane yet happy life 
It never occurred to him that Carrie would be the one to give it 
He had what other men had, too. 
“Mr. Hoffman, Millionaire is a biter and only listens to you. I didn’t
expect Millionaire to get along well with Ms. Carrie,” Yasmin 
approached and said with a gratifying smile. 
“Millionaire’s a perv.” 
Yasmin thought to herself, ‘Well, the pet takes after the owner.’ 
Ryan was jealous of Millionaire pouncing on Carrie and was tempted 
to disown the dog. 
Damn it. He had stooped so low to be jealous of a dog. 
“Millionaire, leave her alone!” Ryan shouted angrily. 
He went over and helped Carrie up. The latter was covered in snow. 
“There’s too much snow. I don’t want you to catch a cold.” He leaned 
forward and brushed the snow off her. 
“Thank you, Ryan.” 
“Don’t thank me.” 
Ryan fixated on her pretty eyes, his breath sweeping against her rosy 
cheeks. “Carrie, you are important to me. It makes me happy to be 
with you. I should be the one to thank you.” 
“But I have done nothing.” Carrie looked confused.
“You have done a lot.” 
Ryan gripped her frozen hands and rubbed them against his 
her hands to his lips and breathed out warm air. 
“Come to my arms.” 
The man unbuttoned his black coat, and she nestled into his embrac 
She nuzzled up against him and closed her eyes in comfort, 
enveloped in his scorching testosterone. 
Ryan felt a fiery sensation creeping up his loins. 
“Carrie.” 
“Huh?” Carrie’s soft voice sounded muffled. 
“You can only behave like this with me.” 
Ryan lowered his gaze at her, his eyes fervent in the snowstorm. He wished he could hold her forever. 
His voice was raspy. “I will be angry. if you behave like this with someone else. I can be scary when I’m 
mad.” 
“H-How scary?” Carrie was timid, and it showed in her eyes.. 
The affectionate look on Ryan’s face was bewitching as he drew 
close to her face, his lips nearly touching hers. “Very scary. Do you
want to test me? Hm?”
###chapter614
Carrie shook her head, her heart beating out of her chest. 
“I-I got it. I’ll only be like this with you. Don’t be mad, okay?” 
Ryan had been nothing but nice to her for the past few days. He bought her lots of pretty clothes, which 
Bethany normally wore. Carrie 
did not own nice clothes before. 
The food there was delicious. Although Bella’s cooking was better, 
the food was still delicious. 
Ryan would also blow her hair dry, feed her, and sleep in the same 
bed as her. 
They were just sharing a bed. 
Ryan pampered and doted on her. She would be so ungrateful if she 
made him angry. 
“Good girl.” 
Her bright, dewy eyes tempted Ryan to kiss her. Struck by a thought, 
he wanted to slap himself in remorse. 
He wondered if he was grooming her.
However, Ryan really hoped Carrie could stay by his side. 
His heart dropped when he imagined her marrying someone else and 
being in someone else’s arms. 
He could not bear the thought of her kissing another man and bearing 
his child. 
“I need you here, Mr. Hoffman.” Yasmin took a call and called him 
over. 
“Alright.” 
Ryan went to Yasmin. “What’s up?” 
Yasmin glanced at Carrie before speaking in hushed tones, “I got a call from lan, Mr. Salvador’s 
secretary. He said Mr. Salvador’s injury 
has gotten worse.” 
“What did you say?” Dismayed, Ryan did not watch his tone. 
Carrie looked at them with a confused look. 
“lan did not give me the specifics. He said that Mr. Salvador is focused on his recovery at his private 
villa, and no one knows about it. lan couldn’t stand it and contacted me in secret. He hopes you can 
visit him.” 
“I got it. Bring the car around, Yasmin. We’ll leave now.”
Not wanting Carrie to worry, Ryan did not say a word about Justin’s injury to her. He simply told her that 
he had business to take care of and might not be home tonight. Carrie should go ahead and go to bed. 
at the usual time. 
“I’ll wait for you to come home. I’ll sleep when you’re back.” Carrie 
walked him to the door. 
Though she did not make her feelings known, her reluctance was 
written all over her face. 
Chapte 
Feeling warm and cozy inside, Ryan smiled at her and instructed the helper, Fiona. “Take good care of 
Ms. Salvador.” 
Minutes after Ryan’s ride left, the three fancy cars that were supposed to escort Zoe back to the 
Hoffmans’ residence showed up 
at the gates. 
“This is the place, Ms. Hoffman,” Adam muttered. 
“My brother sure is generous to the dimwit bitch. Is that house supposed to be their marital home?” Zoe 
stared at the beautiful white 
walls and green roof while shaking in rage. 
“Don’t be mad, Ms. Hoffman. It’s known across Savrow what type of
man Mr. Hoffman is.” 
Adam consoled Zoe, “Mr. Hoffman will never be sincere with any woman. I have observed him in the 
last few years. It’s all novelty with Ms. Carrie. He will be bored soon enough.” 
“What do you know? It’s different this time. He’s my brother. I can tell 
it’s different.” 
Zoe’s face was flushed. “Carrie has my brother wrapped around her finger. He had been with too many 
pretty girls, and now he finds the idiot refreshing. It’s like he’s been hexed. Isn’t he afraid that his child. 
with the dimwit will be handicapped too? It will ruin the Hoffmans’ 
great genes.” 
Adam dared not say a word.
###chapter615
“I will never allow the idiot to be my sister-in-law. Either she goes, or 
I’ll go!” 
Zoe opened the car door angrily. With Adam staying put, she asked in surprise, “Aren’t you coming 
along?” 
“I’m sorry, Ms. Hoffman. I work for Mr. Hoffman, so I’m not in a position to intervene.” Adam was caught 
between a rock and a hard 
place. 
“Alright. I get it. I won’t let anybody know that you helped me, but you 
must keep an eye on my brother for me.” 
Zoe’s creepy eyes were out of place with her appearance. “You have done well. Your work won’t go 
unrewarded.” 
Adam shook his head and expressed his loyalty. “I’m happy to do anything for you, Ms. Hoffman.” 
Zoe got out of the car and slammed the door. She uttered in disdain, Tsk. I’m way out of his league. If it 
isn’t because I have use for him, it 
makes me sick to breathe the same air as him.” 
With her entourage of bodyguards and a secretary, the group banged 
violently on the villa door.
Fiona ran out, her expression stiffening at the sight of Zoe. She sounded flustered. “M-Ms. Hoffman, 
what brings you here?” 
“Is Ryan in?” 
Seeing that Fiona had been reassigned to serve Carrie, Zoe grew livid. 
“M-Mr. Hoffman isn’t around.” Fiona panicked. 
“Where is Carrie? The bitch must be in there.” 
“Mr. Hoffman has said that no one is allowed into the villa without his permission, Ms. Hoffman.” 
Though flustered, Fiona remained loyal 
and refused Zoe and her group entry. 
“Fiona, you have been working for my family for more than a decade. I won’t care that you’re family at 
this point if you don’t give way,” Zoe 
threatened. 
“I’m sorry, Ms. Hoffman. I only take orders from Mr. Hoffman. Please 
leave.” 
“Argh!” 
Zoe kicked the door, infuriated. “Smash the door open!” 
In the end, her security detail rammed the door through and apprehended Fiona. 
Zoe led her secretary to barge into the living room.
“Carrie! You bitch!” 
Carrie sat on the sofa, watching cartoons while playing with 
Millionaire. 
She froze. Color drained from her face when Zoe entered the room. 
She cowered in the corner of the sofa with her hands over her head. 
“Don’t hit me! Don’t hit me!” 
“You deserve a beating! You’re a disgusting idiot to seduce my brother! Die, bitch!” Zoe ran her mouth. 
Zoe sprinted over and grabbed Carrie by the hair before hitting her in 
the face. 
Zoe would not have the guts to hit anyone on Ryan’s watch. 
With Ryan gone, nothing was stopping her from letting off steam with 
violence. 
“Ugh!” 
Carrie’s ear injury had just healed. She felt a sharp pain and broke out in a cold sweat after taking 
another hard hit. 
“Get that disgusting bitch out of here! My brother owns this place, so it belongs to me too. I will not let 
her stay here,” Zoe commanded. 
The secretary went straight to work, grabbing Carrie by the arm and dragging her out.
“Grrrr!” 
The abuse of Carrie infuriated Millionaire. The loyal dog charged at 
the secretary and bit her arm. 
“Ah! Let me go! Let me go!” Zoe’s secretary screamed in pain from 
the bite as she let go of Carrie. 
Zoe was shocked by this as well, so she backed away. 
The secretary kicked Millionaire again and again, but Millionaire kept biting her, refusing to let her go. 
“Don’t hurt Millionaire… Stop!” Carrie hugged the Doberman, 
protecting it with her weak body. 
Zoe’s eyes reddened. She took advantage of the chaos to kick Carrie. 
“Zoe Hoffman!” 
The sharp, chilling roar of her name pierced through Zoe’s ears before she could retract her leg. She 
was caught red-handed for bullying 
Carrie. 
Zoe looked back stiffly. Her trembling heart almost leaped out of her chest, and she nearly choked in 
shock.
“R-Ryan…” 
She saw Ryan standing there, glaring at her with rage. His handso face was shrouded in gloom and 
fury. 
His chest was heaving as anger surged in his eyes. 
Carrie did not know Ryan had arrived. She was still hugging 
Millionaire tightly with her eyes closed. Her trembling body curled up 
pitifully.
###chapter616
Chapp:616 
The secretary’s vision went black for a moment. She forgot about the pain in her arm due to the shock 
and fear. 
Who could have foreseen Ryan would return so soon? 
“Zoe Hoffman, did you hit Carrie?” Ryan’s eyes widened when he saw Carrie’s red and swollen cheek 
as he advanced closer to the poor girl. 
Zoe shuddered fiercely. 
She had never seen her brother look like that before. It was extremely 
terrifying. 
Since things had gotten to this point, there was nothing Zoe could say to defend herself. Besides, Ryan 
had doted on Zoe so much since she 
was young. 
No matter how much Ryan liked Carrie, he would not do anything drastic to Zoe because of Carrie, 
right? His family had always come 
first. 
“Yeah, I hit her! You’re too much, Ryan! You’ve disappointed and hurt me so much!” Zoe yelled back at 
Ryan. 
Zoe’s tears streamed down her face as she cried and continued
sent me to Inalia and left me alone for so long. You didn’t even me once! It turns out that you were 
spending time with this bitch he 
You abandoned your sister because of her! Ryan Hoffman! Do you st 
Smack-! 
Before Zoe even finished speaking, the crisp sound of a slap resounded through the living room. 
Ryan slapped Zoe with an expressionless face. He had never done 
this before. 
Zoe’s face was turned to the side from the force of the slap. Her fair and tender cheek immediately 
swelled, leaving a humiliating red mark on her face. Ryan did not hold back his strength for this slap. 
It really hurt… 
With that slap, Zoe’s cheek swelled, and her heart shattered into 
pieces. 
Yasmin happened to walk in right then. She was extremely shocked 
to see this scene too. 
Who in Savrow did not know that Ryan was famous in Savrow for being extremely doting on his sister? 
Thus, Yasmin never expected to see this shocking scene in her 
lifetime.
“Zoe Hoffman, I’m truly wondering if you’re my sister or just a 
coldhearted and cruel woman who looks like her.” 
Ryan did not glance at Zoe again. He helped Carrie up and gath 
her into his arms, his heart aching as he hugged her tightly. “Ha 
spoiled you so much? Is that why you’re no longer the simple and innocent little girl you once were? In 
that case, you’re no longer my 
little sister.”
###chapter617
Zoe was completely stunned, and her pale face slowly darkened, as if 
she were possessed. 
“Ryan… What are you saying? Are you disowning me as your sister? 
Ryan!” 
Ryan ignored Zoe and focused on Carrie, rubbing her trembling back 
over and over. 
“Don’t be scared. Don’t be scared. I’m back. No one will dare to hurt 
you again. No one.” 
But this time, Carrie was not as obedient as she once was. Her breathing became heavier as she 
resisted Ryan’s touch. She was like 
a prickly little hedgehog. 
“No… You’re not my brother. You’re Zoe Hoffman’s brother…” 
Her soft and powerless little hands kept pushing against Ryan’s solid chest. With every push, Carrie 
wished she had a knife she could use to stab into his chest and hurt him. “Let me go! I want to go 
home… I 
want Grandpa. I want to go home!” 
“Carrie, be good, please…” Ryan tried to coax her, eyes red.
“Let go… Let me go!” 
But no matter how Carrie cried and screamed, Ryan refused to let go, 
not even for a second. 
On the contrary, he held her tighter. 
His large, rough palm wrapped around her slender waist. His grip was so tight that her fair skin had 
turned red through her white dress. 
Then he narrowed his eyes slightly and pressed his thin lips to her ear, his voice hoarse as he said 
softly, “You’re right. I’m not your brother… I’m your man, Carrie.” 
Zoe’s eyes widened with shock as she watched her brother give all his love to the girl she had bullied 
since her school days. Zoe thought she could bully Carrie forever. 
She felt like her heart had been dug out and her soul was going to be 
ripped in half. 
The pain was crippling. It hurt a hundred times more than when she 
found out Justin loved Bella Thompson! 
Ryan was the most important man in Zoe’s life. She always thought that she would be able to live her 
whole life capriciously as his 
younger sister.
But no, she could feel herself losing the protection that was once 
solely hers. 
He was going to give it all to Carrie Salvador! 
“My… Man?” Carrie looked up, her teary eyes filled with heart- wrenching confusion. 
“Yes, yours.” Ryan’s voice was husky, and his eyes smoldered with 
passion. 
Zoe’s sparkling crystal palace life was about to fall to pieces. 
Yasmin smiled in relief from a hidden corner as she watched Ryan 
confess his feelings to Carrie passionately. 
Carrie had taken a beating, and her trauma had been triggered by Zoe’s appearance. She had been 
through a lot and ended up crying 
herself to sleep in Ryan’s arms. 
Ryan carried her back to her room and used a clean towel to wipe her sweat and tears away before 
tucking her under the covers. 
“Mmph…” Carrie rolled over. Her brows were scrunched deeply, which 
showed her discomfort. 
Ryan’s heart clenched with sadness, anger, and self-reproach. His
handsome face was serious and pale. 
“I’m sorry, Carrie. It’s all my fault. I didn’t protect you well…” 
Yasmin pushed open the door and walked in gingerly. She stood there, hesitant to speak for fear of 
disturbing her boss’ tender 
moment. 
“Say what you want to say.” Ryan gently caressed Carrie’s cheek, but his expression was cold. 
“I have the footage you asked for.” 
Yasmin walked over to Ryan and respectfully handed the phone to 
him. 
Ryan managed to rush back so quickly because he knew what was happening at home through the 
dozens of surveillance cameras he 
installed. 
There were practically no blind spots. 
With his phone, Ryan could monitor the situation at home remotely, in 
real-time. 
He stared at the phone with a glum face. 
Ryan watched from the moment Zoe entered and ordered her people to restrain Fiona, up to the point 
she burst into the house to hit and
kick Carrie. 
He remained silent for a moment. 
“Mr. Hoffman, what do you think…?”
###chapter618
Before Yasmin could finish speaking, she suddenly felt a sharp pain 
in her wrist. 
Ryan’s eyes looked like they were about to spit flames as he raised his hand and sent Yasmin’s phone 
flying. 
“Please calm down, Mr. Hoffman.” Yasmin hurriedly drew back and 
bowed deeply. 
But Ryan, filled with rage, had already stood up and strode out the 
door. 
Downstairs, Zoe’s forehead was covered with sweat as she sat 
uneasily on the sofa. She was surrounded by four of Ryan’s bodyguards, unable to leave. 
“M-Ms. Zoe… Mr. Ryan is angry… What should we do?” Zoe’s secretary kneeled at Zoe’s feet and 
hugged Zoe’s leg in fear. 
“You’re asking me? How should I know?!” 
Heavy footsteps interrupted them. 
Ryan walked over with Yasmin trailing behind him. Instantly, a freezing chill swept through the living 
room. 
“Ryan…” Zoe called his name weakly.
She realized that losing her temper was pointless at that moment, so 
she could only pretend to be innocent and pitiful. 
“You hit Carrie and even kicked her. I saw everything clearly on the 
camera.” Ryan took a deep breath, trying to forcibly suppress his 
wrath. 
If she were not his biological sister, it was truly unimaginable what 
would have happened. 
“Ryan… I-I was just overcome by anger in the heat of the moment. You watched me grow up. I’ve 
never hit anyone before this! Even fuzzy caterpillars scare me… I’ve never done this before!” Zoe 
defended herself with a red face. 
But Ryan remained expressionless, and his face was completely 
unreadable. 
“It was her! She instigated me!” 
Zoe turned slightly and kicked her secretary. “It was all her! She’s been fanning the flames ever since I 
got off the plane. She instigated me to hit Carrie! I’ve always hated her, so how could I put up with it?! 
It’s all because of her that I’m like this!” 
“N-No… I didn’t…” The secretary was so frightened that she kneeled 
and cowered. She wanted to refute it but did not dare to.
“Why do you hate Carrie? What has she ever done to you?” Ryan 
asked with a grim gaze. 
“She-” 
Zoe spluttered and found a random excuse. “She’s a retard, but she still dared to seduce you! How 
could I allow a woman like that to become my future sister-in-law?!” 
“Why can’t she be your sister-in-law? Do I need your approval to 
choose a girlfriend?” Ryan narrowed his eyes slightly and laughed, but 
this was a more terrifying sight than his anger. 
“I-1-” Zoe wanted to cry from anger, completely disheartened by his 
behavior. 
“And there’s one thing you’ve gotten wrong.” 
Ryan recalled the woman who played happily in the snow and her soft 
lips. His body was ignited with desire. “She didn’t seduce me. I seduced her. I’m the one who wants to 
be with her.” 
Zoe’s vision flickered out, feeling like her world had caved in. 
The trash that she had been trampling all over this whole time was 
about to rise above her! 
“Yasmin.”
“Yes, Mr. Hoffman.” Yasmin stepped forward. 
“Break this woman’s arms and legs and send her off to Angress.” 
Ryan’s voice was cold as he casually gave Zoe’s secretary a death 
sentence. 
Angress… 
“Mr. Hoffman! It wasn’t me… Ms. Zoe told me to do all of it! Mr. 
Hoffman!” 
No matter how the secretary cried, it was of no use. 
Yasmin waved her hand indifferently, and two tall, burly bodyguards 
came forward to drag Zoe’s secretary out like a sack. 
Zoe was petrified, not daring to move a muscle. 
This was the first time in her life that she saw her handsome brother live up to his ” 
nickname. 
“This is my private villa. Apart from myself, Yasmin, and a few other of my most trusted men, no one 
else knows about this place, 
including you and Mom.” 
Ryan looked down and took out an exquisite cigarette case before
taking a cigarette out and placing it between his lips. “So, who exactly tipped you off?” 
Zoe was trembling under her gorgeous fur coat. Her cold sweat soaked through the thick coat.
###chapter619
“Those around me are all well aware of my temper. What I hate the 
most are traitors.” 
Ryan lit his cigarette with his gloved hand and tilted his head up slightly to exhale the smoke. Then he 
asked calmly, “Who told you. 
that Carrie and I were staying here, Zoe?” 
It was like a thorn was lodged in Zoe’s throat. Her face turned pale, and she had completely lost the 
ability to speak. 
This was her brother Ryan, who doted on her and loved her the most. 
But at this moment, she was terrified of him. 
“You don’t know? That’s fine. I do.” 
As he finished his sentence, another two bodyguards dragged Adam inside. He had already been 
beaten half to death. 
Zoe covered her mouth in shock. 
There was a bright red trail of blood that followed Adam the wh way he had been dragged into the living 
room. 
I
“Adam, you’ve been with me for a decade, and I normally treat your well. If it weren’t for me back then, 
you would have been beaten to 
death on the streets long ago.” 
Ryan sat down leisurely on the chair that Yasmin had brought over. Is this how you repay me? By 
pretending to be loyal in front of me but fawning all over my sister behind my back? You’re pretty good 
at 
playing the double agent, I see.” 
“M-Ms. Zoe… Help me… 
Now that things had come to this point, Adam had no choice but to beg Zoe for help. 
Zoe hurriedly turned away. She nearly wanted to puke at the sight of his face, which had been beaten 
beyond recognition. 
“Yasmin, you know the rules.” Ryan narrowed his eyes slightly before slowly taking a puff of his 
cigarette. 
“Yes, Mr. Hoffman.” 
Yasmin walked up to Adam with an indifferent expression and leaned down to grip his jaw with her left 
hand. 
Zoe covered her face with her hands and screamed in shock before 
fainting. 
After that night, there was no more news about Justin.
Three nights in a row, Bella had nightmares, and every single 
them had to do with Justin. 
Although they said that dreams were often the opposite of reality, 
those dreams were too realistic. 
No matter how she thought about the pool of blood at Christopher Iverson’s doorstep, she felt like 
something was off. 
“Bella, these are the meds for the second course of treatment.” 
Chopp! 
Mila knocked on the door and entered the room to place the 
medication in front of Bella. 
Bella was packing her things in preparation to go back to Savrow. She hurriedly put down what she 
was holding and picked up the bottle of medicine happily. “Thank you, Aunt Mila.” 
“What are you thanking me for? As long as it’s something our dear Bella wants, I’ll try my best to satisfy 
you.” 
Mila lovingly stroked Bella’s beautiful hair before suddenly asking, ” Oh, right. How’s Justin’s wound?” 
“You’re concerned about him?” Bella was slightly surprised. 
“How is that possible?!”
Mila hurriedly explained, as if afraid of being tied to that man. “The medication he’s been taking was 
developed by my family’s pharmaceutical company. Of course, I have to ask how our test subject is 
doing. I’m concerned about the side effects of our company’s medication.” 
When Bella heard this, she pursed her lips. A gloom overwhelmed her. 
The drug that the Larsons had developed to treat internal organ injuries was actually still in its clinical 
trial stage and had not been officially launched yet. 
But for the sake of treating Justin’s injuries, Bella could only take the 
risk and use it on Justin.. 
Otherwise, Justin’s condition would have continued to deteriorate, 
which would have left permanent after-effects. 
“He seemed fine, like he didn’t have any problems. But Aunt Mila, wwhat are the drug’s side effects?” 
Mila shook her head and sighed. “I don’t know. That’s why I asked h how he was doing. But there are 
two things he has to pay extra a attention to while on the drug.” 
B Bella hurriedly asked, “What is it?” 
“The first is to not get injured again because the body needs to rest. AAnother thing is to avoid getting 
angry and overly emotional. That wwould be harmful to his body and would even cause his health to 
dedeteriorate further.” 
BBeila’s breath hitched, and she frowned slightly. 
AAt the thought of that pool of blood, her heart began to twinge with
parain.
###chapter620
ar Bella and Steven were all packed up they praepmed to head back Savrow with the medication Mila 
gave Bellan. 
1. are you in a rush? Aren’t you going to eat first ?inefood’s lbst Rendy.” Celeste rushed over, still 
wearing an apron. 
Lomay Aunt Celeste. I’m in a rush to get back 
ernativer halfway and held Celeste’s small face ahhhenbands, bond to one side and then the other to 
look at it.”Aunnit celeste, ay infusay is coming soon. You should rest well for the nect wo toptt stoc 
doing any housework. You should be going tochne spa beauty treauty treatments, okay? You need to 
be the mpson rthday dimony dirt on earn this weekend!” 
ver. bactuallyatturally don’t even want to celebrate it. I feel so tiredd ght of having teaving to socialize 
with so many people this Celeste sighet beghed helplessly. “I’m just doing this to make your 
making my dad mapdad happy. My dad is making you happy. of us want to calato celebrate your 
birthday for you.” 
arning appeared in Beth in Bella’s eyes. “Listen to me. You’re not strain yourself anybranymore. it have 
many eyes and ears at bu don’t listen to me they’ibrehey’ll report it back to me. Then, I’ll If that 
happens, I’ll just enjoys enjoy the free food at your birthday 
won’t give you a birthday only present. Hmph!” 
stood beside her, could nachat not help but smile fondly.
Bella could not be cuter than when she pretended to be angry, because she would stick her nose in the 
air and pout. 
Celeste smiled gently and lightly pinched Bella’s cheek. “What other birthday gift will be better than 
having my family together?” 
Celeste grew up in an orphanage. While singing in a drama troupe, she was discovered by a talent 
scout and signed on to a talent agency. That was how she stumbled her way into the entertainment 
industry and became an actress. 
She came from a poor background and had a rough life. Compared to Wyatt Thompson’s other wives, 
Celeste was not of noble birth, like Mila Larson. Neither was she like Sasha Jenkins, who had a 
terrifying 
mob boss father to back her up. 
Celeste always felt very insecure and unworthy of Wyatt, feeling even more undeserving of this family. 
She only wanted to live quietly, humbly, and in a low-profile manner. She did not wish for anything but 
to keep the simple and happy life 
she had now. She did not want to trouble anyone. 
Bella choked up a little when she heard this. 
Sigh, how she admired Wyatt. 
Bella suddenly wanted to follow in her father’s footsteps and have 
multiple partners. 
It was just a shame that there were lots of good women, but good
men were few and far between. She was afraid that her partners 
would turn out to be trash. 
“Bella.” 
A somewhat stern, baritone voice spoke. 
Bella quickly looked back, only to see Asher walk down the white 
marble stairs, wearing a black pastor’s robe and holding a Bible in his 
leeft hand. 
“Wasiber.” 
Bella don’t be in a rush to leave just yet. I have something I want to taktovou about in private.” 
In the tea room, Asher personally made a good cup of tea for his sister. The fragrance of the tea drifted 
into the air and invigorated the 
spirit 
Bella propped leer chin on her hands as she watched her brother demonstratechist tea-making skills 
with fascination. He was as elegant and charming as a prince. 
It was hard to linaggine the kind of woman who could be wort 
eldest brothers 
“Bella, are you readyinterested in Christopher Iverson?” Asher g pushed the cup of teal towards Bella 
and asked calmly.
“Huh?!” Bella was stunned by this sudden question and nearly dropped the cup of tea that istine had 
just picked up. 
“I’m asking you a serious question.” 
“No! No way in hell” Bella was resolute as she shook her head repeatedly. 
“Then don’t get too close to him from now on.” Asher picked up his cup of tea and sipped on it 
gracefully. 
“Uh, he came looking for me first. I never approached him.” 
“So you’re not accepting him, but you’re not rejecting him either? Are you a player?” Asher mocked in a 
warm tone. 
“What do you mean, Asher? How am I being a player? And who says that about their own sister?!” 
Bella flushed angrily. 
“Bella, if you don’t like him, you have to draw a clear line with him. The way you’re acting is giving 
Christopher Iverson the wrong impression that he has a chance with you.”
###chapter621
Asher paused, then lowered his voice. “Also, Christopher Iverson is 
much more cunning and devious than you or I can tell. Like an 
iceberg, you can only see the fraction that’s on the surface. He left 
the country for 15 years and suddenly returned from Sentania to 
approach you. Bella, you’re the heiress of KS Group. You have a 
higher net worth than any princess or queen. You’re just a very low- key person. You’re definitely the 
woman of every man’s dreams. I 
don’t believe that Christopher Iverson is completely sincere about 
you. I’m sure he has ulterior motives toward you.” 
As he said this, he scowled. “To be honest, Justin Salvador is 
somehow better than Christopher Iverson.” 
“Asher!” Bella’s heart trembled as she clutched her cup tightly. 
“At the very least, he gives his all for the woman he loves and doesn’t have any ulterior motives about 
it.” 
“Ha! That’s true. He really gave his all and more for Rosalind Gold.” 
Bella slammed her teacup on the table, and her eyes reddened. “He even enlisted in the army and tried 
to die on the battlefield because
he thought she dumped him!” 
“But hasn’t he risked his life for you too? He even got injured because 
of it and still hasn’t recovered yet. We don’t even know if it’ll leave any 
permanent after-effects.” 
Bella’s heart began beating even harder as her expression faltered.” 
That’s not the same.” 
“Bella, I don’t think you fell for the wrong person or that you were 
blind for loving Justin deeply. He has displayed all of his faults, including the fact that he didn’t love you, 
from the start. It was cruel, but at least he was straightforward.” 
slightly 
Asher sighed deeply and leaned forward to gently take her si 
cold hand. “At the very least, Justin has never lied to you. A man who loves you can have many faults, 
but they absolutely cannot be dishonest to you.” 
Bella’s eyes flickered, and she hung her head, dispirited. 
After bidding her family goodbye, Bella and Steven headed back to 
Savrow. 
They were about to pass the highway exit when Bella suddenly said, 
though in a calm tone, “Head to Tideview Manor.”
Steven frowned slightly but still answered, “Alright.” 
When they reached Tideview Manor, Bella did not contact Justin directly but called Wilma instead. 
“Young Madam, to tell you the truth, the young master hasn’t been 
back for three or four days.” 
Wilma was extremely worried. “I called him a few times, but he hardly picked up. When he did, he 
sounded weak. But when I asked him how he was doing, he said he was fine.” 
Bella’s heart clenched tightly, like someone was squeezing it. 
Wilma sighed. “I raised Young Master Justin, so I know he’s very considerate and only likes to tell me 
the good things, not the bad things. Ever since he was young, he would grit his teeth and endure 
everything alone whenever he got sick or encountered troubles. No matter how much I asked, he just 
would not tell me. Young Madam, can you contact him? I’m so scared something’s happened to him!” 
Wilma’s voice was tinged with tears. 
“Don’t panic, Wilma. I’ll find him.” Bella comforted her gently. 
Justin might refuse to see anyone else, but he would not refuse to 
see Bella. 
After Bella finished talking to Wilma, she pondered for a moment before calling lan. 
“Mr. Harris.” 
“M-Ms. Thompson! Good evening!”
lan usually spoke in a very friendly manner whenever he pic up a 
call from her, but this time, he sounded a bit flustered. 
Bella would not believe him if he said everything was fine. 
“Where’s Mr. Salvador? He’s not at home, so where has he hidden. 
himself?” Bella frowned slightly, a little unhappy. 
“M-Mr. Salvador is on a business trip overseas.” 
“Ian Harris, let me remind you that lying to me has serious. 
consequences.” Bella’s tone was dark and very threatening. 
“Um… Young Madam, I’ll tell you the truth! Even if I get fired by Mr. 
Salvador tomorrow, I have to tell you the truth!” 
lan choked up. “Please hurry and come see him. He’s in a very bad 
condition. I’m afraid things will get serious if this continues!”
###chapter622
Elsewhere, Justin was recuperating alone in one of his private villas in the suburbs. 
Today was the last day for the first course of treatment, so Justin knew that Bella would send someone 
over with more medication. 
He did not think that she still felt something for him. 
But rather, he knew that she did not want to owe him anything. 
During the day, Justin felt fine, apart from the pain in his chest. But unexpectedly, he began to have a 
high fever once night fell. 
“lan… lan?” 
Justin’s throat was hoarse and dry. He would suddenly feel cold, and/ moments later, he would burn up. 
It was hard for him to keep his eyes 
open. 
He called lan’s name a few more times before remembering that he had sent lan to the office to get 
some important documents. That fellow was probably still on the road right now. 
Justin struggled to get up and only noticed then that his bedsheets and blankets were soaked through 
with sweat. His hair was sticking to his forehead, and his pajamas were drenched, as if he had gone for 
a swim. 
He changed into a fresh set of pajamas before heading downstairs to
get some water. 
Right then, the doorbell rang. 
Confused, Justin walked over slowly to the display linked to hist doorbell camera and tapped on the 
“camera” option to view who was 
at the door. 
When Bella’s beautiful face entered his vision, his dull eyes 
immediately lit up, and his heart started beating uncontrollably fast. 
“Justin Salvador, I know you’re in there. Open up!” Bella’s expression 
was as cold as ice as she stared straight at the camera. 
Justin pursed his lips silently. 
“Are you really dead, or just pretending to be dead? Open the door!” 
Bella put a hand on her hip as she glared at the camera. “I hope you have a will done. I’m coming in to 
collect your corpse!” 
Justin could not help but cough at her razor-sharp words. 
“Don’t assume that you’re the only one who knows how to use that 
move. I know how to use it too!” 
Bella was a little anxious now, and her temper flared as she pounded 
the door with her fist. “If you don’t come out, I’m not leaving-”
Unexpectedly, before she could finish speaking, the door opened. 
Wearing dark blue pajamas, Justin stood tall before her. He was pale 
and smiling weakly, yet strikingly. 
“Ms. Thompson, it’s very cold outside. Please come in.” 
How could he let her suffer in the cold outside? His heart would ache. 
Bella’s heart sank when she noticed that Justin had lost a lot of 
weight. 
He was visibly pallid. 
Had he not been taking his medication on time? Not long ago, he 
looked like he had obviously gotten a lot better, so how did he get like this again? 
Bella bit her lower lip and walked inside. 
Justin mustered his energy and led her to the living room. 
“How did you get here, Ms. Thompson? Did lan tell you about this place?” 
“Don’t blame Mr. Harris. He was looking out for you.” 
Bella sat down on the sofa and looked straight at him with a stern gaze. Her voice was calm and cold, 
so he could not tell if she was concerned. “You don’t have many reliable people by your side. You’re 
really foolish if you really fire him because of this. There’s
working for a foolish boss like you, either. I’ll offer Mr. Har 
at KS Group. You’d better not cry when that happens.” 
“You’re overthinking it, Ms. Thompson.” Justin gazed deeply in 
eyes. 
int in 
e 
Because of the joy in his heart, even if he pretended to be calm, he could not stop his dry lips from 
curling upward. “lan’s been working 
with me for so many years. How could I let him go? I just…” 
‘I just didn’t want you to worry…’ Justin thought to himself. 
He suddenly recalled how Bella determinedly distanced herself from him and how she stood with 
Christopher Iverson that night. Her entire being screamed rejection and annoyance at Justin. 
That was why Justin no longer had the courage to say that he did not want her to worry. 
“You keep calling me Ms. Thompson and being weirdly polite. Why aren’t you calling me by my name 
anymore?” Bella narrowed her eyes slightly and asked indifferently. 
“Because I know you don’t like it.” 
Bella was slightly stunned by this, and an inexplicable sour feeling 
arose in her heart.
###chapter623
“It was my fault for pushing you too hard in the past. From now on, I won’t make you do anything that 
makes you feel uncomfortable 
anymore 
Justin’s shockingly pale face made him look like a swain in distress, which dazed Beedia. 
She cougned liginti and placed the bottle of pills she was holding on the table berores mancing up. 
“This is the second course of treatment. Remember to take sheen on time. I’m leaving now.” 
“There’s no need Youcannaake it back.” Justin shook his head. 
“What do you mean byyhha Justin Salvador? You don’t want to live anymore?” 
Bella frowned. “You’re sasisising saar in the business world with a net worth in the hundreds of 
billionsYou’re willing to leave all 
behind?” 
“No. I just don’t think you owe meeAlthough! saved you, 
repaying you and atoning for my sisis” 
Justin shook his head again. “You don’t have to blame yourself 
what happened to me. And besitios, 
don’t need to keep taking the medicirie” 
Better? Who was he kidding?
dooing much better now. I 
Bella was extremely angry and sneered. “Is this a new trick of yours? 
ere you taking one step back to gain pity? it’s a shhaine because it 
would have worked on someone more compassionate.” 
“I know.” Justin smiled bitterly. “That’s why I don’t have any other intentions. I truly don’t need it 
anymore.” 
Bella felt mixed emotions upon hearing this, but she said coldly, “If that’s the case, I have nothing more 
to say either. If you won’t appreciate my gratitude, there’s no need for me to cling to you. I won’t stoop 
so low. Once you’re done with this round of meds, you don’t need to take any more medication. Too 
much is bad for your health, too. You should pray that things turn out well.” 
She then turned to leave, but Justin reached out and stopped her. 
“It’s rare for you to visit me, and it’s cold outside. Why don’t you have a cup of hot tea before leaving? 
I’ll go make it now. It’ll be quick.” 
Bella hesitated for a moment, but she surprisingly did not refuse him/ 
She sat back down on the sofa and watched as Justin headed toward 
the kitchen. 
In her mind, she replayed what Asher said to her. 
She and Justin were the same kind of people when it came to how 
sincerely they treated someone. If they had decided that someone
was their person, they would dig out their hearts and offer them up on 
a silver platter. 
It was just a shame that he had disregarded hers when she loved him 
so passionately in the past. From then on, it was truly difficult for her 
to open her heart to him once again. 
Suddenly, there was a loud sound of a cup shattering on the ground. 
“Justin!” 
Bella’s heart skipped a beat, and she instantly stood up to rush toward the kitchen. 
A ceramic cup had shattered all over the marble floor. 
Justin was kneeling on the fragmented pieces, with one hand supporting himself against the floor and 
the other holding on to the edge of the table for dear life. His whole body was covered in sweat, and his 
breathing was weak and labored. 
“W-What’s wrong with you?!” 
Bella’s expression twisted in shock as she hurried over to him, intending to help him up. 
But Justin was too heavy. She exerted all her strength, but she still could not get him up. 
Bella had no other choice but to squat down and sweep the sharp 
fragments away with her hands, afraid that he would fall over and cut
himself on them. 
“B-Bella…” 
Justin used all his strength to raise his head. His cheeks were burning red, and his gaze was dazed 
and vacant. 
Bella was stunned to see this. She hurriedly felt his forehead. 
It was as hot as a boiling kettle! 
“How did this happen? How did you end up having a fever?!” 
Bella’s heart was stricken with anxiety, as she was shocked and angry at the same time. With red eyes, 
she yelled at him, “Did you take your medication on time or not? Bastard!” 
Justin’s breath was hot, and he was delirious with a fever. 
Subconsciously, he opened his arms to pull the woman in front of him, whom he loved so deeply, into 
his arms. 
“Bella… Please give me some of your love… I beg you… Please, just a little…” 
Bella’s emotions surged as her lips parted slightly in astonishment, and her eyes slowly turned red. 
“Justin, you…” 
“I just want… A little bit of your love.” 
A hoarse, garbled moan came from the depths of Justin’s dry throat, which tugged at her heartstrings. 
“But I’m scared too… Because I know I’m not worthy…”
###chapter624
Bella could feel every single one of Jussin’s shallow but heavy breaths against her neck. It burned like 
fire against her skin. 
A blush rose to her cheeks. 
“Justin Salvador! Are you crazy? What are you saying? Justin!” 
His hot sweat had soaked his thin palarnas through and even soaked Bella’s clothes too. 
Justin was dazed, and his mind was muddied. Hisswitcle body was in so much pain that it felt like he 
was about to disinteccatee and fall 
apart. 
There was only one thought remaining in his mind, which was to hold the person he loved. Even if he 
was demeaning himself on teento a 
scoundrel, he really did not want to let go of Bella.. 
“Bella… Don’t leave me… Please don’t hate me…” 
Justin buried his damp face into her shoulder, obviously chot 
It was pitiful and heart-wrenching to hear. 
Bella felt a warmth on her shoulder but could not tell if that was h 
sweat or his tears.
A bitter feeling began to spread slowly from the deepest reaches of Bella’s trembling heart through her 
entire body and wrapped around her soul tightly. 
Bella thought to herself, ‘When have you ever been this humble before 
me, Justin Salvador? Back when I was crying and putting all my self- respect on the line to beg you not 
to divorce me or leave me, you threw the divorce papers in my face mercilessly and forced me to cut all 
ties with you as soon as possible. You were so merciless and heartless.’ 
Bella simply looked at Justin’s wretched state and suddenly scoffed, though her eyes were red. “Justin 
Salvador, are you delirious with a fever? What nonsense are you saying?” 
“It’s not nonsense. It’s my heartfelt words…” 
Justin shook his head stubbornly as sweat continuously dripped down his face. “Bella… I love you…” 
Bella’s eyes widened. 
She froze. On the surface, she looked calm, but her ears had turned 
so red that they looked like they were about to drip blood. 
Justin used his last ounce of strength to look up and reach out to 
caress the face he thought about night and day. 
His eyes were hazy but filled with deep affection. 
“Bella… I know what I’m saying. I love you… And only you… 
In the next second, Justin lost consciousness and collapsed in
Bella’s arms. 
“Oof… Bastard! Why did you have to keel over right here?! You’re so damn heavy!” 
Bella’s eyes widened in a glare, both anxious and angry. She clenched 
her fist and was about to hit him on the back. 
But suddenly recalling that he was injured, she unclenched her fist mid -air and gently laid her hand 
over his sweat-drenched back, sighing softly. 
“If we knew that things were going to end up this way earlier, why did we act the way we did back then? 
Justin… It’s too painful to love you. We should both move on.” 
Ryan and lan got to the entrance at the same time. 
Although lan was like an impulsive teenager sometimes, he was, after all, the chief secretary to the 
president of Salvador Corporation and was very observant. 
With a glance, he could tell that Ryan was in a bad mood-a very bad 
one at that. 
“Mr. Harris, how is your boss doing?” Ryan asked anxiously. 
“He vomited blood two more times and even started developing a high fever.” 
lan felt miserable when he remembered how Justin looked like he 
was in agony last night. He hated that he could not take on the pain. 
for him.
“How did it fucking turn out like this?…Fuck!” Ryan’s eyes were a little bloodshot, and he clenched his 
fingers so hard that his knuckles. 
cracked. 
“I’ve already informed the young madam. Previously, Mr. Salvador did get a lot better after taking the 
medicine the young madam gave, so 
the young madam must know a way of treating him!” lan did not have any great solutions to offer, so all 
he could do was place all his hopes on Bella. 
Right then, Ryan noticed the black Bugatti parked at the entrance and recognized it as Bella’s car. 
He narrowed his eyes slightly and pondered for a moment before saying, “Wait. Let’s not be in such a 
rush to head in.” 
“Huh?” lan was puzzled. 
“It’s rare for them to have some time alone, so let them have a 
moment longer to themselves.”
###chapter625
Ryan was a good wingman for Justin. Otherwise, what sort of friend would he be? 
Trying to move an unconscious Justin, who was 189 cm tall, back to his room was equivalent to trying 
to move a mountain. 
Luckily, there was an elevator in this villa. Bella dragged the bastard’s body back to his room like she 
was dragging a corpse. By the time she helped him up onto the bed, her dress had been soaked 
through by a mixture of both her own sweat and Justin’s sweat. 
“You’re so damn heavy!” 
Bella was exhausted and panting heavily, but she had no time to rest. She hurried into the bathroom 
and soaked a towel with cold water before wiping Justin’s body to bring his temperature down. 
After she was done bustling around, Bella sat on the edge o heavily, so tired that she did not want to 
move anymore. 
“I’m seriously exasperated with you. Why were you moving abou much when you were having such a 
fever? You’re really troubleson 
don’t you know that?” 
Bella glared at Justin, who was still delirious from the fever. Her tone 
was cold, but she felt anxious. 
After all, he only ended up this way because of her. 
Wait a second!
Ryan frowned, observing Carrie’s movements carefully. 
Why did she look like she was having a PTSD reaction? Could she have been constantly beaten at 
home in the past? 
Did Carrie have such a fearful reaction when Zoe raised her hand against her because Bethany used 
to hit her frequently? 
Was that the case? 
“When did you two get here? Why didn’t you guys let me know?” 
Bella came downstairs and jumped in fright when she saw the two 
men sitting quietly in the living room. 
She hurriedly tried to calm her unsteady breathing. 
Ryan put his phone away and flashed his teeth at Bella with a devious 
smile. “Ah, we just didn’t want to intrude. You two get to meet so 
rarely that we thought you should have more time to nurture your 
feelings. We just didn’t want to be there disturbing you.” 
“Nurture our feelings, my ass!” 
Bella was so angry that she wished she could use her stiletto heel to 
stab holes into Ryan’s mischievous, smiling face. 
Ryan crossed his legs and turned to appraise Bella closely, propping
his chin on his hand. 
He noticed that her lips were glossy and her cheeks were red with a flush that had not yet receded, and 
the ever-so-experienced Mr. Hoffman raised an eyebrow in interest. ‘My brother has done it, hasn’t 
he? Wow, Justin looks really serious on the surface, but he’s just as horny as hell. What an asshole!’ 
“Young Madam! You finally came! There’s hope for Mr. Salvador 
now!” lan gazed at Bella with stars in his eyes, smiling so widely that 
he was about to burst into tears. 
Bella had no time to correct his form of address for her right now and 
said’ seriously, “Mr. Harris, Mr. Salvador’s high fever was caused by 
the recurrence of his internal injuries. It shouldn’t be neglected. I’ve 
just contacted one of the hospitals under KS Group that has high security and is better at maintaining 
patient’s privacy. I’ve also 
contacted the doctor in charge. You and Mr. Hoffman should get 
ready to head over there now.” 
lan bowed deeply. “Thank you, Young Madam! I just knew you still 
have feelings for Mr. Salvador! You wouldn’t have just let him die!” 
“I wouldn’t have let him die, but that has nothing to do with whether or
not I still have feelings for him. Don’t make such a far-fetched 
assumption.” 
Bella’s tone was icy as she refused to allow lan’s assumption to 
stand. 
She walked down the stairs and walked up to Ryan with a cold gaze. 
Ryan’s heart trembled when he met her gaze, as he felt a strong chill. “Mr. Hoffman, let’s step aside to 
talk.”
###chapter626
Justin gripped Bella’s chin with his fingers and leaned down to kiss. 
her. 
Ryan and lan waited downstairs, feeling bored. 
lan paced back and forth worriedly, glancing upstairs from time to 
time. 
Meanwhile, Ryan sat on the sofa, wearing a dark expression, as he watched the security footage over 
and over again on his phone. 
He watched the footage of Zoe bullying Carrie again and again with a sick fascination. 
Ryan got angry every time he watched it. 
“What are you watching so intently, Mr. Hoffman?” lan shuffled closer 
out of curiosity. 
He had just moved closer when Ryan looked up and said coldly, “Go away. This is my family affairs.” 
lan was intimidated by his sharp gaze and hurriedly retreated. 
Ryan watched the recording one more time. 
He watched as Zoe approached Carrie in the video, and Carrie reacted by curling up pitifully in fright, 
covering her head tightly with her arms. Her movements were so practiced that it made his heart ache 
beyond
measure. 
Wait a second! 
Ryan frowned, observing Carrie’s movements carefully. 
Why did she look like she was having a PTSD reaction? Could she 
have been constantly beaten at home in the past? 
Did Carrie have such a fearful reaction when Zoe raised her hand 
against her because Bethany used to hit her frequently? 
Was that the case? 
“When did you two get here? Why didn’t you guys let me know?” 
Bella came downstairs and jumped in fright when she saw the two 
men sitting quietly in the living room. 
She hurriedly tried to calm her unsteady breathing. 
Ryan put his phone away and flashed his teeth at Bella with a devious 
smile. “Ah, we just didn’t want to intrude. You two get to meet so 
rarely that we thought you should have more time to nurture your 
feelings. We just didn’t want to be there disturbing you.” 
“Nurture our feelings, my ass!”
Bella was so angry that she wished she could use her stiletto heel to 
stab holes into Ryan’s mischievous, smiling face. 
Ryan crossed his legs and turned to appraise Bella closely, propping 
his chin on his hand. 
He noticed that her lips were glossy and her cheeks were red with a 
flush that had not yet receded, and the ever-so-experienced Mr. 
Hoffman raised an eyebrow in interest. ‘My brother has done it, hasn’t 
he? Wow, Justin looks really serious on the surface, but he’s just as horny as hell. What an asshole!’ 
“Young Madam! You finally came! There’s hope for Mr. Salvador 
now!” lan gazed at Bella with stars in his eyes, smiling so widely that he was about to burst into tears. 
Bella had no time to correct his form of address for her right now and said seriously, “Mr. Harris, Mr. 
Salvador’s high fever was caused by the recurrence of his internal injuries. It shouldn’t be neglected. 
I’ve just contacted one of the hospitals under KS Group that has high 
security and is better at maintaining patient’s privacy. I’ve also. contacted the doctor in charge. You and 
Mr. Hoffman should get ready to head over there now.” 
lan bowed deeply. “Thank you, Young Madam! I just knew you still have feelings for Mr. Salvador! You 
wouldn’t have just let him die!” 
“I wouldn’t have let him die, but that has nothing to do with whether or
not I still have feelings for him. Don’t make such a far-fetched 
assumption.” 
Bella’s tone was icy as she refused to allow lan’s assumption to 
stand. 
She walked down the stairs and walked up to Ryan with a cold gaze. 
Ryan’s heart trembled when he met her gaze, as he felt a strong chill. 
“Mr. Hoffman, let’s step aside to talk.”
###chapter627
Outside the villa, Bella got into Ryan’s luxury car. 
“Bella, it’s rare for you to willingly be alone with me.” 
Ryan’s eyes always carried a seductive charm as he looked at the 
beauty beside him with a smile. “I do feel quite flattered to be in the 
presence of such beauty, but I fear if Justin, that green-eyed monster, 
finds out we were chatting alone, he’d explode with anger. And he’s 
still sick too.” 
“If not for Carrie, do you think I’d be willing to breathe the same air as 
you?” 
Bella crossed her legs and folded her arms as she spoke coldly but 
calmly. “Is the famous casanova Mr. Hoffman sick of the same old 
flavors? Is that why you’ve set your sights on our dear Carrie?” 
At the mention of Carrie’s name, Ryan’s heart leaped, and a tingling 
sensation filled his whole body. His voice trembled slightly as he said, 
“Bella, you know about me and Carrie?”
“You and Carrie? Ha! I don’t understand what you mean by that.” Bella 
sneered coldly. 
“Bella, I have nothing to hide at this point.” 
Ryan took a deep breath, his heart beating wildly as he said decisively, 
“I’ve fallen for Carrie. I want to be with her.” 
“And how many women have you already fallen for so far this year?” The mocking smile on Bella’s face 
deepened. She did not hide her 
disgust toward him at all. 
“She’s definitely the one I love the most!” 
“Do you mean you love her the most among all the ladies you also 
love?” 
“Bella, I’m serious about Carrie!” 
Ryan’s face flushed with anxiousness as he turned to look at Bella earnestly. “I admit that I used to be 
a player and have dated many 
women in the past. But with those women, it was always just 
transactional. We took what we needed from each other, and when
our needs were met, we’d part ways amicably. I’ve never actually had any feelings for them, but 
Carrie’s different. I have real feelings for her. Bella, every fiber of my body feels for her!” 
“But you still extended your claws toward your best friend’s younger sister. Do you think it’s thrilling, Mr. 
Hoffman?” 
Bella felt that his words were just ridiculous. “Also, Carrie is the type 
you’ve never encountered before, so it must be particularly refreshing for you. After all, men love to 
challenge themselves with the newest 
and most difficult ones. Then, once you’ve gotten Carrie, you’ll 
discard her just like you have with the other women you’ve dated. Once the novelty has worn off and 
she can’t satisfy your vanity like a normal girl, you’ll leave her heartlessly, like she’s a used rag.” 
“A used rag?! I fucking wish I could just keep her in my arms forever and treasure her! Bella, don’t you 
have even a single bit of trust in me?” Ryan’s voice cracked. 
“You want me to trust that a player will change his ways? I’d sooner believe pigs could fly.” Bella really 
wanted to roll her eyes at him. 
“Fu-Why can’t a player change his ways? Everyone has to settle 
down eventually!” 
Ryan wore a serious expression as passion began to burn in his eyes. 
“Bella, I know you’ve always loved Carrie as a sister. But please 
believe me. I swear on my character-ah, no! I swear on my life! I love!
Carrie as sincerely as ever. I want to be with her and spend my future 
with her!” 
“Fine. Then let me ask you a question.” 
Bella suddenly set aside all her mocking and asked in a very serious 
tone, “What if your mom, your sister, and your grandfather to 
you being with Carrie and even go as far as to say that you’ll be disowned by the Hoffman family if you 
marry her? You can forget 
about getting a single thing from them, and your family will never 
have peace because of this. Would you still choose to be with Carrie?” 
Ryan’s eyes were red as he clenched his hands into fists tightly. ” 
might not be able to get the entirety of the Hoffman Group righ 
and perhaps the risk you speak of does exist. But I’ve already de 
and made up my mind about Carrie. I will do all I can to protect will never let anyone bully her again, 
including the Salvadors!” 
“That’s not what I asked.” 
Bella pursed her lips coldly, unable to hide her disappointment.” There’s only one way you can protect 
her, which is to marry her and
make her your rightful and legal wife. Otherwise, that so-called protection of yours will, in a way, harm 
her!” 
Marry?!
###chapter628
Ryan was dumbfounded. He clenched his jaw. Caught off guard, he was unable to react right away due 
to the sudden shock. 
Bella saw that he did not react and thought that he was a coward. 
She burst out laughing and said, “Back then, you had the guts to say 
to my face that you wanted to marry me. Now that I’m asking you if you dare to marry Carrie, why have 
you suddenly become mute? Or is it that, in your eyes, Carrie is the Salvadors’ least significant 
daughter, so there’s no value for you in marrying Carrie? All she’s worth is to be 
hidden away as your secret lover, huh?” 
“Bella Thompson! You-!” Ryan’s blood was boiling. This was the first 
time he had ever gotten mad at Bella. 
He could finally understand why Justin vomited blood. 
Justin must have been provoked by her! 
“Alright, there’s no point in me saying too much. I respect a 
true love in this world, but I don’t want Carrie to suffer with yo 
Thinking of Carrie, who had suffered so much in the Salvador f Bella teared up a little. “She’s already 
had a very hard life. I don’t w 
her to suffer even more. Ryan, the world you live in is too
complicated. Its weight might be unbearable for a simple girl like 
Carrie. Just think about what I said carefully.” 
After sending Justin to the hospital, Ryan dragged his exhausted tbody back home. 
Chapter 62H 
Right, home. 
Now, he referred to the villa he shared with Carrie alone as home. 
He might have a mother and a sister, but ever since his father passed 
away, his mother had become depressed, often going abroad to get 
treatment, while his sister studied overseas. The vast Hoffman. 
residence was always cold and quiet, never lively. 
Yet, the past few days he had spent with Carrie had made him feel 
comfortable, relaxed, and warm. 
He even greedily hoped that days like these would last forever. 
“How’s Carrie doing?” Ryan asked Yasmin urgently the moment he 
walked in. 
Yasmin frowned worriedly and sighed. “Ms. Salvador is in her room. I
kept trying to coax her to sleep, but it seemed like she was still in shock. She just wouldn’t close her 
eyes. It’s quite heartbreaking 
see.” 
Upon hearing this, Ryan felt his throat choke up with guilt, and he 
walked upstairs with heavy steps. 
“I’ll go sit with her.” 
“Ms. Hoffman, what are you planning to do with Ms. Zoe?” Yasmin 
hesitated for a moment but still asked. 
“Yasmin, don’t you think I’m really useless sometimes?” Ryan asked 
glumly with his back toward her. 
Yasmin was taken aback. 
She had been working for Ryan for 10 years now, and he had always been a proud and unyielding 
man. He had never looked so lonely and 
unsure of himself before. 
“Mr. Hoffman, you’ve always been a godlike existence to me. Why do you say that?” 
“Because I didn’t raise my sister properly and even allowed Carrie to 
get hurt. To be honest, I don’t know what I should do either.”
When Ryan remembered how Zoe’s face twisted viciously as she 
abused Carrie, he felt defeated. “At most, all I can do is send her back. to Inalia. But is that going to 
solve the problem?” 
“Mr. Hoffman, let’s go about it slowly. As long as you don’t give up on Ms. Salvador, no matter how 
much Ms. Zoe dislikes it, she’ll accept this reality.” 
Ryan arrived at the door to Carrie’s room, calmed himself, opened the door. 
“Carrie? I’m back.” 
ben 
Only a single light over the bed was turned on in the quiet bedroo
###chapter629
Carrie sat alone at the head of the bed, curled up with her arms 
wrapped around her knees and her head buried between them, 
motionless. 
Ryan took off his black fur coat and put it over the sofa, afraid of 
bringing the chill to her. He walked to the bed with light steps and sat 
down on the edge of the bed. 
“Carrie… Does it still hurt?” Ryan placed his large hand on her head 
and stroked her soft hair gently. 
Carrie shook her head slightly.. 
“Then, shall we go to sleep?” Ryan asked thoughtlessly. 
Right after he said that, he regretted it. 
Shit… It just made him look like he only wanted to sleep with her, 
that was not what he meant. 
“I’m not sleepy.” 
Carrie finally said weakly, “I just want to sit here quietly for a while.”
“Alright, I’ll sit with you then.” 
Ryan’s hand slid downward to lovingly rub the back of her warm neck, 
his eyes overflowing with tenderness. “I won’t sleep if you don’t. If you think I’m annoying, I’ll just sit 
here with you, and I won’t make a 
sound. If you get thirsty or hungry, you need someone to order 
around, don’t you?” 
“What if I stay up all night?” 
“I’ll stay up all night too.” 
“That’s okay… You should go to sleep.” Carrie urged him softly, never 
looking up. 
A bitterness welled up in Ryan’s heart, and his breath hitched. “Alright. 
I’ll leave if you don’t want me here.” 
As he said this, he moved to leave. 
Right then, Carrie suddenly reached out to grab his arm, breathing 
harder as her grip tightened. 
“Carrie?” Ryan was surprised.
“Don’t go, Ryan… Don’t go!” 
Carrie slowly looked up, her lips trembling. Her pink face was covered 
in tears. “I lied… I’m sorry… I want you to stay with me. Ryan, I want you here with me!” 
Ryan choked up at this, and he gently wiped her tears away with his finger. “I won’t go. I never intended 
to. I was just teasing you.” 
Carrie looked at him tearily as she kneeled on the bed, looking like a pitiful yet charming kitten. 
“Ryan… Please hug me.” 
Ryan’s eyes instantly reddened. It was hard for him to suppress his love for her. His heart felt like it was 
about to explode as he pulled her 
soft body into his arms. 
He breathed in deeply as he hugged her tightly. 
“I’m hugging you now.” 
“Tighter…” 
Ryan hummed in acknowledgment as he pressed his chin into the crook of her neck, his thin lips 
rubbing against her red earlobe. 
“A little tighter, please?” 
“Okay.”
Ryan tightened his arms once more, stroking her trembling back with his large palm. “I wish I could 
bury you in me, Carrie. I really wish I 
could.” 
Under the light, the pair embraced each other tightly, as if they wished 
they could become one.
###chapter630
They did not know how long they had been hugging for when Carrie finally felt sleepy. 
Ryan got onto the bed, and the two of them lay there together. They seemed like a loving, newlywed 
couple. 
Carrie rested her head on Ryan’s sturdy arm, her small face buried in his chest. She sniffled a little 
before closing her eyes. 
was war 
“Carrie, can I ask you something?” One of Ryan’s arms around her shoulders, while the other gently 
rubbed her forearm. 
“Mm…okay.” 
“Do you like me?” Ryan’s heart was beating loudly when he asked his question. 
“Hmm… Of course I do.” 
“Not like a brother, I mean the romantic sort.” 
Ryan coughed slightly, and his face was flushed. “Like the way your 
older brother Justin likes Anna.” 
Carrie’s clear eyes flickered, and she clutched Ryan’s black shirt, fiddling with the delicate buttons. 
“I… Don’t know.” 
Ryan sighed and smiled bitterly. “Alright. Let’s go to sleep now.”
“But I like being with you. When you go out, I can’t do anything but 
worry about you and wait for you to come home. When I’m with you, everyday feels so short. When I 
see you, I feel really happy.” Carrie’s eyes were half-closed as she spoke softly. 
Ryan’s breathing became heavier, and his palms, which were wrapped around her shoulders, were 
completely damp with sweat. 
“There was one day you came back really late and came to my room 
to check on me. I pretended to be asleep, but actually, I was awake 
the whole time.” 
When Ryan heard this, his heart clenched. 
That night, he had gone out with Yasmin to deal with some people. who had been working against him- 
his Uncle Liam’s cronies. 
Ryan had always shown Carrie the cheerful and enthusiastic side of 
himself. 
He would never let her see his dark, cruel, and ruthless side. 
Carrie pursed her lips. “That day, there was a really strong smell of blood on you. And your hand was 
wounded. When you touched my forehead, I could feel it.” 
As she said this, she took his right hand and took off the black leather glove covering it. 
Although the wounds on his knuckles and fingertips had already. scabbed over, the scars remained.
“Ryan, I’m worried that you’re doing something dangerous outside. 
I’m worried something will happen to you. I’m so scared…” 
Carrie’s heart twinged, and her lashes fluttered as she kissed his 
scars. “I don’t understand. I don’t know. Is this the sort of like you were talking about?” 
Ryan’s heart thumped hard. Finally, unable to hold back the tide of his feelings, he flipped her over and 
pressed her beneath him. 
In all her twenty-two years of life, Carrie had never been this close to 
a man before. 
Ryan was her first, and she was slowly learning to accept him, though 
it seemed like he was the only one she could accept. 
“Carrie, don’t tempt me… I’m afraid I won’t be able to hold myself 
back.” 
“Do you want to kiss me, Ryan?” 
Carrie obediently wrapped her arms around his neck, pouting her pink, glossy lips slightly. “I-I’m ready!” 
“No…” 
Ryan restrained himself and finally sighed in surrender, returning to his previous position and pulling 
Carrie close as he murmured, “I’ll wait for you to accept me completely, Carrie.”
###chapter631
Ryan’s furious outburst left a profound psychological impact on Zoe. 
Zoe’s secretary and Adam were dealt with severely. 
Ryan was ready to cut ties with Adam, who had been working for him for so many years. Judging by 
the situation, it seemed like Adam’s 
days were numbered. 
‘All this drama is just for the sake of that foolish woman, Carrie. Did 
his own biological sister not compare to that woman? What a joke!’ 
Zoe, brimming with resentment, returned to the Hoffman residence 
after leaving the villa. Her face, as dark as a vengeful spirit, reflected 
the turmoil within. 
Along the way, memories of Ryan’s past affection for her kept 
flooding her mind. The more she thought about it, the angrier she 
became, shedding tears of frustration along the way. 
In the end, Zoe came to a conclusion. Regardless of the means, she 
was determined to make Ryan and Carrie break up. She could not 
allow this fool to become her sister-in-law.
Back at home, Claire welcomed Zoe warmly. 
“Zoe! You’re finally back!” exclaimed Claire, her eyes welling up with 
tears of joy as she had not seen her daughter for a long time. 
Claire rushed over to embrace her daughter. “My dear daughter, didn’t 
your flight arrive earlier? Why did you take so long to come home? I 
was starting to get worried!” 
Chap 631 
Zoe’s eyes teared up and turned red upon seeing her mother. 
“Mommy…” Zoe cried. She could not help but think of the injustice. 
she had endured. 
“What’s wrong, my darling? You seem unhappy. Did someone bully. you?” Claire inquired with concern. 
“And where’s Ryan? Didn’t he go to pick you up? Why isn’t he back with you?” 
Zoe lowered her eyes, a look of grievance on her face, as she shook 
her head. 
“Ryan is unbelievable! He used to dote on you so much, but now, 
because of that Salvador girl, he sends you off to Inalia without a 
care. After finally coming back, he doesn’t even bother to pick up his
sister! What on earth is he thinking?” Claire expressed her frustration. 
Claire gently caressed her daughter’s cheeks. “These days, Ryan 
hasn’t come home at all. I know he’s busy and has his own way of 
doing things. In the past, no matter how busy he was, he would never 
disappear like this without a word! He stopped coming home, and 
now he doesn’t even care about his own younger sister! I really don’t 
understand what he is thinking!” 
“I know why Ryan isn’t coming home,” Zoe admitted. 
“What? You know?” Claire was taken aback. 
Zoe clenched her fists, her voice turning grim. “Mommy, I’ll tell you 
something, but you must try to stay calm after hearing it.” 
“What happened, Zoe? Don’t scare me!” 
“Ryan is in a relationship with Shannon’s youngest daughter,” Zoe 
revealed through gritted teeth. 
“Who? Shannon Quarry? That wicked woman’s youngest daughter?!” Claire was genuinely shocked 
and dumbfounded. 
“Yes, she is Bethany’s younger sister. Shannon’s daughter!”
Zoe hugged her mother’s arm and shook it. “Mommy! What on earth. 
is Ryan thinking? Shannon and her daughter had caused us trouble in 
the past, spewing nonsense and threatening to have me jailed! It hasn’t been long since that incident, 
and now Ryan is already in a 
relationship with Carrie.” 
Zoe continued, her voice filled with a mix of resentment and sadness. 
“How could he do this? He no longer considers me his sister!” 
Claire felt uneasy when she heard this. She could not fathom why her 
son, who had always been the pride of the family, would entangle 
himself in such a complicated situation. Although the Salvadors were 
a wealthy family and Ryan had a close friendship with Justin, Claire 
still did not understand what Ryan was thinking. 
Despite that, she tried to console her daughter. “Zoe, even not fond of Shannon’s daughter, your 
brother’s temperam 
known. He enjoys making friends. Most of the young ladies 
prominent families in Savrow have some interaction with him. 
has never brought a girl home, let alone someone who truly
captivated him. He’s always hanging out with Justin and freque 
visiting the Salvadors, so developing an interest in Carrie is 
somewhat normal. I believe it won’t be long before your brother 
I’m 
realizes and moves on from the situation. Hasn’t it been like this a 
these years?” 
“Mommy, no! This time, it’s different!”
###chapter632
Zoe’s eyes burned with hatred, and she trembled with anger. “The 
reason why Ryan hasn’t come home for such a long time is because he’s been living together with 
Carrie! He even bought her a house!” 
Claire felt as if she were struck by lightning-shocked and horrified! 
“I hate Shannon and her daughter so much. Of course, I don’t want Carrie to become my future sister- 
in-law. But Ryan is obsessed with 
her, like he’s under a spell! For that woman, he even lost his temper at me! And he even …” Zoe 
intentionally paused, leaving the suspense hanging. 
“He did what?!” Claire asked anxiously. 
“He even hit me!” Zoe started crying harder, tears streaming down her 
face. 
“Where did he hit you?!” Claire’s voice was tight with concern 
“My face… He slapped me right in front of the servants and tha 
wretched woman, Carrie! My face hurts so much, Mom!” Zoe c 
her face and rushed into her mother’s arms, crying uncontrollably 
Claire’s heart ached. Her cherished daughter, the apple of her eye,
was in pain. Her eldest son, the one she had placed all her hopes of the obedient and filial son, had 
torn his relationship apart with his 
sister for the sake of that woman. What would he do next? Would he 
cut ties with his biological mother as well? 
“Mommy! You must not let Ryan be with Carrie! If Ryan really marries that woman, our reputation will 
be completely ruined! Ryan will 
Chappe 
become a laughingstock in the Hoffman Group!” Zoe anxiously spoke, her voice hoarse. 
“What do you mean?” Claire looked puzzled. 
“Carrie is mentally disabled! She’s autistic!” 
Claire’s eyes darkened. 
Her exceptionally outstanding son was more than worthy of marrying the Thompson family’s heiress. 
How could he marry someone with a mental disability?! She absolutely wouldn’t allow it! 
“Mom! Even if Carrie is a part of the Salvador family, aren’t you afraid 
that if she marries Ryan, your future grandchildren will also be mentally disabled? Who knows if her 
condition is hereditary?” Every word from Zoe struck Claire right in the heart. 
“Thank you for letting me know, Zoe. I know what to do now!” Claire, usually gentle and tender, showed 
a trace of coldness in her eyes. Don’t worry, I will protect you. I will never let my son marry such an 
unworthy woman and ruin his entire life.”
Zoe nestled in her mother’s arms and revealed a sinister smile upon hearing what her mother said. 
* 
The days passed by. Celeste and Shannon’s birthday banquets were just around the corner. 
Considering Gregory’s situation these days, Shannon refrained from publicizing her upcoming birthday. 
However, she discreetly sent invitations to the prominent figures in Savrow and subtly promoted 
the event. 
Although her reputation in Savrow was not as pristine as before, she remained the chairman’s wife of 
Salvador Corporation. 
With such a background and status, she refused to believe that her grandeur couldn’t rival that of 
Celeste, a mere mistress! 
On the other hand, the Thompsons made no public announcement regarding Celeste’s birthday 
celebration. 
Everything was being handled in secrecy. After all, socialites from 
affluent families were not like celebrities in the entertainment 
industry. They didn’t need to flaunt their lives for attention or to gain 
popularity. 
On the evening before the birthday banquet, Celeste, with her eyes covered, was led into a room by 
Mila, Sasha, and Bella.
“What’s going on? Why all this secrecy?” Celeste asked with a smile. 
“Three! Two! One!” 
As the countdown finished, Bella removed the blindfold from 
Celeste’s eyes. 
Celeste’s eyes adjusted to the lighting and suddenly widened in 
astonishment. 
Under the dazzling spotlight, a mannequin was dressed in a stunning 
black and red evening gown. The lights made the dress shimmer. It was incredibly beautiful and 
captivating. 
“Wow, it’s so beautiful…” Celeste stood there in awe, letting out a 
dreamy sigh. 
“Celeste, this is a masterpiece personally designed for you. It is designed by the internationally 
renowned designer, Sharon.” Mila affectionately draped her arm around Celeste’s shoulder, her eyes 
fixated. “Oh my goodness… I consider myself quite knowledgeable, but seeing the gown designed by 
Sharon up close, I can’t help but 
almost scream! It’s too gorgeous!”
Bella’s alter ego, Sharon, had grown accustomed to countless praises in the fashion world. Yet, all 
those compliments still could not match the joy she felt hearing these praises from her own family. 
Deep within, Bella felt extremely happy and couldn’t help but let out a 
smirk. 
“A dress by Sharon?! Oh my goodness… Bella, this is such a precious gift!” Celeste hastily grabbed 
Bella’s hand, her cheeks blushing with embarrassment. “Bella, you must have spent a lot of money and 
effort to invite her, right? You really didn’t need to go through this 
trouble! It’s too much!”
###chapter633
“Not a problem at all! I’m the heiress of KS Group. With my identity, 
Sharon wouldn’t dare refuse to make clothes for me. She wouldn’t want to ruin her reputation, right?” 
Bella playfully pinched Celeste’s waist, looking mischievous. 
“Wow, then ask her to design something for me too! I want a biker suit! A leather jacket!” Sasha’s eyes 
sparkled with excitement as she raised her eyebrows. “I’ve recently become obsessed with riding 
motorcycles. I even joined a Hatchbay motorcycle club. We have activities every month, but I’ve been 
lacking a stylish biker suit. Ask her to design one for me, and I’ll reimburse you!” 
Bella and Mila were speechless for a moment. 
Sasha felt the awkward atmosphere and laughed. “Uh, well, does 
Sharon not take on this kind of business? Then ignore what I just 
said.” 
Everyone was speechless. 
Sasha was approaching her forties. When will she ever grow up? 
“Aunt Mila, Aunt Sasha, you can rest assured. When it’s your birth I’ll have Sharon make clothes for 
you too. You won’t be left out!” B laughed, hugging both of them with a wide grin. 
She was truly a master of arranging surprises! 
“Huh? Isn’t Sharon supposed to be notoriously aloof, and her creations are hard to come by? How can 
you repeatedly hire her?” Mila suspiciously glanced at Bella. “Bella, could it be that Sharon is also one
of your alter egos?” 
Celeste and Sasha, upon hearing this, also turned their gazes toward 
Chap 633 
to 
Bella. 
“Oh… How is that possible?” Bella laughed awkwardly, waving her 
hands repeatedly. “I’m already Alexa. How could I also be Sharon? I’m not some mythical figure with 
three heads, six arms, and magical 
powers.” 
The three ladies chimed in unison, “You’re even more amazing than a 
mythical creature!” 
Indeed, that was true. 
In an attempt to divert their attention, Bella said, “By the way, there 
are more surprises!” Bella ran behind the mannequin, pulled out an 
exquisite red velvet box from below, and held it in front of Celeste. 
“Aunt Celeste, I’m afraid I’ll be very busy tomorrow, so I wanted to 
give you your gift in advance. Happy birthday!”
Celeste felt a tingling sensation in her nose as she opened the jewelry 
box. Inside was an exquisitely crafted sapphire ring that once again 
captivated her heart. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
Play 
TAL 
Fresh and elegant, like the clear ocean under the radiant sun, 
captivating at first sight. 
Celeste’s eyes welled up with tears. “Bella, thank you. I really love it. 
Thank you.” 
“I purposely chose this gemstone because I didn’t want to steal the limelight from Wyatt. And also, I 
feel that this serene shade of ocean 
blue suits you better.” Bella spoke contentedly and confidently.” When I design jewelry, I like to choose 
the main stone that suits the wearer’s personality and temperament. Because I am Alexa, my design 
value has surpassed the intrinsic value of the jewelry itself.” 
Afterward, Mila and Sasha also took Celeste to see the birthday gifts 
they had prepared.
The room was filled with women chattering and laughing, creating a 
lively atmosphere. 
At this moment, Bella’s phone vibrated in her pocket. She took it out when she had a moment alone 
and then left the room, heading to the 
end of the corridor. 
“Hello,” she answered, her long eyelashes fluttering. Her voice was 
cold. 
“Bella, I’m feeling much better now. I called to report my situation.” 
In the moonlight, Justin’s voice was unusually gentle, exuding a seductive charm. “In the future, if you 
want to know about my condition, you can call me directly. There’s no need to contact lan 
privately anymore.” 
Bella’s heart trembled slightly, and she pursed her red lips. 
“Or, I can call you too. I’d love to do that.” The man’s sultry and 
mellow voice rang in her ear, actively engaging in a way that was completely different from his usual 
demeanor. 
“No need. I’m not your attending doctor. I don’t have time to monitor your physical condition 24/7.” Bella 
frowned and said coldly, “As long as you’re fine now, let’s go our separate ways and wish each other
well.” 
“I appreciate your effort in taking care of me. If it weren’t for you, my fever wouldn’t have subsided so 
quickly.” Justin chuckled softly. His voice was low and hoarse, teasing her ear. “You’re more effective 
than medicine.” 
“Justin! Do you want to die?!” 
Bella recalled the day when Justin forcefully kissed her on the bed. 
Her cheeks flushed. 
She fiercely punched the glass window with her fists and said, “If you dare to play any silly games 
again, I’ll make you regret it! I’ll keep my 
word!” 
“What else is there to regret, Bella?” 
Justin laughed bitterly and humbly. “Divorcing you is the biggest 
regret of my life.” 
Bella scoffed, “Hmph! Serves you right. Bye, I’m busy.” 
“Bella! Wait!”
###chapter634
“What now?” Bella felt frustrated and had no intention of showing this despicable man any kindness. 
“Tomorrow, can I attend Aunt Celeste’s birthday banquet?” Justin asked cautiously, lacking any 
confidence. But at the same time, he was filled with anticipation. He was hopeful to see her again. 
Bella snorted, pursing her lips. “Mr. Salvador, Aunt Celeste’s birthday banquet will be attended by 
members of the Thompson family. Won’t you feel embarrassed to face them?” 
“Alright, I understand. But as the saying goes, an ugly son-in-law must still meet his in-laws.” Justin’s 
tone was unusually earnest. 
“What is wrong with you, Justin?” Bella pounded the window again. She imagined it as if it were his 
head. 
“Is it okay, Bella?” He persisted. 
Bella recalled the night when Gregory beat Justin mercilessly because of this, leaving Justin’s back 
covered in bruises. 
She reluctantly said, “Fine, but remember to bring a gift.” 
Justin’s joy was evident in his clear and bright voice. “Of course! How 
can I go empty-handed when meeting the parents?” 
Bella gritted her teeth and growled, “Fuck off!” 
Chapte 635
The weekend arrived, and the birthday banquet for the two affluent wives was approaching. 
The night before, Shannon was so excited that she could not fall asleep. She envisioned herself 
outshining everyone at the banquet, radiating beauty and charm. Lost in her thoughts, she chuckled 
softly. 
She had also instructed someone to edit videos of her previous acting career and retouch many 
glamorous photos from her debut on 
the TS Gem Channel. She planned to play them on a loop at the birthday banquet, captivating the 
attention of all the guests. 
As a result, the next day, Shannon’s complexion was pale, with 
bloodshot eyes and massive dark circles. 
Without makeup, she resembled a vengeful ghost from an old horror 
movie! 
After all, she was nearing 50 and could not escape the signs of aging. 
In the past, even after filming for three days and nights, her skin. 
remained fair and radiant. Now, a single night without sleep was 
taking its toll on her aging face. 
“Someone! Hurry, call my beautician to come over for a makeover! Quickly!” Shannon was in a frantic 
state, pacing around her room.
She behaved like a manic person and smashed an expensive cup in a fit of rage. However, Gregory did 
not witness this arrogant and 
irritable outburst. 
The servant waiting outside was scared and quickly ran off to fetch 
the beautician. 
Shannon looked at herself in the mirror, a simmering rage building 
inside her. 
Today, she and Celeste were celebrating their birthdays on the same. day, like rivals in a competition. 
Shannon had not seen Celeste for many years. She considered 
herself the legitimate wife of Gregory, but despite her status being far 
superior to Celeste’s status as Wyatt’s mistress, she could not shake 
off her anxiety. 
In the past, Celeste was the leading actress on the TS Gem Channel, 
the fantasy of men nationwide. 
Shannon couldn’t help but feel anxious because she was afraid of 
being overshadowed by Celeste! 
“Mom! Mom!” Bethany rushed in hastily. However, seeing Shannon in
this ghostly state, Bethany was left momentarily stunned. 
“What’s the matter? Why are you acting like you’ve seen a ghost?” 
Shannon snapped impatiently. 
“I just called Grandpa again and confirmed with him. He said he wouldn’t be attending your birthday 
banquet tonight.” 
“What’s so surprising about that? I never expected that old man to show up from the beginning. 
Whether he comes or not, it does not 
matter. I’d rather not have him bring his old-fashioned gloominess 
here!” Shannon sneered coldly, making no effort to hide her disdain for Nigel in front of her daughter.
###chapter635
“But Grandpa also asked me to tell you…” Bethany stammered, 
trembling as she spoke, “He and Justin are both going to attend the Thompsons’ banquet.” 
“What?!” Shannon erupted in anger, her eyes ablaze. 
“He said he received a video call from Wyatt and Bella last night, and they had a pleasant 
conversation. So, he decided at the last minute to 
meet Wyatt and have a few drinks to catch up…’ 
” 
“Damn it!” Shannon was furious, her eyes spitting flames. She swept the dressing table clean in a fit of 
rage. 
“Mommy! What are we going to do? Both Justin and Grandpa are 
going to the Thompsons’ banquet, ignoring you completely. Isn’t this 
deliberate humiliation? How will you face others if they find out?” 
Bethany, who had been harboring resentment toward Shannon for 
supporting Carrie and Ryan’s relationship, seized this opportunity to 
vent her anger. 
“Deep down, they never truly acknowledge your status as the
mistress of the Salvador family. They think attending your birthday 
party is shameful and embarrassing for them!” 
“Stop talking! Just stop it!” Shannon was so enraged that her heart was pounding, and her blood 
pressure soared. 
“Mom! What do we do now?” Bethany looked anxious, but she was 
secretly delighted. 
“Enough! That old geezer is deliberately going against me. If I let this ruin my birthday, I would be 
falling right into their trap,” Shannon said with a grim expression as she sat on the sofa. 
Chap 635 
She crossed her legs and began doing Pilates. “After all, that old man. has retired now. Your father is 
his only heir to Salvador Corporation. Everything Nigel has will eventually belong to my husband. I 
won’t 
care about that senile old man on the brink of death. How much 
longer can he live anyway?” 
At exactly 6:00 p.m., a row of black luxury cars lined up neatly outside. the villa. The Salvador couple 
and their two daughters got into an extended Lincoln, escorted by cars with bodyguards both in the 
front and rear. The imposing procession headed toward the Salvador Hotel. 
Inside the car, Gregory stared expressionlessly out the window. His attitude toward Shannon showed 
no abnormality. After all, today was her birthday. 
The situation felt calm and not as tense as in the past. 
The Salvador sisters sat across from their parents. Carrie sat 
hunched over, tightly embracing the teddy bear that Bella had given 
her. She found comfort in its presence. 
Clad in an expensive and latest Chanel suit, Bethany sat next to 
Carrie, who dressed humbly. 
“Oh, little sister, today is Mommy’s big day. Why don’t you make an 
effort to dress up for the occasion?” Bethany sported a fake smile. 
She ger 
gently ran her fingers through her sister’s silky hair as a display of sisterly affection in front of Gregory. 
“Don’t you know how to doll up? Why didn’t you tell me? I could’ve helped you.” 
Carrie kept her back straight and her lips tightly sealed. 
“Remember how great your hair looked after I permed it for you time? I told you, I can do it again for 
you today.” Bethany said it w 
wicked smile in her eyes. 
Suddenly, Carrie raised her hand and forcefully removed Bethany grip. Both Gregory and Shannon 
were left dumbfounded. They had never seen Carrie lose her temper before. 
“Carrie! It hurts so much! What are you doing?” Bethany pretended to
look aggrieved, as if she were the victim. 
“I… I never wanted you to dress me up. You forced me into it!” Carrie hugged the little bear, her eyes 
reddened. With courage that seemed 
Chapp 
to come from nowhere, Carrie dared to speak up against Bethany. 
Gregory listened and looked at Bethany, puzzled. 
“What… What did you say?” Bethany’s pupils widened, utterly stunned. 
“Also, I hate that hairstyle… I hate it so much. Don’t ever force me to 
perm my hair again, okay?” Carrie clenched her teeth, each word 
carrying a deep resentment toward Bethany. 
“Bethany, what does Carrie mean by this? What’s going on?” Gregory 
asked with a serious expression. 
“Oh, Dad! Carrie isn’t an ordinary child. She often says things out of the blue. You know that, right? I’m 
just as confused as you are about 
why she suddenly said such things. I feel so wronged!” Bethany spoke 
in a sweet voice, feigning innocence. 
“Greg, is it true that Justin won’t be attending the banquet tonight? Is
he attending the Thompsons’ banquet instead?” Shannon chand 
the topic, holding her husband’s arm. 
“I don’t know.” Gregory furrowed his brow. 
“I don’t mean anything else. It’s just for the greater good. I still thi 
Justin should attend our banquet instead,” Shannon said, trying 
steer the conversation in a different direction. 
Shannon put on an act and spoke with warmth and gentleness, “If it 
were for Mila Larson’s birthday, it would be understandable. After all, 
Mila is the daughter of the Larson family. Establishing a good 
relationship would benefit us in the future and add a touch of 
decency. But what is the use of going to celebrate Celeste’s birthday? 
Not to mention, Celeste is just a commoner with a notorious past in 
the entertainment industry. If Justin goes to congratulate her, the 
media will surely write all sorts of nonsense.” 
Shannon’s eyes darkened gradually. “Moreover, Celeste is the least 
conspicuous of Wyatt Thompson’s wives. To call her a wife is already giving her too much credit. She’s 
simply Wyatt’s officially recognized mistress. With such an ambiguous status, does it even make sense.
for Justin, the president of the Salvador Corporation, to reach out to her? It’s too degrading.” 
For some reason, the term ‘mistress made Gregory extremely 
uncomfortable. It stirred up a trace of memories about Justin’s 
mother. 
“In the past, Celeste had no backing. But now, she has Wyatt Thompson’s support, and her situation 
has changed. If it weren’t for 
what happened back then, she would have already risen to 
prominence. She wouldn’t have ended up in a situation where she had 
no choice but to become Wyatt’s third wife.” 
Shannon was taken aback and cautiously asked, “Greg, did I say 
something wrong?” 
“I heard that not only Justin but also my father will be attending the 
banquet to meet Wyatt,” Gregory responded. 
Gregory gazed ahead, his tone calm. “Tonight’s main focus isn’t just 
on Celeste alone. Have you overlooked the presence of Wyatt 
Thompson? If both Nigel and Justin are willing to attend, just let them 
1. I’m tired, and I really don’t have the mood to get entangled in
these social niceties.” 
‘What’s going on? Why has his attitude changed?’ Shannon choked 
back heretren She call only face a onile to seccommendatio 
for freetiranito 
back her frustration. She could only force a smile to accommodate him. 
At this moment, Carrie found a comfortable position, and her little. head nodded slowly as she dozed 
off. After all, in the days spent with Ryan, he would cling to her every night, either with kisses or hugs, 
making it impossible for her to get a good night’s sleep. 
”
###chapter636
Chapter 636
The situation felt calm and not as tense as in the past.
The Salvador sisters sat across from their parents. Carrie sat hunched over, tightly embracing the teddy bear that Bella had given her. She found comfort in its presence.
Clad in an expensive and latest Chanel suit, Bethany sat next to Carrie, who dressed humbly.
"Oh, little sister, today is Mommy's big day. Why don't you make an effort to dress up for the occasion?" Bethany sported a fake smile.
She gently ran her fingers through her sister's silky hair as a display of sisterly affection in front of Gregory. "Don't you know how to doll up? Why didn't you tell me? I could've helped you."
Carrie kept her back straight and her lips tightly sealed.
"Remember how great your hair looked after I permed it for you last time? I told you, I can do it again for you today." Bethany said it with a wicked smile in her eyes.
Suddenly, Carrie raised her hand and forcefully removed Bethany's grip. Both Gregory and Shannon were left dumbfounded. They had never seen Carrie lose her temper before.
"Carrie! It hurts so much! What are you doing?" Bethany pretended to look aggrieved, as if she were the victim.
"I... I never wanted you to dress me up. You forced me into it!" Carrie hugged the little bear, her eyes reddened. With courage that seemed to come from nowhere, Carrie dared to speak up against Bethany.
Gregory listened and looked at Bethany, puzzled.
"What... What did you say?" Bethany's pupils widened, utterly stunned.
"Also, I hate that hairstyle... I hate it so much. Don't ever force me to perm my hair again, okay?" Carrie clenched her teeth, each word carrying a deep resentment toward Bethany. "Bethany, what does Carrie mean by this? What's going on?" Gregory asked with a serious expression.
"Oh, Dad! Carrie isn't an ordinary child. She often says things out of the blue. You know that, right? I'm just as confused as you are about why she suddenly said such things. I feel so wronged!" Bethany spoke in a sweet voice, feigning innocence.
"Greg, is it true that Justin won't be attending the banquet tonight? Is he attending the Thompsons' banquet instead?" Shannon changed the topic, holding her husband's arm.
"I don't know." Gregory furrowed his brow.
"I don't mean anything else. It's just for the greater good. I still think Justin should attend our banquet instead," Shannon said, trying to steer the conversation in a different direction.
Shannon put on an act and spoke with warmth and gentleness, "If it were for Mila Larson's birthday, it would be understandable. After all, Mila is the daughter of the Larson family. Establishing a good relationship would benefit us in the future and add a touch of decency. But what is the use of going to celebrate Celeste's birthday? Not to mention, Celeste is just a commoner with a notorious past in the entertainment industry. If Justin goes to congratulate her, the media will surely write all sorts of nonsense."
Shannon's eyes darkened gradually. "Moreover, Celeste is the least conspicuous of Wyatt Thompson's wives. To call her a wife is already giving her too much credit. She's simply Wyatt's officially recognized mistress. With such an ambiguous status, does it even make sense for Justin, the president of the Salvador Corporation, to reach out to her? It's too degrading."
For some reason, the term 'mistress' made Gregory extremely uncomfortable. It stirred up a trace of memories about Justin's mother.
"In the past, Celeste had no backing. But now, she has Wyatt Thompson's support, and her situation has changed. If it weren't for what happened back then, she would have already risen to prominence. She wouldn't have ended up in a situation where she had no choice but to become Wyatt's third wife."
Shannon was taken aback and cautiously asked, "Greg, did I say something wrong?"
"I heard that not only Justin but also my father will be attending the banquet to meet Wyatt," Gregory responded.
Gregory gazed ahead, his tone calm. "Tonight's main focus isn't just on Celeste alone. Have you overlooked the presence of Wyatt Thompson? If both Nigel and Justin are willing to attend, just let them be. I'm tired, and I really don't have the mood to get entangled in these social niceties."
'What's going on? Why has his attitude changed?' Shannon choked back her frustration. She could only force a smile to accommodate him.
At this moment, Carrie found a comfortable position, and her little head nodded slowly as she dozed off. After all, in the days spent with Ryan, he would cling to her every night, either with kisses or hugs, making it impossible for her to get a good night's sleep.
###chapter637
Bethany trembled with anger next to Carrie. Her lips twitched as if she wished to peel Carrie’s skin off, 
tear her flesh apart, and drain her 
blood. ‘Damn her! Does she think having Ryan to back her up makes 
her invincible? The happier she is, the faster she’ll meet her demise! 
I’ll make sure of it!’ 
Although Shannon’s birthday banquet was held in a low-profile 
manner, she still leaked information to the media. She believed that 
she was born to be in the spotlight. So how could she celebrate her 
birthday without attention? 
Reporters who caught wind of the news hovered and waited inside 
the hotel. Escorted by bodyguards, the Salvador family approached 
the banquet hall. 
Shannon exuded an air of superiority, adorned with jewels and 
radiance, embodying the style of an affluent and elegant woman. 
“Mrs. Salvador!” 
“Ms. Shannon!”
The reporters swarmed over, snapping photos of the Salvador family. 
Gregory felt displeased, but he remained composed and faced the 
media alongside his wife, Shannon. 
“Mr. Salvador, tonight is your wife’s birthday banquet. The whole family is here, but where is Mr. 
Justin?” The reporter skillfully touched 
upon the sensitive topics, showcasing their knack for stirring up 
trouble. 
“Justin had some urgent matters and had to leave in a hurry.” Gregory 
smiled faintly, giving a brief and dismissive response. 
“Today is the birthday of Ms. Celeste, the third wife of Wyatt 
Thompson, chairman of KS Group. Ms. Shannon, your birthday should 
be on Wednesday, but you moved it to Sunday. Is it intentional to 
coincide with Ms. Celeste? Back in the day, you two were once the leading actresses on the same 
platform. There were rumors of 
competition and strained relations between the two of you. Haven’t 
you let go of past grievances after all these years?” 
“Oh my! Is today also Celeste’s birthday? I didn’t know until you mentioned it.” Shannon pretended to 
be surprised. She covered her
mouth with a hand adorned with a large diamond ring. 
“It seems I may have overlooked that. I should wish her a happy birthday. I chose today because our 
families and guests are all sy and can’t spare the time on Wednesday.” 
Shannon continued with a smug smile, “After all, we invited many 
guests this time. I also took into consideration the schedules of 
guests. I made sure everyone had ample time to come and gath 
with us.” 
“Guests? Have you invited so many guests?” 
The journalists exchanged puzzled glances. “We’ve been here waiting for two hours, and we haven’t 
seen anyone arriving.” 
Shannon was suddenly alarmed. ‘How could this be?’ 
She had invited over a hundred guests weeks in advance, and most of 
Change 
them had accepted the invitations, promising to attend! Why hadn’t 
anyone shown up?! 
Shannon forced a cheerful smile, her entire body tense and her heart 
pounding like a drum.
“Alright, let’s go inside first,” Gregory urged in a low voice. 
As the group walked to the entrance of the banquet hall, the waiter 
opened the massive doors. 
The next moment, the poised smiles on Gregory and Shannon’s faces 
froze.* 
Shannon, in particular, turned ashen instantly. She clenched her lower lip tightly, nearly screaming in 
dismay. 
There were only a handful of guests in the vast and luxurious banquet 
hall. The imagined crowd of distinguished guests, dressed in 
elegance and grace, was nowhere to be found. 
‘Where is everyone? Where did they go?!” Shannon thought.
###chapter638
Only a handful of guests were scattered around the banquet hall, making the grand hall seem desolate 
and cold. Most of them were 
elderly gentlemen who were business associates of Gregory Salvador. 
Apart from the waitstaff and the pianist, there was not a single 
female guest in sight. 
None of those rich housewives, who usually pretended to be friendly 
with Shannon, showed up. Neither did those who had to butter up to her due to the influence of the 
Salvador family turn up. 
They seemed to have coordinated with each other, as not a single. 
one of them showed up! 
It was utterly infuriating! 
If it were not for the presence of a group of media reporters behi 
her, Shannon might have burst into a rage right there and then. 
Gregory furrowed his brows. His lips showed a restrained expressi 
but not much emotion could be discerned. 
Bethany was completely bewildered. She knew that her mother did
not have the best reputation amongst the social circles, but she did 
not expect it to be this bad! 
“Quick! Quick, take pictures! This could become a trending headline!” 
The reporters stuck their heads out, frantically capturing shots of the forlorn place. 
(Chapter 630 
“How about the headline, ‘Birthday Banquet of Salvador Corporation 
Chairman’s Wife Takes an Unexpected Turn-Is the Glitz Fading in Tough Times?”” 
“She just claimed to have invited many people a moment ago, but now she practically embarrassed 
herself. How hilarious!” 
Shannon was so enraged that her legs beneath her elegant gown trembled uncontrollably. 
She shot a fierce glare at Bethany, signaling for her daughter to speak 
on her behalf. 
Facing the reporters, Bethany forced a smile and said, “Dear friends 
from the media, my mother’s birthday banquet is about to begin. We 
need to go inside to greet the guests. Please feel free to leave, and 
we’ll be giving out goody bags at the entrance later. Thank you and have a good day!” 
The bodyguards swiftly ushered the reporters out.
Even after receiving the goody bags, some reporters could not but express their discontent. 
“Huh, they made us rush here in the heavy snow, and now they’re 
kicking us out. It’s obvious they feel embarrassed and don’t want to 
be seen!” 
“Greeting guests? Where are the guests? Are they going to greet ghosts, perhaps? Hahaha!” 
The birthday banquet had just begun, yet it felt as desolate as if it 
were about to end. 
Shannon was seething with anger. Her refined makeup failed to 
conceal the stiffness and anger on her face. 
The guests, who were all Gregory’s friends, offered their 
congratulations to her before engaging in lively conversations with Gregory. They completely ignored 
the supposed female lead on the 
sidelines. 
‘How could this be happening? How could it be like this?’ Shannon 
thought.
“Mom! Mom!” Bethany rushed in, clutching her long dress. 
She was panting heavily, and her face was drained of color. “I sent 
someone to check, and guess what? The guests we invited have all 
gathered at the KS World Hotel. Bella stole them!”. 
Shannon had suspected it, but having it confirmed was a heavy blow 
to her, almost making her faint. “Bella Thompson… Why is it that damned wretched girl again?!” 
Seated nearby, Carrie, who was playing with the small teddy bear, 
overheard her sister-in-law’s name and looked at them with a 
complex gaze. 
“Tonight, half of the people went for the Thompsons, while the other 
half went for the Iversons. It is said that those who matter in the 
Iverson family were all present at Celeste’s birthday party. The 
Thompsons have joined hands with the Iversons, and those 
pretentious people are trying to curry favor with both the Thompsons 
and Iversons!” 
Bethany surprisingly displayed a boost of intelligence at this moment.
She took another step closer to Shannon and spoke with an exasperated tone. “Also, I heard that a few 
people who weren’t 
initially invited by the Thompsons received invitations from Bella yesterday. So, they changed their 
minds and went to the KS World 
Hotel. It turns out the mastermind behind all this was Bella all along!” 
“This wretched woman causes me trouble all the damn time! Does 
she think she can ruin my birthday banquet this way? Does she think 
that I’m a pushover?!” Shannon cursed, her features contorting angrily. 
“Mom, please don’t call Bella a wretched woman. She’s not a 
wretched woman!” Unable to endure it any longer, Carrie gathered her 
courage, her face turning red as she retorted. 
Shannon glared at her in uncontrollable anger. “Shut up! She’s not 
your sister-in-law anymore!” 
“Carrie! Do you even know what you’re talking about?!” 
Seizing the opportunity while Shannon was furious, Bethany angr 
rushed to Carrie. With a fierce jab of her sharp nails, Bethany pinche 
Carrie’s cheek. Carrie gasped in pain and tried to pull away.
###chapter639
A distinct red mark appeared on Carrie’s cheek instantly. 
“Because of that despicable Bella, Mommy has suffered so much. 
injustice, almost driven to death by anger! As Mommy’s daughter, it’s bad enough that you act 
indifferent, but you’re actually speaking up for that despicable Bella! Mommy raised you in vain!” 
“She’s not despicable!” The more Shannon spoke, the angrier Carrie became, refuting with red eyes. 
“Then what is she if not despicable? What is she?” Bethany stretched 
her neck and shouted, drawing the attention of some guests. 
“No!” 
As if a button of rage had been pressed, Carrie suddenly stood up. 
She glared angrily with her round eyes, meeting Bethany’s asto d 
gaze. 
Carrie could endure this woman hitting her and cursing at her. Bu 
couldn’t tolerate her insulting her beloved sister-in-law. 
“You little ingrate! How dare you yell at me! Do you think I’m afraid you just because you have Ryan’s 
support?!” 
Bethany felt challenged by Carrie, who had been getting on her nerves all night and had reached her 
limit. She raised her hand, ready to
pinch her arm. 
At that moment, the grand doors of the banquet hall suddenly swung 
open. 
All eyes turned to the man, who strode in with steady steps and grace. 
“Ryan!” 
Carrie looked at Ryan, and her eyes gradually welled up with joyful 
tears. 
At this moment, Ryan’s charming eyes shined brilliantly like a hawk. 
His gaze locked on her, intense and passionate. 
Even if Carrie was always dressed so plainly, he stared at her and was unwilling to look away. 
Even if she always kept her head down and hunched her shoulders, 
almost lacking any presence, he could still spot her with just one 
glance. 
“Ryan Hoffman?!” Shannon and Bethany were both dumbfounded. 
Gregory was chatting with guests when he saw Ryan walking over, 
dressed in a luxurious wine-red velvet suit, looking noble like a groom. 
Gregory was also surprised.
Bethany quickly withdrew her hand, her mood in a whirlwind as she 
stared at Ryan. She was completely blinded by love.. 
Even if Ryan had treated her cruelly, she would forget the pain once 
the scars healed. 
Upon seeing Ryan’s enchanting face, she was infatuated and fell 
deeply in love once again. 
However, she also knew that Ryan simply did not like her. Even if she stood naked in front of him, it 
would not make him change his mind. 
“So, why did he come?” 
“Could it be…” 
“Mr. Hoffman, I’m truly delighted that you could come. We’ve been 
eagerly awaiting your arrival!” 
Shannon was pleased to see Ryan approaching and promptly greeted him, “Quick! Get champagne for 
Mr. Hoffman!” 
As long as he was willing to attend, even if it was for Carrie, it would 
add glory to her birthday banquet.
“No need. I did not come for the birthday banquet.” Ryan’s hands. 
were casually tucked into his pockets. A sly smile was playing on his 
lips, exuding a captivating charm. 
“So, why are you here then?” 
“I’m here to take my girl away.” 
Everyone was shocked! 
His voice, resonant and powerful, carried deep affection. 
In the midst of everyone’s astonishment, Ryan’s lips curled up like a 
perfect crescent moon. 
Without hesitation, he walked toward Carrie. 
Shannon and Bethany were both shocked. Their expressions were 
unable to convey their surprise and embarrassment. 
Carrie blushed with embarrassment as she stood there, watching 
Ryan approach her.
###chapter640
The teddy bear in her hands seemed to have transformed into an 
innocent bouquet of flowers. 
Ryan walked straight ahead. As he passed Bethany, he coldly brushed 
her aside, showing no regard for her. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
Play 
“Ouch! That hurts!” 
Bethany felt a sharp pain in her shoulder, causing her to stagger 
backward. She nearly stumbled to the ground. 
“Carrie.” 
Ryan stood in front of Carrie and gazed deeply at her flushed face. 
His voice was low yet alluring. “You look beautiful today.” 
Carrie felt her heart pound even harder upon hearing Ryan’s words. 
“It’s so boring here. How about we leave together?” Ryan extended his 
hand toward her, his charming eyes filled with tenderness.
“Leave… Where are we going?” 
“Anywhere. I’ll take you wherever you want to go.” His gaze was 
unusually sincere. 
Inexplicably, Carrie felt like crying. Her eyes turned red. 
Since she was young, she has always been the silliest and most 
obedient child in the family. 
She had never experienced what it felt like to be cherished and 
accommodated by someone. 
This was her first time. 
“I… Want to go find Bella and Justin.” Carrie’s voice choked as she 
whispered. 
choppe: 640 
“Alright, I’ll take you to them.” 
With those words, Ryan took the initiative to hold her soft hand and 
turned to leave. 
The whole room fell silent.
When the pair reached the doorway, Ryan remembered something 
and suddenly halted, causing Carrie to almost bump into his back. 
He turned slightly and gave a shallow bow in Gregory’s direction, then 
he left with Carrie. 
Gregory was taken aback. 
This man was openly taking away his beloved daughter. 
Initially, Gregory felt somewhat displeased. But then, before leaving, 
Ryan did not forget to greet him, showing proper respect for him as 
an elder. This made it hard for Gregory to harbor any resentment. 
“Mom! What should we do? What should we do?” Bethany’s ch 
twitched as she urgently pulled on Shannon’s arm. “Ryan just took 
away like that! What kind of situation is this? Isn’t he intentionally 
causing trouble? You can’t let Carrie go! You must bring her back!” 
“Bring her back? Why should we bring her back?” Shannon forcefully shook off her hand, casting a 
disdainful look at her. Ironically, this 
sort of treatment used to be reserved only for Carrie.
“My birthday banquet is already ruined. Whether your sister comes. back or not, what’s the point? 
Besides, why should I bring her back? Can’t you see? Carrie is with Ryan. Haven’t you noticed the way 
he looks at Carrie? It even surpasses the way your father used to look at 
Chapt/640 
me in the past. Stop being delusional. Stop trying to ruin your sister’s good fortune and be quiet!” 
Bethany’s heart sank. She let go of Shannon’s arm resentfully. 
‘Bella, do you think that this means I’ve lost? You ruined my birthday banquet. I won’t let you have your 
way!’ Shannon picked up a 
champagne glass, her eyes red as she gulped the champagne down 
her throat. 
Outside the hall, Bethany walked to a secluded area. She took out her 
phone and dialed Zoe’s number with gritted teeth. 
“Well, well, how do you still have the courage to call me?” After 
numerous rings, Zoe finally answered. Her tone did not hide her 
annoyance toward Bethany. 
Although Bethany despised this woman for plotting against her in the 
past, as the saying goes, the enemy of an enemy is a friend.. 
Getting back at Carrie wouldn’t be easy without Zoe’s help. Thus, she
set aside her emotions and coldly said, “I’m not in the mood to argue with you right now. I assume you 
probably won’t be in the mood to quarrel with me after knowing what happened either.”
###chapter641
Ryan held Carrie’s warm and sweaty hand and walked forward 
without looking away. 
He noticed that Carrie was so nervous that her palms were sweaty. 
The corner of his lips curled, and he couldn’t help but chuckle 
indulgently. 
“Ryan, why don’t we go to the underground parking lot?” Carrie asked 
in panic when she saw him walking to the hotel lobby. 
“My car is parked at the main entrance. The basement parking is too 
troublesome.” 
“But… But there are reporters outside. Paparazzi.” Carrie suddenly. 
stopped. Her delicate shoulders shrank, and her eyes were full of 
fear. “It’s not good if we go out like this. The paparazzi will write 
nonsense.” 
“Nonsense? Like what?” 
Ryan saw Carrie walking away in a hurry in thin clothes. He took off
his red velvet jacket and draped it over her shoulders. He carefully 
buttoned it up for her, one button at a time. 
Was 
He the definition of an overprotective boyfriend. 
“I don’t mind them writing anything about us.” 
“Um, they’ll write about our relationship…” Carrie blushed and 
mumbled softly. Her voice became softer as she spoke. 
1641 
Ryan felt like soft feathers were tickling his heart. His eyes turned red, and his Adam’s apple rolled 
uncontrollably. His big hand slowly landed on her back, stroking it up and down. 
“That’s great.” 
“Eh?” Carrie’s doe-like eyes widened slightly with a look of 
astonishment. 
“Carrie, you’re my girl. Do you understand what that means?” Ryan’s eyes darkened as he wrapped his 
large palms around her and squeezed her waist. 
He really liked touching the nape of her neck, her soft hair, her warm 
body, and her delicate skin. For him, every inch was a temptation. 
Carrie seemed to understand vaguely, but she shook her head.
“It means that I don’t care what others say. I just want to be with you. 
I just want to be with you wholeheartedly.” 
Carrie’s breath was stuck in her throat. She felt the scorching heat. from his overly passionate and 
seductive eyes. 
She also really liked being with Ryan, but…. 
Ryan gently pinched her cheeks when he saw that she was frozen stiff. He could not help but feel 
puzzled. He asked, “Carrie, what’s 
wrong?” 
“Ryan, let’s go through the back door.” Carrie’s eyes were filled with anxious tears. Her tone was soft, 
almost pleading. “I’m afraid… I’m afraid they will laugh at you!” 
1645 
“Carrie?” Ryan was stunned, and his eyes widened in surprise. 
“We can stay in places where no one can see us. Let’s keep it a secret 
and not let anyone find out. Please!” Carrie clasped her hands 
together and kept rubbing them. “I’m not afraid of getting laughed at. But I’m afraid that they’ll laugh at 
you. Since I was young, people who were close to me have been mocked. I don’t want them to mock 
you!” 
Ryan’s pupils trembled fiercely.
Staring at her pale little face, he felt his breath hitch. His heart. 
seemed to be gripped by a tremendous force. An infinite sense of heartache and anguish pierced him. 
He felt intense hatred for all those who once bullied her. He hated 
himself even more for not being by her side and not being there to protect her earlier. 
“Ah! Let go… Let go.” 
Carrie’s gaze suddenly swirled. In the next moment, he carrie in bridal style. 
“No.” Ryan’s eyes were filled with a sharp light. He strode out the door, holding Carrie in his arms. 
He gritted his teeth and said, “I want to see who dares to laugh at m woman. Whoever dares to do so, 
I’ll make sure they can only cry in their next life!” 
It was rowdy outside the hotel. Many reporters were still lingering and did not leave. 
They noticed Ryan walking out with a beautiful young lady in his arms. 
Everyone was shocked and swarmed around them. 
“Who is this girl with Mr. Hoffman? Is she a new girlfriend? I haven’t 
seen her before.” 
“Damn… You’re blind! That’s Ms. Carrie Salvador, the youngest 
daughter of Chairman Gregory Salvador.”
###chapter642
“Damn! Is that true? I heard that there is a young lady in the Salvador 
family who is very low-key and almost never shows up in public. So, 
that’s her? Wow! She looks as beautiful as a movie star!” 
“Bethany Salvador used to buy media coverage all the time. She 
flaunted herself as the most beautiful heiress in Savrow. I think she’s 
far inferior to her younger sister.” 
“Tsk, tsk. That’s right. Mr. Hoffman always has exceptional taste in 
women.” 
Seeing that the scene was becoming chaotic, Yasmin immediately 
rushed forward with two bodyguards. They formed a human shield to help Ryan through the crowd. 
Countless cameras flashed wildly at them. Carrie buried her blushing 
face in Ryan’s black shirt, resisting the invasion of the glaring light. 
“Don’t be afraid. I’m here,” Ryan whispered in her ears. 
“Mm.” This response made Ryan ecstatic, more than words could 
express.
“Mr. Hoffman! Is Ms. Carrie Salvador your new girlfriend?” 
“Mr. Hoffman! Have you already confirmed your relationship? Are you 
two currently dating?” 
The reporters bombarded them with questions, incredibly excited. 
All of Savrow knew that Ryan Hoffman was a charming and wealthy. 
playboy. He had wandered among a sea of women, but for so many years, he had never introduced 
any woman to the public. 
However, Carrie was different. It was obvious how much Ryan valued 
her. 
even more.. 
Ryan paused and turned to look at the camera intently, hugging Carrie in his arms. “Ms. Salvador will 
have the final say whether we’re dating or not. She can choose not to be with me, but 
I’ve already decided to give my heart to her.” 
Everyone looked at each other in shock! 
Ryan, the heir to the Hoffman Group, had always been domineering. 
Whatever he set his sights on became his, regardless of others’
approval. However, this time, he unexpectedly showed enough respect to Carrie. He even put himself 
in an unprecedentedly humble position and gave her complete authority to decide. 
No, it was even more indulgent. 
Originally, the situation was under control, but with that explosive statement, the situation almost 
spiraled out of control! 
Yasmin had to exert considerable effort to escort Ryan and Carrie to the car. Soon, the luxury car left 
the crowd behind and headed toward the KS World Hotel. 
“Mr. Hoffman.” Yasmin hesitated for a moment and spoke with 
concern. “There might be some fluctuations in online public opinion. 
later. I’ll handle it as quickly as possible.” 
“Why should you handle it? Did I do something shameful?” Ryan’s 
eyes darkened, and his voice turned cold. 
“No, but…” 
“Do you think I care what those keyboard warriors online will say? They love digging up old graves, 
kicking the lame, and insulting the 
mute. Is it wrong that I want to be with the person I like?”
“No problem! There is no problem at all!” Yasmin dared not speak further and turned back to focus on 
driving. 
Carrie’s shoulders trembled slightly. She lifted her gaze and looked into Ryan’s gentle eyes, “Ryan, I…” 
“Don’t say anything. It’s my own choice and has nothing to do with you.” Seeing that her hair was 
soaked in sweat, he lifted her hair 
carefully and tucked it behind her ears. 
Suddenly, his eyes narrowed, and he noticed the red marks on her cheeks. “Carrie, what happened to 
your cheek? Who did it? 
“It’s nothing. I accidentally bumped into something.” Carried tried to cover it with her hair, but Ryan 
grabbed her hand. 
Ryan’s eyes were filled with anger, and he asked in a low voice, “Did Bethany do this to you?” 
Carrie bit her lips and remained silent. 
‘Alright, it’s time we settled the score. Both of those incidents will be taken into account.’ Ryan decided 
to blame everything on that vicious woman, Bethany. 
“Ryan… Don’t do this again in the future. I don’t want to cause you any trouble. I don’t want to…” 
Carrie looked gloomy and flustered. 
yan mild and 
Hand Hight 9 (overed 
he head and vicende tyd Your causing any
re 
trouble doing everything willing 
“Why love for pole je to have you projey become my woman and stay 
by my side in thought
###chapter643
At exactly 7:00 p.m., the KS World Hotel was bustling and 
extraordinarily lively. 
It was a world of difference compared to the quietness on Shannon’s 
side. 
Outside the hotel, luxury cars abound. 
The guests were all from wealthy families or dignitaries. Each one of them was well-dressed and 
adorned with exquisite jewelry. They were all wealthy men and women with a net worth of billions of 
dollars. 
At Celeste’s request, Wyatt held the birthday party in a very low-key 
manner. 
Despite that, the prestige of the Thompson family was on full display. 
They had a growing interest in expanding their business to Savrow. With that in mind, who in the 
business world would not reach out to Wyatt Thompson? Besides, this tycoon also had an eligible 
daughter who had been shining brightly recently. 
Mila and Sasha chose not to make an appearance downstairs to 
avoid overshadowing Celeste tonight. 
Instead, they entertained their long-time friends upstairs.
They did not feel neglected, but were rather secretly pleased to have this rare moment of relaxation. 
As Celeste’s only daughter, Amelia naturally could not be idle and 
helped her sister, Bella, greet the guests outside the venue. 
Amelia wore a pale yellow chiffon evening gown, personally selected by Bella. 
Her slender, fair legs were subtly revealed under the pale yellow skirt. She looked like the female lead 
in a romance novel. 
Amelia was grateful to her sister, knowing the amount of effort put into dressing her up. 
However, she still felt that she could not match up to Bella. 
Bella wore a simple and elegant black floor-length evening dress that modestly revealed her shoulders. 
Despite not putting in much effort, Bella looked stunning in her tastefully chosen dress. 
Amelia stole a glance at Bella and found herself captivated. Amelia found her sister far more 
enchanting. 
“Amelia? Is there something on my face?” Bella blinked her almond- shaped eyes, looking at her dazed 
younger sister. 
“No… Nothing.” Amelia blushed inexplicably. 
“Then, are you tired? The birthday banquet is still a while away. I’ll get you a room upstairs, and you 
can rest first.”
“No need, Bella. I’m not tired.” Amelia quickly shook her head. 
“Ms. Bella, the Iversons are here.” Steven, who had been handling the guests outside, hurriedly came 
in. Sweat beaded on his forehead. 
Seeing this, Amelia quickly took out a handkerchief from her evening bag. 
She pursed her lips in hesitation and held the handkerchief tightly in her hands. She did not dare step 
forward to give it to him. 
“Steve, look at how busy you are. You’re sweating so much!” Bella pursed her lips thoughtfully. 
Her slender, jade-like hand clasped Amelia’s slender waist and 
pushed her forward. “Amelia, you have a handkerchief here. Go ahead and wipe Steve’s sweat.” 
Both Steven and Amelia were taken aback, and both their cheeks 
were flushed with a hint of embarrassment. 
Twisting the handkerchief in her hand, Amelia awkwardly shuffled 
over to Steven. 
Summoning her courage, Amelia raised her hand and was about to wipe the sweat off for him. 
However, Steven snatched the handkerchief away and hastily wiped the sweat from his forehead. His 
heart was racing as he said, “No need, Ms. Amelia. Thank you.” 
“It’s nothing.” Amelia bit her pink lips and felt waves of disappointment in her heart.
“Sorry for soiling your handkerchief. I’ll buy you a new one later.” Steve said, embarrassed, as he 
tucked her handkerchief away. 
“No need. You can keep it as a gift.” Amelia dryly quipped. 
Watching their interaction, Bella became increasingly sure that something was going on between the 
two of them. 
At this moment, the Iversons made their entrance to the venue, looking noble. 
Of Lance Iverson’s four children, three of them promised they would come. The only exception was 
Lance’s daughter, Astrid, who was overseas and had not returned. But there was no sign of 
Christopher. 
James Iverson walked in with his wife, Coral, and was followed 
closely by Charles Iverson. 
Seeing James, Bella’s beautiful eyes could not help but cloud over with gloom. 
“Bella, long time, no see.” Charles’s eyes lit up when he saw Bella. Unlike his usually proud demeanor, 
he showed abnormal enthusiasm toward the young lady. 
Bella smiled politely and said, “We met the last time you came to our house. It’s not been long since we 
last saw each other. But it seems like it’s been a while since you’ve seen my sister, Amelia.” 
She could see that Charles was very attentive to her. This was acceptable. After all, who would not like 
such a perfect woman? But she could not stand the fact that her equally noble sister, Amelia, was 
being ignored and treated as if she were invisible.
Charles was momentarily embarrassed because he did not recognize Amelia. 
“Hello, Mr. Charles.” Amelia did not take it to heart, smiling gently. 
James’s face remained expressionless. He glanced lightly at Amelia and Steven and smiled faintly. 
“Charles, you are too straightforward. You usually handle things very thoroughly. But as soon as you 
see 
Chap 643 
Ms. Bella, you only have eyes for her. That’s quite rude. Why don’t you quickly apologize to Ms. 
Amelia?” 
“It was my mistake. Haha. I’m sorry, Ms. Amelia.” Charles bowed to Amelia in apology. 
Amelia smiled faintly, feeling a bit embarrassed. 
“Ladies and gentlemen, please enter the venue. Steve, please lead our 
guests inside.” Bella instructed with a smile. 
“Yes, Ms. Bella.” 
A short while after the Iversons left, Steven hurried back to Bella’s 
side and whispered, “Ms. Bella, may have a word with you?” 
Bella and Steven went to a quiet corridor. 
“Ms. Bella, James’ mistress, who bullied Ms. Amelia, came to the banquet. She even has an invitation 
and is already inside the venue!” Steven’s brows were furrowed, and he asked in a deep voice, “Should 
I send someone to kick her out now?”
“Kick her out? Why bother? She has an invitation. Doing that would make us look bad.” Bella leaned 
against the wall. She crossed her beautiful, slender arms, making her look like an exquisitely crafted 
sculpture. 
“How strange! I’ve carefully checked every invitation sent out. I made sure everyone received only one 
invitation, without mistake. How could that woman possibly have an invitation?” Steven was full of 
doubt. 
“Ah, because her invitation is from me.” 
Steven gasped and said, “Ms. Bella, what did you say?” 
“I said, I invited Mandy to the banquet.” 
Bella spoke with a sly smile. Her mischievous eyes made her seem. 
like a cunning fox. “There’s no better time than tonight to stand up for my sister.”
###chapter644
Steven was dumbfounded. 
Bella’s actions were always so unexpected, catching him off guard. 
“But, Ms. Bella, James and his wife are here tonight. Wouldn’t 
Mandy’s sudden appearance cause a disturbance? After all, tonight is 
Madam Celeste’s birthday celebration. The night should go on 
smoothly.” Steven expressed his concerns. 
“That’s why I won’t let her into the banquet hall and soil the eyes of my family members.” 
Steven was taken aback and asked, “What do you mean…?” 
Bella narrowed her beautiful eyes, and a cold glint flashed in them. 
“I will take care of this woman before the birthday banquet officially 
begins. Don’t worry.” 
At this moment, Amelia had just come out of the restroom. After a 
quick touch-up, she hurriedly walked out, ready to continue helping in 
the front. 
“You bunch of stupid security guards! Why are you blocking my way? I
have an invitation! Are you blind?” 
Amelia suddenly stopped in her tracks when she heard the familiar 
and unpleasant voice. Her heart sank, and she raised her eyes 
abruptly. 
Not far away, Mandy was blocked by two security guards. She kept 
waving the invitation in her hand, her face and ears crimson. Her 
voice was sharp and loud, like a shrew arguing in a market. 
‘Why is Mandy here?! She really has an invitation. Did James bring her 
in?’ Amelia’s face turned pale, and her heart thumped like a drum. 
“Get out of my way! Do you know who I am? If you keep blocking me, 
I’ll make sure you regret it!” Mandy struggled to break free, but the 
security guards would not let go, nearly breaking her wrist. The pain 
made her gasp for breath. 
“What’s going on here?” 
Amidst the argument, Steven, dressed in a suit, walked toward them 
with an indifferent expression.
“Mr. Lovett, this person is trying to use a fake invitation to sneak in. 
We caught her, but she won’t leave even if we drive her away,” one of 
the bodyguards explained. 
“Oh?” Steven raised his eyebrows. 
“Is… Is it you?! The one who drives a Porsche!” Mandy recognized Steven and pointed at him, 
shouting, “So, you work in this hotel, huh? Are you the lobby manager? Never mind. I don’t care what 
you’re doing here. Just let me in. Don’t let these security guards touch me!” 
However, Steven treated Mandy as if he had never seen her before. He looked at her coldly and said, 
“If the invitation is fake, I’m sorry, 
but I can only ask you to leave immediately.” 
“Fake? What nonsense are you talking about? My invitation was sent to me by someone from KS 
World Hotel. How could it be fake?” 
Mandy was furious. She forcefully threw the card in her hand at 
Steven’s face. “Take a good look! Look!” 
Swish- 
The invitation hit Steven’s fair cheek, leaving behind an extremely fine 
trail of blood. 
Faced with such humiliation, Steven remained unperturbed.
He lifted his hand and lightly wiped the wound with his fingertips. His 
gaze was shrouded in misty darkness. 
“Steve!” Seeing her crush being mistreated, Amelia could not bear it 
any longer and rushed forward with red eyes. 
“Oh? So, this little slut is also here.” 
Mandy was surprised to see Amelia hurrying over. Her eyes were full 
of disdain as she remarked, “Huh, it seems like a wife follows 
wherever the husband goes, huh?” 
While she mocked, her eyes couldn’t help but appraise the evening 
gown on her arch-enemy. 
Mandy thought, ‘Isn’t this dress the upcoming spring collection from 
Paris Fashion Week? It’s not available domestically. Why is this slut 
wearing it?”
###chapter645
“How does a hotel manager have a Porsche? Do you have the capability to support her? Surely, you 
must have indulged in some 
shady activities privately. Look at how righteous you are acting while 
being a gigolo. How disgusting!” 
“Who are you calling a gigolo? Watch your mouth and show some respect!” Steven finally erupted in 
anger, his fists clenching audibly. 
“Young man, I suggest you not trust this woman too much. She may 
seem pure and innocent, but in private, she’s quite promiscuous.” Mandy flipped her wavy hair, 
disdainfully glancing at Amelia. “All her 
filthy deeds have long been rumored in our school. Her reputation at 
the Savrow Film Academy has long been tarnished. Only someone like you wouldn’t know that you’ve 
been cuckolded.” 
Steven trembled with anger, his shoulders quivering. 
An uncontrollable rage flashed in his eyes. 
Steven understood the principle that to destroy someone, one must 
first make them go mad. 
Although he promised Bella to keep his composure, he could hardly
contain himself at this moment. 
“Mandy, if you have any grievances, let’s discuss them privately. Don’t make a scene here!” Amelia 
anxiously intervened, standing in front of 
Steven. 
“I’m going to attend the banquet now. Who wants to talk to you privately? Who do you think you are? 
Let go of me!” Mandy yelled 
Chap 645 
loudly, behaving like an unruly hooligan. 
Amelia clenched her lips in frustration, really wanting to rush forward 
and slap her. 
“It’s so noisy. What’s going on?” 
A voice rang out, cold as ice yet still sweet and melodious. There was 
a touch of effortless grace to the voice. 
Mandy turned around abruptly. 
She saw Bella, flanked by two tall bodyguards, walking toward them swiftly with a commanding 
presence. 
Mandy couldn’t help but shiver, instantly falling silent like a frightened 
chick.
This was the rumored Ms. Bella Thompson, the general manager of 
KS World Hotel, and the legendary jewelry designer, Alexa! 
‘Heavens! She’s too beautiful. She’s like an angel descending to e 
Every strand of her hair is sparkling! Mandy thought. 
“Ms. Thompson!” Steven and the other bodyguards bowed in unison 
to Bella. 
Seeing that she had alarmed her sister, Amelia felt guilty. She lowered 
her head and bit her lip, not daring to make a sound. 
Like her mother, Amelia was most afraid of causing trouble for her 
family. It was even more unbearable than death. 
Bella walked over with a calm expression. She ignored Mandy and addressed Steven instead. “What’s 
going on? This is a banquet 
Shurgeress 
hosted by the Thompson family, not a marketplace. Making a scene 
is unacceptable.” 
like s 
“Ms. Bella, this woman is holding a fake invitation and insists on
sneaking in. We don’t know what her intentions are. She might be a 
dangerous person,” Steven said with a serious expression. He 
escalated the situation directly. “I suggest we call the police and let 
the authorities handle it.” 
“Call the police?!” Mandy, hearing this, turned pale. She urgently 
exclaimed, “Why call the police? I have an invitation. Your people 
were rude to me first. Can’t I seek justice? Can the wealthy just bully 
ordinary folks like me? I’m recording this and exposing all of you!” 
With that, she pretended to reach for her phone. 
At this moment, Bella had already taken the invitation from Steven’s 
hand. She opened it and glanced at it with a slight sneer. 
“Mr. Lovett is not wrong at all. Your invitation is indeed fake,” Bella 
said, waving the invitation in her hand. “Every invitation bears the 
emblem of KS Group, and each one is personally stamped by me. 
Yours clearly lacks that, so it’s a fake. At the very least, it didn’t come 
from me.”
Mandy broke into a cold sweat. She was dumbfounded. 
She knew she wasn’t qualified to attend the Thompson family, gathering with her status. 
However, she received the invitation and naturally assumed that 
James had it arranged for her. 
Thus, she dressed up and came over, hoping to surprise him. Never 
did she expect to embarrass herself so much.
###chapter646
“What’s the deal with this invitation?!” 
“It seems that the person forging the invitation is indeed a cause for 
concern. Steve, take her to the police station, as you suggested,” Bella 
ordered nonchalantly. 
“Yes, Ms. Bella.” 
Steven’s expression darkened as he instructed the bodyguards, “Take 
her away!” 
“Why?! I haven’t committed any crime! Why are you arresting me?” Mandy was furious, and her face 
turned purple from frustration. 
She quickly turned her wrath toward Amelia. “If you’re going to arrest 
me, this woman must go with me! With her status, why is she allowed 
at the Thompson family’s banquet?” 
Amelia furrowed her brows and was about to speak when Bella asked 
with a calm smile, “What an interesting thing to say. Why can’t Amelia 
be here?” 
“She’s my classmate! I know her background and character better
than anyone else.” 
Even in her dire straits, Mandy was planning to drag someone down. 
with her. She criticized Amelia, saying, “How could she have an 
invitation to this place? Impossible! Ms. Thompson, I think your secretary here helped her get in! If I 
have to leave, so does Amelia!” 
“Amelia, is this woman really your classmate?” 
Chupp 16 
Bella walked to Amelia’s side. She sighed lightly and affectionately 
embraced her sister’s shoulder. 
Mandy was confused. ‘What’s going on? Why is Ms. Thompson so 
close to Amelia?!’ 
“Yes.” 
At this point, Amelia knew she could not hide her identity any longer and apologized with a guilty look. 
“I’m sorry for causing you so much trouble. It’s all my fault…” 
“Silly girl, I don’t mind the trouble. You’re too trouble-free. As your 
sister, I feel bored if you don’t get into any trouble.” Bella gently pinched Amelia’s cheek. 
Mandy’s scalp tingled, feeling like a statue. She was unwilling to give up and asked frantically, 
“Amelia… Is Ms. Thompson really your
sister?!” 
Bella embraced her sister tighter and smiled coldly. “Or else? Why do 
you think Amelia’s last name is also Thompson?” 
Silence filled the air. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
Play 
apter 64 
in the other side, James and his wife, Coral, were chatting amiably 
ith Asher inside the banquet hall. 
ames was the president of the Iverson Group. He took over several 
ignificant industries and subsidiaries of the group. 
eing the eldest son, James was the one his father placed the 
reatest hope on. 
nless something unexpected happened, James would eventually
ake control of the entire Iverson Group 
s for Asher, being the eldest son of Wyatt Thompson, he was also 
estined to be the future heir to the KS Group. 
espite his distaste for polygamous families like the Thompsons, 
ames was still willing to maintain a superficial relationship with 
sher. 
Mr. Thompson, I heard that KS Group is interested in expanding into 
avrow. Your group’s recent developments are quite impressive. 
ou’re advancing with great momentum.” James carried the standard 
mile of a successful person. “In the future, you and I will surely have 
nore chances to collaborate. Our two families have been friends for 
enerations, and our fathers are like brothers. I hope that we can. ontinue this friendship.” 
sher smiled lightly and clinked glasses with him. 
In the future, Mr. Thompson, if KS Group has any good projects in Savrow, please remember to 
consider the Iverson Group. If our two
###chapter647
On the other side, James and his wife, Coral, were chatting amiably. 
with Asher inside the banquet hall. 
James was the president of the Iverson Group. He took over several 
significant industries and subsidiaries of the group. 
Being the eldest son, James was the one his father placed the 
greatest hope on. 
Unless something unexpected happened, James would eventually 
take control of the entire Iverson Group. 
As for Asher, being the eldest son of Wyatt Thompson, he was also 
destined to be the future heir to the KS Group. 
Despite his distaste for polygamous families like the Thompsons, James was still willing to maintain a 
superficial relationship with. 
Asher. 
I 
“Mr. Thompson, I heard that KS Group is interested in expanding into Savrow. Your group’s recent 
developments are quite impressive. You’re advancing with great momentum.” James carried the
standard smile of a successful person. “In the future, you and I will surely have more chances to 
collaborate. Our two families have been friends for 
generations, and our fathers are like brothers. I hope that we can continue this friendship.” 
Asher smiled lightly and clinked glasses with him. 
“In the future, Mr. Thompson, if KS Group has any good projects in Savrow, please remember to 
consider the Iverson Group. If our two 
Chopper 647 
families can unite, no one in Savrow, or even the whole country, can 
compete with us.” James sipped his wine, not hiding his ambition. 
“Mr. Iverson, you’re quite right. It’s just a pity that I’m standing at this 
post for the last time. From now on, I’ll have to step back,” Asher said calmly, elegantly sipping his 
wine. 
James and Coral exchanged puzzled looks. “Mr. Thompson, what do 
you mean by this?” 
“As you all know, being a CEO was never my aspiration. I took on this responsibility to support my 
father. I also wanted to free my younger brothers and sisters from the burdens of taking on the family. 
business. I wanted them to fulfill their dreams and self-worth without 
being weighed down by family matters.”
Asher reminisced about Bella, his lips gently curling into a smile. 
“Now that my little sister is back, she’s very interested in doing. 
business and eager to try her hand at managing the group. She’s also 
exceptionally talented. So, after this transitional period, I will step 
back as CEO and pass the position to my dearest sister.” 
James was taken aback. “Mr. Thompson, are you suggesting that if 
Ms. Thompson has the intention, she will become the CEO of the KS 
Group?” 
“Yes.” Asher nodded, speaking frankly. This was not a secret. In the future, Bella will undoubtedly be 
the heir to the KS Group. No one 
within the entire Thompson family was more suited to this role. 
“But Ms. Thompson is a girl. She’s only in her early twenties this year, right? At this age, she should be 
enjoying her youth. She’ll be married in a couple of years. Then she will be focusing on supporting her 
Chapy G 
husband and children. That should be the normal life trajectory for a wealthy young lady, right?” Coral 
expressed her opinion gently. 
“Moreover, Chairman Thompson has several sons at his side, each outstanding. Any one of them can 
handle important responsibilities. It’s not necessary for Ms. Thompson to manage the business. It
seems quite arduous for a girl.” 
“Mrs. Iverson, I understand where you’re coming from, but Bella is not an ordinary girl. Bella won’t be 
able to realize her value as a 
housewife. If we force her to do so, she might be scared off and might even run away. If that’s the case, 
I might not be able to see her before I die of old age.” 
Asher half-jokingly said, “So, even if it’s just to keep my little sister by my side for a long time, I am 
willing to step back and give her the 
position. I have pampered her since she was a baby. I will give her 
whatever she wants.” 
‘How unbelievable !’ Coral was greatly shocked. The Iverson famil 
had a total of four children, three of whom were born to the same 
mother, but they fought constantly. 
Despite Wyatt Thompson having three wives and multiple children, they did not fight each other for 
benefits. 
Moreover, Asher even willingly handed over everything he had carefully built. 
While James praised Asher incessantly, he was secretly sneering in his heart. ‘Asher was truly lacking 
in ambition, blindly spoiling his 
younger sister. Instead of securing his own promising future, he allowed this little girl to run amok. 
Sooner or later, he would regret it.’
Chap 647 
“Mr. Iverson!” At this moment, James’ secretary hurriedly walked 
Over 
Upon seeing Carol, he hesitated to speak. 
“Apologies for the interruption,” James apologized with a smile. 
Asher nodded. “Please go ahead.” 
As soon as James left, Coral’s face darkened. 
“What did you say?” James’ eyebrows knitted after listening, and his 
expression turned tense. 
“Ms. Mandy has arrived, but she couldn’t get in. The Thompson family’s bodyguards stopped her 
outside, and now she’s causing a ruckus, demanding to see you. Quite a few people have witnessed 
it!” The secretary wiped off some sweat as he reported the situation in a 
hushed voice. 
“She thinks she can attend such an occasion? Tell her to get lost
###chapter648
“Mr. Iverson, there was a commotion outside just now. I heard that 
Ms. Mandy insulted Ms. Amelia and even disturbed Ms. Bella.” 
The secretary nervously gulped. “Considering Ms. Bella’s demeanor, if you don’t intervene, it’s going to 
be difficult to resolve this peacefully. 
She’s quite troublesome.” 
James wore a stern expression. He tugged at his bowtie and said, “I 
understand.” 
Originally, Bella wanted to deal with Mandy on the spot. 
However, Amelia was afraid of escalating the situation and having too many people witness it. She was 
afraid it might reach their parents’ ears. So, she earnestly pleaded with her sister todle it 
privately. 
In the currently vacant banquet hall, Mandy stood there anx 
There were two tall and imposing bodyguards standing behin 
They looked so intimidating that Mandy was no longer so arrog 
Bella sat casually on the sofa with Amelia next to her, her beautiful legs crossed nonchalantly. 
Steve was holding a plate of fruit nearby, serving them.
Bella fed a piece of fruit into her sister’s mouth, and her eyes filled 
with concern. 
Chap 610 
She asked, “Last time, I heard from Steve that this woman insulted 
you, quite rudely too.” 
Hearing this, Mandy involuntarily shivered. She felt as if she was plunged into an ice cellar. 
Bella gave her an incredibly terrifying sense of pressure. She had a 
presence that was so strong that it was frightening. 
“Bella, it’s a personal grievance between her and me. Please let me 
handle it.” Amelia took a deep breath, her heart pounding. 
She didn’t want Bella to get involved in this mess. Even a glance at 
this woman was an insult to her sister. 
“My dear little sister, I know you don’t want me to worry.” Bella lovingly touched Amelia’s silky hair. With 
the gentlest tone, she 
uttered the coldest words. “I know you don’t want to trouble me. I’m 
truly comforted that you were considerate, but I must sort this m out for you. Don’t feel guilty. Consider 
it a lesson from your sist the future, when you encounter ignorant people, you’ll know how 
handle it.”
Mandy was shocked, trembling even more. 
mer 
Now, she had no other option but to wait for James to come and 
rescue her. 
At that moment, the door to the banquet hall opened. 
James walked in with a cold and stern expression, with the secretary 
trailing behind him. 
As soon as Steven saw James, he remembered the humiliation he 
Chanter 
suffered that night. His gaze could not help but darken a bit. 
“Mr. Iverson… Mr. Iverson!” Mandy cried out with teary eyes, her delicate eye makeup smudged. 
“Mr. Iverson! You must help me! I’ve been wronged. I’ve been framed!” 
James’s expression stiffened even more at this moment. His lips. 
pursed. 
His private life was notoriously improper. Mandy had appeared in one of the high-end clubs under the 
Iverson Group two months ago, and that was when they got acquainted.
In his eyes, this woman was like nutritionless junk food. Once he was 
full, they would no longer have any connection. Unexpectedly, she had 
followed him here, not only embarrassing herself, but also dragging 
him into the mess! 
James’s cold gaze made Mandy’s legs go weak, and she nervous 
took a step back. 
“Ms. Bella, what brings about such a grand occasion?” James calmly 
asked with a sly smile. 
“Mr. Iverson, your girlfriend, Ms. Mandy, came here and disrupted the 
Thompson family’s event. She injured my secretary and insulted my 
sister.” 
Bella remained composed, but her smile did not reach her eyes. “After 
giving it some thought, I realized that to settle the matter, we not only 
need to settle accounts with Ms. Mandy but also with you, Mr. Iverson. After all, I can tolerate anything, 
but I cannot tolerate anyone harming my family. I’m like a mother bear, overly protective of my 
Chap 648 
family.”
The hypocritical smile on James’ face froze as he clenched his jaw. 
He never expected Bella to completely disregard the friendship 
between their families. 
For this problematic woman, Bella was willing to challenge James’ 
dignity. 
“Bella…” Amelia’s eyes flickered as she tugged at her sister’s dress, expressing her concern. 
“Ms. Bella, I find your words a bit difficult to comprehend.”
###chapter649
James’ smile gradually turned cold. I’ve only met her once by 
chance. What reason do I have to defend her? Ms. Bella, what reason. 
do you have to settle scores with me?” 
“Mr. Iverson…” Mandy looked at this heartless man with a deathly pale face. 
“Oh? Is that so?” 
Bella’s beautiful eyes curved as she smiled mischievously, 
resembling a beautiful little fox. 
“In that case, I’ll take Ms. Mandy for a stroll in the banquet hall. Let’s introduce this bold and talented 
Ms. Mandy to everyone, especially 
Ms. Carol.” 
Mandy was on the verge of tears from fright! 
At these words, James’ face instantly turned pale. His gaze, now hostile, was fixed on Bella. “Ms. Bella, 
what exactly do you wa 
do?” 
“I don’t want to do anything.”
Bella leaned on the armrest of the sofa, propping up her chin with her hand, her eyes cold and piercing. 
“As the saying goes, when you beat a dog, you need to consider its owner. I just hope that whoever 
owns. this bitch will clean up after it. After all, someone of my status shouldn’t be dealing with someone 
like her, don’t you think?” 
James finally understood. 
Chap 649 
Bella was not only seeking revenge against Mandy but also challenging him! 
They had no disputes, nor have they crossed paths in over a decade. 
Why now…? 
Suddenly, James’ gaze casually landed on Steven. ‘Ah, so that’s it. 
Bella probably already knew about what happened that night. Truly, a dog that can bite doesn’t waste 
time barking!’ 
“Mr. Iverson, please, I beg you! Please help me! Save me!” Mandy stumbled toward James, only to be 
stopped by his secretary. 
“Apologize to Ms. Bella and Ms. Amelia.” James coldly instructed, 
glaring at Mandy. 
“I’m sorry… I was blind and ignorant! I’m sorry!” Mandy bowed 
apologetically to them with red eyes 
Amelia looked at Bella with sparkling eyes. Her admiration for her sister flowed endlessly.
This man was the president of the Iverson Group, a prominent figure in Savrow’s business scene. Only 
Justin Salvador could compare to 
him. 
However, in Bella’s eyes, it did not matter if he was an Iverson or a 
Salvador. She could crush them without effort. 
She was utterly straightforward! 
“Is saying sorry enough?” Bella’s glamorous charm turned frosty in an 
instant. 
Chap 649 
James rubbed his cheekbone and said, “Zane.” 
“Yes, Mr. Iverson.” Zane understood what his boss meant 
immediately. He raised his arm without a word and delivered a 
resounding slap to Mandy’s face. 
Slap, slap, slap, slap-! 
“Ah!” 
Four consecutive slaps knocked the woman down, her mouth filled 
with blood.
Amelia’s heart shuddered, and she quickly turned away. 
“Don’t be scared. I’m right here. It’s just a small scene.” Bella 
embraced her sister while gently caressing her neck. She glanced at Steven with a hint of complaint. 
“Steve, why don’t you come over and 
comfort Amelia?” 
Hearing this, Amelia’s little face suddenly turned red, blushing. 
“Ms. Bella, I…” Steven’s expression became embarrassed, and his heart pounded. 
“Alright, alright, that’s enough. Go outside and comfort her.” Saying 
this, Bella stood up, holding Amelia’s arm, and walked directly toward 
the door. 
As Bella was about to leave, she made a playful remark. “This 
banquet hall is quite secluded. No one comes over here usually, so I’ll leave it to you to clean up the 
mess, Mr. Iverson. But be quick. The banquet is about to start.”
###chapter650
With a loud bang, the main door slammed shut. After about 15 
minutes, James and his secretary walked out. 
James had a fierce look in his eyes, and there were bloodstains on the steel strap of his Patek Philippe. 
Meanwhile, the intermittent cries of pain and pleas from a woman still emanated from the room. 
“Stay back to clean up.” 
“Yes, Mr. Iverson!” 
‘Bella Thompson… This girl is indeed interesting.’ James had a sinister look on his face as he clenched 
his fingers. ‘It’s been a long time since I encountered someone who dares challenge me face-to- face, 
let alone a woman. Well, since she wants to play, I’ll play with 
her. Let’s have some fun!’ 
With this outburst, Bella vented Amelia’s grievances and did so with immense satisfaction. However, 
Amelia could not shake off the 
sense of discomfort lingering within her. 
Perceptive as always, Bella left first, leaving Steven alone with Amelia. The two headed to an open-air 
balcony to catch some fresh air, trying to calm their turbulent thoughts. 
Seeing that Amelia was shivering, Steven quickly took off his suit and draped it over her shoulders. 
“Ms. Amelia, it’s windy here. Put this on.” 
“Did you tell my sister about what happened with Mandy that night?”
Chap 1650 
Amelia turned slowly, her gaze complex as she stared into his eyes. 
Steven hesitated for a moment before answering softly, “Yes. I told 
Ms. Bella.” 
“Why did you do that? My affairs with Mandy are my business. Why 
did you involve my sister?” 
Amelia’s eyes were full of anxiety, and her beautiful eyebrows were 
tightly knitted. “My sister is already busy and tired enough. How can 
you let her worry about such trivial matters? Moreover, it almost 
caused friction with Mr. Iverson. Do you think Mr. Iverson will let this 
go so easily? Have you considered the serious consequences for my 
sister?!” 
“Ms. Amelia…” 
“Steve, you are my sister’s secretary You also care for her. Why didn’t you consider her feelings at this 
moment?” 
Amelia’s tone grew heavier, sounding urgent. “What if Mr. Iverson 
takes offense and causes trouble for my sister in business? Have you
thought about how serious the consequences of this could be?!” 
Faced with her questioning, Steven felt a deep sense of pain in his 
heart. 
He was momentarily flustered, and his hands abruptly gripped 
Amelia’s shoulders. 
His eyes were burning red. “Ms. Amelia, but I was so angry! I wanted to help you vent your anger. I was 
afraid that the wretched woman 
would bully you at school again! Just thinking about her insults 
toward you that night, I couldn’t take it any longer. I just wanted to 
Chap 450 
rush to your side to protect you.” 
“Steve…” Amelia was momentarily stunned, gazing deeply into his 
fervent eyes. 
The scorching heat from his damp palms flowed down her shoulders 
and into her body. It made her heart pound intensely. 
“I know that I used Ms. Bella this time, and I will apologize to her. But, Ms. Amelia, I can’t control it 
anymore.”
Steven’s eyes met her gaze. His breathing became rapid, and his cheeks flushed with heat. “I hate 
myself for not being capable enough. I hate that I’m so useless. But as long as I can protect you, I’m 
willing to do anything.” 
Amelia’s cheeks turned rosy as tears welled up in her eyes. She 
suddenly leaned forward and gently rested her forehead against his 
broad shoulder. 
There was a passage she once read. 
[What is love? 
[It’s the courage of the weak and the generosity of the poor; 
[The persistence of those who weigh the pros and cons, the gamble of the prudent; 
[The efforts of the people incapable of expressing themselves; 
[And the determination and unwavering commitment to do what one knows is impossible, without a 
single trace of regret.]
###chapter651
Humming a tune, Bella made her way to the event hall on her own. 
She knew that Mandy was done for. 
Woohoo! That was a reason to celebrate. 
Knowing James-as a matter of fact, knowing men-they were egoistic and shallow. James would 
probably make Mandy pay for embarrassing him. 
Well, that was what Mandy got for bullying Bella’s sister. In fact, 
Mandy got off easy, as she only took a beating. 
“Bella.” 
A deep, husky voice filled with affection came from behind Bella. 
As her heart skipped a beat, Bella clutched her fingers. 
No other voice in the world could make her heart race. 
That man was the exception. 
It was the man she once loved so much and suffered so much for. 
Bella drew a deep breath to pull herself together before turning to him with a stoic face. 
Justin stood a few feet away by himself with a beautifully wrapped box in hand. He took strides toward 
her with grace.
“I’m here.” His voice and gaze spoke of tenderness. 
Chap 65 
Bella kept a blank face. “Oh.” 
The man pursed his lips and looked at her apologetically. “I’m sorry, I 
wanted to arrive earlier to see if there was anything I could help you. 
with, but I guess I came too late.” 
The callous man behaved humbly, like a footman before the heiress. 
“It’s my family’s celebration. Why should I expect help from someone 
who isn’t part of the family?” 
Bella scoffed and looked around. “Where’s Grandpa Nigel? Didn’t he 
come with you?” 
“He’s here and chatting away with Chairman Thompson in the 
reception,” Justin answered softly. 
“Oh, I see. I’ll go see him then. Have fun at the party.” 
Without hesitation, Bella turned to leave. 
“Bella!” Anxious, Justin grabbed her arm and held it tightly in 
grasp.
“Keep your hands to yourself. I don’t want others to get the wron 
idea. Let go of me.” Bella put up a fight, her ears flushing red. 
“There’s no one else here. It’s just the two of us.” 
Justin took a long breath and narrowed his eyes as he pulled the woman closer to him. “I’m an 
opportunist. I won’t turn my back on any opportunity, and if there’s none, I will make one.” 
Amid the tussle, Bella cried upon losing her footing due to her thin stilettos. 
Sshe crashed into the man’s wide chest. 
Asduustin had one arm holding the present, he caught her fall with hist 
other free hand. 
“Ugh Bella’s well-endowed chest fell along the curves of his toned 
aran. 
His terveth bitched as he fell into shock. 
Justin Goodld feel the warm sensation along his muscles. 
His mind want blank, his breathing turned ragged, and his eyes were bloodshoor 
“Bella, you have a great… Body.” He shifted his head to the side, his 
lips drawing close to her blushing ear. 
“You! You!”
Reflecting fury in here evas, Bella put her hands on his chand 
pushed him away before e ensuing with a slap. “You perv 
for it!” 
The attack meant nothing to dustin. 
Instead of feeling angry, Justin felt a burning desire in his le 
throat going dry, and his head pipinning! It was as if he was 
intoxicated 
asked 
“Even if you hit me, I want to be honest You look amazing.” Justin 
eyes demonstrated appreciation 
Justin was a real creep, and he behaved diso righteously. 
Chappali Kha 
“Shut up! Knock it off!” 
Flushed in the face, Bella snapped an angry look at Justin. “Stay 
away, or I’ll make sure you never get it up again.” 
“It’s okay. I’m not interested in that since I have nothing to pass down
to my heir.” 
Justin stared blankly at her and took a step closer to her against her 
will, their breaths mingling. “I’m only interested in you, Bella. I’d rather 
die than stay away from you.” 
“Die then! Good luck with that.” 
Bella, red-faced, resentfully turned around and stamped her foot. 
She knew that it was only an accident, and the man was not to be 
blamed. 
However, he was a creep to pass judgment about her figure. 
It was no wonder he was buddies with Ryan. Birds of a feather 
flocked together. 
Ryan held Carrie in his arms and sneezed, wondering if someone had 
badmouthed him behind his back. 
Justin looked at the woman’s slender back while imagining her pouty 
look. 
His lips curled into a doting smile.
Bella?” 
clear and trembling voice came from behind, bearing longingness. 
ella froze for a moment before turning a reroond. 
ler eyes welled up as she brushed past Jars and sprinted toward 
he person who had called out to her. 
Damila!” 
Bella!” 
he person’s voice was as enthusiastic as ever and choloket with sobs. 
hocked. Justin looked back. 
totoo aftan away, Bella embraced an elegant, sweet-loolong wwaamin 
dara-blue office wear. 
felong.clsleek eyebrows framed her delicate face. Her make pittelgetepperfect, mirrored the pride in her 
determined gaze 
abore alan uncanny resemblance to Mila Larson. 
stini heara & Bella calling her name. Camila must be Bella’s omariedados Sentania. 
lla held Camifidlawwith joy. Her tears, reflecting her longing for h ter, rolled dowwhter checks and fell on 
Camilla’s shoulder. 
hen did you come back, Camilla? Why didn’t you tell me? I could’ve ked you up at the a apport
ust arrived over an houraggo thought I wouldn’t make it to the rty, so I didn’t let you knowwishead of 
time.”
###chapter652
Camilla tearfully stroked Bella’s back. “I wanted to give you all a 
surprise.” 
“A big surprise indeed!” Bella choked up, overwhelmed with feelings. 
“I nearly couldn’t recognize you when I saw your back, Bella.” 
Camilla checked Bella out with glee and heartache. “You’ve lost a lot 
of weight. You had such cute chubby cheeks back then, and now they 
are sunken. Who tortured you and let you starve?” 
Justin felt uncomfortable because of the comment. 
It struck him that Bella had dimpled cheeks when she married him. 
Somehow, the woman who smothered him with attention and catered to his every need started to lose 
the sparkle in her eyes. Her round 
face also grew haggard. 
Bella had suffered a lot by his side. His three years of neglect had 
taken a toll on her. 
He deserved to die.
“Axel used to call me chubby, but now that I have slimmed down, he 
has nothing to say anymore. Haha!” 
Not taking the remark seriously, Bella leaned against Camilla’s shoulder and whimpered softly, 
“Besides, what’s wrong with losing a few pounds? Aren’t I beautiful? Am I not the most beautiful 
woman in the world anymore?” 
“You’re always the prettiest.” Although Camilla was only three years older than Bella, she had always 
fussed over her little sister. 
“Camilla.”
###chapter653
Chapter 653
Justin unabashedly came up and acted friendly with Camilla.
Dumbstruck at first, Camilla sized up the handsome man.
“You’re Mr. Justin Salvador, president of Salvador Corporation.”
“Don’t be a stranger, Camilla. Just call me Justin.” Justin extended his right hand courteously, his foxy eyes glistening.
He looked like an honest and reliable person.
Justin did not seem to resemble the decisive and manipulative man in the rumors.
Bound by etiquette, Camilla reached out to shake his hand, but Bella held her arm back and shot an angry look at the man. “Don’t try to be friendly with my sister. You can forget about leaving a good impression, Justin. I can see through your intentions.”
Justin let out a wry smile and recoiled his arm, embarrassed.
“Bella, what’s going on between you and Mr. Salvador?” Camilla was confused by Bella’s offhanded attitude toward the man.
She had no idea that Bella had been married to the man for three years.
Put on the spot, Bella pressed her lips together. “Camilla, he and I—”
“I’m Bella’s man.”
Bella and Camilla were shocked.
“It’s one-sided, but I want to make it known that I am Ms. Bella Thompson’s admirer.”
Justin stared intently at her with lingering affection. “I may not be the only man for her, but she’s the only one for me.”
Fuck! He was putting himself out there.
Camilla gasped sharply.
Bella clenched her teeth, her face blushing. His words threw her off.
The man was unscrupulous.
He had no shame.
The nerve of him!
Tsk!
“So, can I take it that you’re pursuing Bella, Mr. Salvador?” Camilla probed.
The man’s eyes burned with determination. “Yes, I am pursuing her.”
He was wooing her aggressively.
“Ignore him, Camilla. He’s whacked. Come on. Let’s go to Dad and Aunt Mila.”
Bella dragged Camilla along.
Justin stood there and gazed at Bella’s receding figure with an idiotic smile.
He was hopelessly in love with her.
“Are you back on your own, Camilla? Why aren’t you with your husband?” Bella took Camilla’s hand and asked with concern.
“He’s too busy with work and the next few days are critical. The election results are going to be out soon,” Camilla said firmly, her eyes gleaming.
“Camilla, I’m sure all will turn out well. He cares about his people, and you have been actively involved in charity. That puts the poll in his favor. He will be the next President of Solstada.”
“I hope so, Bella.”
Camilla looked back and murmured, “What is going on between you and Mr. Salvador, Bella?”
“Hmmph! We are sworn enemies.”
Bella narrowed her eyes and gritted her teeth. “Just ignore him. He annoys me to no end with his nonsense. He’s unhinged.”
“No way, Bella. As far as I’m concerned, Mr. Salvador is a noble person and the heir of Salvador Corporation.”
Camilla wanted to scream, harking back to when the man had broken her heart.
“An eligible bachelor? More like a sleazeball.”
###chapter654
Camilla’s sudden return gave every member of the Thompson family 
a nice surprise. 
Mila, Camilla’s birth mother, was the least emotional and most 
reserved of the three wives. No one had really seen Mila shed a tear in decades. While thrilled to see 
her daughter, Mila merely teared up a 
little. 
Celeste and Sasha let their emotions run free as they hugged Camilla and cried. Others could mistake 
them for Camilla’s birth mothers 
instead. 
“Enough. Haven’t you hugged enough?” 
Wyatt stood next to them, looking rather sulky. “It’s my turn!” 
Everybody was speechless. 
Celeste and Sasha reluctantly released Camilla. 
Seizing his chance, Wyatt gave Camilla a big bear hug and w 
loud, “My dear Camilla, I’ve missed you so much! I thought you 
heartless brat who forgot about your father now that you have a
husband! Why didn’t you ever visit us? I raised you for nothing. I c 
believe you picked your husband over your old man!” 
The group was lost for words. 
Bella froze as Wyatt unabashedly clung to Camilla. 
It was a good thing only the immediate family was in the reception. 
Chap 662 
hall. 
At least, Wyatt did not embarrass himself in public. 
“I will never forget you, Dad. Aren’t I home now?” 
Camilla patted Wyatt’s back and consoled him softly. “I’ve been busy. Edward is down to a time crunch, 
and I have been swamped with campaigning for him. I only sent him a text when I hopped on a plane to 
come back. I always have you in my prayers, Dad. Don’t be mad. I brought you a little something from 
Sentania, and you’ll love it.” 
Everybody only wanted the best for Camilla. 
Back then, Camilla married Edward Yale, a Sentanian senator who was ten years older than her, 
against her father’s wishes. She married off to a foreign land for love, spending less time with her 
family. 
To everybody’s surprise, Camilla made something of herself in another country by being the inspiring 
and charming woman she wa She was second to the queen of Sentania in public popularity.
Even Bella found Camilla’s social status beyond reach. She was 
proud to have such an amazing sister. 
“Where’s the gift?” Wyatt finally ceased the tears and asked curiously. 
He looked like a kid who stopped crying after being given a lollipop. 
“I gave the gift to Quentin when I ran into him just now. I bought Aunt 
Celeste some jewelry too.” 
While talking, Camila looked tenderly at Celeste. “Happy birthday, 
Aunt Celeste.” 
“The best gift you can ever give me is you being home. I’m serious, Camilla.” Celeste teared up. She 
tended to cry a lot because she was 
sentimental. 
“Where’s your husband? Did he prepare anything at all?” Wyatt raised a brow. He always had a 
problem with his only son-in-law. 
“Give it a rest, Wyatt.” 
Cupping her cheek, Bella looked at her insatiable father in disdain. You have enough junk. You won’t 
auction the stuff off or donate it to the museum. It’s not like you can bring your collection to the grave. 
What’s the point of asking for more?” 
“Hmph! You’re too young to understand!” Wyatt argued.
Bella clicked her tongue. “You’re just greedy. Back in the olden days, you would be considered a 
corrupt official.” 
“What do you know, brat?” 
Bella raised her chin. “Well, I know I would arrest you and claim y 
rust bucket as my own.” 
The family burst into laughter. 
“Huh? Didn’t Axel say he would be joining us after? Why isn’t he here 
at this hour?” Bella asked. 
Camilla looked at the time. “I’ll give him a call.”
###chapter655
Roza waited at the traffic junction several hundred meters away from KS World in her rose-pink Ferrari. 
She was on a call connected to her 
Bluetooth earpiece. 
“Send me the design print for the showcase during Paris Fashion. Week. If the representative there 
gives me another issue, I will end our partnership permanently. I will not make things easy for them 
either if they intend to hold a fashion show in Savrow.” 
As the red light turned green, Roza frustratedly floored the gas pedal. 
The Ferrari darted like a pink flash of lightning. 
Just then, a discreet Mercedes-Benz E-Class sped from the opposite 
direction and turned at the intersection while Roza was making a 
right turn. 
“Oh, shit!” 
Roza was too focused on the call to notice the black sedan. As the 
two cars were about to collide, Roza slammed on the brakes. Her 
tires screeched across the tarmac. 
The driver of the Mercedes-Benz recognized the potential danger and 
hit the brakes, screeching his tires as well.
Bang! 
“Ugh!” 
Roza jolted violently, and the airbag deployed right in her face. 
Chappe 
While her windshield cracked, the glass did not rupture. Otherwise, she might have cuts on her face. 
“This is not my lucky day, for sure.” 
Roza opened the car door and got out of the car angrily, clutching the nape of her neck. 
The front hood of her limited-edition pink Ferrari was destroyed. 
“OMG! Pinkie! Damn it!” Roza’s meticulous princess hairdo was ruined too, but that was the least of her 
problems. She was heartbroken by the state of her Ferrari. 
The Mercedes-Benz involved in the accident was wrecked too. The front hood was bent, and the 
engine belched out smoke. 
“Cough, cough, cough…” 
Axel stepped out of the car and coughed because of the smoke. 
“Hey! Do you even know how to drive? Why did you ram into my 
Huh?” 
Roza was about to blow up because she was late for Celeste’s birthday celebration, and her ride was 
totaled.
Axel’s good looks and slender cut in his black suit enchanted Roza. Starstruck, she drooled at him. 
The man had thick brows, a high nose bridge, wide shoulders, a defining waistline, and a perky bottom. 
He was a total knockout. 
Roza ogled at the approaching man, her heart racing. 
Hang on. 
He looked awfully familiar. She must have seen him somewhere 
before. 
“I know how to drive, lady.” 
Axel moved around his sore neck, his brows locking in a frown. “Even so, I can’t protect myself against 
someone who tries to run me over. What were you doing anyway? You shouldn’t speed at an 
intersection.” 
“What do you mean by running you over? You were the one coming at 
me!” 
Roza widened her eyes in fury and stomped her stilettos. “Plus, why are you driving a black sedan in 
the middle of the night? You came out of nowhere and scared the shit out of me.” 
Axel furrowed his brows tighter as his eyes glinted with n Show me what law states that we can’t drive 
a black car a 
“Ha!
###chapter656
“But the law does dictate that you can’t be on the phone or wear heels while driving,” Axel stated.
Roza curled her toes under her heels, feeling that she was in the wrong.
“But you crossed the line when you turned, so you are the one at fault!”
“We can leave it to the traffic police to decide that, but I have no time to wait. You can go ahead and report the case if you're pressed for time.”
While talking, Axel pulled out his wallet and took out a business card to give to her. “The card has my number and the address of my workplace. Let me know once you file a case with the police. We can discuss what to do next.”
“What’s with your attitude? Are you trying to leave after causing a crash? I’m rushing somewhere too, you know.”
Displeased with the man’s aggressive and irresponsible behavior, Roza threw the business card back at him. “Take your business card and shove it where the sun doesn’t shine. For all I know, you could be a scammer. I don’t see through your fancy clothes.”
“A scammer? Ha!”
Axel smirked, regarding the woman with a strange hairdo. “A scammer, huh? If I’m a scammer, I doubt there are any good people in the world. I’m leaving.”
Roza’s eyes turned bloodshot as she grabbed ahold of the man’s arm. “I don’t care! You crashed into Pinkie, and I just bought her this month. You need to answer for it!”
“Oh, so that’s what you’re after. You could’ve said so earlier.”
Eager to get to the party, Axel was not in the mood to dwell on the matter. From his wallet, he pulled out a debit card and slipped it between his fingers, offering it to her. “Take it for your car repair. It doesn’t have a passcode.”
Roza stared at the debit card as rage boiled over. She had never felt more insulted.
“Pinkie is a one-of-a-kind Ferrari, and you totaled it. How do you expect me to get it repaired? What the hell are you thinking?”
“Oh, you can use the money to get another one. The money in the card should be enough.”
Axel was a punctual man. Nothing and no one could delay his itinerary, especially when the event was a get-together with his friends. Hence, he narrowed his eyes dangerously and pried open Roza’s fingers before withdrawing his arm from her grasp.
Axel was about to turn around when he felt suffocated.
Roza grabbed his dark blue tie, curled it around her fingers, and yanked it with gritted teeth.
The distance between them abruptly cut short, and their nose tips met.
Axel’s breathing turned ragged. Roza’s breath brushed against his face and mingled with his.
This fine gentleman had been single for thirty years and had never been physically close to a woman who was not family before.
Her chest underneath the red dress pressed against his suit.
He locked his gaze with her, fearing he might lose control of himself for the first time if he were to look down another inch.
“What are you doing?” Axel’s voice was hoarse.
Roza smirked and pulled out the debit card out of nowhere. She held it between her fingers and smacked it on the man’s rosy cheek.
“I have money. In fact, I have enough to be your sugar mommy until your retirement, boy.”
Axel’s heart skipped a beat as his mind went blank.
“Don’t act like you’re all that because you have money. I come from a wealthy family and a globally renowned business. I have more wealth than you can imagine. Yet, I don’t boast about it!”
Axel was baffled.
Somehow, what she said sounded oddly familiar.
Roza threw the debit card at his leather shoes and strutted away to her car with her chin held high. She drove her wrecked and squeaky Ferrari off.
Axel watched in amazement as the pink Ferrari disappeared into the night. Suddenly, he curled his lips.
“Pink? What horrible taste!”
###chapter657
The birthday celebration was about to begin. 
Bella let out a comforted smile at the full house, and Wyatt was 
chatting away in the front row with Nigel. 
“Oh, my. Did my eyes deceive me? That’s Nigel Salvador.” 
“Yes, you’re right. Nigel’s looking hale and hearty.” 
“Nigel and Wyatt are close. It’s not every day that you get to see such a long-standing friendship. 
Others could even mistake Wyatt for Nigel’s son. Hahaha.” 
“I think Gregory’s wife is celebrating her birthday at the Salvador Hotel tonight too. Nigel is here to 
attend the birthday of Wyatt’s wife instead of attending his own family’s. Tsk, tsk. That leaves us 
something to wonder, doesn’t it?” 
The guests snickered. 
“It’s clear that Nigel doesn’t see Shannon as his daughter-in-law. She was involved in bribing and 
auctioning off a knockoff jewelry piece in the last few months. Her niece even cheated on Justin. Of 
course, Nigel has a problem with her.” 
“The way I see it, Justin and Wyatt’s daughter make a good match. I’ve seen the news about the 
auction. Justin seemed to have her back. Do you think there were any sparks between them?” 
Bella furrowed her brows upon eavesdropping on that part of the
chatter. 
Muhd doubt it.” 
Vhiry do you say so?” 
Usistin has become a laughingstock after that raracterdronible and mistic creakup with Rosalind. A 
graceful and ordefel wwoman like slala won’t want to be caught in that dumpster ime. 
dla acitated. The commenter had a point. 
ot: cacanoveve on as it notning happened if you’re unaware of an ex’s isterThe worst part is when you 
find on aboin your papanther’s ist relationships. That’s hard to stomach. Even if you tell yourself ot to 
care, et fereels like the ex will always be hanging over you read. though Juststin is an amazing man, 
Bella has other options too. She 
esn’t have toto mit herself to a man with an ex.” 
elia nodded agaiain. She could not agree more. 
ou seem happeravesdronning.” 
ella was stunnet.d 
te locked up with widerenteo eyes. 
istin had crept up nexa totheter with a smile. He looked tender 
I’m not eavesdropping. Beliai a rumed her face away and bit her i 
nbarrassment.
he was caught red-handedi. 
They are night, but they have got a thing wrung. 
ustin took a seat beside her waith gradir a undi totated on ner blushing 
face. “I have an ex-girlfriend and an ex-wife.” 
“You seem ro 
of yourself.” Folding her arms, Bella pouted. 
With Bella getting angry, Justin choked and smiled wryly. “I have nothing to be proud of when it comes 
to you, Bella.” 
Bella looked surprised. 
“All I have is regret.” 
Looking dejected, the man rasped, “I regret my past behavior toward you and not letting anybody know 
you were once my wife.” 
“If that’s the case, you have no reason to be regretful.” 
Bella turned away from his perturbed face and looked ahead, her 
voice aloof. “I am relieved that I was a wife in the shadows for three 
years. I am grateful that you never made our horrendous marriage 
public.”
Horrendous. 
The words cut through Justin like a knife. 
They had been through a lot together. Yet, he was still a humilia 
past to her. 
“It helps me move on from the failed marriage. I can just pretend tha we have never been together.” 
Bella blinked and chuckled. “Ha. We weren’t really ever together, to begin with.”
###chapter658
Chapter 658
"Bella, I-"
Before Justin could finish, a coy voice was heard in the back. "Master, sorry for showing up late!"
Bella turned back and saw her apprentice, Roza. Feeling a lift in her mood, Bella beamed.
"Roza, you're not late at all! I was concerned you might not make it because you're busy with your show in Paris."
Roza came over and embraced Bella. "I will never miss any party you invite me to. You can bet I'll always be there."
It was then that Roza took notice of Justin, whose presence was hard to ignore beside Bella.
Her face fell. "Are you going to enjoy the feast with him, master? Won't you lose your appetite?"
Bella glanced indifferently at the man. "You took the words right out of my mouth."
Though hurt, Justin said shamelessly, "You don't have to look at me if I'm affecting your appetite, Bella."
However, Justin would never move to another table.
Roza rolled her eyes. The bastard knew no shame.
"You're taking up a lot of space. Am I blind to just not see you?" Bella smirked in rage.
"You can close your eyes." Since Justin enjoyed her little pouty tantrums, he could not resist teasing her.
"How am I supposed to eat then?" Bella, despite her high IQ, fell for it.
"I'll feed you." Justin leaned closer to her, his husky voice lingering in her ear.
Feeling a tingling sensation coursing through her nerves, she tried to move her chair further away from the man in a fluster.
To her dismay, Justin read her mind and reached his arm behind her back to hold her still in place. "You!" As rosiness crept onto her cheeks, Bella stared angrily into the man's tender eyes.
"We are just sitting together for dinner, Bella. Please, don't go." Justin furrowed his brows, his eyes reflecting his yearning for her.
"Justin."
Bella extended her hand to grip the man's wrist with force in retaliation and revenge.
Her hand was not big enough to hold his wrist completely. Despite her best efforts to give him physical pain, Justin was instead hurt on the inside. "I once sat with you to enjoy food together as your wife. It was all I ever wanted to do. But now, it makes me sick to eat with you."
Crestfallen, Justin withdrew his arm around her waist in resignation, as if his soul had left him.
"I'm sorry, Bella."
"It's Aunt Celeste's birthday. Don't say anything that will dampen the mood."
While Bella was filled with a mix of emotions, she wanted to put things behind her. "Never mind. You can sit wherever."
She acted like she was doing him a favor.
Even so, Justin did not want to let the opportunity slip.
"Ugh, have I got a story for you, Master! I ran into a well-dressed moron on my way here. Tsk! Talk about bad luck." Sensing tension between the former couple, Roza changed the topic to distract Bella.
Justin took the glass and sipped on water.
Roza, a top-notch designer, was aloof in public, but she was a crude brute when talking to her master.
"Oh? Tell me what kind of moron he is." Bella blinked with interest.
"Cough, cough, cough..." Justin put his hand over his chest and coughed.
He was too quick to judge.
"I got into an accident on my way here."
Bella and Justin were shocked.
For someone who had just been in a car accident, Roza sure appeared rather indifferent about it.
###chapter659
“Jesus! Are you hurt? Why didn’t you call me? I could’ve taken you to 
the hospital.” Bella held Roza by the shoulders nervously. 
“I feel a little achy on the neck. Otherwise, I’m fine.” Bella’s concern 
gave Roza warm tingles. 
“You should still get yourself checked out. You might have internal bleeding. You might look fine now, 
but you could feel it later.” 
Justin interrupted, “I can make arrangements for you to see a doctor 
after the party. It won’t matter how late it is.” 
Roza was taken aback by the bastard’s unexpected helpfulness. 
“That won’t be necessary.” 
Bella held Roza and said sulkily, “I am a doctor. I can take care of r apprentice. Thanks, but no thanks, 
Mr. Salvador.” 
Justin curled his lips sadly. 
His kindness was met with indifference once more. 
“The idiot wrecked Pinkie! Not only did he not apologize, but he was 
mean about it too. He tried to brush me off with a debit card and
leave. He told me to use the money to buy a new one.” 
Roza grew furious just thinking about it. “Isn’t he just insulting me? 
As if I can’t afford another ride! Who is he trying to act high and 
mighty with?” 
“Uh… What happened next?” Bella could not get enough of the 
interesting story. 
“I threw the debit card back at his face and told him I had enough 
money to be his sugar mommy.” 
Listening in the corner, Justin narrowed his eyes with intrigue. 
“Hahaha!” 
Bella burst out laughing. “For some reason, I think you’re made for 
each other. You seem to be on the same wavelength. Your 
approaches are logical without considering the emotional aspect of 
situations.” 
Roza’s mind wandered back to Axel’s slender build, handsome face, 
sharp eyes, flawless skin, and youthful demeanor. 
She took a long, hard gulp.
“Hmph! I don’t want to be with him,” Roza whined. 
She thought to herself, ‘He’s an eye candy from afar and 
handful at a closer look.’ 
ably 
Roza looked around nonchalantly. 
Suddenly, she jolted to her feet in shock and pointed at the approaching man. 
“W-W-Why won’t you leave me alone? How did you find me here?!” 
Bella and Justin looked back in surprise. 
Under the interplay of light, Axel calmly drew close. He was taken 
aback to see Roza. 
“I could say the same thing about you, lady. What are you doing here?” 
Bella tugged on Roza’s sleeve and asked quietly, “Do you know each 
other, Roza?” 
“Master, he’s the moron who totaled Pinkie!” Infuriated, Roza ground 
her teeth. 
“Oh.” Bella’s jaw dropped as realization dawned on her.
She then got up and walked to Axel. Getting on her tiptoes, she 
hooked her arm around the man’s neck. 
Bella’s intimate behavior with the man startled Roza. 
Justin hid his emotions behind his eyes. 
Although he knew that Bella and Axel were siblings, he did not feel/ 
comfortable with the love of his life getting close to the opposite sex. 
“Come here, Roza. Let me introduce you two.” 
Bella smiled at Roza. “This is Axel, my second brother and the h ranking prosecutor in Savrow.”
###chapter660
Roza turned as white as a sheet as her mind went blank. 
That was unexpected. 
She was flustered as panic struck her. 
The moron she had been complaining to Bella about turned out to be 
her mentor’s brother. 
Shocker! 
Sitting there, Justin looked left and right. He pursed his lips to fight back the urge to laugh. 
Nevertheless, he could sympathize with the situation Roza was in. 
Bella had a lot of siblings, and it was only a matter of time before 
anybody would run into them. Justin had limited knowledge about 
Thompsons before, and he had paid dearly for it, courtesy of his 
woman’s brothers. 
Axel watched as Roza’s face turned from white to a glowing red. 
Truth be told, he was still bothered by the sugar mommy comment. 
However, he simply could not get angry at her when she looked so
embarrassed and adorable. 
“M-Master…” 
Roza made a crying face at Bella, who was all smiles. “I hope you don’t disown me over this.” 
Channe 
brow Roll 
placed her index finger on her chin and furrowed her 
in contemplation. 
“Master…” Roza’s lips quivered, threatening to cry. 
Bella approached her with a serious face before breaking out in a 
bright smile. 
“What the hell are you thinking, silly goose? Don’t get worked up over such a minor thing. If I disown 
you, who am I going to pass down my knowledge to?” 
Roza was relieved, but distressed. 
“Besides, I know what an amazing woman you are, Roza. I bet it’s 
Axel’s fault.” Bella snapped an angry look at Axel while consoling 
Roza. 
Axel raised his brow. Although he felt wronged, he dared not breath
a word. 
He did not expect the woman who had crashed into his car and made 
wild claims to be so close to his sister. 
Sigh. He had to take one for the team. 
With another group joining them, the area became rather lively. 
Mila, Sasha, Asher, and Amelia were joined by Ralph, whom Mila had dragged out of his work. Ryan 
and Carrie, fresh into their relationship, had finally made it there too. 
Everybody gave Bella hugs and chatted with her. The room was filled with laughter and joy. 
Chap 6D 
The tender and pleasant moment within the family attracted many 
eyes. 
The guests were in awe of the beautiful family. 
The family was a feast for the eyes. 
Amid the cheerful and pleasant vibe, Justin sat alone in his seat. His melancholy eyes followed Bella as 
she received love and attention 
from her friends and family. 
His eyes reflected yearning and envy, and soon they welled up.
Now, this should be Bella’s life. 
For the past twenty years, she has been happily loved and doted on. 
Her only encounter with pain, suffering, and misery was because of 
him. 
Justin, sitting high above Salvador Corporation and the business. 
world, sat blankly there and faded into the background. No one ev 
bothered to engage with him. 
He pressed his lips together embarrassedly and took a deep breath 
before coming to a resolution. 
Even if Bella did not end up with him in the end, he would put his life on the line to protect her and 
shield her from any harm.
###chapter661
“Carrie? What brings you here?” 
Bella pinched Carrie’s soft cheek with glee. 
Carrie pursed her lips shyly and clung to her teddy. “I missed you and 
Justin, so I came over.” 
Justin curled his lips. 
He enjoyed being associated with Bella. 
Bella did not feel comfortable that Carrie saw her and Justin as a pair. Nevertheless, it tugged on 
Bella’s heart to see Carrie holding. onto the teddy she gave her. Bella caressed Carrie’s head lovingly. 
“I missed you too, Carrie.” 
She then turned callously to Ryan and asked, “Did you bring Carrie here from Shannon’s birthday 
party?” 
“Yeah, I did,” Ryan admitted with a smile. 
“Yet, you have the audacity to be proud of yourself.” 
Filled with rage, Bella got up in his face and poked his shoulder. “You only care about being together 
with Carrie and your own happiness. Have you ever considered Carrie’s feelings? You took Carrie 
away without thinking about the consequences. What happens when Carrie goes home? Gregory and 
Shannon will come down hard on her.”
“Home? Why should Carrie go back to a home where her mother and sister don’t treat her like family?” 
Ryan raised his brow, his gaze burning. “Carrie has been living with 
me.” 
Bella’s eyes bulged in shock. “What did you say?” 
“I registered my property on the hilltop under Carrie’s name. That’s 
her home now. When she doesn’t feel happy or safe with Shannon 
and Bethany at the Salvadors’ residence, she can just live at the 
hilltop villa.” Ryan cocked his head and looked tenderly at Carrie. 
Bella pinched her nose bridge in fury. 
“When did this happen?” 
Unable to sit back and do nothing, Justin strolled to his buddy’s side 
with furious eyes. “How dare you live with my sister, Ryan? The nerve 
of you.” 
“We have done nothing but live together!” Feeling misunderstood, Ryan was eager to explain himself. 
Many women threw themselves at Ryan, getting naked and slipping 
under his covers. 
Ryan had kicked all of them out of his bed.
However, his intimacy with Carrie was only limited to hugs and 
kisses. He had never unbuttoned her clothes or violated her. 
Ryan considered himself stained. 
Carrie, on the other hand, was the definition of purity. He was reluctant to touch her, knowing he did not 
deserve her. 
Ryan was glad enough to just stay by her side. 
“Do you even believe the words that are coming out of your mouth, 
Ryan?” 
Bella ground her teeth, her eyes welling up. “If you expect me to believe that you’ll stay away from 
women, that is when pigs fly.” 
Ryan furrowed his brows, lost for words. 
It felt to him as if Carrie was Justin and Bella’s daughter, while he was her boyfriend, whom they 
disapproved of. 
“Justin, Bella!” 
Carrie walked up and stood firmly in front of Ryan, her face flushed 
with anxiety. “Don’t say that about Ryan. It was me. I wanted to be with Ryan.” 
Justin and Bella were shocked. 
Ryan teared up as his heart pounded out of his chest.
He spread his arms apart from behind and held Carrie, resting his chin on top of her head. With the girl 
clinging to her teddy, th ked like a family of three. 
“I’ll drop you off at Grandpa Nigel’s place after the party, okay, Carrie?” Bella looked into Carrie’s clear 
eyes and asked softly. 
Carrie bit her lips and hung her head low. 
Bella was taken aback and sighed. “Do you really want to be with him?”
###chapter662
“Carrie slowly looked up, her clear eyes meeting Bella’s gaze. 
She did not say one word. 
However, Bella could read the answer in Carrie’s eyes. 
“It’s not every day Carrie falls for a boy and stands her ground for him, Bella. Just give her a break. If 
being with Ryan makes her happy and comfortable, let them get along and see where it takes them.” 
Justin looked over and offered words of comfort with a hint of 
pleading in her ear. 
“I can tell that Carrie has feelings for him. I’m not trying to break them 
1. I just ” Bella met his eyes. 
“I get it. I understand.” 
Justin let out an understanding smile. His usual stoic expression 
beamed only for her. “But don’t forget that Carrie has you and m 
His response was brief but strong. 
Bella felt butterflies and looked away. 
Such was Justin. There was no bullshit with him. He kept his words 
short but effective.
Apart from Wyatt and Celeste-the star of the night-the whole family 
sat at Bella’s table. 
Justin stubbornly would not leave the seat beside Bella. Despite the 
angry and contemptuous stares, he remained unfazed and still. 
He was unashamed and unapologetic. 
“Your seat isn’t here, Mr. Salvador.” 
Ralph narrowed his eyes at Justin’s composed face and snapped at 
him as if he were interrogating a suspect. “The table here is for our family and close friends. Who are 
you to sit here?” 
It was silent at the table as all eyes were on Justin. 
Faced with scrutiny, the man merely curled his lips and looked deep into the eyes of the woman, who 
had remained indifferent to the 
situation. 
“My seat is next to wherever Bella sits.” 
Bella nearly choked. She turned her head and snapped an angry look at Justin, who did not seem to 
think that his comment was 
inappropriate. 
“Tsk!” Ralph averted his gaze and downed his drink..
“Hmph! I don’t know what the house rules are for the Salvadors, but here, we don’t let our dogs near 
the dinner table.” Sasha’s words were 
biting. 
Sasha crossed her legs and sank her back against the seat while tapping the table. She sure looked 
like a mafia boss. 
Justin tensed his jawline. 
No one would be happy to be called less than a human. 
Although he loved Bella and wanted to leave a good impression on 
her family, there was no reason for the Thompsons to trample on his 
dignity. 
“Enough. Grandpa Nigel is here tonight. At least show him some 
respect. Let’s just enjoy dinner.” Bella stood up for Justin, as her family had gone out of line. 
“Ms. Bella.” 
Steven hurried to Bella’s side and leaned into her ear to say, “Mr. Christopher Iverson is here.” 
Justin picked up on the conversation, and his face fell. 
“Oh? I thought he wouldn’t be here. Just welcome him and lead him. 
to the table for the Iversons,” Bella instructed indifferently.
“The situation is a little complicated 
Steven paused and murmured in hushed tones, “Mrs. Sophie Iverson 
is with Mr. Christopher Iverson.” 
“What? Sophie’s here as well?” Bella’s eyes widened. 
“Yes. They are outside the venue hall. What-” 
Without another word, Bella got up and went outside the hall with 
Steven. 
With the warmth of the love of his life gone, Justin felt bitter and 
clutched the glass in his hand, his veins showing.
###chapter663
he banquet ailel mall. Christopher was not overdressed dikekebis onight, the workle wore a dark gray 
tailored suit and combad nisis His gole manic rimmed glasses added a bookworm took to nisis 
eves. 
hy don’t we go hang home? in scared.” Timid, Sophie tugged omn 
er’s sleeve eve 
plied her up tonight.cich, plating her in a valuable fuchsia dress à a touch of class with esiti: a million- 
dollar hairpiece in her 
s updo. 
pre a matching pearl necklacecklace and earrings, but the pearl it, more expensive than dianan 
diamonds, was custom-made for 
amily of Sentania.anis 
he only family for Christopher topher. 
stopher wanted only the best for hin mo this mother. 
tenderly at his mother and held berhanter hand tight. “Don’t 
prn. I’m here.” 
ought you here tonight to see Bella. Weren’ wotent your just talking yesterday? I thought you missed 
ner. Well, you’ve to get to see
I want to see Bella.” 
Chiiret KEL 
Sophie’s eyes lit up, and she cried, “Bella! It’s Bella!” 
Christopher turned around as Bella approached. Tearing up, he curled 
his lips. 
“Bella.” 
“Mrs. Iverson.” 
Bella went up to hold Sophie’s hand with a bright smile. “I wasn’t 
expecting you, but it makes me so happy to see you.” 
“I’m so happy to see you, Bella.” 
Fond of Bella, Sophie gave her a big hug before grabbing a handful of 
chocolate bonbons from her clutch to give to Bella. “Here you go. I 
remember you love chocolate, so I brought you some.” 
“Thank you for keeping me in your thoughts, Mrs. Iverson.” Feeling 
touched, Bella cupped the chocolate in her hands. 
That was the type of person Bella was. She had seen too much of life, 
both the good and the bad.
Instead of grand gestures, it was the simple things in life that she 
was grateful for. 
“You’re so beautiful today,” Bella complimented. 
“R-Really?” 
Sophie blushed like a teenager. “My son chose the outfit for me. I 
usually wear something loose at home. I don’t feel comfortable 
wearing such a formal dress.” 
“Yes, you are, Mrs. Iverson.”” 
Bella smiled and turned to ChristoareChris has good taste.” 
Christopher’s breathing turned paragaced and emotions went through 
him like a roller coaster when Bellal signated at him. 
“The rest of your family has arrived. Clairman Lance is sitting with 
my dad. I’ll take you there now.” 
Bella was about to help Sophie there whared Ciststopher stopped her.” 
Wait. Bella.” 
She looked back in confusion. “Huh?”
fog should know our family’s situation. My momo arandit lost our 
annng and shares to the iverson Group years sa..why father sent 
sscovere in: Sentania, stopping us from ever returning foror 15 years. I asycoond, and my mother 
wasn’t in the best of heatdi. Yoou can navane # 7 was tough on us to get by on our own.” 
Christometer’s voice 
as so good raspy. 
elia a dicityly distened to his story while imagining a young oo 
are ofhin sicickmother. The image did not sit well with hare 
lo i don’t want to sir with the other members of the iverson ran 
pn’t want my mother to sit with thern either.” 
ith Bella falang siselet, Christopher thought she had refused his quest and said whywy smole, “If you 
don’t feel comfortable 
tting with an ouro 
teeme, then just forget it 
We have met you and toss a gut or Mrs. Celeste. We have gotten 
hat we came here for 
“We should head back and get out of your hair.” 
“Don’t get ahead of yourself, Chris.”
At that point, Bella could not possibly say no. She said tenderly, 
Come on. We can eat together. It’s just a get-together with my family. Make yourselves at home.”
###chapter664
Christopher was filled with joy, and it showed on his face. “Thank you, 
Bella.” 
Bella led Christopher and Sophie into the hall. 
“Look, James. It’s that woman.” Charles pointed at the door in 
surprise. 
James swirled his wine glass and looked up callously. 
His brows furrowed when he saw Christopher enjoying a good laugh 
with Bella. 
“Christopher seems close with Bella.” 
“Tsk, I bet he’s all over her.” 
Charles gnashed his teeth and kept a close eye on Christophe gulping down a mouthful of wine. 
“Christopher is such a bitch.” 
“He can’t stop sucking up to Ms. Bella. If they do end up together, 
would have him wrapped around her little finger.” 
Coral looked at Charles in disdain, finding her brother-in-law 
distasteful. He did not behave like a gentleman at all.
“Wasn’t Dad interested in setting you up with Bella?” 
James raised his brow in ridicule. “At this rate, your future wife will become your sister-in-law.” 
Chappiest 
“I’m not a whore to bend over backward for Bella like Christopher.” 
Charles found the behavior beneath him. 
“If you hang around her, you can become a billionaire’s son-in-law. Why can’t you do it to increase your 
net worth?” James asked in a flat 
tone. 
Taken aback, Charles pursed his lips. 
“If you don’t work hard at it, all our efforts will be for nothing, Charles.” 
James leaned toward Charles and said grimacingly in his ear, “If 
Christopher does marry Bella, Chairman Thompson’s favorite 
daughter, he will turn the tables on us and become our biggest rival. 
Christopher has always been a threat to you. It must kill you to see 
him make it big.” 
Charles stared at James as menace flickered in his eyes. 
Bella led Christopher and Sophie to her family.
“Oh, Mrs. Iverson. You’re back from Sentania. Long time, no s 
Mila and Sasha stood up to welcome Sophie, extending the 
etiquette as Wyatt’s wives. 
“Who are they?” Sophie stared blankly at her son. 
“Mom, they are Mila and Sasha, Chairman Wyatt’s wives. These fe people here are Bella’s siblings. 
This is Mr. Ryan Hoffman, and the lovely lady next to him is Ms. Carrie Salvador.” Christopher patiently 
introduced the group to his mother. 
Ryan did not see eye to eye with Christopher, but his kind words for 
Carrie eased the tension between his brows. 
Nothing ever pleased him before, but now Ryan was content with the 
little things. 
With Asher taking the lead, the group rose to their feet in al 
demonstration of their manners. 
Even though the Thompson brothers had a problem with Christopher, 
they would not convey their animosity in a public setting. 
Only Justin sat there with a long face, his eyes darting a chilling glare 
at Christopher. His body was tense with rage.
Christopher left him out of the introductions. 
It was an act of aggression to dismiss him. 
“Wow. There are so many of you.” 
Sophie looked worriedly at Christopher. “I can’t remember so many 
names. What should I do?” 
“It’s okay, Mrs. Iverson. We are all friends and family here. D 
nervous. Just sit.” 
Bella invited them to sit, only to realize there was an issue. 
There was only one seat left at the table. 
“You can sit here with Bella, Mom. I’ll sit elsewhere.” Not wanting t 
put Bella on the spot, Christopher proposed thoughtfully. 
“N-No!”
###chapter665
Sophie clung to Christopher’s arm nervously. “I want to be with you. Don’t leave me to sit here alone.” 
The group exchanged glances. 
“Uh, Mila. Why do I get the feeling that something’s off with Sophie?” Sasha nudged Mila and asked 
quietly. 
“Wyatt told me that Sophie has Alzheimer’s. I think her condition took a turn for the worse. She couldn’t 
even recognize us,” Mila murmured 
back. 
“Huh? Jesus. She’s too young to have dementia. Poor woman.” Sasha gave Sophie a sympathetic 
look. 
With Sophie latching on to her son, Christopher looked at Bella 
helplessly. 
“Mr. Salvador.” 
After much hesitation, Bella looked down and tapped on Just 
shoulder. “Do you mind giving up your seat?” 
The man looked up, the shock evident in his eyes. He met her 
I 
with resentment. “Why should I give my seat to him? I arrived be
him.” 
Ryan pressed his lips together to hold back the laughter. 
He could smell the bitterness a mile away. 
It’s not on a first-come, first-served basis. You saw it. Mrs. Iverson 
CHEWA 
doesn’t want to be apart from her son. I hope they can sit with me, so 
I’m sorry, but you have to sit somewhere else.” 
Bella did not want to be next to him anyway, and now she had an 
-TICALL 
excuse to shoo him away. “I have given it some thought, and I don’t 
want anybody else to leave. It’s best for you to give up your seat.” 
Christopher held his mother and pushed his glasses up his nose 
bridge, smiling as he knew he had won. 
“No, I won’t.” Justin frowned, determined to stick his butt where it 
should be. 
“Alright. So you won’t leave, huh? I’ll go to Grandpa Nigel’s table 
then.” Bella was tempted to punch the bastard right there and then.
Justin panicked. There was no point in resisting if Bella was to leave, 
so he tried to get up. 
“Bella.” 
Asher stood up and said with a faint smile, “Mr. Salvador is a guest Don’t put him through the hassle. I’ll 
join Dad at his table. Don’t ge 
worked up over something so small.” 
He then left, and an extra seat became available. 
Christopher grimaced. 
He knew the reason behind Asher’s actions, which was why he was 
dissatisfied. 
Justin was relieved that this worked in his favor. 
Given a chance, Justin would like to thank his future brother-in-law. 
anticipabadicipated birthday celebration began. 
n a while sincele since Bella had seen Camilla, so the seat other 
served formed for her elder sister. 
er sat next to Garito Camilla. He was dejected because he could 
n his crush. tush
Mr. Iverson just ren just returned from Sentania. You should have a 
about.” Beta lockers foored for conversational fillers, not wanting 
be awkward.vward. 
you lived in Sentanis antonio for a long time?” Camilla asked in 
‘Christopher replied with a swith a smile. 
less that makes you half osentha Sentanian now. You definitely : longer than I have. I got married 
narried and lived there for three 
he conversation going, Camilla Gstrede asked, “What do you 
er replied, “I have my own business piness in import and ex 
t you let us know what type of goods your corvmircompany trades 
n?” Justin asked indifferently.itly 
er clenched his fists under the table.fe 
ome trade secret, so it shouldn’t be hard for you to an answer 
Justin narrowed his eyes at Christopher. “Maybe your business 
doesn’t do what other companies do normally, and you can’t be 
honest about the nature of it.”.
###chapter666
Bella immediately felt suspicion, glancing at Justin discreetly. She could not understand what this man 
was up to again! 
The atmosphere at the table was tense. 
“It’s just ordinary trade goods. My business is nothing special.” 
Christopher adjusted his glasses as he put on a perfunctory smile. Only the slightly stiff corner of his 
lips exposed the anger hidden in his heart. “Mr. Salvador, you have such a rich imagination. Even if you 
are prejudiced against me, you shouldn’t simply assume the 
worst of 
my character and belittle the value I’ve created.” 
Justin smirked, curling his thin lips. 
“Mr. Salvador, I’m not like you. You had a smooth ride in the Salvador Corporation and became a rising 
star in the business world at a young age. You are also the heir appointed by Old Master Nigel, 
Someone like you, born privileged, could never understand the 
hardships of a self-made entrepreneur.” 
Listening to Christopher’s words, Bella sipped her champagne. 
of the memories buried deep in her heart for a long time surfac 
her mind.
In fact, no one understood Justin’s situation in the Salvador 
Corporation better than her. His journey was a far cry from how easy Christopher made it sound. 
“I didn’t expect my casual question to trigger so many remarks from you, Mr. Iverson. It seems I’ve 
made you nervous. I apologize. 
Consider it mere gossip that I’ve heard in Sentania.” 
Justin smiled faintly, his handsome face intimidating. A spark. flashed across his eyes. “Also, there’s 
something you got wrong. I 
don’t have any prejudice against you, but as long as you get close to Bella, I will dislike you from head 
to toe.” 
Christopher gritted his teeth, his jaw tense. 
Caught in the middle, Camilla listened to both men going at each. other as she felt a gradual surge of 
shock and excitement. 
However, due to her identity as Bella’s older sister and having held a high social status, she did not 
dare to show it on the surface. She pressed her lips, suppressing her amusement. 
Camilla thought, ‘All this drama makes it more worth it to come back 
home!’ 
“Justin, have you said enough?” 
Bella could not bear it any longer. She glared fiercely at the man beside her and growled, “If you 
continue with the nonsense, I
you out with a golf club!” 
Justin’s breath hitched, and his hand tightened into a grip on the ta 
Then he slowly relaxed and moved his hand closer to her, touching her wrist gently with his fingertips. 
His calloused finger rubbed against her delicate skin. 
“Bella, I’m sorry… Don’t get mad at me, okay?” 
He was handsome, clingy, and coaxing. Who could possibly resist 
this man? 
The warm feeling around her wrist was like vines entwining her, carrying a tingling sensation straight 
into her chest, circling and winding around her throbbing heart. 
Seeing that she did not speak, Justin panicked and leaned toward her. He coaxed with a hoarse voice, 
“You can vent your anger on me, but 
can we wait until we get back? I may not be much in your eyes, but I am still the president of Salvador 
Corporation. So many people are watching, so please save me some dignity.” 
Camilla remained composed, but she was on the verge of bursting 
into laughter. Both sisters had a habit of eavesdropping on others. 
“Just shut up! I can’t be bothered to hit you. You’re made out of 
muscles!” Bella snorted, then turned around and ignored him. 
Justin’s affectionate gaze fixed on her pouting and rosy lips, feeling a fire burning in his heart.
He was already thirty years old, yet his emotions would still be swayed by this woman’s smile and 
words, as if he were a teen 
who had just experienced his first love. 
The lights dimmed in the room. A beam of bright light descended from above, shining on the stage. 
At this moment, the emcee’s clear voice boomed from the 
microphone.
###chapter667
“Thanks for the wait, ladies and gentlemen! Let us welcome the main 
character tonight, Ms. Celeste!” 
As the emcee’s voice fell, the hall erupted into cheers and applause. 
“Aunt Celeste! Aunt Celeste!” Overjoyed, Bella called out Celeste’s name, clapping until her hands 
were red. 
At this moment, from the depths of the stage, Wyatt, dressed in a 
black tuxedo, gracefully walked into the spotlight while holding. 
Celeste’s hand. 
“Damn! My father is so fucking handsome!” Ralph exclaimed as he 
watched his father, who had a better complexion than most young 
people. 
“Jesus! He’s dressed too grandly. People might think he’s getting 
married a second time tonight!” Axel glanced at the stage excit 
“A second time? If your dad marries again, it would be the fifth ti 
Ryan fiddled with Carrie’s hand under the table as he teased with 
smile, “Still not too bad. I can count it with a hand.”
Suddenly, two sharp gazes cut through the air and landed on him. It 
was Mila and Sasha, both staring at him coldly. 
Ryan stuck out his tongue, not daring to speak rashly again. 
As he was too hungry, Axel quietly grabbed a small cake and stuffed 
it into his mouth. 
This scene was caught by Roza at the next tables 
Hey, aren’t you the dignified second son of the Titonusson family? Why are you stealing food?” 
Cough, cough, cough… Axel was caught off quad and immediately 
choked on the cake. 
Prm Poza saw his handsome face turn red from all the coughing. 
Axel pamed his chest and drank water frantically, watch vas pretty 
funny. She could not help but laugh out loud. 
Axel was speechless. This woman crashed into his car and almos 
made him chove to death, but Bella has got her back. 
This woman must be sent by the heavens to mess with him! 
This is my family’s banquet and my family’s hotel. How is it stealing?” Axel held back his anger, 
glancing at Roza irritably.
Even so, there are elders present at the table. How can you eat before they do? Where are your table 
manners?” 
Roza rested her chin on the back of the chair, smiling playfully. 
t was as if she and Bella were carved from the same mold. 
Axel felt a little annoyed, but amer seeing her smile, his minor rritation became negligible.. 
Wow! Look! The black and red dress Celeste is wearing is too beautiful!” 
For real! I noticed it when she came out stole my breath away!” 
Almost every guest focused on Celeste, their gaze attracted by the dress she wore, causing sighs of 
admiration everywhere. 
Justin also glanced at Celeste, and his pupils shrank in surprise. 
Wasn’t the dress she wore the one designed by Bella in Roza’s studio 
that day? 
“OMG… Did my eyes deceive me?” 
Someone suddenly stood up from their seat and exclaimed, “Isn’t this a masterpiece from Sharon?” 
“What?! It’s Sharon?!” 
“Holy shit! I can’t believe I get to see a dress designed by Sharon in 
real life! I can die with no regrets now.”
###chapter668
“I really want to touch it!” 
“As expected of the prestigious Thompson family! Sharon hasn’t made an appearance for years, but 
she designed this birthday dress for Celeste! This shows the status of Chairman Thompson. Look at 
that woman from the Salvador family, who is also celebrating her birthday tonight. I reckon that even if 
she kneels before Sharon, Sharon would probably still refuse to design for her!” 
Justin’s eyes widened in surprise. He turned his head and looked at 
Bella, who was smiling faintly. 
His eyes carried sparks of shock and admiration! 
It turned out that Bella was Sharon. 
Not only was she Alexa, but she was also Sharon! 
Justin’s breath became hotter, and his chest rose. His nerves were 
paralyzed, as if struck by lightning. 
How could one person have so many skills at the same time and 
excel in every single one of them to the point that they could amaze 
the world? 
His wife was not human. She was a goddess! 
Bella felt Justin’s scorching gaze and turned towards
him, only to be 
taken aback by his red eyes. 
“Why are you looking at me like that? Are your rabies breaking out?” 
She mocked. 
“I didn’t expect you to be Sharon.” Justin’s voice was hoarse as he was unable to pull his gaze away 
from her. 
“Why are you so surprised? It’s not like you know Sharon for the first 
time.” 
Bella laughed it off and shifted her gaze away from Justin’s stiff face. “Alexa once crafted a custom 
collar pin for you, and Sharon personally tailored a three-piece suit for you.” 
Justin’s heart tightened, and his eyes dimmed. 
Yes, at that time, she had worked alone in a tailor shop until night fell every day to prepare a birthday 
gift for him. 
He wore the collarpin almost every day. 
Every night, he sat alone at the bedside, carefully wiping it with a 
clean silk cloth and cherishing it like a precious treasure. 
Her feelings while preparing these gifts for him in the past 
feelings while preserving them carefully now were the same.
his 
It was a pity that he had not realized sooner… 
“Forget it. You never cared about who I was in the past, and you d care about my talents either. The 
gifts that I gave you, just like n were accumulating dust.” Bella watched the show on the stage, feeling 
an indescribable sorrow in her heart. 
“Bella, I wronged you back then and let you go. But now, I swear, I’ll do everything to make it up to you 
and never wrong you again.” 
Justin took a deep breath and spoke sincerely, even wishing to offer up his heart on a silver platter. “I 
know it’s difficult for you to give me a second chance, and you probably don’t even want to. But I won’t 
give up. I will keep persisting until my heart stops beating.” 
“Justin, there are words and phrases in the world used to express regret and sorrow, which I think 
could describe the relationship 
between us.” 
Bella finally turned her gaze back to him, but it was filled with 
indifference and coldness. “What’s done cannot be undone.” 
“Bella…” 
“I believe in miracles, but I don’t believe in reversals and repairs. Even if it could happen, it would be 
full of scars. We can’t go back in time.” 
Due to Celeste’s dress, the birthday banquet reached its first climax. Many guests secretly took photos 
of Celeste’s stunning appearance and posted them online.
The reporters caught wind of the news like sharks smelling blood. Soon, they hyped up the news of 
Celeste wearing a dress designed by 
Sharon. 
In 15 minutes, the hashtag “#Sharon Designs GownForCeleste” quickly. 
climbed to the first spot in the trending topics!
###chapter669
The netizens engaged in a passionate discussion online. 
[Do you mean Celeste-Wyatt Thompson’s third wife and the actress that fell off?! How could Sharon 
design a dress for her?] 
[Amazing! This black and red dress is so beautiful! It took my breath 
away!] 
[Why can’t Sharon design a dress for Celeste? Back then, Celeste was one of the best actresses! My 
parents are still fans of hers now!] 
[I stan her too! Oops, kind of revealed my age.] 
[How many years ago was it? She became Wyatt’s mistress, giving birth to a child without getting 
married. Does she deserve to have Sharon make an appearance again?] 
[Stop being a hater! You can get a few billion dollars if you give birth to Chairman Thompson’s child! I’m 
even willing to be his fifth wife. I 
he wants, I’ll even birth him a soccer team!] 
Surprisingly, there were a thousand likes on this comment. Oh, how messed up the world has become! 
Love was nothing in the face of 
money. 
[She’s leading an impressive life as a mistress! Look at Shannon.
Quarry, the wife of Salvador Corporation’s chairman, whose birthday 
is also today. Nobody attended her celebration, and she doesn’t have 
a stunning dress. How embarrassing! She’s doing worse than Celeste, a mistress!] 
[I could understand why Sharon designed a dress for Celeste. At the very least, Céleste has works of 
her own and has kept a low profile. She is also passionate about charity. Shannon is only passionate 
about dirty tricks. Sharon would be tarnishing her reputation if she designed a dress for Shannon!] 
Celeste had not appeared in public for many years. With Bella’s 
assistance, she once again blossomed as a renowned actress, showing her dazzling brilliance. 
Although Bella was at the banquet, she kept an eye on the public opinion online. 
She turned around and sent a voice message to Steven. “Make sure the PR department pays extra 
attention tonight. Handle any negative news about Aunt Celeste promptly, including the comments. 
Check every five minutes.” 
“Yes, Ms. Bella.” 
“Also, I don’t care what method you use, but don’t let the hype 
down for now.” 
Steven thought about it. “But Chairman Thompson and Celes 
to keep a low profile tonight, only celebrating at the banquet 
don’t want to overdo it.”
Bella sighed. They had underestimated Sharon’s influence. 
Whenever Sharon designed clothes for someone or when her pieces appeared in a fashion week, it 
would undoubtedly create tremendous 
waves. 
The people in the jewelry industry regarded Alexa as a deity. The 
same goes for Sharon in the fashion industry! 
Since the gown Sharon designed for Celeste had appeared in public, it was impossible to suppress the 
discussions. In that case, it would be better to go with it and let Celeste have a grand birthday 
celebration, 
which would make all other women envious. 
It was because Celeste deserved it. That clown, Shannon, tried to 
feed off of Celeste but ended up hurting herself. 
At this moment, Shannon must be losing her temper! 
“Bastard! That damned bitch, Celeste!” 
In the Salvador Hotel’s presidential suite, Shannon threw everything 
she could on the ground, but she was still furious. 
In the end, she even picked up a crystal ashtray and smashed the huge TV screen into pieces. 
“Mom! Mom, calm down!” Bethany hid far away, trembling from fear
with a pale face. 
“Calm down? How can I calm down?! That bitch is wearing a gown designed by Sharon! Who does she 
think she is?!” 
Shannon’s anger surged the more she thought about it. She was 
about to have a mental breakdown. Her eyes shone with a hue of 
crimson madness. 
At this moment, she even felt an urge to kill Celeste!
###chapter670
“Mom, calm down! Chill.” 
Bethany cautiously approached Shannon and sat beside her, 
comforting her. “When I see you so mad, I really feel for you as your daughter! How can I help you vent 
your anger?” 
“Anger? I want Celeste dead. Can you do it?” Shannon gritted her 
teeth vindictively. 
“I…” Bethany was rendered speechless. 
“That Celeste… I thought she belittled herself to be with Wyatt, willing 
to become an unofficial mistress. And she only gave birth to a weak 
daughter!” 
Upon hearing that, Bethany’s mouth twitched, and she thought, ‘You 
only gave birth to two daughters as well. Aren’t you insulting yourself 
too?’ 
“I didn’t expect Wyatt to dote on her so much! He made a big deal out 
of her birthday celebration and even got Sharon to design a dress for 
her. How could she be so lucky? How could she take the spotlight
from me?!” 
Shannon’s face was red with anger, almost on the verge of tears! 
The better Celeste’s life was, the more it made Shannon-Gregory’s legal wife-seem like a joke! 
“Mom, staying mad here isn’t going to help you. We need to think of a way to undermine Celeste and 
destroy her birthday banquet!” Bethany 
shook Shannon’s arm anxiously. 
Shannon bit her lips viciously and dialed a number, then walked to the 
window. 
“Ms. Quarry, it’s been ages since you contacted me. How have you 
been?” 
A hoarse male voice came from the other end of the phone, sounding 
like a middle-aged man. 
“Terrible. My situation now… I’d rather die!” Shannon choked as she 
spoke, tears welling up in her eyes. 
“Is it because of Celeste?” 
“Who else could it be?” 
“Ms. Quarry, you helped me in the past, and I will never forget your
kindness. Tell me, how can I repay you?” 
Shannon sobbed lightly, but there was a sinister smile in her eyes. 
The dress designed by Sharon elevated Celeste’s birthday banquet. 
But tonight, Celeste’s glory did not stop there. It was time to present 
all her gifts. 
Everyone eagerly anticipated what sort of property or jewelry Wyatt 
would give his wife, but the result was beyond their imagination. 
Wyatt had given Celeste a charity foundation named after her, dedicated to caring for disabled children. 
Furthermore, Celeste was named the president of this charity 
foundation. 
Bella could not help but reveal a contented smile. She knew that the women of the Thompson family 
were different from typical ladies of 
wealthy families. 
In the Thompson family, no one was interested in money or jewelry 
except for Bella and Wyatt. 
Compared to a stunning diamond, Wyatt’s charity foundation was a gift that touched Celeste’s heart. 
Throughout the years, she had been making time to volunteer at orphanages and had been secretly 
using – her savings to help children in need.
She did these privately, thinking that Wyatt was unaware of them. 
Surprisingly, Wyatt knew and had prepared everything for her, merely waiting for this day to reveal the 
big surprise. 
“Celeste, I know that you have always been passionate about charity 
and have anonymously helped countless children in orphanages. After thinking about it, I thought this 
gift would be the best for you Wyatt held Celeste’s hand, looking at her with a doting gaze. 
“Wyatt… You already knew.” Celeste’s eyes were teary. 
“It’s your big day. Don’t cry.” 
Wyatt smiled softly, wiping her tears away. 
At this moment, he looked at Celeste with such an indulging gaze that 
would make any woman in the world jealous. 
“Since the charity foundation has been established, I’ll set a good example and donate $5 billion for 
charity work. I hope everyone will 
support the Celeste Charity Foundation! As the representative of KS Group, I’ll thank everyone in 
advance!” 
Wyatt’s gaze swept across the crowd below the stage, his presence making it impossible for anyone to 
disregard him. 
His lean figure and resounding voice made him seem like a man in his forties. It was unbelievable how 
he had aged backward.
“Wow!”
###chapter671
In an instant, applause thundered! 
“Although Chairman Thompson didn’t give Celeste any houses or jewelry, he injected $5 billion into the 
foundation! It is already a grand gesture!” 
“A typical wealthy lady’s birthday banquet would usually consist of gifts like jewelry, but Chairman 
Thompson is so creative. This meant something important to Celeste! When word gets out, it will boost 
Celeste’s image and increase the popularity of the Thompson family. It’s a win-win situation!” 
Under the stage, Nigel, Lance, and Asher sat at the same table. 
“Ahem… What kind of technology and anti-aging methods did this old geezer use behind my back? 
Why isn’t he showing signs of aging?” 
Lance muttered with jealousy and asked Asher, who was sitting beside him. “Asher, what’s your 
father’s skincare routine? How does he manage to look so young? Come on, tell me the secret.” 
“He must have put on a little makeup,” Asher smiled humbly. 
These two friends had been competing about their appearance for decades! 
“Oh! I knew it!” 
Lance suddenly inched closer, winking. “Which makeup artist did your father hire? The result is quite 
natural. Can you introduce them to me?” 
Asher was speechless. 
Listening on the side, Nigel could not help but feel amused.
The Thompson family sat at one table, happily clapping at this moment. 
Amelia watched as her mother held back tears of joy on the stage. Suddenly, she could not hold back 
and cried silently. 
“Amelia?” 
Mila sat beside Amelia and noticed that the latter was crying. Panicking, Mila hurriedly took some 
tissues and passed them to her under the table, asking softly, “Why are you crying, darling?” 
“It’s nothing… It’s nothing, Aunt Mila.” 
Amelia took the tissues and wiped her tears, saying in a trembling voice, “I’m just so happy for Mom.” 
Mila’s heart warmed, and she gently stroked Amelia’s silky hair. 
In their complex family, the other kids, including Bella, still kept a distance. Only this youngest child 
treated her like a real mother. 
Although Mila did not mind the others, it still warmed her heart. 
“Yeah, you should be happy.” 
“Actually… I’ve always thought that Dad didn’t care much about Mom.” 
Amelia wondered what had gotten into her tonight, with many emotions flooding her mind. “I’m also the 
most useless daughter. 
Your daughter is the future First Lady of Sentania, and Bella was not only a goddess in the jewelry 
industry, but she could also manage the hotel for Dad. But I don’t know anything. I could only drag all of 
you down.”
“Amelia, don’t think like that.” 
Mila felt upset and hugged Amelia. “Your father had told us many times in private that he hoped you, 
the youngest daughter of the 
Thompson family, could be a carefree and pampered lady at home. 
To him, his children’s accomplishments are not important. What matters is that you all have a happy 
and smooth life. Also, your father loves you and your mother. Although he doesn’t say it, it doesn’t 
mean he doesn’t love you. We need to judge by his actions, right?” 
Listening to Mila’s words, Amelia leaned on her shoulder, nodding with tears in her eyes. 
Soon, several prominent guests presented their gifts, all valued at millions of dollars. 
In front of the richest family in Hatchbay, anything less than that would make them look like fools. 
“The next gift is from Christopher Iverson, the fourth son of Group’s Chairman!” 
Just as the emcee’s voice fell, a spotlight shone on Christopher. 
Everyone subconsciously glanced at the Thompson family’s tabl including Bella. She slightly turned her 
head, curiously looking at Christopher, who remained calm and composed. 
“He prepared a gift privately?!” 
Charles’ gaze darkened as he gritted his teeth. “He’s so calculative. 
He’s always thinking about pleasing the Thompson family and showing off!” 
“What’s the point of it?”
###chapter672
James casually sipped his wine, disdain underlying his eyes. Christopher always loved to be a 
smartass, but he doesn’t understand that he can’t do things in excess. Yes, he could please Bella, but 
he didn’t know he had offended Dad. In the Iverson Group, Dad still has the final say.” 
Charles sneered. “Hmph, let him continue simping! He will eventually end up with nothing!” 
Indeed, Lance’s expression darkened at this moment. His jaw was tense as he glanced toward 
Christopher. 
When he saw Sophie, his eyes widened, and his mouth twitched! 
The emcee pushed Christopher’s gift onto the stage with a cart, carrying with it everyone’s attention. 
Celeste looked at Wyatt hesitantly. “Should we uncover it? It’s a little token from Christopher.” 
Wyatt had his arm around Celeste’s thin waist as they unveiled the red cloth covering the gift. 
Instantly, Wyatt’s expression changed. He raised his eyes and discreetly glanced in Christopher’s 
direction. 
The guests also gasped in admiration when they saw the gift, almost comparable to the shock they felt 
when they saw the dress Sharon designed. 
Bella’s brows furrowed, feeling surprised. 
She thought, ‘This is a 17th-century porcelain vase made by the Royal 
Pottery. This antique could easily be treasured in the national museum, and it would start at a minimum 
of $30 million at an auction!’
Christopher presented such an extravagant gift to Celeste on her birthday, and its value was even 
higher than Lance’s gift. Thus, he was embarrassing his father on purpose. 
Christopher had no deep connection with Celeste. They had merely met a few times. There was no 
need to go to such lengths. Instead of being Celeste’s gift, it was more like an attempt to please Wyatt 
with this opportunity. 
As she thought about this, Bella pursed her lips and shook her head lightly. 
When her gaze swept to the right, she was suddenly stunned. At some point, Justin disappeared. 
Bella’s heart skipped a beat. She immediately looked around esearching for that lean and strong figure. 
M’Madam Celeste.” 
At At this moment, Christopher walked to the stage and bowed po 
Ththen he said gently, with a humble smile, “This is a gift from 17th-century porcelain vase carefully 
crafted by the Royal Pottery wishish long-lasting joy and laughter upon you and Chairman 
Thehompson.” 
Celasies we was stunned for a moment. “Thank you, Mr. Iverson. This gift s tooqu prenious. I 
appreciate your thought.” 
“It is indeed too precious. I would have thought it was my birthday instead!” Wyatt teased half-jokingly. 
Christopher adjusted his glasses as a glint of darkness flashed across his eyes. 
“17th century!” 
“This is a priceless antique!”
“Christopher never showed himself in public at the Iverson family’s events before, but he made his first 
appearance tonight with such a grand gesture. How impressive!” 
“But his gift was $1 million more expensive than Chairman Iverson. Is this appropriate?” 
It was not! 
Lance Iverson’s face had turned green. 
However, they did not know that this seemingly inappropriate gesture was actually intentional. 
This was just the beginning. The Iverson family members had more uncomfortable days to come. 
At this moment, the emcee shouted, “The next gift is from Mr. Justin Salvador, the president of the 
Salvador Corporation!”
###chapter673
Bella uncontrollably sat up straight. Her heartbeat quickened, and she stared at the stage attentively. 
Camilla was the closest to Bella, immediately noticing the fluctuation in her emotions. She narrowed 
her eyes. 
The crowd’s attention shifted from Christopher to the stage. 
“Haha! It’s my grandson. It’s my grandson’s gift!” Nigel patted Asher on his left and Lance on his right 
excitedly. 
Nigel knew his grandson would make a move. How could Justin let that scheming punk from the 
Iverson family steal the spotlight? 
“Lance, looking at your son’s actions, does he fancy Anna too?” Nigel asked, raising his eyebrows. 
“Anna?” 
“Ahem… It’s Bella’s nickname. It’s an old habit of mine.” Nigel blurted it out habitually. 
Lance pursed his lips, revealing nothing on his face. “My fourth son was used to fooling around outside. 
I really don’t know what he’s thinking.” 
“You don’t know?” 
Nigel chuckled teasingly. “On Celeste’s birthday, your youngest son presents a 17th-century antique 
worth over $30 million. Isn’t he trying to earn Wyatt’s favor? It seems your son really likes Bella.” 
“I’m not too sure about the affairs between these youngsters.” Lance’s smile was a bit stiff.
“Although you say so, let me still give you a word of advice.” 
Nigel casually leaned backward, raising his brows smugly. “Bella will definitely end up with my 
grandson. I suggest you comfort your son. There are plenty of women in the world, and with his good 
looks, he could find someone more suitable. Don’t waste his precious time on a woman out of his 
reach.” 
Lance was stunned. He could only smile dryly. 
On the side, even Asher’s expression changed, curling his lips discreetly. 
Old Master Nigel was truly unpredictable. He must have been a man of character and charisma in his 
youth. 
In the shadows, Christopher’s handsome face darkened. He had expected Justin to give something, 
but not with such a high profile! It was beyond his expectations. 
At this moment, the emcee carried another tray covered with a red cloth to the stage and placed it on 
the display table. 
Christopher heard sturdy footsteps coming up from behind him. He turned around with a cold gaze, 
only to see Justin calmly stepping into the spotlight in front of everyone. 
“Madam Celeste, this is my gift to you.” 
Justin stood still beside Christopher, looking as beautiful as a sculpture. “Happy birthday. May your day 
be filled with joy, surrounded by loved ones and precious moments.” 
He carried himself in a dignified and courteous manner, presenting the image of an exceptional young 
man.
Nigel beamed brightly. No matter how he saw it, his grandson was much better than Christopher 
Iverson! 
Bella glanced at Justin with complicated feelings. Right now, she was more curious about the gift he 
had chosen for Celeste. 
Christopher stood out with an expensive and unique antique. His gift would be the best of all if there 
were no surprises. 
What treasure could Justin present to surpass Christopher’s? 
“Mr. Salvador, thank you for your wishes. We’re honored that you and Old Master Nigel could make it to 
my birthday celebration.” Celeste responded gracefully. 
Wyatt smirked as he looked at Justin. Although he did not show anything on the surface, he felt quite 
dissatisfied deep down. 
This rascal once hurt his precious Bella! 
With that history, how could Justin have the audacity to show face at the Thompson family’s event?
###chapter674
Justin must be so thick-skinned to show up here. 
“What I prepared is not anything expensive, but I prioritize sincerity over its worth. My gift represents 
my sincerity. Madam Celeste, I hope you will like it.” Justin had a humble attitude. 
Bella propped her chin up, staring at Justin as she raised an eyebrow. 
He was usually cold and distant, almost never showing such an approachable side. 
What a good actor! 
“Since you say so, let’s take a look.” Wyatt acted as if he was doing. Justin a favor. 
Celeste smiled bitterly. Wyatt had carved his hatred for Justin into his bones. 
Secretly observing Wyatt’s expression, Christopher only felt like laughing. 
It was futile, despite how hard Justin tried to butter up Wyatt. Since Justin had deeply hurt Bella before, 
it meant making the whole. Thompson family his enemy. 
That mistake was as severe as the sky crashing down. It was irreversible. 
Celeste and Wyatt uncovered the red cloth together. Lying silently in a transparent glass box was a 
golden crown embedded with pearls. 
Instantly, Celeste’s eyes widened. Her heart raced rapidly, and her eyes reddened. 
“Celeste? Celeste? What’s wrong?” Noticing her abnormal behavior, Wyatt held her warm hand and 
asked gently.
Celeste returned to her senses. Tears shone in her bright eyes. She calmed herself down and revealed 
the happiest smile ever seen on her face tonight. 
“Wyatt… I really like Mr. Salvador’s gift… I really like it.” 
Her soft voice reached every corner of the hall through the microphone. Everyone heard her sincere 
exclamation. 
The Thompson family members were shocked, including Bella! 
Bella did not understand. The crown only had good craftsmanship. It did not use rare materials and 
looked like a prop in a film set. How did it manage to win Aunt Celeste’s heart? 
“Celeste, I don’t understand…” Wyatt was confused. 
Celeste was not in a hurry to explain. Her eyes shone as she suppressed her excitement and looked at 
Justin. “Mr. Salvador, where did you find this crown?” 
“It’s a long story. I found it from a retired prop maker.” 
Justin answered with a serious expression. “He had been keeping this crown in his collection. I offered 
a high price to buy it from him, but he refused. Then, I expressed my intention to make it your birthday 
gift. He was touched and gave it to me for free. I was lucky to get it.” 
s his words feft.Il Celeste was so excited that tears shone in hererveyes. he asked schlyl/Was it Mr. 
White who worked on the set offhee równ?” 
ustin nodded. ‘Yes.” 
eleste covered her mouth, almost unable to suppress her urge to crgry.
elle was taken aback Stae quickly took out her phone and googled ” he Crown.” It turned outta be a TV 
series twenty years ago, whichth ad a burst of popularity onoce premiered on the TS Channel. 
he actress who acted as the queen in the series was Celeste. She Iso made a name for herself 
thoroughinis series and became amous. TS Channel even designed stage for Celeste to dance in he 
Queen’s costume, eaming ber famiae and praise. 
1 that classic image of the enchanting queen Celeste portrayed in 
e series, she wore this very crown.ochenhead! 
Dh… I understand now…” Belle’s gazeolooking at Justin, turned soft. 
his rascal had won this round. It was a totaled sad clown. 
lo matter how much Bella disliked Justin, shhaddio admit 
ift he prepared was sincere and thoughtful.. 
le wrote it off in a casual tone, but Bella understood how much 
nd-energy he had spent to obtain this crown,which reveant a lot leleste it was a heartfelt gift.
###chapter675
To say that she was not moved at all would be a lie. 
Wyatt quietly listened on the side, deeply touched. The way he looked at Justin was no longer as 
hostile as before. “Justin, thank you. Your gift was well-prepared, and I could feel your dedication. 
Good work.” 
“Chairman Thompson, you flatter me.” 
Justin… 
Wyatt had called him Justin! 
Oh, this exhilarating feeling Justin felt! It was as if he had finally gained approval from his wealthy 
father-in-law after enduring years of disdain in his pursuit of Bella’s hand! 
Justin might even have trouble sleeping tonight. 
Seeing Justin turn the tables and even receive Wyatt’s praise, a surge of anger rose in Christopher’s 
heart. He was always calcu excelled at winning people’s hearts, but he unexpectedly los on a mere gift. 
It was unbearable! 
“Also, I have another gift, a token of goodwill from my grandfath and me.” 
Justin smiled. “Representing the Salvador Corporation, we will donate $3 billion to the Celeste Charity 
Foundation for charity work.” 
The crowd was stunned!
$3 billion! 
The Salvador Corporation donated such a generous amount! 
Wyatt’s sharp eyes brightened, and he nodded his head in approval. 
Although Justin was a scum, he certainly knew how to handle things properly. Compared to the $5 
billion Wyatt injected, Justin only donated $3 billion, which showed his courtesy of not stealing the 
host’s spotlight. 
Immediately, Justin overtook Christopher. 
Listening to his grandson’s words, Nigel revealed an approving smile -and gave Justin a thumbs up. 
Nigel had planned to donate later, but now his grandson has saved him the trouble. 
Seeing an opportunity, Lance raised his hand and chuckled. “I’l donate too! It’ll be lower than Wyatt. $4 
billion, how about that?” 
The crowd applauded. “How generous!” 
Since the Salvador family made a donation, the Iverson family, holding the same social status and 
wealth, could not stay silent. 
Otherwise, they would be embarrassing themselves. 
“Thanks, bro!” Wyatt smiled and waved at Lance. 
A few billion dollars was nothing in the eyes of these behemoths. They threw it around like throwing a 
ball! 
“Did Dad donate $4 billion to the Thompson family’s foundation?
What a loss!” Charles mumbled in dissatisfaction. 
“In Dad’s eyes, if the $4 billion could restore the image that 
Christopher lost, then the money was well spent.” James looked at 
Christopher’s pale face and let out a mocking smile. 
After presenting the gifts, Christopher and Justin both walked down the stage. 
“Mr. Salvador, I didn’t expect you to be so cunning and strategic. It must have been hard work.” 
Christopher adjusted his gold-rimmed glasses as a sinister glint appeared in his eyes. “I’ll give it to you 
this time, but only this time.” 
“Be mindful of the words you choose, Mr. Iverson.” 
Justin slightly raised his chin, appearing handsome and arrogant. You did not give it to me. You lost to 
me.” 
“Justin Salvador.” Christopher gritted his teeth, and his eyes turned red. He could not bear to hear the 
word “lost.”
###chapter676
“But have you considered why you still lost against me despite being well prepared?” Justin’s eyes 
remained composed, and he gave a beautiful yet cynical smile. “Even if I resorted to playing mind 
games, it’s all to win Bella’s favor. On the other hand, your intentions seem far from innocent. Despite 
knowing that Mrs. Iverson was feeling unwell, you insisted on bringing her to the banquet tonight. Just 
by doing that, you’ve set yourself up for failure.” 
With those words, Justin walked away. Christopher’s breath was ragged as he gazed hatefully at 
Justin. 
The banquet unfolded in a lively and joyful atmosphere. 
Justin felt extremely happy to have achieved an initial victory. He decided to step outside for a smoke 
to reward himself. 
He did not walk far from the banquet hall when a delicate call reached his ears, tugging at his 
heartstrings. 
“Justin!” 
His chest tightened, and he swiftly turned around. Bella was swiftly approaching him. 
Her clear, bright eyes sparkled with hope. Her silky hair was swaying lightly with the wind, and her red 
lips exuded a seductive charm. 
Justin felt an impulse surge within him to pull her tightly into ant embrace and kiss her. 
In they could hear each other’s erratic breathing. There were no words exchanged, just silence. The 
tension in the air was almost palpable. link of an eye, Bella stood before him. Their gazes met, and
Bella was the first to break the silence. “I didn’t expect you to prepare such an unexpected gift for Aunt 
Celeste tonight.” She lightly coughed. 
Her beautiful eyes sparkled, and she continued. “I could tell that among all the birthday gifts, the one 
she liked most was the crown prop you gave her. It even overshadowed all the gifts I gave her.” 
Justin’s complexion suddenly turned pale, and he quickly explained, ” I’m sorry, Bella. I just thought that 
Madam Celeste would like the gift very much. I didn’t think it through.” 
He continued to apologize, “I’m really sorry. I never had the intention of stealing the limelight. You’re 
Madam Celeste’s precious family, and the gift you gave her must be her favorite.” 
“Hey, can you stop apologizing to me for no reason? How ma imes do I have to say it? I hate it when 
you keep saying sorry to m makes me feel like I bully you all the time!” 
Bella frowned impatiently and pursed her red lips. “I just want thank you for your gift.” 
Justin was shocked. He could handle it when she scolded him, hi him, and threw tantrums at him. But 
when she unexpectedly said ” thank you”, he found himself at a loss. 
“It’s been a long, long time since I felt this happy, especially about Aunt Celeste.” Bella smiled 
contentedly. “So, no matter what, I have to express my gratitude.” 
“In your heart, family will always be the most important. That’s great.” Justin gazed affectionately. 
“You used to be important to me too.” Bella’s heart trembled at the thought. A myriad of emotions 
surged in her chest. 
“By the way, Bella, come with me.” Justin grabbed her hand. “I also have a gift for you.”
###chapter677

Justin led Bella through the deserted corridor with hurried steps, like two lovebirds trying to elope together.
Bella gazed deeply at Justin's broad back, which gave her a sense of security. Her breath got heavier, and she could feel her palms sweating.
At this moment, there was an undeniable slight flutter in her heart. At the same time, she could not help but resent herself for liking him. Not only for all the past incidents but also now, simply from holding his hand. It was infuriating! He seemed to be getting off too easy!
Ignorant of Bella's internal turmoil, Justin remained delighted as he led her to the entrance of a luxurious suite.
Flustered and embarrassed, Bella forcefully pulled her hand away. Her face turned ablaze, and she angrily said, "Justin! What is the meaning of this?! How dare you treat me like some easy girl? Do you think I wouldn't dare call my brothers here to chop you into pieces right now?"
Justin was taken aback by her sudden outburst.
But, seeing that she had misunderstood, he flashed a wry smile. "Where's this coming from? The gift I wanted to give you is stored inside."
Bella's eyes widened, and she pursed her lips tightly. Her cheeks were flushed with embarrassment.
"While I can handle your brothers teaming up against me, I would like to leave them with a better impression." Justin's eyes darkened slightly. He leaned closer and teased her.
"Hypothetically, even if I wanted to be naughty, you're the only person I would take home."
"I would never go back to that 'home' of yours, not even if you beat me to death! Enough is enough!" Bella became increasingly embarrassed as she listened. She turned her head away to avoid looking at him.
"Tideview Manor has never been my home. Bella, I never had a home." Justin's voice shook, and his gaze instantly became dim.
A pang of pain struck Bella's heart.
"In the future, wherever you are will be home to me. But if that's not possible, I would rather wander through life endlessly." Justin choked on his bitter words.
Bella slowly shifted her gaze to his eyes. Her gaze resembled that of a sick person, exhausted and numb from the torment of a painful illness.
With just one look, Justin felt a stab in his heart. He was overwhelmed with regret.
He was too impatient and acted hastily. Even if he genuinely felt this way, he should not
have expressed it like that. He knew all too well that she despised hearing those words the most.
Bella suddenly asked, "You were once in the military, right? A soldier in the peacekeeping force."
Justin sensed something ominous and was about to respond when Bella interrupted him.
"During those years, you had indeed experienced a hard journey. But you did it for someone else. You know deep down in your heart that it certainly wasn't for me."
'Oh no... It's over...' Justin felt both anxious and flustered. His thin lips trembled, he felt his throat tighten, and he struggled to speak.
Just then, the door clicked open.
Both of them were caught off guard. It significantly alleviated the awkwardness and embarrassment.
"Mr. Salvador! Young Madam! It's really you!" Ian stood at the doorway, smiling. "I vaguely heard the two of you talking. I didn't see you come in after a while, so I opened the door to check."
Bella and Justin stood there and stared at him.
Seeing the awkward atmosphere, Ian broke into a cold sweat. "I didn't disturb you, did I?"
"Not at all," Bella said coldly. She lowered her gaze and swiftly entered the room.
Justin pursed his pale lips and followed behind her.
Ian was about to enter the room when Justin shut the door right in his face.
With a cold tone coming through the crack of the door, he uttered two words, "Stay here." Ian quickly stood at attention and said, "Yes, Mr. Salvador!"
###chapter678
As soon as Bella entered the room, she noticed an antique collection box. It was crafted from high- 
quality ebony and was sitting elegantly on the coffee table. With her discerning eyes, she could tell 
from the box alone that it contained something extraordinary inside. 
“What a beautiful box.” Bella sighed, her gaze fixed on it. 
“Don’t just look at the box. Open it and see what’s inside.” Justin walked slowly to her side. His 
attention was completely focused on her captivating beauty. 
Carrying a mix of confusion and anticipation, Bella wiped her slightly moist hands on her skirt. 
Justin noticed this adorable gesture of hers, which made him flutter with delight. It warmed his heart. 
Bella opened the box cautiously. The scene of a stunning fusion of delicate pink and ethereal azure 
unfolded before her eyes. The col on the flame-glazed porcelain were so beautiful that it was unreal. 
“Wow!” Bella exclaimed, covering her red lips with both hands. 
In Wyatt’s private collection, there were countless pieces of jewelry and antiques from around the 
world. But there were no antiques from the 13th century. The appearance of this porcelain seemed to 
fill that void. Bella was overwhelmed with excitement and joy. 
Justin said with a faint smile, “I came across this three months ago from a collector in England. I 
thought you would love it. After some negotiation and a bit of persuasion, he agreed to sell it to me.” 
‘It was worth it.” Justin thought.
The moment she revealed her joyful smile, all the weariness from the effort and challenges he faced to 
acquire it dissipated. 
“Beautiful… It’s so beautiful.” Bella murmured softly, her almond eyes. shimmering with delight. 
As she was not wearing gloves, her hands could only encircle the cup, not daring to touch it. 
“It’s yours now. Feel free to touch it as you like.” Justin’s gaze radiated a gentle and tender warmth as 
he moved behind her. Slowly and cautiously, he lifted his arms and grabbed her hands, pulling her 
close against his warm chest. 
With a composed breath, he firmly but gently took hold of her hand from behind. Bella sensed his warm 
breath flowing through her hair and into her ear. A wave of warmth from the depths of her heart made 
her entire body and ears turn red. 
As their hearts raced, their shadows melded together. The air s to carry a subtly intoxicating, sweet 
scent. 
“Justin, you…” 
Bella’s rosy lips parted slightly when she felt a subtle pressure on her back. Justin leaned forward and 
pressed against her. His muscular arms tightly embraced her slender waist, drawing her close to his 
chest. 
“Bella, you can scold and hit me later,” he said, holding her in his embrace without uttering another 
word. 
The birthday banquet had reached its climax, and it was time for the dance.
As the main character of the night, Celeste danced with Wyatt amidst the melodious music. It was a 
scene that evoked admiring smiles. from the surrounding guests. 
As Wyatt was born into a prestigious family, he had mandatory lessons in social dancing. 
Despite his age, he gracefully outshone the younger gentlemen on the dance floor. 
With Celeste’s background in singing, dancing, and acting, she showcased her exceptional talent too. 
The duo’s performance was a magnificent display, captivating everyone’s attention. 
Some guests brought dance partners, while others sought companions out on the spot. 
Laughter and joy filled the dance floor, creating a delightful atmosphere. 
James naturally danced with his wife, Coral. As for Ryan’s dance partner, there was no one else aside 
from Carrie.
###chapter679
Carried stuttered, “I… I don’t… I don’t want to dance.” 
Initially, Carrie sat comfortably on the sofa in the corner. She was sipping juice and enjoying a slice of 
cake. 
Little did she know that Ryan would insist on dragging her onto the dance floor! 
Carrie had seen her parents and Bethany dance, but she felt it was not for her. Besides, she never 
expected to be the center of attention in such a setting. 
“It’s okay. I’ll teach you slowly, Carrie.” Ryan bent down, placing his hands gently on her shoulders, 
patiently coaxing her. 
“Ryan, I don’t want to.” Carrie lowered her head, looking pitiful. There was a little smear of cream still 
on her lips. “Everyone here can dance so well, but I can’t, and I’ll embarrass you. Besides, I don’t like 
crowded places. It makes me anxious.” 
Ryan’s eyes narrowed, feeling an indescribable discomfort. The second statement was what truly hit 
his heart. 
He genuinely cared for her. However, his excitement often led him to get carried away, causing him to 
overlook her social anxiety and autism. 
“Ryan, are you mad at me?” Carrie felt anxious as she observed his silence. She shuffled her feet 
awkwardly. 
Ryan quickly kneeled in front of her, revealing a devilishly charming face that could enchant the world. 
Using his fingertip, he wiped away the cream from the corner of her lips and licked his fingers.
“Mmm! So sweet!” 
Carrie’s rosy cheeks instantly turned red, and she shyly clenched her delicate fists. “Why did you do 
that? It’s… It’s so dirty.” 
“Why would it be dirty? You’re sweet and fragrant all over, Carrie.” Ryan’s charming eyes sparkled 
sincerely. He firmly held her cold. hand, covering it. 
Carrie’s heart raced like a startled rabbit. “Really?” 
“Of course, when have I ever lied to you?” 
When Ryan locked eyes with Carrie, a mischievous thought crossed his mind. He smirked and asked, 
“You’ve been sitting quietly all night. 
How about letting me teach you to dance?” 
“I’m really clumsy.” Carrie confessed, lacking confidence. 
“It’s okay. I’ll teach you slowly.” Ryan leaned in close to her ear warm breath teasing her earlobe. “Just 
like when I taught you to k 
“Ah!” Carrie turned crimson, letting out a surprised exclamation at t unexpected analogy. 
Ryan playfully gave himself a light smack on the mouth. “Stay focused! Be serious, you pervert!” 
On the other side, the Thompson family’s gathering was equally lively. Sasha was in high spirits, 
holding a glass of red wine and dancing with Amelia. 
Surprisingly, Mila was dancing with Asher, leaving Ralph dumbfounded!
“Mom! If you want to dance, you could either ask Dad or me. Why are you dancing with Asher?” Ralph 
looked at his mother helplessly as she gracefully danced with Asher. 
However, it had to be acknowledged that when his mother danced, she not only looked youthful but 
also radiated elegance. One could imagine how remarkably beautiful she must have been twenty years 
ago. 
“I wouldn’t want to dance with you. You’re so clumsy and awkward. 
Catching criminals suits you better. Dancing isn’t your thing!” Mila teased as she twirled with Asher. 
Ralph shrugged indifferently. “Even if I dance well, what’s the use? It won’t help me catch criminals. Do 
you think dancing for them will make them surrender on the spot?” 
Mila countered with a smirk, “If you could really do that, it would great. It would save us from using 
knives and guns. Just scare th to death on the dance floor!” 
The mother and son bantered, bringing continuous laughter to the crowd. 
Meanwhile, Roza sat alone in the corner, sipping her drink. She watched the joyful and warm family, 
and her eyes gradually reddened with tears. 
“Ms. Walker.” 
Lost in thought, Roza quickly lifted her gaze. Axel appeared out of nowhere and stood in front of her. 
He wore a sunny smile and extended his right hand like a fine gentleman.
###chapter680
“May I have this dance?” Axel asked as Roza stood up gracefully. She placed her slender hand in his 
palm. 
“Of course,” she replied. 
Under the soft glow of the lights, Axel furrowed his brows. The glint of tears in Roza’s eyes caught his 
attention. Unconsciously, he tightened his grip on her hand, causing her heart to skip a beat. 
Instinctively, she tried to pull her hand away. 
“What’s the matter? Are you having second thoughts?” Axel raised an eyebrow, his tone growing more 
serious. 
“No… But why are you grabbing my hand?” Roza expressed her discontent. 
“If I don’t grab your hand, then should I grab your foot instead?” Axel found her question amusing and 
playfully teased her. 
“You…!” Roza intended to retort, but to her surprise, Axe her slender waist and smoothly spun her 
around. 
Her vision spun, and in the blink of an eye, she found herself with Axel to the rhythm of the music. 
“Were you crying earlier?” Axel asked in a hushed tone as he wrapp his hand around her waist. He 
gazed into her slightly reddened eye 
“Who was crying? I was just tired, yawned a couple of times, and tears came out.” Roza dismissed his 
question, trying to appear tough as she tried to cover up the truth.
“Oh. I might have misunderstood.” 
“What do you mean you might have? You definitely misunderstood!” Roza responded with frustration, 
clenching her teeth. “Your eyesight isn’t even that great! Otherwise, you wouldn’t have crashed into my 
car.” 
“Oh, I forgot to tell you something,” Axel said casually. 
“What is it?” 
Axel turned gracefully as he spun her around. “After you left, I reported the incident to the traffic police. 
They have confirmed that the accident was entirely your fault, Ms. Walker.” 
Furious, Roza glared at him while nervously biting her lips. 
“By the way, the insurance company will reach out to you tomorrow. 
You don’t have to compensate me for mental stress. Just fix my car.” 
With a playful grin, Axel moved closer to her, his face near her blushing cheeks. “Save yourself the 
money.” 
‘Ugh! How could such a shameless man exist in this world?’ 
Roza roared in her heart, wanting to crush his feet with her high heels! 
Since the beginning of the dance, Christopher remained by his mother’s side without stepping away. 
However, his eyes continuously scanned the entire venue in search of Bella’s presence. 
Yet, Bella was nowhere to be found. Justin was also missing!
Christophe couldn’t help but feel anxious. There was a feeling of pressures commis chest that made it 
difficult to breathe.e. 
"Christopher, you don’t need to worry about me. Go quicickly and find Bella.” 
Sophie wassimaclear state of mind and looked at her son within quilt “T 
know that you have liked Bella for a long time. Go and dance with her. 
t’s a great opportumiw.” 
‘Don’t linger around anoto tady like me. Go on.” 
‘Mom, you’re avethiming it. I’m more than happy to stay here withth 
you. 
Christopher kneeled to comfort his mother, smiling gently. “There’s’s 
plenty of time for me and Balta.” 
‘Christopher!” 
Christopher abruptly looked up. nis gaze turning icy. 
Sophie recognized the familianwatce, and it sent shivers dow 
spine. Trembling, she quickly moves mco her son’s comforting 
embrace. 
“Christopher! Come out! I need to talk to you”Lance demanded
a stern and angry gaze. 
Christopher confronted his father with acuit and sinister tone. “Dad, 
are you getting so old that you have lest your eyesight? Your wife is Fight here. Are you glaring at me 
because youcam see?”
###chapter681
“You brat! How dare you speak to your own father like that?” Lance was furious. If it were not for the 
crowd of guests, he would have slapped some sense into Christopher by now! 
Aside from Wyatt Thompson, most of the older folks at the party believed in a strict approach to 
teaching. 
Top-notch people did not need much guidance, but average folks 
needed some rules. Meanwhile, troublemakers need to be seriously 
disciplined. 
Dealing with his son required even more than that. Christopher 
needed to be taught a lesson he would never forget! 
“If you showed some respect for my mother, maybe we can still 
salvage what’s left of our relationship. But if you keep this up, I’ve got 
harsher words for you,” Christopher said with a smirk. 
His smile seemed mocking, yet his gaze was dead serious. 
The fake smile made Lance feel uneasy. 
At the end of the hallway, the two Iverson men confronted each other 
on the terrace. 
 
The temperature outside couldn’t match the heated tension between 
them. 
“What do you want?” Lance questioned him, his face as cold as frost. 
“I didn’t know the true value of the gift I gave to Madam Celeste. If you think my gift outshone yours and 
hurt your pride, then I 
apologize,” Christopher said dismissively. “After all, ignorance is 
bliss, right?” 
“That’s not the issue!” Lance stepped forward, his eyes filled with anger. “Why did you bring her to such 
an occasion? Are you trying to embarrass me or provoke me intentionally?” 
Christopher burst into laughter. “I thought it was something 
important, but it turns out to be just this.” 
“Christopher!” Lance clenched his fists, his eyes turning red. 
“Do you now find my mother repulsive? She’s the one you promised to grow old with, through good 
times and tough times.” Christopher’s eyes reddened. “You ignored her for fifteen years in Sentania. 
Now 
that I’m taking care of her, who are you to call her disgusting? I 
haven’t disrespected you, and that’s just me fulfilling my duty as a 
son.” 
 
“You animal!” Lance finally became furious and slapped Christopher. 
Christopher’s cheek instantly swelled with his father’s handprint. Yet 
he still smiled, his eyes almost bloodthirsty. “Dad, you’ve gotten weak 
lately. That slap was weaker than before. Don’t my brothers usually 
help you stay strong?” 
“Shut up, you animal!” Lance pointed angrily at his defiant son. “Take 
your mother and leave now! If you don’t, I’ll send someone to take her 
away and send her back to Sentania!” 
“How dare you!” Christopher clenched his fists with veins bulging on 
his forehead. His fierce side sharply contrasted with his usual 
calmness in front of Bella. “Tonight, I won’t hesitate to kill anyone 
who dares to touch my mother!” 
“You!” Lance’s eyes narrowed sharply. 
He truly felt a chilling, murderous intent coming from his son’s 
intense, bloodshot eyes. 
 
“As long as the Iversons are allowed to be here, my mother has the right to stay too. And tonight, you 
saw that both my mother and I are guests of Ms. Bella. If you kick my mother out, it’s disrespectful to 
Ms. Bella. Whatever plans you have won’t work if you offend her.” 
Christopher didn’t want more words with this scheming old man and 
turned to leave. 
“I never betrayed your mother. It was she who destroyed our 
marriage, making me look like a bad guy! And because of that, I lost a daughter!” 
Lance couldn’t hold back and yelled, “If she didn’t have an affair with some random guy, she wouldn’t 
have had a miscarriage! She could 
have been the respected Mrs. Iverson, not a laughingstock!” 
“I believe in my mother’s character. She loved you deeply and would 
never want another man.” 
Christopher was on the verge of losing control. His shoulders shook, and his hoarse voice expressed 
deep anguish and resentment. 
“I’ve said it many times before. James, Charles, and Astrid-your most trusted children-conspired 
against my mother! Without investigating the truth or listening to my mother’s explanation, you just sent 
her away to that dreadful place. Marrying you was the worst 
 
thing that happened to my mother!” 
“Sparing her and keeping her as Mrs. Iverson was already showing enough respect! I caught them red- 
handed with my own eyes! What more does she need to explain?” Lance could not reel back his anger, 
and his face turned red. 
Recalling the awful incident from years ago, Lance wished he could 
strangle Sophie then and there. Now, he still had to deal with this little 
troublemaker right in front of him! 
“Idiot.” Christopher sneered, muttering under his breath, then turned 
away again. 
In truth, he had no intention of bringing up this painful matter. Each 
recount of his mother’s humiliation reopened old wounds. This time, 
it was just an impulsive response. 
He had long given up on expecting Lance to realize the truth about his 
three scheming children. It didn’t matter to him anymore because all 
of them would soon face their downfall. 
 
###chapter682
In the beautiful suite, there was a slightly awkward yet exciting vibe. 
Soft light filled the room, highlighting the closely intertwined figures 
of Bella and Justin. 
Justin held Bella so tightly that she could hardly breathe. With a gasp, 
she wriggled in his arms, her cheeks blushing with warmth. 
“If you don’t let go, I might actually hit you!” 
Even in her anger, Bella’s voice sounded like she was playing around. 
“Bella, would you really hit me?” Justin’s jaw lightly brushed against 
her shoulder, his eyes narrowing. Her blush added to the charm. 
“What’s there to hesitate about? You’re not that important to me,” 
Bella said coldly, but a tingling feeling ran through her body. 
” 
Justin’s eyes brimmed with affection, and his voice was hoarse. “ 
After all, I kind of saved your life.” 
Bella slightly closed her eyes. The warmth in her chest made it
difficult for her to breathe. 
Justin had indeed saved her life. However, what he didn’t realize was 
that she had once been his savior too. 
Justin felt anxious when Bella was silent. He thought he might have 
said something wrong, so he quickly added, “Bella, I wasn’t thinking when I said that. I’m nothing but 
your pet, your personal dog.” 
Upon hearing this, Bella bit her lip tightly, nearly bursting into laughter! 
The prideful Justin was willing to be her pet?! Just picture the envy of 
all the women in Savrow when they find out! 
Chapte 
“How about you bark a couple of times for me?” Bella played along, 
making a somewhat cheeky request. 
She said it as a joke. At this point, she had no intention of getting 
involved with Justin any further. So she might as well play the villain 
and tease him a bit to vent her frustrations. 
“Woof, woof!” 
Bella was shocked.
“Woof, woof!” 
Worried that she might not have heard clearly, Justin barked a couple 
more times. 
Honestly, the initial barks left his cheeks burning with 
embarrassment. But as he barked a couple more times, somehow he 
started to accept this strange turn of events. 
Chauwr 623 
As long as Bella was happy, Justin did not care if he had to bark all 
night. 
“Justin, seriously. Are you crazy?” Bella could not stand it any longer. She felt extremely embarrassed. 
“If I told you to bark, you’d bark. What if I asked you to die? Would you actually do it?” 
“I don’t want to die. If I die, I won’t be able to see you again.” 
Justin gently turned Bella around, and their eyes met. In his gaze, she 
felt a wave of intense emotions, vulnerable and exposed. 
“Justin,” Bella said. 
Before she could finish her sentence, Justin interrupted by removing
his tie. He handed it to her. “Lead me home, Bella.” 
Bella stared blankly at the tie, feeling confused. 
Justin gulped, his eyes fixed on her seductive red lips, leaning in 
closer. His vision blurred, and his heart raced uncontrollably. 
Suddenly, the phone rang! 
As if waking from a dream, Bella pushed Justin away and turned to 
answer the phone. 
“Steve? What’s the matter?” 
“Ms. Bella! Where are you?” Steven’s voice anxiously rang out. 
“I’m at the hotel, dealing with some matters. Did something happen?”
###chapter683
Bella asked nervously. 
“Yes, it’s about Madam Celeste! Something happened to Madam 
Celeste!” 
“Hurry, tell me! What happened to Aunt Celeste?” Bella was extremely 
anxious. 
Justin moved close behind her, also becoming nervous. 
“Just 10 minutes ago, a bunch of old scandals about Madam Celeste’s past surfaced online! 
There are news articles, photos, and even videos!” 
Bella’s heart sank. “How are the people reacting to this?” 
“More and more people are tuning in! The photos and videos have already gone viral!” 
“What about Aunt Celeste? Is she aware?” 
“Of course she’s aware! Not only that, the media in the entire city i swarming to the KS World Hotel!” 
Steven, in his urgency, felt as if his throat was on fire. 
“Madam Celeste can’t stay here any longer. Chairman Thompson has 
asked her and Ms. Amelia to head home first. He wants you to escort 
 
them back to Hatchbay.”. 
“The banquet here will be managed by Chairman Thompson and Mr. 
Asher. If everyone leaves together, it’ll seem like we’re hiding 
something, and things will spiral out of control.” 
“I understand. I’ll find Aunt Celeste and Amelia right away! Send me 
those photos and videos, and quickly find out where these photos and videos surfaced from!” Bella was 
furious and bit her red lips 
fiercely. 
“If I catch the person behind this, I’ll make sure they regret it!” 
Bella’s phone vibrated. Steve had sent the videos and photos over She immediately opened up the 
chat and took a closer look. Instantly, her entire body shook with anger, her eyes ablaze. 
“Bella, are you alright?” 
Justin was about to approach Bella when she suddenly screamed,” It’s none of your business!” 
 
###chapter684
Justin was shocked. His hands paused abruptly in midair. He initially reached out to comfort Bella. 
“I can see that you’re in a hurry. I only wanted to…” 
“I’ll say it one more time. It’s none of your business!” Bella was not in the mood to entertain him any 
further. 
She quickly moved away from him, glancing at her phone while 
sprinting out of the room. 
-Bang! The door was slammed shut behind her. 
In an instant, the warmth that Justin felt had vanished. Everything 
that had just happened felt like a dream. 
Even the priceless antique he had gifted her was left behind. To Bella her family was the most 
important. Nothing else mattered. 
Justin felt an overwhelming sadness in his heart. However, he knew it 
wasn’t the time to wallow in sadness. He opened the door and left the 
room. 
“Mr. Salvador! I just saw Ms. Thompson storm out. Did you upset 
her?” lan asked with genuine concern, giving him a somewhat
disapproving look. After all, Justin was known for being cruel with his 
words. 
“Bella is facing some trouble,” Justin responded, his gaze intense. 
“Oh? That explains the commotion downstairs earlier.” lan quickly 
pulled out his phone, swiping his thumbs across the screen. Suddenly, his brow furrowed. “Mr. 
Salvador, take a look at this!” 
Justin’s dark eyes focused on the video playing on the phone screen. His handsome brows furrowed, 
and he snatched the phone. 
The footage was from years ago. The blurry pixels made it unclear, yet it was undoubtedly a video of 
Celeste on stage. She appeared embarrassed, covering her lower body with her hands as fluid 
streamed down her slender legs. 
The audience below stared fixedly at her, letting out shocked gasps. Several cameras were flashing 
continuously, capturing the moment. 
“My mother was a big fan of Madam Celeste back then. She 
mentioned how Madam Celeste’s career took a hit due to a drug abuse scandal. When she was 
performing at TS Gem Channel, she even had an incident where she lost control and peed herself.” 
lan couldn’t stand to watch the video. “But back then, the internet
wasn’t as advanced and most phones couldn’t record videos, so news didn’t spread so quickly. Being a 
hardcore fan of Madam Celeste, my mother was camped out at the TS Gem station and saw it 
with her own eyes.” 
Justin listened, feeling uneasy. He could empathize with her pain. 
Celeste was a glamorous celebrity Falling from such heights must 
have destroyed her dignity. 
The embarrassment must have been worse than death for her. 
“I heard from my mom that all the newspapers and magazines had headlines about Madam Celeste’s 
disgrace, covering everything. It 
was everywhere, like you could find one just by going downstairs to 
throw out the trash. However, within a few hours, all those 
newspapers and magazines disappeared! No one knew who took 
them away, and they were never found again.” 
Justin squinted his eyes, comprehending the gravity of the situation. 
It was undoubtedly Chairman Thompson pulling the strings. Only 
someone as powerful as Chairman Thompson could quickly erase all
the negative coverage about Celeste from national newspapers and 
magazines. 
“Only today, the scandal went viral. It seems the mastermind behind 
this has been plotting for a long time. They are even quite skilled to have obtained the video that 
Chairman Thompson had erased years ago.” 
Justin was calm and composed despite his earlier rejection by Bella. 
He analyzed the situation calmly. “The person who released this 
video is either an insider from the TS Gem Channel or someone 
connected to Madam Celeste’s past.” 
“Mr. Salvador, you’re really sharp!” lan continued to flatter Justin. 
“Find out where this video originated from immediately. Check who released this video-an influencer or 
a journalist. Anyone even 
remotely connected to this matter should be identified and detained.” 
Justin instructed, his expression determined. 
“Yes, Mr. Salvador!” 
With the instructions given, Justin swiftly walked away, sweeping 
past lan.
###chapter685
“Mr. Salvador! Where are you going?” lan hurriedly asked. 
Justin halted his steps. He said without turning back, “Bella went to 
help her family. I need to go and protect her.” 
It did not matter whether she loved him or not. Regardless of whether 
he held a place in her heart, Justin wanted her to be a part of his life. 
That was enough for him. 
When Celeste’s past scandals suddenly resurfaced, it stirred up a 
storm. Someone was manipulating the media behind the scenes to 
publicize her embarrassing past. 
Reporters swarmed to the KS World Hotel like flies. 
The public opinion took a clear shift. 
[Unbelievable! You can actually watch the ugly side of a o 
popular female celebrity for free?] 
ly 
[Seriously! What’s this? People usually shed tears during their
farewell performances, but she peed?] 
[You youngsters might not have heard, but I’ve got some inside 
information. Celeste was suspected of drug abuse, which led to he downfall in the entertainment 
industry!] 
[It’s unbelievable! Is it true?!] 
[Does Chairman Thompson still want a woman like her? The 
Thompson family is a top-notch elite family. Why are they putting up with all sorts of dirty things?] 
[Sigh, they even threw a birthday banquet for such a woman. I bet the Thompsons are regretting it!] 
As Bella ran toward the banquet hall, she read through the rumors 
online. 
The more she read, the more infuriated she became. Her beautiful 
eyes turned red from anger. 
Outside the banquet hall, Asher, Axel, and Ralph stood at the door 
while intensely discussing something. 
“Ash, Ax, Ralph!” Bella urgently called. 
“Bella!” they responded in unison.
“Where’s Aunt Celeste? Where is she now? What’s the situation?” 
Bella was breathing heavily, and her forehead was covered sweat, 
“Dad has already sent a group of bodyguards to escort 
Asher hurriedly approached Bella. He pulled out a handkerc 
his pocket to wipe his sister’s sweat. “They should be in the underground parking lot by now. We need 
to stay here to handle things.” 
“What about Aunt Celeste? How is she?” Bella brushed aside Ashe 
hand. She was solely focused on Celeste. 
The three brothers exchanged glances and shook their heads. 
“When Aunt Celeste left, her face was pale, and she was trembling . She must have been severely 
shocked.” Axel sighed with frustration.” 
After all, that incident has always traumatized her. It must have been 
twice as traumatizing for it to be brought up on such an important day.” 
“I’ve had enough of this!” Ralph was so enraged that he pulled his 
hair. “I’m calling the police station now. I’m going to ask the senior
officials from the Cyber Security department to help me find out 
which damn son of a gun is behind this.” 
“Ralph, calm down.” Asher firmly intervened. “You’re a public servant. 
Even if this matter becomes a big deal, it’s still a family matter. You can’t abuse your power. Otherwise, 
you’re making a serious mistake.” 
Ralph was taken aback for a moment, snapping out of his anger. 
He was a rash young man. Sometimes he struggled to control his impulsiveness. Had Asher not 
reminded him in time, he might have taken the wrong path. 
In their moment of frustration, there was suddenly a loud shatter. 
Bella punched the glass door of a fire hydrant. It shattered to p and the glass fell all over the floor. 
“Bella! You can’t do that!” They hurried over to check on Bella. T three brothers were usually calm and 
collected in their own areas d expertise, but in front of their little sister, they were like a bunch of 
headless chickens.
###chapter686
“Bella, you’re bleeding!” Axel saw blood dripping from Bella’s fingers. 
He exclaimed, almost on the verge of tears, “Call an ambulance! 
Hurry, call an ambulance!” 
“It’s just a minor injury. What’s the fuss about? You really haven’t 
seen anything.” 
Bella’s beautiful eyes flickered with a chilling light, and her hand 
flashed in front of Axel. 
Swish- 
In that instance, Bella pulled off Axel’s tie and skillfully wrapped it 
around her injured right hand. 
“Damn! That’s so cool!” Ralph mumbled, completely mesmerized by 
Bella. 
“Bella, calm down.” Asher looked heartbroken. He gently cradled 
Bella’s hand wrapped in the tie. His eyes were filled with reproa 
Are you silly? No matter how angry or anxious you are, you can’t ha
yourself. Our family is here together. Is there any problem that can 
be solved?” 
“You guys, stay here and find out who is behind this as soon as 
possible! Leave Aunt Celeste and Amelia to me. I will bring them 
home safely!” Bella shouted as she sprinted away. 
“Hey! Bella! Your hand is injured!” Axel could not stop her. She had 
long disappeared from their sight. 
Ralph shook his head helplessly. “She’s even more impulsive than 
me.” 
“Let’s not hold Bella back. She has skills, intelligence, and medical 
knowledge. The three of us combined are not even a tenth of her.” 
Asher patted Axel’s and Ralph’s shoulders with a soft sigh. 
“If she doesn’t personally handle this matter, she won’t be able to sit still. Just let her handle it. As her 
brothers, we will secretly protect 
her.”
Bella did not have time to see Wyatt. She sprinted to the underground 
parking lot. 
“Ms. Thompson! You can’t go over there!” Unexpectedly, the 
Thompson family’s bodyguards intercepted her halfway. 
Bella said sharply, “Get out of my way!” 
“Chairman Thompson said the parking lot is chaotic right now, s 
shouldn’t get too close. Our security team will escort Madam Cel 
and Ms. Amelia out safely.” 
“I don’t trust you!” With her remarkable agility, Bella avoided the two bodyguards and continued running 
forward. 
A few minutes later, she found her family surrounded by reporters. 
“Ms. Celeste! What are your thoughts on tonight’s events?!” 
“Are the videos and photos true?! Is the scandal from back then true?!” 
“Can you clarify?!” 
The crowd was chaotic, with people pushing and shoving. The 
reporters seemed determined to hound Celeste until they had torn her
apart! 
Amelia held onto her mother tightly, while Sasha and Mila stood in 
front. They acted as a barrier against the surging crowd. 
“Don’t spread baseless rumors! I’m warning you. If you spread false information, we will sue you!” 
Sasha yelled at the questioning 
reporters, wishing she could knock some sense into each one of 
them! 
“All of you, please leave! There won’t be any answers, and there won’t 
be any clarification ! Because Celeste has a clear conscience!” Mila, 
though more composed than Sasha, was also on the verge of 
exploding. 
“Clear conscience? Madam Mila, even though the incident from years 
ago is long past, it doesn’t mean everyone who knew the truth bas 
died!” 
Suddenly, a middle-aged male reporter with a lecherous smile sa 
was present during the TS anniversary celebration. I personally witnessed Madam Celeste’s 
incontinence on stage.” 
The reporters burst into laughter. Who would have connected the
once dazzling actress with the word “incontinence”?
###chapter687
The reporters chuckled. Their gaze was full of malicious intentions, mockery, disdain, and loathing. 
Celeste could feel every mocking gaze that was directed at her like a 
stab to her heart. She felt as if her heart were crushed. 
“Mom, don’t be afraid. I’ll protect you!” Amelia tightly hugged her 
mother, shielding her from their sinister gazes. 
The normally shy and cautious Amelia now had a resolute gaze. She whispered in Celeste’s ear, “I’ll 
never let anyone harm you.” 
“Amelia, I’m fine… I’m fine…” Celeste shook her head with a vacant expression. Her once-clear eyes 
are now muddled and chaotic. 
Seeing this, Amelia felt her heart ache. Tears involuntarily streamed 
down her face, freezing in her mother’s hair. 
“What did you say? I dare you to say it again?!” Sasha pointed di 
at the journalist’s face. Her face turned red with anger! 
Another journalist mocked. “Madam Sasha, this matter has nothi 
to do with you. Why are you so angry?” 
‘These journalists were likely sent to cause trouble!’ Sasha’s eyebrows furrowed, instantly seeing 
through the situation.
“Why wouldn’t I be angry?! Celeste is family to me. Insulting her is equivalent to insulting me!” Sasha 
said indignantly, wishing she could 
break his ribs! 
The journalist sneered. “Family? In front of the media, you might appear to be a loving family, but who 
knows what’s going on behind 
the cameras?” 
“Madam Sasha, when it comes to affluent families, as journalists, we 
have seen it all. Which woman doesn’t feel jealous or compete for 
attention? If it weren’t for necessity, who would willingly share a 
husband with other women?” 
“I…!” Sasha almost cursed out loud, but Mila signaled her to keep quiet. They represented the 
Thompson family when out in public. 
They had to keep in mind the consequences of their every action, as it 
could cause trouble for Wyatt and Asher. 
“Sasha, let’s go. Don’t stoop to their level,” Mila turned around, pulling 
Sasha toward the car. 
The middle-aged journalist started to sneer. “After all, Madam Celeste
was once the leading actress in the entertainment industry. She st 
be ashamed of herself for quitting due to drug-related complica 
Before he finished speaking, he saw a blur in front of him! 
Everyone was shocked! 
No one saw how Bella appeared out of nowhere. She arrived like 
lightning bolt and stood in front of her family. 
The male journalist got a clear view of Bella’s stunning face and was 
deeply stunned. ‘She’s so beautiful. How could there be such a 
beautiful woman in the world?’ 
He had seen many charming actresses and celebrities in his career in 
the entertainment industry. But he had never seen a woman as 
beautiful as Bella. She was the definition of a femme fatale. 
“So, you’re the one insulting Aunt Celeste. Your mouth is full of shit.” Bella smiled coldly. Not waiting for 
him to reply, she grabbed his 
collar and raised her other hand high. 
In front of all the reporters, she ruthlessly delivered a resounding slap
across the man’s face. 
Everyone was stunned, including the Thompsons. 
“Bella…” Amelia froze. At this moment, her admiration for Bella 
skyrocketed. 
“Damn! You’re awesome, Bella!” Sasha applauded fervently. She wanted to rush over and give him a 
piece of her mind too, but Mila quickly hugged her tightly. 
“You… How dare you hit me? How dare you publicly assault 
someone!” The man held his stinging face and stared at Bella in 
panic.
###chapter688
“Just hitting you isn’t enough. I’m going to sue you and take legal action against you. I’ll make you pay 
for your despicable actions.” 
Bella showed no hint of fear. Her voice was icy and cold. “You are spreading false rumors and causing 
trouble unnecessarily. Without knowing the truth, you fabricated stories and defamed my family. You 
even slandered Aunt Celeste’s reputation. Don’t think that just because you’re a journalist, you can say 
whatever you want. Just because the people you’ve harmed before chose not to make a fuss, do you 
believe you’re untouchable? Tonight, I will thoroughly change your mindset. I’ll let everyone with 
malicious intentions know what the consequences should be.” 
Everyone was awed by Bella’s imposing attitude. Clearly, she was the one in the wrong for striking him. 
But she was so beautiful and valiant, it made it hard for others to hate her even if she comm 
crime. 
“Fabricated stories?” The enraged journalist burst into mocking laughter. “Only the younger journalists 
don’t know what happened the TS Gem Channel anniversary celebration. The rest know exactly what 
happened. Even if the internet wasn’t as advanced at that time, 
we all still have our memories.” 
“Is that so? You may have your memories, but do you have evidence?” Bella’s tone remained calm, 
and her gaze was cold and intimidating. 
The man’s confidence wavered as he visibly softened under the direct 
scrutiny.
“What’s the matter? You were quite articulate when asking questions just now. What happened? Cat 
got your tongue?” Bella glanced at his press pass. “Alright, adults should be responsible for their words 
and actions. The legal department of KS Group will be contacting you.” 
The man was visibly shaking in fright. 
After saying that, she turned and escorted her family toward the car. 
“Bella, you really don’t need to do this for me.” Celeste held onto the 
edge of Bella’s clothes. Her eyes were red, and her face was pale. 
“What are you talking about, Aunt Celeste?” Bella gazed at her 
reassuringly. “If a dog comes to bite you, as your family, I must help 
you fend it off. It’s too inconvenient for Aunt Mila and Aunt Sasha to get involved. I’m young and 
unafraid of stirring up trouble. I have no 
reservations.” 
At that moment, a series of exclamations erupted from the crowd! 
A man wearing a black mask and a baseball cap suddenly ch 
out of the crowd, shouting, 
“Celeste! You shameless woman! How dare you show your face?! 
to hell!”
In the midst of chaos, the man wielded an iron rod, swinging it 
directly at Celeste’s head. 
“Watch out!” Amelia’s heart stopped in fear as she shouted. 
Although the bodyguards were well-trained, this man was no pushover. With swift and precise 
movements, he caught them off 
guard. 
However, Bella reacted instantly. In the split second before the 
menacing man closed in, she turned and tightly hugged Celeste, shielding her from the attack. 
“Bella!” Both Mila and Sasha exclaimed in shock. 
Bella’s heart pounded wildly as she closed her eyes, ready to endure 
the impending blow. 
Bang-! 
“Ugh!” 
The sensation of pain did not follow. 
Instead, what followed was the familiar sound of a man’s labored 
breathing. The sound was like an explosion in Bella’s ears.
She was shocked. 
“Justin!” 
Justin had taken the blow for her. 
Bella slowly turned to face him, tears pouring out of her reddened 
eyes.
###chapter689
Justin’s broad and tall figure shielded her. His breath gradually 
weakened, becoming more labored. 
“Bella… Are you okay?” 
“Are you a fool?! At a time like this, I should be asking you that.” Bella 
growled at him, her voice low as tears welled in her eyes. 
Justin’s head throbbed, his vision becoming increasingly blurry. 
Despite that, he still smiled tenderly at her. “If you’re concerned about 
me, then I’ll…” 
Suddenly, Justin’s mind went blank, and everything went dark before 
him. 
Bella’s heart raced. She opened her arms and embraced his faltering 
figure, hoarsely calling out his name 
“Justin!” 
1 
*
The thug who attempted to harm Celeste was promptly subdued by the Thompson family’s bodyguards 
and taken to the police station by Ralph. 
As the man was escorted into the police car, Bella unexpectedly dashed over, her eyes red. She was 
ready to physically confront the 
man. 
Ralph promptly held her back, whispering in her ear, both coaxing and 
advising, “Bella! Leave it to me. Let me handle this scum! Don’t dirty 
your hands with such filth. It’s not worth it!” 
“I’m going to kill him… I’m going to kill him!” 
Bella’s beautiful eyes teared up, almost hysterically struggling in 
Ralph’s embrace, still wanting to hit the man. 
Asher and Axel rushed over, both equally stunned by the scene. 
They knew that even though their younger sister had a fiery temper, she was a strong-willed person 
who remained calm even in the face 
of storms. They had never seen her lose control like this before. 
The man was handcuffed and seated in the police car. Before the car drove away, he even leaned out, 
revealing a sinister smirk directed at
Bella. 
“Ralph! Make sure not to go easy on him. Absolutely not!” Bella was consumed by anger. She hated 
the man to the point that her eyes. 
turned bloodshot. 
“Don’t worry, Bella.” Ralph nodded firmly and then boarded the 
car. 
Bella stood in the cold wind with clenched fists. 
“Bella.” Asher walked over, embracing Bella’s shoulder and pulling her into a comforting hug. 
7 
“Justin has already been taken to the nearest hospital in an 
ambulance. Dad went there as soon as he heard. He’ll arrange for the 
best doctors. Justin will be fine.” 
“Yeah, Bella.” Axel joined in to console, “That guy used to be in the 
military. He’s tough as nails. It’s probably just a few bruises. He can 
handle it.” 
“Handle it?”
Bella felt a sharp pain in her chest, nearly biting her teeth to pieces. ” That was an iron rod! No matter 
how tough he is, he’s still a human. It’s fortunate that he didn’t die on the spot from a blow to the head 
with an iron rod. How can he handle that?!” 
Axel’s eyes narrowed. Realizing it was not a good time for jokes, he 
felt a twinge of guilt. 
“I know all the doctors at our hospital. Who among them can be better than me?” Bella took a deep 
breath, breaking free from her big brother’s embrace. “I’m going to the hospital now. If anything 
happens to Justin, that thug is done for!” 
Watching the stubborn figure of his younger sister leave, the two 
brothers sighed. 
Axel asked anxiously. “Ash, did I say something wrong just now?” 
Asher answered, “Yes. Regardless, Justin also saved Bella. Beside he’s in critical condition now. You 
shouldn’t joke about it.” 
“Sigh, my bad, my bad… I know we owe a lot to Justin. Without him, it would be Bella being rushed to 
the hospital. But my mouth works faster than my brain, and I didn’t mean any harm.” 
Axel regretted it more and more. He was almost on the verge of tears. “Ash, you have to help me… I’m 
really afraid Bella will be mad at me!” 
“Don’t worry, that won’t happen. Bella doesn’t hold grudges against 
us.”
###chapter690
Asher’s expression turned serious as he patted Axel on the shoulder. 
“However, when you mention Justin’s name in front of Bella in the future, don’t overemphasize his 
nickname, Jerkface Justin. Be mindful of your words.” 
Axel realized what Asher meant, and a mix of emotions stirred within him. He nodded in understanding. 
On the second floor of the KS World Hotel, Christopher stood at the railing, overlooking the hurried 
figures of Wyatt and Nigel below. The mirrored gaze in his eyes swept across with a chilling gloom. 
“Mr. Iverson.” 
His secretary approached from behind, leaning in to speak in a hushed tone. “I’ve found out. Ms. Bella 
almost got attacked by a t in the parking lot while protecting Madam Celeste. But Justin Salvador 
suddenly appeared and took a blow to his head.” 
Christopher furrowed his brows. 
“His head… My goodness, he really is daring! Has he been practicing the Iron Head technique ?” The 
secretary shuddered at the thought. 
“Say what you need to say, and keep quiet about what you shouldn’t.” 
Christopher coldly reprimanded him 
The secretary was petrified, tightly sealing his lips. 
“What happened next? Did he collapse on the spot?” Christopher asked with a dark tone.
“No… But he fell into a severe coma because his head was bleeding heavily.” 
“What about Bella?” 
The secretary nervously swallowed. “Ms. Thompson went to the hospital with him…” 
“Good… Very good. Hahaha!” A cold, eerie laughter emerged from Christopher. The corners of his 
eyes reddened. His smile turned sinister, looking like a wild beast on the verge of losing control. 
‘Justin, I love it when someone plays with me. Are you really willing to go to such lengths for Bella and 
repeatedly play the victim card to gain her sympathy? I’ll let you revel in your triumph for a moment. 
Soon, I will make all your efforts go down the drain. As long as I liv you will never be able to win back 
Bella’s heart!’ 
Justin was rushed into the emergency room at the Thompsons’ hospital for treatment. Wyatt and Asher 
personally assisted Nigel, hastily making their way to the hospital with their entourage. 
“Justin! Justin! My grandson!” 
Worried for his grandson, the elderly man stumbled along the way. If it weren’t for the support of the 
Thompson father and son, Nigel probably would not have been able to take a single step. 
“Old Master Nigel, rest assured! This hospital has the best doctors and the most advanced medical 
equipment in our group. I’ve also instructed Asher to notify them to get an expert to consult on Justin’s 
condition. We’ll come up with a solution that will work. Your grandson will be fine!” Wyatt was anxious 
too, but he tried his best to reassure Nigel. 
“How did he end up like this…? How did he turn out like this?!” Nigel sank into a chair, his heart heavy. 
Tears of deep sorrow welled up in his glassy eyes. “My dear grandson… You must hold on!”
“Grandpa…” 
Hearing the voice, everyone turned around. Bella, looking disheveled, rushed over. She walked over to 
Nigel and kneeled on one knee before him. 
“Grandpa Nigel…” 
Nigel was taken aback by her pale face and red eyes. 
“Grandpa Nigel, I’m sorry…” 
Bella felt like her throat was being strangled. After a moment, she spoke softly, full of guilt. “Justin is 
only like this because of me.”
###chapter691
“Bella, what are you saying?” Nigel was dumbfounded by Bella’s words. He stared blankly at her in 
disbelief. 
“The situation was extremely chaotic at that moment. Some thugs 
suddenly attacked us. I was preoccupied with protecting Aunt Celeste 
and was unable to free my hands to defend myself. Those thugs were 
skilled, and even our bodyguards couldn’t stop them…” 
Bella recalled the moment when Justin took a blow to the head for 
her. 
Her eyes were bloodshot, and her chest felt heavy, making her voice 
hoarse. “In that critical moment, Justin rushed out to protect me. If it 
weren’t for him, the one being treated right now would have been me. 
Grandpa Nigel… It’s all my fault. I reacted too slowly. You can scold 
me or hit me. This time, I owe it to Justin.” 
Wyatt saw his daughter humble herself like this for Justin, which pained him greatly. “Bella…” 
“Silly child, why are you so foolish!” 
Nigel’s eyes were filled with tears as he quickly helped Bella up. 
 
Whether it’s you or Justin, Grandpa will feel distressed if either of you gets hurt. If it were you lying 
inside, Grandpa would cry even more bitterly!” 
“Grandpa…” Bella was deeply moved. Her throat tightened, and she could hardly speak. 
“Bella, Justin took this blow for you. You mustn’t feel guilty or blame 
yourself.” 
Nigel gently stroked Bella’s soft hair, his aged eyes filled with 
tenderness for her. “That scoundrel treated you horribly for three 
whole years, betraying your heart. Now that he’s in this state, he 
deserves it. It’s his redemption! Don’t feel sorry for him. Let him take 
the blow so he can clear his head a bit!” 
Bella knew Grandpa was putting on a courageous act. After all, Justin 
was his biological grandson. How could he not feel hurt? 
“Old Master!” Matt hurriedly approached, looking concerned. “Mr. 
Gregory and Ms. Shannon have arrived.” 
Nigel’s expression darkened a bit. “Didn’t I say not to inform them for 
now?” 
“I did follow your instructions not to inform them, but with such a 
 
major incident, news spreads fast.” 
Before Matt could finish, a group of people approached them. 
“Justin! Where’s Justin?!” Gregory walked toward them while loudly 
inquiring. He rarely showed such concern for his second son. 
However, this time, Gregory was in panic upon hearing that Justin had taken a blow to the head with a 
metal rod and was bleeding 
profusely. Justin was hanging between life and death. 
The worry was etched all over Gregory’s face, and it seemed as if he 
was growing gray hair on his temples. 
Watching Gregory suddenly care so much about this illegitimate child, Shannon felt a burning hatred. 
At the moment, she could only pretend to show concern and joined in crying, “Justin! Justin!” 
Even Bethany couldn’t bear to watch, making a disgusted expression behind her mother, mocking the 
situation. 
“Why all the yelling? Are you a bloody banshee?!” Nigel, supported by Bella and Matt, stood up shakily. 
His irritation was evident in his voice. 
“Dad! How is Justin doing?!” Gregory anxiously asked. 
“He’s still getting treated. Getting anxious won’t help anyone. Just sit down and wait!” Nigel replied 
crudely. 
 
“Mr. Thompson! I heard my son ended up like this because he was protecting your daughter. How are 
you going to make it up to me?!” Gregory boldly approached Wyatt. If he weren’t a prominent figure in 
the business world, he might have grabbed Wyatt by his collar already. 
Seeing this, Asher quickly intervened. “Chairman Salvador, let’s handle this calmly.” 
“Calmly? If it were your son lying inside, would you still stay ca ?!” Gregory was thoroughly angered by 
the Thompson family. Ever his son divorced Bella Thompson, the Thompsons have been ca trouble 
one after another. Now, his son’s life was in jeopardy beca of that girl. How could he calm down? 
Shannon smirked inwardly, finding the situation amusing. 
Initially, her goal was to ruin Celeste. But unexpectedly, this illegitimate child willingly stepped forward 
to protect her. If he wanted to die so badly, she would gladly help him! 
“Chairman Salvador, I understand. But Justin is inside now. Shouting 
and causing a scene won’t solve any problems. Asher attempted to 
mediate the situation. 
 
###chapter692
At this point, Wyatt could only offer this consolation. 
“Ever since Thompson Hospital collaborated with the Larson family, it has become the top hospital in 
the country in terms of medical technology. Your son will receive the best treatment here, and he will 
surely get through this critical period.” 
Nigel pursed his lips and thought, ‘Best in the country? Salvador Hospital is also quite formidable! This 
old man is always boasting about being exceptional!’ 
Just then, the door to the emergency room opened. Two of the nation’s top experts in neurosurgery 
urgently emerged. Both had less- than-pleasant expressions. 
Bella became nervous and wanted to rush forward at the first opportunity, but a myriad of emotions 
held her back, preventing her. from taking that step. 
“Doctor! Doctor! How is my grandson’s condition?!” 
Nigel, supported by Gregory, rushed forward at the first opportunity Bella looked at Nigel’s trembling 
legs, and her heart ached as if it 
were tearing apart. 
The doctor’s expression was particularly grave. “Mr. Salvador’s current condition is very unfavorable. 
He has not yet escaped life- threatening danger.” 
It was as if a thunderbolt had struck the Salvador family members, and Nigel was on the verge of 
collapsing on the spot.
Gregory’s face turned deathly pale. “How… How could this happen?!” 
“If Mr. Salvador’s head had only suffered a recent impact, it would be 
relatively easier to handle. However, when we performed a CT scan 
on Mr. Salvador’s brain, we discovered an old injury. That means he 
had previously experienced head trauma. The blood clots had formed 
in his brain, which have not been completely cleared until now.” 
“Old… Injury?!” Nigel found it hard to believe. “My grandson is raised like a precious gem. How could 
he have an old injury? Who dares to harm my grandson?!” 
Bella’s heart pounded suddenly. Everything seemed as clear as day at 
that moment. 
Back when she was Justin’s wife, she had been helping him with acupuncture treatments for his head 
ailment. But every time she tried to inquire about his condition, he would turn impatient and refuse to 
discuss it. 
It turned out that he had suffered severe head trauma back in Kridor. 
Was that why he developed severe migraines? 
“Now, this blood clot has shifted and is compressing on his nerves we don’t remove the blood clot, 
there’s a risk of brain death.”
The doctor’s words thoroughly frightened Gregory and Nigel. 
Gregory felt his heart sinking, and Nigel was on the verge of collapsing in his son’s arms. 
“Justin! He’s so young… How did it come to this? Oh, heavens!” 
At this moment, Shannon burst into tears. She wept bitterly, accusing 
Bella while wiping her tears. “Ms. Thompson, all Justin did was 
divorce. 
In the three years of your marriage, has he ever 
mistreated you? Why won’t you let him go?! Justin did not even come 
to my birthday, but he went to celebrate Celeste’s birthday with your family. Now, he’s in this life-and- 
death situation! You’re deliberately making Justin’s life hell!” 
“Mrs. Salvador, what are you saying?” 
Asher, always composed and graceful, could not bear to see her 
sister wronged. He immediately stepped forward with a serious expression. “This marriage is a debt 
Justin owes my sister. The way 
my sister treated him is known to your family. We’re also concerned about Mr. Salvador’s condition, but 
don’t you dare use this 
opportunity to slander my sister and paint her as a wicked person.
Madam Shannon, if you utter another word, I cannot guarantee what I 
avor 
will say or do to you.” 
Wyatt nodded in agreement, silently moving to stand behind Bella, 
providing strong support. 
Shannon shuddered fiercely in her heart. But sensing that Gregory 
was still agitated, she bravely spoke. “Am I wrong? Reflect on 
yourselves! Has anything good come out of the days that Justin has 
been entangled with your sister? Your sister deliberately targeted 
Justin!” 
“You’ve got it all wrong! It was my grandson who pursued her. Shut 
your damn mouth!” Nigel was breathless but insisted on defending 
his beloved granddaughter, Bella. 
Shannon’s face resembled a spilled palette, a mix of red, white, and 
green. It was not a great color combination at all. 
Lore
“Doctor, what should we do now? How can my son wake up 
Gregory, no longer concerned about Bells only cared about Justin’s 
safety 
His eldest son was sickly so Gregory could not bear the thought of anything happening to Justin-his 
only healthy son-leaving him with 
no her 
Chap 07 
“Doctor, what should we do now? How can my son wake up?” 
Gregory, no longer concerned about Bella, only cared about Justin’s 
safety. 
His eldest son was sickly, so Gregory could not bear the thought of 
anything happening to Justin-his only healthy son-leaving him with 
no heir.
###chapter693
The doctor wiped away his sweat. “Mr. Salvador’s current condition. requires a craniotomy 
immediately.” 
Everyone was shocked. “Craniotomy?!” 
“Do it! If this can save him, then do the surgery!” Nigel decisively 
commanded. 
away 
“The problem is that we need to perform the surgery right But 
our hospital currently lacks a doctor who can confidently perform this 
operation.” 
Gregory angrily looked at Wyatt and said, “Chairman Thompson! 
Weren’t you just confidently claiming that you could save my son?! 
. What do we do now?” 
Wyatt frowned, speechless. 
“Who said we don’t have one?” Bella, with a calm expression. stepped forward. “I’ll perform Mr. 
Salvador’s surgery.” 
Everyone was immensely shocked; even Wyatt and Asher were
dumbfounded. 
They knew Bella had medical skills. Otherwise, she would not have joined Doctor Without Borders. But 
this was not a simple, ordinary 
surgery. It was a craniotomy! 
“What are you saying?” Gregory’s eyes widened, staring fixedly at 
Bella’s serious and beautiful face. 
Chopper 1 
“Bella! Can you perform a craniotomy?” Nigel’s eyes sparkled with 
revived hope. 
“Yes, Grandpa Nigel.” 
Bella forced a reassuring smile, moving forward to tightly grasp the 
old man’s hand. “Please trust me. I’ve got everything under control. I 
promise to return a lively and energetic grandson to you.” 
“You’re talking big. What if you can’t save Justin?” Bethany took the 
opportunity to taunt her. After all, such opportunities were rare. 
Bella’s icy, beautiful eyes slanted slightly, sweeping across Bethany’s
face like a cold breeze. 
“If I fail, I’ll twist my head off to compensate you all.” 
Everyone was stunned. 
Asher frowned, letting out a bitter laugh. ‘Oh, how gruesome.’ 
Ryan found out about Justin’s accident after the latter was admitted 
to the hospital. 
“Carrie, Justin had a bit of an accident. I’ll take you home first. Rest 
early, and please don’t wait up for me.” 
Ryan attentively helped Carrie put on the red cotton jacket brought 
over by Yasmin, wrapping her up tightly. His gentle and charming eyes radiated warmth. 
To avoid worrying Carrie, Ryan downplayed the severity of Justin’s 
situation. 
?
###chapter694
At this moment, Zoe stood beside her mother, dressed extravagantly like a true princess. The pitiful 
scene of her begging, crying, and 
apologizing to Ryan was nowhere to be seen. 
Instead, her gaze toward Carrie was sinister, as if she wished to pounce and bite off Carrie’s throat! 
“Mom, let me introduce you.” 
Zoe grinned insincerely, glaring at Carrie. “This is the one I told you 
I 
about, Ms. Carrie Salvador, my middle school classmate. She’s now my brother’s girlfriend, haha. Isn’t 
it coincidental?” 
Upon hearing the words “girlfriend”, Carrie’s heart felt like it had been pierced by sharp needles. 
Carrie’s small face blushed, and she shyly lowered her head. Intense 
self-doubt made her instinctively want to withdraw her hand from Ryan’s warm palm. But Ryan seemed 
to have read her inner thoughts 
and adamantly refused to let go. 
“Zoe, have you said enough?” The man’s eyes darkened slightly, a 
his voice carried a hint of anger. 
Zoe, backed by her mother, grinned recklessly. “Big brother, did I say 
 
something wrong? Why are you so angry? Or perhaps you only dare to 
keep Ms. Salvador outside as a secret lover, but don’t dare to bring 
her home for Mom to see? Deep down, you also look down on her 
because you know she’s not worthy of the Hoffman family, right?” 
“Zoe, shut up!” Ryan could not bear hearing someone humiliate his 
beloved woman in front of his family. 
His eyes turned red with anger. Yasmin stood behind them, clenching 
her fists. 
“Big brother, look at the way you’re getting mad.” Zoe chuckled. “If I hadn’t touched on your pain point, 
would you be this angry?” 
“I don’t have time to argue with you.” 
After all, Ryan was a grown man and could not shout at his sister in front of his mother. He suppressed 
his frustration and said in a deep 
voice, “Carrie, Yasmin, let’s go.” 
“Wait.” 
At this moment, the frosty-faced Claire suddenly spoke. Ryan halted in his steps, and he gripped 
Carrie’s hand even tighter, feeling the chill 
in his palms. 
 
Claire didn’t say much. She just wore a faint, almost imperceptible smile as she approached the couple 
who were deeply in love. This smile momentarily eased Ryan’s vigilance. 
Little did he know, as Claire reached Carrie, her eyes turned unexpectedly fierce, and she suddenly 
raised her hand. 
Smack! 
“Ah…!” Carrie’s head turned to the side, her cheeks stinging and 
throbbing. Tears of injustice filled her eyes. 
“Mom! What are you doing?!” 
Ryan’s narrow and astonished eyes instantly reddened with anger. 
Overwhelming fury threatened to engulf his reason. 
Yasmin clenched her fists, seething with indignation. Yet, as a 
subordinate of the Hoffman family, she dared not defy orders in front 
of Ryan’s mother. 
“Do you think you deserve to be with my son?” 
Claire ignored Ryan’s fury, coldly fixating on the silently weeping Carrie. “Don’t think that I’ll tolerate you 
dating my son just because you are from the Salvador family. I’m not even satisfied with your sister, 
Bethany. How could I possibly let you, an autistic woman, 
urs as soon as become my son’s wife? Stop this wishful thinking of 
 
possible!” 
“Mom! I won’t allow you to hurt Carrie. I don’t want you to say anything more!” 
Ryan stood in front of the tearful Carrie, his eyes filled with 
resentment and anger. His iron fists clenched tightly, ready to 
confront anyone who dared challenge him. “That’s if you still want me to acknowledge you as my 
mother!” 
Zoe covered her mouth in astonishment. 
She thought bringing their mother here would be the ultimate move 
Everyone in Savrow knew her big brother was a devoted son who 
listened to his mother’s words above all else. 
Unexpectedly, for Carrie’s sake, Ryan would rather quarrel with his mother. How could this happen?! 
“Ryan… Are you really going to disown me, your mother, for this 
mentally challenged girl?!” 
Claire’s chest heaved violently, her eyes full of pain 
“Carrie is not mentally challenged Carrie is the person I love!” 
Ryan took a step closer to Claire His restrained tone carried a hint of tremor, unable to conceal the 
imminent burning passion. “I love 
 
Carrie. Besides her, I don’t want anyone else. If you insult her again or hurt her once more, you’ll lose 
your only son 
“Ryan! Have you gone mad?! For this woman, you’re willing to forsake 
your own mother? 
 
###chapter695
Claire was nearly driven to madness. Her mind was in turmoil as she struggled to find the right words. 
Ryan, who was always an obedient son, became unfilial and rebellious after a few days of absence, all 
because of this foolish girl. 
“Ryan! You know Mom’s health is not good. How can you upset her like this?” Zoe supported Claire 
and changed her approach. “Ryan, how many women have you fooled around with since you were 
young? You change women like you change clothes! Your quarrel with Mom over Carrie is just a 
momentary whim! Once you’ve had your fill of playing and you recall the hurtful words you spoke to 
Mom today, you’ll regret it for the rest of your life.” 
Carrie stood quietly behind Ryan, clutching a teddy bear. 
Hearing these words, a sharp pain struck her heart, and she trembled, taking a step back. 
Her delicate, long lashes fluttered as she gazed at the man’s broad shoulders, sturdy waist, and 
handsome figure. 
Although this man provided her with a sense of security, for some unknown reason, she felt uneasy, 
confused, and fearful. 
“Mom, I’ve never asked you for anything or made any demands since I was young. Whatever you and 
Zoe wanted me to do or have, I have unconditionally fulfilled them or helped you achieve it.” Ryan 
clenched his hands tightly, his voice strained and hoarse. 
He said bitterly, “I’ve lived for 28 years. I want nothing but to be with 
Carrie. Can’t you…”
“No, you can’t.” Before Ryan could finish his sentence, Claire roared at him, “Unless I’m dead, you can 
forget about being with her… Forget about letting this mentally challenged woman marry into the 
Hoffman family!” 
Ryan’s eyes turned crimson. “Mom!” 
“You’re my only son and the hope of the entire Hoffman family! If you get involved with such a woman, 
how can I face your father after I die?” 
Claire was fuming. Her carefully maintained composure was on the verge of breaking. “Shannon and 
Bethany both plotted against Zoe! The apple doesn’t fall far from the tree! If her mother is like that, this 
girl is probably no good either. She’s just pretending to be innocent to deceive you!” 
Zoe feigned concern on the surface, but inside, she was laughing maniacally. 
“Mrs. Hoffman, you said that Ms. Salvador was a fool earlier. How can a fool deceive others? She’s 
only in a position to be deceived Yasmin could not stand it anymore and retorted with indifference. 
“Who do you think you are? Shut your mouth!” Zoe pointed her sharp finger at Yasmin. 
Zoe had long found Yasmin annoying, as the latter was always trailing behind her brother. Now was the 
perfect moment to vent her frustrations. 
“I don’t need you to tell me what kind of person Carrie is.” Ryan took a deep breath, no longer willing to 
engage with them. “Whatever you say or do won’t change my decision. I only want Carrie.” 
This statement sent Claire’s blood pressure skyrocketing again. 
“Mr. Hoffman! Ms. Salvador has disappeared!” Yasmin whispered urgently, scanning the surroundings 
for any sign of Carrie.
“Carrie… Carrie?!” Ryan’s face turned ashen. Without looking back, Ryan sprinted away. 
“He’s gone mad… Ryan is absolutely mad!” Claire covered her heaving chest, struggling to catch her 
breath. 
“Mom, we can’t give up because of this!” Zoe watched Ryan’s retreating figure, her teeth biting down 
with determination. 
“He doesn’t even care about me, his own mother. What else can we do?” Claire’s eyes were full of 
disappointment. 
“What about Grandpa? Can he accept such a granddaughter-in-law?” Zoe’s gaze darkened. Her 
scheming mind had already come up with a plan for a long time. “As long as we find an opportunity to 
make Grandpa see that this woman is a complete fool, he will definitely intervene.” 
“Zoe, will it really work like this? Your elder brother is so stubborn, I’m afraid your grandfather…” 
“It will work.” Zoe spoke with unwavering conviction and a cold, calculating expression on her face. 
“Ryan has come this far to gain Grandpa’s approval and bring honor to our father. He wished to secure 
the entire Hoffman Group. If he offends Grandpa, everything Grandpa has given him will be taken 
back, and the one to control the group in the end will be Uncle Liam. Dad raised Ryan to be better than 
this and placed high expectations on him. Ryan would be letting Dad down if he gave up control of the 
Hoffman Group.” 
Ryan notified his bodyguards to search for Carrie’s whereabouts, so everyone scattered in all 
directions. 
The pitch-black night sky was adorned with glistening white snow, falling gracefully like scattered 
petals. It was a picturesque night, but Ryan was not in the mood to appreciate it. His only concern was
Carrie’s safety.
###chapter696
Finally, Ryan finally found Carrie sitting alone on a swing in the middle of a park. 
She was lost in thought.. 
“Carrie…” 
Ryan gazed at Carrie’s delicate silhouette from a few steps away. 
Her jet-black hair was dusted with snow, and a layer of frost stuck to her little red jacket. At a glance, 
she looked like a little snowman. 
He thought, ‘Silly girl, how long have you been sitting in the snow?’ 
“Carrie, I finally found you.” Ryan’s heart ached as he walked toward her. 
Ryan kneeled in front of the girl, one knee on the ground. His large, warm hands tightly covered hers, 
which were cold from hugging her teddy bear. 
“How did you find me?” Carrie blinked in surprise. 
“Carrie, our hearts are connected. No matter where you run off to will find you.” 
Ryan’s heart was overwhelmed with pain. He raised his hand to touch her flushed cheeks gently. 
His voice cracked as he said, “Silly girl, you can never run away from me in this lifetime.” 
Carrie’s gaze fell, and she remained silent. 
“It’s quite cold sitting here. Come, let’s go home together.”
“Ryan, I want to live with Grandpa.” 
Carrie slowly withdrew her hand from his grasp. “I just called Uncle 
Matt. He’s sending someone to pick me up now.” 
“Carrie, don’t you want me anymore?” Ryan widened his eyes and asked meekly. 
Carrie quickly shook her head, biting her lips. “I don’t want to make things difficult for you. I don’t want 
you to argue with your mom.” 
She added, “Ryan, don’t be angry with your mom anymore. She’s your mother. You should listen to 
her.” 
“But I only want to listen to you.” Ryan’s eyes were tender as he brushed off the snow on her 
shoulders. 
He cradled her rosy face with his palms. He knew her face must be in pain from the cold, and he was 
hoping this gesture would bring her some relief. 
“Ryan, please go home quickly. Uncle Matt will come to pick me soon.” Carrie urged him reluctantly. 
“Carrie, let me ask you something.” Ryan gulped. He smiled at her, but his eyes were red. “Do you love 
me?” 
“Love?” Carrie raised her eyes, her pupils slightly trembling. Her pale lips moved slowly, as if she had 
lost her ability to speak. For a while, she did not utter a single word. 
Ryan’s heart felt heavy and bitter. What was he thinking? Didn’t he say it was enough that he loved 
her? ‘Ryan, you’re in love with an extraordinary girl… You shouldn’t force her like this…’
“Ryan.” Carrie softly called his name. She slowly lifted her hands and gently placed them on Ryan’s 
back. 
“I love you, Ryan. In my heart, I have loved you since a long time ago. Maybe it was the first time you 
kissed me. Maybe it was when I hid in my room, secretly drawing a portrait of you.” Maybe it was every 
time you stood by my side, despite the looks you got. I don’t understand what love is, but I think that my 
feelings for you must be love.” 
Ryan was deeply moved to the verge of tears. He felt his heart pounding intensely. 
Ryan, who had been a casanova for most of his life, felt a profound emotional awakening. 
For the first time, it was as though spring had arrived in his heart. 
In the midst of wind and snow, the two lovers embraced deeply. Th man pulled her trembling body into 
his coat, but it was not enou 
He wanted to bring her into his heart.
###chapter697
In the wee hours of the morning, Ryan hurried to the hospital after putting Carrie to sleep. He joined the 
Thompson and Salvador families in the waiting room. 
Due to Nigel’s old age, he could not pull an all-nighter. Thus, Gregory helped his father to a comfortable 
VIP room to get some rest. 
Asher walked to the corridor as he answered Ralph’s call. 
Ralph said, “Ash, I just finished interrogating that bastard. I’ve been a detective for many years. At first 
glance, I could tell that the man was hiding something. But he’s as stubborn as a bull and refused to 
talk!” 
“What did that guy say?” Asher asked in a low voice. 
“He claimed that he attacked Aunt Celeste because he used to be a fervent fan of hers. After Aunt 
Celeste left the entertainment industry, he held a grudge and felt that his idol had deceived his 
feelings.” 
Ralph continued to vent his frustration to his elder brother. “It’s utter nonsense! Aunt Celeste was a 
famous celebrity back then. He’s just toad dreaming of kissing a princess. How could he blame Aunt 
Celeste for being out of reach?” 
Asher frowned. “Get to the point.” 
“Right, sorry, Ash. I’m just so angry and went off topic.” Ralph collected his thoughts and said in a deep 
voice, “He said that he attacked Aunt Celeste impulsively after seeing her reappearing in public. Her 
appearance stirred up memories of the past, and he couldn’t take it. But that’s a load of bullshit. I don’t 
believe a word of I’m certain someone instigated him to do this!”
“You’ve been investigating all night. This is basically what I thought too,” Asher said in a faint tone. 
“Asher, there’s nothing I can do. Currently, the evidence I have can only reveal this much. Besides, this 
guy is quite cunning. His phone is clean. There’s no sign of him being influenced or manipulated. I 
suspect he has another phone, and he planned everything out meticulously.” 
“You need to continue probing into this man’s background. If he was bribed, it means that it’s not his 
first time committing such a crime. There may be other victims,” Asher instructed. 
“But what if this is the only time he did something like this?” Ralph asked. 
Asher squinted his clear eyes and coldly said, “Then I don’t believe his confession. Everything is too 
coincidental. It looks like someone set a trap. We must thoroughly investigate the mastermind behind 
this who is attempting to harm Aunt Celeste.” 
“I understand, Asher. I won’t let our family suffer injustice.” Ralph paused and hesitated. “How is Justin 
doing?” 
“He hasn’t passed the critical period yet.” Asher’s throat tightene 
“Oh.” Ralph was at a loss for words. 
Asher added. “But I believe the situation will improve because Bella is currently performing brain 
surgery on him. The surgery has been ongoing for five hours.” 
Ralph almost spat out his drink in shock. 
“B-Brain surgery? Does Bella think that people’s heads can be cracked open like watermelon? Sorry, 
Asher, but I can’t help but find this funny. The way Bella is taking revenge on her ex-husband is quite 
unique.”
“We have to trust in the miracle doctor, Dr. Brown. For her, a craniotomy shouldn’t be much more 
challenging than cutting a watermelon.” Asher casually boasted about his talented sister. 
“Dr. Brown, the miracle doctor?!” 
Ralph stared blankly and shouted in realization. “Is Bella that amazing doctor who has been featured in 
newspapers and magazines?” 
Asher proudly nodded. “Indeed, that’s our little sister.” 
Ralph’s jaw almost hit the floor. “Damn, she’s awesome!”
###chapter698
The following day, at 9:00 a.m., the Salvador family members gathered outside the operating room. 
Gregory supported Nigel as they both stared anxiously at the door of the operating room. 
Shannon had already left, claiming to feel unwell, and went home with Bethany. 
Since Nigel had always disliked her and she did not care about Justin’s life or death, Shannon simply 
could not be bothered to pretend anymore. Instead, she went home to get some beauty sleep. 
“So much time has passed. Why hasn’t Bella come out yet?” Wyatt sat in the corridor. He was 
constantly looking in the direction of the operating room, feeling uneasy. 
“Craniotomy is not a simple surgery. It can take a while.” Asher gently patted his father on the back and 
reassured him. “Relax, Dad. Bella is even stronger and more formidable than you can imagine. She wil 
perform this surgery successfully.” 
Wyatt, however, shifted his concern to Bella’s well-being. “I’m not concerned about that. I’m worried 
about my daughter standing for the whole night. Can her body take it? Is she tired? Did she have time 
to eat and drink?” 
The more Wyatt asked, the more worried he became. If Asher had not been holding him back, he might 
have rushed in and checked on his daughter. 
Asher smiled helplessly. “Dad, I thought you were concerned about the patient lying inside.”. 
Wyatt looked at Nigel’s anxious figure and said, “That kid did save my precious daughter this time. I’ll 
give him some credit. He went from having negative points to zero points now.”
Asher pursed his lips and remained silent. He did not say anything because he had promised Bella to 
keep the secret. 
“Dad, I have a question. If…” Before Asher could finish his sentence, a crying voice interrupted him. 
“Justin! Justin!” 
The quiet and tense atmosphere in the corridor changed. Gregory and Nigel turned their heads in the 
direction of the voice. 
They saw Zoe running toward them in high heels, tears streaming down her face. 
“Zoe, why are you here?” Ryan quickly stepped forward to stop her, sternly instructing, “This is not the 
place for you to cause a scene. Ge home immediately!” 
Zoe lifted her face to meet his gaze, her eyes filled with cold mocker was Ryan taken aback. He felt 
that her gaze was terrifyingly unfamiliar. It was as if she had cut off their twenty years of family ties. 
From her eyes, he could no longer see any trust or reliance on him. 
The next moment, Zoe gritted her teeth. She forcefully pushed Ryan aside and ran straight to Gregory 
and Nigel. 
“Grandpa Nigel! Uncle Gregory! How is Justin? Has he woken up yet?!” Zoe cried. Her round face was 
pale and haggard, and her eyes were red and swollen. Her gasping sobs made her look extremely 
pitiful. 
“Who is this?” Nigel looked at the weeping woman in front of him, confused. 
“Dad, this is Ryan’s younger sister, Ms. Zoe from the Hoffman family.” Gregory was moved, seeing how 
emotionally distressed Zoe was for his son.
Gregory spoke with a gentle and amiable tone. “When she was little, Ryan often brought her to our 
house. Justin has always had a good relationship with her, treating her like his sister. Later on, Zoe 
went abroad for studies and hasn’t been around much. She just returned this year.” 
“Oh, so she’s Ryan’s sister.” Nigel nodded understandingly without saying much.
###chapter699
“Since I was little, Justin has always been very good to me. He cared for me and looked after me. In my 
heart, Justin is the most important person.” Zoe wiped away her tears. 
She said in between sobs, “When I heard about his accident last night, I couldn’t sleep the whole night. 
I wanted to come over last night, but Ryan wouldn’t let me, and I was afraid of causing trouble for you 
all. I should have been more sensible. I should have come earlier. Maybe I could have helped in some 
way.” 
“Ah, good child, you have a kind heart.” Gregory sighed. He looked at 
Zoe approvingly. 
“Thank you for your concern for Justin. You two must have been close when you were little.” 
“Not only when we were little. Justin and I are still very close now. 
Zoe blushed shyly. “As long as Justin needs me, I’ll always be there.” 
Even to someone clueless, they could understand the intention behind her statement. 
Ryan’s handsome face did not look pleasant. Leaving aside other matters, Zoe revealed her admiration 
for Justin in front of the 
Salvador family without restraint. Doing so undermined her status as the young lady of the Hoffman 
family. 
“Ash, does Ms. Hoffman have feelings for Justin as well?” Wyatt was also quite a gossip, nudging 
Asher with his elbow as he watched the scene.
Asher bluntly replied, “It seems so.” 
Wyatt squinted his eyes with a suspicious look. “And what about Justin? Does he show any interest in 
Ms. Hoffman?” 
“As far as I know, no.” Asher did not intend to speak positively for Justin. However, after multiple 
encounters and clashes, he had seen through Justin’s character. 
The man was like a single-celled organism. When he liked Rosalind, she was the center of his 
attention. Not even the ethereal Bella could sway him. Now that Justin had come to his senses and had 
a newfound clarity, he dedicated his life to Bella. 
“I don’t understand what these young girls are thinking. What’s so great about that punk? Why do they 
all flock to him like bees to honey?” Wyatt sneered disapprovingly. 
He muttered, “Meanwhile, my sons are still single. Take a look. Which one of my sons isn’t as 
handsome as Justin? Which one of them isn’t as cool as him? The Hoffman family has a good 
background too. 
Since they have a daughter, she might as well be with my sons. Asher why don’t you give it a try and 
win her over?” 
Asher’s heart tightened. His gaze flickered as he said, “I don’t like women.” 
“What? What did you say?” Wyatt raised an eyebrow. 
“I mean, Ms. Hoffman is not my type.” Asher cleared his throat, smiling subtly. “Can’t you see that Ms. 
Hoffman already has someone she likes? Don’t complicate things and make it difficult for her.”
“I don’t know what sins I’ve committed. Not a single one of my sons. is like me. They are all busy with 
their careers and not interested in finding a wife.” Wyatt sighed and shook his head, giving up on the 
idea. 
“Ms. Hoffman, I appreciate that you still care about my grandson due to your past connections. I 
acknowledge your kindness, but please leave.” Nigel’s attitude toward Zoe was indifferent. 
There was no smile on his face. After all, Justin had not yet passed the critical period, so Nigel had no 
energy to deal with outsiders. 
“I heard… Justin got injured while protecting Ms. Thompson.” Zoe finally had the opportunity to gain 
favor with the elders of the Salvador family. She was unwilling to just leave like this and said tearfully, “I 
want to do something for Justin. Let me stay here and pray for him. I won’t leave until Justin wakes up.” 
“No need, Ms. Hoffman.” Nigel managed a faint smile, still maintaining a gentle tone toward the young 
lady. “I appreciate your kindness, but I am a practical man. Instead of believing in prayers, I believe in 
human intervention and science.”
###chapter700
Zoe’s heart skipped a beat. She hurriedly explained, “Grandpa Nigel, I didn’t mean anything else. I 
don’t want to cause trouble for everyone. I just want to do what I can! Though my abilities are limited, at 
least I’ve never harmed Justin. I wasn’t the one who put him in the operating room and made him 
suffer!” 
“Zoe, please stop talking!” Ryan frowned, and he walked over to try to stop her. 
At this moment, Nigel’s face turned cold. 
He coldly asked, “Ms. Hoffman, are you accusing Ms. Thompson with your words? Are you saying that 
Ms. Thompson is at fault for my grandson’s condition?” 
“I… I…” 
‘Of course! Of course, it’s all that damned Bella’s fault!’ Zoe thought to herself. 
She could not say that out loud because it was obvious that Nigel was blatantly favoring Bella! 
Just then, there was a loud commotion. 
Everyone spun around and saw the door of the operating room open. 
Wyatt and Asher stood up from their chairs immediately. 
Everyone quickly swarmed to the door. 
Two medical staff members came out first. Behind them, a set of slow, tired footsteps could be heard.
Bella’s graceful figure walked out. Even though she was wearing al loose surgical gown and a mask, 
her beauty and elegance were undeniable. 
She took a deep breath and slowly removed her mask. 
Seeing Bella’s bare yet still stunning face, Zoe was dumbfounded. 
Zoe’s mouth hung wide open because she could not believe her eyes! 
She thought, ‘How could this be? Did this wretched woman perform the surgery on Justin?!’ 
“Bella… Bella!” Wyatt and Nigel both quickly approached, each holding onto one of Bella’s slightly 
trembling hands. 
The two elders felt a deep sense of unease as they looked at her. Her eyes were red from exhaustion, 
and there were deep imprints from the mask on her face. 
“Bella… He… Is he…” Nigel’s eyes welled up with tears. He wanted to ask what happened to Justin, 
but he hesitated. It was truly a heartbreaking sight. 
Bella took a deep breath and gripped Nigel’s hand tightly. She smile and said, “Grandpa Nigel, Justin 
must have heard your prayers while he was unconscious. I’ve cleared the blood clots in his brain. The 
surgery was very successful.” 
Excited exclamations erupted from the crowd! 
Ryan closed his eyes in relief. The weight on his chest finally lifted. 
Gregory was so moved that he clasped his hands together and shouted. “Thank god! Thank god!”
“What god? Bella performed the surgery. You should be thanking her!” Nigel retorted as he cast a 
disdainful glance at Gregory. 
Though Gregory still harbored dissatisfaction with Bella’s character, he did not want to appear petty. 
Thus, he approached and said in a low voice, “Ms. Thompson, my son’s life was saved thanks to your 
timely assistance. Thank you for saving him.” 
“Chairman Salvador, please don’t say that,” Bella replied humbly. She let out a long sigh. “Justin went 
to such lengths to help me, so saving him is my duty and obligation.” 
“Bella! Thank you. Thank you so much!” Nigel happily embraced Bella, tears almost streaming down 
his face. 
After comforting Nigel, Bella’s gaze suddenly turned icy as it fell upon the stunned Zoe.
###chapter701
Zoe gasped sharply and stepped back.. 
As everybody watched on, Bella narrowed her eyes dangerously and approached her. 
Despite wearing heels, Zoe was still 8 cm shorter than Bella. 
That was the least of her problems. The sheer force of Bella’s inner strength and presence 
overwhelmed Zoe, reducing her to feeling small and helpless. 
“W-What do you want?” Zoe turned pale. 
“Nothing. I came to answer your questions.” 
Bella let out a composed smile before removing her surgical hat. An air of carefree grace clung to her 
beauty, echoing in the unrestrained flow of her cascading hair. 
She drew close to Zoe’s ear. “You’re better off pleading with me than God. Justin was injured because 
of me, but I have the ability to make him better. I can take responsibility for his life. Save your worries 
for something else.” 
Zoe shuddered and faced Bella’s aggression with a flushed face. 
The bitch heard everything she said. 
Just as Zoe ran through her options to refute her, Ryan drew near with sparkling eyes. “Bella, can you 
really perform surgeries?” 
“Duh.” Bella wiped the sweat off her forehead. Her patience ran thin after a long battle at the operating 
table.
“No, no… I mean to say that you’re so badass!” Ryan could not think of a better way to praise her. 
“If you had spent more time in your studies during college, you would have a wider range of vocabulary 
now.” Bella looked askance at him and shook her head. 
Carrie was a lovely girl, and yet of all the guys, she saw something in Ryan instead. 
To Bella, Ryan had nothing going for him except for a few loose change in his pocket. 
Zoe shivered in rage, tempted to stitch Ryan’s mouth up. 
A flurry of footsteps came from the other end of the corridor. 
“Chairman Thompson, Mr. Asher, I apologize for not attending to you sooner, as I have only gotten 
word of your arrival.” 
Scott Cartman, the medical director, together with his deputy director and two leading experts in the 
field, greeted Wyatt and Asher from afar in a friendly and respectful manner. 
“Don’t worry about it, Scott. I know you’re busy, so I didn’t inform you.” 
Wyatt was amicable and did not have an attitude. It was possible that people with greater power and 
responsibility often exhibit increased understanding and patience. 
“That reminds me, Scott. Come here. This is my precious daughter, whom I often talk about. Bella, 
come here!” 
Wyatt puiled Bella to his side. He would brag about his outstanding daughter every chance he got. 
“Here’s something you’ll find hard to believe. My daughter, Bella, is very knowledgeable in the medical 
field. She has just gotten off a ten-hour surgery as the head surgeon. She nailed it right on the head!”
Asher and Ryan felt a jolt of fear run through them after the unsettling nailing comment. 
Scott exchanged glances with his deputy and looked at Wyatt in shock. “Chairman Thompson, is she 
really your daughter?” 
Wyatt frowned. “Are you questioning whether she’s my daughter?” 
“No, no, no. That’s not what I mean. Don’t you know who your daughter is?” 
Wyatt was confused. “Know what?” 
Scott gasped and introduced Bella with the utmost respect in front of everybody.
###chapter702
Chapter 702
“Your daughter has saved countless lives. She’s the renowned Dr. Brown.”
Everybody was shocked.
Bella was not only the competent general manager of KS World and the talented designer, Alexa, but she was a doctor with magic hands too.
Despite being a jack of many trades, Bella was certainly not a master of none..
Nigel and Gregory could not believe what they had just heard.
The success of Dr. Brown had spread throughout their community
Dr. Brown was very skilled in medicine, especially in surgery. It was nearly impossible to get an appointment with her.
Besides, Dr. Brown kept to herself. Despite her great reputation, she never revealed herself or
accepted any interviews. Hence, many were unaware of her prowess in medicine, except for those closest to her, like Asher and Scott.
Bella was Dr. Brown.
Gregory’s jaw dropped.
The unassuming young lady, who had been living under his roof for three years, turned out to be so talented.
A wave of helplessness, loss, and frustration washed over Gregory
He would probably never find an amazing daughter-in-law like Bellaagain.
“Seriously, Scott…”
Bella sighed and let out a wry smile. “Why did you have to tell my dad? Didn’t I tell you to keep it to
yourself?”
“Sigh. You have undergone many successful surgeries with us in the
past three years. I can’t count the times you have navigated us through difficult times. How could you let Chairman Thompson out of it?
I understand your wish not to make things public, but you should at least let your father know.” Scott expressed his opinion, his eyes reflecting admiration for Bella.
“You little brat!”.
Wyatt was glad and angry. Since he could never punish his daughter, he pinched her cheek. “How dare you keep this from your father?! Trust me when I say I’ll give you a spanking.”
“Wyatt, not in front of these people!” Blushing, Bella spoke in hushed tones.
“Anna…”
Nigel approached with tears of joy and held her by the shoulders, getting a look at the incredible
woman. He could not get enough of her greatness. “Anna, I have let you down. The Salvadors have let you down.”
“What are you saying, Grandpa? Don’t say that-”
Carpet
“No, my family has failed you.”
Nigel’s heart grew heavy, and he could not bear the thought of letting her go. “What should I do? I don’t want anyone but you to be close to
my grandson. I can’t accept anyone but you as my granddaughter-in- law. I’m greedy and shameless. I don’t want anyone else but you, Anna!”
Wyatt’s eyes widened in disgruntlement. He wanted to say something, but Asher held him back.
“Why are you behaving like a child, Grandpa?” Distraught, Bella blushed.
Bella was the center of attention, loved and admired by all.
Standing outside the crowd, Zoe was dejected and left alone. Even her brother did not give her any
attention. She was forgotten.
Nigel’s words stabbed at her, pushing her to the dark side. She wished she could kill Bella.
###chapter703
Chapter 703
It was common for those who had major surgery to remain. unconscious for days.
However, Justin was not in that percentage of people. He was in the
special forces, so he was in tip-top shape compared to most. Justin woke up four days after the
surgery.
“Mr. Salvador! Mr. Salvador! Mr. Salvador!”
It was noisy.
A voice kept buzzing in Justin’s ear.
Justin struggled to open his heavy eyelids, and his vision gradually
became clear.
The first thing he saw was lan’s shaggy face with sunken cheeks.
“You’re awake, Mr. Salvador! You’re awake!”
Hot with emotions, lan pressed the call bell by the bed incessa
“That voice of yours can bring me back from the dead.”
Justin’s ear was buzzing. His head was still fuzzy. “Where am I?”
“The hospital, of course. Don’t you know that you have just been through a traumatic experience?”
lan’s eyes welled up at the thought of what Justin had been through.
“Oh… Bella!”
Justin was worried about Bella’s safety instead of his the moment he
woke up.
The last thing he remembered was the offender charging toward Bella
with a metal rod.
He had no idea what happened next.
Justin was not sure whether he had managed to protect her. What if
he did not? He was better off dead in that case.
lan pinned him down in bed and persuaded him. “She’s fine. She’s fine. The young madam is
unharmed. You saved her. Relax.”
However, Justin could not feel at ease.
The medical personnel and attending doctor rushed into the room and helped lan hold Justin down.
“Where’s Bella? I want to see her now!”
Justin jolted up from bed, his lips quivering and his eyes red.
His feelings got the best of him.
“Mr. Salvador, why don’t you take a good rest? Once you are rested,
we can meet the young madam. The way you look now-”

“I want to see Bella now! Now!”
Something was up with Justin. He was agitated. His heart was pounding out of his chest.
While everybody was overwhelmed by the situation, a clear voice
echoed through the room.
“Justin, are you a toddler? Why are you making such a big fuss?”
The room fell silent.
Bella stood at the door frame with furrowed brows. Despite her stern
face, she still had the grace of a Greek goddess.
“Y-Young Madam!” lan looked at Bella with a grin. Here came the savior.
‘Bella!” Justin looked at her tenderly, but his hands shook violently.
The affectionate man looked rather comical, with a heavily bandaged head..
Bella said with a smirk, “The rest of you get out. The patient needs -rest.”
She carried more authority than Justin’s attending doctor.

“We leave him in your care, Ms. Thompson.”
The attending doctor and nurses nodded at Bella with respect before retreating out of the ward. Since
word that Bella was Dr. Brown went around the hospital, the haughty medical professionals only had
respect and admiration for her.
“I’ll leave Mr. Salvador to you, Young Madam.” Reading the room, lan slipped out of there.
The door was shut behind him.
Bella was glad to see Justin awake. However, she would never be honest about her feelings for him.
She remained indifferent to him.
“Justin, you shouldn’t be moving around after brain surgery. For all you know, you might become an idiot.”
Folding her arms, Bella scowled and sneered. “It’s bad enough that you’re blind and dumb. Don’t say
that you know me. I don’t want to be embarrassed.”
She was not done.
###chapter704
Chapter 704
Justin got out of bed shakily and sprinted toward Bella.
“You…”
The man swiftly grabbed her wrist and gave her a pull.
The next thing Bella knew, she fell into his sturdy arms and dove headfirst into his chest. Her head was
still spinning.
“It’s great that you’re okay, Bella. All that matters is that you’re okay.” Justin rested his chin on her
shoulder, his dry lips whispering in her
ear.
He was the one injured, yet he could not care less about himself.
Bella dared not touch him for fear of injuring him further. With a
blushing face, she protested sternly. “You’re the patient! You
shouldn’t move! Get back to bed now!”
“No.” The man was stubborn. With tearful eyes, he pulled Bella cle
to him.
Ba-dump! Ba-dump! Ba-dump!
Bella’s eyes widened in shock.

His heartbeat was unusually fast.
Justin was hot to the touch as well. His muscles were rock-hard from
tension, and the tremors in his body pulled at her heartstrings.
All the symptoms pointed to one thing-Justin was unwell.
“Something isn’t right with you, Justin. Let go of me-Mgh!”
Justin’s heart was racing, his eyes were bloodshot, and his breathing
was heavy as he took her lips.
He inched closer to her while she created distance between them.
With her back up against the wall, Bella had nowhere to run but face
his aggressive and domineering kiss.
Justin closed his eyes and lost himself in the moment. He nibbled her lip, pried open her teeth, and
engaged in a tongue-lock with her.
The overpowering kiss painted Bella’s ears, face, and neck rosy.
Bit by bit, she could feel his breathing and tremors calming down. His eyes gradually gained lucidity.
Nevertheless, his kiss was as deep as ever.
Justin would probably keep the kiss going until dark, if not for the
loss of oxygen.
They gasped for air. By then, they had broken out in a sweat.
The bastard was drenched all over. The hospital gown clung to his abs.
At closer inspection, his discolored lips had become glossy and ruddy.
It was as if the kiss revitalized him.
“What’s with the assault the moment you regain consciousness, bastard?” Thrown off by the kiss, Bella
had a new word to address
him with.
“Only to you.”
Justin felt refreshed and nourished after the tongue-lock. The frustrating restlessness faded away
Getting cheeky there, he towered over her and propped her chin up with a finger. “But I hope it doesn’t hurt.”
“Get off me and lay back down in bed!” Bella turned her face away. It was her turn for heart
palpitations.
“No.”
“Are you not even going to listen to me, Justin?” Bella said in the heat
of the moment.

Taken aback, Justin curled his lips. “I’ll listen to you, but…”
He swallowed hard, his scorching breath brushing against the top of her nose. “Once I get enough of
you.
Before Bella knew it, Justin pinned her wrists against the wall.
His burning lips took her to another world.
The sun had set by the time Bella broke free from him.
She walked to the medical director’s office, feeling weak in her knees.
She was soaked in sweat, and her eyes were hazy.
It was only a kiss.
Yet, it felt like they had done more than that.
###chapter705
Chapter 705
Bella entered the office after knocking on the door.
“Dr. Cartman.”
“Ms. Thompson, you look flushed. Are you unwell?” Noticing her rosy cheeks, Scott asked out of
concern.
“Uh, I’m fine.”
Once again, Justin proved a bastard to Bella. She took a deep breath
and touched her hot cheek. “Do we have the test result of the CT scan on Justin’s brain yet?”
have it with me.”
Scott pulled out a scan from his drawer and handed it to Bella.
Bella took the scan and observed it under the light.
Suddenly, she furrowed her brow, and her heart sank.
“I’m sure you can see it too, Ms. Thompson.”
Scott looked anxious. “The surgery was a success. I believe no more than three in the country can pull
off the operation.”
“A success? Do you think the surgery was a success?”
Unable to shake off the frustration, Bella put down her trembling arms. The CT scan rustled along with
her movements. “The way I see it, it’s a failure on my part because the patient suffers complications.”
Of all the things she could put up with, she could never tolerate failure.
Yet, Justin was once again the reason she tasted failure.
Bella clutched her blouse, her emotions consuming her.
“The complications are bound to happen with such a risky and difficult surgery. Don’t beat yourself up
over it. You did a great job saving Mr. Salvador’s life.” Scott persuaded her because he knew what Dr.
Brown was capable of.
“That explains why he was so emotional when he saw me,” Bella murmured.
She clenched her fists. “Is there any way to treat the side effects?”
Scott sighed. “For now, the best way forward is to control his
symptoms with sedatives.
“If the patient is able to keep his cool and a level head, he should be able to stop his own outbursts.”
Keep his cool?
Justin cooled off after kissing her.
Bella blushed and gritted her teeth.
Curing physical illness was simple, but matters of the heart were a different story.
It was the middle of the night.
In a plush, velvet-lined lounge in Pivotage, two women, dressed rather
provocatively, were attending to Christopher.
By attending, they were keeping him company and filling his glass with wine.
It was well-known in Pivotage that Christopher was a germaphobe These women would be digging
their own graves by getting handsy with the man.
Under the dim light, Christopher sank his back against the sofa with his head thrown back. His profile
was breathtaking.
One of the women was so captivated by his looks that she spilled alcohol over Christopher’s pristine
shoe.
“Uh! I’m so sorry, Mr. Iverson! I’m so sorry!” Frightened, the woman got up and apologized profusely.
Christopher took his time to open his eyes but did not look at her.” Clean it.”
“Y-Yes, sir!”
The woman immediately got down on her knees and held his le shoes with trembling hands before
sticking out her tongue.
She licked his shoe clean.
“Get lost!” Annoyed, Christopher kneaded between his brows.
“Of course!” The woman crawled out of the lounge.
“You too.”
The other terrified woman scrambled out of there.
Once they were gone, the secretary popped his head in and said
cautiously, “Mr. Iverson, Ms. Yvonne Smith is here.”
###chapter706
The spark finally returned to Christopher’s empty eyes. 
“Let her in.” 
“Sure, Mr. Iverson.” The secretary made himself scarce. 
Seconds later, the clicking of heels broke the silence in the private lounge. 
“Chris.” 
Following a tender voice, a lithe figure appeared before Christopher. 
The man narrowed his eyes and curled his lips as he admired the woman named Yvonne. It was as if 
he was appreciating his work of art. 
Yvonne, the manager of Pivotage, was a woman who had grown up faster than most. She approached 
Christopher with a flirtatious demeanor, her manner not tacky but exuding a sultry confidence. 
However, it was her face that commanded Christopher’s attention 
Christopher’s heart raced the moment she strutted into the room. 
Her hair, luscious lips, confident smile, and face that he spent years tweaking had an uncanny 
resemblance to Bella. 
The only thing Yvonne could imitate about Bella, despite her best efforts, was her body language and 
poise. 
“Come to me, Yvonne.” Christopher swallowed hard and curled his finger at her.
Yvonne drew close to him, and he pulled her into his arms. 
“Chris…” 
With loving eyes, the woman hooked her finger around his Windsor knot and pulled his face closer to 
hers. She pouted her lips, giving herself to him. 
“What did I tell you? Have you forgotten?” 
Christopher grimaced, his tone icy. “You look like Bella. Don’t think you are her. 
“Know your place as a replacement. My kisses are only for Bella.” 
“Got it… I’m sorry, Chris. It won’t happen again.” Yvonne recoiled her arm. It was a rude awakening. 
Out of all Christopher’s subordinates, only she got to call him by his nickname. 
Others believed the privilege came from Christopher’s love for her. 
Only Yvonne knew that she was granted the entitlement because of her resemblance to Bella. 
Yvonne bit her lip as her heart was ripped right out of her. 
She had been with Christopher since the age of fifteen in Sentania. Bella had always been on 
Christopher’s mind, despite the many years. Yvonne kept by his side. 
Yvonne wanted to meet Bella. The woman must have been exceptional to capture the attention of the 
man Yvonne loved. 
“You don’t look like you’re in a good mood, Chris. Does it have something to do with Ms. Thompson?” 
“Bella has gotten closer to Justin.”
Christopher scowled sinisterly and resentfully. “Although they are divorced, I have the feeling that I 
can’t come between their attraction. for each other.” 
“Why don’t you tell me what I can do to make you happy and help you, Chris?” Yvonne stared intently 
at the man. 
“I have taken you under my wing for so long. It’s time to make use of that face of yours.” Christopher 
held her face up with a finger. Following a knock on the door, his secretary’s voice came through.” It’s 
me, Mr. Iverson.” 
“Enter.” 
The secretary walked into the private lounge and saw Yvonne snuggling up against Christopher. 
Although this was not the first tir it had happened, he was still startled. 
The woman looked too much like Bella. 
“What is it?” Christopher took a bite out of the fruit Yvonne fed him.
###chapter707
“We received word from the mole you planted at Thompson Hospital.” 
News of Justin’s emergence from a coma reached the Salvadors. 
Nigel and Gregory rushed to the hospital. Seeing that Justin was awake, Nigel lost it and climbed onto 
the bed to hug his grandson. He was near tears. 
“My dear grandson, you scared the hell out of me!” 
“I’m sorry to make you worry, Grandpa.” Justin hugged his grandfather back as guilt consumed him. 
“How do you feel? Does your head hurt? Does it hurt anywhere?” Nigel raised his hand to stroke 
Justin’s head but froze. 
It struck Nigel that Justin had just gone through more than ten hours of surgery to glue his head back 
together. His head should be off- limits for now. 
“I’m fine, really.” 
Reading Nigel’s mind, Justin gently put the old man’s hand on his head with a smile. “Just feel my 
head. I have a tough skull.” 
“You are such a silly child!” Nigel kept to a light touch. Still, he grinned widely. 
Gregory came to visit his son, but the relationship between the father and son was still strained. 
While Justin was in a coma, Gregory could barely sleep or eat due to worry. Now that his son was 
awake, Gregory pulled a long face and could not say anything nice.
“Don’t scare me like that again, boy. I know you want to protect Anna, but don’t put yourself in danger.” 
Nigel patted Justin’s face. The fear still took hold of him. “I can understand that you want to keep her 
safe, but you need to be healthy and strong to shield her from harm. 
“How are you going to protect her when you are a lifeless corpse?” 
Gregory was lost for words. 
Justin made a face. “Ahem. Grandpa, can’t you say something nice? Why are you talking about death 
when I just came out of a coma?” 
“Geez, you get it. You know what I’m trying to say.” 
Nigel drew close to his ear and whispered, “I’ll let you in on a secret. Your wife is amazing.” 
Wife? 
Justin turned red in the ears as his heart skipped a beat. 
“Anna performed the surgery on you. It took her more than ten hours to remove all the blood clots in 
your head.” 
“Bella… She operated on me?” Justin was stunned. 
“A shocker, right? I wasn’t expecting that either. Anna turns out to be the legendary Dr. Brown. Sigh. 
What should we do now? That child is highly competent, and I don’t think you are good enough for her.” 
Nigel lamented, feeling anxious for his grandson.
It took a while for Justin to reel in the shock. He gritted his teeth and stayed firm on that note. “I will 
work hard to become outstanding. I will shield her from harm and make her the happiest woman.” 
“Ha. You’ll be lucky not to give her any trouble.” 
Gregory sneered at the thought of losing a capable daughter-in-law. “I wanted you to stay together and 
not divorce, but you refused to listen. Your heart was set on being with Rosalind. I think it’s too late to 
make amends now.” 
Justin frowned, but before he could say anything, Nigel jumped in and snarled, “Tsk. You’re not getting 
any younger, and yet you have not learned to keep your unhelpful thoughts to yourself. Why do you 
have to bring up that woman? At least my grandson came back to his senses in time and left that vile 
woman, unlike a certain somebody who’s still stuck in a rut. The nerve of you to lecture Justin!” 
“Dad-” 
Gregory saw red. He was about to refute him when his phone rang. 
He pulled out his phone to take a look. Gregory was happy to find his eldest son calling from abroad.
###chapter708
“Why the sudden call, son?” Gregory beamed. His affectionate tone was unlike his usual haughtiness. 
Justin’s lashes fluttered. 
As far as Justin could remember, Gregory had never once spoken to him like a father would to a son. 
Gregory had never used the term son” on him either. 
Gregory was only a benevolent father to Grant. Sure enough, Gregory only considered Grant his son 
because Shannon was the love of his life. 
Even though Justin found it ironic, there was nothing he could say or do about it. 
“How have you been doing, Dad?” Grant’s husky voice came on the other end of the line. 
Grant’s voice was deep and highly identifiable, so Justin could hear. the conversation despite the 
distance. 
“I’m doing well. What about you, son? How is your treatment coming along in Meridan? Is all going 
well? Any relapse lately?” Gregory had flown to Meridan to visit his eldest son last year. However, he 
had been too busy this year to make time. 
“I’m very well. Don’t worry.” 
Grant paused and asked with concern, “I heard that Justin was injured and admitted to the hospital. 
How is he doing? Is everything okay?” 
Justin furrowed his brows.
He had nothing against Grant’s show of concern. However, he was surprised that Grant caught wind of 
his recent encounter despite years of being away from Savrow. 
Gregory answered, “Justin had a major surgery and was in a coma for a few days, but he has regained 
consciousness now.” 
Grant asked, “Are you in the hospital with Justin?” 
“Yes. Your grandfather and I are in his ward as we speak.” 
“Can you hand the phone to Justin? I want to talk to him.” 
Heeding Grant’s request, Gregory walked over and gave the phone to Justin. “Your brother wants to 
talk to you.” 
Justin took the phone hesitantly and put it to his ear. “Grant.” 
“I was anxious to hear that you were badly injured, Justin. I wanted to fly back and see you, but-” 
Grant’s voice was filled with worry. 
“I’m fine, Grant. You’re not in the best of health to take a flight. You don’t need to put yourself through 
that for me.” Justin smiled and comforted him. “I’m fine now, really. Don’t worry.” 
“Did Ms. Thompson perform the surgery on you?” 
The man hid his shock. “Yes.” 
“I know Ms. Thompson was my sister-in-law and that you divorced this year. Still, she was kind and 
understanding enough to overlook the past and operate on you. Even though you can’t continue as 
husband and wife, you should remain cordial with her. Ms. Thompson has a kind heart and has shown 
herself to be the bigger person.”
Justin pursed his lips. 
Grant knew everything about Justin, despite being in Meridan. 
“It’s my fault that Bella and I aren’t together anymore, Grant. I was blind and brought this upon myself. I 
owe her too much.” 
Justin clenched his fists, his eyes turning bloodshot as he made up his mind. “I have decided to pursue 
Bella. Even if it takes the rest of my life, I will get Bella back. 
“She’s the only wife for me.” 
Gregory was shocked. 
It appeared Justin was determined to get back together with Bella, even at the cost of a lifetime. 
Although there was no doubt Bella outshone most women in the world, Justin was throwing his life 
away for one woman. It was not worth it.
###chapter709
“Well said! You couldn’t have said it better.” Thrilled, Nigel patted Justin’s shoulder a little too hard. 
It was silent on the other end of the line before a chuckle was heard Grant said encouragingly, “It’s 
great that you think so. I hope you and Ms. Thompson will get back together soon.” 
“Thank you, Grant,” Justin murmured. 
For some reason, there was something about Grant’s tone that did not sit well with Justin. 
Nigel took over the call and said affectionately, “Grant, how’s life in Meridan? I heard Golden Bay is 
breathtaking. When are you taking me there for vacation? I could do a day out in the sun.” 
“Nothing beats home, Grandpa. Home is where the heart is.” 
Grant uttered with a tender smile, “The journey to Meridan is too long for you, Grandpa. You’re not 
getting any younger. I don’t want to put you through that. Maybe it won’t take long for me to get better 
and meet you back in Savrow.” 
Justin did not show his uneasiness. 
“Hahaha! That would be great. It will be best if you can come back, Grant. Our family will be together 
again.” 
Nigel sighed with concern. “But don’t strain yourself. I understand how you are doing. 
“I won’t blame you if you can’t make it back. I can always visit you. It’s just a 14-hour flight. We have a 
private jet. It’s no trouble for me at all.” 
The pair chatted for a bit before hanging up.
“Dad, did Grant say that he’s coming back? Is it true?” Gregory’s eyes lit up as he asked frantically. 
Nigel’s eyes flickered, but before he could answer, Matt knocked on the door and stepped into the 
ward. 
“Ms. Thompson, Mr. Hoffman, and Ms. Carrie are here.” 
“Who? Carrie is here too?” 
Amid Gregory’s surprise, Bella and Ryan walked into the room. 
Ryan entered the ward hand-in-hand with Carrie. 
He held her hand openly, with nothing to hide. 
Carrie hid behind the man shyly, her face blushing with embarrassment. 
Bella was with them all the way. Despite her strong feelings about their relationship, she could say 
nothing at all. 
She could not stop Carrie from seeing Ryan when they were in love with each other. 
“Ryan, you-” 
Gregory stared at the interlocking fingers of the young, beautiful couple in shock. 
“Uncle Greg.” Ryan smiled brightly. 
Everybody was baffled. 
Bella clutched her chest and glared at Ryan.
Ryan would often address Gregory formally, so it was unlike him to address Gregory as such. 
Gregory tensed up. “What’s the meaning of this, Ryan?” 
Ryan took a deep breath and raised his hand with Carrie’s before speaking the words he had 
rehearsed all night. 
“Uncle Greg, Carrie and I are madly and passionately in love. I have fallen head over heels for your 
daughter. My love for her is undying, unfathomable, and unstoppable…” 
Bella and Justin had a facepalm moment. Ryan’s speech was something else. 
“S-Stop it, Ryan. I feel so embarrassed.” Unable to take it anymore, Carrie gave his hand a squeeze. 
Her face went red.
###chapter710
“I implore that you entrust Carrie to me Despite my past, I will work to become a good man and the only 
man for Carrie. I will treat her right, even better than Justin toward Ms. Thompson, and I swear on my 
life to make her the happiest woman. I love Carrie. I hope you will give me your blessing to date Carrie 
with the intention of marrying her.” Nervous, Ryan gripped Carrie a little too tightly, and his voice 
trembled. 
Bella looked askance at Ryan. Her expectations for Ryan were low since Justin served as the 
benchmark for relationships. 
Justin stared at Ryan peevishly, doubting the latter could do better than him. 
Ryan’s expression hardened, and his prepared speech tumbled out in a rush. Yet, his eyes held an 
undeniable sincerity. 
The words must have been weighing on him for a long time. 
Nigel let out a wry smile. Ryan reminded him too much of Justin. 
“Ahem. I’m not suspecting you of anything. I just-” 
Even though Gregory had been in the business world for over three decades, he was overwhelmed by 
the young man for a change. He quickly pulled himself together and looked Ryan in the eye. “As at 
father, I hope my daughters will find the right men and start a family. together. But I need to make a few 
things clear-” 
“I know what you’re about to say.”
Ryan could not look any more serious. “Say no more. I get it. I know everything about Carrie. She’s the 
only woman for me. We have kept it real, sharing everything, including a bed-” 
“What? Don’t tell y-y-you slept with my precious….” Nigel pointed at Ryan, shuddering with fear. 
Ryan waved his arm in a panic. “You got the wrong idea, Grandpa Nigel! I never laid a finger on Carrie. 
Don’t take things the wrong way.” 
Carrie did not get it at first. At that point, she blushed hard and buried her head in the man’s arms. 
Bella curled her lips as Carrie relied on Ryan. 
It was a much-needed assurance for Bella. 
If Ryan were the man destined for Carrie, she would still pick him even when the world stood against 
her. 
The situation was just like back when Bella put everything on the line and chose Justin. 
Ryan’s out-of-the-blue confession was a heavy blow-to Gregory. 
However, now was not the time to talk about it, so Gregory put the matter aside. 
“Justin!” 
Carrie paced toward the bed, her eyes reflecting worry. “Ryan said you injured your head. How do you 
feel? Does it hurt?” 
Justin caressed his sister’s face and replied tenderly, “It doesn’t hurt. Your sister-in-law saved me. She 
took great care of me.”
Ryan was jealous of the bond between Justin and Carrie, even thought they were siblings. 
“That’s great to hear.” 
Carrie suddenly grabbed Bella’s hand and dangled it. She asked eagerly, “Can you stay with Justin, 
Bella? Can you take care of him. until his release from the hospital? He’ll be happy and get better soon 
if you stay by his side.” 
As her heart skipped a beat, Bella pressed her lips together. 
Justin gazed at her with anticipation. He looked like a lonely, stray puppy with tears in his eyes. 
The siblings knew exactly how to manipulate her emotions. 
“I won’t shy away from my responsibility because your brother was injured because of me.” 
Bella curled her lips. “I will nurse him back to health.” 
“Yay!” Carrie clapped her hands excitedly.
###chapter711
Justin’s worries just melted away. 
“Thank you, Bella.” He expressed his gratitude, his voice whimpering. 
Although Bella appeared unfazed, a wave of emotions stirred within her. 
As an important meeting was happening at Salvador Corporation, Gregory left ahead of the rest. 
Since Bella was revealed to be the miracle doctor, Dr. Brown, she became Justin’s attending doctor. 
Justin’s follow-up treatment rested on her shoulders. 
She asked Justin a few questions about his well-being before wheeling him off with Ryan and Scott for 
further checkups. 
Bella, Nigel, and Matt stayed behind in the ward. 
“You look like you have a lot on your mind, Anna. Is there something bothering you?” While no one was 
around, Nigel asked with concern. 
Snapping out of her thoughts, Bella replied in a vague manner, “No. Nothing, Grandpa Nigel.” 
“You can fool others, but you can’t fool me, Anna.” 
Nigel looked troubled. “Is there something more to Justin’s injury?” 
“Grandpa Nigel…” 
“Don’t keep it from me. You know me. Just tell me the truth. I can 
handle it.
“If you can’t be honest with me, I won’t be able to sleep or eat well 
because I’ll obsess over it.” 
Bella felt torn. After much hesitation, she turned to Matt. “Please give 
us a moment, Matt.” 
Taking the hint, Matt walked out of the ward and closed the door 
behind him. 
“Did you say Justin has surgery complications, child?” Nigel asked in 
a trembling voice, his heart sinking. 
“Yes, and it’s all my fault. It’s all my fault, Grandpa Nigel.” 
Bella hung her head low in shame and clutched her fingers tight. “| 
expect better from myself, but I have a lot more to learn.” 
“Don’t blame yourself, Anna. Without you, Justin and I probably would have to say goodbye forever.” 
Nigel put his coarse hand over hers and looked at her seriously. “But 
there’s one thing you must promise me. Keep Justin’s surgery 
complications a secret. The less people know about this, the better.” 
“Scott and I are the only ones aware of Justin’s medical condition. 
Scott and I are close. He can be trusted not to breathe a word to
anyone.” 
With furrowed brows, Bella asked, “Justin needs sedatives when he 
acts up. We don’t have any other treatment plans for him. Besides, I have no idea when and where he 
would have his outbursts. We can 
only keep it a secret for so long. What if-” 
“Then we’ll hide the truth for as long as we can. At the very least, this 
has to wait until it’s decided that Justin becomes the heir of the family business and inherits most of the 
shares and assets.” 
Nigel clenched his fists, his gaze deep. “The successor to Salvador Corporation can only be Justin and 
no one else. If someone holds his illness against him, he won’t be the successor and will possibly lose 
his position as president.” 
Confused, Bella fell into contemplation before probing. “By right, the firstborn son would take over the 
farmily business, Grandpa Nigel. 
Justin’s eldest brother, Grant, should inherit Salvador Corporation. 
But I heard that Grant is in poor health and recuperating abroad. I thought you had chosen Justin as 
the successor because his brother 
wasn’t in the best of health. That doesn’t seem to be the case now.
What’s the reason you want Justin to take over the family business instead?” 
Nigel swallowed hard and clammed up.
###chapter712
By the secretive look on Nigel’s face, Bella suspected the matter was 
tied to his family secret. 
It would be rude of her to probe further. 
She always knew when to stop, but anything concerning Justin would get to her head. She blurted, “Is 
there angst between Justin and his brother, Grandpa Nigel? Is it related to their abduction as kids?” 
Nigel widened his eyes at her in shock. “So you know about the 
abduction?” 
“I’m sorry, Grandpa Nigel. I didn’t get to know about it on purpose. 
Her throat went dry. Bella fell into contemplation for a moment and 
murmured, “Justin had mentioned his brother to me before. He said 
he would tell me everything, but I was picking a fight with him then. I didn’t want to hear anything 
coming from his mouth, but my curiosity 
got the better of me, and I…” 
Nigel noticed Bella turning red in embarrassment, reminding him of the once shy girl from back then. 
The grimace faded away from his 
face. 
That was a good thing.
At least she was no longer as resistant to Justin as before. She had 
started to become curious about him too. There was less tension 
between them. 
“You’re close to Justin because he wants to talk to you about his 
past, Anna. He wants to lay bare and confide in you.” 
Nigel sighed. He was still in distress, thinking about the past. “My two grandsons were kidnapped 
together when they were kids. The kidnappers had a long history of breaking the law. They had been 
involved in selling drugs, murder, and bank robberies. It’s not their 
first rodeo taking children from wealthy families for hefty ransoms.” 
“I know. You’re talking about the mafia leader known as Jer or 
Jeremy Mateo, right?” 
Bella had heard about Jeremy’s gang. Sasha had told her. 
Jeremy had worked for Sasha’s father, but driven by greed and 
ambition, he left the organization and made it out on his own. 
Back then, Jeremy was rather cocky and rampant. He made it clear to the cops that he would only 
retire from crime after making $10 billion 
in ransom. 
Jeremy was arrested 18 years ago, and the media covered the story
in celebration. However, Jeremy faced the camera with a smile, and 
the public was infuriated. 
Sasha once mentioned that her father’s biggest regret was not 
purging Jeremy when he could. 
“That’s right. That’s the guy.” 
Nigel held his head in anguish. “Gregory and I did everything we could 
to take precautions, but Jeremy somehow managed to slide through 
security and abduct my grandsons.” 
Feeling a clutch to her chest, Bella asked, “What happened after that?” 
Chapple 712 
“Jeremy’s gang demanded $2 billion for the safe return of Grant and Justin. It’s $1 billion for each child. 
$2 billion then is equivalent to $ billion now, but I didn’t hesitate to get the money ready. Nothin more 
important than my grandchildren. But Jeremy was so sneak He changed the location for the exchange 
multiple times to toy with us. They held Grant and Justin for two weeks, and we didn’t dare to 
call the cops.” 
Nigel lowered his gaze and shook his head in despair. “Later, Justin managed to escape from their 
clutches, but he was bruised and beaten. I didn’t expect him to escape. He was only 11 years old then.” 
“Did he manage to get out alone?”
Bella was shocked, and it reflected in her eyes. “He was too young to 
face off with his abductors. How could he escape? Someone must 
have helped him.” 
“Yes. It was Grant.” 
Bella gasped sharply.
###chapter713
“Grant was 15 years old that year, so he was only slightly taller 
stronger than Justin. He was just a young and defenseless boy. I don’t know what gave him the 
strength to restrain the kidnappers and 
let his brother escape.” 
Bella had questions, but she kept them to herself. Instead, she asked, “What happened after that, 
Grandpa Nigel? How did Grant escape? We gave Jeremy $2 billion, and Grant was dumped outside 
Tideview 
Manor without any clothes on.” 
Nigel’s complexion was discolored, and his lips quivered. “The child came back covered in blood. He 
was tortured and barely breathing. It took a month in the hospital and six months of therapy for him to 
get 
better. But all that took a toll on his body.” 
“Why?” Bella asked in shock. 
“We later found out from Grant that Jeremy and his gang were so 
furious about him helping Justin escape. But they couldn’t kill Grant 
before getting the money. Hence, they took their anger out on him. 
They denied him food and beat him up. They even locked him in a
sealed container. The long-term beating and lack of oxygen caused 
his lungs, kidneys, heart, and other organs to shut down. He nearly 
didn’t survive. It took quite a lot to save Grant. To this day, Grant 
remains frail, and his immune system is compromised. Most of the 
time, he has to rely on a wheelchair to leave home. At the end of the 
day, we could’ve done better for him!” 
Bella has a general idea of the incident now. 
This source of Justin’s guilt toward his brother and the 
WES 
reason why Gregory was so strict and unhappy with Justin. 
Justin managed to escape with his brother’s help, but his brother became a shell of his former self as a 
result. 
Bella could only imagine the heavy burden and guilt riding on Justin’s 
back for him to get so far. Justin could have fought back when Gregory hit him, but he put up with it 
anyway. 
Justin felt like he owed it to Grant. 
“Please don’t tell Justin what I told you, Anna. If he doesn’t bring it up 
to
you, just play dumb,” Nigel urged. 
Bella let out a thoughtful smile and said tenderly, “I understand. Don’t 
worry.” 
“Anna, are you going to look down on Justin? Do you think he’s a coward who cares only about himself 
without any regard for his brother?” Nigel’s strained voice was filled with concern. 
Bella felt distraught. She took a seat next to Nigel and put her warm 
hand over the old man’s cold hand. 
“I have never looked down on Justin, Grandpa Nigel. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have married him in the first 
place. Like Grant, he’s the victim of a kidnapping. Justin got a little lucky because he had a brother who 
was willing to do anything to keep him safe. Thank God he made it safely back to you. I feel bad for 
Grant, but this is no reason to condemn and criticize Justin. I believe he wished he could 
save his brother too, but he was too young to do anything. He must 
have blamed himself for a long time” 
Feeling moved, Nigel gave Bella a bear hug. “Anna, I feel better knowing you’re with Justin. Should one 
day I’m no longer alive and kicking, I can rest easy knowing you’re by his side.” 
Bella was speechless. As rosiness crept onto her cheeks, she wanted to say something but simply 
patted the old man on the back in the 
end. 
By the time Justin had gone through his physical examination and infusion therapy, it was dark outside
Picking up on Carrie’s rumbling belly, Ryan knew the girl was too shy to admit she was hungry. He got 
up and said goodbye to Justin and 
Bella. 
“My girl is hungry. I need to go home and cook for her.” Ryan wrapped his arm around Carrie’s waist, 
bringing her closer to him. He could not get his hands off her.
###chapter714
Justin was drinking a glass of water when Ryan talked about rushing home to cook. Justin choked on 
water and coughed. “Are you sure you are in your right mind, Ryan? If there’s something wrong with 
you, you should get Bella to check you out. I don’t want you to get in my 
sister’s way of finding happiness.” 
Bella crossed her legs on the sofa and clicked her tongue while 
staring at Ryan. “Other players would just retire from the playing field, 
nat 
but you take it one step further by cooking for your woman. That’s good. At least you’re domesticated 
now. That’s impressive.” 
“Ahem. It will be my first time tonight. I feel nervous.” For the 28 years Ryan had lived, he had never 
been in the kitchen, much less 
cooked. 
“D-Don’t push yourself, Ryan.” Carrie tugged on his sleeve worriedly 
Bella looked skeptical and contemptuous. “Yeah. You can set fire in 
the kitchen for all I care, but don’t involve Carrie.” 
Justin pursed his lips. “If your pan catches fire, turn off the stove and cover the pan with a lid to stop the 
burning. Don’t pour water on it.”
“I-I got it.” Carrie blinked and raised her hand compliantly. 
Ryan scowled in rage. “Tsk. I have common knowledge. I know you’re the perfect couple, but don’t 
treat me like a dummy.” 
Bella was not happy to be lumped together with Justin. Before she could refute him, Ryan carried 
Carrie and slipped out of the ward. 
With the pair gone, the ward resumed its silence. 
The air was filled with awkwardness, romantic tension, and sour 
It smelled sour, all right. Justin had not taken a shower since the da 
he was injured. 
The bastard had turned into a stinking man. 
Still, Justin was blessed with good looks. Despite his knotted locks, 
he was infuriatingly handsome. 
“Ahem…” 
Bella cleared her throat and eased the awkward tension. Her 
expression was indifferent. “While no one’s around, we should get 
down to it.” 
“How should we get down to it?” Justin’s voice rasped as he looked 
deep into her eyes.
He had done nothing, but the yearning in his eyes had crossed the 
line. 
“Ha! Don’t forget that your life is in my hands, Justin.” 
Feeling a burn in her cheeks, Bella gritted her teeth and sneered.” 
Watch your mouth. I can stitch your head up, but I can slice it back 
open too.” 
Justin narrowed his eyes and stopped fooling around. “I know what you want to talk about, Bella. You 
want to investigate the man who 
tried to attack Celeste. You want to know the reason behind his 
actions, right?” 
A shimmer flickered in Bella’s eyes, and she nodded. “Yes.” 
“I will sort this out for you, Bella. Once I get out-” 
“I can’t wait a second longer. Do you know the grueling damage and devastating blow this can cause to 
Aunt Celeste?” 
Bella interrupted him, her knuckles popping. “I had to put the investigation on hold to perform surgery 
on you. Otherwise, I would’ve caught the perpetrator by now.” 
Justin showed no expression. All he did was look at her with a tender smile.
###chapter715
Bella was highly capable of carrying out her promises. 
Justin did not mind it at all. Regardless of what she would do, he had 
her back all the way. 
“I know you want to get your vengeance, but it can wait. The 
perpetrator isn’t going anywhere.” 
Bella pressed her lips tightly together. His eyes were reflecting her 
emotional turmoil. 
There was one more reason she could not possibly say it to his face. 
The offender nearly got away with killing Justin. 
If Bella were not the miracle doctor, Dr. Brown, Justin’s body would be 
cold by now. 
The grudge festered within her for days, gnawing at her sleep and appetite. If left unchecked, the rage 
would consume her before she 
could get her revenge. 
“Although you took the hit for me and Aunt Celeste, ultimately, the matter concerns my family. Just 
focus on your recovery and stay out
of it.” 
“It might concern your family, but I’m yours, Bella,” Justin said in a hoarse voice. It was brazen of him to 
make such a statement. 
Bella widened her eyes. 
“Your business is my business.” 
“Get some rest. I got to go.” 
Bella could not take it anymore. The bastard was getting out of 
“Don’t go, Bella!” 
Anxious, Justin jolted up and tried to get out of bed. 
As he got up too suddenly, his head spun, and he blacked out momentarily. A nauseating feeling 
overwhelmed him. 
Just as Justin was about to fall out of bed, he caught a whiff of a 
rose fragrance. 
A pair of slender but powerful arms stopped him from falling. 
“Bella…” 
The man teared up at the thrill of her return. He spread his arms apart 
to hug her back, burying his nose in her hair to breathe in her scent.
She was once within his reach. 
Now, he had lost her, and he wished he could turn back time. 
Bella could barely breathe in his tight arms. 
She could not understand how a man, who had been through brain 
surgery and was in a coma for days, would have such a tight grip. It 
did not make sense. 
“Justin.” 
Bella put her hands on his shoulders and pushed him away. Alas, the 
man clung to her without moving an inch. 
“Get away from me. You stink!”
###chapter716
Justin gradually understood something since he fell in love with Bella. 
Bella was like a porcupine. She always wore a frowning face to him. and acted tough, with spikes, but 
in reality, she had a soft heart that 
was sincere and kind. 
He no longer had anything that could attract her. He could only shamelessly pester her to drag it out, 
cherishing every moment. 
In the past, she was the one who suffered grievances and seized every second to be by his side. 
Now, it was his turn. 
In the end, Bella could not leave the ward and decided to stay. 
“Don’t misunderstand me. I didn’t stay because of you. It’s because 
I’ve promised Grandpa Nigel and Carrie.” 
Bella steadied her mind and sat up beside the bed. “I’ll rest next door 
tonight. Call me if you need anything.” 
Justin quickly grabbed her hand. “Bella, sleep here tonight.” 
“The couch is uncomfortable. I can’t sleep.” Bella wanted to pull her 
hand away, but he held it firmly.
“We will sleep in the bed.” Justin’s voice was low, as if he were 
coaxing her. 
“Justin, do you have no shame?” Bella regretted not bringing a tape 
measure along in her pocket. She would like to see how thick this. 
man’s skin was! 
“Don’t misunderstand, Bella. If you’re unwilling, I won’t force you, 
though I really want you…” 
Amidst his words, Justin could not help but lean towards her, fire 
burning in his body. 
Want her? In his dreams! 
“You stink! Don’t come near me!” 
Bella moved backward to hide from Justin, pinching her nose in 
disdain. “I don’t want to sleep in the same room with you. I’m afraid 
I’ll faint in the middle of the night due to the stench.” 
“Do I stink? It’s not that bad.” 
Justin picked up the hem of his sleeves and sniffed. “When I was in 
the army, the conditions were terrible at the camp, and I could barely
shower once a week. It was much worse than this. After I returned to 
the Salvador Corporation, I could bathe every day. I wasn’t used to it 
at first.” 
Bella’s eyelashes fluttered. 
His past, the hardships he endured… Aside from himself, Bella was probably the one who understood 
it the best. 
Bella did not look down on Justin, but the knot in her heart was hard 
to unravel. Even though he held sincere feelings for her now, she could not persuade herself to take a 
step toward him. 
She once admired him, throwing herself at him like a moth to a flame. When he destroyed all of her 
love and passion, it was truly difficult to 
reignite her heart. 
“Bella, I’ll wipe my body quickly. Wait for me. 
Justin was afraid that Bella would find it unacceptable to share 
room with him, so he wanted to get out of bed to clean himself 
“You can’t touch water now. Don’t bother about it. You can continue 
to stink.” 
Bella pried Jsutin’s fingers off her hand one by one. “I’m going to
wash up.” 
In fact, Justin was still weak, but he refused to show his fragile side 
in front of the woman he loved. He might be traditional in this aspect, but as a man, he wanted to 
protect and support his woman. 
Taking a blow to the head should not be affecting him much. In the past, he was shot by a machine 
gun. How could he become weak and 
unable to take care of himself now? 
In front of Bella too! How embarrassing! 
At this moment, Justin leaned against the headboard, listening to the running water in the bathroom. 
It had been a long time since he felt so peaceful and quiet in his mind and experienced this simple 
happiness. 
Suddenly, he felt the urge to cry, so he gripped the bedsheets tightly.
###chapter717
When they were still married, Justin was never patient with Bella. He 
thought she always took slow baths, and he thought her skincare 
routine was a hassle. He thought she was wasting time whenever she prepared a table of delicious 
dishes. 
Those little moments they had together flashed across Justin’s eyes, and every scene caused a sharp 
pain in his heart. 
Creak- 
The bathroom door opened. 
Bella wrapped her long hair with a towel and walked out gracefully. Her bare face was moistened by 
the steam, looking rosy and charming. 
Justin’s pupils shrank instantly. He looked at her young and beautiful face, feeling a heartthrob he was 
unable to control. His Adam’s apple 
bobbed. 
“You look better without makeup.” 
“Alright, you said that before. Stop talking nonsense.” 
Bella grabbed the towel on her head and walked to the couch to sit down. She said with a sullen 
expression, “Also, shut up if you don’t know how to compliment others. What do you mean that I look 
better without makeup? I look beautiful all the time, like a goddess.”
“Yes, you are a goddess.” 
Justin stared at her fanatically. “I’ve always thought that you’re 
beautiful.” 
“Always? For how long?” 
“When we were married, I already thought that you were beauti 
Justin’s tone sounded sincere. 
“Haha. Justin, do you even believe your own words?” 
Bella curled her lips in disdain. “If you really think I’m pretty, would 
you have ignored me for three years?” 
Justin shut himself up. The more he spoke, the more mistakes he 
might make. 
He would beg for her forgiveness slowly. Anyway, Justin knew that 
Bella’s heart was not made of stone. 
Everything would become better, and they would eventually get back 
together. 
“I’m sleepy. You should go to sleep too.” 
Bella stretched like a cat and wanted to lie down on the couch when
someone knocked on the door. 
lan asked cautiously, “Mr. Salvador, are you and Young Madam retired for the night?” 
Bella frowned and wanted to speak, but Justin interrupted, “No. Come 
in.” 
The door opened. Jan, with two other bodyguards, brought in a king- sized bed while sweating 
profusely. 
The bed was so big that it could not fit through the door after several 
tries 
It took a lot of effort to finally enter. 
“Mr. Salvador, I’ve bought the bed you prepared for Young Ma 
lan panted while wiping his sweat. 
“Good work. Place it properly.” Justin nodded. 
Bella was raised in luxury. She could immediately recognize that the 
bed was the same as the one in her house, which was worth $2 
million! 
“Justin, what are you doing?”
“You can’t sleep on the couch, and you don’t want to sleep on my bed either. I had to get you a new 
one,” Justin said calmly. 
He would feel bad if she could not get a good night’s sleep. 
Bella was mad at how he took the liberty to buy a new bed. She walked to the bed and punched it. 
Oh, it’s so soft.
###chapter718
Outside the window, the cold breeze of the winter night howled. 
However, it was quiet, warm, and comfortable in the ward. 
The two beds were placed side by side. Although there was a gap 
between them, Justin felt that they were still sleeping on the same 
bed. 
Besides, lan was smart enough to place the two beds as close as 
possible. 
It was too late when Bella noticed it. lan and the bodyguards had left 
quickly, and she could not move the bed herself. Justin was still weak 
and could not be of any help. 
Bella lay on the bed, closed her eyes, and breathed evenly. 
Justin also lay down, smelling the pleasant scent emanating from her 
hair. His heart thumped, and the boring ceiling before his eyes 
seemed to transform into a romantic, starry sky. 
His palm felt warm and wet. His fingers trembled as he slowly moved
them toward Bella. 
“You’d better stay put.” Bella’s clear voice suddenly sounded in the 
night. 
Justin’s fingers stiffened. 
“If not, this will be the last night you have a right hand.” 
Sweat beaded Justin’s forehead as he smiled bitterly without a word. 
He lay still like a corpse for God knows how long. 
Finally, Bella’s breathing became steady, and she fell asleep. 
Justin gulped and took a deep breath. He made a big decision to 
slowly but firmly hold Bella’s warm hand. 
He gripped her hand tightly as their fingers interlocked. 
“Bella, I love you. Goodnight.” 
Justin closed his eyes in satisfaction, soon falling asleep. 
After a while, accompanied by a shallow snore, Bella discreetly 
opened her eyes and squeezed her fingers. Her heart raced violently. 
“Rascal. Good night.” 
After taking care of Justin for two days, Bella made time to return to
her home in Hatchbay. 
She had not come home for several days and was worried about 
Celeste. She needed to check on Celeste. On the other hand, she 
wanted to ask Mila if there was any method that could eliminate or effectively control Justin’s after- 
effects. 
Even though she was an outstanding doctor, she could not cure every 
illness. 
“Amelia, how is Aunt Celeste doing?” Bella hugged Amelia, who was 
teary-eyed, and asked with concern. 
“Mom kept hiding inside her room and refused to see anyone. She 
didn’t eat anything yesterday, and the lights in her room never went off. I think she didn’t sleep at all.” 
Amelia choked as she spoke, tears flowing from the corners 
eyes. “I’m scared it was too much for her, and she might do something stupid. Bella, what should I do?” 
“No, she won’t. Although your mother looks fragile, she’s a strong person deep down. She won’t be 
defeated so easily. Don’t overthink it.” Bella patted Amelia’s back and could feel that she had lost 
weight. Even hugging her was uncomfortable. 
It was needless to say how mad and upset she felt.
Her family was kind and had been low-profile enough. Why should they be harmed and schemed 
against by those despicable people? 
Why? 
“Ms. Bella, you’re finally back.” 
Steven rushed over with heavy, dark circles under his eyes. “Rest 
assured. I’ve been rotating with two other bodyguards to keep an eye 
on Madam Celeste 24/7. She won’t be in any danger. Don’t worry.” 
“Aunt Celeste has bodyguards, servants, Aunt Mila, and Aunt Sasha. Even my dad is watching over 
her. I left you here with one mission, which is to take care of Amelia. How did you do that? She’s lost so 
much weight!” 
Unable to suppress her anger anymore, Bella vented it at Steven.
###chapter719
Steven felt guilty and kept apologizing, “Sorry, Ms. Bella. I’m sorry. I didn’t take good care of Ms. 
Amelia. Please punish me.” 
“Bella, don’t punish Steven! He was already extremely busy and tired. He did his best to take care of 
me. Don’t blame him, okay?” Amelia’s face turned pale with fright as she begged, afraid of implicating 
Steven. 
“Well, he did make a mistake. Steven, your punishment is to take 
Amelia out for a day. Go to the best restaurant in Hatchbay and bring her to her favorite dessert place. 
Don’t come back before the sun 
sets. Do you hear me?” Bella had an iron face. 
Amelia was stunned. “B-Bella…’ 
Steven was relieved. He looked at Amelia with a gentle smile in his eyes. “Ms. Amelia, you’ll have to 
make do with me today.” 
Make do? 
Being able to go on a date with Steven alone was something Amelia 
would not even dare to dream of! 
But… 
“Amelia, don’t worry.”
Bella knew what Amelia was thinking and caressed her hair lovingly.” 
I’ll be in charge at home. Nothing will go wrong. You’ve been tense for 
many days and need to relax. It’s not good for your body to be 
stressed for too long. Go out and have some fun with Steven.” 
After sending Amelia and Steven away, Bella did not rush to see 
Celeste. Instead, she found Mila. 
“Don’t try to meet her now. She refused to see even your father. 
must have been a severe blow to her. She needs some time alon 
Mila looked down, feeling upset when she recalled what happened 
that day. 
“I’ll try to talk to Aunt Celeste later.” 
Bella pursed her lips and stayed silent for quite some time with her 
head hung low. Then, she spoke softly, “Aunt Mila, I have an 
unreasonable request.” 
“Child, what are you talking about? What unreasonable request?” 
Mila glared at Bella and poked her soft face. “If you keep acting 
politely with me, don’t look for me when you need something in the
future!” 
Bella giggled and leaned her head on Mila’s shoulder. “I was wrong. Then I’ll just say it. Aunt Mila, I 
heard you have a nephew in Meridan 
who is an excellent neurosurgeon. He is also the youngest Ph.D. in 
the history of the National Academy of Medicine in Meridan.” 
“Do you mean Arnold?” Mila frowned slightly. 
“Yes. Arnold Larson.” 
Bella blushed in embarrassment. “Can you please ask him to come to Savrow? I have a request.” 
Mila blinked and scrutinized her. “What happened? Did you two start dating online?” 
Bella was speechless. 
“Did you want him to come back to meet him in person?” 
Mila made herself excited as she spoke. She clapped her hands and 
exclaimed, “This is great! He’s a doctor from a scholarly family, and 
you’re a lady from a wealthy household. What a perfect match! Arnold is also my nephew, so I know 
him well. I am in favor of this marriage!” 
Bella frowned and smiled in exasperation. “Aunt Mila! Where are you 
getting these ideas? I need Dr. Larson for something urgent! Last
time in the car park, Justin suffered a grave head injury to save me. 
Although he had surgery, it left some after-effects. I can’t help him, so 
I wonder if Dr. Larson would have a way to treat him.” 
Looking at how anxious Bella was, Mila felt a mix of emotions. 
Mila still hated Justin, but she had to admit that he had contributed 
greatly. 
“Aunt Mila, what is it? Are you unwilling?” 
Bella sighed and blamed herself. “I was rash. I forgot that you’ve 
almost cut off all ties with the Larson family to be with my dad. It’s 
unreasonable of me to ask this.” 
“It’s not that. Although I don’t interact with the Larson family 
anymore, I’ve had a great relationship with Arnold. He respects me. 
But Arnold has an unconventional character, and even I can’t figure 
out what he’s thinking at times. I will try to persuade him, but if he’s unwilling, there’s nothing much I 
can do.” 
“If he’s unwilling, I have my ways.” 
Bella gritted her teeth and narrowed her eyes. “At worst, I’ll call Drew He has many methods to bring 
Arnold back, even if he’s overseas
###chapter720
Mila did not dare disturb Drew. She knew that Drew harbored a 
resentment toward her and this family. 
Although she poured her heart out for this family and sincerely loved Wyatt and his children, in Drew’s 
eyes, she would always be the 
woman who broke his father’s monogamous marriage. Celeste and 
Sasha came after her. 
If Mila had not intruded into their family, perhaps Wyatt would not 
have had so many women. 
Being the first “mistress” to appear, Mila bore the most criticism and pressure, always carrying 
immense guilt with her. 
“There’s no time to lose. I’ll call Arnold now.” 
As long as it was something Bella asked for, Mila had to solve it for 
her immediately. She picked up her phone and dialed her nephew’s 
number. 
After a few rings, a young and clear voice came from the other end of the phone. It sounded 
unexpectedly youthful. “Aunt Mila, I miss you 
so much!”
“Arnold, are you busy lately? You did not even call me. Are you having so much fun outside that you 
have forgotten your aunt?” Mila deliberately teased. 
“How could it be? You’re the last person I will ever forget. Beautiful women have a significant place in 
my heart, especially a beauty like you, Aunt Mila.” Arnold’s flattering words came effortlessly. 
Bella discreetly raised her brows. 
The way Arnold talked to Mila reminded Bella of the charming seducer, George Wickham from Jane 
Austen’s novel. 
It was not what she had imagined. 
“Arnold, you’re not young anymore. I could praise you for being charming if you said this when you 
were younger, but it’s corny now,” 
Mila chuckled as she teased. 
“Corny? I’m only 27. Men only start to seem corny when they’re thirty.” 
Arnold smirk. “If I’m not mistaken, quite a few of my cousins have reached thirty. You must have seen 
too many corny men. You should 
come to visit me in Meridan to cleanse your eyes. Haha!” 
Bella heard everything and gritted her teeth. She thought, ‘Why does 
this man have such a foul mouth?’ 
“Alright, alright, I won’t tease you anymore.” 
Mila cleared her throat and hesitated before saying, “Arnold, I actually
called you because I need a favor.” 
“Just tell me directly. Don’t use the word ‘favor”.” 
Mila paused for a moment and said softly, “Can you make time to come back to Savrow? I have an 
acquaintance who was struck in the 
head a few days ago and nearly lost his life. After undergoing surgery, 
his condition stabilized, but it left him with serious after-effects. 
Arnold, you are a genius in this field. Can you try to treat him for my 
sake?” 
“An acquaintance? Who is it?” Arnold asked. 
Mila glanced at Bella, who had a nervous look. “Come back first. bring you to meet him.” 
“Aunt Mila, you know my rules. The first thing I need to know is a 
patient’s identity and background. If not, I won’t do anything.” Arnold 
did not fall for it. 
This man was much harder to deal with than Bella had thought. 
Mila had no choice but to be honest. “He’s Justin Salvador, an 
important friend of Bella’s.” 
“Justin Salvador? The president of the Salvador Corporation in
Savrow?” Arnold’s tone immediately changed. 
“Yes.” 
“Aunt Mila, I have other matters to attend to. Goodbye.” 
“Arnold! Listen to me first!” 
“There’s nothing to be said, Aunt Mila. You know my rules. I went to Meridan alone, developing my 
career without anyone to rely on, 
because I couldn’t stand how the hospitals in Savrow worshiped private corporations and the rich. 
When I worked at a hospital in Savrow, I witnessed a poor couple kneel in front of the director’s office, 
begging for a heart transplant that should have belonged to their daughter!”
###chapter721
Arnold continued, “But do you know who the heart that was originally meant for the poor couple’s 
daughter went to? It went to Mayor 
Solloway’s son! That poor girl left this world in pain because she couldn’t wait for another donor!” 
The anger expressed by Arnold was like knives cutting through Bella’s heart. 
As a doctor herself, she could sympathize with his pain. 
“Arnold, I can understand your feelings, but…” 
“Aunt Mila, I’ve set rules for myself. I will never treat politicians, the powerful, or the wealthy. They are 
dripping with wealth. What doctor couldn’t they hire? I have a bad temper, and I’m not easy to mess 
with. If I step in, I might make things worse instead. Please find someone else.” 
Mila opened her mouth, but before she could say something, Arnold hung up. 
“Bella, I’m sorry. That brat… Even his parents couldn’t control him, let alone me.” Mila let out a worried 
sigh. 
Bella’s heart tightened. She pursed her lips but comforted Mila with a slight smile. “Aunt Mila, don’t feel 
bad about it. This has nothing to do with you. You’ve already tried your best to convince him. I’ll handle 
the rest.” 
Bella returned to her room with a heavy heart. After thinking about it, she called Drew. 
“Bella, do you miss me?” Drew sounded like he was panting, but his tone was still gentle and doting. 
“Drew, are you busy?” Bella asked.
“I just finished my daily routine training. Don’t worry about it. Why did you call me?” 
“Drew, aren’t you working at Meridan’s special agent headquarters? Would it be easy for you to 
investigate someone living in Meridan?” 
“It’s not just easy. In fact, it’s super easy.” Drew’s bragging skills were comparable to Axel’s. 
“Great. That’s great!” 
Bella said with a straight face, “Help me to investigate someone. He’s Aunt Mila’s nephew, Arnold 
Larson. He’s an outstanding and talented neurosurgeon.” 
“I know him,” Drew casually replied. 
“What?!” Bella was surprised. 
“It’s classified information. I can’t reveal much. Tell me, wha want?” Drew laughed heartily. 
“I want to know whether Arnold has any interests, weaknesses, o leverage I can use against him.” 
A sharp glint appeared in Bella’s eyes as she gritted her teeth. “I thi that guy is quite lecherous. Do you 
think I can send someone to seduce him? If necessary, I can take action myself!” 
“OMG! Bella, are you serious? What are you aiming for?” Drew was stunned, his voice raised to an 
octave higher. 
“I need Arnold to do me a big favor. I need him to come to Savrow!” 
“I’d rather cross-dress and sacrifice myself than let you endure this humiliation! Wait. What are you 
trying to do?”
Bella pursed her lips. “It’s a secret.” 
Drew sighed and thought, ‘Bella has grown up, with heavy concerns on her mind.” 
“Do you think this idea will work?” Bella sounded quite anxious. 
“I don’t think it will work if we send you as bait. If it was me, we might have a chance.” Drew pondered. 
Bella furrowed her brows in confusion. “What do you mean?”
###chapter722
Drew suddenly chuckled. “Arnold sig gay he’s not interested in women.” 
Bella’s hair instantly stood on endid. 
“Even if you want to seduce him, you’d chave do use a man. He can’t get it up with a woman.” 
As he spoke, Drew grinned wickedly. Hey, wwhy don’t you ask Axel to seduce him? He has a broad 
shoulder, a thin waisista and a perky butt— top per traits in their circle. If the Larson guy sawhinimh he 
wouldn’t be unable to resist and might take the bait!” leeaa’s lips twitched. 
Vasstiss the first time Drew praised Axel? 
Mittlecorget wwo weeks later, Justin was officially discharged the ospijahl. 
ligel personally care to pick him up on that day, keeping a lo rofile throughout the whole process to try 
to keep the media 
the car, Nigebbgrabboed Justin’s hand tightly and kept staring a 
ead, causing goosebburnos to spread on Justin’s body. 
Grandpa, is there anything weird on my head?” Justin could not help jut ask. 
Justin, you look good withthaabbuzz cut.” Nigel touched his hair and exclaimed. 
“I had this hairstyle when I was in the military academy. At that time, people said I was the campus 
heartthrob.” Justin curled his lips. 
His confidence returned.
“Anna’s skills are really something! Your head injury was sewn in a way that I couldn’t tell you had 
surgery. The stitches are so delicate…” 
Nigel exclaimed again. 
Thinking about Bella, Justin’s heart warmed, and he felt a sweet sensation. 
“Are you returning to Tideview Manor or coming home with me for lunch?” Nigel asked. 
“Grandpa, I miss Bella. I want to see her.” Justin’s body leaned forward as his eyes gleamed with 
anticipation. 
Although he was still in the car, his passionate heart had already flown toward Bella. 
“Good! It’s good that you know to look for your wife!” Nige and patted his grandson’s broad shoulder, 
happy that Justin finally caught on. 
“I will send you to Anna now! Haha, after surviving great danger, you’re sure to have amazing luck. I 
hope you can come back with your beautiful wife soon!” 
On the passenger seat, Matt listened to their conversation and purse his lips, trying to suppress his 
laughter. 
Justin’s cheeks felt a bit warm. He licked his dry lips, smiling like a teenager immersed in the 
sweetness of his first love. 
“Grandpa, thank you for your blessings.” 
Half an hour later, their car stopped at the underground parking lot of the KS World Hotel.
When Justin appeared in the lobby with his neat buzz cut, he immediately attracted the surprised gazes 
of the hotel staff. 
Now, he was smarter and more aloof. 
Bella did not like people who did not make reservations and tried to barge in. Thus, Justin found the 
administrative secretary who had shut him out before. Despite looking calm, Justin was actually 
nervous. His heart was pounding. 
“Hello, I’d like to meet Ms. Bella Thompson. Please inform her of my arrival. If she’s busy, I could wait 
as long as needed.” 
The secretary was stunned and asked in surprise, “Mr. Salvador, didn’t Ms. Thompson tell you? She’s 
not here anymore.”
###chapter723
Justin’s eyesswiddened, and he was dumbfounded. “Not here anymore? What/ddoyyou mean?” 
“Just two days accowwe received our latest appointment notice internally. Ms. Thompsonhhas been 
transferred back to the KS Group headquarters, officiallylysstepping down from the position of KS 
World Hotel’s general Imanageer Heerpposition will be arranged separately in the headquarters.” 
“What about the hotel?” 
“A high-level executive from nouuooverseas branch will be transferred back to take charge in Savrow!” 
The administrative secretary recalled BBella’s bbusy figure every day and the unforgettable time they 
worked together, revealing a contented smile. “In less than a year Mss Belladed the gradually declining 
hotel back on track. Now theestaaffiss motivated and has even achieved performance targets that 
haveah’tbbeen reach the past decade. Chairman Thompson was very satisfed with Ms Thompson’s 
results, so he transferred her backkoot the head With Ms. Thompson’s ability, she should 
spreadcheemwings on greater platform instead of being confined to this shootel it’s a ofabient.” 
Joanimnodded as he listened. idceed his wife was brilliant and capable. Being a mere hotel 
anageerwas simply wasting her talents. 
Wait! This was not the problem! 
He thought, ‘This is a big deal. Why didn’t Bella tell me about this?!’ 
“Then where can I find Ms. Bella?” Justin panicked a little and asked anxiously. 
The secretary was exasperated. “How would I know about Ms. Thompson’s whereabouts? I don’t have 
such capabilities. Mr.
Salvador, you are the president of the Salvador Corporation. Are you worried you can’t find Ms. Bella?” 
Justin felt disappointed. 
He was so worried that he felt his hair would turn white. 
KS Group’s headquarters were located in the most prosperous and expensive business district in 
Hatchbay. 
Its office building soared into the clouds and was one of the most iconic buildings in Hatchbay. 
At 3:00 p.m., employees from all departments craned their ne looking at the spacious and bright 
corridor, where a group of hi level executives in suits hurried toward the first floor. 
The news of Bella’s arrival spread throughout the whole company morning. Every department, even the 
janitors, had heard about it. 
“Wow! Such a grand scene! Are all these people here to welcome Ms Bella Thompson?” 
“Although she is Chairman Thompson’s daughter, she isn’t on our management team. Do we need to 
give her such a grand reception?” 
“I heard that since Ms. Thompson took over the KS World Hotel in 
Savrow a year ago, the business has thrived and gained a reputation. Their performance increased 
tenfold! Chairman Thompson saw how 
capable she is, so she may work in the headquarters in the future!” 
“Tsk, who knows if it’s really her achievements? Chairman Thompson might have helped her behind 
the scenes. She’s merely a woman in her twenties. Playing with jewelry and design might be fine, but
leading a company? Is she capable?” 
“Alright, stop talking. She’s here!” 
In the lobby on the first floor, all the high-level executives held their breaths and stayed focused. They 
wore a standard black suit and stood in two rows. 
It was a rule in the KS Group. On important days, or when welcoming a big shot like Chairman 
Thompson, all the participating executives had to wear the business suits distributed by the group with 
a badge on their chest. It was neat and professional. 
A Rolls-Royce stopped in front of the entrance. Steven got car first and opened the door respectfully. 
The man who then stepped out of the car was Asher, the CEO Group. 
“Good afternoon, Mr. Asher!” Two executives who came out to g them bowed deeply.
###chapter724

Asher nodded slightly and turned around, extending his hand, a fond smile playing on his lips.
"Bella."
"I'm coming,"
With a crisp and pleasant response, a pair of slender legs leisurely stepped out of the car, wearing black and gold ultra-high heels. Her black skirt swayed, and her skin was as fair as the snow. Any man would feel their blood surge when they saw these legs.
Bella put her hand on Asher's extended palm and stepped down.
"Ms. Bella, good afternoon!"
Bella nodded slightly. "Sorry to keep you waiting. It's cold outside. Let's go in."
When the siblings entered the crowd's field of vision, everyone sighed in amazement at their beauty.
"She's too beautiful. Ms. Bella is much more beautiful in person than on TV!"
"Indeed. A handsome man like Mr. Asher is standing beside her, but I can't tear my eyes away from Ms. Bella! She's so beautiful that even a woman would fall in love with her!"
Before Bella revealed her face, some people were skeptical of her.
But once she showed herself, she had won over a wave of fans without doing anything.
She was like a must of Chanel, slaying and capturing every man's heart!
"Welcome, Ms. Bella!"
The two rows of executives bowed in unison. Bella and Asher looked straight ahead as they walked side by side.
"Should I give you a tour around the group to get familiar with the environment?" Asher turned his handsome face and asked with a gentle smile.
"That could wait. I want to see the office you prepared for me first." Bella narrowed her eyes and playfully poked Asher's arm, catching him off guard.
Asher turned his gaze towards her dotingly. "Okay."
Asher led Bella toward her office. Only Steven trailed behind.
"Oh! Asher! Bella!"
The siblings halted their footsteps and both turned around.
They saw a well-dressed, middle-aged man walking briskly towards them, his face beaming. Behind him were his secretary and a few subordinates.
"Hi, Uncle Cameron." Bella greeted him with a grin.
The man walking toward them had a harmonious smile and a graceful demeanor. He was Wyatt's only brother, the vice chairman of KS Group, Cameron Thompson.
Although Cameron was not as stunningly handsome as his brother, he still looked dignified. Compared to Wyatt, who was stern-faced and intimidating in front of others, Cameron was clearly much more approachable, always wearing a smile on his face.
"Bella, it's been years since I saw you. You have grown to be even more beautiful!" Cameron looked at Bella and was pleasantly surprised.
"Yeah, it's been many years, and you seem to be getting younger and healthier, Uncle Cameron." Bella still maintained a polite tone.
"Bella, you're still as sweet as when you were a child!"
Cameron smiled and looked at Asher. "Asher, judging from the direction you're heading, are you bringing Bella to see her new office?"
###chapter725
“Bella, I heard from your father that you will start working in the group. Which department are you going 
to? What position? I’m not very busy today, so why don’t I bring you around to get familiar with the 
environment?” 
Facing their uncle’s passionate attitude, Bella and Asher exchanged a glance. Asher said indifferently, 
“We will wait for Dad’s arrangement. believe you will give Bella a suitable position that could let her 
showcase her talents. We will inform you immediately once we get the news.” 
“Oh, that’s great! Then I’ll wait for your good news.” 
Cameron suddenly thought of something and looked at Bella with a smile. “Bella, upon hearing that 
you’re going to start working here, Cecily prepared a special gift for you. She had it sent to your office. 
Let’s take a look at it!” 
Cecily Thompson was Cameron’s only daughter and Bella’s cousin 
Although they had not seen each other for years, their relationship was still as hostile as ever. 
“Is that so? I’ll have to thank Cecily.” Bella curled her lips. 
They walked towards her new office 
“Ms. Bella, look, what is that?” Steven’s eyes widened as he pointed at the office door. 
Bella’s delicate brows furrowed. She also saw the two eye-catching here, with a difficulty level ten 
times that of KS World Hotel. You must be careful before doing anything, especially toward Uncle 
Cameron. He has people on his side in the group, and Dad has been indulging him because he is
Dad’s only brother. When you go up against Uncle Cameron, you need to be cautious and always have 
a backup plan.” 
“I understand.” 
Bella’s gaze deepened. “If they know their place and behave themselves, I won’t mistreat them. 
Everyone will be happy. But if they have ulterior motives, they should not blame me for being ruthless 
and destroying decades of their reputation.” 
Asher narrowed his eyes. “Bella, you’re quite confident. Don’t forget that Uncle Cameron is the vice 
chairman.” 
Bella arrogantly raised her chin. “So what? My dad is the chairman. I’m not afraid of him!” 
“Oh, right. Have you told Justin about you leaving the KS World Hotel?” Asher suddenly asked. 
Bella blinked and pursed her lips. “Why should I tell him? anybody to me?” 
Asher was stunned for a moment. He smiled bitterly. 
At this moment, Bella’s phone vibrated. Her heart tightened. the devil! Could it be that rascal? 
She took out her phone and found Christopher’s name on the so instead. 
Asher discreetly looked at her phone screen and frowned. He wo rather it be Justin than Christopher. 
“Chris?” Bella took the call with a calm voice. 
“Bella, I’m in Hatchbay now.”
Over the phone, Christopher’s voice sounded gentle and affectionate. Bella could faintly hear the 
unique sound of the sea breeze in the background. “You must be in Hatchbay too. Are you free? I’d like 
to meet you.” 
Bella looked at her watch and was a little surprised. “Now?” 
“It’s okay if it’s not convenient. I can wait for you, no matter how long.”
###chapter726
The smile on Cameron’s face stiffened, on the verge of cracking. 
The siblings entered her office. 
As soon as the door closed, Bella sneered, crossing her arms as she sat down on the couch.. 
“Cecily, that damned brat. I haven’t even officially joined the group and she already can’t wait to cause 
trouble for me. She’s restless but stupid.” 
Asher poured a glass of water and handed it to Bella. He sighed helplessly. “In kindergarten, you 
competed for stellar stars. In elementary school, you competed for the leading role in school plays. She 
proclaimed herself your rival, but she has never won against you. If I were her, I’d give up long ago, but 
her fighting spirit increases the more she loses.” 
“I’ve always been better than her since we were kids. Does she think she could beat me now that we’ve 
grown up?” 
Bella drank some water as her gaze darkened. “Times are different now. If she dares to hurt my 
interests, I will not care about any blood or family ties.” 
“Of course you won’t. You always refuse to suffer any losses.” 
Asher sat beside Bella and held her shoulder, muttering, “When you officially start working, you will 
realize that it’s another battlefield 
here, with a difficulty level ten times that of KS World Hotel. You must be careful before doing anything, 
especially toward Uncle Cameron. He has people on his side in the group, and Dad has been indulging
him because he is Dad’s only brother. When you go up against Uncle Cameron, you need to be 
cautious and always have a backup plan.” 
“I understand.” 
Bella’s gaze deepened. “If they know their place and behave 
themselves, I won’t mistreat them. Everyone will be happy. But if they have ulterior motives, they 
should not blame me for being ruthless and destroying decades of their reputation.” 
Asher narrowed his eyes. “Bella, you’re quite confident. Don’t forget that Uncle Cameron is the vice 
chairman.” 
Bella arrogantly raised her chin. “So what? My dad is the chairman. I’m not afraid of him!” 
“Oh, right. Have you told Justin about you leaving the KS World Hotel?” Asher suddenly asked. 
Bella blinked and pursed her lips. “Why should I tell him? Is he anybody to me?” 
Asher was stunned for a moment. He smiled bitterly. “That’s true.” 
At this moment, Bella’s phone vibrated. Her heart tightened. Speak of the devil! Could it be that rascal? 
She took out her phone and found Christopher’s name on the screen instead. 
Asher discreetly looked at her phone screen and frowned. He would rather it be Justin than 
Christopher. 
726. 
“Chris?” Bella took the call with a calm voice.
“Bella, I’m in Hatchbay now.” 
Over the phone, Christopher’s voice sounded gentle and affectionate. 
Bella could faintly hear the unique sound of the sea breeze in the background. “You must be in 
Hatchbay too. Are you free? I’d like to meet you.” 
Bella looked at her watch and was a little surprised. “Now?” 
“It’s okay if it’s not convenient. I can wait for you, no matter how long.”
###chapter727
On the roadside opposite the KS Group, Christopher leaned against his car and stood under the golden 
sunset with his hands in his pockets. He stared at the entrance to the KS Group with a deep gaze. 
He had been waiting the past few days for Bella to contact him, even if it was just a message. However, 
his hopes were in vain, indirectly confirming one thing. 
The woman he loved did not have a place for him in her heart. 
But he knew for sure that Bella still reserved a place for Justin in her heart. It was just that the shadow 
of divorce loomed between them, and Bella was unwilling to admit she still harbored feelings for Justin. 
Thinking about this, Christopher adjusted his golden-rimmed glasses with a sinister gaze, emanating a 
chill that even the radiant sunlight could not penetrate. 
“Chris.” 
Upon hearing the crisp voice calling out to him, a warm smi returned to Christopher’s gloomy face. 
“Bella, you finally came.” 
Bella walked briskly toward him, with her hands behind her back. tilted her head and asked, “Finally? 
Did you wait for long? Didn’t y just arrive a while ago?” 
She was like a bright and cheerful young woman, identical to the gir who saved him from the abyss 15 
years ago. 
Whenever he saw her, he could not move his burning gaze away from
her face, even though he was not a man who coveted beauty. 
“It’s been quite long. Ever since we last met at Madam Celeste’s birthday banquet, I’ve been looking 
forward to meeting you again.” Christopher’s smile could not hide his sorrow. Coupled with his pale 
complexion, he felt like a broken man, evoking pity from Bella.. 
Bella was stunned for a moment. 
Only then did she recall that she had not greeted him and Sophie properly, as she had left in a hurry 
that day. 
It was impolite of her. 
“Sorry. That day… You knew what happened. It was a mess. I was worried about my family, so…” 
“Bella, you really should apologize to me.” Christopher’s expression suddenly became stern. 
Bella was stunned. “What?” 
“Why didn’t you ask for my help? It’s not a small matter.” 
Christopher took a step closer and complained in a low voice, “Be don’t you trust me? Do you think I 
can’t help you?” 
“Chris, it’s not like that.” 
“I only hate the fact that I arrived too late that day. I’m not as fast as Justin, or I would immediately rush 
to protect you too.” Christopher’s breathing became heavy, and complicated emotions surged in his 
eyes. 
Chap 727
“Don’t. If you get hit by the metal bat, your head will split into two.” 
Bella quickly waved her hands, feeling suffocated when she looked into Christopher’s eyes. “It’s 
enough for Justin to take the hit. Chris, you don’t need to join in the mess.” 
“Why could he take the hit for you, but I can’t? Do you think only 
Justin could protect you?” Christopher’s eyes reddened, and his voice was tense. 
Bella slightly leaned backward. She was a little surprised by his reaction. “I don’t mean it that way. I 
don’t hope for you to get hurt. Why do you want to get hurt? It’s not allowed, even for my sake.” 
A rare warmth surged in Christopher’s heart as he glanced at her affectionately. “Bella, do you care 
about me?” 
Bella’s heart skipped a beat. 
“Do you care about me?” 
After they divorced, Justin would always ask brainless questions like this. Every time, she would shoot 
him down with harsh words, I g him in tatters. 
However, in the depths of her heart, she still felt a tingling pain. 
But when Christopher asked this question, her heart was calm. S felt too calm. There was nothing 
wrong with it; it just proved that Justin was more important to her.
###chapter728
“I just thought I might not be able to save you. Then, you wouldn’t be 
a hero saving a beauty but would cause trouble for me instead.” 
Bella simply found an excuse. “Justin has a better physical condition than the average man. The 
chances of the surgery succeeding on him were higher than others. If it were you, I might fail to save 
you. Do you want me to carry the guilt forever?” 
Christopher’s lips curled downward as his heart fell. 
“Oh, right. Welcome to Hatchbay! Let me treat you to dinner tonight?” Bella smiled and invited him. She 
could not let him come for nothing. 
“Bella, come back to Savrow with me. We’ll eat there.” 
Christopher’s eyes suddenly lightened. “Also, I want to bring you somewhere. I think you’ll like it.” 
Bella considered it and then nodded slightly. 
She was not too interested in the place Christopher mentioned, but she had to go to Savrow anyway to 
meet Ralph and investigate the person scheming against Celeste. 
Bella insisted on treating Christopher, so he let her. He chose the restaurant they went to the first time 
they had dinner together. 
They had a pleasant dinner, but as Bella had worries in her heart, she was still frowning with worry. 
213
“Is Madam Celeste’s matter not resolved yet?” Christopher sipped a 
mouthful of wine and asked. 
“That criminal is still in custody. He admitted to all the charges,” Bella said in a low voice, gripping her 
glass tightly. 
“Have you found any leads?” Christopher suddenly asked. 
Bella’s heart skipped a beat. “Why are you asking this? Do you have any ideas?” 
Christopher curled his lips. He unlocked his phone and quickly pressed on something, showing it to her. 
Bella took his phone in confusion and opened a series of pictures. It was that criminal’s information! 
“Twenty years ago, this man worked for TS Channel and changed his career path to become a stunt 
double. A few years later, he had an accident and fractured his left leg, eventually leaving TS Channel.” 
Although he had undergone treatment, he could only walk to meet his daily needs and couldn’t perform 
action scenes anymore. He lived in poverty all these years,” Christopher said casually as he poured 
another glass of wine for her. 
Bella suddenly recalled that the man indeed walked in a strange posture when the police took him into 
custody. 
“At that time, Madam Celeste and Shannon Quarry were competitors and were both the face of TS 
Channel. Rumors of their fierce competition were rampant. On Madam Celeste’s birthday, Shannon 
even postponed her own birthday celebration to Sunday to steal the spotlight from Madam Celeste. 
Unexpectedly, the guests she invited 
all went to Madam Celeste’s birthday banquet, and even Old Master Nigel disregarded Shannon.” 
Christopher raised his brows and smiled playfully. “Do you think 
Shannon would hold a grudge and target Madam Celeste?” 
Bella pursed her lips and took a deep breath. “In fact, I suspected 
Shannon since the incident happened, but I don’t have evidence.” 
Christopher narrowed his eyes and sent her a few more photos. 
“This is…?” 
“That man’s apartment,” Christopher replied casually. 
The photos portrayed a dim and cramped space with dirty and. disordered surroundings. The walls of 
the apartment were covered with pictures and posters of Shannon when she was a celebrity. It was like 
a creepy crime scene in the movies! 
“This man is obsessed with Shannon. It means he has a motive. 
Bella, could this be considered indirect evidence?” 
Bella’s eyes widened in shock. “You sent someone to his apartment?!” 
Christopher wiped his mouth gracefully with a table napkin. “It’s nothing. No need to thank me, Bella. 
Bella was a little moved. “Trespassing is a crime. You could be jailed.” 
Christopher’s handsome face had a faint smile. “He almost hurt you and caused harm to your family. Is 
that a crime? I’m merely doing God’s work.”
###chapter729
Bella thought, ‘Well, it makes sense!’ 
After paying the bill, Bella got up and went to the washroom. 
Right after she left, her phone started vibrating on the table. 
Christopher leaned forward and lowered his eyes. He pressed on the 
screen with a finger and dragged the phone to him. 
Then, his gaze turned cold, and he picked up the phone, putting it against his ear. 
“Bella, can you talk now? Bella?” 
On the other end of the phone, Justin called out affectionately. 
Christopher did not speak. 
Seeing that there was no response, Justin’s voice became hoarse ” Bella, where are you now? Can I 
meet you?” 
Christopher pulled his lips into a sneer and hung up. 
Two seconds later, Justin called again. 
Christopher snorted and added Justin’s number to the blacklist, ther 
returned the phone to its place. 
“Sorry for the wait. Let’s go.”
At this moment, Bella returned. She touched up her lipstick, and her 
fair skin was delicate and flawless. 
Christopher’s throat bobbed as he looked at her with a smile. “Okay.” 
Bella sat in the passenger seat of Christopher’s sports car as they 
drove toward the east side of the city. 
“Where are we going?” Bella asked. 
“We’ll be reaching soon.” 
Twenty minutes later, the car entered East Meadows, a newly built 
racecourse for horses. 
“A racecourse?!” Bella rolled down the window, her eyes shining. 
“Do you remember when we were young and I still lived in Hatchbay? You always sneaked me into 
your family’s racecourse and let me feed the horses with you.” Christopher turned sideways to look at 
her and smiled warmly. 
“I remember! You were a scaredy-cat and didn’t even dare to touch the horses.” Bella’s tone lightened 
up when she spoke of the past 
Christopher smiled wryly, somewhat exasperated. In fact, he was scared of the horse, but he was 
afraid of getting his hands dirty. 
“This racecourse belongs to the Iverson family. It was just complet this autumn and not yet opened to 
the public.”
After parking the car, Christopher led Bella and walked into the 
racecourse. 
“Both of you, stop!” 
Unexpectedly, they were stopped by two bodyguards at the entrance.” We are not open to the public 
yet. Tourists are not allowed!” 
Bella could not help feeling stunned, casting a complex gaze at 
Christopher, who was expressionless. 
Lance Iverson’s sons, James and Charles, were well-known 
throughout the Iverson Group, but Christopher was denied entry by two bodyguards. 
The difference in treatment made even an outsider like Bella feel infuriated. 
“Bella, I’m sorry.” 
Christopher frowned slightly with a bitter smile. “It’s rare for you to come out with me, but I let you 
witness such an awkward situation.”
###chapter730
Bella did not feel awkward. If she did, she would be looking down on Christopher. 
She could distinguish love from hate, but she would never look down 
on or scorn anyone. It was not how she was raised. 
“It’s alright. Since they refused to let us in, we can come here when it’s open to the public. Let’s go.” 
Bella did not want to cause Christopher any trouble. She said calmly,” If you want to ride a horse, we 
can go to my family’s racecourse. It’s the same thing.” 
Just as she prepared to leave, Christopher grabbed her hand, tightening his grip. “Bella, don’t go. We 
must get in tonight.” 
Bella’s fingertips trembled, and she instinctively wanted to pull her hand away but failed. 
Christopher’s tone was dominating. Since they reunited, this w first time Bella saw his assertive side. 
The bodyguards exchanged a glance and said coldly, “You’d leave soon. If not, we won’t be so polite 
anymore. Mr. Charles is receiving guests inside, and unauthorized personnel are not allow to disturb 
him!” 
Bella rolled her eyes. 
Unauthorized personnel? How could they have such audacity? 
“Oh? Is that so?”
Christopher regained his composure instead and casually walked to the bodyguards. “What if I had to 
go in?” 
“Are you looking for trouble?” 
A bodyguard glared at Christopher fiercely and acted as if he were about to push him. 
Unexpectedly, before his hand even touched Christopher’s shirt, he felt the world spin around him. His 
arm made a cracking sound, then he screamed in pain. 
Bella’s eyes widened. She watched as the bodyguard was thrown to the ground with a suplex. The 
bodyguard could not get up again. 
The other bodyguard was enraged and rushed forward, but the same thing happened. 
“Bella, let’s go.” Christopher pulled a white napkin from his pocket and wiped his hands, saying gently 
to Bella. 
He gave off a scholarly demeanor, looking graceful as if he had nothing to do with the man who threw 
hands just now. 
Bella was speechless. 
Christopher pursed his lips. He grabbed her hand again, walking forward while looking straight. 
“Wait! Who are you?” The bodyguards on the ground asked with a grimace. 
Christopher’s footsteps halted. “I’m an Iverson.” 
The two bodyguards collapsed, their faces pale with fright. 
On the other side, Justin, who could not contact Bella, sat anxiously
in his car. 
“Mr. Salvador, are you unable to contact Young Madam?” lan looked 
worried. 
“Yeah. Although Bella hates me, she would never ignore my calls.” 
Justin gripped his phone, sweat forming on his palm. His brows furrowed. “lan, did I do something 
wrong to piss her off again? Since I hurt my head, my memory has been a bit off. Help me recall. What 
did I say or do wrong?” 
Seeing the usually confident man in such a worried state, lan felt that he was a different man from the 
boss who held his ground in business affairs. 
“Well… You’ve not seen Young Madam recently, so you don’t have the chance to make her angry.” 
lan scratched his head and went off with his imagination. “Perhaps Young Madam had a dream last 
night? She dreamed about how you treated her before and woke up mad, so she ignored you.” 
Justin was speechless. “A dream?” 
lan said with experience, “I had a girlfriend when I was studying at university. She was always finding 
something to fight about. One day, she dreamed about me cheating on her, and she quarreled with me 
all day! We broke up not long after.” 
Justin’s face darkened. “Do you think my Bella is like the kind of 
ridiculous woman you know?”
lan then realized he had misspoken. Beads of cold sweat formed on his forehead. “Definitely not! I’m 
sorry!” 
Justin had a gloomy expression, sighing while rubbing his temples.
###chapter731
How could Justin control someone else’s dreams? 
However, he was indeed an asshole in the past, probably leaving quite a shadow in Bella’s heart. 
“Why don’t you try to contact Mr. Asher? We know that Young Madam has returned to Hatchbay, and 
Mr. Asher will definitely know Young Madam’s whereabouts!” lan racked his brains and thought of an 
idea. 
Justin glanced at him coldly. “I am the president of the Salvador Corporation. How could I fail to find 
one person and even have to call her family? What if Asher doesn’t know where she is? Do I have to 
call all her brothers? Get lost! You’re an eyesore.” 
“Yes, sir. I’ll take my leave now!” 
lan knew Justin was in a bad mood, so he quietly retreated. 
After he closed the car door, Justin immediately took his p and dialed Asher’s number. 
“Mr. Salvador, are you feeling better?” Asher’s tone was calm revealing no other emotions. 
“Is Bella with you?” Justin sounded a little anxious. 
“Bella is not with me. Why? Are you unable to contact my sister?” 
Justin heaved a sigh. “She didn’t pick up my calls. I called her seve times.” 
“Oh, that’s expected.” 
Justin was rendered speechless. 
“I’m not sure where Bella went. She’s not a kid anymore. She doesn’t 
need to report her whereabouts to me. In the past, she even lost 
contact with us for a few years to be with you.” 
“For me? She didn’t contact her family for years? Why?” Justin was surprised and questioned 
sensitively. 
Noticing that he had slipped up, Asher quickly changed the topic. “Mr. Salvador, is there anything 
urgent you need Bella for? Does your head hurt?” 
“No. I’m just worried about her.” 
“There’s no need. Bella always knew how to avoid danger and protect herself. When she wants to meet 
you, she will naturally appear. If you can’t reach her, it means she doesn’t want to see you for the time 
being.” 
Listening to Asher’s words, Justin felt as if his heart was pricked by needles. Although it was not fatal, 
the tingling pain spread throughout his body. 
After hanging up, he fell into a daze and despair. His phone was drenched with sweat from his palms. 
However, Asher’s words caused a ripple in his heart. 
Bella did not contact her family for a few years. Coincidentally, he had the same experience. 
During those years when she left home, what did she do? Where did she go? Why had he never heard 
of her mentioning it?
After entering the racecourse, Christopher still grabbed Bella’s hand tightly without letting go. 
“Chris? Chris? Christopher!” 
Christopher returned to his senses after Bella called him three times.” 
What?” 
Bella pursed her lips, glaring at him. She lowered her gaze and looked 
at their clasped hands. 
“Sorry, Bella. I was too fired up just now. I apologize.” 
Christopher’s eyes flickered as he slowly released her hand. 
The atmosphere suddenly became awkward. 
They were both unmarried adults, and Bella had been divorced once. She was not a teenage girl who 
knew nothing. If she fixated on holding hands with a man, it might seem pretentious. 
Bella took a deep breath and said seriously, “Why didn’t you them who you were earlier? If you make it 
clear, there will be no misunderstanding, and you don’t need to resort to violence.” 
“Bella, do you think they’d let me in if I told them my identity?” 
Christopher smiled mockingly. “They would only inform my broth and I would be denied entry anyway. 
The results would be the same 
Bella did not press further. She had no intention of meddling in the Iverson brothers’ fight. It was not 
something an outsider like her could manage.
# 
“Chris, why did you bring me to a racecourse? To ride a horse?” 
“I want you to see a horse. I guarantee you’ll love it.”
###chapter732
As he spoke, Christopher could not help but want to hold Bella’s hand 
again. 
Suddenly recalling her discomfort, his hand paused mid-air, his 
fingers trembling and curling slightly. 
Bella’s heart tightened along with his trembling fingers. 
At this moment, Christopher’s secretary ran over, panting with sweat 
on his forehead. 
“Mr. Christopher! Things are bad!” 
Christopher frowned. “What’s wrong?” 
“Mr. Charles has taken the horse you wanted to give Ms. Bella to the 
racecourse.” 
Upon hearing it, Christopher adjusted his glasses, his eyes burning with rage. His expression turned 
frosty. 
On the other side, Charles had his horse trainer lead a well- proportioned and majestic Akhal-Teke with 
a shiny coat for display to the guests he invited. 
“Mr. Charles, this horse is a rare treasure! I’ve only heard of it before. It’s my first time seeing it!”
“This horse must cost at least ten million!” 
“Thirty thousand? You’ve underestimated it.” 
Charles could not hide his smile as he gently stroked the Akhal-Teke’s 
silky 
ky coat. “This Akhal-Teke is a rare breed from overseas. There are not many of them. This horse is 
worth at least $15 million.” 
The guests exclaimed and took out their phones to take pictures. 
They could afford it, but they would much rather use the money to buy sports cars, villas, or yachts. If 
they bought a horse, the maintenance fees would be extravagant. Only extremely wealthy 
families like the Iversons, Thompsons, and Salvadors would own 
such an expensive pet.. 
“Come. Give me a hand. I want to see if this horse runs well.” 
Charles rubbed his palms and grabbed the saddle, about to climb 
onto the horse. 
“Who allowed you to touch my belongings?” 
Suddenly, a cold voice sounded, taking everyone present by surprise! 
“Fuck!” 
Charles was also frightened. He missed a step and fell off the horse.
Luckily, the horse trainer quickly caught him, but he still looked 
embarrassed. 
“Oh! Mr. Charles, be careful!” The guests acted concerned, but they were suppressing their laughter. 
Charles gritted his teeth and pushed the horse trainer away. He 
turned around and glared fiercely at the two figures that approached. 
It was Bella and Christopher. A handsome couple like them was a 
feast for the eyes! 
“Look! Who is that woman? She’s so pretty. She looks familiar!” 
“It’s Wyatt Thompson’s daughter, Bella Thompson!” 
“The man beside Ms. Bella is… Oh God! They look perfect together!” 
“I remember now! He’s Lance Iverson’s fourth son, who just returned 
to the country! I didn’t know he was so close to Ms. Bella. He must be 
an extraordinary man!” 
Seeing that Christopher stole his spotlight in a scene he set up, Charles was so furious that his eyes 
turned red. 
Bella did not pay attention to Charles’ ever-changing expression. 
Her lips parted as she stared at the shiny Akhal-Teke, letting out a sigh of admiration.
“Beautiful… It’s so beautiful.” 
Christopher turned around and looked at the radiant woman beside him. His gaze turned gentle as he 
smiled softly. 
“Christopher, why did you come over?” Charles straightened his back and patted the dust off his body 
with a plastered smile. 
“Charles, how’s my horse? Does it really make you so proud to flaunt someone else’s belongings 
everywhere?” 
Christopher tilted his head and glanced at Charles disdainfully. “If you really want it, you could just ask 
to borrow it from me. What’s the point of secretly taking possession of it?” 
“You…” Charles turned green from the embarrassment. 
“But even 
if you ask, I won’t lend it to you.”
###chapter733
Upon hearing these words, Charles’ expression fell. 
The crowd was stunned. Christopher Iverson spoke so arrogantly, and 
his attitude was provocative. 
They started whispering to each other. 
“These two Iverson brothers don’t seem to get along well, huh?” 
“Don’t get along well? They look like enemies!” 
“Did Mr. Christopher say the horse belongs to him? Does it mean Mr. 
Charles touched his stuff without telling him?” 
“Isn’t this inappropriate?” 
The murmurs reached Charles’ ears, and he could not bear it 
anymore. He gritted his teeth and said coldly, “Christopher, it’s just a 
horse. Do you need to say such words in front of so many people?” 
“Yes.” 
Christopher’s delicate brows furrowed as he said aggressivel 
were an ordinary horse, I would be generous enough to let you h
But this is a gift I intended for Bella. She hasn’t even seen it, yet you’ve already touched it. Do you think 
it’s appropriate?” 
Bella’s excited gaze still lingered on the Akhal-Teke. When she hea Christopher’s words, her eyes 
widened! 
“Charles, how did you become more disgraceful over the years?” 
Christopher did not conceal his mockery, not even with his brother. ” Didn’t Dad tell you that touching 
someone else’s belongings without permission is rude?” 
Charles felt as if Christopher’s words were a slap in the face. His composure cracked. 
He did not care about the guests he invited. However, the humiliation. multiplied a hundredfold with 
Bella’s presence. Anger surged in his 
veins. 
“Since you wanted to give this horse to Ms. Bella, why did you tie it up 
here? If you tie it here, I’ll assume it’s a horse from our family’s 
racecourse. I am an Iverson. Can’t I take it out for a walk?” 
Christopher pushed his glasses. His lips curled into a sneer. “If you’re tied up here, does it mean I could 
take you out for a walk too?” 
“You!” 
Someone in the crowd could not suppress their laughter. Charles’ face flushed with anger, and he took 
a step forward, clenching fists.
If his secretary had not stopped him, Charles would have rushed and grabbed Christopher’s collar! 
“Chris, it’s not a big deal. Don’t ruin the mood.” 
Bella lightly touched Christopher’s arm and said, “Let us not disturb Mr. Charles and his guests. We 
can walk around somewhere else.” 
“Okay.” 
Christopher went forward to take the horse’s leash and left with Bella 
under everyone’s watchful gaze. 
At this moment, he was like Prince Charming, strolling under the 
starry sky with his beloved princess. 
Charles gritted his teeth in hatred. He hated how Christopher humiliated him in public. Even more so, 
he hated how Christopher brought Bella around the racecourse as if they were on a date, treating him 
like he was invisible! 
In the lounge, Charles angrily downed a glass of whiskey, then smashed the glass on the floor. 
“Bastard… He’s just a stupid mutt. Why is he acting all arrogant?” 
“Mr. Charles, he’s not arrogant because he has an Akhal-Teke. He’s arrogant because he has a reason 
to humiliate you in front of the guests,” Charles’ secretary huffed.
###chapter734
Charles glared at him. “Do you mean that I gave him the chance to 
humiliate me?” 
“No! Please don’t take my words wrongly. I’m just feeling indignant 
for you! After all, you’re the one appointed by Chairman Iverson to marry Ms. Bella!” Cold beads 
formed on the secretary’s forehead. 
“I don’t need you to feel indignant on my behalf. I need ideas!” Charles was so agitated that he started 
breathing irregularly, and his hand 
trembled. 
Seeing this, the secretary hastily brought a new glass and filled it with 
whiskey. Charles drank it in one gulp, slowly calming down. 
Who would have thought that the graceful and well-mannered man 
was actually a manic man who needed alcohol to numb his nerves 
and could not control his emotions? 
“If that guy made you mad, you should return the favor. At least, you 
shouldn’t let him have a smooth and happy date with Ms. Bella,” the 
secretary said in a low voice.
Charles’ eyes lit up as if he were inspired. After pondering for a 
moment, he hooked his fingers at the secretary. 
“I have an idea. Go and handle it for me now.” 
Unable to contact Bella or get information from Asher, Justin was on 
pins and needles. 
He even began to have heart palpitations and hallucinations. There 
a buzzing sound in his ears. 
was 
“Mr. Salvador, the chairman has an important social event ongoing 
now. He wants you to be there immediately. Since you’ve just 
recovered and have not appeared in public for a long time, tonight is crucial as it marks your first 
appearance.” 
As the president’s secretary, lan was always reliable on important matters. “You are the president and 
the heir appointed by Chairman Salvador. You need to attend such events to show that you are well 
and stable.” 
Justin frowned and said nothing, merely staring blankly at the dark screen of his phone. 
“Mr. Salvador, you can be in love, but it shouldn’t be your whole world.”
lan sighed helplessly. “I know you’re worried about Young Madam, but she is an adult with a noble 
status. She has many brothers protecting her, and she’s more than capable of protecting hers What 
could possibly happen to her? You’ve never been such an irrational person. A man needs to prioritize 
his career.” 
“Do you think it’s wrong for me to care about her?” Justin’s brows scrunched together. 
lan was speechless. “That’s not what I mean.” 
“In the past, I worked like a tireless and rigid robot. I had a wife, but 
never took her seriously. At that time, nothing was more important than work to me. I felt that if I lost my 
status, I would’ve lost 
everything.” 
Justin closed his eyes slowly. “After Bella left, I finally realized that I 
was nothing without her by my side… Everything I possessed had 
become meaningless.” 
So what if he stood at the top of the social pyramid? 
He still felt the pain of losing the woman he loved the most. 
“Mr. Salvador, how can you say this? You’ve always told me that you strive to stand at the top even if 
there’s no one up there with you because you need the power to protect the people around you. You 
wanted fame and success to fulfill your responsibility to your 
deceased mother!” lan spoke anxiously.
Justin’s eyelashes fluttered. 
Thinking of his mother’s tragic death, he felt suffocated, the pain in his heart overwhelmingly clear. 
“Moreover, you should not choose between love and career. If you only knew to please Young Madam 
and neglected your work, what would happen when you ended up worse off than Young Mad 
lan pursed his lips. “Do you want her to provide for you? That’s embarrassing…” 
Justin narrowed his eyes, his chest filled with annoyance. 
Although lan’s words were unpleasant, they were not without reaso “Prepare the car. We’re leaving 
now.
###chapter735
“The Akhal-Teke was known as the Ferrari of horses and a national 
treasure. I used to pester Wyatt to give me one, but he was afraid of a 
horse-riding accident and didn’t allow me to get too close to a horse.” 
Under the lights, Bella excitedly caressed the horse’s shiny gold coat. The feeling made her heart race. 
Suddenly, her throat dried. An image flashed in her mind. It was Justin’s naked, muscled, and well- 
defined chest. 
Bella felt a tingling sensation at her fingertips. Her cheeks burned, and a blush appeared. 
When that man pressed down on her and completely unleashed himself, he was like a wild and 
untamed horse as well. 
“Bella, do you like it? Bella?” 
“Oh.” 
Bella snapped out of her daze and quickly touched her burning cheeks, her eyes watery. “Yes. Horses 
are my favorite animal.” 
Damn it. How could seeing a fine horse make her think of that of a man? 
Christopher silently walked behind her, his tall figure casting a silhouette that covered her. 
He stared at her beautiful side profile with a gentle gaze. “I remember. When we were young, you told 
me you loved horses.
Becoming an equestrian athlete has always been your dream.” 
“It was indeed my dream at that time.” 
Bella’s lips curled up slightly. “But it’s no longer my dream now. I know I am unsuitable to become an 
athlete in various aspects.” 
She did not mind Christopher frequently bringing up memories of when they were young, even if she 
could not remember some. 
However, she felt that the biggest difference between them was that she always looked forward, while 
Christopher seemed to be living in the past. 
“Bella, what is your dream now?” Christopher’s fist tightened. He wanted to hug her. His chest surged 
as he breathed heavily. 
“For a long time, I wanted to become an outstanding doctor.” 
She could not fight with Justin, but she could be his best support. 
She prayed for Justin to return from the battlefield safely, but if he was hurt, she wanted to be the one 
to bandage his wounds. 
“Now… I don’t have a dream anymore.” 
Bella felt numb and in pain. Only a faint smile remained on her lips. Now, I just want to reap the 
benefits without sowing the seeds, enjoy the results without effort, and achieve success through a 
shortcut.” 
“Oh? Bella, can you read my mind?” 
Christopher chuckled softly in her ear. “We have the same thought.”
Bella raised an eyebrow. “You’re not even thirty yet, but you want to spend your life doing nothing? 
That’s too unambitious!” 
“You misunderstood. I merely hope that my future wife will have no 
worries for the rest of her life.” 
Bella felt Christopher’s warm breath on her earlobe. His eyes turned red with desire as he said, “It’s 
only right for my woman to enjoy all the pleasures in life without having to work for them. Only a 
useless man would let his partner suffer.” 
Bella’s breath hitched. She wondered if she was overthinking it. 
Christopher’s words were gentle on the surface, but they seemed to conceal a hint of derision directed 
at a certain someone. 
Suddenly, there was a deafening neigh in the empty and silent 
racecourse. 
“Mr. Christopher! Ms. Bella! Look out!” 
A sudden gust of wind kicked up yellow sand and dust. 
Bella turned back and widened her eyes in shock. A black horse broke through the fence and charged 
toward them!
###chapter736
Bella’s eyes widened in shock, and her body tensed up as her red lips. 
trembled. 
Despite her usual quick-witted nature, the sudden situation caught her off guard. After all, dealing with 
a purebred racehorse was like facing a powerful sports car. 
If every human could react this quickly, perhaps the world would be 
free of accidents. 
“Mr. Iverson!” The secretary screamed at the top of his lungs. He 
rushed over desperately to protect his boss, but it was already too 
late. 
The black horse went out of control, charging onto the racing track 
with red eyes and erratic breath. 
Bella panicked, and though she wanted to escape, her legs felt glued to the ground. Frozen in place, 
Bella closed her eyes. 
“Bella!” 
Just then, Christopher swooped in with his arms outstretched. He 
tightly embraced her, and in a mid-air flip, they crashed heavily to the
ground on the other side. 
“Thud!” 
Dust swirled around as the two of them fell to the ground together. Christopher’s back hit the ground 
first, with Bella protected in his embrace. Despite some minor scrapes, she was virtually unscathed. 
Chanth Me 
Despite that, the force of impact on her body was so strong that it 
created intense discomfort throughout her body. One could only 
envision the pain Christopher must have endured when his body. 
collided with the ground. 
“Chris! Are you alright?!” Bella panicked, her eyes turning red. 
“I… I’m fine! Be careful!” Christopher’s face turned ashen, 
momentarily forgetting his own pain. 
He tightened his hold on Bella and rolled to the side with all his might! 
“Neigh-!” The black horse suddenly turned around and raised its front 
hooves! 
“Ah-!” Christopher felt a sharp pain in his back, and he broke out in a 
cold sweat. His suit was almost soaked through with sweat.
“Chris!” Bella felt suffocated. The secretary and two horse trainers 
rushed over and worked together to subdue the rampaging horse by. 
administering a powerful sedative. 
Under the effects of the sedative, the horse gradually calmed down. 
Its bloodshot eyes also cleared up. 
“Mr. Iverson! Mr. Iverson!” The secretary ran over in tears, only to see 
Christopher lying on the ground, pale and unable to stand. He was at 
a loss for what to do. 
“How do you handle these beasts?” The secretary berated the two horse trainers. “If anything happens 
to my boss, the two of you won’t be able to shirk responsibility!” 
The two horse trainers trembled in fear, their legs shaking 
uncontrollably… 
“Forget about that for now. Saving Chris is the priority!” Bella’s forehead was covered in cold sweat as 
she gently laid Christopher 
down on the ground. She instructed the secretary to call for an 
ambulance immediately. Then she began to feel his body for injuries. 
“Where does it hurt? How are you feeling? While you’re still conscious, tell me everything!” Bella 
adopted a doctor’s tone.
Seeing the concern in Bella’s expression, Christopher couldn’t help but smile faintly. He was delighted. 
“Bella, seeing how much you care 
about me, I don’t feel any pain at all.
###chapter737
“Christopher! Seriously, now is not the time for jokes!” Bella 
exclaimed anxiously. Her voice was several octaves higher than 
normal. 
Christopher dared not tease her further. Enduring the intense pain, he softly said, “My arm and my back 
are both hurting a bit.” 
Before he could finish speaking, Bella’s movements froze as she palpated his broken arm. The feeling 
of the protruding bone sent a 
shiver through her.. 
“Bella, it’s okay…” Christopher gently said as he gazed deeply at her. 
“Okay? Dude, your arm is broken!” Bella yelled at him, her eyes reddening. Despite being the one 
injured, Christopher was comforting 
her instead. It made her feel even more guilty. 
“Don’t worry. I’ll mend any bone you break. Even if you shattered every bone in your body, I’d piece 
them back together. I’ll take full responsibility for you!” Bella vowed. 
Full responsibility. 
Christopher felt a warmth spreading in his heart. No woman had ever boldly offered to take 
responsibility for him in all his life.
Bella dared to do what others wouldn’t, and that was one of the reasons he was deeply infatuated with 
her. 
“This is really strange!” One of the horse trainers scratched his head 
thes 
in confusion. “This black horse is usually the gentlest, most obedient 
one in our stable. It’s usually extremely timid. Why did it suddenly lose control today?” 
The secretary glared at him irritably. “Who the hell are you asking?! 
Don’t you have any idea what’s going on? Useless!” 
“Usually, horses exhibit such abnormal behavior when they are severely frightened.” Bella pondered 
seriously. 
“How is that possible?” Another horse trainer added, “This little black one has been staying in the 
stable all along. No one touched it or let it out. How could it suddenly become frightened and lose 
control?” 
Upon hearing this, both Bella and Christopher’s faces darkened. 
The Savrow International Convention Center was hosting a high- 
profile gathering of business tycoons. 
Gregory was engaged in lively conversations and toasts with familiar 
business tycoons.
“Chairman Salvador! Long time no see!” Gregory turned in surprise as Cameron approached with a 
champagne glass in hand and a sly 
smile on his face. 
“Oh, Vice Chairman Thompson, what a pleasant surprise.” Gregory 
nodded lightly. 
Compared to Cameron’s warmth, Gregory’s attitude was notably distant. Despite Cameron being Wyatt 
Thompson’s only brother and holding the title of vice chairman at the KS Group, it was a well-kept 
secret that the majority of KS Group shares and industries were still controlled by Wyatt Thompson and 
his children. Even within the 
company hierarchy, Cameron lacked authority compared to his nephew, Asher, who was the CEO of 
the KS Group. 
Asher, being the legitimate son and eldest of Wyatt’s children, was destined to inherit the company. In a 
few years, Cameron’s role as second-in-command would diminish and be rendered completely 
powerless. He would soon be overshadowed by his own nephew. 
The business world has always been this ruthless. Although Gregory disliked Wyatt, at least Wyatt’s 
status warranted a conversation with 
. him. Cameron, on the other hand, was a different story. 
“Vice Chairman Thompson, isn’t Chairman Thompson joining us today? Are you here alone?” Another 
mogul inquired curiously. 
“My elder brother has been busy dealing with family matters lately, so
he couldn’t make it,” Cameron replied, feigning concern with a sigh. My brother’s third wife had some 
trouble recently. You must have heard about it, right? They say she’s been bedridden these days, 
barely clinging to life. My brother is worried and has been by her side day and night. How could he 
have the heart to attend any events?”
###chapter738
Gregory remained composed upon hearing the remarks, though his eyes hinted at a mix of emotions. 
“Oh dear, I’ve heard about that incident before. It’s been so many years, yet someone still brings it up. 
They really have nothing better to 
do!” Gregory spoke with a hint of disdain. 
“Jealousy, that’s what it is! Seeing someone receive endless congratulations on their birthday, marry 
into wealth, and be as 
beautiful as a flower can make others green with envy. It’s common 
for people to resort to backstabbing and spreading rumors behind the scenes. Even the artists in my 
entertainment company engage in 
such petty squabbles all the time. It’s ridiculous!” Gregory tightened his lips, furrowing his brow. 
Though the comments weren’t directed at anyone specific, they still stung nonetheless. 
“Chairman Thompson is truly a person of integrity and loyalty,” someone chimed in. “Despite Madam 
Celeste being a former actre and only giving birth to a daughter for Chairman Thompson, he h not once 
mistreated her. It speaks volumes about his character!” 
The guests nodded in agreement, prompting Cameron to smile awkwardly, feeling disgruntled inside. 
Cameron had thought bringing up this matter would make others poke fun at Wyatt’s expense, but it 
backfired, earning his elder brother a wave of praise instead. 
Chapjes 245
‘Were these people so blind to power and influence that they’d even 
fawn over Wyatt if he messed up?’ Cameron thought. 
Gregory glanced at his watch and scanned the room, but Justin was 
nowhere in sight. 
“Chairman Salvador, on such an important occasion tonight, why 
hasn’t Mr. Salvador arrived yet?” Cameron asked tentatively. 
Gregory replied, “Oh, he’ll be here shortly.” 
“Really? That’s great!” 
Cameron’s eyes lit up, his tone becoming more enthusiastic.” 
Actually, our group has a great project underway, focusing on 
environmental protection, which is currently receiving strong support from the government. My elder 
brother has entrusted it to me, and I’m 
looking for potential partners.” 
He briefly explained the project, and Gregory nodded, showing a hint 
of interest. 
“My daughter, Cecily, has proposed two excellent collaboration 
proposals recently. She’ll be joining us later. After the party,
a meeting where you and your son can join us for a deeper discussion if you’re interested,” Cameron 
said, seizing the oppo 
“Your daughter?” Gregory furrowed his brow. 
P 
“Yes, I only have one daughter, Cecily Thompson. She’s the same ag 
as my brother’s daughter, Bella, just four months younger. She 
studied at the top university in Helionis, receiving a full scholarship 
every year. She even served as a translator for the President of 
Helionis. After returning to Savrow, she joined KS Group based on her 
own merit and is currently serving as the Director of the Product 
Design Department,” Cameron proudly introduced his daughter, as if he were promoting a high-end 
product he had personally crafted. 
The guests nearby couldn’t help but think to themselves, ‘We all know your daughter doesn’t need 
merit to enter KS Group…’ 
“Ah, truly an outstanding woman,” Gregory praised with forced 
enthusiasm. 
“Then it’s settled. I’ll arrange it after the party!” Cameron declared. 
Gregory was slightly taken aback. ‘Settled? Who said it’s settled?’
Though Gregory wasn’t young anymore, he wasn’t naive. Could he not 
see that Cameron’s intention to discuss business with him was just 
an excuse? The real goal was to introduce his daughter, creating an 
opportunity for their children to meet. 
“Vice Chairman Thompson, my father hasn’t agreed yet. How could 
you say it’s settled?” Justin’s cold and direct voice interrupted their 
conversation. 
All eyes turned as Justin approached, exuding a cool elegan 
dark, aloof eyes. 
“Justin, why did you come so late?” Gregory complained but sec 
felt relieved. 
The smile on Cameron’s face froze for a moment. Just as he was 
about to speak, Justin coolly interrupted, “If this is a genuine. 
business discussion, Vice Chairman Thompson, you could have 
chosen a more appropriate time instead of rushing into things. At the very least, we should follow the 
proper procedures for scheduling a 
thing we went dose rugh for impromptu meetings
ne then try t
###chapter739
The crowd was stunned by Justin’s extremely blunt and 
straightforward words. 
Although these business tycoons maintained a stoic expression, 
there was a subtle sense of disdain toward Cameron. 
While it was acceptable for businessmen to discuss business, 
Cameron’s intentions were too apparent. His sudden invitation, along 
with the idea of bringing along his daughter, didn’t go unnoticed. 
Cameron probably didn’t expect Justin to be so straightforward. His 
blunt response immediately ended his schemes. 
The usually stoic Cameron struggled to maintain his smile. “Hahaha! 
You’re right, Mr. Salvador. I admit I acted impulsively. I should have 
scheduled a proper appointment. But I was too excited to see 
Chairman Salvador tonight, so…” 
Justin interrupted coldly, “If seeing my father makes you happy, then 
you should invite him to dinner. My father is the Chairman of the Salvador Corporation. You can just 
discuss business with him
directly.” Justin cast Cameron a disdainful glance before shifting his gaze away. “But I’m curious. Does 
Chairman Thompson know about you representing the KS Group in negotiations with Salvador 
Corporation?” 
Cameron was taken aback. He then smiled. “My elder brother entrusted the project to me and gave me 
full responsibility. Naturally, I must prioritize cooperation with powerful organizations. If my brother knew 
we could collaborate with the Salvador Group, he would 
1275 
be delighted and would fully support it.” 
Justin smiled and replied, “Would Chairman Thompson still be 
delighted and give his full support if he knew you met with his ex-son- 
in-law?” 
The crowd was left in shock. 
Gregory’s brows furrowed as he sternly rebuked, “Justin, why bring 
this up here?!” 
Cameron suddenly widened his eyes. His mouth was hanging wide. 
open as his mind struggled to process what he just heard. 
Wyatt’s ex-son-in-law?! 
Justin, the president of the Salvador Corporation, turns out to be the ex-husband of that devilish brat, 
Bella. When did they get married? When did they get divorced? The Thompson family seemed.
ridiculously secretive about it, as if everyone had been sworn to 
silence. 
“If things aren’t laid out clearly, it could stir up unnecessary trole,” Justin said coldly. “Apart from 
Chairman Thompson and Bella collaborate with anyone else from the KS Group. I also don’t 
upset Bella over unnecessary matters such as meeting women 
privately behind her back, even if it’s her cousin.” 
The crowd was shocked by Justin’s public declaration of love. 
Gregory cleared his throat and shot his son a meaningful glance.” Alright, Justin, there’s no need to be 
so explicit about certain matters 
“Haha… I really didn’t know about your relationship with Bella. My apologies for being so abrupt.” 
Cameron laughed awkwardly. “I didn’ 
Change: 729 
expect you two to be divorced, yet you still defend Bella so 
passionately. Mr. Salvador, you are truly a sentimental and loyal 
person.” 
“The marriage may be over, but my love remains,” Justin said. His 
eyes softened at the thought of Bella’s captivating smile. “I love Bella. Even though we’re divorced now, 
I will still win her back in the future.”
Cameron’s mind went blank, his face turning pale with 
embarrassment. 
As the reception continued, Cameron stepped into the corridor to take 
a call from Cecily. 
“Hey, Dad, have you arrived at the reception?” 
Cameron was still upset from his encounter with Justin and wasn’t in 
the best mood. “I’ve been here for a while. Where are you? Why 
haven’t you shown up yet?” 
“Oh, I need to get dressed properly before heading out to such an 
important event tonight.”
###chapter740
Cecily asked with enthusiasm, “Dad, has Mr. Salvador arrived?” 
“He’s here.” 
“Have you talked to him about the new project? You must tell him that the plan was my idea.” 
Cecily said proudly, “A man like Mr. Salvador was born with a silver 
spoon in his mouth. He has seen countless charming women and is 
surely not easily impressed. Only someone as intelligent and 
beautiful as me can catch Mr. Salvador’s attention. Once he notices 
me, he’ll be attracted by my talent and eventually fall for me because of my charm.” 
Her lively and excited tone made it sound like she had already won over Justin. The dream of stepping 
into the Salvadors’ grand mansion 
was just a step away! 
“Hmph, I advise you not to be too happy too soon,” Cameron wa d 
in a hushed tone, his gaze dark. 
“Dad, what do you mean by that?” 
“Justin has been divorced once.” 
“What? Divorced… Once? He’s been married before? When did th
happen?” Cecily was extremely shocked. 
“How would I know? But that’s not the point. Do you know who his ex- 
wife is?” 
Cecily had no clue. As she had been studying and focusing on herself 
in this year, she paid little attention to family matters. 
“It’s your cousin, Bella!” Cameron gritted out the name through his 
teeth. 
There was a sudden silence on the other end of the phone, only the sound of breathing. 
After a moment, Cecily burst into laughter, almost choking on her 
breath. “Haha… Dad, are you kidding me? Uncle Wyatt practically 
worships Bella! If Bella got married, he would have sent invitations to 
everyone in the Hatchbay! How could he possibly marry off his daughter without making any 
commotion? Moreover, Justin is the 
president of the Salvador Corporation. It would have been the 
wedding of the century! That’s just not possible!” 
“I don’t know the specific details, but Justin is a divorced man.” 
“So what if he’s been through a divorce? Even if he’s been divorced
multiple times, he’s still a desirable man. I doubt it is Justin’s fault for 
the divorce. Bella probably couldn’t keep her husband’s heart.” 
Cecily sneered, “Honestly, I think it’s a good thing that they got divorced. Bella has become a discarded 
woman. No one else want her. She definitely won’t be able to meddle with me anymore. When see her, 
I’ll have even more things to mock her with.” 
“Earlier, Justin openly admitted in front of everyone that he still has 
feelings for Bella. He declared that he still loved her! It’s obvious he 
wants to remarry her! I don’t think it’s going to be that easy for you to 
be with Mr. Salvador.” 
Chang1740 
“Men are all creatures who care about their reputation. When you divorced my mom back then and had 
two mistresses, didn’t you still 
pretend to be deeply in love with Mom around Uncle Wyatt? Being a man of high status, Mr. Salvador 
naturally needs to maintain a good 
image outside. After all, divorce isn’t something to be proud of.” 
Cecily dismissed his previous divorce. 
Cameron was furious. “You brat! In what aspect have I mistreated 
you? You’ve spent $3 million to $4 million a year just to become a
minor celebrity in Helionis. Also, don’t get me started on cosmetic procedures! Who do you think is 
paying for that?” 
“You don’t know how to appreciate anything. Nevermind. If you spout such heartless words again, I 
might just cancel your card!” 
“Dad, I’m just joking with you. Although you divorced my mom, my heart is forever with you.” Cecily 
grinned. “Dad, didn’t you ask me to repay you? Just watch! Watch me. Once I have the chance to get 
close to Mr. Salvador, it won’t be long before I become the future wife of the Salvador Corporation’s 
president.” 
The event transitioned to the next phase, with everyone eagerly anticipating speeches from the 
prominent figures in Savrow’s 
business scene. 
Originally, Gregory was supposed to deliver a speech. But with 
Justin’s sudden arrival, he decided to pass the opportunity to his son instead. 
Justin was still recuperating from severe injuries, so it was crucial for him to make public appearances 
at this time to dispel some of the 
Chap 740 
rumors circulating about his health. 
“It’s fine if you’re not sporting designer clothes for the event tonight, 
but could you at least tidy up your hair?”
###chapter741
Gregory was seated in the front row of the audience. He cast a 
somewhat disappointed glance at Justin. “Which CEO sports a crew 
cut? Do you think you’re still serving in the military? You should pay 
more attention to your image.” 
He continued grumbling. “Also, you had surgery before, and there are 
still scars on your scalp. Why don’t you wear a wig to cover it up?” 
“My injury is known throughout Savrow now. Concealing it would be futile. Besides, what’s wrong with a 
crew cut? Even if I shaved my 
head bald, it wouldn’t affect my looks.” Justin looked at his father 
confidently. 
Gregory pursed his lips. Although he found many aspects of this son unimpressive, he couldn’t deny 
that Justin looked good. Justin had 
inherited all the good traits from his parents. 
“I’ll have someone make a realistic wig for you and send it over 
tomorrow.” Gregory insisted 
It was not really about Justin’s hairstyle. Gregory just didn’t like Justin defied him, and he always 
wanted to control Justin whene
he got the chance. 
“I won’t wear it even if you bring it. Bella said she likes my current hairstyle. As long as she likes it, I 
won’t change it.” Justin mentioned 
Bella’s name affectionately. 
“You!” Gregory began to retort when the emcee suddenly announced. Now, let’s welcome Mr. Justin 
Salvador, President of Salvador 
(Chapter 24) 
Corporation!” 
Applause roared through the audience. 
Disregarding Gregory’s displeasure, Justin stood up and gracefully 
made his way to the stage. 
Standing in front of the microphone, Justin appeared calm and 
composed. 
Despite undergoing major surgery just a few days ago, his handsome face showed no signs of it. He 
was about to speak when his phone 
vibrated in his hand. 
Normally, he wouldn’t have paid much attention to his phone, but 
tonight was different. Unable to reach Bella, he kept his phone with
him all night, fearing he might miss any of her calls or messages. 
So, when his phone vibrated, his heart skipped a beat. Without 
showing any signs, Justin lowered his gaze and unlocked the screen. 
In an instant, his eyes narrowed as he looked through the photos sent 
to him. His heart was pounding wildly, almost bursting out of his 
chest! 
The next moment, he dashed off the stage like a shooting star, 
ignoring the confusion of the crowd. 
The audience, including a bewildered Gregory, watched in 
astonishment. Gregory leaned forward and shouted, “Justin! What are 
you doing?” 
lan, who was standing by the back door, also panicked and hurriedly 
chased after Justin.. 
Outside the banquet hall, Justin’s brows furrowed deeply. His handsome face turned pale as his steps 
quickened. 
Just then, a beautiful woman approached Justin from the opposite direction. She was dressed in a 
white Chanel jumpsuit, and her long hair was draped over her shoulders.
She was Cameron’s daughter, Cecily. 
Spotting Justin heading straight toward her without a glance, Cecily felt delighted. With flirtatious eyes, 
she raised her hand to greet him,” 
Mr. Salvador…” 
“Get out of the way.” 
“Ah!” Justin pushed her aside and rushed past her, which made her stagger to the side.
###chapter742
Thud! 
Cecily’s ankle twisted, and she fell awkwardly on her back. Her arms were flailing in the air as her 
Hermes bag flew out. 
“Ouch! It hurts!” 
She sat on the ground, unable to move, as tears started to stream 
down her face. Her lips trembled uncontrollably. 
Normally, a gentleman would lend a helping hand when he saw such a beautiful woman fall to the 
ground, especially if he was the reason, 
she fell. 
However, Justin acted as if nothing had happened. In the blink of an eye, he disappeared from her 
sight. 
At this moment, lan also hurried over. He glanced at Cecily, who was 
lying miserably on the ground, but he left to follow Justin anywa 
In just a few seconds, Cecily began to doubt her usually unwa 
confidence in her appearance. 
Why did no one lend a hand to a beautiful lady like her? 
“Cecily? Why are you sitting on the ground like this? What’s wrong
with you?” Cameron happened to come out for a smoke. He frowne 
upon seeing his daughter’s embarrassing state. 
“Dad! Why aren’t you helping me up and scolding me instead?!” Cecily 
struggled to stand up. 
Chap 
Her ankle was swollen, and the heel of her Chanel stilettos was 
broken. She kicked the broken shoe away in frustration. 
“I just ran into Mr. Salvador. If it wasn’t for him, I wouldn’t have made 
a fool of myself. I wonder why he was in such a hurry.” Cecily sat on 
the sofa, gasping in pain. 
She had thought she would leave a memorable impression on Justin 
tonight. Instead, it turned into a chaotic mess, leaving her regretful to 
the point of tears. 
Cameron’s expression darkened as he recalled Justin’s hasty exit 
from the crowd. 
lan and Justin got to the underground parking lot. 
“Mr. Salvador! Where are you going? What’s happening?” lan trailed
anxiously behind Justin, sweating profusely, his voice quivering with, 
nervousness. 
“Bella is in trouble. I have to go find her right away!” Justin’s face wa 
icy cold. The vein on his arm bulged as he pulled open the door of hi sports car. Even though he hadn’t 
erupted in anger yet, his eyes 
revealed his inner turmoil. 
“I’ll go with you! It’s better to have someone watch out for you.” lan 
stuttered. 
Justin firmly said, “No need. You drive too slowly! Besides, you 
should stay behind to handle the mess.” 
With that, the sports car’s engine roared deafeningly, cutting through 
Chap 4 
the air like an arrow released from a bow. Ian watched the car vanish 
into the distance and sighed deeply. 
“Young Madam, please be alright. Mr. Salvador, you must bring Young Madam back safely!” 
The black Lamborghini flashed through the streets of Savrow. 
“Bella… I’m on my way. Please don’t be in trouble. You have to be
okay!” The vein on Justin’s temples pulsed visibly. His heart pounded 
wildly as he slammed his foot on the accelerator. 
Justin’s phone was in the passenger seat. 
There was a blurry photo that looked like a sneak shot on the phone 
screen. 
In the photo, Bella appeared to be entangled with a well-dressed stranger, sparking a flurry of 
questions in Justin’s mind. 
‘Who is that man holding her? Was she drunk? No, Bella would never 
drink with strangers. The only two times she got drunk were wit 
brothers. Could she have been drugged?’
###chapter743
As those thoughts crossed Justin’s mind, a sharp pain pierced his 
chest, and his eyes turned bloodshot. His grip on the steering wheel 
tightened until it creaked. 
At a certain hotel in the west district, Justin’s suit was drenched in 
sweat as he entered the hotel lobby. His palms were sweaty, and his 
phone kept vibrating incessantly. 
He glanced down at the screen. It was an anonymous call. 
“Hello.” Justin’s voice was heavy, and his throat felt dry. 
“Mr. Salvador, room 2051 on the 20th floor.” A foreign voice on the 
other end spoke. “The key card to the room is in the flowerpot at the 
staircase on the 20th floor. If you want to save Ms. Thompson, you’d 
better hurry! You can’t imagine what might happen if you’re late. Don’t 
regret it!” 
Justin was about to step forward when his brows furrowed suddenly 
“Who are you? Are you the one who sent me the photos?”
There was a pause on the other end. 
“Are you a paparazzi? Or is someone instructing you to do this? Why do you have her key card?” 
Justin’s quick thinking allowed him to ask the most crucial questions. 
“Mr. Salvador, you ask good questions, but I can’t tell you these 
things. The only thing I can tell you is that I have my reasons for 
Chary 743 
doing this.” 
Justin couldn’t help but sense that something was off about the 
whole situation. However, he couldn’t afford to dwell on it. 
He quickly took the elevator to the 20th floor and discovered the key 
card to room 2051 in the flowerpot. 
As he approached the door, Justin’s heart was pounding so intensely 
that it felt like it might burst out of his chest. 
Throughout the journey, he wrestled with his thoughts, considering countless possibilities. 
But no matter how he tried to rationalize it, he couldn’t convince 
himself to let Bella be in a hotel room with another man. 
Beep…
With the key card in hand, Justin swiped the key card at the door. He 
hesitated for a moment before stepping inside the room. 
The room was dim and quiet, with a faint floral scent. Surprisingly, the dreaded scene that Justin had 
imagined did not unfold. 
“Bella… Bella?” Justin’s heart throbbed loudly as he called out her 
name, his voice hoarse. 
There was no response. His breath felt stifled as he walked to the 
bedroom. 
Just then, he faintly heard rustling noises coming from the room, and 
countless terrifying thoughts flooded his mind. 
“Bella!” Justin couldn’t wait any longer. He forcefully pushed open the 
Change 
bedroom door. 
“Ah!” 
A sharp female voice rang out in the darkness. Her panicked gasp 
echoed throughout the room. 
The next moment, Justin was confronted with the sight of a naked.
woman. 
Her skin was delicate and fair, like a porcelain doll, with glistening 
– droplets of water clinging to her. 
Justin felt dizzy, and his eyes narrowed as the veins at his temples 
bulged. 
The naked woman standing in front of him was Zoe Hoffman. 
She looked so vulnerable and naive. However, a sly smile lurked. 
beneath her seemingly calm demeanor, exposing her cunning 
schemes. 
Justin’s mind spun with a deafening roar. He immediately turned. 
back and gritted his teeth.. 
Waves of anger and humiliation surged through him. 
“Justin… How did you get in?” Zoe’s voice trembled softly. Her arm 
were crossed protectively over her chest. “Justin, my body… Did you.. Did you see everything?”
###chapter744
“Put on some clothes.” Justin’s hands were clenched into fists, and 
the veins on his arms bulged to the verge of exploding. 
His broad shoulders trembled with anger. At this point, he had no way 
to explain himself. He could only leave immediately. 
“I’ll call Ryan to come and pick you up right away.” Justin immediately 
left without looking back. 
“Justin! Don’t… Don’t go!” Zoe threw herself at him, embracing him 
tightly from behind. Her naked body shamelessly pressed against 
him. “Justin, I’m so scared. I’m so scared. Please don’t leave, ok?” 
With disgust in his eyes, Justin commanded coldly, “Let go.” 
“No… I won’t!” Zoe refused to let go, pressing her bare body against 
his back. “Since I was young, I’ve never had a boyfriend. I’ve stayed 
pure and untouched for you. Now that you’ve seen me like this, you 
have to take responsibility for me!” 
“Responsibility?” Justin sneered coldly. “I will only be responsible fo
one woman in my entire life, and that’s Bella.” He forcefully pried 
away Zoe’s arms and easily broke free from her grasp. 
Zoe couldn’t resist his strength and was knocked down from the bed. 
In the blink of an eye, Justin had already stormed out of the room. 
‘Justin! I stripped myself naked and threw myself at you, yet you didn’t even spare me a glance. Why… 
Why?!’ Zoe pounded the bed 
with clenched fists… 
In the dim light, her disheveled hair made her look like a madwoman. 
filled with resentment. 
Breathing heavily, Justin walked to the door and yanked it open. 
“Mr. Salvador! Mr. Salvador is coming out!” 
In an instant, Justin was completely surrounded by the blinding flashes of cameras. 
A group of reporters had gathered at the doorway of the room. They 
were blocking the exit with their cameras and snapping away furiously at Justin. 
Justin’s breath caught in-his throat, and his handsome face suddenly 
turned cold. It felt as if a thousand-pound weight was pressing down
on his chest, making it almost impossible to breathe. 
The realization struck him in that instant. 
Ever since he received those photos, he has unwittingly fallen into a 
meticulously planned trap. 
Despite its apparent detail, this trap had numerous flaws. The mastermind, however, had honed in on 
Justin’s emotions for Bella 
They accurately predicted that Justin would not be able to maintain his composure for Bella, ensuring 
any mistake would cascade into a 
series of mistakes. 
At this moment, Zoe walked out of the bedroom, clad only in a white 
towel. Her bare shoulders were exposed. 
She pretended to be confused and asked, “Justin… Ah! Why are there 
so many reporters?!” 
Zoe looked like a frightened bird. 
“Is that Zoe Hoffman, heiress of the Hoffman Group?” 
“It’s Ms. Hoffman! It’s really her! Hurry, take pictures! This will make 
the front-page headlines!”
“Mr. Salvador and Ms. Hoffman are caught together in a late-night hotel rendezvous, sharing a room. 
Ms. Hoffman wasn’t even dressed! 
It’s truly breaking news!” 
Zoe shyly hid behind Justin, giving off the impression that he was 
protecting her. 
Justin’s face was deathly pale. Sweat trickled down his chiseled face. 
“Mr. Salvador! Are you and Ms. Hoffman in a relationship? Otherwise, 
why would the two of you be in a hotel room together?” 
“Mr. Salvador! Just admit it, we’re all adults here. There’s nothing to 
be embarrassed about!” 
“Ms. Hoffman! Why don’t you speak up? What exactly is the 
relationship between the two of you?” 
“Get lost.” 
Justin’s eyes were icy cold. His voice was filled with menace, an expression was dark and ominous. 
“All of you, get the hell out of 
here!”
###chapter745
In the VIP ward of the hospital, Christopher donned a hospital gown and lay on the bed. 
His usually handsome face was now as pale as a sheet of paper. 
“Mr. Iverson, why were you so foolish?” His secretary stood by the 
bed, still trembling with fear. 
“You could have been trampled to death by the horse! You might have 
been fatally injured right then and there. All your efforts and plans in 
Sentania would have been in vain.” 
Christopher gently opened his eyes, a faint smile appearing on his 
lips. “Taylor, it seems that you’re really worried about my well-being.” 
Taylor was startled, tears welling up in his eyes. “Mr. Iverson…” 
He had been working for Christopher for the past 8 years, starting out 
as an errand boy and slowly climbing his way to being his secretar 
Despite the change in status, Taylor’s commitment remained unwavering. He was still at Christopher’s 
beck and call. 
Christopher was an extremely guarded man. He maintained a cold and guarded attitude toward 
everyone and drew a clear line with everyone he encountered.
Over the years, apart from Bella, no one could get close to him, 
alone touch his heart. He had no confidants. 
let 
The first time Christopher called Taylor by his first name, Taylor 
finally felt that Christopher truly regarded him as his own. A feeling of closeness brought tears of 
excitement to his eyes. 
“Mr. Iverson, health is the foundation of everything. You must take 
care of yourself!” 
“I’m willing to do anything for Bella.” Christopher took a deep breath, his eyes softening at the mention 
of Bella. “And I also want to prove. to Bella that Justin is not the only one who is willing to risk his life for 
her. I am also willing to do so. In the future, when she needs help, I 
. want her to think of me first, not Justin.” 
The second sentence carried profound significance. 
Taylor understood the underlying meaning and nodded solemnly.” Indeed. How can a man who 
engages in promiscuous relationships and has a shady private life like Justin be worthy of Ms. 
Thompson? Ms. Thompson is a smart woman. She won’t fall into the same trap twice, right?” 
Christopher’s eyes darkened with coldness, neither confirming nor 
denying it. 
At this moment, his phone beside the pillow vibrated.
He picked it up and glanced at the screen. Before he could reply t the message, the door to the ward 
opened. 
“Chris, are you asleep?” 
Upon hearing Bella’s voice, Christopher quickly tucked the phone back under his pillow. His lips curled 
up in a gentle smile. “Bella, I’ve told you not to worry about me. I’m fine.” 
Bella entered the ward and saw Christopher’s pale, fragile 
appearance. He looked as if he would break at the slightest touch, 
and she felt a twinge of discomfort in her heart. After all, he had 
ended up like this because he had saved her. 
“I’ve also told you that I’ll take responsibility for your injuries.” Bella 
approached him, her tone very gentle. 
Christopher felt a warmth in his chest, his eyes slightly reddening. 
“Ms. Thompson, are you also injured?” Taylor asked with concern. 
“It’s nothing serious. The main concern is for your boss here. A 
fractured arm, cracked ribs, and five external wounds. He needs to 
stay in the hospital to recuperate.” 
Bella also had some minor scratches on her body, but she didn’t care.
Christopher chuckled lightly. “Bella, I don’t need to stay in the hospital. I know my body’s condition.” 
“What’s with you men? Even Justin didn’t want to stay in the hospital 
after such a major brain surgery. Is the hospital toxic? Or can yo not afford the medical fees?” Bella’s 
mouth fired off complaint 
machine gun. 
Just as she finished speaking, she suddenly froze and clenche 
fingers. 
Somehow, she inexplicably thought of Justin. 
Justin would often pop up in her consciousness like a tide, and sh 
couldn’t resist it at all. 
Christopher’s heart clenched. He quickly suppressed the rising 
jealousy and said, “Bella, it seems that you really care about Mr. 
Salvador. You can think of him anytime, anywhere. He must hold a significant place in your heart.” 
Bella’s tone grew cold as her sharp gaze locked on him. “Do you want 
to hear the truth?” 
Christopher’s chest felt tight, and he pursed his lips. 
“You’re right. It is indeed significant.”
###chapter746
Faced with Bella’s honesty, Christopher felt his heart ache. His hands. were tightly clenched under the 
bedsheets. 
“Justin and I were married for three years, but I’ve known him for even longer than that, much longer 
than you can imagine,” Bella spoke 
calmly. 
She could not deny that those memories still caused a slight 
heartache. “He was once my entire world. But later, he tore my heart 
apart when he divorced me. If it were you, could you turn a blind eye 
to someone like that? Could you truly expect me to forget everything 
that happened?” 
“Bella, I…” Christopher began, but Bella interrupted him. 
“But don’t think that my life revolves solely around Justin. It’s not that 
extreme.” Bella waved her hand casually, masking the sadness in her eyes. “Life must go on. I just 
need some time.” 
“Bella, no matter how long it takes, I’ll wait for you.” Christopher’s 
pale face showed the anguish he felt. He struggled to sit up, but Bella 
stopped him.
“Chris! You’re still injured! Don’t move recklessly!” 
“Even if it takes 10 years, 20 years, or a lifetime, I’m willing to wait for you to heal. I’ll wait for you to 
notice me.” Christopher’s voice 
quivered as he held Bella’s hand tightly. 
“Let go of me first. Stop behaving like this.” Bella widened her eyes, quickly pulling her hand away. 
As Christopher was still weak, his body swayed, and he nearly fell off 
the bed. 
“Mr. Iverson, be careful!” Taylor rushed to support him and pleaded 
with Bella. “Ms. Thompson, I beg you. Can you look after Mr. Iverson, 
considering he suffered a serious injury for your sake? Even a small 
gesture would suffice.” 
“Taylor, forget it. Don’t trouble Ms. Thompson. Cough, cough…” 
Christopher held his chest and coughed a few times. His forehead 
was drenched in sweat. “She’s not at fault. It’s me… I was too 
stubborn.” 
Bella furrowed her brows lightly, remaining silent. 
At that moment, a series of “dings” echoed in the room as multiple
phones rang simultaneously. 
Bella felt a wave of confusion wash over her. While two phones 
ringing might be dismissed as a coincidence, the simultaneous 
ringing of three phones raised suspicions. She took out her phone 
and looked at the screen. 
It was a Twitter notification. 
[Justin Salvador’s Love Affair with Zoe Hoffman Exposed] 
[Justin Salvador and Zoe Hoffman Caught in Hotel Room Together, 
Includes Video + Photos!] 
Bella stared at the screen, her eyes turning crimson red. Her heart 
sank like a stone into an icy lake. 
“Oh my! Ms. Thompson, Mr. Iverson, what’s this trending news?” 
Taylor exclaimed as he scrolled through the screen. “President 
Salvador and the Hoffman heiress in a hotel room? Wow, this is a 
huge scandal for sure!” 
Christopher remained composed. His eyes narrowed slightly.
“Chris, I have something to attend to. I’ll be out for a while. I’ll come back to see you later,” Bella said 
stiffly and turned around. Her steps. were heavy as she walked toward the door. Her shoulders were 
trembling faintly. 
“Bella!” Christopher called out urgently. 
Bella paused, taking a deep breath. 
He said, “No matter what happens, I’ll be on your side. Anyone in this 
world might betray you, but I will never do so.”
###chapter747
With a loud bang, Bella slammed the door to the bathroom. She 
stormed in and plopped down on the toilet seat. 
She bit her lip as she scrolled through Twitter, sweating bullets as she 
read the comments. 
[LOL! I knew it! Men are such lying and cheating bastards! Rumor has 
it that Justin Salvador is having a hot affair with Bella Thompson. He has repeatedly stepped up to 
defend her, but now he’s sleeping with Zoe Hoffman. What a jerk!] 
[Justin Salvador is truly the scumbag of the century!] 
[What total bullshit! Justin is trying to marry into Bella’s rich family. He’s aiming to be the son-in-law of a 
trillion-dollar family! If he ends 
up with Bella, that would mean the merger of the Salvador and 
Thompson empires. With Wyatt Thompson as his father-in-law, Justin would be untouchable in the 
country!] 
[Huh? Why would Justin be so desperate to chase after Bella? He’s 
worth billions himself…] 
[Well, you sound pretty naive. Who wouldn’t want more money?] 
Bella’s heart sank as she covered her chest, unable to contain the
pain of her broken heart. 
[But seriously, Zoe’s like a twig. How can she compete with Ms. Thompson? Zoe is not even as pretty 
as Rosalind Gold. Why is Justin so hung up on her?] 
[Zoe’s a musical prodigy! Maybe Justin just likes that artistic touch. Didn’t Rosalind come off as fake 
anyway?] 
At that moment, Asher’s call came through. After several rings, Bella 
managed to gather her scattered thoughts and answer the call. 
“Bella? Bella? Are you there?” Asher’s voice was filled with concern. 
“Hey, Ash,” Bella replied softly. 
“Bella, where are you right now?” 
“In Savrow,” Bella replied weakly, lacking the strength to say more. 
“Bella, you must have heard about Justin’s scandal, right?” Asher asked cautiously. 
“Yes.” 
“Feeling down about it?” Asher probed. 
“No. He’s moved on. Why should I feel down?” Bella chuckled lightly, her eyes red with tears.
“Zoe is Ryan’s sister. If they get together, that’s even better. With the support of the Hoffman family, 
Justin’s future path will be smooth.” 
Asher’s voice grew heavy. “Bella, I want to hear what’s really on your 
mind.” 
“This is what’s on my mind.” Bella clenched her fists so tightly that her knuckles hurt. 
“You’ve been married to Justin for three years. Based on your 
understanding of this man, do you think he would do something like 
this? Is he the kind of man who can’t control his urges?” 
Asher brought up a valid point. 
“If he were a lustful man, he would likely have a child with Rosalind by now. Isn’t it strange that he 
never made advances toward anyone during your three years of marriage? Something doesn’t add up. 
Also, I found out that there were quite a few reporters stationed outside the hotel room at the time. It’s 
as if they knew in advance what would happen and were waiting there. It feels like a setup, doesn’t it, 
Bella?” 
Bella’s dark eyes trembled slightly, but she remained coldly composed. “Even if it’s a setup, it’s his 
decision whether he falls for it. Zoe wouldn’t be able to drag him into the hotel room if he turned a -blind 
eye to whatever trap Zoe set up for him. Then those reporters 
wouldn’t have captured anything.” 
Asher fell silent.
“Justin gave them the opportunity to capture this scene. Otherwise, none of this would have 
happened.” 
Bella’s expression turned solemn, and her lips curled in a cold smirk. ” Well, it seems like Zoe’s efforts 
weren’t in vain.” 
“Bella, I think you should listen to Justin’s side of the story,” Asher 
suggested. 
“There’s no need for that anymore, Ash.” 
Bella’s throat tightened. Her gaze was distant and desolate. “Justin and I have long been divorced. 
Whoever he chooses to be with is his own business. I have no right to interfere.” 
With that, she ended the call. 
Not even two seconds passed before another call came in. 
It was from Justin.
###chapter748
The screen displayed a string of numbers instead of his name. Justin always had two numbers, one for 
his personal use and the other for 
work. 
Bella had memorized both numbers by heart. It was unusual for him 
to call her from his work number. 
Bella’s heart raced as she answered. She slowly raised the phone to 
her ear but remained silent. 
“Bella!” Justin’s voice sounded hoarse and broken. 
Bella tightly sealed her lips, her eyelashes fluttering. 
“Bella, you have to believe me. I’ve been set up!” 
Justin wasted no time defending himself, knowing how difficult it was to get Bella to answer the phone. 
“This is a complex setup. Zoe isn’t so smart to orchestrate something like this on her own. Someone is 
manipulating her, and the bait they used wasn’t Zoe… It 
was you!” 
“Half an hour from now.” Bella lowered her gaze sadly. Then she added slowly, “Let’s meet at the park 
near KS World Hotel.”
If it weren’t for Asher’s call earlier, Bella wouldn’t have picked up Justin’s call. But now, she was eager 
to hear what explanation Justin 
could offer. 
“Mr. Iverson, Ms. Thompson just left the hospital alone in her car.” 
Taylor rushed back to report to Christopher. “She spent quite some 
time in the bathroom. When she left, she looked furious. Her face 
was paler than yours!” 
Christopher leaned against the headboard with a gentle smile on hist 
face. ‘I hope she’s angry. The angrier she is, the better. Only intense. 
pain would completely eradicate Justin from her heart!’ 
“Have someone follow Ms. Thompson closely now and prepare a car 
for me. I’ll look for her later,” Christopher instructed. 
Taylor wanted to advise against it, but he knew he couldn’t. He could 
only comply. “I’ll prepare the car immediately and get you a new suit…” 
“No need for a suit. A patient should look the part,” Christopher said, 
attempting to move, but the pain made him sweat profusely. 
Taylor felt extremely uncomfortable seeing this. He felt that
Christopher was truly committed to Bella, but he couldn’t understand 
why someone as shrewd as Christopher would appear so desperate for love. How could he allow 
himself to be at a disadvantage, given his competitive nature? 
But only Christopher knew what he was planning. 
In love, having the upper hand might not be a good thing at times. 
Sometimes, showing vulnerability and taking a step back could lead 
to unexpected results. 
Moreover, Bella was such a strong-willed woman. She had suffered 
enough from Justin. He would never let her be wronged again and 
ensure she got the pride and dignity she deserved. 
At that moment, the phone under his pillow vibrated. 
Taylor quickly picked it up and handed it to Christopher. “Mr. Iverson, 
it’s Ms. Smith.” 
Christopher’s expression darkened as he answered the call. “Hello.” 
“Mr. Iverson, how did my task go?” Yvonne’s voice was cheerful, with a hint of charm. “I sent those 
photos to Justin. He actually believed 
them and rushed to the hotel immediately. He was so eager to jump into the trap! Haha! In the end, all 
his brilliance in the business world is wasted. He is nothing but a fool for women. This kind of scoundrel
doesn’t deserve to be your opponent.” 
“Did you send the photos to his phone via text message?” Christopher asked calmly. 
“Yes.”
###chapter749
“Alright, that makes things easier.” Christopher smiled mockingly. ” Tonight, you’ve done me a big favor. 
Thank you for your hard work.” 
“Mr. Iverson, please don’t say that. My life belongs to you. I’m willing to do anything for you!” Yvonne’s 
soft voice was filled with affection. 
Christopher’s expression remained cold and indifferent. He said in a deep voice, “Later, I’ll have 
someone send you a plane ticket and 
deposit some money into your account. It should be enough for you 
to go abroad and enjoy yourself for a year or so. If you need more money, just let Taylor know, and he’ll 
transfer it to you.” 
Yvonne gasped and panicked. “Mr. Iverson, are you sending me 
away?” 
“Justin has fallen into our trap. He won’t just let this slide and will 
immediately start an investigation. He’s not stupid, but this time, he’s, thrown off balance because of 
Bella. To avoid unnecessary trouble, 
it’s best for you to lay low for a while. Taylor will handle things 
temporarily on the other side.” 
“But!”
“Behave,” Christopher commanded coldly. 
Yvonne’s throat tightened. “Yes, Mr. Iverson.” 
Bella was the first to arrive at the park, as she was nearby. 
The temperature at night suddenly dropped, and it started snowing heavily. The usually bustling park 
was practically deserted. 
Bella sat alone on a bench, watching the lonely night unfold before 
her. 
She remembered when she would often come here during her free 
time in the past three years. 
She would watch couples feed each other and exchange kisses. She would watch young families bring 
their children to play. It filled her 
with warmth and happiness. 
At that time, she often wondered if she would ever experience such 
moments herself. 
Could she ever take a stroll with Justin in the park? Would they be holding hands and exchanging 
affectionate glances like ordinary 
couples? 
Bella’s heart throbbed. She let out a sigh, her breath forming a puff of
white mist. Tiny ice crystals gathered on her eyelashes. 
At that moment, an ice cream truck passed by her, and she flagged down, buying a vanilla ice cream 
cone. 
Before she could take a bite, a series of hurried footsteps approache 
her through the snow. 
“Bella.” 
Bella gripped the ice cream tightly. Her heart was pounding in her chest as she slowly raised her gaze. 
Justin stood before her with snow covering his thin suit, and his face was flushed from the cold. But 
what stood out the most were his beautiful eyes, reddened by the cold. Despite the snow covering him, 
Justin looked impeccable. 
Bella’s throat felt constricted. She had imagined this scene countless times, but she hadn’t expected it 
to unfold like this. 
“Bella… Don’t sit here. It’s too cold. You’ll get sick.” Justin was filled with heartache, reaching out to her 
without hesitation. 
Slap! 
Bella slapped away his outstretched hand, her attitude colder than the weather. “I know it’s cold, so just 
say what you want to say quickly.” 
“It was a setup. Someone is scheming against me. They are trying to create rumors to drive us apart!” 
Justin was frantically trying to
explain himself. 
“Us?” Bella chuckled out loud. “Do you and I have anything left 
between us?” 
Justin felt a knife twisting in his heart. 
Bella continued coldly, “Besides, we are divorced and can’t stan sight of each other. What is there to 
drive us apart?” 
“Bella, is this what you truly think? Do you really feel this way abo 
me?” Justin’s voice was hoarse. 
Bella slowly stood up, glaring at him coldly. “Justin, even if this is a setup, you still went to the hotel to 
meet Zoe. It seems that Ms. Hoffman holds quite a significant place in your heart.” 
“I didn’t go there to meet Zoe! I went to find you!”
###chapter750
Justin took a step forward and reached out to embrace Bella. 
His eyes were red, and his hot and trembling breath enveloped Bella. 
“Don’t touch me!” Bella exclaimed, taking a step back. 
Her guard was up like a porcupine with all its spikes raised. 
In desperation, she threw the ice cream in her hand at Justin’s shirt. 
“Bella! I’m telling the truth!” Justin’s arms froze in mid-air. He was torn between wanting to be close to 
her and fearing her rejection. He was almost on the verge of losing his sanity. “I called you many times 
tonight, but you didn’t answer! I thought something had happened to you. I was worried about you all 
night!” 
Bella was stunned. 
‘Many missed calls? When did that happen?’ She wondered. ‘Is he making it up? I didn’t receive a 
single call from him! What a lying 
scoundrel! He couldn’t even come up with a decent lie?’ 
“Later, I received several photos from an anonymous number. In 
those photos, you were hugging a stranger and walking into a hote 
with him! I was afraid you were in danger, so I went to the hotel to 
find you. That was when I was surrounded by the reporters.” Justin explained desperately.
Bella looked at him with a mocking gaze. “Justin, if you’re going to make up an excuse, at least make it 
somewhat believable. If I had 
known you were going to spew such nonsense, I wouldn’t have 
bothered coming to see you at all.” 
“I have evidence!” Justin insisted. 
Justin gritted his teeth and pulled out his phone from his pocket with trembling hands. 
Bella’s heart raced as she pursed her lips in silence, feeling hopeful and willing to give him a chance. 
“These are the photos I received. Look, isn’t the person in this photo …” Justin continued to explain. 
Suddenly, he stared blankly at the phone screen. He repeatedly checked his message inbox, but the 
photos sent to him were all gone! 
His trembling fingers frantically swiped the screen. His bewildered gaze almost bore a hole through his 
phone. In the end, he couldn’t find any trace of the photos he intended to use as evidence. 
“Gone!” Justin exclaimed, his voice filled with frustration. “They’re all 
gone!” 
Bella smiled, but there was not a hint of warmth in her eyes, icing Justin to the core. “Justin, if you 
haven’t found a good excuse, yo don’t need to rush to see me. I don’t want to see you, not now, a 
not in the future.” 
Watching her brush past him, Justin felt a chill run through his body. Bella… Bella, don’t go!” He called 
out, reaching out to stop her, when another voice interrupted, “Bella.”
Bella suddenly looked up and saw Christopher standing a few steps away. He was wearing a patient’s 
gown, with only a cashmere coat draped over his shoulders. His face was paler than the snow. 
Popol 750 
“Chris! How did you get out of the hospital? Don’t you know that you’re still injured?” Bella ran to 
Christopher, her tone filled with reproach. “Why did you come here? How did you know I was here?” 
“After you left the hospital, I couldn’t rest well, so I had someone follow you. But please don’t 
misunderstand my intentions. I’m not stalking you. I just want to protect you.” Christopher explained 
weakly, his voice filled with concern. “How could I let a girl like you go out alone late at night? I’m not 
that heartless.” 
Justin’s handsome face turned cold, and his eyes were filled with killing intent. He wanted to tear 
Christopher apart. 
“It’s too cold out here. Let’s go back.” Bella said, lowering her gaze 
and helping Christopher. 
“Was it your doing, Christopher?” Justin’s voice cut like a sharp blade, 
hoarse with underlying anger. 
“Mr. Salvador, you and Ms. Hoffman were caught having a secret rendezvous in the hotel. How is that 
my doing? Are you accusing me?” 
Christopher couldn’t help but laugh, his eyes full of derision. “Wasn’ it just you two having some fun 
together?”
###chapter751
“Christopher!” 
“Instead of dwelling on your suspicions, Mr. Salvador, have you considered how you’ll explain this to 
the Hoffman family and your good friend, Ryan? Ms. Hoffman is an innocent young lady. If such an 
incident happened, wouldn’t it be difficult for the both of you to move on without getting married?” 
Christopher squinted his eyes and had a 
sly smile on his face. 
“Chris, that’s enough. Let’s go.” 
Bella felt a sharp pain piercing through her heart. She felt a strong 
urge to run away. The farther away she was from Justin, the better. 
As they turned around, Justin asked in a hoarse voice, “Did you spend 
the entire evening with him? Were you together all along?” 
“Yes, all night long,” Bella replied in an indifferent tone, turning her 
back to him. 
“Bella… is he really that important to you? Is he more important tha 
me?” Justin asked shakingly. 
“Justin, what’s the point of asking such questions now?” Bella 
chuckled softly, her gaze dimming. “To be frank, you’re making a fool
of yourself. Let’s end our relationship here. I’m begging you.” 
With those words, Bella and Christopher vanished from Justin’s tearful gaze. 
Bella never looked back. 
Justin stood alone in the snow, losing all sense of time as the snow gradually covered him. He 
collapsed to the ground. 
lan hurriedly approached and asked, “Mr. Salvador! Where’s the young 
madam? Did she leave?” 
Justin lowered his head like a defeated soldier. He picked up the ice 
cream she had thrown at him with tears rolling down his cheek, one 
drop at a time. ‘Bella has never trusted me. She can choose not to 
love me, but how could she not trust me? Do I still need to prove 
myself to her? Is it really necessary? 
A luxury car raced toward the hospital. Inside, Bella sat side by side. 
with Christopher in the back seat.. 
The air in the car was dense. 
“Bella, are you upset with me?” Christopher turned toward her. His, gaze filled with deep concern as he 
observed her from the side. “I’m sorry, I was just so worried about you, and…”
“I was the one who wanted to meet Justin, and no matter what 
happened, it wasn’t your fault. You don’t need to blame yourself.” 
Christopher’s breath hitched, clearly sensing some resistance towar 
him. In frustration, he clenched his fist. 
Bella was devoid of expression. She lowered her eyelids and took out 
her phone, checking her call history. However, no record. of Justin’s 
name appeared. 
She recalled what Justin had said earlier. ‘I called you multiple times 
Chap 751 
tonight, and you didn’t answer! I thought something happened to you, 
and I was worried all night!’ 
Bella contemplated the sincerity of his concerns. Even if it were a lie, 
would he go through the trouble of calling her with a different 
number? 
Suddenly, a realization struck Bella. Holding her breath, she checked 
the list of blocked numbers on her phone. When she saw Justin’s
name in it, tears immediately welled up in her eyes.
###chapter752
“Bella, is there something wrong?” Christopher asked with genuine 
concern as he noticed the change in Bella’s expression. 
“I distinctly remember that I have never blocked Justin’s number. Why is he on my blocked list? Bella’s 
sharp gaze slowly shifted to 
Christopher’s innocent face. 
“Bella..” 
“Did you do it?” Bella asked bluntly. “Aside from you, I haven’t had any private contact with anyone 
tonight. Justin told me he couldn’t reach 
me all night.” 
Christopher clenched his fingers on his knee, a cold gleam flashing 
through his gold-rimmed glasses. 
“I recalled that my phone only left my side when I went to the 
restroom at the restaurant earlier. So, did you block him?” Bella 
squinted her almond-shaped eyes. 
“Bella, are you doubting me?” Christopher’s eyes remained innoce 
and clear.
“I’m only stating facts, not doubting you,” Bella replied bluntly. 
Christopher felt a heavy weight on his chest, making it difficult for him to breathe. “Bella, I admit it was 
wrong of me to mess with your 
phone. I only did it to avoid Justin ruining our date. I’ve been looking forward to today for so long. It was 
selfish of me. I’m sorry.” 
He added, “This is the last time. It will never happen again.” 
Ckapid75? 
Bella was mentally drained from everything that happened tonight and lacked the energy to argue 
further. 
“My issues with Justin are my personal matters, and I prefer to keep them private. Even after our 
divorce, I haven’t completely cut ties with 
him. After all, there might be future business collaborations. As long 
as I’m emotionally detached, that’s what matters. Unnecessary 
actions only prove that I haven’t moved on from him entirely.” 
Christopher, who had been anxious, found a glimmer of hope in her words, “Bella, have you truly 
moved on from him?” 
Bella nodded slowly. 
“That’s great, Bella.” Christopher’s excitement surged through his
body, and his hands trembled with excitement. “Now that you’ve let 
go of Justin, can you give me a chance to be with you? I want to 
stand by your side, supporting you through thick and thin. I wasn’t 
there in your past, but I want to be part of your future.” 
“Chris, I’m not ready for a relationship right now,” Bella said in an exhausted voice. “I’m too tired, and 
I’m not ready to open myself up to love again. I’m sorry.” 
“With me, you just need to allow yourself to be loved.” Christopher gaze intensified as he leaned closer, 
his breath growing heavier.” Bella, can we give it a go? Give me a chance to love you.” 
Bella hesitated, struggling for words. “Dating isn’t like online shopping, where you can return something 
within a week.”. 
“You don’t have to do anything. Just let me love and protect you.” Christopher spoke, bracing himself 
against the car window. 
His eyes were filled with affection that almost overwhelmed Bella. “I’ll always be there for you, no 
matter what. If you think I’m worth it, I’ll always be by your side.” 
“Chris, thank you for saving me tonight. But please don’t take such 
risks in the future.”
###chapter753
Bella frowned, unable to express the strange feeling in her heart. “I’m not worth risking your life for. It’s 
not too late to stop now.” 
‘Stop now?’ Christopher’s hand slowly curled into a fist. His eyes gradually turned red. Those words 
struck him harder than “I don’t love you”. It filled him with shame. 
“Everyone’s love is valuable, and I don’t want you to end up like me. All my love was wasted on Justin.” 
When Justin returned to the car, it was late at night. 
lan bought a cup of hot coffee from a nearby store. When he handed. it to Justin, he noticed Justin’s 
hands were completely frozen, unable to even hold the cup. lan promptly turned up the heater in the 
car, took off his coat, and wrapped it around Justin. 
“Mr. Salvador, there’s a hospital nearby. Let’s go and get your hands 
checked.” 
“How did it happen?” Justin stared at his phone, his tone cold an 
mechanical. 
lan was surprised. “Mr. Salvador, what do you mean?” 
“The photos were on my phone. No one touched it, not even myself. 
How were the photos deleted?” Justin spoke through gritted teeth. 
“Could it be a virus on the phone?”
Chap 753 
lan recalled something from a technology course he attended with 
Justin. “I remember learning that advanced hackers can hack your phone with just your number and 
phone model. They could delete the content that isn’t stored in an encrypted mailbox. So, usually, you’d 
use self-destructing messages or store important documents in encrypted mailboxes, never on your 
phone. Could someone have hacked into your phone?” 
Justin gasped heavily, wiping the sweat from his forehead. Indeed, he had learned about hacking 
techniques in military school. How could he forget? Although the content in the text message could not 
be tampered with, it could be deleted! 
The content in the text message, while not secure from tampering, 
could have been deleted. 
“Go and investigate.” Justin’s face was drained of color, and his jaw was clenched. His voice was 
solemn. “Go to the hotel where Zoe was 
tonight and check the surveillance footage. You have to find that 
woman who looks identical to Bella.” 
“Identical? How is that possible?” 
lan was shocked, wondering if Justin had lost his mind from the “Young Madam is stunningly beautiful. 
Who could compare to her alone be identical? It’s simply not possible!”
“Stop questioning and start investigating,” Justin ordered. He recalle the unsettling resemblance in the 
photo, sending shivers down his 
spine. 
That woman was definitely not Bella. 
But if sorneone with such a striking resemblance to Bella was out 
there, he feared she might cause Bella harm. 
Finding that woman was no longer just about unraveling a conspiracy. 
“As for how the message disappeared, I’ll trace it back myself.”
###chapter754
Chapter 754
The scandal between Zoe and Justin continued to stir up a storm on the internet.
Both the Hoffman and Salvador families sent their PR teams to manage the scandal, but it had escalated beyond control. Although the trending topics were removed, the rumors couldn't be silenced.
When Claire saw the news, she dropped her phone in shock, lost her footing, and tumbled down the stairs. Luckily, the carpet softened the fall, but she was still injured.
Horrified, Ryan immediately rushed his mother to the hospital.
In the hospital room, Claire lay on the bed with an IV drip. She held Ryan's hand tightly, with tears in her eyes.
"Ryan, what should we do? Zoe is only 22 years old. How will she face the world in the future? How will I face your grandfather and father?" Claire said, unable to hold back her tears.
Ryan sat next to the bed. He tried bitterly to comfort her. "Mom, I will handle this."
"How will you handle it?! There are photos and even videos of them! Your sister is not married yet. Now that this scandal has blown up, will any man from a decent family still want to marry her?"
"Zoe is my sister. If anyone dares to speak ill of her, I'll make them regret it." Ryan clenched his teeth, his eyes burning with anger.
"Public opinion can destroy one's reputation! Twenty years ago, our family could do as we pleased in Savrow, and not even the police would intervene. Now, we live in a society governed by law. How can you actually handle this?" Claire cried out, slamming her fists on the bed with all her strength.
Ryan's expression turned cold. The Hoffman family started off in the underworld. Ryan's grandfather, Logan Hoffman, had amassed his initial wealth through fights and schemes with his brothers. But as the times changed, Logan cleaned up the family's image, steering them away from their criminal past.
When Ryan's father took over as the CEO of the Hoffman Group, the company had mostly shed its shady reputation and focused on legitimate business. However, traces of the family's old ways remained.
This was a source of conflict between Ryan's father and uncle. Ryan felt that his father was too lenient and somewhat self-righteous. He believed that if his father had been more assertive, the family's power would have long been in his hands. His cunning and ruthless uncle wouldn't have been able to be in control for so long.
"And what about your so-called good friend? The whole thing started because of him, yet he hasn't come forward to say a word! Does he think he can just act like nothing happened?!"
Claire cried harder, almost fainting.
"Mom, please don't speak of Justin like that. He's not that type of guy!" Ryan fervently defended his good friend.
"So many reporters captured this scene. How can he still deny it?!"
"There must be a reason for this. Justin has never shown any interest in Zoe, and he loves someone else. He would never hurt Zoe like that." Ryan insisted.
With tears in her eyes, Claire bitterly exclaimed, "Zoe is your sister! She's been wronged, but you're defending an outsider!"
"Mom! I..."
"Now, there's only one way to solve this. We have to make Justin take responsibility for Zoe!"
Ryan's expression darkened. "Take responsibility? What do you mean by that?"
"I'll get discharged from the hospital as soon as possible. I'm going to propose an arranged marriage for Zoe and Justin!"
"You can't be serious! Even if you forced him, Justin wouldn't marry Zoe!" Ryan shot up from his seat, shouting in anger.
"It's not up to him to decide." Claire's eyes turned cold, instantly transforming from her usual frail appearance. "A man must take responsibility for his actions! If he refuses to marry Zoe, he'll be going against our entire family. Even if I don't take any action, do you think your grandfather will ignore this? Don't think the Hoffman family won't intervene just because he's Gregory Salvador's son!"
###chapter755
Similar to Nigel Salvador, Logan Hoffman did not live with his sons. 
Instead, Logan lived in his own manor. Although it was slightly smaller compared to the Salvadors 
Tideview Manor, it could still be considered one of the top ten estates in the country. 
By now, the entire Hoffman family was aware of the scandal. Even the servants gossiped about Zoe’s 
scandal during their tea breaks. 
With Justin and the Salvador family keeping quiet, it made Zoe seem like a cheap product discarded 
after use. She was stripped of her dignity as the Hoffman family’s cherished heiress. 
“Hey, has Ms. Zoe arrived?” The maids whispered among themselves. 
“She’s here in Old Master Logan’s study, crying her eyes out.” 
“What good will crying do? As the heiress of the Hoffman family, she 
should understand the importance of upholding her reputation. A 
woman’s reputation is very important. It seems that she has an illicit 
relationship with Mr. Salvador. She was even photographed nake 
the reporters! Who would risk marrying a woman with such a 
tarnished reputation in the future?” 
“Mr. Salvador will surely take responsibility. After all, they even 
booked a room together. Now that it’s out, he’ll have to step up.”
“Hmph! I doubt he’ll take responsibility. He hasn’t shown any sign of it 
yet. It seems like he’s trying to avoid the problem.” 
“Mr. Ryan and Mr. Salvador are still good friends, right? It’s going to 
be awkward when they meet.” 
“Shh! Stop talking. Mr. Liam is coming!” 
The servants quickly backed away, bowing respectfully. “Good day, 
Mr. Liam!” 
He had neatly groomed hair and was dressed in a stylish navy- 
colored designer suit. His eyes gleamed with intelligence. This was Liam Hoffman, Logan’s second son 
and Ryan’s uncle. 
As Liam walked past them, he flashed a smile and left them with al playful warning. “I can ignore your 
gossip, but if my nephew catches 
wind of it, you might lose your tongues.” 
The maids fell silent, trembling. 
“Grandpa… Grandpa! You must stand up for me! I can’t show my face 
in public now!” Zoe cried, throwing herself into Logan’s embrace. 
“Don’t cry too much, dear. It will only make your eyes swollen.” Logan 
comforted Zoe, gently patting her back. His heart ached for her.
Don’t worry. If your mother and Ryan can’t handle this matter, 
Grandpa will speak up for you! Our family has always been respec 
We will not tolerate such injustice!” 
“Dad, you’re absolutely right,” Liam affirmed as he entered the roo 
with a serious expression. “Zoe is my brother’s precious daughter 
You’ve always favored Zoe the most. We can’t just let it slide with the 
Salvador boy. 
“Uncle Liam..” Zoe sobbed even harder. 
Chap 365 
From a young age, Zoe had always seen her uncle as kind and generous. Unlike her father, who was 
strict and limited her spending, 
her uncle was different. He often spoiled her with gifts and a 
generous allowance, which boosted her self-esteem. This positive impression of him remained 
unchanged over the years. 
Logan’s expression turned sour. “Liam, you’re aware of the situation 
too?” 
Liam sighed heavily. “Dad, you know the extent of our family’s
influence in Savrow. Even minor issues will stir up the entire city.”
###chapter756
“In my opinion, we should let Justin marry Zoe.” Liam lazily sat on the 
sofa, casually picked up an orange from the tray, and began to peel it. 
Logan’s thick, gray eyebrows shot up suddenly. Zoe, who was still hiding in her grandfather’s embrace, 
smiled slyly when she heard Liam’s suggestion. 
“The eldest son of the Salvador family is sickly. He is hardly suited to 
inherit the family business. Although Justin is an illegitimate child 
with a somewhat questionable background, sooner or later, the 
Salvador family will fall into Justin’s hands. If Zoe marries him, she’ll 
become the young madam of the Salvador family, which isn’t such a 
bad arrangement after all.” Liam crossed his legs and casually 
popped a slice of orange into his mouth. 
“Uncle! What are you talking about…?” Zoe asked nervously, her 
cheeks flushing. 
“I’ve given it some thought. We could say that Zoe and Justin have 
been in a relationship for some time, but both families kept it private
to avoid public attention. Since both of them are unmarried, it’s perfectly normal for them to spend 
some private time together in a hotel room. There’s no need for the public to overreact. Look at how 
scared Zoe is!” 
Liam, who owned an entertainment company and a public relations firm, was highly skilled at managing 
public image and reputation. 
“Uncle Liam, your ability to improvise and spin stories is very impressive. As your nephew, I aspire to 
learn from you.” Ryan 
remarked sarcastically as he entered the study. His imposing 
presence filled the room with an intimidating aura. 
“Ryan…” Zoe’s heart skipped a beat, and she quickly sought comfort in Logan’s embrace. 
The smile on Liam’s face froze for a moment. He accidentally crushed the orange in his hand into a 
pulp. “My dear nephew, are you 
in a bad mood? You always seem to find joy in teasing your uncle 
whenever you see me.” 
“Ryan, mind your manners when speaking to your elders,” Logan 
scolded, his tone tinged with irritation. 
Ryan’s handsome face was cold as he faced Liam. His smile was both mocking and dangerously 
attractive. He sneered. “Since you became the CEO, you have expanded the business widely. Now
you’re even interfering in the affairs of the household. Uncle Liam, are you trying to act as a father 
figure because you don’t have children of 
your own?” 
Liam seethed with anger, and his eyes reddened. He had been 
haunted by the curse of being childless. Although he blamed his wif 
for being barren, the reality was that he was infertile. Despite his anger, he could only suppress his 
rage in front of Logan. 
“Ryan! How dare you speak to your uncle like that? You’re being too 
disrespectful!” Logan slapped the armrest of the sofa. 
“Grandpa, I was just teasing Uncle Liam. He’s always cherished me 
the most since I was little. How could he bear to be angry with me?” Ryan immediately put on a childish 
look, smiling playfully at Liam. 
Liam still wore a smile on his face, but in his mind, he had already 
cursed his nephew to death. 
“As for Zoe’s marriage, you don’t need to worry about it, Uncle Liam. I will find her a suitable husband, 
but one thing is for certain-it will never be Justin.” Ryan’s words hung heavily, and the atmosphere in
the room became tense. 
Zoe’s smug expression faded into gloom. 
“Ryan, your words baffle me. If Zoe doesn’t marry Mr. Salvador, then 
who will she marry?” 
Liam’s expression turned serious, saying, “Things have escalated to this point. If the Salvador family 
rejects Zoe, it will tarnish our family’s reputation. Are you saying that your sister is merely cheap 
entertainment for Mr. Salvador? Does he think that we are chumps?”
###chapter757
Before Liam could finish speaking, Zoe burst into tears again and 
cried out. “Grandpa… Uncle Liam… I can’t bear to show my face in public anymore! I’d rather die!” 
“Don’t cry, my dear! Grandpa will definitely stand up for you!” Logan, 
known for being an authoritarian, couldn’t contain his anger and 
smashed a nearby teacup. “Justin wants to fool around and then 
shirk responsibility, huh? He must be tired of living!” 
“Ryan, is your mother also injured because of this? Is she in the hospital right now?” 
Ryan’s throat tightened, rendering him speechless. 
“Once your mother is discharged, the two of you are to go to the 
Salvador family to propose marriage. If you don’t, I’ll take matters into 
my own hands!” 
“Grandpa! Calm down!” Ryan’s frustration boiled over. His eyes wer 
ablaze with anger at the thought of Logan causing trouble with th 
Salvador family. 
“Ryan, if I recall correctly, you and Mr. Salvador are like brothers,
right?” Liam spoke casually, crossing his legs. “If Zoe marries Mr. 
Salvador, it’ll bring both our families closer. I don’t understand why 
you’re so against it.” 
“1 
“It’s precisely because of my close relationship with Justin that I 
understand him.” Ryan retorted coldly, his desperation evident. 
Justin is in love with someone else-Bella Thompson, Wyatt 
Thompson’s daughter.” 
At the mention of Bella, the air in the room turned dense. Even Logan, the ruthless patriarch, showed a 
hint of fear in his eyes. 
“Zoe, haven’t you confessed to Justin multiple times before? Haven’t 
you 
tried every means possible? Has it made a difference? Has Justin ever shown any interest in you?” 
Ryan confronted Zoe. His gaze was icy, and his voice was low and menacing. 
Zoe shuddered. “Ryan… What are you talking about?” 
“You’ve tried every trick in the book, yet Justin has never given you a second thought. How could he 
possibly agree to meet you in a hotel room? Zoe, do I need to spell it out for you like this? When will 
you ever learn?!” Ryan grew angrier as he spoke, the veins on his forehead
throbbing with anger. 
He could tolerate Zoe’s arrogance and stubbornness, but not her 
deceit and manipulation. 
“Grandpa… Grandpa, look at what Ryan is accusing me of!” Zoe went all out, determined to play the 
victim. “I’m his biological sister 
look at how he speaks of me. He thinks I’m just some slut who 
seduces men! Yes, I do have feelings for Justin, but it takes tw 
tango. If he really didn’t want me, then what happened that night 
wouldn’t have…” Her voice trailed off, and her cheeks flushed as tea 
welled up in her eyes. 
The implications of her unfinished sentence were clear. 
“Even if, as you claim, Justin has feelings for Bella, I doubt their 
relationship will end well.” 
Logan lightly patted Zoe’s head and gritted his teeth. “Since Zoe admires that Salvador boy, there’s 
nothing more to discuss. She’s my only granddaughter, and I will make sure she gets whatever she 
wants!”
Zoe was in tears, but inside, she was thrilled. 
“Grandpa!” Ryan clenched his fists with rage. 
Liam chuckled. “If our family could form an alliance with the Salvador family, that would be great!” Liam 
stood up nonchalantly and bowed to Zoe. “Congratulations in advance, Zoe! I will present you with a 
generous gift when the time comes.”
###chapter758
As soon as Liam left Logan’s mansion, his expression darkened. 
His secretary followed closely behind him and asked in surprise, “Mr. Liam, I overheard your 
conversation with Mr. Ryan in the study. Why would you support Ms. Zoe’s marriage with Mr. Salvador 
when you clearly know…” 
“Do you really think that Justin will marry Zoe?” Liam asked with a 
playful smirk. 
“Justin has caused so much trouble for Ms. Thompson. Just recently, he almost sacrificed his life for 
her. They have a lot of history, and it’s clear to anyone with common sense that my niece is 
overestimating herself by trying to win over someone who has rejected her.” 
He continued, “Justin will never marry her. I’m backing Zoe’s marriage 
to Justin because I know he won’t fall easily for her tactics. This is the only way we can create chaos 
and put a strain on Ryan and Justin’s relationship. The more chaotic the situation, the bette 
for us.” 
“You’re so wise!” Liam’s secretary exclaimed in admiration. 
Liam’s eyes flashed with a cunning glint. “Since ancient times, t 
best way to turn brothers against each other is through women. Eve 
legendary figures like Mark Antony and Julius Caesar fell victim to it Brotherhood? What a joke!”
As he was about to descend the stairs, he suddenly remembered something and asked in a hushed 
tone, “By the way, what was the 
Chap 758 
name of the Salvador girl that Zoe mentioned earlier? The one Ryan is 
dating?” 
“Carrie Salvador!” 
“Yes. Keep an eye on her. When the time comes, she could prove to be a valuable card for us to play.” 
“Ryan! Let go of me! It hurts!” Zoe screamed in pain. 
Ryan’s face was as cold as ice, and his eyes were raging with anger. 
He dragged Zoe by her arm to an empty room. Once inside, Ryan swung his arm forcefully, throwing 
Zoe to the floor. 
“Ah!” Zoe fell awkwardly and cried out in pain. She felt the pain from the impact and had a noticeable 
bruise forming on her arm. 
“Zoe, tell me the truth. What happened at the hotel the other day?!” Ryan suppressed his anger with all 
his might. If it were someone else, he might have snapped her neck. 
“I don’t know what you’re talking about!” Zoe remained stubborn, despite the pain she felt. 
“Someone must have helped you plan this. With your brains, you couldn’t have done it all alone!” Ryan 
leaned in closer and stared int her red eyes. “Tell me! Who set you up? Who planned all this behind
the scenes?!” 
Zoe’s heart raced, and cold sweat dripped down her face. How could 
she possibly tell Ryan? Besides, she was only following someone 
else’s instructions. She didn’t even know who that person was! 
She gritted her teeth and lied, “Nobody helped me. It was all my idea!” 
“Zoe! Why are you still lying to me?” Ryan shouted, his voice filled 
with anger. 
Zoe smirked mockingly, provoking him further. “What’s wrong? Are 
you not satisfied? Are you going to hit me? Or are you going to kill 
me?”
###chapter759
Zoe’s brazen and malicious laughter, coupled with her unscrupulous actions, have repeatedly 
challenged Ryan’s bottom line. 
Ryan never fathomed that he would see his sister behave in such a manner. When did his beloved 
sister become such a degenerate? 
“I’ll ask you again. Who is behind all of this? Who is pulling the strings?!” Ryan roared hysterically at 
Zoe. 
“Nobody is manipulating me. You can ask me a million times, and my answer will remain the same.” 
Zoe asserted herself as she slowly stood up. She straightened her designer dress and casually flipped 
her brown, wavy hair. 
“Ryan, I’ll marry your best friend soon and become the young madam of the Salvador family. I will be 
the wife of Salvador Corporation’s president. You know Justin’s character better than anyone. Despite 
your plans to introduce me to a wealthy suitor, I’ve been in love with Justin for as long as I can 
remember. I won’t settle for anyone 
Shouldn’t you be happy for me if I marry into such a prestigious family? Aren’t you the one who doted 
on me the most? Was your affection for me not genuine?” 
“Zoe, what nonsense are you spouting?” Ryan felt like every word s 
uttered was stabbing his heart, fueling his already raging emotion 
“Oh, right. You no longer care about me. You’ve found someone new
to replace me. What am I to you now? Probably less important than Carrie, right?” Zoe laughed 
hysterically and burst into tears. 
“Let me make it clear. Justin will never marry you. Stop being 
delusional!” Ryan was furious. “Also, Carrie has never been your enemy. She is…” 
“My future sister-in-law? How can a retarded person be my sister-in- 
law?!” 
Zoe sneered disdainfully, “Even if I accept it, Mom and Grandpa will never accept Carrie as your wife. 
Face it, Ryan. No matter how much you love her, she’ll always be a mistress, hidden away without any 
status or recognition. Do you really think Chairman Salvador would ever allow you to marry Carrie? I 
think you might be better off marrying Bethany.” 
Ryan’s heart ached, and his breath was heavy. “My marriage and love life are my own decisions. 
There’s no need for your concern or 
anyone else’s!” 
“The same goes for you. My marriage is none of your business,” Zoe replied, rubbing her bruised arms 
before heading toward the door. 
“Zoe, you’re taking the flight back to Inalia tonight. Without my consent, you’re not allowed back to 
Savrow!” Ryan’s eyes were fill with anger and disappointment. He slowly turned to look at her. you 
don’t leave, I’ll make you leave.” 
“Haha! Ryan, do you really think you can control me at this point? Zoe leaned against the doorframe, 
raising her chin arrogantly.” Grandpa wants me to stay here until I’m married off to Justin. Do you really 
think you can control me before that happens? Don’t even think
of sending me away.” 
“Zoe.” Ryan took a deep breath. His face turned solemn. “From now 
on, you’re not my sister anymore.” 
Zoe’s eyes turned cold, devoid of any emotions. “If you can’t stand by me as my brother, then I’m better 
off without you!” 
* 
Savrow was buzzing with another scandal that was spreading like wildfire across the city. The scandal 
involving a wealthy family was far more interesting than any minor celebrity gossip. 
However, Bella paid no attention to such matters, as she had far more important issues to attend to.
###chapter760
“Bella, you’re incredible!” Ralph exclaimed. 
In the cafe within the KS World Hotel, Ralph was sitting in a corner with Bella. He laid out several 
photos in front of her. “Just as you 
suspected, that thug had a secret room in his house, filled with photos of Shannon.” 
“It’s clear that he’s not just a casual fan of Aunt Celeste, as he claimed. I think his obsession with her 
has taken a twist.” 
Bella pressed her crimson lips together and spoke in a hushed tone. Ralph, have you uncovered any 
other significant clues?” 
Ralph hesitated briefly before pulling out a plastic bag from his pocket. Inside the bag was a necklace 
made of white gold and adorned with diamonds. The design appeared outdated, and the quality 
seemed less than stellar. “I found this in his house. It was carefully stored in a box, so it must be 
important to him.” 
Bella had an excellent memory and never forgot anything she s 
She recognized the necklace immediately and quickly searched through the photos. “Isn’t this the 
necklace Shannon used to we The resemblance in the photos is striking,” Bella said as she pulle 
out a picture. 
Her keen eyes left Ralph-an experienced detective-feeling 
inadequate. “Bella, you’re wasting your talent by not being in my line.
of work!” 
Bella smirked. “I can’t handle it. I have a bad temper and might just 
Chap 760 
take matters into my own hands with the suspect.” 
Ralph remained silent and listened to Bella. 
“It seems that Shannon has a close relationship with this man. If she’s giving him her signature 
necklace, do you think there’s something suspicious going on between them?” Bella’s beautiful eyes 
narrowed slightly. 
“Even if there is, it’s all in the past. This only suggests that they knew each other, but it’s not evidence 
that Shannon conspired with this man to harm Aunt Celeste,” Ralph said solemnly. 
“I understand. But with the current evidence, it’s enough to put 
Shannon in a tight spot,” Bella replied. 
She picked up the necklace and examined it under the light. Her eyes 
shimmered with determination. 
“Ralph, you’ve interrogated him, but he won’t talk. If he’s truly working for Shannon, there won’t be any 
suspicious transaction records 
between them. We can’t solidify the charges of her attempted 
murder.”
Bella continued. “So, what I need to do now is leverage this 
information to gather more evidence and strike Shannon where it 
hurts the most.” 
Ralph widened his eyes in anticipation. “Bella, what do you have 
mind?” 
Bella leaned back. Her slender figure radiated both grace and authority as she tapped her fingertips 
slowly on the table. 
“I’m going to pay a visit to Tideview Manor and have a chat with 
Shannon.” 
* 
After parting ways with Ralph, Bella received a call from her older 
sister, Camilla. 
Camilla informed Bella that she would be flying back to Sentania the 
next morning. With that, Bella and Steven immediately hurried back to 
Yara Park.
Mila held Camilla’s hand in the living room. Both mother and daughter 
were on the verge of tears as they spoke intimately. 
“Mom, you’re being dramatic,” Camilla said cheerfully, though her 
eyes were red. “Sentania isn’t that far. We’re still on the same 
continent! You can visit me anytime.” 
“The last time I visited, I stayed for three days, but I didn’t even get to 
see you once! You’re always busy with your husband.” Mila tightly 
gripped her daughter’s hand, her voice choked with emotion. “I deeply regret it. You’ve become so 
estranged after marriage!” 
“I’m sorry, Mom. Edward had a sudden work arrangement, and a wife, I had to accompany him.” 
Camilla admitted her fault, feeling guilty and uneasy. 
“Camilla!” Bella rushed in, her eyes brimming with reluctance. “Cal you stay a little longer? I barely got 
to spend any quality time with 
you!” 
“There’s plenty of time in the future, Bella,” Camilla reassured her, getting up quickly. The sisters held 
hands. “After the election, I’ll bring your brother-in-law back to Hatchbay. We’ll stay for a few more days 
and have a joyful reunion.”
###chapter761
“Well, I suppose I should trust you.” 
“Ms. Bella, you’re back!” 
Steven walked in hurriedly, still dressed in a suit, but with quite an 
amount of flour on the front. 
“Oh? Steve, you’re cooking?” Bella asked curiously. 
“Yes. Madam Celeste and Ms. Amelia are in the kitchen, so I thought 
I’d help out.” Steven seemed somewhat embarrassed and worried. 
“What? Celeste is cooking in the kitchen?” 
Mila stood up in shock. “Why didn’t you stop her? She just fainted in 
the morning!” 
Bella’s heart skipped a beat. “Aunt Celeste fainted? I’ll look for her!” 
Amelia stayed by her mother’s side in the kitchen. They were cookin 
together. 
“Mom, are you alright?” Amelia worriedly looked at Celeste’s pale fa 
“I’m fine. We need to hurry up. It’s almost dinner time. It would be ba
for everyone to starve…” Celeste muttered in a daze while quickly 
chopping vegetables. 
Suddenly, she cried out. 
“Mom! Your hand is bleeding!” Amelia was frightened and at a loss. She was on the verge of tears. 
“Aunt Celeste!” 
Bella and Steven arrived in time to see this scene. Seeing Celeste’s deep wound, Bella decisively said, 
“Steven, get the first aid kit from my room. Aunt Celeste has a deep cut on her finger. She needs 
stitches!” 
“Yes, Ms. Bella!” 
Steven quickly returned with the first aid kit, and Bella skillfully 
stitched and bandaged Celeste’s finger. 
Looking at Bella’s proficient stitching skills, Amelia was speechless with amazement. Her sister was 
like an invincible goddess. There was nothing Bella could not do. 
Amelia felt weak and useless when she compared herself to Bella. Her mother was bullied and almost 
gravely hurt, but there was nothing she could do about it. Amelia had to hold back her tears in 
desperation. 
“Ms. Amelia, please rest assured with Ms. Bella here.”
Steven leaned down, putting his warm hands on Amelia’s tremblin shoulders. He felt her heartache. 
“Madam Celeste prepared a few dishes. Let’s set the table.” 
Amelia sensed that Bella wanted to talk to Celeste, so she wiped off her tears and obediently followed 
Steven out of the kitchen. 
“Aunt Celeste, don’t worry. You’ve suffered so many grievances. We won’t let this slide.” Bella lowered 
her gaze as she bandaged 
Celeste’s finger with gauze. 
“Bella, thanks for the thought, but don’t do anything for me. I’m fine!” Celeste panicked, her gaze 
becoming unfocused and messy. 
“Perhaps someone dared to target you twenty years ago, and now 
she wants to repeat the same trick. She just has a death wish!” 
Bella took a deep breath and suppressed the rising anger in her chest. “Since she wants to die so 
badly, I’ll make sure to fulfill her wish.” 
Celeste suddenly returned to her senses and grabbed Bella’s hand, panting. “Bella… Do you know who 
did it?!” 
“Yeah. I’m sure you can guess who it is too.” 
Bella’s eyes flashed with pain. “You should have told Wyatt. How can 
he sit idly by when his wife is being bullied?!”
“Bella, I don’t want any revenge… I only want our family to live in peace.” A tear fell from Celeste’s 
eyes.
###chapter762
Bella sighed softly. 
They understood Wyatt well. If Wyatt knew that Shannon was the 
mastermind, he might have sent someone to assassinate her. 
Bella thought it was not an elegant solution. Killing someone meant you had to pay the price for it, so 
they could get into trouble. 
She could fight fairly and play dirty tricks, but dealing with a vicious woman like Shannon would require 
her to pull out all the stops. 
“Aunt Celeste, look at this person. Do you recognize him?” 
Bella held her phone and showed Celeste the culprit’s photo. Since the culprit was masked during the 
attack, Celeste did not see his face. 
“This man… He…” 
Celeste’s eyes gradually widened. “His name is Adrian Sterling, an assistant at TS Channel. He often 
ran errands around the TV stati 
like serving drinks to the actors.” 
“That means he’s free to enter the TS headquarters, right?” 
“That’s not all. He also did some odd jobs on the set. When we don 
have enough actors, he would jump in to be an extra.”
Celeste asked in confusion, “Bella, what happened? Why are you suddenly asking about this man?” 
Bella furrowed her brows. A chilling thought suddenly emerged in her mind. 
Bella walked out of Celeste’s room with a gloomy and worried face. 
“Ms. Bella.” 
A servant came up and said respectfully, “A young man is waiting for 
you at the door for quite some time.” 
Bella’s heart skipped a beat as her palms started to sweat. She could 
not help thinking about how Justin had looked when he stood facing 
the wind and snow, patiently waiting for her. 
“Did you tell anyone else?” Bella asked, her voice hoarse. 
The servant answered, “No. He asked me to only inform you privately instead of disturbing others,” 
“Got it.” 
Bella adjusted her breath and walked across the spacious courtyard, arriving at the door with a 
throbbing heart. 
Thump… Thump…
For some reason, although they had parted ways unpleasantly th day, she did not harbor much 
resentment toward him. Instead, h heart was beating so fast that it was almost out of control. 
Bella could not understand her own heart. 
She pushed the door open and raised her gaze, her long lashes fluttering. 
“Bella.” 
A gentle voice rang out with affection, sounding clear and pleasant. 
However, Bella’s hopeful heart was disappointed. 
The man in front of her was holding an Akhal-Teke and staring at her 
with a passionate gaze and warm smile. It was not Justin. 
It was Christopher. 
How could it not be Justin?
###chapter763
“Why did you come?” 
Bella thought, ‘Why is it him, not Justin?’ 
Christopher wore a black suit and held a magnificent horse that 
sparkled in the midst of the night. He looked elegant and noble, like a 
prince walking out of a palace. 
“I came to see you.” 
“How’s your injury? You broke your ribs, so you need to rest for at 
least two months. What about the cast on your arm?” Bella recalled 
the horrible accident that night and asked about his injuries. 
“I’m not even scared of shattering my bones because of your concern 
for me.” Christopher stared at her with an affectionate gaze. 
Bella’s breath hitched. She was unsure how to respond. 
“Aside from visiting you, I also wanted to bring this horse to you. Y 
left in a hurry last time and couldn’t take it with you.” 
“Chris, this horse is beautiful. Thank you, but it’s too precious. I ca
accept it.” Bella gently declined. 
“Bella, did I make you angry? Are you still upset about that day…” 
“No. It’s in the past now. Even if I didn’t block Justin, the relationship 
between me and him is not much different from that.” Bella smiled 
bitterly. 
Christopher’s fingers tightened around the reins in his hand. 
Suddenly, he smiled. “I picked this horse for you and shipped it from overseas, which took over a 
month. I kept it at the Iverson family’s racecourse without their knowledge. You saw what happened at 
the 
racecourse that day. Charles is managing the racecourse, so I can’t 
keep the horse there anymore, but my house doesn’t have enough 
space. So… Can you help me out as a friend?” 
At this point, Bella could not refuse anymore. She had always fulfilled 
requests from her friends. 
“Then I will take care of the horse in your stead temporarily. When 
you have a place for it, let me know immediately, and I’ll send it to 
you.”
Bella stared at the horse, unable to hide the joy beneath her gaze. 
But there was no gain without effort. Bella’s upbringing taught her that no matter how good someone 
else’s belongings might be, she 
must not claim them for herself without a solid reason. 
“Okay. When I have a place for it, I’ll take it back.” 
Christopher looked up at the starry night sky. Crystal-clear snowflakes fell as he asked, “Bella, the night 
wind at Hatchbay is 
quite cold. Could I come in for a drink?” 
Bella then realized they had been standing outside in the cold win while talking. It was indeed a little 
impolite. She said embarrassedly Sorry, Chris, Please come in.” 
Christopher’s lips curled up as he walked to her. 
Just as he stood in front of Bella, he suddenly frowned and stared at her face. 
“What is it? Do I have something on my head?” Bella blinked in 
surprise. 
Christopher slowly raised his hand, reaching toward her hair. 
Bella’s heart skipped a beat. She wanted to dodge him, but a red rose
suddenly appeared before her eyes. 
As if he plucked it from her head, it was dark red and stunningly 
beautiful. 
“Where’d you get this from?” 
“I practiced a magic trick for you.” 
Christopher adjusted his golden-rimmed glasses shyly. He was a 
refined man, but he acted like a teenager at that moment. “A rose for 
a beauty like you. Forgive me for my crude technique. You can laugh if you want.” 
Bella was shocked, feeling a mix of emotions. 
The more Christopher tried to please her, the guiltier she felt. 
The butler led the horse inside, astounded and gaping, while Bella guided Christopher into Yara Park.
###chapter764
Just as the gate was about to close, Christopher suddenly halted and 
looked back coldly. His lips curled up into a mocking smile. 
“Ha. Coward.” 
At this moment, Justin stood alone by the window, staring outside in 
a daze. 
He smoked cigarette after cigarette, creating a pile of ash in the crystal ashtray. Smoke filled the room, 
blurring his handsome but lonely face. 
Justin coughed a few times, feeling like his chest was hollowed out. 
He recalled the day he threw the divorce papers in front of Bella, forcing her to sign them. He was 
standing in the same place as when Bella left Tideview Manor in Asher’s car. She did not take a penny 
with 
her. 
At that time, Justin was furious, but he did not understand where the 
anger came from. 
Now, he finally understood it. He was reluctant to let Bella leave. 
For a long time after that, he and Bella hurt each other with words and confronted each other, only to 
prove a ridiculous point-that he did not love her.
His love was not a belated affection that was cheaper than dirt. He 
only realized who his heart belonged to after Bella left. 
His love did not show because it was already engraved in his bones. 
At this time, his phone rang. Seeing lan’s name on the screen, Justin felt his heart skip a beat. He 
quickly picked it up after stubbing out the cigarette. 
“Hello.” 
“Mr. Salvador, I’ve been waiting outside Young Madam’s house the whole night as per your orders and 
finally saw her!” lan should have sounded relieved to complete his task, but his tone was heavy. 
“How is she?” Justin held his breath and asked with a heavy 
expression. 
Thinking about how Bella left him with Christopher that night in the garden, he still felt a piercing pain in 
his heart. Justin stopped himself from calling Bella’s name. He was still sulking about the situation. 
He loved her, but that did not mean he would give up on his pride. 
“Mr. Salvador, I’ll send some photos to you. Please be mentally 
prepared.” 
Justin’s phone rang with notifications. lan sent the photos through WhatsApp to Justin. 
Justin lowered his gaze and loaded the photos.
In the photo, Christopher leaned against Bella’s neck. From this angle, 
it looked as if Christopher was kissing her smooth cheek. 
The two stood close together, and their intimacy was undeniable! 
Chap 264 
Bella only ever showed her resistance and repulsion toward Justin. Each time, Justin shamelessly 
approached her, despite her cold 
treatment, and every time, Bella crushed his pride. 
Justin got angrier the more he thought about it. His eyes reddened. 
Shatter! 
He punched the glass window. The deafening sound frightened lan 
on the other end of the phone. 
“Calm down, Mr. Salvador. If you can’t endure this, please come over 
to meet her. Mr. Iverson is at Young Madam’s house now. You can’t 
just stand by and watch! Isn’t that equivalent to admitting defeat?” 
“Meet her? What’s the point?” 
Justin trembled with anger as his chest heaved. His eyes were moist, 
and he looked disappointed and dejected.
“Didn’t she say that she doesn’t want to see me anymore? I’ll fulfill 
her wish.” 
He thought, ‘Bella, you should have a limit on torturing me.’
###chapter765
Bella’s brothers and Wyatt were not home tonight. They went on a 
business trip, so it was mostly the women at home. 
Strictly speaking, Christopher was not a stranger. At this late hour, everyone was watching Celeste due 
to her incident. Bella did not want to disturb her family, so she brought Christopher to the guest hall. 
Unexpectedly, Camilla was drinking coffee in the guest hall. 
“Camilla, you haven’t rested yet?” 
Bella was a little surprised. Then, she introduced Christopher. “Oh, 
this is my friend, Chris-” 
“Christopher Iverson, the fourth son of the Iverson family. I met him 
at Aunt Celeste’s birthday banquet, and he left an impression.” 
Camilla gracefully put down her coffee cup and smiled faintly at 
Christopher. “Apart from Bella’s brothers, I’ve never seen any mal 
friends around her. You are the first.” 
“It is my honor that Bella chose me as her friend.” 
Christopher smiled sincerely. “It is also my honor to meet the future 
First Lady of Sentania in private.”
Bella was taken aback. She did not expect him to say so. 
Camilla remained calm. “I’m just Bella’s sister, and my husband is an 
ordinary senator in Sentania. You’re flattering me.” 
Christopher curled his lips and said nothing. 
“Bella, entertain your guest. I won’t disturb you.” Camilla slowly stood 
1. 
Although Bella maintained a smile, she could sense that something 
was off between her sister and Christopher, but she did not know 
what it was. 
Camilla left the guest hall, and her expression fell once she closed 
the door. She took out her phone from her pocket and called her 
assistant. 
“Is there any progress on the matter I asked you to investigate?” 
“Yes, Madam. The background check on Christopher Iverson has 
been sent to your personal email.”
“Got it.” 
As it was late, Christopher did not want to impose. He stayed for a 
short while and then left. 
In the car, Taylor immediately beamed. “Mr. Christopher, Ms. 
attitude toward you is getting better. She accepted your gift and 
invited you in for a while.” 
Christopher pushed his glasses, and his expression did not show 
much happiness. “Start the car.” 
Bella did not accept his gift, nor did she invite him inside.. 
It was still the same as before. He took the initiative, as it had always 
been. 
Bella had never taken a step towards him. 
“Justin Salvador is completely out of the picture now that Ms. Bella 
has grown tired of him. There is no other man around Ms. Bella who
can compare to you. You and Ms. Bella will surely be together!” 
Christopher loosened his tie with his slender fingers and asked 
nonchalantly, “Do you mean that I’m not as good as Justin?” 
Taylor shivered in fear. “I wouldn’t dare! Please forgive me!” 
“Bella might have let go of Justin, but Justin has not truly given up on her. I can’t let down my guard 
yet.” 
As he spoke, Christopher glanced outside the car window with a dark 
gaze. 
“Mr. Christopher, I have some results from the investigation,” Taylor 
said with a gloomy expression. 
“Speak.” 
“Someone did something to the horse at the racecourse that day. 
ran blood tests on the horse and found narcotics.”
###chapter766
“Not only that. Our men secretly searched inside and outside the racecourse. In the end, we found this 
in the trash bin.” 
Taylor took out a plastic bag that contained a syringe from his bag.” 
After we checked the surveillance footage, we found out that the mastermind was indeed Mr. Charles.” 
Christopher narrowed his eyes, full of mockery. “Charles and James 
are the same. They are born evil. Charles doesn’t even have his brother’s cunning brains. He uses 
dirty tricks that can’t be taken seriously. This idiot doesn’t deserve my attention.” 
“But we can’t just let this slide. We’ll look cowardly!” Taylor gritted his teeth. 
“Of course not.” 
Christopher leaned back leisurely and closed his eyes. “He broke one of my ribs, so I’ll break three of 
his. He broke my arm, so I’ll break his leg. Fair, isn’t it?” 
Taylor repeatedly said, “Yeah, definitely! You’re already showing mercy to him as his brother by not 
killing him!” Brother? 
Was Charles worthy of the title? 
Christopher chuckled and shook his finger. 
“If it were Bella who got injured that day, I wouldn’t have let Charles live until now.”,
After Bella took a shower and did her skincare routine from head to toe, her heavy mood finally eased a 
bit. 
“Bella, are you asleep?” Camilla’s voice sounded outside the door. 
“Not yet! Come in.” 
Camilla opened the door and entered. 
Bella patted her face while looking back. Camilla wore a light blue silk nightgown. Her eyes arched in a 
smile. With her fair skin, she looked like an ethereal fairy. 
“Oh! The most beautiful First Lady is here!” 
“Bella, where did you get the horse? It’s so shiny-even brighter than the lights in the yard. It almost 
blinded me!” Camilla was curious. 
“It’s Christopher’s horse.” Bella continued massaging her face. 
“Is it his horse, or did he give it to you?” 
“His horse. He wanted to give it to me as a gift, but I didn’t accept.” 
“Horses are your favorite animal. That’s an Akhal-Teke, but you could even resist such a big 
temptation. It looks like you want to maintain a clear boundary with him.” 
Camilla nodded thoughtfully, murmuring, “If so, I can rest assured…” 
Unexpectedly, Bella had sharp ears and heard it. “Camilla, what did you say? Rest assured? Why?” 
“I can see that Christopher likes you. The way he looks at you is so obvious.”
At the mention of this, Bella felt a headache. “I know. He confessed to me. What should I do? Is there a 
book in the world that could teach me how to stop emitting charisma or stop men from being interested 
in me? I’m opposed to dating now. If it goes on, I could only become a nun.” 
“Why? Is it because Mr. Salvador broke your heart?” Camilla teased. 
“That’s not breaking my heart. At most, it’s like being bitten by a dog! Hmph!” 
Thinking of Justin, Bella subconsciously used more force when patting her face. 
“Aunt Sasha was overjoyed to see the horse. She’s riding it in the yard/ now.” Camilla laughed as she 
changed the topic. 
“What?! Aunt Sasha rode the horse?!”
###chapter767
Bella immediately stood up from her chair and widened her eyes. “I haven’t even rode it yet!” 
“Come on, just let her be. You easily give away jewelry worth millions, but you’re reluctant to let people 
ride your horse?” 
At this moment, the faint sound of Sasha’s voice came from outside the window. 
“Giddy up! Hahaha!” 
Bella rubbed her temples. “Well, as long as she’s happy.” 
Camilla slowly sat on the sofa, pursing her lips, looking as if something was on her mind. 
“Camilla, you must have something to tell me if you came over so late.” 
Bella walked over and sat next to her, holding her arm intimately. S asked in a low voice, “Is it related to 
Christopher?” 
“I remember that he used to come over to our house when you wer kids. You seem to be close to him,” 
Camilla asked. 
“Yeah. We were classmates in elementary school.” 
Bella narrowed her eyes and recalled, “At that time, he was bullied in class, so I helped him. He was 
grateful and always clung to me like a little follower. Because of my family background, nobody in class 
played with me. They avoided me. I could only pair up with Christopher, so we were playmates. To be 
honest, I was quite happy during our childhood. Later, he went to Sentania with his mother, and we lost 
contact for 15 years.”
“Fifteen years? That means when he reappeared, he was basically a stranger to you.” Camilla looked 
deep in thought. 
“Yeah. When I first saw him, I didn’t even recognize him. He was so small and cute back then, like a 
little girl. But now, he’s an ideal man- tall and handsome.” 
“Do you think he’s handsome? Between Christopher and Justin, who do you think is better looking?” 
Camilla playfully winked at her. 
“Camilla, did Justin secretly bribe you? Why do you keep mentioning his name? Ugh!” Bella’s heart 
twitched, and she pouted. 
“Bella, I am not against you befriending Christopher. Chairman. Iverson is good friends with Dad, so his 
son won’t mistreat you. But…” 
Thinking about the investigation results about Christopher, Camilla darkened her expression. 
“Christopher is not as simple as he looks. I did a background investigation on him in private. He has a 
wide ra of businesses in Sentania that cover many fields. He has a comp network. Sentania’s situation 
is complicated. Gangs and drugs a everywhere. The politicians and businessmen collude brazenly. Afte 
my husband takes office, the first thing he needs to tackle is drug trafficking.” 
Bella could not help but feel worried for her sister. “Camilla, it sounds like you guys will have a tough 
road ahead.” 
“Don’t change the subject.” 
Camilla’s expression was serious. “In Sentania, the scale of Christopher’s business meant that he 
could not avoid being in the drug trade. I heard he was even summoned by the police due to his 
involvement in the drug trade. However, he was released because of insufficient evidence.”
“What did you say?” Bella’s pupils shrank. 
“Although there’s no evidence, and he went back safely, not being convicted doesn’t mean he’s 
innocent. Since he was investigated, there was a high possibility of him being involved. Furthermore, 
he was investigated by my husband’s student. That man was righteous and impartial. He wouldn’t be 
bought off, and he wouldn’t slander someone without a reason.” 
Camilla held Bella’s hand tightly, concern showing in her eyes. “Bella, it’s fine for you to be friends. But 
don’t get too close to a dangerous man like Christopher.” 
Bella’s eyelashes fluttered as she pondered. Then, she nodded. “ Camilla, I’m an adult who has been 
through many things. I’ve seen t cruelest battlefield and the darkest side of humanity. I’ll keep words in 
mind.” 
Five days later, a row of black luxury cars entered Tideview Manor in the evening, lining up at the 
entrance. 
A few bodyguards clad in black suits got off first. The golden badge pinned to their chests indicated that 
they were from the Hoffman family.
###chapter768
“Welcome, Ms. Zoe!” 
“Welcome, Mrs. Hoffman!” 
“Welcome, Chairman Hoffman!” 
The doors of three cars opened at the same time. Zoe got off with her mother first. 
“Grandpa!” 
Logan Hoffman wore a luxurious black suit and held his golden eagle- head cane as he stepped down 
from the car with a cold face under Zoe’s assistance. 
“Father, take it slow.” Claire quickly came over. 
Logan stared at the Salvador family manor’s door coldly and took a deep breath. “When you came to 
discuss the marriage last time, that brat from the Salvador family didn’t even show his face, right?” 
Claire bit her lip and nodded shamefully. “Yes.” 
“Why are you so useless?” 
Zoe pouted, seemingly expressing her dissatisfaction as well. 
“Father, you’ve heard about Justin Salvador’s personality. Even 
Chairman Salvador could not force him to do something he was unwilling to do. Shannon is his 
stepmother and can’t influence him at all.” Claire explained with a trembling heart. 
Since her husband passed away, Ryan has been their family’s sole support.
If Ryan was not present, Logan would never take Claire seriously. 
“You are Zoe’s mother. Your daughter was bullied, yet you could not do anything other than be angry 
and helpless.” 
Logan was furious and tapped his cane on the ground. “The Hoffman family is also an elite family in 
Savrow. Nobody dares to offend us. Now, because of a young brat, I need to intervene to settle 
matters. Is this what you mean when you say you guys will take care of me in my old age?” 
“Father, it’s all my fault. I was too useless.” Claire lowered her head and repeatedly admitted her 
mistake. 
“Grandpa, Mom tried her best. Don’t blame her.” Zoe held Logan’s arm and spoke up for her mother. 
“That brat, Justin, is too arrogant! He looks down on us!” 
Anger burned in Logan’s eyes. “His recent actions show that he doesn’t take the Hoffman family 
seriously at all. He’d better com his senses and marry Zoe. Otherwise, the Hoffman Group will be 
Salvador Corporation’s nemesis!” 
It was rowdy in a nightclub’s private room, with debauchery in the air. 
Bethany was partying with a group of friends. The crowd chanted and roared while Bethany laughed 
madly and moved her body to the music. 
After an exciting and promiscuous game, Bethany grabbed a bottle of beer and collapsed on the sofa. 
She downed the beer while laughing uncontrollably. 
“Ms. Bethany? Ms. Bethany?”
At this time, her assistant walked to her and got down on one knee. ” There’s a situation at Tideview 
Manor.” 
“What is it?” Bethany asked lazily. 
“The Hoffmans came. I suppose they came to propose marriage.” 
“Tsk, what situation is this? Didn’t Zoe’s widowed mother come a few days ago? They didn’t even get to 
meet Justin before they were sent away. How embarrassing.” 
“It’s not the same this time. Chairman Hoffman came as well!” 
Bethany’s eyes flipped open, and she sat up immediately. “Who?” 
“Chairman Logan Hoffman! I heard they made a big scene, probably to demand an explanation for 
Justin’s behavior.” 
“Hahaha! This is interesting!” 
Bethany patted the sofa, her eyes gleaming with excitement. “Prep my car! Let’s go home and watch 
the show!”
###chapter769
Gregory and Shannon were home at the moment. 
Gregory sat on the sofa, reading the news on his phone with a solemn expression. 
Although he had hired a top-notch PR team to deal with the scandal regarding Justin and Zoe, the 
gossip and speculation online had never stopped. 
As the president of the Salvador Corporation, Justin did not show his face or publish a public statement 
to clarify the situation. It would only fuel more speculation, causing him to tarnish his image. 
Shannon sat at her dressing table, meticulously taking care of the hair she had invested over a million 
dollars annually to maintain. 
In the past, she offered up her own body to Gregory to seduce him. 
“Greg, come here.” Shannon turned around and hooked her fing at Gregory. 
“What?” Gregory’s eyes did not leave his phone screen. 
“Just come, Greg. Touch my hair. I’ve always taken good care of it you.” 
Shannon’s voice was sweet and coy as she flirted. “Come and feel it. Is it the same as before?” 
“Shannon.” 
Gregory halted. He had been pondering if Celeste’s incident had something to do with Shannon for a 
long time, but he still did not ask the question in the end. 
He mentioned something else instead. “Ryan confessed to Carrie in front of me and Dad.”
“What? When did it happen!?” Shannon immediately stood up, unable to control her expression from 
being overjoyed. 
“Some time ago, when Justin was hospitalized, he brought Carrie to visit Justin.” 
“That’s wonderful news! Oh my!” 
Shannon was so happy that she clapped her hands. “What’s Dad’s attitude? He watched Ryan grow 
up, and our families are close to each other with similar backgrounds. He must agree to this marriage, 
right?” 
“You’ve always tried to match Bethany with Ryan and didn’t give Carrie a thought. Why did you 
suddenly change your mind now?” Gregory asked calmly. Shannon rolled her eyes. “Greg, you make it 
sound as if I don’t about Carrie. After all, she is also my daughter. How can I not w the best for her? 
Bethany’s personality doesn’t match Ryan’s. They are just not destined for each other. If Ryan likes 
Carrie, I’d definitely support this perfect match. As a mother, I want my daughter to marry well.” 
“Although Carrie and Ryan are dating, it hasn’t been made public yet. We can still turn back.” Gregory’s 
brows furrowed. “Once the relationship is public, things will not be so easy.” 
“Greg… What do you mean? Don’t you want Carrie to marry Ryan?” Shannon questioned him 
anxiously. 
“When Claire Hoffman came to discuss Justin’s marriage, she left without even seeing Justin’s face. 
Didn’t you see her expression as she left? It was full of resentment. Ryan is her only son. How could 
she accept Carrie as her daughter-in-law?” Gregory frowned, feeling frustrated. 
Shannon was stunned.
Thinking about how Claire’s face was red with anger, she thought that her daughter’s path to a wealthy 
and influential family was completely blocked. 
No. It was not over yet! 
That dumbass Ryan was willing to take Carrie off her hands, so she must do everything in her power to 
marry off Carrie! 
Shannon sighed with a worried expression and walked over to Gregory, massaging his shoulders as 
she said gently, “Greg, you seem to be in a bad mood these days. Are you troubled by this matter? 
There’s a way to resolve everything and solve all our problems.” 
“What is it?” 
“Let Justin marry Zoe. Everyone will be happy. If we take Zoe, Mrs. Hoffman will accept Carrie.” 
Shannon got excited as she spoke, her eyes shining with greed. 
“Don’t you know who Justin likes? He only has eyes for Bella. There’s no way he could tolerate any 
other woman.” 
Gregory’s brows furrowed as he felt more frustrated. “It’s been over 20 years. Don’t you understand his 
temper by now?” 
“Justin likes Bella, but does she reciprocate his feelings?”
###chapter770
Shannon sneered. “When Justin divorced Bella, he shattered her heart. Now, he’s entangled with Zoe. 
Bella has such a fierce character and doesn’t tolerate flaws. Do you think that she will still accept 
Justin? I doubt it.” 
Gregory looked solemn, but before he could speak, someone knocked on the door. The butler reported 
nervously, “Chairman Salvador, 
Madam Shannon, the Hoffmans are here.” 
“Tell them that I’m not here.” Gregory rubbed his temples and answered without thinking. 
“Chairman Salvador, the chairman of the Hoffman Group is here as well. Are you sure you don’t want 
to greet them?” Gregory’s heart sank. 
“Greg, look.” 
Shannon crossed her arms, curling her lips in a smile. “As long a Justin and Zoe’s marriage remains 
uncertain, our family will not a day of peace. We’ve even alarmed Chairman Hoffman. If this continues, 
it won’t end well.” 
Logan clasped his hands on top of his eagle-head cane and sat in the middle of the sofa with a 
commanding presence. He looked so intimidating that the servants present dared not breathe heavily. 
“Old Master Logan, why didn’t you inform me of your visit? I’d come out to welcome you.” 
Gregory smiled and walked over with Shannon.
In the living room, members of the Hoffman family stood behind Logan, looking unfriendly. The air felt 
dense. 
Gregory swept his gaze across the crowd, his expression unchanging. 
“Old Master Logan, you came with such a grand lineup. Are you unhappy because I didn’t greet you 
properly?” 
“I’m indeed unhappy, but I’m sure you’re aware of the reason behind it.” 
Logan said in a cold and forceful tone, “Your family is so arrogant. Your son didn’t even show himself 
when my daughter-in-law personally came to visit. Must I pay a visit for your son to show his face?” 
Zoe hid in Claire’s arms, sniffling softly. She had an aggrieved and pitiful expression. 
Gregory was about to speak when Shannon stepped in. “Justin an impolite child. He was away that 
day. If he had been here, he would certainly greet you.” 
“I’m asking your husband, not you.” Logan did not spare Shannon glance, radiating disdain for her from 
head to toe. 
Shannon was humiliated, and her face reddened. 
However, Logan was a man who stood equal to Nigel in Savrow, both legends in the corporate world. 
How could she afford to provoke him? 
Claire curled her lips, secretly feeling pleased. 
Shannon was merely a low-born bitch who had no money or influence. She had already lucked out to 
be able to seduce a man like Gregory, who was in a completely different tax bracket. However, she still 
did not know her place.
Claire thought, ‘Shannon has a troublemaker and a retard for daughters, yet she still harbors delusions 
of climbing the social hierarchy by seducing my precious son! Such wishful thinking!’ 
“Chairman Salvador, you said Justin was not around last time to brush us off. Now that I’m here, I won’t 
leave without seeing him.” 
Logan waved to Zoe, and Zoe ran into his arms while crying. “Your son bullied my daughter. Is he 
planning to hide like a loser and refuse to take responsibility?” A loser?! 
Although Gregory did not dote on Justin, Justin was still his flesh and blood. Insulting Justin was akin to 
insulting him! 
“I’m not hiding. There should be no other person clearer about th situation than Zoe.” 
A cold and calm voice spoke. 
The crowd was stunned and looked up.
###chapter771
On the white marble spiral staircase, Justin stood with his hand in his pockets, the designer suit 
outlining his lean and elegant figure as he descended the stairs with graceful steps. 
Zoe stared at Justin. His handsome face, which radiated superiority, made her gape in awe. She even 
forgot to cry momentarily. 
This man was indeed every woman’s dream husband. 
She was right to cling to him, even if she had to throw away her shame and dignity. 
She must obtain this man, no matter what! 
“Justin, what do you mean? You assaulted my granddaughter, but now you’re saying it’s her fault?” 
Logan narrowed his eyes as he asked coldly. 
Justin curled his lips mockingly. “Why repeat this and embarras granddaughter?” 
The crowd was stunned. What did Justin mean by that? Could be more to that night’s incident? 
Zoe’s face turned pale. She hid in Logan’s arms and bit her lips, no daring to speak. 
“You…!” 
Logan was not young anymore. The anger got to him, and his face turned red as he almost could not 
catch his breath. 
‘Justin! What nonsense are you spouting? Don’t act recklessly in front of your elders!” 
“Reckless?”
Justin chuckled, but his gaze was exceptionally sharp. “I’m only stating the facts. Zoe, are you willing to 
swear on your life that you weren’t at fault for this?” 
A chill ran down Zoe’s spine, and her heart thumped madly. 
“Will you swear that you are innocent and knew nothing about the incident that happened at the hotel?” 
Justin’s gaze was as cold as the abyss, staring at her like a police officer scrutinizing a criminal. 
“I…” 
Zoe put on an innocent and naive act. “Justin, why would you say so? Swear on what? That night… 
Didn’t you ask me to meet at the hotel?” 
Justin’s pupils shrank. 
He thought Zoe would argue, but he did not expect her to fabri story. 
“We agreed to meet in Room 2051. I reached first, but you didn’t sh up for a long time, so I wanted to 
take a shower while waiting for yo 
“I didn’t expect you to arrive as soon as I finished showering. Isn’t this what happened that night?” 
Teardrops hung on Zoe’s eyelashes. Her eyes were red and swollen, as if what she said was true. 
“Justin, I didn’t know why you’re unwilling to admit everything. But no matter what you say, I won’t 
blame you. If you want me to swear, then I will!” 
Zoe gritted her teeth as she raised three fingers. “I, Zoe Hoffman, swear to God that I did not say a 
single word of falsehood. Otherwise, I’ll die a miserable death!” 
Swear? How ridiculous.
Does God really exist? 
Zoe did not believe in God or karma. She only knew that she must obtain whatever she wanted, no 
matter how dirty the means.
###chapter772
In that instant, Justin felt that the situation was ridiculous. 
He thought that even though Zoe had gone down the wrong path, she would still admit her fault when 
confronted. He thought she would still have a trace of her childhood innocence. After all, she was his 
best friend’s only sister. 
But it turned out he had overestimated Zoe’s character. 
She was only related to Ryan by blood, but she was nothing like Ryan in other aspects. 
Zoe was corrupted. Perhaps she had been this way since the start, but Justin had a natural filter for her 
because she was Ryan’s sister. 
Since that was the case, there was no need for him to show mercy for the sake of his best friend. 
“Zoe! What are you saying? Dying a miserable death? If anythin happened to you, how could I live on?” 
Claire took out a handke and wiped her tears. 
“Zoe is my only granddaughter and the apple of my eye! We raised in luxury, and she has never 
suffered. She was willing to curse herse to prove her innocence because of you. This just proves that 
she’s speaking the truth!” 
Logan patted Zoe’s head while glaring at Justin. “Although Zoe is a little spoiled, she has never lied 
before! Is Nigel’s grandson a coward who does not dare admit his doings?” 
Justin narrowed his eyes. His fingers tightened into a grip, suppressing his burning anger. 
“Chairman Hoffman, your words are a little too harsh!”
In front of so many people, Gregory could not tolerate someone else insulting his son and even 
involving his father. He had to maintain his pride. “Focus on the matter at hand! Just tell me what you 
want. Both of our families are famous in Savrow. It’s already unsightly for you to cause a stir at my 
house tonight. Do you really want to make an enemy out of the Salvador family?” 
Zoe’s eyes shone with a vicious light. 
She dragged her grandfather along this time to use his influence to force Justin to marry her. 
She did not want to have a fallout with the Salvador family. That would be a worse situation for her! 
“Chairman Salvador, I only have two reasonable requests.” 
Logan’s expression darkened. “First, I want your son to apolog Zoe! He was the reason Zoe got 
surrounded by reporters that almost ruining her reputation! I wanted you to hold a press conference, 
but you are right about how our families are both influential and prominent. If it becomes a big deal, 
your image will b tarnished. So, I’ll make do with a private apology from your son, and I won’t pursue 
the matter further.” 
The servants surrounding them could not bear to continue listening. All of them looked indignant. ‘How 
dare this old geezer dare to bully our young master! We should let the dogs out on this old geezer!’ 
“Mr. Hoffman! What mistake did our young master make? Why should he apologize to Ms. Zoe? Aren’t 
you overstepping your boundaries?” 
The crowd turned around, surprised to see Wilma walk out angrily, standing up for Justin. 
Shannon hid behind Gregory. She was first stunned and then let out a sinister smile.
She had long disliked Wilma, that troublesome woman. Wilma had Justin’s support over the years and 
did not even respect her. 
Now that Wilma stood up for this bastard, there would be a good show! 
“Wilma, go back.” Justin was stunned and urged her in a low voice. 
“Young Master, I can’t stand to see them bully you!” Wilma’s eyes were teary. 
She had been watching from the stairs for a long while, holding herself back. When she heard Logan 
forcing Justin to apolo 
Zoe, she could not take it anymore. 
“Chairman Salvador, Mrs. Salvador, how can a servant come out speak so arrogantly? Where are her 
manners?” Claire sarcastica looked at Wilma.
###chapter773
“Mrs. Hoffman, you may not be aware of the situation in our family. Though Wilma is a maid, she has a 
high position in our house.” 
Shannon started to mock Wilma again. “She doesn’t even respect us, the masters of the house, not to 
mention a few guests.” 
“Aunt Shannon, you should know why Wilma holds a high position.” 
Justin walked to Wilma and shielded her behind him. His cold and icy gaze shot toward Shannon like a 
knife, causing her to tremble in fear. “After my mother passed away, Wilma stayed by my side and took 
care of me, treating me like her son. She is my family and has accompanied me since childhood. In my 
heart, she is as important as my mother.” 
“Young Master…” Wilma was so touched that tears welled up in the corner of her eyes. 
“I’ve also said that Wilma’s only job in this house is to take She’s not your maid. Isn’t it normal for her 
not to treat yo respect, Aunt Shannon?” 
The crowd snickered. 
After all, in the Salvador family, Wilma was much more liked by the servants. 
“You!” Shannon gritted her teeth in resentment, but any further comeback would make her look 
disgraceful. 
“Besides the apology, I have another request.”
Logan ignored the fight between the women and continued coldly, ” Chairman Salvador, given the 
current situation, there’s only one way to resolve this properly. We should enter a marriage alliance and 
let Justin marry Zoe.” 
Everyone was shocked! 
“You want me to marry Zoe?” 
Justin laughed, but his eyes were cold. “Mr. Hoffman, what kind of person do you think I am? Do you 
think I’d take any woman to be my wife? Do you think any woman deserves it? I don’t indulge in worldly 
pleasures, but that doesn’t mean I’m not picky.” 
His words stunned everyone! 
Justin did not mention Zoe’s name, but every word seemed to strike at her heart! 
Zoe’s lips trembled. She was so mad that her face turned ashen. 
“Justin, mind your words!” Gregory was displeased with Hoff coercion, but he did not want things to get 
ugly. 
“Justin Salvador! How dare you!” 
Logan grabbed his eagle-headed cane and slammed it on the floo He was furious and roared, “Do you 
think that my granddaughter is not good enough for you? You even dared to humiliate Zoe. You…” 
“As long as I’m alive, I will only have one wife.” 
Just as Justin’s voice fell, the butler rushed over. “Chairman, Young 
Master Justin, Ms. Bella Thompson is here!”
The crisp sound of high heels echoed in the hall. 
Justin’s breath hitched as he looked at the graceful figure walking toward them, his gaze burning with 
passion as he stared at Bella. 
Zoe watched as Justin was completely enchanted by Bella. She was mad with jealousy, but there was 
nothing she could do. 
That man’s heart and eyes belonged to Bella. There was no space for any other woman. 
If not for that person who provided her with a plan and her boldness, Zoe might not even have the 
chance to be in the same room as Justin. 
“Oh! Young Madam!” Wilma called out delightfully. 
“Young Madam! It really is the Young Madam!” 
The servants did not dare to speak loudly, but they cast delighted and hopeful glances toward Bella.
###chapter774
At this point, everyone knew that Justin’s heart belonged to someone else-his ex-wife. 
Why did Bella suddenly appear now? 
Did she hear that the Hoffmans were coming to force Justin’s hand in marriage, so she came to save 
him? 
Bella wore a black bodycon dress and a black velvet designer suit jacket. Her shiny hair swayed to her 
waist, and her red lips were vibrant, making her look bold and beautiful. 
Bella looked effortlessly beautiful and astonishing. 
One confident glance from Bella was enough to completely crush 
Zoe’s self-esteem. 
Seeing Bella’s sudden appearance, Claire immediately patted her chest to calm her nervous heart. 
Claire had heart problems. When she thought about Bella’s deeds, Claire felt that it would be tough to 
deal with her. She not bear the stress. 
“Grandpa! She is the woman I mentioned to you! Bella!” 
Zoe anxiously muttered in Logan’s ear, “She always bullies me. Grandpa, you have to stand up for me!” 
Logan gloomily stared at Bella’s beautiful face, feeling a little complicated. 
Although it was the first time Logan met Bella, her father, Wyatt, was his old acquaintance!
They could not be considered friends, but Wyatt’s character was among the best in the elite society 
and was an influential figure. Logan could offend Gregory, but he did not want to offend Wyatt’s 
daughter. 
“Chairman Salvador, good evening. Sorry for my unannounced arrival. Oh, Chairman Hoffman, you’re 
here too.” 
Bella smiled and humbly bowed to Logan. “Greetings, Chairman Hoffman.” 
She was elegant and knowledgeable, as expected of Wyatt’s daughter! 
Zoe anxiously urged, “Grandpa! Why aren’t you saying anything? She’s my bully and my love rival! She 
wants to snatch Justin away from me!” 
Logan pursed his lips. He could not help his granddaughter. 
He was a mighty figure who fought his way to the top in his years. How could he argue with a young girl 
like Bella? He w his dignity! 
Justin’s gaze was passionate as he stared at Bella’s stunning b 
His reason told him that he should be angry with her for hurting deeply, but his heart and body were 
burning with desire. The ragin hormones told him that he still longed for her. 
“Ms. Bella, it’s late. Why are you here?” Gregory smiled faintly, still maintaining a detached attitude 
toward his former daughter-in-law. 
“Yeah. Ms. Bella, as you’ve said, your sudden visit seemed quite presumptuous.” 
Shannon smiled mockingly, ready to watch the show. “Didn’t you see that we have distinguished 
guests? We are talking about important matters, and it’s unsuitable for outsiders to be here. If we have
good news, we will inform you.” 
Her words were threatening, holding a deeper meaning. 
Justin’s face darkened. He was about to speak when Bella chuckled.” Mrs. Salvador, you’ve got it 
wrong. I’m not interested in the conversation between your families at all. I came for you.” 
The crowd was taken aback and looked at each other. 
Shannon was stunned, frowning. “Me? Why?” 
“Do you want to talk about it alone, or should I discuss it openly here?” Bella smiled, her eyes shining 
with a cold light.
###chapter775
The hall fell silent. Bella’s commanding presence only made everyone feel as if they were in an icy 
cave. 
Her intimidating look was not inferior to Logan, who straddled both sides of the law! 
Shannon wanted to watch the show with a smile, thinking that Bella had come because she heard 
about the Hoffmans trying to force Justin into marriage and wanted to snatch Justin from Zoe. 
She thought she could enjoy the show, but Bella’s unexpected intentions disrupted her plans entirely. 
“Ms. Bella, you’re looking for me? I don’t have anything to do with you. Why are you looking for me?” 
Shannon looked surprised and chuckled dryly. 
“Whatever ties we had ended the day I divorced Justin.” 
Bella’s tone was nonchalant, revealing nothing about her en But your entanglement with one of your 
old acquaintances from over.” 
Her casual words were like a bomb that took the crowd by surp 
“Zoe! What is Ms. Bella saying? What’s going on?” Logan stared Zoe unbelievably. 
“Grandpa… I told you before. Have you forgotten?” Zoe reminded him timidly. 
“Told me? When did you tell me? I am old, but I’m not senile! You’ve never mentioned that Justin had 
been divorced once. 
Logan had been recuperating overseas for the past year, leaving the business to Ryan and his second 
son, Liam. He was unaware that Justin was married and divorced, and that his ex-wife was Wyatt’s
daughter. 
He felt deceived! 
“Mr. Hoffman, so what if our Young Master was divorced once?!” 
Wilma could not endure it anymore. She retorted, “Our Young Master is an outstanding man. Even if he 
was divorced eight times, he would still have a long line of women willing to marry him! Also, didn’t your 
granddaughter propose marriage to our Young Master? She didn’t mind at all. Why are you making a 
fuss?” 
“Old hag, who gave you the right to speak here?” Logan scolded Wilma in anger and embarrassment. 
“This is the Salvador family’s manor, not the Hoffmans’. I ca whatever I want. Who do you think you 
are?” Wilma snorted ar turned around, ignoring Logan. 
“You!” 
Logan’s face reddened in anger, but quarreling with a servant fro another family was truly an act 
beneath him. 
Gregory had been holding back the whole night. Now that Wilma stood up against Logan, he could 
finally release some pent-up frustration. 
Although he did not like Justin much, he was still his flesh and blood. He could scold and beat Justin, 
but not anyone else! 
Justin’s breath hitched, and his heart thumped. He strode toward 
Bella and lowered his voice. “Bella, you can tell me. I’ll help you.” 
“Why? Are you afraid that I’m interrupting your discussion?”
Bella’s dark eyelashes fluttered as she cast an icy glance at Justin, whispering in a voice only they 
could hear, “Rest assured. I won’t disrupt your family meeting. I’m only here for Shannon, and I will 
leave after that.” 
“I’ve said that I will help you if you face any difficulties.” Justin’s brows furrowed, complicated emotions 
surging within his eyes. 
“You can’t resolve it, and I don’t need you to.” 
Bella avoided his intense gaze and turned to look at Shannon, her face expressionless. 
“Ms. Bella, since you’ve come all this way, I don’t mind treatin a cup of coffee. But I have nothing to say 
to you.” 
Shannon slightly raised her chin, lifting her eyebrows_in arrogal 
As for whatever old acquaintances. I don’t understand what you talking about.” 
“Do you also have nothing to say about Celeste?” Bella’s gaze was as cold as ice, her tone bone- 
chilling. 
Upon hearing this, Shannon’s heart skipped a beat, and her shoulders trembled involuntarily.
###chapter776
Why did Bella want to talk about Celeste? Could she have discovered something? Did that man betray her? 
Impossible… It’s impossible! 
This bratty girl was setting her up! 
“Ms. Thompson, let’s talk about it another day, or perhaps you can 
come over tomorrow.” 
Gregory noticed the tension between Bella and Shannon, so he stood. out, trying to send Bella away first. “As you can see, we have guests here, and it’s not very convenient for us.” 
Bella’s smiling face immediately turned cold. She was about to speak when Justin grabbed her thin wrist and dragged her up the stairs with everyone watching. He did not give her a chance to resist! 
“What are you doing? Justin! Let me go!” Bella blushed, trying her best 
to break free, but to no avail. 
Once this man had set his mind on something, there was no stopping 
him! 
“Oh!” Wilma covered her mouth as her eyes shone with excitement. 
Wilma thought, ‘Young Master is so dominant, and Young Madam looks so shy!’ 
“Justin! Where are you going? Come back!”
No matter how Gregory shouted, Justin did not glance back and 
quickly disappeared from the hall with Bella. 
The Hoffmans were left hanging. With the male lead gone, the well- prepared stage seemed to have lost its direction, making the scene. 
awkward. 
Zoe, especially, had eyes red from hatred. Her expression was twisted with jealousy. 
She thought, ‘As long as that bitch appears, she immediately becomes the spotlight, no matter where or who is around!’ 
Zoe suddenly understood something at this moment. 
Her hatred for Bella was not entirely because Bella was her love rival. 
Zoe resented Bella because she was jealous of the latter’s brilliance and pride. 
Zoe thought that there could only be one person who stood out in this world, and that was herself. She could not accept being overshadowed by someone else shining brighter than her! 
“Dad! Mom! I’m back!” 
Bethany rushed in, panting heavily. 
To greet the guests, she had changed into some decent new clothes, but she still looked haggard with dark circles under her eyes. She reeked of alcohol, and her face was pale with lipstick that was too red for her. She looked terrifying.
Seeing her daughter’s ghostly state, Shannon felt so embarrassed that she wanted to press Bethany’s head into a toilet bowl to flush her makeup away. 
“Bethany, where did you go? Why do you smell like alcohol?” Gregory 
scrutinized her and frowned. 
“Oh… I was meeting with my friends, so we drank a little.” Bethany could not suppress herself and burped loudly. 
“Quick, take Ms. Bethany to her room to rest!” Shannon hurriedly 
ordered. 
“Oh, Zoe!” 
Taking advantage of her drunken state, Bethany ran to Zoe and giggled. “Congratulations! You’re about to marry my brother and become my sister-in-law! After scheming for so long, you’ve finally gotten Rosalind out of the picture and chased Bella away. You’ve finally gotten what you wanted! Haha!” 
Logan frowned deeply. 
Claire’s and Zoe’s faces stiffened. Their composure was about to 
shatter. 
“Bethany, what do you mean? Are you mocking me or just drunk?” 
Zoe was full of anger. After being provoked by Bethany, she blurted out, “I know what you’re thinking. You hold a grudge against me because you wanted to marry my brother and asked me for help, but I
refused.”.
###chapter777
Logan’s expression changed as he listened to Zoe’s words, glancing at Bethany with disdain. 
It was fortunate that his grandson had taste in women and did not fancy this impudent and indecent woman in front of him. Otherwise, it would have been an unlucky incident for their family. 
“You!” 
Bethany’s eyes widened in anger. Zoe sneered, “Even if you’re unwilling, there’s nothing you can do. My brother just doesn’t like you.” 
“Pfft… Hahaha!” Bethany patted her chest and smiled in anger. instead. “We’re the same. My brother doesn’t like you either, right?” 
“You!” This time, it was Bethany’s turn to be mad. 
“When I came home, I saw Bella’s limited edition Bugatti Veyron 
parked at the entrance. It seems she has arrived.” 
Bethany crossed her arms and yawned. “I didn’t see my brother here. 
Did he go away with Bella and leave you behind?” 
“Bethany!” Zoe’s eyes were bloodshot, and she wanted to pounce on 
Bethany and tear her mouth apart. 
“Oh, Zoe. That’s just how my brother is. You’ll get used to it after you 
marry him.”
Bethany got more excited as she spoke. “When he was married to Bella, he kept thinking about Rosalind. That means after you marry 
into our family, he won’t let go of Bella. Men are all like that. They 
have a good wife at home, but their hearts still long for another woman. Bella spent three years adapting little by little. Since you like my brother so much, perhaps you’ll get used to it faster than Bella.” 
The crowd was stunned, and their mouths hung open. 
The two ladies were quarreling for real. 
If not for the elders present, Zoe would have attacked Bethany. 
“Bethany! Are you so drunk? What nonsense are you spouting?” 
Shannon’s blood pressure rose as she yelled with embarrassment,” Bring Ms. Bethany away now!” 
“Justin! Let go! Let go of me!” 
Justin walked ahead of her while Bella struggled to follow. Her wrists were held painfully tight. 
He seemed furious, or rather, he had been suppressing his anger for a long time. Now, he finally found a chance to vent at her! 
“Where are you bringing me?” Bella asked angrily. 
“You were my wife, and you lived here for three years. You are more familiar with every room in this house than I am. Where do you think I’m bringing you?” Justin did not look back as he forced each word out.
“Justin, you think too highly of yourself. Do you think you know me well?” 
Ghop777 
Bella suddenly raised her wrist and bit hard at Justin’s wrist that was 
holding her. 
“Tsk!” 
Justin felt a sting and subconsciously released her hand. 
Bella quickly retreated a few steps and rubbed her reddened wrists. She glared at him with hatred. “I’ve never treated this place as my home. There was not a day that I felt a sense of belonging here. It 
has always been a cage to me!” 
However, this cage did not trap her body, but her heart. 
Justin’s heart ached. Although he was mad at her, his heart still felt 
excruciating pain. 
He narrowed his eyes and suddenly strode toward Bella. Taking 
advantage of her daze, he wrapped his arms around her from behind, 
grabbing her soft waist. 
“Ah!” 
Bella yelped. The next second, he swept her off her feet, and she reflexively clutched his shirt.
###chapter778
“Justin, you jerk! Don’t touch me! Put me down!” 
Bella immediately blushed. She wiggled around and kicked her legs in 
a struggle. 
Her hands, clutching Justin’s shirt, turned into fists that kept 
punching his muscular chest. Although her hands were sore from the pounding, it was no different than a massage for Justin. He even enjoyed it! 
“You wouldn’t listen to me, so I had no choice but to carry you up.” 
Justin lowered his gaze. He looked aloof, but his gaze concealed an 
intense affection for her. 
He could not control it. 
If he could, would it still be love? 
“Why should I listen to you? Who do you think you are? I won’t! I just won’t!” Bella was so embarrassed that she blushed and struggled 
harder. 
“If you don’t behave, I’ll kiss you.” Justin’s Adam apple bobbed as his 
eyes narrowed.
“You bastard!” Bella shivered and bit her lower lip in panic. 
Justin curled his lips and suddenly let go of her. 
“Ah!” 
Bella’s eyes fluttered shut, and she broke into a thin layer of sweat, her arms immediately wrapping around Justin’s neck. 
Justin’s expression was still cold, but his dark eyes had a hint of 
softness. 
Justin carried Bella up the stairs, leaving the group of people behind. 
The Hoffman family was at a loss for what to do, but since they were already there, they had to settle the marriage. Otherwise, it would hurt their pride. 
“Father, what should we do now?” 
Claire whispered into Logan’s ear with concern, “Look at Justin’s 
attitude. It’s obvious that he doesn’t want to marry Zoe. He doesn’t 
even want to talk to us.” 
“Grandpa, are you going to stand by and watch me get bullied? I’m 
your granddaughter!” Zoe sobbed uncontrollably, looking pitiful. 
After all, Logan was an experienced and powerful figure with a calm attitude. If it were any other ordinary man, they would have started to cuss the Salvador family out with vulgar words.
However, Logan could not take the disrespect. 
“Chairman Salvador, is this how you’re going to handle this matter? My granddaughter’s reputation was ruined by your son, yet he’s still bickering with his ex-wife in front of us. Do you think we’re easy to mess with?” 
Chap 
In a fit of anger, Logan grabbed a coffee cup on the table and 
smashed it. 
The bodyguards from the Hoffman family immediately surrounded them, as if they had gotten the signal. Shannon’s face turned pale from fright, and she hid behind Gregory. 
In Savrow, everyone knew that the Hoffmans started off in the mafia. 
The current situation seemed like they were about to fight with the 
Salvadors. 
“Chairman Hoffman, what are you doing?” Gregory was infuriated as well. “Do you think you can step on our heads like this?” 
“Hmph, don’t worry. We live in a lawful society, and I’m tired of the violent days.” 
Logan’s eyes were gloomy. “I just want to tell you that Justin’s 
behavior has made me very mad tonight. When I get angry, nobody 
can predict what will happen next!”
Gregory clenched his fists. He almost could not control his anger. Logan’s words were an outright threat!
###chapter779
The Hoffman family was one of the top ten conglomerates in the country, and they had businesses all over the continent. 
Although they were not as prominent as the Thompson family, not ranking among the highest, they had always maintained a neutral stance. If the Hoffmans decided to work with the Salvadors’ nemesis, the Iverson family, it would be troublesome for the Salvadors. 
“Grandpa, I only went away for a few days, and you’ve eagerly come. to find trouble with Uncle Greg’s family.” 
The imposing sound of leather shoes against the marble floor rang throughout the hall. 
To everyone’s surprise, Ryan walked in, his face devilishly handsome. 
Shannon’s eyes immediately lit up upon seeing him. This man was 
her future son-in-law! 
Just thinking about how the heir of the Hoffman Group would 
become her son-in-law made her happier than ever. Those noble 
ladies who looked down and neglected her would now have to fawn 
over her! 
“Mr. Ryan!” The bodyguards bowed in unison. 
“Ryan, why did you come here?” Logan’s expression sank.
“What else? I came to find Justin.” 
Ryan’s cold gaze swept across the Hoffmans, and the bodyguards 
were frightened into silence, all lowering their heads. “It’s a good thing I came. Otherwise, I would’ve missed this great show.” 
Actually, he got the news from his girlfriend, Carrie. 
He was discussing a business project outside while Carrie watched a movie with Yasmin at home. She received a call from Linny, saying that Justin was in trouble. The Hoffmans came to force him into a 
marriage, making a fuss. 
She was worried about her brother, so she contacted Ryan to help 
Justin. 
Ryan never rejected a request from Carrie, not to mention that Justin was his best friend. He abandoned the business meeting and sped 
over. 
“Great. Then ask your good friend to come down now!” Logan’s face 
was twisted with anger. 
“I can’t do that.” 
Ryan also saw Bella’s car and knew she must be with Justin at the
moment. He smiled in relief and said, “He is enjoying his time with. Bella. Why must I interrupt them and be the third wheel? I’m not doing. 
such an annoying thing.” 
Zoe was so mad that she trembled all over, viciously glaring at her 
own brother.. 
When Ryan met her eyes, he felt a sting in his heart, feeling painful 
and bitter. 
Zoe was his sister, whom he had carried in his arms since she was a 
baby. He had helped raise her. The way she stared coldly at him now 
Chap 
was like looking at her mortal enemy. 
That innocent and pure girl, who used to cling to him, begging him to buy her dolls and ice cream, seemed to be gone. 
“Enjoying their time together?!” 
Claire could not take it anymore. She asked anxiously, “Didn’t Bella divorce Justin a long time ago? How is that possible?” 
“Nothing is impossible in matters of the heart.”
Ryan’s gaze hardened as he said, “Grandpa, in terms of family. background, talent, and appearance, Bella is better than Zoe in every 
aspect.” 
Logan choked, not knowing what to retort. 
If he had not seen Bella before, he could still try to argue. 
But thinking about the woman with indescribable elegance and unparalleled beauty, Logan could not bring himself to think that his granddaughter was better than Bella, 
“Are you sure you want Zoe to compete with Bella for a man? Disregarding whether this will offend the Thompsons, I reckon Justin won’t even spare Zoe a glance with a top-tier beauty like Bella in front of him.” Ryan sat naturally on the sofa, making himself at home. 
“Ryan, you are Zoe’s brother. How can you say that about your sister?” 
Claire was infuriated. “If Justin is not interested in Zoe, why did that night happen? Could someone have pointed a gun at his head to force him to meet Zoe?” 
“Although no one pointed a gun at him, someone was feeding Zoe 
with ideas behind the scenes, coming up with a seamless plan to 
trick Justin into meeting her at the hotel.” Ryan crossed his legs 
looking at Zoe with a chilling gaze. 
The crowd was stunned.
###chapter780
Was Zoe manipulated by someone to do so? Could there be more 
the incident? 
“Mr. Hoffman, is that true?!” 
Wilma patted her thigh indignantly and huffed. “I knew it! Our young master isn’t a lewd man. I watched him grow up. I don’t believe he’s a man who can’t control his desires and would lose his mind when he sees a woman! If he is, our young madam wouldn’t love him so much! There must be something fishy going on!” 
Claire shouted, “What do you mean? Are you saying that my daughter has no modesty and used dirty tricks to seduce Justin?” 
“I didn’t say that. It was all your words.” Wilma rolled her eyes and 
stuck her tongue out. 
Wilma had lived so many years without getting married or having 
children. Her only weakness was Justin, and she was not afraid of 
anyone else. 
“You! You old bitch!” 
Claire clutched her hurting chest and glared at Shannon. “Mrs. 
Salvador! Are all your household staff so rude as to speak to guests
like this? Shouldn’t you take any action?!” 
“Oh, Mrs. Hoffman, you’ve seen how important Wilma is to Justin.. 
She even has a higher position than us. How would I dare to scold 
her?” Shannon acted as if she were helpless, but she found joy in watching Claire get humiliated. 
(CHILY (7) 
“Ryan! You don’t have evidence. How could you blame it on me?” Zoe trembled, appearing as if she were crying, but it was actually from 
anger. 
“Who says I don’t?” 
Ryan narrowed his eyes. “I didn’t want to reveal what I found here because it would look ugly. But you dragged Grandpa into this. I can’t 
accept it.” 
Zoe’s heart skipped a beat. 
The crowd also perked up their ears, listening attentively. 
“I checked your call records before and after that day, even the call records for this month. If you were secretly dating Justin, how could you not make a single call to him? You didn’t even call him on the day of your so-called hotel date. Are you communicating telepathically?” 
Zoe blushed. “I…”
“There’s more.” 
Ryan took out his phone as he spoke, his voice turning cold. “I took 
the driving recorder from your car and found this audio on the storage 
card. It was recorded the day you waited for Justin at the hotel.” 
He pressed the play button, and Zoe’s smug voice rang out clearly. 
“I’ve made the arrangements according to your instructions. I will be 
waiting in the room you booked when the time comes. Justin will 
come to find me, right? Thank you for helping me. I will remember 
your favor and will definitely repay you in the future!” 
The crow 
was stunned. 
Was it all a setup by Zoe? 
Did someone pull strings behind the scenes, leading to their sec meeting in the hotel? Was it a trap? 
However, who was the mastermind hiding behind Zoe and helping her 
set up this scheme? 
After Gregory listened to it, his expression darkened.
“Zoe, what is this? Who were you talking to on the phone?” Claire 
asked shockingly. 
“You edited it! This is not what happened!” 
Zoe’s face twisted in anger. She anxiously pointed at Ryan’s 
indifferent face and snarled, “Did Bella bribe you? Did she instruct you 
to edit this to slander me?!” 
Then she immediately put on an innocent act and sobbed into 
Logan’s arms. “Grandpa! How could Ryan do this to me? It’s too 
much!” 
Logan’s brows furrowed deeply as his gaze at Zoe became 
increasingly complex.
###chapter781
Bella didn’t expect Justin to bring her back to the room where sh lived in solitude for three years. 
“Uh-!” 
Justin originally intended to put Bella down gently on the bed, but she squirmed in his arms like a wild kitten. Somehow, she managed to squirm free, only to crash onto the bed. Luckily, Bella had never undergone any cosmetic surgery. Otherwise, she might have ended up with a disfigured nose. 
“It’s your fault for squirming around. I didn’t mean to drop you,” Justin said as he glanced down at her. He couldn’t help but chuckle at her 
awkward expression. 
“Bastard! You’re always making excuses for yourself!” Bella 
grumbled. She tried getting up, but Justin quickly grabbed her ankle. and pinned her down. 
“Let go of my feet! Are you a pervert?” Bella protested, her skirt riding up and exposing her legs. Their position made her feel incredibly embarrassed! 
Justin tightened his grip, his eyes wandering over Bella’s flushed face, red lips, neck, and down to her collarbones. He felt his breath quicken, 
and his heart raced. 
Suddenly, Justin felt a sharp pain in his head. He squeezed his eyes shut and pressed his temples firmly, hoping to ease the pain. 
-“Justin… It hurts. It hurts so much… Justin…”
Charter S 1 
–“Relax. It’ll gradually stop hurting.” 
“I’ll try to be gentle with you, I promise… 
Fragmented memories suddenly popped up in his mind. Memories o events he had never experienced before. But how was that possible? He had never touched a woman, not even once. 
Seeing Justin momentarily lost in thought, Bella reacted instinctively and kicked him in the stomach. 
“Get away from me!” 
In reality, Bella had barely used any force, and with Justin’s tall and muscular build, he should have been able to withstand the kick. Unexpectedly, he stumbled back a couple of steps, barely stopping himself from falling by holding onto the wall. 
Bella noticed his face growing pale, and sweat started to form on his 
forehead. 
She paused for a moment. As she started to speak, Justin cut in hoarsely. “What are you doing here looking for Shannon this time?” 
“It’s none of your business. You don’t need to worry about it,” Bella 
said, her gaze turning cold. 
Justin felt like Bella’s gaze pierced through him, as if he were a total stranger to her. Clenching his jaw, he said, “If you’re planning to seek revenge for Madam Celeste, I suggest you pick another time. Tonight isn’t the right time.”
“Why not?” Bella’s lips curled into a charming smile, her posture regal and confident. She sat with poise, radiating elegance like a queen. “Is 
it because Chairman Hoffman, Mrs. Hoffman, and your beloved Zoe are all here? Are you afraid I’ll ruin your plans?” 
Justin frowned and questioned, “What plans?” 
Bella spoke with a mischievous sparkle in her eyes. “Your 
engagement and wedding arrangements. You two are a match made in heaven!” 
“Bella! That’s enough!” Justin felt like she had stabbed him in the heart, anger blazing in his eyes. 
“Congratulations on your upcoming marriage, Mr. Salvador,” Bella continued, unfazed by his anger. Her smile widened as if she were sincerely wishing him well. 
“Ms. Hoffman is young and beautiful. Her family background is probably much better than Rosalind’s. Plus, being Ryan’s sister helps strengthen the bond further. Chairman Salvador will surely be thrilled to have her as his daughter-in-law. It’ll also boost your status in the 
company.”
###chapter782
Justin’s blood boiled with anger as he shot back, “Do you ho think I give a damn?” 
“Who cares whether you do or don’t? Just stay out of my business, and I’ll stay out of yours. I’m done 
here.” 
Bella just wanted to leave this room as quickly as possible, because being alone with Justin made her 
feel suffocated. She had only intended to stir up trouble for Shannon tonight, not get caught up in 
an argument with this jerk. 
She was a sensitive person, easily moved by memories. But when she 
looked back on their three years of marriage, there were only bitter 
memories. 
What’s worse? This room was where she lost her virginity to Justin. But even until now, he remained 
oblivious to their shared intimacy 
Some memories only brought pain, so Bella decided it was best to forget about them. 
Bella got up and walked past Justin, completely ignoring him. But as she brushed past him, Justin 
grabbed her shoulders and forcefully pressed her against the wall. 
“Ouch!” Bella winced from the intense pain in her back. 
Justin’s intense gaze felt suffocating, leaving Bella struggling to 
comprehend what was happening.
“Justin! Have you lost your mind?” 
“Have we had sex before?” Justin’s voice was hoarse, sending shivers down Bella’s spine. Her heart 
skipped a beat, and she froze in sh 
“Justin, what did you say?” 
“It’s nothing.” Justin shook his head forcefully, his throat feeling dry. 
Justin thought he was losing his mind. Why would he ask her such a provocative question? 
But then, what were those steamy memories flooding his mind? He can’t be hitting puberty again at 
thirty, right? 
“Leave me alone, Justin.” Bella’s heart raced as she pushed against his chest. Her cheeks were 
burning red. “You saved my life, and I don’t want to hate you. But if you keep bothering me, I won’t 
show 
you any mercy!” 
“Bella, do you despise me so much? Do you distrust me that much?” 
Justin’s voice carried a hint of bitterness. 
When love was unreciprocated, it festered with resentment. A once hopeful soul could turn resentful 
and gradually spiral into madness. 
“Justin, do you know how much I hate being in this room?” Bella raised her gaze, her eyes cold as they 
fixated on the luxurious crystal chandelier hanging from the ceiling. 
She had spent countless nights here alone, looking at the chandelier. A bitter laugh escaped her lips.
“Every time I return to this room, I’m reminded of those lonely nights, rejection, and heartache. 
Seriously, you should be with Zoe because you’re perfect to her. But to me, everything is shattered 
beyond repair. 
We can’t turn back time.” 
“I wish happiness for both of us in the future. But I hope we will ne cross paths again.” 
‘Never cross paths again? Well said, Bella.’ Justin felt as if he was suffocating, reluctantly releasing 
Bella’s hands that he had been 
holding. 
Anger surged through him, boiling his veins and seething in his chest. 
He had wanted to explain something, but it hit him. Bella didn’t want explanations or justifications. She 
didn’t care if he was truly innocent or not.
###chapter783
What Bella wanted most was for Justin to vanish from her life 
altogether. 
Although it wasn’t verified, the evidence that Ryan brought up carried 
considerable weight as circumstantial evidence. 
The situation suddenly became more complicated. 
Fortunately, only members of the Salvador and Hoffman families 
were present. 
If these allegations were made public, Zoe’s reputation would have been completely ruined. 
After all, as Zoe’s elder brother, Ryan couldn’t be so heartless. 
Since they couldn’t reach an agreement and Ryan was unwilling to budge, Logan had no choice but to 
leave and investigate further at 
home. 
Logan stood up, leaning on his cane for support, and said, “Ryan, Zoe! Both of you, come with me!” 
“Leaving already, Old Master Logan? Did you finalize your granddaughter’s marriage?” 
clear voice echoed through the room as Bella descended the stairs with a smile. She moved with such 
grace and confidence, almost as if
she owned this manor. 
Her presence seemed to even overshadow Shannon, who was the actual lady of the house. 
Shannon’s expression turned sour once more. 
“Well, I’m sure you must have plenty to catch up on with Mr. Salvador. We won’t disturb you any longer, 
Ms. Thompson,” Logan said, clearly displeased. Bella’s unexpected appearance had disrupted their 
plans. 
Bella said with a smile, “Oh, Mr. Logan, don’t get the wrong idea. I have nothing to talk about with Mr. 
Salvador. He was just throwing a fit. After all, he has never talked to me during our 3 years of marriage. 
Despite being married to him for 3 years, I never quite understood 
what was going on in his mind.” 
Hearing Bella openly admit her past identity as Justin’s ex-wife, 
Logan was stunned and speechless. 
Having just entered the room, Justin overheard her words, and his 
face darkened with frustration. ‘Damn it, why does it seem like I can 
never do anything right in her eyes?’ 
“Mrs. Salvador, shall we have a chat?” Bella’s tone was cold as she 
looked at Shannon. 
“Sorry, Ms. Thompson, it’s late and I need to rest. I don’t have time to
chat with you. Let’s discuss this another day.” Shannon was hesitant, 
as she was aware of Bella’s intentions. 
“You may not have time, but I do. I have plenty of free time.” Bella raised her eyebrows, smiling 
confidently as she approached everyone. “The night is young, and we can discuss our matters 
slowly. I’ll keep you company until dawn.” 
Shannon’s expression darkened, her attitude becoming firm. “I’m old and can’t keep up with you. 
Please leave!” 
Justin and Ryan both changed their expressions, their fists clenc When it came to Bella being 
mistreated, they were united in their stance. They could discuss anything, but seeing her bullied was 
absolutely unacceptable. 
“I wanted to talk with you privately. After all, family matters should stay within the family. But since 
you’re being unreasonable, don’t blame me if I speak my mind.” Bella’s smile faded, replaced with a 
chilling glare in her eyes. “At the last birthday banquet, when Aunt Celeste was attacked by the 
assailant and Mr. Salvador was seriously injured, you must have had something to do with it, right?” 
Everyone was stunned, their gaze involuntarily turning to Shannon. 
The Hoffmans, who were about to leave, paused at Bella’s words, 
attention piqued. 
“Ms. Thompson, you were once my daughter-in-law. I know you don’t like me, but do you have to be so 
cruel?” Shannon’s heart raced. Her palms were covered in sweat, but she forced herself to stay calm.
“Alright, alright… Then let me rephrase it.” Bella smiled again, but it was sinister. “The assailant who 
attempted to harm Aunt Celeste and ended up seriously injuring Mr. Salvador is someone you know. 
Isn’t that right, Mrs. Salvador?”
###chapter784
Shannon knew the assailant? 
The room was silent. Everyone, including Gregory and the Hoffmans, stared at Shannon in disbelief, 
stunned by the news. 
However, there was one person who remained as composed as Bella, and that was Justin. From the 
moment Bella began to suspect 
Shannon, Justin also harbored doubts about the latter. 
He had planned to investigate at the time, but he suffered a severe head injury and underwent life- 
threatening brain surgery. After that, the scandal between him and Zoe also caused chaos and 
interrupted 
his plans. 
Earlier, Justin had intervened when Bella wanted to confront Shannon 
alone. He pulled her upstairs, wanting to stop her from stirring 
trouble. If Shannon dared to attack Madam Celeste in public, she was 
certainly capable of hurting Bella too! 
He didn’t want to get Bella’s hands dirty. He wanted to help her seek justice, even if it meant that he 
had to do the dirty work. 
Justin had to admit that he was angry and frustrated at Bella’s lack of trust in him. But despite all that, 
he couldn’t deny that he loved her with all his heart. He was willing to go to the extremes for this love.
He no longer cared for the consequences and only craved for her to be the center of his universe. 
Gregory asked anxiously, “Shannon, is Ms. Thompson saying the truth? Do you know the assailant?” 
“Greg, are you seriously doubting me too? Ms. Thompson shows up out of nowhere and interrogates 
me. Are you going to join her to Shannon widened her eyes and clutched her chest. Her eyes were 
filled with sorrow and grievance. 
Her reaction seemed overly dramatic, as if straight out of a soap 
opera. 
Meanwhile, Bethany, who had just sobered up after a night of drinking in her room, stumbled out of the 
room. She had overheard every word her father had asked Shannon, and she was shocked. 
‘What’s happening? With a few questions from Bella, why is Dad suddenly suspicious of Mom?” 
In her memory, Gregory had always been protective of Shannon. Even when Shannon argued with 
Nigel, Gregory had always stood by her side, ready to defend her at all times. 
“Don’t overthink it. I didn’t mean to doubt you,” Gregory said, frowning 
and clenching his fist tightly. 
“Of course not! How could I possibly know someone like that?” Shannon’s temples glistened with 
sweat. She looked at Bella with resentment. “Bella, I know you hold a grudge against me, and we’ve 
had our disagreements before. But I’ve moved on! Now that your family is in trouble, you’re coming 
after me? I’m not some scapegoat for your family’s problems. Why should you come to me for 
answers? 
Do you think I’m an easy target?”
Bella smiled casually and said, “Mrs. Salvador, are you feeling guilty? I 
only asked if you knew him, nothing more. Why are you getting so 
defensive? Do you have something to hide?” 
Chipy 
“Bella!” Shannon’s eyes were almost popping out of anger. “I am showing you respect for the sake of 
Chairman Thompson, but d push it!” 
“What the hell?” Ryan’s eyes turned red with anger. If it weren’t for the elders present, he would have 
rushed up and slapped Shannon 
himself. 
“Shannon, if you truly consider yourself the matriarch of the Salvador family, you should watch the tone 
of your voice.” Justin chided, his 
fist clenched. 
Shannon thought, ‘This imbecile is just simping for Bella!’
###chapter785
Shannon thought, ‘I’m his stepmother. How dare he disrespe like this in front of everyone?!’ 
“Well, as the matriarch of the Salvador family, it’s my duty to properly educate the youngsters. Bella, 
this is Tideview Manor, not Yara Park!” Shannon glared fiercely at Bella. “I won’t tolerate you spreading 
baseless accusations and lies here!” 
Justin couldn’t stay silent any longer. His once calm eyes now burned with anger. But before he could 
speak, Bella interrupted him with a 
scornful smile. 
“You? The matriarch of the Salvador family? Would Grandpa Nigel 
even acknowledge you as that?” 
Everyone was shocked upon hearing that. To challenge Shannon so brazenly, Bella truly lived up to her 
reputation as the bold young 
heiress of KS Group! 
Bethany watched Shannon’s face flush with embarrassment before turning pale, unable to maintain her 
poise. It was like a blatant slap in 
Shannon’s face. 
She had considered stepping up to defend her mother, but she knew Ryan and Justin would 
unconditionally side with Bella. What troubled her most was her father, Gregory. His silence left her 
feeling
disheartened. Perhaps it was best to quietly observe the situation for 
now. 
“Do you honestly have the audacity to call yourself the matriarch of 
www 
the Salvador family here? You’re merely relying on Chairman Salvador’s favoritism toward you.” 
Bella continued, “As far as I know, whether it’s within the entire Salvador family or the elite circles of 
Savrow, no one truly acknowledges you as the true matriarch of the Salvador fam 
they?” 
Bella tilted her head slightly, her hands casually tucked in her pockets. Her bright and arrogant 
demeanor made her seem invincible. “The true matriarch of the Salvador family should be none other 
than Grant’s mother, Chairman Salvador’s first wife, right?” 
Once again, everyone was stunned. 
Shannon felt like she had been stabbed in the heart, yet before she could fully process the pain, Bella 
struck again. “Otherwise, it should 
be Justin’s mother, Mary, right?” 
‘Mary…” 
‘Mother…” 
Justin’s lips pursed together tightly as he stared at Shannon’s pale
face. His hands were clenched so tightly that his nails were digging. 
into his palm. His heart pounded heavily in his chest as he recalled 
the past. 
Back then, when Gregory brought Justin and his mother back to the Salvador family, his first wife, Isla 
Fowler, had recently passed away. It had barely been a year since her death. 
Isla was the heiress of the Fowler family, and during that period of time, the Fowler family thrived in 
Savrow, ranking as one of the most 
elite families. They shared a significant partnership with the Salvador Corporation across various 
business sectors. Consequently, the 
Salvador family couldn’t afford to sever ties with the Fowlers.
###chapter786
When Isla’s father and brothers learned of Gregory’s plans to another woman, especially one of lower 
status, with a five-year- son in tow, they were enraged. 
They withdrew investments worth billions of dollars and ended cooperation on three projects. The rift 
between the two families caused the Salvador Corporation’s stocks to plummet by several 
billion dollars overnight. 
Later, it was Nigel who intervened. He personally visited the Fowler family to negotiate. While the 
Salvador Cooperation was saved, it came with certain conditions. 
The condition was that Gregory could not remarry for three years. The woman in question could only 
live in the Salvador household as a servant, and her son would never be acknowledged as a legitimate 
member of the Salvador family. 
However, Grandpa Nigel promptly rejected the last condition. He argued that even if Gregory’s child 
was illegitimate, it was not for the Fowler family to meddle with. His son’s infidelity in marriage, which 
had hurt two women, was the responsibility of the adults involved, 
and the child was innocent. 
As a result, Justin’s mother was never officially acknowledged by the Salvador family. Without any 
legitimate status, Justin grew up enduring rumors and living in extreme humiliation. 
Two years later, Gregory brazenly brought back Shannon, who was 
pregnant with Bethany.
Mary, with her gentle, kind, and tolerant nature, couldn’t compete w Shannon’s cunning schemes. In 
the end, the cruel battle for status took a tragic turn, as Mary succumbed to depression and ended her 
own life by jumping off a building. 
The year of Justin’s mother’s death coincided with the end of the three-year agreement set by the 
Fowler family. 
Enjoy Ad Free Readingss: 
Gregory’s support. She successfully took Mary’s rightful position and became Gregory’s second wife. 
–“Justin, don’t be sad anymore. Your mother’s passing is affecting 
all of us too.” 
-“From now on, I am your mother, and Bethany will be your sister.” 
–“Sigh, your mother was truly a good person. It’s a pity that she was just a bit unlucky compared to me. 
I hope she’s not suffering from her illness in the afterlife. I’m sure she wouldn’t blame me for taking her 
place, right? She was so kind. She definitely wouldn’t blame 
me.” 
Justin could never forget the thinly veiled derision in Shannon’s words at his mother’s funeral. 
Even though he was young at the time, he could still sense the insincerity behind Shannon’s friendly 
smile. 
In the blink of an eye, more than 20 years had passed. It seemed that he was the only one in the entire 
Salvador family who had not forgotten about his mother.
Suddenly hearing his mother’s name coming from Bella’s lips, Justin felt a desire to cry, his eyes 
reddened inexplicably. 
“Mary… Mary…” Gregory looked dazed as he murmured the name of 
his old lover. 
Flashbacks of the memories emerged from the depths of Gregory’s mind. They were of Mary’s bright, 
beautiful face, filled with affect and tenderness. The deepest part of his heart throbbed with pair 
When Shannon, who was standing close to Gregory, heard him repeatedly say the name of her long- 
forgotten love rival, she was furious. Her eyes reddened as she unleashed her rage directly at Bella. 
“Mary? That slut was just Greg’s former mistress! Even after joining this family, she was nothing more 
than a servant. What right does she have to be the matriarch of the Salvador family? The matriarch of 
the Salvador family is me! She’s nothing compared to me!” 
“Shannon! That’s enough!” Emotions that Gregory thought were long gone stirred within him. He roared 
angrily at her, completely forgetting there were others present. “Mary was not just a mistress, let alone 
a servant. Besides, she’s no longer here. You have no right to say that about her!” 
“Why don’t I have the right?” 
Shannon’s eyes widened. Her anger got the best of her. “Am I not speaking the truth? She was just a 
lowly mistress unfit for society!” 
Before she could finish her sentence, she suddenly felt a chilling sensation enveloping her body. 
Taken aback, Shannon raised her eyes, only to find Justin standing 
before her.
“You…” 
Suddenly, a crisp sound echoed through the hall. 
his hand and slapped Shannon fiercely. 
“Ugh!” 
Shannon recoiled in pain. Her cheek immediately swelled, and blood 
trickled from her lips. 
Her eardrums buzzed, and she could see stars. 
She staggered back two steps, clutching the back of the sofa for 
support, barely managing to avoid falling to the ground in 
embarrassment. 
“Justin…” Bella’s eyes narrowed, worrying for him.
###chapter787
Justin only used a fraction of his strength with that slap. 
in was fu 
As a trained soldier, aware of the damage his he 
could inflict. If he had unleashed his full strength, Shannon wouldn’t 
, 
have ended up with a swollen cheek. Instead, she might have been knocked out cold right then and 
there. 
Yet he refrained, not wanting to give her a chance to leave, as there was still an issue between Bella 
and Shannon that needed to be 
settled. 
Everyone in the house was in a state of panic. They just witnessed Justin slapping Shannon, yet no 
one dared to intervene. 
If even Gregory couldn’t control Justin, who else could control him in 
this household? 
“Ahh!” Bethany gasped. Her hand immediately covered her mouth in fear. Tremors coursed through her 
body uncontrollably. Seeing her mother being slapped, she didn’t even dare to step forward and stop 
Justin.
Even the people from the Hoffman family were dumbfounded. 
Although Shannon’s words were out of line, it was unthinkable that Justin would dare to slap her in 
front of so many people. After all, Shannon was still Gregory’s wife and his stepmother. 
It was utterly audacious! This slap not only struck Shannon’s face but 
insulted his father’s dignity. 
Only Ryan looked at Justin with fervent eyes. He took a deep breath and smiled, feeling a rush of 
indescribable emotion flood his heart. He knew that Justin had been suppressing his emotions for too 
long. As his only best friend, no one understood better tha struggles Justin had endured within this 
family over the years. 
“Greg, Greg… I can’t hear… My ears… I can’t hear anything!” Shannon’s cry was frantic as she 
covered her eyes. 
She rushed over to Gregory’s side and clung to him tightly. Her lips were bleeding, her meticulously 
styled hair was now in disarray, and her eye makeup was smudged from tears. 
Her carefully crafted image over the years was completely shattered. I’m deaf… Your son made me 
deaf! Aren’t you going to do something about him?! How dare he hit me?!” 
Bella thought, ‘Damn, that must have felt so satisfying!” 
Bella could clearly see blood seeping from between Shannon’s fingers. Her beautiful eyes widened as 
she looked at Justin’s cold expression. She could tell that Shannon’s eardrum must have ruptured. 
Gregory looked at Shannon with mixed emotions. He still felt a lingering, dull ache in his heart, but he 
knew clearly that it wasn’t for her. But rather, it belonged to the woman he had long buried within the 
deepest depths of his heart.
“Justin, are you out of your mind? How could you lay hands on an elder?” Gregory felt compelled to 
intervene. 
Justin’s smirk was cold, his lips forming a chilling smile. “Elder? What 
kind of elder is she? Looking at the whole Salvador family, I only 
consider Grandpa, you, and Wilma as my elders. She has no place among the people I respect.” 
“Young Master Justin…” Wilma smiled, feeling grateful and 
that she was mentioned. 
Shannon’s face swelled like a balloon, and the taste of blood lingered 
on her tongue. 
Shannon thought, ‘Is he implying that even a mere old maid like Wilma held a higher status than me? 
This is unacceptable! This 
bastard!’ 
“I’ve addressed you as Aunt Shannon out of respect for your age and for being with my dad for nearly 
30 years. Elder? Do you really think you deserve that?” Justin’s cold laughter sent shivers down 
Shannon’s spine. 
The Hoffmans watched eagerly. They couldn’t miss this exciting 
drama unfolding.
Justin’s eyes turned dark and chilling. “My mother is where I draw the line. Anyone who dares to cross 
it shouldn’t expect me to show them any respect. I might even take their life.” 
As he spoke, he cast a subtle glance in Bella’s direction.
###chapter788
Unspoken words echoed in Justin’s mind. ‘You’re my bottom lin Bella. But I wonder… Do I hold the 
same significance in your hear Bella? Or am I perhaps even less important than Christopher?” 
Thinking of this, Justin felt an unbearable mix of reluctance, anger, and sorrow flooding his heart. With 
a heavy heart, he tore his gaze away from Bella’s beautiful face, unable to bear looking at her any 
longer. 
As if they shared a telepathic connection, Bella discreetly stole a glance at him at the very moment. 
Seeing him staring ahead with a cold expression, her heart skipped a beat for no reason. 
Shannon trembled uncontrollably, her heart pounding in her chest, making it difficult to breathe. 
It was evident that Gregory couldn’t control Justin anymore, and his. support for Shannon was 
dwindling. 
Shannon thought, ‘If this bastard were to find out that I played a hand in worsening his mother’s 
depression, what would happen to me?’ 
Shannon’s mind raced back to the time when she bribed the maids 
around Mary, all except Wilma. 
They had tampered with Mary’s medication for depression, 
substituting it with drugs that stimulated the central nervous system. 
Over time, not only would it accelerate the physical manifestations of depression, but it would also 
induce feelings of oppression, difficulty breathing, and even hallucinations.
In the final few months of Mary’s life, Mary was tormented physically and mentally before she ended 
her own life. 
Shannon thought, ‘This secret must never see the light of d 
day it is exposed will be the end of me!’ 
“Greg, are you really going to stand by and watch me get beaten? I’m 
your wife…” Shannon’s grip on Gregory’s clothes tightened as tears streamed down her cheeks. 
When the tough approach didn’t work, one had to resort to softer strategies, like playing the victim. 
Shannon knew Gregory was particularly vulnerable to this approach. 
Gregory’s breath grew heavier as he stiffly supported Shannon’s arms. “Go back to your room and 
freshen up. I’ll have Bethany and the secretary take you to the hospital.” 
“No.” Justin’s lips parted coldly. 
Gregory’s brow furrowed. “What do you want, Justin?” 
Justin stared intimidatingly. “It’s just a slap. She won’t die. But 
Shannon and Ms. Thompson must settle the issue between them 
tonight.” 
Bella’s heart skipped a beat, and she pursed her red lips. 
Shannon screamed hysterically. “How many times do I have to say it? 
I have nothing to do with Celeste’s case, and I don’t even know that
assailant! It’s all fabricated slander from Bella!” 
Bella disdainfully glared at Shannon’s pale face. “Mrs. Salvador, I 
think you should listen to Chairman Salvador and go to the hospital to see if you have any signs of 
early-stage dementia.” 
“Bella!” Shannon gritted her teeth. 
Logan raised an eyebrow at this remark. “Was Ms. Thompson’s tongue always this sharp?” 
“Yes, Father. Ms. Thompson has always been like this, hot-tempered and fierce in her actions.” Claire 
couldn’t stand Bella’s demeanor out 
of spite. 
Logan cleared his throat lightly. “It’s good for girls to be a bit fierce and fiery. Besides, her family 
background matches her temperament. She’s also quite beautiful. It’s a pity she’s been divorced once. 
Otherwise, she wouldn’t be a bad match for Ryan.” 
His comment made Claire and Zoe speechless. 
Zoe was startled, her heart pounding. “Grandpa! What are you saying? Bella is just discarded goods! 
How can she be a match for Ryan?” 
“Discarded? For a woman as outstanding as Ms. Thompson, even if she’s been through multiple 
divorces, I believe there would still be plenty of men dying to be with her.”
###chapter789
Ryan smiled wickedly, a mischievous glint flickering in his fiery eyes. Grandpa, to be honest, when I 
first laid eyes on Ms. Thompson, I was deeply attracted to her, and I immediately began to pursue her 
passionately.” 
“What? You went after Bella?” Zoe was in disbelief, gritting her teeth. 
with hatred. 
Logan looked shocked and asked, “What? You pursued Ms. 
Thompson? Why aren’t you two together? I heard you’re quite skilled 
at wooing women.” 
Claire remained silent. 
Ryan scratched his head, embarrassed. “Well… She wasn’t interested 
in me.” 
“She didn’t even like you? Is she trying to marry the King himself?” 
Logan was quite annoyed. But then again, considering Bella’s ex- husband was Justin, Ryan’s rejection 
didn’t seem so humiliating after 
all. 
“That thug, Harry Young, used to work at TS Gem Channel thirty years ago. Not only did he collaborate 
with you in several dramas, but he also served as your assistant for quite a long time. Your relationship
with him is far from ordinary. Celeste and many well-known directors from the TS Channel are familiar 
with Harry too. Yet you claim not to know him. Are you sure you don’t have early-stage dementia?” 
Bella’s 
gaze turned cold as she shook her head at Shannon. 
She couldn’t help but wonder how Shannon had managed to climb her way from the lowest position to 
her current position as the chairman’s wife with such a low level of intelligence. It could only be said 
that Gregory was even blinder than his son. 
Shannon remained stubborn in her denial. “I don’t know anyone called Harry! Just because they know 
me, does that mean I have to know 
them?” 
“Madam Shannon, you seem to be very forgetful. Let me help you remember a few things.” Bella 
descended the stairs gracefully and confidently approached the Salvador couple. 
Like magic, Shannon’s eyes caught a flicker of silver. Bella held out a platinum pendant shaped like a 
lily, dangling it enticingly before 
Shannon. 
At the sight of the necklace, Shannon’s heart raced, her lips trembling ‘Why… Why is it in Bella’s 
hands?’ 
Gregory furrowed his brow, sensing Shannon trembling intensely in his arms. Despite her efforts to 
control herself, it was still very 
obvious.
Shannon’s gaze darted around nervously. “What’s this nonsense? Why are you showing me that?” 
“Shannon, that’s your necklace,” Gregory said, his tone heavy with concern. “I remember you used to 
wear it all the time when we first met. You told me it was the only family heirloom your mother left 
behind, and you cherished it dearly. But one day, I noticed you stopped wearing it, and when I asked, 
you said you accidentally lost it while filming. You were upset about it for a long time. I remember 
this lily-shaped pendant. 
A deafening buzz filled Shannon’s ears as the truth dawned on her. She remembered now. She had 
indeed told Gregory this. To put it accurately, she had lied. 
Shannon’s entire identity was built on a foundation of deception. In her relentless pursuit of wealth and 
to win Gregory’s heart, she had told him countless lies and fabricated stories. 
With time, the lies had piled up, and now she could no longer 
remember all of them. 
“So this necklace was your mother’s heirloom, Madam Shannon. Oh my, that must be very important to 
you,” Bella remarked, her eyes glittering with cold light as she observed the swaying pendant. 
Bella continued, “How could such an important possession end up in the hands of that thug? It was 
placed in an exquisite jewelry box, so it seemed this necklace held significant value for Mr. Young as 
well.”
###chapter790
Back at the police station, Harry Young endured relentless interrogation for three consecutive days and 
nights. Glaring lights hung directly above his head, denying him any opportunity for sleep. 
Despite the immense torment inflicted upon his mind and body, Harry withstood all the pressure. 
Whenever he was close to giving in, he would think of Shannon and his daughter, whom he never got 
to meet. He vowed to endure even if the sky were to collapse. 
Suddenly, the door of the interrogation room swung open, and Ralph swaggered in with an indifferent 
expression, casually flexing his 
muscles. 
In front of suspects and criminals, Ralph was no longer the noble seventh young master of the 
Thompson family. He exuded such a fierce and intimidating vibe that even the toughest street thugs 
would 
address him with respect. 
“Hey, still hanging in there?” Ralph yawned, dragging a steel chair and seating himself across from 
Harry. “Leo, make Mr. Young a cup of 
coffee to keep him awake. We’ve got a long night ahead of us.” 
“Yes, Captain Thompson.” 
Harry gritted his teeth, sneering. “Captain Thompson, aren’t you tired of interrogating me every day?” 
Ralph grinned mischievously. “Not at all. I’m young, and my body can
handle it.” 
“I’ve told you everything I should have over the past two days. Even if 
you ask me a thousand times, my answer will remain the same.” 
Ralph’s smile turned cold as he placed a photo in front of Harry. “I’m tired of the old questions. It’s time 
for something new.” 
Harry lowered his gaze and saw the platinum lily-shaped pendant in the photo. Despite his efforts to 
maintain a poker face, he leaned forward involuntarily, his facial muscles twitching with fear. 
“Do you recognize this necklace?” Ralph stared at him unwaveringly, tapping the table with his 
fingertip. 
“I don’t,” Harry replied without hesitation, but cold sweat beaded on 
his forehead. 
“It’s your belonging, but you don’t recognize it?” Ralph’s chuckle grew louder, tinged with mockery. “You 
even had it wrapped in silk and stored it in an expensive jewelry box. It shows how much you value it. 
But now you claim you don’t recognize it? Who do you think you’re 
fooling?” 
“You searched my house! How dare you?” Harry’s eyes trembled. His 
fists clenched tightly and strained against the handcuffs. 
“You’re a criminal, and I’m a cop. Isn’t it normal for me to search your
house? Shouldn’t you have expected it already?” Ralph leaned back, smiling lightly. “I’ve already 
investigated. This necklace used to belong to Shannon Quarry. For you to have stored Shannon’s 
personal item in your house with such care, it seems like your 
relationship with her is quite special!” 
Harry’s face turned pale, and he gritted his teeth as he spoke. “I stole 
1. So what?” 
“I went to the TS Gem Channel and found people who worked with you over twenty years ago, even 
actors who are still active. They all seem to know you,” Ralph continued, his tone firm. “They talked a 
lot about you and Shannon. They said that the female star you’ve always admired and pursued was 
never Celeste, but Shannon. We have all 
their testimonies.” 
Sweat dripped down Harry’s face as he cursed angrily, “They don’t 
know anything!” 
“Not only that… They also testified that you would take every 
opportunity to get close to Shannon and were always at her beck and call. At that time, everyone knew 
that Shannon and Celeste were 
rivals. Not to mention, there was not a single picture of Celeste in
your house, only pictures of Shannon covering the wall. How could you possibly be a fan of Celeste?”
###chapter791
Ralph’s voice was icy, his eyes subtly darkening. “So, everything you said earlier about your love for 
Celeste turning into hatred was 
bullshit.” 
Harry’s face twisted into a creepy grin. “So what if you found out? I am indeed a fan of Shannon. I’m 
obsessed with her to the point that I’ll do anything for her! Even if it’s killing Celeste!” 
Ralph’s shoulders were shaking with anger. He wished he could charge forward and smash Harry’s 
face. 
“But if you’re wondering about my relationship with Shannon, well, there’s none. We’re not even 
friends. It’s just me being delusional. I’m willing to do anything for her, including sacrificing myself and 
murder. I’m fine without her knowing any of this.” 
With that, Harry closed his eyes, seeming to have accepted his fate. 
Harry only dared make such a bold statement because he knew he could only be charged with 
intentional harm, or at worst, attempted murder, for his crimes. After all, Justin was fine, and Celeste 
remained unharmed. Even if the Thompsons sought revenge, they would be powerless. 
He only felt that it was a pity that he couldn’t fulfill the task Shannon had entrusted him with. 
Ralph was well aware of Harry’s thinking. A wave of rage surged within him, and his eyes turned red 
with fury. 
After a while, he instructed his subordinates to leave, then stood up
and switched off the recording device. 
“Harry, it’s just the two of us now. Let’s speak freely.” 
Ralph casually paced around the interrogation room. He sat on the table with his hands in his pockets, 
staring at Harry coldly. “You volunteered to be Shannon’s hitman and do her dirty work. Sure. That’s 
your decision. But imagine if there’s something more to your relationship with Shannon. If this were to 
leak to the media, what would they make of it? What if the Salvadors heard rumors about it? How do 
you think Chairman Salvador would react?” 
“Everyone would assume Shannon sent you to attack Celeste. Chairman Salvador would suspect 
there’s something fishy between the both of you. When that happens and you’re tucked away in prison, 
what about your sweetheart? Her reputation has already taken a hit. If this gets out, she could lose all 
respect, right?” 
Bella once told him. ‘To destroy someone, you must first destroy their 
heart!’ 
When Harry heard this, his body trembled, causing the handcuffs to clink. His eyes were burning 
crimson as he glared at Ralph. 
“You’re a cop! Revealing the details of an ongoing investigation to the media is against the rules! I’ll 
report you!” 
“Do you really believe I’d play by the rules with someone as stubborn and wicked as you?” 
Ralph lifted his chin slightly, exuding fearlessness. “Let me make it clear, Harry. You’ve not only 
provoked me, but the entire Thompson family. Since you dare to lay your fingers on Celeste, by all
means, I’ll make sure both Shannon and you end up in hell together!” 
* 
“That guy is the one who stole it!” Shannon muttered incoherently, her eyes darting around in panic. 
“Back then, when I was filming, I left the necklace backstage. When I 
came back, it was gone. It must have been him who stole it!” 
“Is that so? It was stolen, yet he didn’t sell it for money. Instead, it 
was carefully kept until now.” Bella couldn’t help but chuckle when 
she heard her flawed explanation. 
“How would I know what he decided to do with it?” Shannon realized 
she might not be able to outwit Bella’s sharp tongue, so she resorted 
to acting defiant to the end. 
Without concrete evidence, what was Bella capable of doing anyway? 
“To be honest, I had someone look into the TS Gem Channel. They 
talked to people who knew Harry back then, and they all said you two
were very close at that time. He didn’t take any money from you, but 
he was always there for you. He willingly served as your assista 
making sure you were safe and helping you out whenever need 
“Tell me, for a man so infatuated with you, why would he steal fro 
you? And even if he did, it’s probably because he’s in love with you 
Mrs. Salvador.” 
Bella’s beautiful eyes narrowed slightly, revealing a smirk that sent 
shivers down Shannon’s spine. “So, he’s willing to do anything for you, including murder.” 
“Bella! Shut up!” Shannon was drenched in cold sweat, her voice 
trembling. 
The gazes of the onlookers gradually became skeptical and complex as they watched her.
###chapter792
Gregory’s gaze fell upon Shannon. It was devoid of any warmth or 
emotion. 
Bella suddenly changed the subject. “Madam Shannon, did you 
secretly instruct Mr. Harry to take advantage of the birthday party and attack Aunt Celeste, which led to 
the previous incident?” 
“It wasn’t me! Harry acted on his own. I had nothing to do with it!” 
Shannon desperately clung onto Gregory’s suit, tears blurring her 
vision as she defended herself. 
“Greg, I have no reason to harm Celeste,” Shannon insisted. “I am the 
matriarch of the Salvador family. What move would I have against 
someone like her, who is merely Wyatt’s mistress?!” 
( 
“Shannon! That’s enough.” Gregory’s tone was stern as he interrupted. 
“Madam Shannon, you can direct your anger at me, but I won’t tolerate you insulting my family.” 
Bella’s eyes flashed with anger as she confronted Shannon.
She raised her finger and pointed directly at Shannon’s tearful yet sinister face. “If you dare to insult 
Aunt Celeste again, I’ll slap you 
too!” 
A tense silence fell over the room as everyone exchanged uneasy glances. 
Logan, who was observing from the sidelines, shook his head 
Chapis 792 
disapprovingly. “Ms. Thompson’s behavior hardly resembles that of a young lady. She’s too unruly and 
willful.” 
Ryan shrugged nonchalantly. “It’s because she’s been spoiled by everyone. Her father, siblings, and 
even Justin spoil her! It’s no 
surprise she behaves so recklessly. You should know that Justin has 
never spoiled a woman in his life. Ms. Thompson is the only 
exception. No other woman enters his eyes.” 
Zoe intuitively caught the underlying message in the words, feeling a 
slap to her pride. 
Justin’s gaze shifted to Bella. He found her fierce and aggressive 
appearance irresistible, causing his heart to race uncontrollably. 
Shannon froze in fear, fully aware of Bella’s reputation for following through on her threats.
“Bella… All of this is merely your speculation! You’re slandering me without any evidence!” Shannon 
protested, convinced that Bella had 
no concrete evidence to support her accusations. 
Bella smirked, leaving Shannon speechless and embarrassed. 
“Could your defensiveness be a sign of guilt?” Bella’s smirk lingere as she reclaimed the necklace, her 
tone teasing. 
“As for the specifics of your relationship,” Bella continued, “I think I should ask Mr. Young again. We’ll 
have answers soon enough. Try to be patient.” 
Shannon’s nerves coiled at the thought of Harry being in the hands of the cops. 
“Well, I’ll leave you to your business” Bella said, heading for the door 
with everyone watching her. 
Justin clenched his fists, his intense gaze following her every move. Despite the urge to follow, he 
suppressed the restless feeling in his 
heart, resisting the impulse. 
Just as Bella was about to leave, Claire stopped her. 
“Ms. Thompson, next time you should handle your family matters at 
the right time and place. At least give Chairman Salvador and Mr.
Salvador a heads-up, so nobody feels awkward.” 
“Awkward? I didn’t feel that.” Bella shrugged, smiling casually. “Next 
time, toughen up a little, then you won’t feel awkward so easily.”
###chapter793
Claire choked at her words, coughing violently. 
Bella’s words cut through the tension like a knife. “You’re not even 
half as sharp as Shannon, yet you dare to challenge me?” 
“Bella! How dare you speak so rudely to my mother? You’re disrespecting your elders!” Zoe’s voice 
trembled as she hid behind 
Logan, using him as a shield while stirring up a commotion. 
Justin furrowed his brows as Zoe’s words sank in, his expression 
betraying his discontent. 
“Just because someone is older, are they automatically labeled as an elder? If that’s the case, then I’m 
your elder too. Is it appropriate for 
you to raise your voice at your elders?” Bella towered over Zoe. 
Her icy glare caused Zoe’s confidence to waver. 
Zoe’s lips trembled, unable to retort. She dared not speak out anymore, afraid of what would come out 
of Bella’s mouth next. 
Claire knew Logan wouldn’t cause trouble for Wyatt’s daughter over 
such a trivial matter, so she silently signaled to Ryan, urging him to 
step in.
Ryan’s eyes darted with uncertainty as he cleared his throat softly.” 
Um, Bella, I…” 
Bella’s stare intensified as she turned her attention to him. Seeing the 
sudden change in Bella’s demeanor, Ryan quickly changed his tone 
and said, “I’ll drive you home. It’s not safe this late at night.” 
“No need. I drove here myself.” 
With that said, Bella didn’t even glance back as she briskly made her way out, with the sharp click of 
her high heels echoing through the 
villa. 
Ryan scratched his head, feeling embarrassed and at a loss for words. 
Logan let out an irritated snort, finding his grandson, who was known for being bold, suddenly acting 
meek in front of Bella. It was utterly 
humiliating! 
“Let’s go!” The Hoffman family followed suit, rushing out of the villa. 
“Ahh! My head… I feel so dizzy.” Shannon murmured weakly, leaning against Gregory for support, as if 
she barely had any strength left.
Wilma shot an irritated glance at Shannon and muttered under her breath, “Geez, always playing the 
victim. With all those acting skills, how did Madam Celeste outshine her for so many years?” 
Her every word reached Shannon’s ears. She was so angry that fumes 
were coming out of her ears. 
Gregory’s expression turned stiff and pale. After a moment of silence, he quietly instructed, “Wilma, 
please assist Shannon back to her 
room.” 
“I’m sorry, Chairman Salvador, I’m only responsible for Young Master Justin’s needs. I need to run the 
bath for him now. Perhaps someone else can help take care of Madam Shannon. Besides, she might 
not want me to serve her either. It could make her feel uncomfortable,” Wilma replied with a defeated 
tone before bowing and walking away. 
Gregory only stood there in silence, his thoughts disarrayed. 
Just like that, Justin was left standing there. His expression revealed 
a mixture of reluctance and anger, as if he were abandoned. 
“Justin! Why are you still standing here?” Ryan rushed over and pushed him urgently. 
His face was filled with concern. “Bella’s about to leave. This is your chance to explain everything that 
happened between you and my 
sister!”
Justin felt suffocated, as if there were a heavy stone crushing his 
chest. 
… 
On their journey back, the Hoffmans rode in two cars, with Logan in 
one and Claire and Zoe in the other. 
Inside the second car, Claire was full of resentment. She had always 
been shielded since she was young. 
In her youth, she found solace in her husband’s protection. As 
aged, she relied on the steadfast support of her son. When has s 
ever faced such humiliation as tonight? 
“Mom, Ryan publicly humiliated me in front of the Salvadors and 
Grandpa!” Zoe recounted, her voice trembling with anger. “He’s 
resorting to any means to stop me from marrying Justin!” 
Zoe fell into Claire’s arms and cried bitterly, “He only cares about his 
own happiness. He doesn’t care about my life or death at all! Does he still regard me as his sister now? 
Am I an enemy in his eyes?
###chapter794
“Don’t worry, Zoe. This matter won’t end just like that. Mom has got your back.” Claire reassured her 
daughter, a cold gleam flashing in 
her eyes. 
“But Ryan is in charge of everything at home now! Considering he has such a good relationship with 
Justin and Bella, what can we possibly 
do?” 
Claire’s voice dripped with bitterness as she exclaimed, “If your big 
brother thinks he can control who you love, then he shouldn’t even 
dream about being together with that Salvador retard. With your grandfather backing us up, he won’t 
dare to overlook the family’s 
reputation. He will do everything possible to ensure you end up with 
Justin. Mark my words. He will never allow Carrie to join the 
Hoffmans!” 
“Mom, Ryan has his guard up against us! Won’t he see through our 
plans?” 
Zoe’s eyes were red as she screamed in frustration. “He protects tha 
little slut, Carrie, like she’s his own heart and soul. How are we
supposed to do something when he’s watching our every move?” 
“There will be opportunities. Even if he’s fawning over Shannon’s silly 
daughter, he can’t be with her every waking moment. There will be times when he’s away.” 
Claire was truly angry this time. 
Normally, she would not bother with such matters. But after 
witnessing her own daughter being bullied, and with her reputation at stake, she was determined to 
remove all obstacles and ensure her daughter’s marriage with Justin! 
At the same time, she also wanted to find a fitting match for Ryan, a daughter-in-law worthy of their 
prestigious family. 
It certainly wouldn’t be Shannon’s autistic daughter, Carrie. 
Bella briskly walked, slipping into her sports car. She stepped on the gas and sped out of Tideview 
Manor. 
As her car turned out of the gate, her grip tightened on the steering 
wheel. 
Standing under the dim streetlights, Christopher leaned against his electric blue sports car, looking 
elegant and graceful. 
It was unclear how long he had been standing there or how long he had been waiting, yet there was 
not a trace of impatience in his 
expression.
Seeing Bella’s car appear, his eyes suddenly lit up with anticipation and he straightened away from the 
sports car, his expression eager 
as he waved at her like a giddy teenager. 
The sports car screeched to a halt, stopping in front of the man. 
Bella looked surprised as she stepped out of the car. “Why are you 
here?” 
“I was waiting for you,” Christopher replied, a faint smile tugging at 
the corner of his lips. His gaze was soft. 
She was even more puzzled now. “Waiting for me? Why were you 
waiting for me?” 
“I found out that your car was heading toward the Salvadors’ manor, so I followed you. I didn’t mean 
anything else. I was worried that you would be bullied and would have no one around to help.” 
With a wry smile, Christopher added, “But it turns out I was being foolish. I couldn’t get in, and even if I 
came, I wouldn’t be able to help you. But being able to see you now, my efforts weren’t in vain.” 
Bella blinked, feeling a mixture of emotions at his words. 
She had always been independent and free, unwilling to be watched 
or controlled by others. 
The thought of someone investigating and silently following her
made her uncomfortable. 
“I’m fine, just sorting out some personal matters,” Bella replied with a 
forced smile. “The Salvador family isn’t dangerous. I mean, I lived 
there for three years, coming and going as I pleased.” 
‘Three long lonely years of marriage… Christopher felt a wave of 
bitterness wash over him. 
He was about to speak when his expression suddenly darkened. He 
noticed Justin standing not too far away, his face blank and sad, 
blending into the cold, lonely night. 
Justin stood silently like a pale and cold sculpture, staring at Bella 
without blinking, but Bella was completely oblivious. 
“Chris, I…” Bella tried to speak when her vision suddenly blurred. 
Before she could react, Christopher pulled her into his arms and 
pressed her tightly against his chest 
She could even feel his disordered and fiery breath. His arms wrapped around her slender waist, and 
he slowly tightened his
embrace.
###chapter795
“Chris! What are you doing?” Bella exclaimed, flustered. She instinctively pushed against his shoulders. 
To Justin, her struggles seemed like ambiguous signals of 
acceptance. 
Christopher remained silent, only hugging her tighter. He glanced up 
once more, locking eyes with Justin. 
His expression was filled with blatant mockery and arrogance. No 
matter how much Bella struggled, he refused to let her go. 
Justin’s heart felt like it was being pierced by a thousand knives. 
Every nerve in his body was taut as waves of agony washed over him. ut as waves of agony washed 
over him. 
Watching Bella and Christopher embrace felt worse than being 
physically stabbed. The pain was far worse compared to the injuries 
he suffered as a soldier. 
Justin’s face drained of color as he turned away, stumbling back as if 
he had drunk too much. His body weakened. 
At that moment, Christopher’s arms loosened, and Bella took the
opportunity to break free. She stepped back, her eyes filled with anger. 
“Mr. Iverson, don’t ever do this again. Consider this your final warning. Otherwise, we won’t even be 
friends anymore!” 
“I’m sorry, Bella. I truly am.” 
Christopher immediately put on an expression of innocence and guilt, 
his hands suspended in the air, looking incredibly embarrassed. 
“I know you only see me as a friend, and I’ve been trying to remind myself to maintain my boundaries. 
But I just lost control at that moment. I promise it won’t happen again. Bella, please forgive me 
this time. I was just too emotional.” 
Bella rubbed her forehead impatiently, letting out a heavy sigh. “I 
really hate it when men other than my brothers touch me. I hope your 
remember that.” 
Christopher clenched his teeth. His hands awkwardly hung by his 
sides with his fists clenched in frustration. 
He thought, ‘Do you really hate other men touching you? What about 
Justin? You even allow your secretary, Steven, to be near you. Is it 
just me that you can’t stand, Bella?’ 
“Thank you for your concern. It’s late, so I should go back now.”
As she said that, she had a deja vu moment and slowly turned to look behind her, only to be 
disappointed that there was no one there. 
… 
Justin stumbled back to the villa, dragging his feet. 
“Justin!” Ryan was so concerned about his best friend that he didn’t 
leave with the rest of his family. 
When he saw Justin returning alone, looking lost and dejected, he hurriedly approached Justin. 
However, Justin did not even notice Ryan and walked forward in a 
daze. 
“Justin Justin Ryan reached out and embraced him, anxiously 
asking “Where’s Bella? How did your conversation go Has she 
forgiven you? 
haven’t done anything wrong 
Justin’s bloodshot eyes were 
“Why should I seek her forgiveness 
Why should I ask for her forgiveness 
calm yet hollow, as if he had lost his soul
Ryan, I’m tired No matter how hard 
matter how much I chase after her 
to let her go 
try to keep her, Fean’t Ne 
can’t catch up. Perhaps it’s time 
“Justin! Justin!” Ryan reached out and embraced him, anxiously 
asking, “Where’s Bella? How did your conversation go? Has she forgiven you?” 
“Why should I seek her forgiveness? I haven’t done anything wrong. Why should I ask for her 
forgiveness?” Justin’s bloodshot eyes were 
calm yet hollow, as if he had lost his soul. 
“Ryan, I’m tired. No matter how hard I try to keep her, I can’t. No 
matter how much I chase after her, I can’t catch up. Perhaps it’s time 
to let her go.”
###chapter796
Bella’s mind was all over the place as she drove back to her villa in 
Savrow. 
Originally, she went over to confront Shannon, but on the entire drive back, her mind was filled with the memories of Justin pressing her 
against the wall. 
When his eyes were staring at her, she saw her own sad reflection in 
them. 
There was a look of anger and helplessness in his eyes that she 
could not shake off. 
As she recalled his emotional gaze, her fingers tightened around the steering wheel. Her fingers were pale from how hard she was gripping the steering wheel as she pondered. 
‘But what does this mean? Even if his gaze was more provoking, it 
doesn’t change the fact that he couldn’t change his womanizing ways and was secretly involved with Zoe. 
Bella got out of her car with a gloomy expression. She looked up to see Asher, Ralph, and Steven waiting for her at the entrance. 
“Bella!”
“Ash! Ralph! Steve! What are you all doing here? Bella asked in 
surprise, gathering herself. 
“I heard from Ralph that you went to Tideview Manor alone. You didn’t 
even bring Steve along with you. What was going through your mind, 
little girl? Why did you go there alone?” Asher sighed with concern, coming forward to put his arm around her shoulders. 
“But when I heard that Justin was there too, I was sort of relieved. With him there, at least you won’t be at a disadvantage.” 
“Why wouldn’t I be at a disadvantage because he’s there?” Bellow frowned and pursed her red lips unhappily. 
“Because he’s head over heels for you, so he’ll definitely protect you.” 
“Hahaha. Ash, this joke isn’t funny at all.” 
Bella’s heart skipped a beat, and her tone became more critical. “I was married to him for three years. During those three years, I 
suffered and was bullied by the Salvadors, yet he never spoke up for me. Now, we’re not even friends, so why would he stand up for me?” 
“Exactly, Ash.” Ralph walked over with his hands in his pockets, sneering. “Justin is a heartless and unscrupulous person. Even though he didn’t like Bella, he married her and made her his wife. He is responsible for protecting her. But look at what he’s done! As the saying goes, a leopard can’t change its spots. Just look at how long he has been pursuing Bella before he started messing around with
other women!” 
“Mr. Ralph, what are you talking about?” Steven was puzzled, 
oblivious to what was happening. 
“I’m talking about Ryan’s annoying sister, Zoe! They were recently caught fucking in a hotel room together!” Ralph’s words were sharp, maybe even sharper than Axel’s or Drew’s. 
“Well, Ralph, you definitely have a way with words. Keep going!” Bella 
nodded repeatedly, expressing her agreement. 
Asher and Steven were speechless at his crass words and could only lightly cough. 
Suddenly, Asher’s gaze fixed on a spot not far behind Bella. 
“Mr. Iverson?” 
Bella blinked in confusion, then turned around in surprise. 
In the dim night, Christopher’s sports car was parked not far away. 
The engine was off, and the lights were extinguished. 
It was quiet, as if it didn’t exist. 
Christopher hadn’t gotten out of the car but remained seated in the 
driver’s seat. He leaned forward, with his arms crossed on the steering wheel, as he stared deeply at her without blinking.
Bella lightly bit her red lips, locking eyes with him.
###chapter797
Bella didn’t bother to greet or approach Christopher. 
In the light, Bella could clearly see Christopher slowly lowering his body, burying most of his delicate face in his arms, leaving only a pair of beautiful yet lonely eyes exposed. It was the same pitiful, lonely look from fifteen years ago when she saw him being forced to stand 
in the rain by Chairman Iverson. 
“Yikes. When did he get here? Did he teleport here? There was no sound at all.” Ralph shuddered involuntarily, feeling a chill run down 
his spine. 
Asher looked in Christopher’s direction, then glanced meaningfully at Bella’s complex expression. “Did he follow you to the Salvadors’ 
manor?” 
“Yeah.” 
Just then, the sports car started again. It turned around and drove off 
in the opposite direction, quickly disappearing into the night. 
“What? Did he just leave like that?” 
Ralph frowned. “Bella, all the guys chasing after you are either 
scumbags or stalkers. As your brothers, how can we not worry about
your safety when you’re out there alone?” 
“Let’s focus on the matter at hand.” 
Bella no longer dwelled on Christopher. She directly changed the 
subject, frowning. “Ralph, how’s the investigation going with Harry? Is 
he still unwilling to talk?” 
Ralph sighed in frustration. “It’s going to take longer than expected. That guy is way more loyal than we imagined. He’s completely 
devoted to Shannon. If you didn’t know better, you’d think they were a 
married couple.” 
“Actually, I’ve thought about it. If he’s willing to kill for Shannon, getting him to spill the beans won’t be easy.” 
Bella crossed her arms, her gaze gloomy. “This time, I want you to interrogate him as I instructed and break down that man’s willpower. Once he’s vulnerable, we will strike and destroy his feelings for 
Shannon.” 
“Bella, tell me what to do next. We’re with you all the way!” Ralph was already eager and determined to make that despicable scoundrel pay 
the price. 
“Just getting Harry to testify against Shannon isn’t enough.” Bella
clenched her fists tightly, her eyes blazing with anger. “For all the pain. Aunt Celeste endured because of her, I want Shannon to pay back a 
hundredfold!” 
“Bella, Ralph, I think we should continue digging deeper into the relationship between Harry and Shannon,” Asher suggested calmly, 
his gaze sharp. 
“Shannon asking Harry to target Aunt Celeste was probably an impulsive decision. The fact that a single phone call from Shannon was all it took for that man to do her bidding wholeheartedly without 
any hesitation suggests that they’ve been in contact all these years. 
Who knows? There might be plenty of shady dealings going on behind 
the scenes. Perhaps he’s been doing her dirty work for years.” 
Ralph sneered. “Yeah, maybe they’ve got a whole other family hidden away, with Gregory unbeknownst to it.” 
Bella laughed it off, but her mind wandered involuntarily. 
If that were really the case, things would be much simpler. This would be earth-shattering evidence. It would be enough to keep Shannon 
down for the rest of her life! 
However, Shannon’s arrogance and obsession with her status as Mrs. Salvador made Bella wonder if she would really lower herself to have
an affair with someone beneath her social level. 
Steven clenched his teeth with anger. “Hmph! If they are really having an affair, I hope Bethany is their illegitimate daughter. Then this scheming mother-and-daughter duo can pack up and leave the Salvador family. It’d be justice for you, Ms. Bella!” 
Bella pondered for a moment, then asked softly, “Ash, has Drew been 
in touch lately? When is Dr. Arnold Larson coming to Savrow?” 
“Drew called me and said he’s still sorting things out with Dr. Larson. 
He’ll bring him to you as soon as possible.” Asher reassured her, 
patting her shoulder gently. “Don’t worry, your big brother is here. 
Whatever you want, I’ll make it happen. I will do everything in my 
power to help you.” 
“I’m here for you too, Bella!” Ralph chimed in eagerly with his arms. raised, his eyes sparkling with determination. 
“Me as well, Ms. Bella,” Steven added with a warm smile.
###chapter798
Bella was deeply touched, leaning gently against Asher’s shoulder. She immediately felt all the accumulated fatigue in her body melt 
away. 
* 
After a night of turmoil, Ryan made his way back to the other home with Carrie, a troubled expression hanging on his face. 
It was snowing on his way home. By the time the luxury car pulled up to the entrance, Yasmin had been standing there with a large black umbrella, waiting for him for a long time. 
“Mr. Hoffman, you’re back.” 
Seeing Ryan getting out of the car, Yasmin hurriedly bowed before covering him with the black umbrella, leaving herself exposed to the 
snow. 
“Is Carrie asleep?” Ryan asked eagerly. 
“Ms. Salvador has been waiting for you to come home. I’ve advised 
her several times to go to bed, but she refused.” Yasmin replied with a helpless yet affectionate smile. “Don’t blame her. She’s just worried about you.” 
A warmth flooded Ryan’s heart, prompting him to quickly enter the
villa. 
Concerned that his cold body from the snow outside might affect 
Carrie, he changed into the pajamas Yasmin had prepared for him 
downstairs before ascending the stairs, intending to surprise his 
beloved girlfriend. 
Ryan gently pushed open the door and noticed that the bedside lamp in the bedroom was still turned on and an open book was lying on the bed. However, the delicate figure that he yearned for was nowhere to 
be seen. 
He felt a slight panic in his heart and was about to call out Carrie’s name when he faintly heard rustling sounds coming from the 
bathroom. 
Without hesitation, he quickly walked to the bathroom door. 
Inside, everything suddenly quieted down. Not a sound could be heard. 
“Carrie?” 
Ever since Ryan fell in love with Carrie, he treated her like a precious 
gem, fearing the thought of losing her. His nerves were constantly on 
edge, and he was always worried about her well-being.
When the bathroom became abnormally quiet, he feared that 
something might have gone wrong. With a forceful kick, he swung the 
door open, almost sending it flying. 
“Ah!” Carrie screamed in panic. Her hands instinctively covered her 
head as she turned to face him. 
“Uh…” Ryan was taken aback. His throat tightened with a low grunt. 
His mind went blank as desire clouded his eyes like a storm. His fingers involuntarily curled into a fist. 
“Aaaahhh!” Carrie screamed once more upon seeing Ryan’s face, 
tightly shutting her eyes and instinctively crossing her arms over her chest. Her delicate frame trembled in panic as she turned away. 
But what was the use? 
The sight of her exposed, fair, and slender back filled Ryan’s eyes and ignited a storm of emotions within Ryan. 
“Carrie… You… I… We…” Ryan mumbled incoherently. His breath grew heavy, and his eyes were red with desire as he stared at her intently. 
“I just took a shower, and I didn’t know when you would come back…” Carrie turned her trembling back to him, looking alluring.
The steamy bathroom created an ambiguous atmosphere between the two of them. Ryan’s forehead was covered in sweat. Unable to control himself, he felt his self-control slip away as he moved toward 
her.
###chapter799
Carrie heard his heavy footsteps approaching, but she was too frightened to turn around. She clutched her slender shoulders, trembling with fear, resembling a startled little rabbit. 
This only served to emphasize Ryan’s tall and imposing figure, resembling a big bad wolf hiding his desires. 
“Carrie…” Ryan’s voice caught in his throat, his eyes burning with desire. He hesitantly raised his trembling hand, longing to touch her silky skin. Just then, Carrie shyly whispered. 
“I’ve just taken a shower and was applying some lotion. I’ve done everything except for my back. Otherwise, I would have finished earlier and laid down while waiting for you to come home.” 
Ryan listened quietly, feeling his cheeks flush with warmth. His fingertips buzzed with anticipation, filled with electric energy. 
He had seen too many women. There were those who flaunted their bodies in front of him and tried to seduce him with their charms. But no one had made him so nervous before. He could hear his heart pounding, feeling at a loss for what to do. 
“Ryan, can you help me apply it on my back? Please?” Carrie’s voice was soft, her delicate shoulders shrinking as she made her request. 
“Carrie… Can I? I can do it…” His breath was heavy, filled with intense 
longing. 
Carrie bit her lips, slowly lowering her arms that were protecting
herself, and nodded.. 
Ryan’s heart pounded against his ribs. He forced himself to calm down as he picked up the body lotion placed beside him. 
‘I won’t do anything… I won’t do anything…’ Ryan thought to himself and repeated the mantra in his head to restrain the demon in his heart. His fingertips trembled as he suppressed the burning desire. 
But the moment he touched Carrie, all restraint vanished. He pulled her fiercely into his arms, unable to resist the overwhelming passion 
any longer. 
“Ryan…” Carrie whispered, her cheeks flushed. 
“Don’t say my name.” Ryan’s voice was hoarse, sending shivers down 
her spine. 
“Ryan, I…” 
“Carrie, if you say my name again, I really don’t know what I’ll do.” 
“Ryan…” 
The string in Ryan’s mind snapped instantly, and he leaned in, kissing 
her trembling lips. 
“If you’re not ready, I won’t…” 
Before Ryan could finish his sentence, Carrie silenced him by biting
his lip and returning the kiss. Her movements were gentle yet clumsy. 
Fireworks went off in his mind. 
He had never felt such satisfaction in his life. 
Ryan lazily squinted his charming eyes. They were overflowing with indulgence and affection as he gazed at the lover in his arms. 
His right arm held her close, while his other hand carefully lifted the 
covers. 
A smile tugged at the corners of Ryan’s lips, his eyes brimming with hidden emotions as he couldn’t resist kissing her once again. 
Carrie was fast asleep. Even as he teased her wantonly, she didn’t 
wake up. 
Ryan murmured softly, “Carrie, you truly belong to me now.”
###chapter800
Ryan rested his chin on Carrie’s head, whispering each word slowly 
into her ear. 
“Don’t worry. Those bitter days will never come again. I will cherish you for the rest of my life, Mrs. Hoffman.” 
As expected, Justin’s slap had ruptured Shannon’s eardrum. It had even dislodged one of her molars. 
How much pent-up resentment and hatred did he have to strike her 
with such force? 
Bethany hurriedly escorted Shannon to the hospital for treatment. On the way, Shannon cursed loudly while covering her ears. The more she cursed at Bella and Justin, the angrier she grew, causing her ears and face to throb with pain. 
The driver stared in disbelief, stealing frequent glances at the 
rearview mirror. 
Who would believe that the usually dignified and elegant chairman’s wife would be so vulgar, cursing like a fisherman’s wife, causing her 
facade to crumble? 
“What are you looking at?”
Bethany noticed the driver’s prying eyes and warned sternly. “I’m warning you! Keep your eyes on the road and drive the damn car. You’d best keep your mouth shut! If a word of this leaks out, your 
whole family won’t be able to survive in SW 
“Yes, yes, Ms. Bethany!” The driver trembled and dared not look again. 
“You useless girl! I regret raising you!” With nowhere else to vent her anger, Shannon could only unleash her fury at Bethany. She jabbed forcefully at Bethany’s head with her finger, causing her body to tilt. How could you just stand there and watch your own mother get beaten? You stood there and watched Bella, that bitch, bully your 
mother! You didn’t do anything!” 
Bethany clenched her fists tightly, filled with resentment. “I’ve never been able to compete with Bella. If rashly intervened, I was afraid I’d make things worse! Why do you keep scolding me, and not Carrie? Look at how much you’ve suffered, and she hasn’t even appeared once. She’s just been fooling around with Ryan! I really don’t know what he sees in her. He must be blind!” 
Shannon didn’t hide her disdain for Bethany. “Shame on you! How do you still have the nerve to compare yourself to your sister? So what if she doesn’t intervene? She still silently stole Ryan’s heart! Being able to become Ryan’s mother-in-law is great. It’s a hundred times better than your useless flattery in front of me!” 
Shannon used to be skeptical. But now she had to admit that Bethany’s inferior genes doomed her to mediocrity, no matter how Bethany was raised. The innate lowliness couldn’t be eradicated. Bethany was even inferior to Carrie, the defective daughter she shared with Gregory! 
If Shannon had known this earlier, she would have focused on grooming Carrie instead. She felt that she had wasted her efforts.
At the hospital, Shannon received treatment and was admitted to a VIP ward. She lay on the bed, her cheeks swollen, unable to sleep due to the pain in her ears. She tossed and turned, alternating between anger and fear. 
Shannon was worried that Bella would discover her relationship with Harry and feared that Harry would betray her. But more than anything, she feared that the truth about Bethany’s biological father being Harry would be exposed. That would spell the end for them both! 
She stayed in the hospital for three days, with Bethany mindlessly 
keeping her company. 
On the third day, the swelling on her cheeks finally subsided, but Gregory had yet to show up. 
During this time, Bethany called him more than once, asking when he would come to visit her mother. However, he was always indifferent and dismissive, hanging up after a few perfunctory words. 
Initially, Bethany thought Shannon would be in tears upon hearing the news. After all, which woman wouldn’t want her husband’s love and care? After all, being left alone in the hospital by her husband would 
drive any woman crazy. 
Unexpectedly, Shannon remained calm and composed, without a hint of crying or tantrums. She ate, nursed her injuries, and appeared to be disturbingly normal. 
This left Bethany utterly confused. To the best of her knowledge, 
Shannon couldn’t survive without Gregory.
###chapter801
At this very moment, Bethany looked at her mother’s cold and 
indifferent face, feeling as though her mother had never truly loved her father. They were worse than strangers. 
Bethany asked, “Mom, it’s been three days since Dad last visited you. 
He seems indifferent. Aren’t you concerned at all?” 
“Hmph, rushing things won’t do any good. Your father is just like Justin. They won’t take you seriously if you cling to them. However, if you keep your distance, they’ll come closer to you.” 
“Men are all so fickle!” Shannon’s lips curled into a playful smile as she vented her frustration, though her emotions were in disarray. 
Shannon did not reach out to Gregory for the past three days. Her reluctance to contact him stemmed purely from fear, rather than any 
other motive. 
Despite being deemed fit for discharge from the hospital, Shannon could not muster the courage to return home. Instead, she chose to stay confined within the hospital walls, using the excuse of needing 
further recovery to avoid facing Gregory. 
That night, after Bella caused such a scene, Shannon had distinctly 
sensed a shift in Gregory’s demeanor toward her.
Throughout her stay in the hospital, Shannon pondered how to clarify 
things with her husband and rebuild his perception of her. 
Suddenly, the door to the hospital ward swung open. 
“You guys wait outside. I’ll go in and see Shannon.” 
“Yes, Chairman Salvador.” 
Upon hearing Gregory’s voice, Shannon and Bethany were both 
stunned. 
Shannon swiftly reached for a powder box hidden beneath her pillow and hurriedly applied powder to her lips to accentuate her weary 
appearance. 
As Gregory entered the room, she leaned weakly against the bed’s headboard, casting a pitiful gaze at him with her tear-filled eyes. 
“Bethany, I’m thirsty… Can you please get me a glass of water?” 
The unexpected tears reminded Bethany of Rosalind, whom she considered an insufferable nuisance. 
“Dad! You’re finally here!” Bethany covered her mouth, pretending to 
be pleasantly surprised. 
Gregory gazed at the frail figure resting on the bed, his dark eyes. devoid of emotion, sending shivers to run down Shannon’s spine.
“Bethany, you’ve done well taking care of your mom these past few days. I’ve arranged for the household staff to take care of her needs. You should go home and get some rest,” Gregory said. 
“Okay… Well then, I’ll head back now” 
Bethany cast a glance at Shannon before stepping out and closing 
the door behind her gently. 
“Ms. Salvador, do you need a ride back?” The bodyguard at the door 
asked politely. 
“No, there’s no need. Just pass me the car keys. I feel like going for a drive,” Bethany responded. 
Bethany entered the underground parking lot with a heavy heart. 
After spending three days in the hospital, she felt like she reeked of disinfectant. Now, all she craved was to buy some stylish clothes and indulge in a luxurious spa treatment to refresh herself. 
Just as she approached her car, she suddenly felt a sharp pain in her 
neck. 
“Argh!” 
Bethany’s vision darkened as she slipped into unconsciousness. 
As she collapsed, Yasmin’s cold and beautiful face appeared behind 
her.
“Take her away.” 
“Yes, Ms. Yasmin.” The two bodyguards promptly obeyed her orders and dragged Bethany’s unconscious form away without hesitation.
###chapter802
The atmosphere in the hospital ward was tense. 
In the past, Shannon held a special place in Gregory’s heart, receiving his utmost care and attention. Although Gregory could not guarantee his presence by Shannon’s sick bed every day, he consistently expressed deep concern whenever she faced a minor ailment. Even amidst his busiest schedule, he would still try to visit her every day. 
However, three days had elapsed without Gregory’s presence, a scenario previously deemed implausible. 
“Greg…” 
Shannon leaned weakly against the bed’s headboard and delicately / wiped her trembling, powder- coated lips. Her tear-filled eyes fixed on Gregory. “Have you been busy lately? I guess you’ve been caught up with the company’s affairs and couldn’t find time to visit me… My condition is nothing serious, just a perforated eardrum. It’s not a big 
deal… I’ve already undergone surgery… 
Shannon’s words were cut short by Gregory’s somber interruption.” 
Shannon, I’m here with a question. Was everything Bella mentioned 
the other day true?” 
Shannon was startled by Gregory’s question. Her eyes quivered 
intensely.
“Greg, after all this time, you’re still questioning my loyalty? I’m your wife. You know how devoted I am to you! I’ve given birth to two daughters for you, nearly losing my life giving birth to Carrie. I’ve 
sacrificed so much for you…. Why would I even consider being disloyal to you by associating with someone accused of murder?” 
“Greg, have you stopped loving me? When love fades, suspicion taints every action, and every word will be deemed wrong!” 
Shannon’s words overflowed with anger, yet her heart quivered with 
fear. 
All the resentful questioning was nothing but a cover for Shannon’s inner panic and turmoil. 
“I’m not referring to the man named Harry Young. I’ll look into whatever is between you two on my own.” 
Gregory’s expression remained composed. “I’m talking about Celeste. Were you the one behind the attack on her?” 
“No! No! It wasn’t me!” 
Shannon vehemently protested, her voice strained. “Why would I want to harm her? What would I even gain from hurting her? Why would I 
take such a risk?” 
Gregory simply watched Shannon protest, his hand clenching tightly around his phone, which had turned warm from his touch.
During the past three days, Gregory instructed his secretary to discreetly investigate the relationship between Shannon and Harry. Although it had not unfolded precisely like what Bella had described- where Shannon had exchanged sentimental items like her necklace with him-there was some truth to it, Shannon did indeed know Harry. They had even crossed paths on multiple occasions during their time 
at TS Channel. 
Another revelation came to light. Despite the absence of call records between Shannon and Harry, Gregory took precautionary measures and got ahold of Bethany’s communication logs. 
Among the many numbers, one did not align with Bethany’s social 
circle. 
Upon further investigation, Gregory discovered that the number lacked registration under a real name. However, its location coincided with the direction of Harry’s rented house. 
After learning about this, Gregory’s heart sank at once. 
Bethany was born in the elite circle. All her life, she has associated solely with high society and has never befriended anyone beneath her social circle, let alone visited the slums. 
Hence, there was only one possible explanation for using Bethany to establish contact with someone from that IP address. 
“Shannon, do you know what attracted me to you the most then?” Gregory took a deep breath and asked. 
Shannon was startled once again, her mind scrambling to recall.
She believed that Gregory must have been charmed by her youthful allure and captivating beauty. After all, most men tend to prioritize physical allure over emotional depth 
Yet she had overlooked one crucial aspect. 
As the designated heir of the Salvador family, Gregory was born into wealth and privilege. 
However, despite the relentless pursuit by elite socialites in Savrow and aspiring female celebrities, none fulfilled their dreams of 
becoming his wife. 
As for Shannon, she was nothing more than a small-time actress. She lacked Celeste’s beauty, and her family background was even less 
remarkable. 
So why did Gregory choose Shannon among the multitude of female celebrities on the TS Channel? 
“Because back then, your eyes radiated purity and innocence. I was captivated by your genuine and unassuming nature. You made me want to protect and cherish you. With you, I found the sense of pride and contentment that every man desires.”
###chapter803
Shannon was left dumbfounded. 
‘Purity and innocence?’ Shannon wondered, her disbelief deepening. These terms seemed better suited for Gregory’s mother, the woman 
he adored. 
The more she pondered, the more it grated on her nerves. 
“But now, it seems you don’t need my protection anymore. Even in my absence, you’d find ways to pursue your desires and go to great lengths to seek revenge against those you despise.” 
Gregory’s expression grew stern, and his brows furrowed. “However, consider this your last warning. I expect you to behave yourself from now on, refrain from causing trouble to innocent individuals, and stop bringing any more trouble to me or the Salvador family. Otherwise, I’ll have no choice but to send you abroad for a quieter life, away from 
the conflicts and disputes of Savrow.” 
Upon hearing Gregory’s intention to send her away, Shannon was overwhelmed with a mix of shock and anger. Her entire body started trembling with fear. 
“Gregory… What do you mean by that? Are you trying to say that you’re over me? Are you planning to abandon me after a few words of slander by Bella? Or is it because you have illicit intentions toward Wyatt’s wife? Is that why you’re taking this out on me? Is that why you’re trying every means to get rid of me? So that you can welcome 
a new woman into your life?!”
“What nonsense are you spewing now?!” Gregory’s brows furrowed in anger, his voice hoarse. 
“Well… I got that right, didn’t I? You’re feeling guilty, aren’t you?” 
Shannon’s back stiffened, her neck tensed, and her eyes tinged with red as she glared at the man. “Back when Celeste was still on the TS Channel, there were rumors about your ambiguous relationship with her! There were even talks of you privately favoring her with resources and showing intentions to keep her!” 
Gregory’s eyes narrowed, his fists clenching in silence. 
“Celeste is your ideal partner, while I’m just the fallback option, right?” 
These words, long suppressed within Shannon’s heart, felt like a thorn finally extracted, unleashing a surge of both anger and relief. 
“If Celeste hadn’t ruined her reputation with drug abuse, she would’ve been the one to marry into the Salvador family, not me. I wouldn’t even stand a chance, would I?” 
“Are you done talking?” Gregory questioned her sharply, his tone icy. Veins bulged on his forehead. 
“Well, since you’re so fond of Celeste and so eager to defend her, why didn’t you step in when she faced that humiliating incident on stage during the anniversary celebration? You were present in the audience. Why didn’t you rush to her aid like Wyatt? Why didn’t you marry her?!” 
“You didn’t because you were afraid You were afraid of being tainted by such a scandalous woman. You were worried she would tarnish your reputation as the Salvador family’s CEO! Since you ignored her back then, what’s the point of pretending to be righteous and 
compassionate now?”
Gregory bellowed, “Shannon, shut up!” 
Shannon smirked with disdain, her gaze filled with contempt. “Your son longs for another man’s daughter, and you yearn for that man’s wife. The Thompson family must be something extraordinary.” 
Gregory, enraged and humiliated, lashed out and slapped Shannon. 
Shannon felt her eardrums throb with pain. Tears streamed down her cheeks as she seethed with hatred. 
Gregory recoiled. His fingers trembled as he clenched them tightly. 
This marked the first instance in Gregory’s life where he resorted to violence against a woman, contradicting the values instilled in him by his upbringing. Yet Shannon’s actions had left him with no choice. 
“You… You actually laid your hands on me! How dare you?!” 
Shannon erupted into tears, sprung up from the bed, and ran barefoot 
toward the balcony. 
“What’s the point of living anymore? I might as well be dead!” 
Gregory’s eyes widened in alarm. “Someone get in here now! Hurry!” 
Gregory’s secretary and bodyguard who were stationed outside the ward, rushed in at once. Upon seeing that Shannon was about to jump off the balcony, they immediately grabbed her arms from both sides as if they were apprehending a criminal. 
Shannon wept hysterically, tears streaming down her face, looking utterly wretched.
“Have two maids take turns to watch over Shannon, and the both of you shall remain stationed at the door around the clock. If anything happens to Shannon, I will hold the both of you responsible,” Gregory 
ordered sternly.
###chapter804
“Yes, Chairman Salvador!” 
After giving the orders, Gregory shook his head in dismay and left the 
ward with a heavy gait. 
Gregory did not even bother to spare Shannon another glance. 
Shannon stood frozen, her mouth slightly ajar and her legs trembling. Eventually, she sank to her 
knees. 
Despite her crying and pleading, Shannon realized that even if she were to die right now, Gregory 
would not bother to stay by her side or even spare her a glance. 
She thought, ‘Gregory, you no longer love me, or perhaps I’m just a substitute for someone else. You 
never truly loved me.’ 
“Ha… Haha… Hahahaha!” 
Shannon laughed hysterically, startling the bodyguard. “Madam Shannon, are you alright?” 
“Great… This time, it seems we’re just like one another.” 
She thought, ‘You never truly loved me, nor have I ever loved you! But, 
Gregory, little did you know, I still won. I destroyed the woman you 
cherished most in this life!’ 
“Ouch… it hurts…”
When Bethany regained consciousness, she found herself in a damp and filthy environment. 
With narrowed eyes, Bethany carefully observed her surroundings and realized she was in an 
abandoned warehouse. The warehouse had a musty odor and the occasional scurrying of mice. 
“Ah!” Bethany hastily retreated, grabbing a dirty brick to fend off the 
mice. 
As the rodents scurried away, their squeaks seemed to mock her 
from afar. 
“Is anyone here? Can anyone hear me? Please, someone help me!” 
As Bethany cried out in distress, the warehouse door creaked open 
slowly. 
Emerging from the blinding light was an enchanting figure, dressed in a form-fitting black dress that 
accentuated her physique. The seductive silhouette would make any man’s heart race. 
“Y-You… You’re the woman who’s always by Mr. Hoffman’s side!” Bethany immediately recognized her 
“Good evening, Ms. Bethany. You’ve been out for quite a while. I’ve been patiently waiting for you to 
regain consciousness,” said Yasmin. Her eyes narrowed seductively, adjusting her black leather gloves 
as she looked at Bethany with a mischievous smirk. 
“Were you the one who kidnapped me here? How dare you kidnap the 
esteemed daughter of the Salvador family?! Have you lost your
senses?!” 
Bethany seethed with anger, her teeth clenched, yet her tone held a veiled threat. “Where on earth is 
this? Let me out of here now! You’ll regret it if you don’t! How dare you mess with the Salvador family?! 
Not even Ryan Hoffman can save you from the consequences you’ll 
face!” 
Yasmin’s grin widened as she watched Bethany’s outburst. 
Unable to communicate with her captor, Bethany got up and dashed toward the door, yelling for help. 
“Help! Someone, please help!” 
Suddenly, Bethany felt a sharp pain in her lower abdomen. 
Yasmin had unexpectedly raised her slender, toned leg to kick Bethany. 
The kick instantly propelled Bethany several meters away. She 
crashed heavily onto the ground, screaming out in agony as the pain reverberated through her entire 
body!
###chapter805
“How dare you lay your hands on me?! I’m the eldest daughter of the Salvador family… Y-You…” 
Bethany curled up in pain, sweat soaking her clothes as she groaned and rolled on the ground like a 
cocoon, yet her voice grew weaker and increasingly uncertain. 
Was that really the strength of a woman’s kick? That’s horrifying! 
“Who cares if you’re the eldest daughter of the Salvador family? You’re not their youngest daughter 
anyway. So why can’t I hit you?” sneered Yasmin, twisting her neck with a chilling gaze that sent 
shivers down Bethany’s spine. 
“Your life means nothing to me. To me, you’re no different from the 
rat in the corner.” 
Enraged and deeply humiliated, Bethany gritted her teeth as she struggled to rise from the ground, 
fueled by a surge of defiance 
against Yasmin. 
However, before she could regain her footing, Yasmin mercilessly kicked her again, sending Bethany 
crashing back to the ground with 
even greater force. 
“Argh!” Bethany’s scream echoed in the warehouse.
Bethany lay sprawled on the ground, resembling a toad in agony. Tears and mucus mixed with dirt 
covered Bethany’s face, making her 
look more disheveled than the rats in the corner. 
Yasmin had no sympathy for her plight. Just as she was about to deliver another blow, a cold voice 
came through her Bluetooth 
earpiece. “That’s enough, Yasmin. You’ve been a little too harsh. Look 
at her. Another blow, and she may be incapacitated.” 
Yasmin hesitated before retracting her raised leg. 
“Alright,” Yasmin replied. 
Amidst her excruciating pain, Bethany could barely make out the conversation between the ruthless 
woman before her and whoever 
was on the other end of the line. 
“So, you’re going to let her off like this?” 
“There’s no need to be too harsh on her. A few slaps to wake her up 
will do,” said Ryan nonchalantly, his tone dripping with a hint of 
seductive laziness. 
Meanwhile, on the other end, the scene inside the warehouse was shown on the TV screen in the 
backseat of the black Rolls-Royce.
Watching Bethany’s miserable state with indifference, Ryan felt a sense of satisfaction and a desire to 
chuckle. 
No, this was not enough to vent his anger. 
Recalling all the wrongs this woman had inflicted upon his girlfriend, Ryan felt the urge to step in. He 
wanted to shatter Bethany’s ribs, silence her malicious tongue, and sever her limbs to avenge the time 
she had slapped Carrie. 
However, Carrie was still one of Gregory Salvador’s daughters, and he 
could not disregard that. Since he had not gained full control of the 
Hoffman Group yet, if things escalated too much, it would be detrimental to him. 
Ryan was not afraid of stirring up trouble, but he dreaded the idea of putting Carrie at risk. 
He feared that he would not be able to protect Carrie. 
Ryan felt a slight pressure in his chest as he pondered their impending engagement and the potential 
challenges ahead. He sighed deeply. 
His warm breath brushed against the delicate ear of the woman 
nestled in his embrace. 
“Mmm…” 
Carrie let out a soft whimper as she blinked awake from her drowsiness. Her doe-like eyes appeared 
dreamy and tender.
“Did I wake you up? Hmm?” Ryan’s voice was husky as he lowered his brows and gently nibbled her 
rosy earlobe. 
His affection for her ran deep. He never wanted to let go when he 
held her, and he always longed for more when he kissed her. 
“Mmm… No, you didn’t. I just happened to wake up.”
###chapter806
Despite her late initiation into romantic relationships, Carrie has grown increasingly mature compared 
to before. 
Blushing deeply, as if she had applied blush to her cheeks, Carrie 
shyly sought refuge in her man’s embrace. 
“Stay still and let me give you a kiss…” 
Ryan’s eyes were filled with affection as he gently held Carrie’s chin with his fingertips. 
Carrie found herself overwhelmed by Ryan’s kisses, her head spinning as she surrendered. Her eyes 
squinted in submission, allowing the 
man to take her. 
As the temperature in the car rose, almost reaching a boiling point, Ryan suddenly heard a crisp “snap” 
in his earphones, nearly perforating his eardrums. He paused his movements and furrowed 
his brows as he removed the earphones. 
“R-Ryan, is that my sister?” Carrie clung tightly to the man’s waist, staring at the screen in disbelief as 
she witnessed Bethany endure 
Yasmin’s relentless slaps. 
“Yeah. Who else could appear so hideous other than your unfortunate sister?” Ryan could not help but 
feel repulsed by the sight of Bethany
enduring Yasmin’s ruthless beatings. 
Carrie watched in horror as Yasmin grabbed Bethany by the hair and 
cruelly slapped her.. 
After a few slaps, Bethany’s once proud and beautiful face swelled into a pig’s head. There was blood 
dripping from her lips and nose, and her eyes were nearly swollen shut. 
As Ryan’s bodyguard with a background in martial arts, Yasmin was 
known to be brutal. 
“I’m sorry… Please stop… Ah… Please stop…” Bethany cried out in pain, her words barely coherent. 
The more Bethany pleaded, the more amused Ryan became. 
“Why… Why are you hitting Bethany?” 
Carrie looked around anxiously, shaking Ryan’s muscular arm forcefully. “You must make Yasmin stop!” 
“Why should I, darling?” Ryan gently caressed Carrie’s cheek. 
Darling? 
Hearing this endearment, Carrie blushed and pursed her lips tightly. 
“I told you, not only will I defend you, but I’ll also make sure those who bully you face dire 
consequences.” 
Ryan’s eyes flashed with an icy resolve. “I cannot forgive Bethany for everything she has done to you. 
Allowing her to live in comfort for so long has been lenient enough. Whatever harm she has caused
you, I’ll ensure she experiences it ten times and a hundred times over. This is 
merely the beginning.” 
Carrie felt her chest tighten. 
While the man in front of her still showed affection and gentleness, 
his gaze had taken on a different tone. 
Carrie knew that Ryan only showed this side of himself in front of her. In the presence of others, he 
could be as terrifying as a beast. 
Sometimes, she could not understand or agree with his actions, but it did not change the fact that she 
loved him. 
“Darling, just relax and enjoy the show.” 
Ryan hooked Carrie’s slender waist, pulling her close. “It’s boring to always stay at home. Stepping out 
for some fresh air and excitement can lift your spirits.” 
As Carrie watched Bethany endure the merciless beatings, her heart filled more with terror than 
anything else. With wide, pleading eyes and beads of cold sweat on her forehead, Carrie begged, 
“Ryan, please spare my sister! Let her go, please! She’s my sister! Mommy’s favorite daughter!” 
Carrie kept pleading and shaking Ryan’s arm, feeling overwhelmed 
and helpless. 
Suddenly, Ryan seemed to realize something was off and swiftly pulled Carrie into a tight embrace, 
then commanded Yasmin, “Stop!”
“Yes, sir.” Yasmin complied, mechanically releasing her grip on Bethany’s hair.
###chapter807
Bethany fell heavily to the ground. Her swollen mouth rendered her speechless, leaving only tears. 
“Stop it! Please, stop!” cried Carrie, her tears flowing uncontrollably, and her sobbing resembling that of 
a five-year-old. Each teardrop hit Ryan’s shoulder like a hammer, leaving him heartbroken. 
“Okay, okay… I’ll stop hitting Bethany. Darling, please don’t cry. I’ll do as you say, I promise,” Ryan 
consoled Carrie, gently patting her back. 
Even David, who has been driving for Ryan for over a decade, was left 
dumbfounded. 
This remarkable young girl has not only brought their young master down from his pedestal but has 
also healed him. 
Since his father’s passing, Ryan has been living in the shadows, growing increasingly cold and 
ruthless, mocking life and devoid of 
emotions. 
However, Carrie’s arrival has transformed Ryan. She turned him into a person capable of feeling 
emotions, laughter, and tears. It’s truly a 
remarkable change. 
Carrie gradually calmed her fluctuating emotions, sobbing softly in Ryan’s embrace. 
In her typical lively and innocent demeanor, Carrie often made Ryan
forget that his cherished wife was not just an ordinary girl. She had 
autism. 
Ryan kept this a secret from Carrie, sending people both domestically and internationally in search of 
treatments, but to no avail. He received advice that her condition required psychological guidance and 
enduring patience. The journey was long and agonizing, one that 
few could endure. 
Yet, he was determined to persevere 
Carrie was his partner. Having chosen her, he decided never to 
abandon her and to stand by her side for life. 
“Ryan… Thank you. Thank you for not hitting my sister,” Carrie whispered softly. 
“Bethany hurt you, insulted you, and hit you. Why are you still trying to protect her?” Ryan’s brow 
furrowed with concern, but his tone 
remained gentle. 
“Because she’s my sister… Mom and Dad really like her. They’re 
always happy to see her. I don’t want to upset them or see them sad because of my sister’s injuries.” 
Carrie sniffed. 
It was a strange logic, unheard of before. 
To please her parents, Carrie was willing to forgive someone who had
left her battered and bruised… 
Ryan felt a surge of bitterness in his throat, and his heart felt pierced by a thousand needles. 
“Carrie, you’re such a kind person.” 
‘You’re so incredibly kind that it brings tears to my eyes. Your 
kindness, like a beacon of light, illuminates my dark life. You’re so out 
of place, yet I yearn so desperately to hold onto you.’ Lost in his thoughts, Ryan suddenly felt Carrie’s 
lips press against his trembling 
throat. 
Sensations of desire clouded his mind, causing his muscles to tense 
1. 
David, the chauffeur, remained composed, raising the privacy screen in the back seat without a word. 
The backseat quickly turned into a private space. 
“Carrie, you’re getting naughty.” Ryan’s forehead glistened with sweat, his gaze deepening as he 
wrapped his arms around her waist. 
“I’m not naughty. How could I ever be naughty to you? I just… I just wanted to thank you.” 
Carrie blinked her clear eyes, her lips pouting. “Well… It’s okay, then., Pretend I didn’t say anything… 
Hmph!” 
Ryan immediately claimed her lips, consuming her breath.
###chapter808
Late at night, Bella enjoyed a relaxing soak in a hot bath and donned a peach-colored silk robe. 
Her damp, ebony hair was tucked under a towel, and her youthful face flushed with warmth as she 
hummed a tune while descending the 
stairs. 
Despite recent troubles, she understood the ebb and flow of fortune, believing that one would not 
remain unlucky forever. 
Besides, as one of Wyatt Thompson’s daughters, she had the power to achieve anything she desired. 
Even if she wanted to become the president of the country, she would find a way to make it happen. 
However, there was one exception-that man. 
Bella’s thoughts led to a tightening in her chest. 
She believed that Justin had genuinely developed feelings for her, even sensing his relentless pursuit 
and willingness to embrace her in his heart, yet reality hit her hard. 
Men, she thought, were either clumsy fools or downright despicable. 
But Justin? He was nothing more than an incorrigible fool! 
The more Bella thought about it, the more annoyed she became. Her lips slowly drooped from her 
smile.. 
“Ms. Bella, I’ve prepared herbal tea that helps calm the nerves and
enhance beauty. Would you like to have some? You won’t gain weight 
” 
from it.” 
Steven, dressed in a suit with an apron over it, stood in the living room with a smile, looking at Bella. 
Bella saw him sweating from his busy work and felt a sense of guilt 
for some reason. 
She responded gently, “Steve, you’re my secretary, not my 
housekeeper. You don’t have to do these things in the future. I’ll have Aunt Mila send a chef from our 
Hatchbay house to take care of my meals. You’ve worked hard. I appreciate your effort for all of these.” 
“Ms. Bella, Mr. Asher assigned me to assist you with both work and personal matters. It’s all part of my 
job. That’s how it’s always been,” Steven replied anxiously, fearing that Bella might eventually decide 
she no longer needed him as her secretary. 
Bella shook her head. “I’ve already told you before. Your focus should be on someone who deserves it. 
Someone like Amelia.” 
Steven clenched his fingers, feeling a tug at his heart. 
“You’ve already done enough for me. These trivial matters shouldn’t distract you anymore. You just 
need to treat Amelia well. By splitting your attention, you might end up neglecting my sister.” Bella 
offered her advice kindly, genuinely concerned for her sister’s happiness. 
“Ms. Bella, about Ms. Amelia…”
“Steve, has there been any news from the hospital?” Bella interrupted, uninterested in his explanation. 
Romance was not the first thing on her mind right now. 
All she wanted was to deal with Shannon and make her pay for what 
she had done. 
Steven paused, then pursed his lips. “We’ve received word from our informant at the hospital. As you 
suspected, there was a heated argument between Shannon and Gregory. After the argument, Gregory 
didn’t stay with her at the hospital, and he hasn’t been seen there in the past few days. 
Congratulations, miss. It seems your plan to drive them apart has succeeded.” 
“Once someone plants the seeds of doubt, Shannon will no longer be seen as innocent in Gregory’s 
eyes Her days in the Salvador family will only become more torturous with each passing day.” 
Bella sneered coldly, her gaze sharp and unforgiving. “The only way to expose that wicked woman’s 
true mature is by breaking them apart and messing with her.” 
The saying “to defeat an enemy, make them lose their minds” holds true in any situation. 
“Also, as per your instructions, I’ve looked into Shannon’s daily routines. She undergoes medical 
beauty treatments every week an has a close relationship with a private cosmetic surgeon who 
performs procedures for her. He’s a rather handsome man in his ea forties.” Steven added, his words 
carrying a hint of intrigue. 
“Ah, I see.” 
Bella crossed her arms and clicked her tongue disapprovingly. “At his age, he’s definitely lacking 
compared to younger men in various aspects. But Shannon is at the prime of her life, so can someone 
like him really satisfy her?”
Steven smiled cryptically. “I think that doctor might be having a tough 
time.” 
“One’s after money, the other’s after looks. Both of them are so 
shallow. It’s hard to say who’s using whom,” Bella concluded with a 
smirk.
###chapter809
Just then, the doorbell rang. 
“It’s late. Who could that be?” Steven expressed his confusion. 
“Steve, go and get the door. It’s a guest I’ve invited,” Bella instructed 
calmly. 
A guest? Ms. Bella did not inform him that there would be a guest 
tonight. 
Steven did not have time to think much about it and went to the 
entrance to open the door. 
Outside stood a delicate-looking young woman in her twenties, dressed casually in athletic wear and 
sporting a black baseball cap. 
“Are you…” Steven suddenly froze, sizing her up. 
“I-I’m L-Linny. I work as a caretaker for the Salvador family, specifically attending to Ms. Carrie.” Linny 
introduced herself nervously as she glanced around. 
Steven quickly caught on upon hearing she was Carrie’s caretaker. 
“Linny, I’m sorry I couldn’t come to pick you up due to some special 
circumstances. I really appreciate you coming here on your own.”
Bella hurriedly greeted Linny, took the girl’s hand, and led her into the villa’s living room. “It must’ve 
been cold outside. Look at your hands. They’re freezing! I told you to take a taxi here. Don’t worry 
about the 
fare.” 
“I didn’t take a taxi. I took the bus and then the train. It’s pretty 
convinny 
replied quickly, her cheeks flushed from the cold. 
Seeing the once noble Young Madam show such concern for her, Linny felt her lips tremble with 
indescribable gratitude. 
Bella could not help but feel a sense of sympathy, knowing Linny had to walk quite a distance from the 
train station to her villa, all while enduring the chilly winds. 
She knew Linny still had reservations about spending money. 
Steven promptly brewed a cup of hot tea for Linny and kindly brought 
her a hand warmer to hold. 
Seated on the sofa in the living room, the young girl took a while to 
shake off the chill in her body. 
“Young Ma-No, I mean Ms. Thompson. Thank you for always looking out for Ms. Carrie.” Linny 
expressed her gratitude sincerely
Linny’s voice was gentle yet resolute as she spoke. “I witnessed how kind you were to Ms. Carrie 
during your time at Tideview Manor. For her sake, I’m willing to do whatever you ask of me.” 
Bella gazed deeply into the young girl’s eyes. They were so clear and pure, like Carrie’s. Suddenly, she 
felt a weight descend on her heart. 
Bella was not sure if this decision was the right one, but she needed to place someone trustworthy and 
reliable by Shannon’s side. But apart from Wilma, there was no one else she could rely on. 
After a thorough investigation, she had chosen Linny for this role. 
Steven pursed his lips. He knew that Bella intended for Linny to act as a spy, gathering information 
from Shannon’s side. 
“Linny, I need you to gain Shannon’s trust and infiltrate her inner circle. If possible, I’d like you to install 
a bug in her room.” 
Bella’s expression darkened as she spoke frankly. “In the days to come, I want to be aware of 
everything Shannon does.” 
Linny suddenly froze, clutched the hand warmer tightly, and went 
silent. 
“Linny, I understand that this task isn’t easy for you. After all, 
Shannon is Carrie’s mother and the matron of the Salvador family. 
There will certainly be risks…” 
“Alright, I’ll do it.”
###chapter810
Bella could not help but recall the sight of Ryan and Carrie holding hands tightly, their eyes filled with 
happiness for each other. It stirred a mix of emotions in her heart. She felt moved and envious. 
Carrie had already found the love of her life. 
But what about her? Where was hers? 
“Ms. Thompson, you’ve always been kind to Ms. Carrie, so I’ll help you in any way I can,” Linny 
affirmed. 
Bella held the girl’s hand tightly. “Thank you, Linny. But please remember to prioritize your safety and 
not push yourself too hard. If you’re in danger, contact me immediately. The plan can be postponed or 
abandoned, but your safety comes first. Do you understand?” 
Linny held back her tears and nodded earnestly. 
Since the young girl traveled a long way and arrived hungry, Bella personally cooked a bowl of pasta 
for her with meat and vegetables. She even took out a side of pickles that Celeste made. It was a 
simple yet heartfelt gesture. 
“Is it tasty?” Bella asked with a smile, resting her chin on her hand 
across from Linny. 
“Yeah! It’s delicious!” 
“Ms. Thompson, you’re such an amazing cook! Mr. Salvador is so blessed to have you as his wife!” 
Steven couldn’t help but feel speechless. 
Bella maintained her smile, but her tone carried a hint of sarcasm. It’s a shame he didn’t appreciate it 
like you do. But as for the future, Justin will never get to experience it again. That’s for sure.” 
Bethany was left bruised and battered by Ryan’s men. She dared not 
return home to face Shannon or tell Gregory about what had 
happened. 
Instead, she flew to Helionis to recuperate and undergo facial 
reconstruction. 
She knew Yasmin was affiliated with Ryan and would not have taken such a step without his approval. 
Bethany knew that if she dared to report the incident or make it 
public, she risked not only her own and the Salvador family’s 
reputation, but she might also trigger even harsher retaliation from 
Ryan. 
The agony of being tortured alongside rats that day was something she never wanted to experience 
again in her life. 
But to let this grudge go unavenged would be enough to make her wake up crying from nightmares. 
After undergoing reconstructive surgery in Helionis, Bethany sneaked back to Savrow with her head 
wrapped in bandages.
As soon as she got in the car, she received a call from Zoe. 
“Hello, where the hell have you been? Why couldn’t I reach you on the phone?” Zoe’s tone still carried 
the same imperiousness. 
“Zoe, watch your tone when speaking to me. I’m a lady of the Salvador family, not your servant!” 
Bethany retorted angrily, still nursing her slightly painful face. 
“Well, look at you, getting all worked up. I didn’t even hold you responsible for embarrassing me in front 
of Justin the other day. But now you’re throwing a fit at me.” 
Zoe chuckled playfully. “But it’s alright. I’ll be the bigger person and let bygones be bygones. Tomorrow, 
I’ll send someone to pick you up, and you’ll accompany me to try on my engagement banquet attire.” 
“Engagement? What engagement?” 
“Obviously, it’s the engagement between me and Justin!” 
“What?!” Bethany was shocked, and her face went pale. “How could Justin possibly be engaged to 
you? That’s ridiculous. Unless he’s lost his mind!” 
“Well, Justin hasn’t agreed yet, but it’s just a matter of time.” 
Zoe said confidently, her tone dripping with arrogance, “Just wait and you’ll see. He’ll soon come 
around to me. I’ll become your sister-in- law before you know it.”
###chapter811
Bethany thought Zoe must be out of her mind to say such boastful words. 
Justin was the president of the Salvador Corporation, holding all the power and influence in his hands. 
Not even Gregory could change his mind. What could the Hoffman family possibly do? 
However, there was no need for her to mention all these. Bethany would quietly watch as the Hoffman 
family fussed around, waiting for them to become Savrow’s laughingstock. 
“Fine. As long as you’re happy. I’ll wish you a happy marriage with my brother in advance!” Bethany 
covered her throbbing face, sounding reluctant. 
“Oh, do you remember the guy you mentioned before? Mayor 
Solloway’s son? You said he was interested in you, but you weren’t, so he didn’t make it.” Zoe suddenly 
changed the topic. 
Mayor Solloway’s son? Bethany remembered him. 
Her mother had brought her to a golf club to meet Mayor Solloway and his wife. It was an attempt to set 
her up with Mayor Solloway’s son. 
However, Mayor Solloway and his wife did not show interest in her. That ridiculous woman even 
wanted to meet her foolish sister, which was extremely distasteful. 
To save her pride, she boasted to Zoe that the Solloway family was satisfied with her, but she rejected 
their marriage proposal because she thought she could find someone better. 
“Yeah. Why? Why are you suddenly bringing him up?” Bethany huffed.
“Nothing. It’s just that he is pursuing me now.” Zoe chuckled smugly. 
Bethany was stunned and sneered. “You’re about to marry the 
president of the Salvador Corporation. Would you even be interested in a mayor’s son?” 
“Of course, I’m devoted to Justin, so I rejected him. However, he said he really likes me and is willing to 
do anything for me, and I mean anything!” Zoe’s laughter became wicked and eerie. 
“What do you mean? What are you planning?” Bethany sensed Zoe’s underlying tone and questioned. 
“I want him to marry Carrie.” 
Bethany took a sharp breath. What a crazy woman! How could she demand something so bizarre from 
her admirer? 
How did the Hoffman family raise such a lunatic?! 
“After all, you’re Carrie’s sister. It’s inconvenient for me to step in, so 
I’ll need you to help facilitate this marriage.” 
Zoe laughed cunningly. “The Hoffman family is wealthy and powerful. If it were anyone else proposing 
marriage, my brother would never give up on Carrie. I could only break off any possibility of them being 
together if Carrie married into a political family like the Solloways.” 
What a scheming woman! 
“Ha, I’ve helped you before, but how did you repay me? I still remember how you almost sent me to 
jail!”
Bethany’s eyes reddened in anger. She accidentally pulled the wound on her face and broke out into a 
cold sweat. “Now, you want me to help you again. Why should I?” 
“I’m about to become your sister-in-law. Isn’t it important to have a good relationship with me?” 
Zoe lazily said, “Furthermore, Carrie snatched away the man you love. Don’t you want revenge? 
Besides me, who could help you?” 
Bethany’s heart skipped a beat. 
She recalled the brutal beating she received from Ryan’s bodyguard. Her eyes were filled with angry 
tears and she clenched her fists tightly. 
She thought, ‘Ryan, I love you so much; but you don’t even treat me like a human! I have no choice but 
to take away what you hold dear so that you can experience my pain! 
“What do you want me to do? Just say it!” 
While the Salvadors and Hoffmans were in chaos, something happened in the Iverson family as well, 
shrouding the family in gloom. 
Just two nights ago, Charles got into a car accident in the heavy rain on the way home after meeting 
his friends.
###chapter812
The driver died on the spot, and the bodyguard sitting in the passenger seat was still in the emergency 
room, but his chances of survival were slim. 
Charles sat in the back, narrowly escaping death as the collision point was at the front of the car. His 
face was almost disfigured from the shattered glass shards, and his head was covered in blood. 
However, he permanently lost both his legs due to a comminuted fracture. 
Lance consulted surgeons all over the country, but none of them could make Charles stand up again! 
The family sat in the living room, each with gloomy expressions. 
Astrid sobbed. While it was unsure whether her tears were sincere, the emotions were there. “How 
could it be? That road was so smooth. Charles always took that route. How did the accident happen?” 
The air felt heavy. 
Christopher sat at the side, as if it had nothing to do with him, and crossed his legs. He gracefully drank 
coffee and remarked, “Even if he takes that route daily, it doesn’t decrease the chances of an accident. 
These are two different matters, Astrid.” 
Astrid wiped her tears with a napkin, glancing at Christopher with a dark gaze. “Charles got into a 
severe accident, but you sound quite happy. Did you finally get what you wanted?” 
“Not really.” 
Christopher put down his cup and adjusted his gold-rimmed glasses.” I’m just an emotionally stable 
person. I don’t need to cry here as if Charles had already died.”
“You!” Astrid’s eyes reddened, and she trembled with anger. 
“Enough! You’ve been fighting since you were children. Don’t you get sick of it?! Astrid, Charles is lying 
in the hospital, but you can’t think of a way to help him. You’re just causing trouble! Do you think our 
family isn’t chaotic enough?” Lance slammed his fist on the sofa’s armrest. 
After a scolding, Astrid shivered, stopped crying, and glared fiercely at Christopher. 
Christopher thought about it and said slowly, “Dad, I have an idea that might help Charles’ legs.” 
Everyone focused their attention on him. 
Lance’s eyes lit up. He leaned forward. “Christopher! Tell me quickly!” 
“Bella has another identity as an outstanding surgeon. She recently performed an extremely 
challenging brain surgery for Justin Salvador. She’s known as Dr. Brown in the medical field.” 
James suddenly raised his head, staring coldly at Christopher’s calm face, and gritted his teeth. 
“Perhaps I could ask Bella if she’s willing to help. If a renowned surgeon like her could perform surgery 
on Charles, he might have a slim chance to regain movement,” Christopher suggested sincerely. 
“What!? Bella is also a surgeon? She did brain surgery for Justin, too? 
Is this real?” Lance felt that it was unbelievable. 
The girl he had watched grow up was noble and prestigious, but how could she have such exceptional 
medical skills? 
If it were true, an outstanding woman like Bella should be his daughter -in-law!
“Of course. I’m not the only one who knows. It’s just that Bella likes to keep a low profile.” 
“Great… That’s great!” 
Lance finally had a glimmer of hope. His gaze at Christopher turned from coldness to excitement and 
praise. “Christopher, come with me to Hatchbay tomorrow. We’ll plead for Bella to help Charles!” 
“Sure, Dad.” Christopher agreed readily. 
“Christopher, you’ve always been close to Bella. Even if she doesn’t care about me, she should agree 
to help for your sake, right?” Lance even spoke gently to this son he had always looked down upon. 
“She is a kind doctor. Even without me, I believe she would lend a helping hand.” Christopher smiled 
humbly. 
Lance flattered him, yet he did not act arrogant. Instead, he appeared modest. 
Lance nodded approvingly. James took in their interaction and gritted his teeth. 
After the family meeting, Christopher happily headed toward his room. 
“Stop.”
###chapter813
A cold and hostile voice came from behind. Christopher halted his steps and narrowed his eyes, turning 
around while yawning. 
“James, is there anything you need? It’s getting late. I’d like to rest.” 
“Christopher, you’re quite good at acting. Your plan to achieve two goals at once is also impressive.” 
James stepped forward, staring at him sharply. 
“Huh?” Christopher tilted his head as if he did not understand. 
“You orchestrated Charles’ accident, didn’t you?” James stopped beating around the bush and 
confronted him directly. 
“Huh?” Christopher continued to feign ignorance. 
“You sent someone to crash into his car, but you didn’t kill him. Instead, you crippled him.” 
James, being smart, had seen through Christopher’s vicious intentions. “Then, you presented an idea 
to Dad, recommending Ms. 
Bella, just so you could have his approval and show your capability to share his burden. Christopher, 
you’re indeed a cunning monster!” 
Christopher’s long fingers adjusted his glasses. He raised his chin slightly and suddenly burst into 
laughter. 
His laughter echoed through the empty hallway, making James feel a chill crawling down his spine.
“James, how could you be the Iverson Group’s chairman? With your story-writing skills, you’d flourish 
as a writer. You wouldn’t have been suppressed by Justin and Asher in the business field for so many 
years!” Christopher clutched his chest and laughed. 
James gritted his teeth. “Christopher!” 
“What does Charles’ accident have to do with me? If you insist, then there’s nothing I could do or say.” 
After that, Christopher turned around and left. 
James pulled out his phone with a gloomy gaze and pressed on the screen, ending the recording. 
Back in his room, Christopher took off his coat and had a bath. Then he sat on the sofa with a glass of 
red wine. 
How delightful. 
Sometimes, making someone wish that they were dead was more exhilarating than actually killing 
them. 
Someone knocked on the door. Taylor walked in and locked the door behind him. 
“Mr. Christopher, you’re looking for me?” 
“Did you handle everything properly?” Christopher sipped on his wine. 
“Yes. The truck driver will take all the blame. He will not utter a word about the truth.” 
“Good. Tomorrow, I’ll go to Hatchbay with Lance to convince Bella to treat Charles.” 
“Huh? Why? How did Chairman Iverson know…?”
“It was my suggestion.” 
Taylor was shocked. “Mr. Christopher, why do you want to save Charles? What if Ms. Bella really is that 
good of a surgeon and heals him?” 
“How is that possible? She’s a surgeon, not a god.” Christopher mockingly laughed. 
He had personally crippled Charles’ legs, and his bones were so shattered that it was impossible to 
piece them back together. 
“proposed it, putting aside my past grievances to save Charles. 
Lance will remember my kindness. Even if Bella can’t heal him, Lance will be grateful to me.” 
“Smart!” Taylor was enlightened. 
“So what if he’s Lance’s beloved son?” 
Christopher stood up and went to the window, swaying his glass. His gaze was darker than the night. 
“Wyatt would never marry his daughter to a cripple.” 
“In the end, I will become Lance’s only hope.”
###chapter814
Lance, desperate to save his son, immediately dialed Wyatt that night to confirm that he and Bella were 
home. The next day, he rushed to 
Hatchbay with Christopher. 
“Wyatt! Wyatt! Please save my son!” 
Lance cried out anxiously as soon as he stepped into the house, abandoning his image in front of his 
old friend. 
Wyatt and Mila greeted him immediately. 
Looking at Lance’s disheveled and haggard appearance, Wyatt secretly chuckled. 
This old geezer had tried to compete in handsomeness with him for a lifetime. He finally could not hold 
up his image! 
“Chairman Iverson, what happened to you?” Mila was shocked to see him in such a distraught state. 
Lance strode toward them, but due to his age, his footsteps were shaky. 
He tripped, lunged forward, and bowed to Wyatt and Mila. 
Wyatt and Mila were speechless while Lance rubbed his aching muscles. 
“Dad! Are you alright?” Christopher quickly helped Lance up, trying to suppress his laughter. 
This old man’s love for his second son, Charles, was indeed
###chapter815
At this moment, Charles was still unconscious. He should have awakened by now, but the doctor was 
afraid he could not handle the shock and increased his dosage of anesthesia. 
An hour later, Bella came out with the hospital director and two other surgeons, looking solemn. 
“Bella, how’s Charles’ condition?” Lance immediately went forward. 
The other Iverson family members, secretaries, and bodyguards surrounded her. 
Bella frowned and said, after a moment of silence, “Uncle Lance, I’m not optimistic about Charles’ legs. 
His fracture was severe, and it’s challenging to even connect the bones with metal nails, given the 
extent of comminution. The chance for a full recovery is zero, and the probability of him standing up 
again is not even 20%.” 
The Iversons were shocked. 
Fortunately, Astrid and James were holding Lance, or the old man would have probably fainted on the 
spot. 
Only Christopher leaned against the wall in a corner that nobody paid attention to. His glasses reflected 
a cold light as he curled his lips. 
“Ms. Bella! Even if there’s only a one percent chance, please save my brother!” James spoke 
anxiously. 
“Of course. Since I’m here, I’ll do my best.” 
Bella’s eyes shone with hesitation.
Lance sensed that she wanted to say something. He asked nervously, 
“Bella, if you have anything to say, just say it!” 
“Uncle Lance, are you sure Charles’ legs were crushed in the accident?” 
Bella’s serious question left the Iversons shocked. 
Only two people were calm with unfathomable looks. They were James and Christopher. 
“Bella, what do you mean?” Lance questioned. 
“I’ve treated countless fracture patients. With my experience, I could determine the cause of the injury 
through an examination. I could even guess what caused it.” 
Bella halted, lowering her voice. “I don’t think this is from a car accident. There are signs of foul play. 
He might’ve been beaten by a heavy like a metal bar.” 
As her words fell, Christopher’s gaze darkened, and his face turned as pale as snow. 
“Ms. Bella, do you mean that someone attacked my brother after his car crashed?” 
James glanced in Christopher’s direction, pretending to be worried. “If so, it seems that Charles’ 
accident was also intentional, right?” 
Intentional?! 
The crowd was shocked. 
“Dad! Look! I’ve said it’s weird that Charles suddenly got into a car crash. I was right!” Astrid yelled 
angrily.
Lance’s eyes widened as his expression sank. 
“I don’t know if someone intentionally caused the crash. I’m only stating some problems I noticed as a 
doctor. An hour later, I will perform surgery on Charles. It will be a long process, so you don’t need to 
wait here, Uncle Lance. Go home or rest at the KS World Hotel since it’s near. When the surgery is 
finished, I will inform you immediately,” Bella suggested considerately. 
“I’m not tired. I will wait here!” 
Lance was increasingly favorable to his future daughter-in-law. 
No matter what, he would make Bella marry into the Iverson family! 
The surgery was longer than expected, starting from 1:00 p.m. and continuing until 9:00 p.m. 
Finally, the lights in the operating room went out. 
Bella walked out with the help of an assistant. After standing for several hours, her surgical gown had 
been drenched in sweat, and she had used countless towels to wipe her sweat. Her legs were even 
trembling. 
Fortunately, her young body was able to withstand it. 
“Bella!” 
Christopher was the first to rush to her side, gently supporting her weak body. “You’ve worked hard. 
You must be exhausted.” 
“I’m alright. The surgery is most important…” 
Bella suddenly felt her head spin. Her body trembled, and she could not stand steadily.
“Bella, be careful!” Afraid that she would collapse, Christopher put his arms around her waist, holding 
her in place.
###chapter816
When the Iversons saw this scene, they looked at each other with a knowing gaze. 
Bella seemed intimate with Christopher. Perhaps they should expect good news from them soon. 
However, Christopher’s status in the Iverson family did not seem to match Bella’s status. 
“I’m fine.” Bella took a deep breath and gently freed herself from Christopher’s arms. She did not want 
to give the wrong impression in front of so many people. 
Christopher’s hands awkwardly hung in the air as his fingers curled inward stiffly. 
At this moment, Lance rushed over, followed by his secretary and others. 
“Bella, what’s the situation?” 
“Uncle Lance, I’ve done all I could.” 
Bella wiped off the beads of sweat on her forehead and panted helplessly. “Charles’ legs were 
damaged too severely. I could only save his left leg.” 
“What about the right leg?!” 
“We had to amputate it.” 
Her words struck Lance like lightning and left him in the darkness. 
“It’s okay, child. 1, know you did your best. At least we were able to save one of his legs. Your 
contribution is invaluable.”
“Also, Charles woke up when the surgery was nearing its end. He said someone broke his leg.” Bella 
did not hide this detail from them. 
Lance was stunned, quickly questioning, “Who?! Who did it?” 
“You’ll have to ask Charles for the specifics after he’s stabilized.” 
Bella’s surgical skills were superb, and the surgery was considered smooth. The news that she 
managed to salvage one of Charles’ legs quickly spread throughout the hospital. It was nothing short of 
a miracle. 
Charles was moved to a VIP ward, and his family went in to accompany him, except for Christopher. 
He sat with Bella on the bench outside, giving her a cup of coffee. 
“Bella, you must be thirsty. Have this coffee.” 
“Thank you.” Bella took it and glanded at Christopher, her tired eyes hiding inexplicable emotions. 
“I should be thanking you. Thank you for saving my brother’s leg. 
Although he would face inconvenience moving around, it’s much better to use prosthetics than sit in a 
wheelchair for the rest of his life.” Christopher’s expression was sincere. 
“Chris.” Bella suddenly asked calmly “Did you do it?” 
Christopher’s heart skipped a beat. “What?” 
“Nothing.” 
Bella stopped pursuing further and stood up slowly. “I’m hungry. I’m gonna get something to eat.” 
“I’ll go with you.”
Naturally, Christopher could not leave her alone and stood up with her. 
Suddenly, Bella rubbed her temples, feeling her vision blacking out with a slight nausea. Her body 
shook, about to fall. 
As she did not eat much the whole day, Bella nearly fainted. 
Fortunately, Christopher reacted quickly and grabbed her weak body the moment she fell backward. 
“Bella…” 
“Anna?!” 
Bella narrowed her eyes when she heard the familiar and friendly voice calling out to her. She turned 
her head slowly. 
The next second, a chill ran down her spine. 
Not far away, Nigel looked stunned, appearing before her eyes whil sitting in a wheelchair. 
The man pushing the wheelchair was tall and broad, looking at her with a cold gaze. 
It was Justin.
###chapter817
The spacious hallway suddenly became quiet and oppressive. Seeing Bella in Christopher’s arms, 
leaning softly into his embrace, Justin felt a pang of pain in his heart. His eyes reddened. 
In the days without him, their relationship seemed to have progressed rapidly. 
Justin felt increasingly bitter as he thought about it. He lowered his eyes and stopped looking at Bella, 
gripping the handles of Nigel’s wheelchair tightly. 
“Bella, you’ve just finished an extremely tough surgery. You’re exhausted and need to rest now.” 
Christopher was aware of Nigel and Justin, but he did not avoid them, keeping his focus on Bella. He 
looked at her affectionately. “I’ll send you home.” 
“Grandpa Nigel?” 
Bella ignored Christopher’s gentle advances and walked toward Nig with a worried face. She kneeled 
on one knee and held his wrinkly hands. “Grandpa Nigel, why did you come to the hospital? Is there 
something wrong with your health?” 
Justin pursed his lips, feeling bitter. A man of his size stood here, but 
Bella acted as if she could not see him at all. It looked like she only had eyes for Christopher. 
“Child, I’m fine. It’s a chronic illness. My heart was aching, so Justin insisted on bringing me to the 
hospital this late at night.” Nigel still looked at Bella dotingly. 
“Grandpa Nigel, you can’t neglect your health. You need to listen to me and undergo regular check- 
ups.” Bella was still worried.
“Anna, is this…” Nigel scrutinized Christopher with a meaningful gaze. 
“Old Master Nigel, I’m Christopher Iverson.” Christopher stepped forward and bowed politely. 
“Oh, I remember you. I saw you at Celeste’s birthday banquet. You are Chairman Iverson’s youngest 
son.” Nigel praised out of courtesy,” You look handsome and talented!” 
Nigel thought about how close Christopher looked to Bella just now and felt displeased. They probably 
had a special relationship. 
Moreover, Nigel was sensitive enough to notice the tension between Bella and Justin. They looked 
even more awkward than they did when they had just divorced. 
What should he do? 
Nigel wanted to pull Bella aside for a chat when a sharp voice sounded. 
“Grandpa, how are you feeling?” 
Bella raised her eyes and saw Zoe running toward them like a gush of wind, only wearing her pajamas. 
Two bodyguards followed closely behind her but did not dare to get too close. 
Nigel’s mouth twitched when he saw Zoe, and he glared at Justin fiercely. 
Justin’s brows furrowed, and he looked at Zoe coldly. “Why did you come?” 
“I heard that Grandpa was sick, so I couldn’t fall asleep and sneaked out to visit Grandpa.” 
Zoe’s cheeks were red as she spoke. Her messy hair, pajamas, and slippers proved how worried she 
was about Nigel.
“Miss, are you Ryan’s sister?” Nigel asked with a smile that did not reach his eyes. 
“Yes, Grandpa. I’m Zoe.” Zoe intertwined her fingers nervously and blushed. 
It was her first time meeting Nigel. In the future, she would marry into the Salvador family, and her 
current appearance was indeed inappropriate. 
However, she thought this anxious look would highlight her concern for Nigel, making it less significant 
to care about her attire. 
“Ms. Hoffman…” 
“Grandpa, just call me Zoe.”
###chapter818
Zoe bent down, putting on an attentive expression. “Justin and I will stay by your side tonight. If you’re 
hospitalized, I will stay with you at the hospital, no matter how many days!” 
Justin frowned deeper, looking displeased. 
Bella noticed his expression. This rascal was different from the other big shots in the sense that he 
wore his dislike for someone on his face. With his bad temper and low emotional intelligence, Justin 
could only achieve success through sheer capability. 
When she first married Justin, he showed her this unpleasant expression every day. 
Was he unsatisfied with Zoe? 
Bella turned her gaze away, not bothering to take another glance at him. 
Even if he was unsatisfied now, he must have been satisfied when he knocked on Zoe’s hotel room 
door. 
“Ms. Hoffman, I’ve undergone an examination, and it’s nothing big. I can go home now.” 
Nigel even called Ryan by name, but he addressed Zoe as “Ms. 
Hoffman,” showing his indifference. “Ms. Hoffman, do you want to accompany me to the hospital every 
day? It seems like you wish I’d never leave the hospital.” 
He seemed to be joking, but in Zoe’s ears, it sounded sarcastic. She felt embarrassed. 
She had heard Bethany complain about her grandfather long ago, saying that he was a foolish old 
geezer. Instead of doting on his own granddaughter, Nigel treated Bella like the apple of his eye. He
disagreed with Bella and Justin’s divorce and even gave Bella their family heirloom. 
Fortunately, Rosalind smashed the family heirloom. 
That bitch ultimately did one good thing before she disappeared for good. 
“No, Grandpa, I didn’t mean that.” Zoe panicked and cast a pitiful glance at Justin. 
Justin did not even look at her in the eye, cutting off all the signals Zoe sent him. 
“Ms. Hoffman, thanks for your concern, but it’s enough that Justin and Bella are here for me. It’s late 
and unsafe for a lady like you to roam around outside. I saw your bodyguards with you, so get them to 
send you home.” Nigel’s attitude was gentle, not holding a grudge against a young girl. 
However, Zoe’s expression turned ashen. She looked pissed off. 
This old geezer did not accept her goodwill or even offer to let Just send her home. He was clearly 
telling her to leave the way she came How evil! 
She swore to send this old geezer to a nursing home the moment she married into the Salvador family. 
Then, she would bribe the caregivers to mistreat him, not letting him eat or drink! 
“Anna! Anna, come here!” Nigel’s expression changed, and he waved at Bella happily, ignoring Zoe. 
“Yes, Grandpa Nigel.” 
Bella resented Justin, but she did not want to make Nigel unhappy, so she walked to him obediently.
Looking at how the usually swift and decisive woman walked toward Nigel obediently, Justin thought 
about the time he had just married her three years ago. 
A soft part of his heart was moved. 
Once upon a time, she liked everything about him, but he did not know his own feelings and was bad at 
expressing them. 
But so what? 
Behind Justin’s dark gaze was a man laden with scars. 
“Anna, will you come home with me and Justin? Stay at Crescent Bay tonight.” 
Nigel softly stroked Bella’s hair. Afraid that she would feel res he added, “My house is big and has 
many rooms. You can live room next to mine.”
###chapter819
“I’ll make this rascal cook you breakfast tomorrow and prepare your 
bath tonight! Matt can take a rest for two days, so Justin will handle 
all the household chores!” 
Justin pursed his lips, his brows twitching. 
He could prepare her bathwater, but cooking? Nigel must have 
thought he had too much time to live. 
“Grandpa Nigel, I…” Bella hesitated, her eyes flickering. 
Just as she tried to form her words, Christopher suddenly stepped 
forward. His lips curled up, forming a gentle smile that the older generation would love. “Old Master Nigel, I’m afraid Bella can’t 
accompany you tonight.” 
“Why?” Nigel frowned. 
Christopher sighed, looking at Bella’s weary face with affection and distress. “Bella performed a challenging surgery on my brother today 
and stood for almost ten hours. She was exhausted and almost 
fainted when she came out of the operating room.”
“What?!” Nigel was stunned and leaned forward. 
Justin was also shocked, his heart twisting. 
How unreasonable and unbelievable! A mix of emotions made 
Justin’s gaze complicated. 
It turned out that she had just performed a major surgery. No wonder 
she looked tired. Her complexion was not great either, as if she were 
sick. 
Justin’s jaw stiffened, and his lips slowly parted. 
He wanted to say something, but his words were stuck in his throat, 
and he could not get them out. 
What was he feeling awkward about? Why was he hesitating? 
“So I’m going to bring Bella home now. My house is further down the road from Bella’s villa, so we’ll go together.” 
Christopher hovered his arms around Bella’s shoulder without directly touching her, showing his gentlemanly side in front of the Salvadors.” Old Master Nigel, I know you like Bella and care about her. But Bella divorced Justin. Even an outsider like me thinks it’s inappropriate for her to live in your house under the same roof as Justin. If you really care about Bella, you should’ve considered her feelings a bit more.”
His words were humble and calm, but they lit a fire in Nigel’s heart Even Justin’s eyes were filled with anger. 
How dare this brat speak to him like this? How dare he be so 
arrogant?! 
Justin frowned and was about to retort with a cold face when Bella said, “Chris, Grandpa Nigel is my family. Everything he does is for my sake. Don’t say such words again.” 
“Oh! Old Master Nigel! I didn’t expect to meet you here. What a 
coincidence!” 
The crowd glanced at the source of the voice. It was Lance, hurrying 
toward them with his secretary. 
A trace of surprise flashed across Bella’s eyes. 
Chairman Iverson was just crying over his beloved son becoming disabled not long ago, yet here he is now, talking and laughing like a 
different person. 
Bella could understand it. After all, the Salvadors and Iversons were 
business rivals, so Lance would never show his fragile side in front of 
his enemy.
“Lance, I heard about Charles’ accident. Is he okay?” Nigel asked with 
concern. 
“Charles got into a car crash. At first, his situation was not 
optimistic.” 
Lance turned around and looked at Bella gratefully. “But Bella’s magical hands had helped Charles through his hardship! Others may not know how to cherish her, but that’s not something I can do anything about. Bella is a lucky star for the Iverson family! I’m good. friends with Wyatt, so I naturally treat Bella as my own daughter!”
###chapter820
Everyone present could sense the hidden edge in his words. 
Lance had long found out that Bella had divorced once, and her 
former husband was Justin. 
At that time, he indignantly thought that it was such a pity. 
It was ridiculous enough for Bella to marry a Salvador, and to make things worse, Justin was an illegitimate son. She was undermining herself. Lance thought that his sons, even Christopher, would still be 
a better candidate than Justin. 
“Uncle Lance, are you thirsty? I’ll treat you to coffee.” Bella’s expression was a little awkward after hearing Lance’s words. 
She knew Lance had a good relationship with Wyatt, but he did not need to say such words to Grandpa Nigel. 
“Bella, I’m not thirsty! I haven’t showered you with enough praise!” 
Lance was oblivious to Bella’s intentions. 
Bella was speechless, while Zoe gritted her teeth in resentment with a 
gloomy face.
Why did all the big shots in Savrow have to dance in this wretched woman’s palm? Were all the other women in this world dead? 
Justin stared at Bella sharply, his heart hurting as much as how cold 
his gaze was. 
“Your own daughter? Lance, I guess you really like daughters. One 
daughter isn’t enough for you. You even want to acknowledge 
another one, huh?” 
 
Nigel did not let go of the loophole in Lance’s words. “It’s different for 
1. I want a granddaughter-in-law, and it could only be Bella. Anyone 
else can dream on!” 
Bella was shocked. 
Christopher smiled, but his hands, placed behind Bella, curled into 
fists. He was filled with discontent. 
Zoe felt a buzz in her head. An overwhelming sense of humiliation 
and embarrassment tugged at her heart. 
She should not have come tonight. She should have hidden at home
and waited for her mother and grandfather to settle things for her by 
forcing Justin to marry her. 
If she took action, it would only bring humiliation and shame. 
Lance’s smile froze, and he wanted to retort, but Justin stepped in at 
this moment. 
“Grandpa, I’ve divorced Ms. Thompson for half a year. She has moved 
1. Your actions will put her in a difficult spot.” 
The hallway suddenly became quiet. 
Bell? felt a dull throb in her heart, but she smiled in relief. 
There was nothing to regret. It was not the first time Justin had given 
up on her. 
All the vows a man made to a woman were lies. How many men 
could pursue the same woman for a lifetime? How many men could 
love the same woman for a lifetime? 
Not even Wyatt could do it.
Bella thought of her filthy-rich father who had a love history that 
would put King Henry VIII to shame. 
“Brat! What nonsense are you saying?” Nigel glared at his grandson, forcing the words out of his teeth. 
If not for the crowd around them, he would have gotten up to slap 
Justin! 
“Mr. Salvador, it seems that you have moved on as well. Moving forward would be the best ending for Bella and Justin. Isn’t that right, Old Master Nigel?” Christopher chuckled.
###chapter821
In the end, Lance arranged for Christopher to send Bella home.. 
Justin pushed Nigel’s wheelchair and headed toward the parking lot, while Zoe followed closely behind like an annoying pest. 
“How long are you going to follow me?” Justin suddenly halted and 
asked without turning around. 
Caught off guard, Zoe almost bumped into Justin’s back and stumbled awkwardly. 
“Justin, I want to accompany you in sending Grandpa home.” 
Zoe acted pitifully. “Grandpa was just discharged from the hospital, so he must need someone to take care of him. I want to help you…” 
“Help? What can you do?” Justin asked bluntly. 
Zoe was at a loss for words. 
“I watched as you grew up. I know how much your mother and Ryan spoil you. You never did any household chores, so what can you do?” Justin spoke coldly without considering Zoe’s feelings. 
“Justin, I…” 
“You know who Grandpa needs right now.” 
Thinking of Bella, Justin felt his heart tighten, and he lowered his eyes. “If you have this intention, you should go home and take care of Old Master Logan instead.”
After that, Justin, left with Nigel. Zoe was left behind. Her face flushed 
with embarrassment. 
On the way home, Justin and Nigel sat in the back row as the driver 
drove. 
The car was warm, but Nigel’s cold face made the people in the car 
feel as if they were in an icy cave. 
Justin knew his grandfather was furious. 
However, it was an undeniable fact that he had divorced Bella, and 
the rift between them was unsolvable. 
Justin pursued Bella with everything he had, even putting his life on the line, but he could not get a single bit of trust from her in return. 
He was not afraid of one-sided devotion, but he feared that she had 
never trusted him. 
When they reached Crescent Bay, Justin got out of the car and prepared the wheelchair with Matt, intending to help Nigel into it. 
“I’m not using the wheelchair. I’m not crippled, so why do I need one?” 
Nigel pulled Justin to the side irritatedly and said, “Matt, get me my walking cane.” 
Soon, Matt came with Nigel’s walking cane.
Nigel took it and pursed his dry lips, hitting Justin’s back with the 
cane without hesitation! 
Matt was shocked. 
With a loud bang, Justin felt a dull pain spreading from his back, and 
he frowned deeply. 
“Ungrateful brat! Why are you even alive? Why don’t you just die?” 
Nigel yelled at Justin angrily and hit him again. “Anna is such a good woman! Your relationship has finally eased a little. Why did you say those words? Why are you pushing her away? Have you lost your 
mind?”? 
Justin’s handsome face looked lonely under the moonlight. He gritted his teeth as he endured Nigel’s beating. 
“Are you so blind that you couldn’t see that Christopher is fond of 
Bella? Can’t you see how close they’ve become now? Can’t you see 
that Lance wants Bella to be his daughter-in-law?” 
Nigel reprimanded Justin. “You have a scandal with that Hoffman girl now. Even if you’re framed, you must do your best to explain it to 
Anna and express your sincerity!”
###chapter822
“This situation is when you need to grab hold of Anna! No matter 
what the outsiders say or what the Hoffman family’s intentions are, you shouldn’t let go of her hand!” 
Justin thought, ‘Grandpa, do you think I want this? Do you think I’m 
willing to watch as she grows closer to Christopher, but I can’t do 
anything?” 
“Grandpa, I’ve said what I said. You can hit me if you want. 
Justin clenched his fists tightly, his eyes red. “After you’re done hitting and scolding me, please rest early. Then, let go of everything 
between me and Anna.” 
“Let go… Are you asking me to let go?! What will you do? Are you 
going to marry that fake girl from the Hoffman family?” Nigel’s head 
buzzed angrily, and he only managed to stand with Matt’s assistance. 
“Must I get married? I’ve been married once, and that’s enough. I can remain single for the rest of my life. I have no interest in having 
children. I don’t like them.” 
Justin did not know why, but when he said these words, he felt as if
he was prickling his heart with a needle. 
It was not that he disliked children; f he could not have children with 
the woman he loved, there was no meaning to it. 
If the child was not an outcome of their love, he could not guarantee that he would dedicate himself fully to raising and loving the child. It would not be fair to the child either. 
“Why should I let go of such a good woman? Unless I’m dead, Anna 
will always be my family and my only granddaughter-in-law!” 
Nigel’s eyes reddened, and he knocked his cane on the ground 
indignantly. “Perhaps to you, Anna is just a woman you like, but to 
me, she is not only my granddaughter, she is also my savior! On 
Christmas night two years ago, if not for Anna accompanying me and sending me to the hospital in time, you wouldn’t have a grandfather 
now!” 
Justin’s gaze was solemn. “I know your injuries were severe in that 
accident. If not for Bella…” 
“You only knew that she sent me to the hospital. Did you know how 
badly hurt she was?!” 
Nigel’s tears welled up in his eyes. “I was unconscious, and all of you
were stuck overseas, unable to rush back in time. Only Anna and Matt 
were by my side! I didn’t even know that Anna was so badly injured at 
that time! Her head was cut open, covered in blood. She repeatedly 
told Matt not to let us know, afraid we would be worried!” 
Justin’s pupils shrank. 
Listening to Nigel’s words, Justin felt his heart throb as if it would 
break into pieces with a slight touch 
Matt recalled the past and lowered his head in sadness. This secret in 
his heart had almost suffocated him. 
However, he was a professional secretary who was tight-lipped. No 
matter what Nigel or Bella asked from him, he would not reveal a 
single word until the day he died. 
“Grandpa, is this true?” Justin stood there, stunned, as if he were 
struck by lightning. 
“Why would I need to make up a story to lie to you at this point?”
Nigel could not stand anymore due to his agitated emotions. He 
finally sat on the wheelchair and said, “The sacrifices Anna made for 
you were much more than you could ever imagine. But you were 
manipulated by Rosalind and could not see the truth. You owe Annal 
so much that you could never repay her in this lifetime. Even if she 
resents you forever, you did this to yourself, and you have to bear with 
it!” 
After that, Nigel pushed his wheelchair forward without looking back. 
“Old Master Nigel! Let me help you,” Matt said anxiously. 
“There’s no need! I’m in a bad mood. Don’t bother me!” 
Ice seemed to form in the air, freezing Justin’s blood and breath. 
“Uncle Matt, you saw what happened. Grandpa wouldn’t want to see 
me.” 
Justin’s throat was dry, and his voice sounded hoarse. “I will spend 
the night at a hotel near Crescent Bay tonight. If anything happens with Grandpa, call me immediately, and I will rush over. I won’t stay 
here and make him mad. I’ll leave first.”
###chapter823
“Young Master Justin! Wait!” Matt called out to him anxiously. 
“Is there anything else, Uncle Matt?” 
“Is there really no possibility between you and Ms. Thompson 
anymore?” 
Justin felt a stab in his heart. “I don’t know.” 
“There’s still something you don’t know about Ms. Thompson.” Matt 
clenched his fists, holding his words back. 
Justin turned his gaze slowly, looking at Matt with surprise. “What is 
it?” 
“Ms. Thompson swore me to secrecy. I promised her that I wouldn’t 
say it.” 
Matt was in a difficult position. “But I hope that Ms. Thompson will 
tell you about it one day.” 
His words aroused Justin’s strong sense of curiosity. 
Bella hid her identity as the Thompson family’s precious daughter and
devoted herself to him. She loved him for 13 years. These secrets had 
already shaken his soul. 
What else was she hiding from him? 
Would they be even more unbelievable than those? 
3 
Two days after the amputation surgery, Charles woke up. 
Bella reached the hospital early in the morning. She did not abandon 
Charles after the surgery. After all, Lance had entrusted her, and she 
had the responsibility to follow up on the postoperative treatments. 
She went with two other surgeons. She carefully touched Charles’ 
reconnected left leg. His right leg had become a prosthetic. 
“My leg… My leg…” 
Charles cried out bleakly with a pale face, unable to shed any more 
tears. “I’m done for. My life is over!” 
“Mr. Charles, I hope you can be grateful.” 
.? 
Bella wore a mask and only revealed her eyes. “You saved a leg.
That’s already luckier than many people in the world.” 
“Someone did this to me! It was Christopher!” Charles’ face suddenly 
twisted, and he grabbed Bella’s hand. 
Bella was shocked. Subconsciously, she turned around and looked at 
the other two doctors. Fortunately, they were quite far from the bed, and Charles’ murmurs made it hard for them to hear anything. 
Bella asked them to leave and shut the door. She asked Charles 
seriously, “Mr. Charles, when I performed the surgery, you were under anesthesia when you said that Christopher wanted to kill you. What evidence do you have?” 
Charles’ face was ashen, his body trembling violently. 
When he recalled the accident that hight, he looked so terrified, as if 
he had seen a ghost! 
“After 
my car flipped over, the driver died on the spot, but my 
secretary was still alive… I was trapped under the car and couldn’t move. But I remember clearly that my legs weren’t broken! It could 
still move!”
Bella frowned. “And then?” 
“Then… I saw a black vehicle approaching slowly. A man wearing a cap and a mask came down. That figure and those eyes… I wouldn’t 
mistake it. It was Christopher!” 
Charles’ eyes widened with terror. “He walked over with a metal rod and beat my secretary to death right in front of me!” 
Bella’s heart skipped a beat. 
“Then he raised the metal rod high and swung it at my legs! I 
screamed in pain and lost consciousness after that. I don’t know what happened after…”
###chapter824
Bella found it unbelievable after hearing the story. 
Christopher had always been gentle and graceful. How could he do something so vicious? He could have hired someone to handle it if he 
wanted to deal with Charles. With Christopher’s status, why would he 
need to do it himself? 
Bella steadied herself and said seriously, “Mr. Charles, this is not a 
small matter. You need evidence. Furthermore, you should tell this to 
Uncle Lance and the police, not me.” 
“Ms. Thompson, you saved me. You’re my savior! How heartless 
must I be to watch you jump into a hellhole?” 
Charles’ gaze was anxious and sincere. “I know Charles is pursuing 
you, and you are quite close with him. I’m afraid you couldn’t see his 
true colors and were deceived by him! That brat has been psych 
since he was young! That gentleman’s act is only his disguise. In 
he’s a wolf in sheep’s clothing! He is only pursuing you to use family background to his advantage. He doesn’t really care about
you!” 
Even though Christopher was not a good man, Charles was not muc 
different. After all, he was the mastermind behind the accident at the 
racecourse. 
Charles knew Christopher wanted to avenge Bella, and his psychotic 
nature made him handle things himself to gain satisfaction. 
Now that Charles was disabled, he was certain that his marriage to 
Bella was off the table. 
Since he could not have her, that scoundrel would not have it easy 
either. Charles wanted to tear his disguise apart. 
Walking out of the ward, Bella seemed deep in thought. 
The Iversons gathered at the door, stepping forward to ask her about the situation. She answered earnestly, but her eyes flickered, showing 
that her mind was somewhere else. 
At this moment, Bella noticed Christopher standing in the corner. 
She pursed her lips and walked toward him. 
“Bella, thanks for your hard work.” Christopher straightened his back, which was leaning against the wall, and smiled at her.
He was as warm as the sun, not at all like the vicious monster in 
Charles’ description. 
“Chris, can I talk to you alone?” Bella’s tone was natural, but her 
expression was solemn. 
“Sure.” 
Watching them leave, Lance nodded in satisfaction. 
“James, do you also think Christopher and Bella look like a good 
match?” 
James asked in a low voice, “Dad, are you really giving up on Charles?” 
“With the current situation, is it still possible to let Bella marry 
Charles?” 
Lance glanced at Christopher’s back with a meaningful gaze. “They were 
childhood friends, which makes them closer. If they could make 
it work, that wouldn’t be bad. Although I’m dissatisfied with 
Christopher, he’s still my son.” 
James’ face darkened behind Lance when he heard this.
In a cafe across the street from the hospital, Bella and Christopher sat facing each other. Christopher considerately ordered a strawberry 
shortcake for Bella, afraid she would be hungry from working all 
morning. 
“Dig in. You’ve always had a good appetite, and you love 
strawberries.” 
“Chris, do you consider me a friend?” Bella suddenly interrupted. 
Christopher’s eyelashes fluttered. “Of course. Apart from my mother, you are the person I cherish the most.” 
“Then I want to hear the truth from you.” 
Bella took a deep breath. “Do you have anything to do with Charles’ 
accident?” 
“Did Charles tell you that?” Christopher’s grip on his coffee cup 
tightened. 
“I this.” 
have my reasons for askin 
“If I say no, would you believe me?”
Christopher slowly raised his eyes, revealing a hint of sadness. “You 
asked so because you suspect me. You’re questioning my character. 
In your heart, am I less trustworthy than Charles?” 
Bella looked at him in a daze. 
At this moment, she thought of Justin. That man had once 
hysterically questioned her, “Why won’t you give me a little trust?”
###chapter825
“Charles lost a leg. He wouldn’t go to that extent to frame you.” 
“Charles is merely James’ tool. He did many dirty things for James 
and made enemies in Savrow. There are many people who might 
target him.” 
Christopher gritted his teeth. “Moreover, he deserved what he got 
today.” 
He then told Bella about the truth behind the racecourse accident. 
“If anyone had malicious intentions, it’d be Charles!” 
Bella stared at him without a word. 
“Bella, I’ve never taken the Iverson family seriously. If I wanted to deal 
with them, it wouldn’t be with such a vulgar method. It’s not my style.” 
Christopher straightened his back and drank a sip of coffee, his 
movements graceful and proud. 
Over the past 15 years, Christopher has long since abandoned his 
conscience to survive in Sentania with his mother. He got used to a
performative personality and lied without blinking an eyelash. 
Even though he was facing the woman he loved, he could still 
instinctively lie to her time and time again. 
There was kindness in lies. 
Christopher believed that his lies to Bella were out of good intentions 
and were also a manifestation of his love. 
Bella fixed her sharp gaze on him. Her eyes were clear and bright, 
making even someone mentally strong and vicious like Christopher feel a slight unease in his heart. 
“Chris, I like people who are kind and upright. It’s not that I don’t trust you, but I hope that no matter what happens, you can maintain a pure. 
and kind heart, just like when you were a child.” 
Christopher’s fingers curled on the table. He felt a throb of pain in his 
heart, and it spread throughout his veins with a sense of shame. 
His mouth twitched, and he took a big bite of the cake, chewing 
forcefully. ‘Bella, just like my surging love for you, spilled water is 
difficult to retrieve. Some things can’t go back to the way they were.” 
After parting with Christopher, Bella felt a mix of emotions.
At this moment, Asher called her. She absentmindedly picked up the 
call. 
“Asher.” 
“Bella, Drew got what you wanted.” Asher smiled faintly. 
“What I wanted? What is it?” Bella was confused. 
“Arnold Larson.” 
Bella was shocked and almost spat out her drink. 
“To drag him back to Savrow, Drew spent quite a bit of effort. You 
must thank him well when you see him tonight.” 
“Drew will be back tonight? That’s great! I miss him so much!” Bella 
rubbed her eyes, her voice choking up. 
Asher sensed her emotions and said apologetically, “Ooops, I 
promised Drew to keep it a secret as he wanted to surprise you, but I let it slip because I was too happy.” 
“Asher, I don’t need surprises. I only want my family to be with me.” 
However, she knew it was hard. 
“Bella, are you at Savrow? At Charles’ hospital?”
“Yes.” 
“I’ll pick you up.” 
“There’s no need, Asher. I can’t go back yet.” 
“It’s not just my idea. Dad also wants you to come back.” 
Asher’s tone lowered. “Dad said you’ve already saved Charles’ left leg, 
We did all that we could. There’s no need to worry more about it. The 
Iverson family must be in chaos because of this incident. Although our families are close, we need to stay out of it. That’s why Dad asked me to pick you up.” 
Bella frowned. Back then, she kept in contact with the Salvador family due to Justin and Nigel. Also, it was so that she could scheme against Shannon and Bethany. However, Wyatt was not as cautious 
as with the Iverson family. 
It seemed like her father was dissatisfied with the Iverson family.
###chapter826
“Got it, Asher. You don’t need to pick me up. I’ll drive home by myself.” 
In Hatchbay, a black Maserati swiftly entered from the back gate of Yara Park after nightfall, skillfully drifting before coming to a stop in the yard. 
Drew got out of the car and hurried toward Asher, who had been waiting for him. They have not seen each other for six months. 
“Asher! I miss you!” 
“Me too.” 
Asher high-fived him and glanced at the tinted car window. “Is Mr. 
Larson in the car?” 
“Yeah,” Drew sneered. “He refused to stay put.” 
“Even the most difficult person would become obedient after meeting 
you.” 
Asher’s gentle eyes flashed with a hint of concern. “You didn’t hurt 
him, did you?” 
“Which aspect are you referring to? I didn’t hurt him physically. Does 
emotional harm count?”
Asher was speechless. 
Drew’s face suddenly twisted in pain. “Fuck! I need to pee. I need to 
rush to the bathroom! Asher, wait for me!” 
Before his words fell, Drew disappeared like a wisp of smoke. 
Asher shook his head exasperatedly “How did this brat spend all these years wandering outside? His bladder is worse than before.” 
After a while, Asher noticed some movement in the car, but it soon stopped. He was confused. Unable to suppress his curiosity, he 
approached the car. 
When he walked to the car, it seemed the man inside had heard his 
footsteps and struggled even harder 
Asher narrowed his eyes and pulled the door open. 
The next second, he was shocked! On the back seat, a man over six 
feet tall was lying horizontally, tightly bound and gagged. His mouth 
was taped, and he could only murmur in protest. 
He looked angry and pitiful. 
Was this man Arnold Larson?
Asher was taken aback. He quickly leaned down, supported his arm 
on the seat, and tore the tape from the man’s mouth. 
“Ugh…” 
Arnold panted heavily, gasping for breath. His beautiful and androgynous face was covered in a thin layer of sweat. 
His skin was soft and fair, like the finest porcelain, and his red lips 
were moist. He looked even more beautiful than a woman. 
However, what attracted Asher the most was the man’s delicate and 
watery eyes. He looked like a frightened animal. From the depths of his eyes, Asher could see a clean and transparent soul. No matter how long had passed, it still shook his mind and body. 
Their eyes met, and it was as if time had frozen at this moment. 
“Hey, why were you so rough with me? You hurt my face!” Arnold 
glared at Asher angrily, but his eyes were fixed on Asher’s handsome 
face, unable to turn away. 
“Sorry,” Asher admitted his mistake. 
“What are you waiting for? Untie me!”” 
Arnold kicked around. “My blood circulation is cut off! I’m going to
suffocate!” 
“No.” 
“What?!” 
“Wait for my brother.” 
Asher looked at him and smiled. “If you run away, I’m afraid I can’t 
catch you.”
###chapter827
Arnold’s fox-like eyes were red and watery, and he glared at Asher in 
utter shock. 
What was this man’s bizarre thought process? 
Arnold would have thought Asher was a monster if not for his 
handsome face. 
“Are you in cahoots with the guy who kidnapped me? Are you 
kidnappers?” Arnold questioned him in a trembling voice. 
“Mr. Larson, welcome to Savrow.” 
Asher narrowed his eyes and extended a hand to Arnold in a gentlemanly manner. “Let me introduce myself. I am the CEO of KS 
Group, Asher Thompson. Nice to meet you.” 
“KS Group…?” Arnold was taken aback. “My aunt is your… Are you… 
“It is what you think.” Asher curled his fingers and smiled apologetically. “After my brother unties you, we can shake hands 
properly.” 
“Asher!”
Drew hurried back, complaining as he walked, “The bathroom is too 
far. I almost peed my pants! What’s the use of this large mansion?” 
Asher frowned, feeling exasperated. 
No matter how large Yara Park was, it was only a cage for Drew. He 
was the same type of person as Bella. Both were birds yearning for 
os year 
the vast sky, hating 
Thinking of this, he started feeling sorry for Bella again. During the three years she married Justin, it must have felt like being in prison. 
“You!” When Arnold saw Drew, his face twisted in anger. 
Fortunately, he was good-looking, or it would be somewhat scary. 
Drew raised his brows, casually leaning his arm on the car door frame. He smirked playfully. “What did I say again? You can’t touch my hand or sit on my lap for free. The things you’ve enjoyed all came 
with a price tag!” 
, 
Asher’s eyes flickered. He needed some time to process this 
information. 
“Fuck you!”
Arnold spat at Drew. “How are you so shameless? You even sold your 
looks. Shameless!” 
Drew made a disgusted expression. “Do you think I want to? I am straight. I sacrificed so much for you! You even traumatized me. 
You’re terrifying.” 
“You!” Arnold was so mad that his face turned red. “How do you have 
the audacity to blame me?” 
Drew frowned. “Huh? Fuck! Are you asking for a beating?” 
Drew wanted to kick Arnold, but Asher stopped him. “Drew, Mr. 
Larson is Aunt Mila’s family and Bella’s guest. Don’t act rashly.” 
“Damn it… If not for Bella’s sake, I guarantee he won’t be able to see 
the daylight!” Drew gritted his teeth. 
Asher shook his face with a bitter smile, finally understanding why Drew gagged Arnold on the way home. 
He stepped forward and untied the ropes around Arnold’s hands and 
legs. 
He had never seen such fair skin on a man before. With the friction of the ropes, glaring red marks- surfaced on his smooth skin, inexplicably stirring an urge to protect him in Asher’s heart.
“Hiss. It hurts.” Arnold rubbed his wrists and frowned deeply. 
Drew snorted in disdain. “Tsk, what a sissy. Disgusting.” 
Asher calmly glanced at Arnold’s red and swollen ankles. “Can you stand up?” 
Arnold pursed his lips and slowly stood up. 
“Ah!”
###chapter828
Arnold’s legs were bound for several hours 
could Arnold stand up? 
so they were numb. How 
The next second, his body stumbled forward, and his arms gripped Asher’s broad shoulders as he fell into Asher’s embrace. 
Asher reacted quickly. Afraid that Arnold would fall, Asher naturally 
supported him. 
The two men looked like they were in a scene of a cheesy romance 
drama, stunning Drew, who was standing by the side. 
“I’m sorry.” Arnold’s face flushed. 
He was holding back his anger, but after Asher hugged him, his rage 
miraculously deflated. 
“Don’t say that. We should be the ones apologizing.” 
Arnold was stunned. His heart thumped loudly and rapidly. 
He admitted that he had been fooling around and indulging himself in 
handsome men, always wanting to tease them. His self-control was
worse when he was drunk. Otherwise, he would not have fallen into 
Drew’s trap. 
“What the fuck?! What’s going on?!” 
At this moment, Bella arrived with Axel and Steven. They were 
dumbfounded when they saw the scene before them. 
“Is the person in Mr. Asher’s arms a man or a woman?” Steven looked. 
confused. 
Axel yelled excitedly, “Wow! Could it be Asher’s lover?!” 
Bella was also shocked. She turned around and looked at them, 
speechless. “You guys should get your eyes checked when you’re free. That’s obviously a man!” 
Steven and Axel exclaimed, “A man?!” 
They looked carefully at Arnold. Indeed, he was a man, but his figure 
was slender, and he had an androgynous face. 
“Sigh, I was happy for nothing. I thought one of us brothers would finally be off the market.” 
Axel’s excitement disappeared, and he smacked his lips. “Why is 
Asher hugging a man so enthusiastically?” 
“Mr. Larson, you’ve had a tough journey.”
Bella smiled politely and walked toward them. “My brother may have 
been a little rude, so I would like to apologize on his behalf.” 
“Are you Bella, the one my aunt often mentions?” Arnold sounded 
willful, behaving like a princess in Asher’s arms. 
“Yes, I am Bella.” 
Bella’s expression remained unchanged as she smiled. “Mr, Larson, 
you must be hungry and tired. Why don’t you have a meal and then 
rest for the night? We can talk tomorrow.” 
“Ms. Bella, I’m warning you. This is kidnapping. I could sue you!” Arnold gritted his teeth, still full of resentment. 
“I know. We were at fault this time, and I apologize. To express our sincerity, I’ll get the CEO of KS Group to accompany you to dinner 
tonight.” 
Asher was speechless. 
Arnold’s eyes lost focus for a moment, and his throat bobbed. 
The crowd was stunned, for Bella did not think twice before selling off 
her brother!
###chapter829
In the living room, Bella hugged Drew tightly, and he returned the hug. If they were not siblings; others might mistake them for a newlywed couple enjoying their reunion. 
“Drew, you’ve worked hard this time,” Bella pouted. 
“It’s nothing. What’s hard about bringing someone back?” 
Drew rubbed her head, his eyes full of longing and tenderness. “As long as you’re happy, I could even kill him for you.” 
Steven broke into a cold sweat, and Axel almost spit out his tea! 
At this moment, Asher walked down the stairs. 
“He’s asleep.” 
“He must be exhausted. Let him rest. 
Bella sighed. “I was too anxious. This might backfire. If we piss off Arnold and he refuses to help, I can’t possibly force him by putting a 
knife to his neck.” 
“Bella, don’t worry.” Asher sat beside her and put his arms around her shoulder. “You have us. We exist to help you accomplish things you 
can’t do.”
“Yeah, Bella.” Axel also comforted her. “Please ask us to do something for you. We’re starting to feel a little irrelevant!” 
Bella’s lips trembled as she was moved to the point of tears. 
Sitting beside Bella, Asher took in her complicated emotions but said nothing. He merely took her hand gently, warming her up with his 
palms. 
“Ash, did you tell Aunt Mila and Wyatt about Arnold?” Bella asked 
lightly. 
Wyatt took Celeste abroad to one of their holiday villas in an attempt to cheer her up. Mila and Sasha went along, but they did not live together. Wyatt arranged for them to stay in another villa. 
Only the Thompson siblings were present in the spacious Yara Park. 
“I’ve called Aunt Mila.” 
Asher smiled. “Aunt Mila said we don’t need to treat him as a guest. We can deal with him as we see fit. If Bella is in need, she’ll forget about this nephew of hers to make Bella happy.” 
Bella could not help chuckling. She knew her three stepmothers cared 
a lot about her. 
“Hey, do you think Aunt Mila is disregarding her family for justice o outright disowning him?” Axel dropped his jaw in shock.
Drew reached into his black coat and fished out a cigarette, putting it in between his lips, looking cocky and handsome. “If it’s to help someone else, it’s for justice. Helping that bastard Justin would be 
the latter.” 
Everyone was speechless, but Bella’s eyelashes fluttered, and she 
only kept quiet.
###chapter830
“Hey, sis, what are you thinking? You look out of it.” 
Seeing Bella in a daze, Drew waved his hand in front of her eyes.. 
“Drew, I…” 
Thinking about the woman who looked like her, Bella wanted to say something, but she held back. 
“What is it, Bella? You’ve always been straightforward. Why are you hesitating now?” Drew asked in surprise. 
“Nothing. It’s nothing.” 
That was merely a woman Drew bumped into in Meridan. Even though Bella was suspicious, she could not investigate that woman, She could only start with Zoe. 
However, what was the point of an investigation? 
That day, in front of Nigel, Justin said that everything between them was over. They would go their own ways, and there was no possibility between them. 
So what was she hesitating and feeling lost about? 
Bella curled her lips and laughed coldly, picking up the cup in her hand and downing it in a gulp. 
How self-deprecating must she be to still long for a man who 
abandoned her twice? She should be relieved now that she did not repeat the same mistakes.
Sitting beside Bella, Asher took in her complicated emotions but said nothing. He merely took her hand gently, warming her up with his 
palms. 
“Ash, did you tell Aunt Mila and Wyatt about Arnold?” Bella asked 
lightly. 
Wyatt took Celeste abroad to one of their holiday villas in an attempt to cheer her up. Mila and Sasha went along, but they did not live together. Wyatt arranged for them to stay in another villa. 
Only the Thompson siblings were present in the spacious Yara Park. 
“I’ve called Aunt Mila.” 
Asher smiled. “Aunt Mila said we don’t need to treat him as a guest. We can deal with him as we see fit. If Bella is in need, she’ll forget about this nephew of hers to make Bella happy.” 
Bella could not help chuckling. She knew her three stepmothers cared a lot about her. 
“Hey, do you think Aunt Mila is disregarding her family for justice or outright disowning him?” Axel dropped his jaw in shock. 
Drew reached into his black coat and fished out a cigarette, putting it in between his lips, looking cocky and handsome, “If it’s to help someone else, it’s for justice. Helping that bastard Justin would be the latter.” 
Everyone was speechless, but Bella’s eyelashes fluttered, and she only kept quiet.
###chapter831
“Bella, there’s something I’m not sure if I should say…” 
“Then don’t say it.” Bella already knew what Drew was about to say, 
and it was definitely not something pleasant. 
Bella felt bitter. “Because of me, Justin is dealing with severe 
complications in his brain. It’s affecting his nervous system, and I 
don’t know what awaits him in the future. He could have seizures or 
even be paralyzed.” 
Drew’s eyebrows furrowed upon hearing this. 
“I don’t want to have anything to do with him anymore, but I don’t 
want to owe him anything either,” Bella admitted, her gaze meeting Drew’s. Her eyes were clear and cold, yet it was also heartbreaking 
“I’m not trying to save him. I just want to redeem myself.” 
The air in the living room became even heavier. 
In an attempt to lighten the atmosphere, Axel interjected, “Hey Ash, that Arnold guy… Is he really a man?” 
“Yes,” Asher replied curtly.
Axel pressed further. “How does it feel to hold him?” 
Asher remained silent, not bothering to entertain his twin. 
Drew couldn’t resist teasing him. “Ax, I thought you were a decent man. Turns out you have a unique taste, huh?” 
He continued, “Ax, if you have such needs in the future, you should have said so earlier. Bella, why bother sending me for this task? You should have made Axel go. He’s dying to do it!” 
“What are you thinking, you brat?!” 
Axel widened his eyes, wanting to kick this younger brother of his. ” 
It’s just that I’ve never 
a little curious! What if bch 
a good-looking man before, so fu 
shemale?” 
Bella sighed, massaging her forehead. “Ax, your imagination is truly something.” 
Drew teased. “Which normal, straight man would be so curious about 
other men?” 
Axel shot back. “That means I’m still young. Only old people lose their 
curiosity!” 
The banter between the brothers continued, and the night concluded with their bickering.
* 
The next day, Arnold slept in until noon due to his jet lag. 
As soon as he opened his sleepy eyes, he heard a steady knock on his door. 
Initially, Arnold was reluctant to open the door. But the person outside 
was knocking persistently and patiently, never stopping. 
Annoyed, Arnold sprang up from the bed, walked to the door with an 
angry expression, and yanked the door open. “What’s the matter? You’re so noisy!” 
To his surprise, Asher stood at the door in a suit and leather shoes, 
greeting him with a gentle smile. “Mr. Larson, did you sleep well last night?” 
“It’s alright, just a little lonely. After all, there is no one to cuddle with in bed.” Arnold’s words were all self-indulgent, venting his anger at being kidnapped. 
“Can I come in?” Asher asked. 
Arnold pursed his lips and stepped aside, allowing him to enter. They walked to the living room, just outside the bedroom. 
Arnold was already treating the place as his own home, sprawling on the sofa. His fair legs crossed and rested on the coffee table.
He glanced toward Asher, who was sitting upright. “What’s so urgent that you’re here so early in the morning, cousin?” 
It was only then that he noticed that there was a medical kit on the coffee table. 
“I noticed you were injured yesterday, so I brought you some 
medicine.” 
Arnold raised his eyebrows slyly and leaned closer to him. “Have you 
ever heard of the saying that there’s no such thing as a free lunch?” 
Asher, feeling the tension, met Arnold’s gaze. “What are you trying to 
say?” 
“Are you here on Bella’s orders to deliberately please me, or are you 
really concerned about the injury on my foot?” Arnold asked. His 
voice did not match his feminine appearance, but it still carried a 
seductive charm. 
“You are Bella’s guest and also Aunt Mila’s nephew. This is the least I 
should do.” Asher lowered his eyelids again. 
“Hah! You really are the CEO of a big corporation. You know all the 
right things to say.”
Just then, a knock interrupted the moment. 
Bella’s sweet voice came from outside. “Ash? Are you inside? Is Dr 
Larson awake? I’ve made lunch.” 
“Yes,” Asher responded, smiling faintly. “Are you hungry? Bella is a excellent cook. But there aren’t many people that she would personally cook for. Shall we go and have a taste of Bella’s cooking?” 
Initially, Arnold wanted to refuse, but the growl from his stomach betrayed him. 
“Forget it! Since I’m here, I might as well eat my fill first. Anything else can come afterward,”
###chapter832
Initially, Arnold was reluctant to open the door. But the person outside was knocking persistently and patiently, never stopping. 
Annoyed, Arnold sprang up from the bed, walked to the door with an 
angry expression, and yanked the door open. “What’s the matter? You’re so noisy!” 
To his surprise, Asher stood at the door in a suit and leather shoes, greeting him with a gentle smile. “Mr. Larson, did you sleep well last night?” 
“It’s alright, just a little lonely. After all, there is no one to cuddle with in bed.” Arnold’s words were all self-indulgent, venting his anger at being kidnapped. 
“Can I come in?” Asher asked. 
Arnold pursed his lips and stepped aside, allowing him to enter. They walked to the living room, just outside the bedroom. 
Arnold was already treating the place as his own home, sprawling on the sofa. His fair legs crossed and rested on the coffee table. 
He glanced toward Asher, who was sitting upright. “What’s so urgent that you’re here so early in the morning, cousin?” 
It was only then that he noticed that there was a medical kit on the coffee table. 
“I noticed you were injured yesterday, so I brought you some
medicine.” 
Arnold raised his eyebrows slyly and leaned closer to him. “Have you ever heard of the saying that there’s no such thing as a free lunch?” 
Asher, feeling the tension, met Arnold’s gaze. “What are you trying to 
say?” 
“Are you here on Bella’s orders to deliberately please me, or are you 
really concerned about the injury on my foot?” Arnold asked. His 
voice did not match his feminine appearance, but it still carried a 
seductive charm. 
“You are Bella’s guest and also Aunt Mila’s nephew. This is the least I should do.” Asher lowered his eyelids again. 
“Hah! You really are the CEO of a big corporation. You know all the right things to say.” 
Just then, a knock interrupted the moment. 
Bella’s sweet voice came from outside. “Ash? Are you inside? Is Dr. Larson awake? I’ve made lunch.” 
“Yes,” Asher responded, smiling faintly. “Are you hungry? Bella is an excellent cook. But there aren’t many people that she would 
personally cook for. Shall we go and have a taste of Bella’s cooking?” 
Initially, Arnold wanted to refuse, but the growl from his stomach betrayed him.
“Forget it! Since I’m here, I might as well eat my fill first. Anything else can come afterward.”
###chapter833
Bella took Arnold out to lunch at the dining hall. Meanwhile, Asher 
headed back to his room and locked the door behind him. 
Asher went to the study and sat at his desk. The perpetual smile on 
his face slowly stiffened, and his fingers worked to loosen his tie and unbutton his collar. With each button undone, he felt a little more at 
ease. 
A silver cross dangled out of his shirt, shining with a dim light. 
As Asher closed his eyes and took a deep breath, his mind wandered 
away from Arnold’s face, and another person’s image flashed before 
him. 
At the restaurant, Bella had whipped up a spread of delicious dishes 
for Arnold. 
Although it had been a long time since she had cooked, her skills hadn’t dulled one bit. In fact, her cooking skills were so exquisite that 
even the family’s chef wanted to learn a few tricks from her. 
Arnold’s stomach rumbled as he eyed the mouth-watering spread on
the table. 
“It’s just some simple food, Dr. Larson. Please give it a taste,” Bella encouraged, a smile playing on her lips. 
But Arnold was a man with a principle. He couldn’t be swayed by a mere meal. He took a deep breath and looked coldly at Bella. “Ms. 
Thompson, although you are my aunt’s beloved daughter, your status 
holds little value to me.” 
He continued, “I made it clear on the phone before. I don’t treat the rich. Justin is the president of the Salvador Corporation. He has plenty of doctors lined up to kiss up to the Salvador family. They will do everything they can to treat him. I’m not needed. I am a man of my word. If I say no, no one can change my mind. You’d better not waste 
your energy.” 
Bella wondered. ‘Hmm? Did Ash not treat him well enough?’ 
She calmly met his gaze, unfazed. She knew that men had a common 
weakness-pride and the desire to win. 
Bella picked up her teacup, took a sip of tea, and said casually, “Dr. Larson, I know you’re a highly skilled doctor and are very confident with your medical skills. You have never failed in your medical career, 
and not even once have you had a failed surgery. As long as you take
over a patient, you can guarantee a 100% chance of recovery. But 
that’s because you only take on patients with a guaranteed chance of 
recovery, right?”
###chapter834
The atmosphere immediately became tense. 
Arnold’s eyes widened, as if he had heard something extremely 
hurtful to his self-esteem. His face flushed with anger, and it took 
him a moment to respond. “Huh?” 
“Dr. Larson, have you been in Meridan for too long that your English has regressed? Do you want me to translate that into French for you?” 
Bella’s beautiful eyes hid a hint of cunning, and her smile carried an 
invisible pressure, suppressing Arnold’s free-spirited soul. Few 
women could pull off such a commanding smile. 
Arnold asked through gritted teeth. “Are you saying that I didn’t 
accept him as a patient because I couldn’t cure Justin’s illness? Is that what you’re implying?” 
“Is there any other explanation?” Bella shrugged. 
“What a joke!” Arnold slammed the table in frustration. “Ms. 
Thompson, have you been out of the country for too long? Don’t you 
know that my reputation in Meridan is even greater than that of Dr
Brown? I have solved countless difficult and complicated cases in my medical career, and I lost count of how many people I have saved 
from the brink of death. Even the Grim Reaper takes a backseat when 
I’m on duty. Saying my medical skills are not up to par is simply 
insulting!” 
Bella smiled without saying a word, quietly watching him get angry. 
Suddenly, Arnold seemed to catch on. He leaned back, squinting at 
her playfully. “Nice try, Ms. Thompson. That’s a nice trick, but I’m not buying it. I won’t fall for your schemes.” 
“You know, Dr. Larson, I always thought you were more open- 
minded.” Bella’s tone held a mix of surprise and disappointment. “I mean, despite claiming that you don’t treat the rich, you should know 
that Mr. Salvador isn’t just some rich guy. He’s a well-known figure among the country’s top entrepreneurs, and he has done a ton of charity work since taking over as the President of Salvador 
Corporation. He has helped countless people through his foundation. 
Surely, you’ve heard about all that, right?” 
Bella added, “And yet, despite knowing all this, you still stick to your so 
-called ‘principles’. Don’t you think you’re being a bit too rigid and
inflexible?” 
Even as she spoke, Bella couldn’t help but be surprised by her own 
words. It had been years since their divorce, yet she found herself defending Justin without hesitation. 
Setting aside her emotions, it was a fact that Justin was undeniably 
skilled. If one were to look past his emotional flaws, he could be said 
to be almost perfect. 
Otherwise, Bella wouldn’t have silently loved him for so many year 
without growing tired. When a woman feels both gratitude and 
admiration for a man, there’s no easy way out. Unfortunately for 
Bella, she felt both for Justin. 
That’s why she has been obsessed for thirteen years. 
“Ms. Thompson, it’s pointless no matter what you say,” Arnold insisted, though he seemed to be swayed by her words. “No matter 
what you say, I won’t give in. Just the fact that you used your brother to kidnap me back from abroad says it all. There is nothing to talk 
about between us. You rely on your wealth and power and don’t even 
have the most basic respect for other people. I’m booking a ticket
back immediately, and if you dare to stop me, I’ll call the police!” 
1 
Just as Arnold was about to leave, Bella calmly took a sip of tea and 
sighed softly, “Even Dr. Brown couldn’t solve the problem. I thought 
you were our only hope, but now…” 
Arnold froze in his tracks, his eyes widening in shock. “Who? Who are you talking about?!” 
“Dr Brown.” 
“You mean, Dr. Brown is treating Justin? That old doc is so unwise!” Arnold couldn’t help but sigh. 
Bella, who was usually calm and collected, couldn’t contain her 
excitement. She slapped the table suddenly and said, “Hey, don’t 
insult her like that. Dr. Brown is not old at all!” 
“I’m being respectful! Dr. Brown is my idol!” Arnold exclaimed with 
admiration. “Although I haven’t seen her in person, in my mind, she’s 
perfect in every way.” 
Bella remained silent, listening intently. 
“In our field, achieving Dr. Brown’s level of expertise and performing numerous high-profile surgeries would take at least thirty years! So what’s wrong with calling her an old doctor?”
###chapter835
Bella rubbed her chin, mulling over the situation. ‘Looks like that’s a 
done deal!’ 
If only Arnold knew that Bella, the mastermind behind his ‘kidnapping’ 
and the woman who insulted him and whom he disliked, was none 
other than Dr. Brown, his idol. He would be beyond embarrassed by 
his fanboy behavior. He might even want to bury himself alive! 
” 
“This is a man who even Dr. Brown has come to save. Do you still 
question his character, Dr. Larson?” Bella asked with a calm smile, 
By doing this, aren’t you questioning the character of your own idol?” 
Although this statement was somewhat of a moral manipulation, at 
this point, Bella felt she had to pull out all the stops to handle this 
person. 
Arnold pursed his lips, pulled up a chair, and slowly sat back down, 
lost in thought.
“Okay, for the sake of Dr. Brown, I guess I’ll take a look at the case.” 
Bella couldn’t hide her joy, but she maintained a subtle smile, “On 
behalf of Dr. Brown, thank you.” 
* 
After finally returning to the country, Drew didn’t leave again, but he 
also couldn’t sit still. 
During the day, he slept soundly at home, and as soon as it got dark, 
he was eager to go out. 
So Axel often teased him for being a nocturnal creature. 
“If people don’t know you, they’ll think your work involves sneaking around, hiding during the day, and only coming out at night.” 
Drew invited Axel, Asher, and Bella out for a drink, but the two of them 
declined. Only Axel couldn’t resist Drew’s persistence, so he 
reluctantly agreed to accompany him. 
After all, Drew seemed more like a younger brother when he was out 
drinking. But Axel made sure to secretly take some hangover 
supplements for the night out. Otherwise, his aging body couldn’t
handle it. 
When the two arrived at the bar, they sought out a discreet booth to 
avoid drawing too much attention. 
However, the Thompson brothers’ good looks were too hard to hide. 
Their looks would kill even in the entertainment industry, not to 
mention at a mere nightclub. 
As a result, they couldn’t enjoy themselves and were constantly approached by women asking for their phone numbers. 
Axel was getting annoyed, but Drew found it amusing. He even suggested turning it into a drinking game. 
Every time one of them was approached by a woman, the person 
would have to take a shot. But they were evenly matched, and neither 
emerged as the winner. 
In the end, Drew couldn’t take it anymore and said to the woman,  
have a girlfriend.” 
The woman scoffed. “Yeah, right. I don’t believe you. Why would two guys come out for drinks if they had girlfriends? You’re obviously out looking for something.”
She tried to cozy up to him, but Drew dodged skillfully, leaving her flustered. He whipped out his phone and showed her a photo of Bella. 
“Here. This is my wife. Isn’t she beautiful?” 
Axel nearly choked on his drink when he saw the photo. 
“Tsk, what a joke.” The woman was full of jealousy and walked away 
with a huff. 
Axel slammed his drink down and looked at him angrily. “Seriously, 
Drew? Who calls his sister their wife. That’s just plain wrong!” 
“I have such a beautiful sister. Why should I hide her? Of course, I 
want everyone to see how beautiful she is,” Drew retorted, downing 
his drink in one go. 
Suddenly, his eyes darkened, and he sneered. “Unlike a certain idiot in 
a suit! He had the most beautiful wife in the world at home, but he 
kept her hidden and cheated on her!” 
Axel took a sip of his drink and asked, “Jerkface Justin?”
###chapter836
“Which other idiot could it be if not him?” Drew sighed, lit a cigarette 
between his lips, and shot Axel a resentful glare. 
“I really don’t understand what Bella’s thinking. She’s already 
divorced, and there are scandals everywhere about that jerk. Why 
does she still have to go to such lengths to help him? She should just 
let him be!” 
Axel tried to comfort him. “Just think of it as Bella doing some 
charity. Don’t take it too seriously.” 
“Huh? Would Arnold be willing to treat Jerkface Justin?” 
Axel remarked casually, “He would probably do it. I mean, there’s 
nothing Bella can’t handle once she sets her mind to it.” 
“Oh well. Since I don’t come back often, I can’t just leave without 
doing anything,” Drew added, taking a deep drag of his cigarette. He 
squinted his bright eyes and exhaled a smoke ring. 
“How about this? I’ll sneak into the operating room and take the
opportunity to take care of Jerkface Justin.” Drew suggested, makin a slashing motion across his neck as he spoke. 
Axel immediately shivered and exclaimed, “Hey, don’t mess around! If you dare touch Justin, Savrow will be turned upside down! Don’t make 
it difficult for Bella and Dad!” 
“Hehe, I’m just kidding.” 
Drew gave Axel a pat on the shoulder before making his way toward 
the crowded dance floor. He had a bit too much to drink and needed 
to sober up. 
Axel glanced at the packed dance floor, feeling a bit stifled. Since he 
wasn’t fond of the smell of smoke, he decided to step out for some 
fresh air. 
The dance floor was alive with psychedelic lights, pulsating music, and the alluring movements of beautiful women. The atmosphere 
was electric, sending adrenaline coursing through the crowd. 
Drew danced closely with other women, a cigarette dangling from his 
lips. While he had some skills on the dance floor, his style leaned 
toward the ghetto side. If it weren’t for his good looks, he might have
been mistaken for a rogue. 
Suddenly, Drew caught a whiff of a fragrance that left his mind hazy. 
Combined with the alcohol he had consumed, it momentarily left him 
feeling confused and dazed. 
Before he knew it, Drew found himself colliding with a warm, fragrant body, sending him stumbling backward. 
Instinctively, he wrapped his arms around the woman’s slender wa 
their bodies pressed tightly together. 
She smelled heavenly, and her body was irresistibly soft. 
As the lights shifted, Drew squinted his eyes and looked down at the 
person in his arms. 
In an instant, Drew felt as though he had been struck by lightning. His fingers trembled with a tingling sensation as he held the woman’s 
waist. 
“Bella?” Drew blurted it out instinctively. 
But something wasn’t right. This woman could not have been Bella. 
Bella didn’t have a mole on her eyebrow, nor would she ever wear this
type of sweet perfume. 
Suddenly, Drew’s pupils contracted as his memory flashed back to 
Meridan. 
“Is it you?!” Drew exclaimed. 
It was the woman he had encountered by chance in a foreign country. 
She left an unforgettable impression on him. 
“Do you know me, handsome? But I don’t know you,” Yvonne slurred, 
her eyes cloudy from the alcohol. Her arms were wrapped around 
Drew’s neck, and her warm breath tickled his neck. “But… I like your 
direct way of approaching me.”
###chapter837
Drew blinked his eyes frantically. He could feel his heart racing wildly. It was rare for his heart to beat so quickly, but the woman in his arms, with her restless eyes and limbs, stirred something within him. 
It wasn’t that he was attracted to her, but rather, this woman bore an 
1 
uncanny resemblance to Bella. Holding onto this woman who was still trying to entice him, Drew found himself at a loss for words. 
“Ugh, I feel like vomiting.” Yvonne’s eyes started to water as her delicate body began to slump. 
The alcohol and vigorous dancing had taken a toll on her, leaving her stomach churning with unbearable pain. “Sir, can you help me out? I can’t hold it in anymore.” 
If it had been any other woman, Drew would have surely pushed her away, far from him, to avoid being vomited on. 
However, because of her resemblance to Bella, he couldn’t bring himself to refuse. With a firm grip, he effortlessly lifted Yvonne’s sof 
waist and dutifully strode toward the restroom. 
Everyone on the dance floor was left dumbfounded by the sight! 
“Damn! That handsome guy is so strong! I wonder what it’s like to be in his arms!” 
“He’s like the ultimate ideal boyfriend!”
“But hold up, don’t you guys think the woman he’s carrying looks a lot like… Bella Thompson, that heiress of the Thompson family? She’s 
“No way! You think it’s really her?! I noticed her as soon as she came in. That’s definitely Bella!” 
“What’s she doing here, though? I mean, she’s like royalty, right? 
Wouldn’t she have a whole squad of bodyguards with her? After all, 
her dad is Wyatt Thompson! I bet that girl is just a superfan of Bella. Maybe she even went for surgery to look like her.” 
Drew couldn’t possibly barge into the women’s restroom, so he took 
Yvonne into the men’s restroom. 
Unfortunately, there were two men in the middle of relieving 
themselves inside. Seeing Drew and the woman come in, they were 
unsure whether to finish up quickly or make a hasty retreat. 
Drew kicked the door impatiently. “Done peeing? If you’re done, get 
out!” 
The two men hurriedly pulled up their pants and scurried away, quickly shutting the door behind them. 
Yvonne leaned over the sink, vomiting violently, while Drew lear against the wall, lighting a cigarette. Occasionally, he would glan
over at her. 
Perhaps due to their brief interaction, Drew began to realize that this woman didn’t resemble Bella as much as he had initially thought. After all, Bella possessed unparalleled beauty and charm that no other woman could match. 
Once Yvonne had finished vomiting, she washed her face and rinsed 
This face was so much like Bella’s, carefully chosen for her by 
Christopher. 
Yvonne couldn’t help but feel a sharp pain in her chest, so she gently 
rubbed it and bit her lip with a bitter smile of self-mockery. 
Drew’s voice interrupted her thoughts. “Done vomiting? Feeling better 
now?” 
“Ah!” Yvonne let out a small scream, her eyes widening. It was as if 
she didn’t notice his presence next to her all along. 
“What’s wrong? I’m the one who brought you in here.” Drew crossed his arms, casting a playful glance at her. “Earlier, some girl made me 
bring her in here to vomit. After she’s done, she’s kicking me out. It 
looks like I was just being used.” 
“When did I ask you to bring me in here? This is the women’s
restroom. You should leave immediately.” Yvonne responded. Her 
body was still swaying, but she kept her vigilance up. 
As her mind cleared, she finally took in Drew’s tall, slender figure and 
sharp, handsome features. His clean eyebrows were slightly rais 
and his eyes held a playful demeanor, tinged with a lazy nonchalan that stirred no ripples. 
Yvonne felt her cheeks flush, her heartbeat quickening slightly.
###chapter838
Yvonne couldn’t believe that she was feeling a subtle attraction 
toward another man other than Christopher. 
“Look around you. Does this look like the women’s restroom to you?” 
Drew smirked, his lips curling. “You’re the one who should leave, 
miss.” 
Yvonne’s face flushed even more at his remark, and she lowered her 
gaze, ready to leave. But Drew suddenly grabbed her wrist, swiftly pulling her back. 
Yvonne collided with his sturdy chest once again, sending shivers down her spine. Her heart raced even more. 
Drew’s deep gaze locked onto hers, a playful glint in his eyes.” 
Leaving so soon? You haven’t even thanked me.” 
“T-Thank you.” Yvonne stammered, her breath becoming erratic. 
Drew’s warm breath brushed against her nose, softening her icy 
stare. “Has anyone ever told you that you resemble someone?” 
Yvonne’s heart raced, trying hard to break free, but Drew held her 
tightly.
“You must be mistaken. I don’t resemble anyone. I am just me.” 
She inexplicably felt timid and insecure, like an imposter. This face was Bella Thompson’s, the one Christopher cherished so deeply. 
“Alright, then tell me, who are you?” Drew’s, penetrating gaze shifted 
“Yvo-..” 
Before Yvonne could finish her sentence, her phone rang. She pulled it 
out and saw the caller ID on the screen, and her face immediately 
drained of color. 
With all her might, she struggled to break free from Drew’s embrace 
and dashed out of the door in a daze. 
Drew’s eyebrows shot up in curiosity, and he followed after her. 
Yvonne didn’t dare to leave through the front door openly but hurriedly left through the back door. As soon as she stepped out, a blinding spotlight hit her face, forcing her to shield her eyes with her arm, 
unable to open them. 
At that moment, a bodyguard approached her. 
“Ms. Smith, the boss is waiting for you. Please come with me.” 
“Okay…”
At that moment, Yvonne was completely sober. With a tense 
expression, she walked heavily toward the black luxury car, where 
man she had longed for sat waiting. 
But even with her beloved within arm’s reach, she was in fear. 
The car door opened, and Yvonne cautiously entered. As soon as the 
door closed, Christopher’s clear yet angry voice pierced the darkness. 
“What did I tell you? I told you not to return to Savrow without my command. Have you forgotten so quickly?” 
“I-I’m sorry, Mr. Iverson. Ah!” 
The next moment, Yvonne felt her vision darken. A suffocating pain gripped her throat, making it impossible to breathe. Christopher’s 
eyes gleamed with coldness as he lunged forward, grabbing Yvonne’s 
neck and pinning her forcefully against the seat. 
“Sorry? Is that all you can say? Do you have any idea how much 
trouble you have caused me with just one rash move?”
###chapter839
“Sorry…” Yvonne’s face flushed bright red, her consciousness fading 
into a blur. 
“I’ve told you before. This face of yours can only appear at specific 
times, hidden from the light of day! You are my secret trump card, and 
you belong to me. You must obey whatever I tell you to do. You have 
no right to flaunt yourself, let alone act recklessly!” 
Christopher’s eyes were full of malice, his grip around her neck 
tightening as if he wanted to snap it for real. 
Sitting in the passenger seat, Taylor saw that Yvonne was on the verge of collapsing and sweated as he interceded for her. 
“Mr. Iverson, Ms. Smith can’t hold on much longer! Please spare her 
this time, on account of the loyalty she has shown you over the years! 
She may have disobeyed your orders by coming back secretly, but it 
was to see you! Everything she does, she does for you. Please spare 
her just this once!” 
Christopher coldly stared at Yvonne’s face, akin to a work of art.
exhaled a breath of stale air and released her. 
Yvonne’s body was drenched in sweat, her complexion shifting from 
red to pale as she gasped for breath. Her eyes were filled with tears 
as she looked at Christopher pleadingly. Despite enduring such pain, 
she didn’t harbor any resentment toward him, only seeking to soothe 
his anger. 
“I’m sorry… Mr. Iverson… I’m sorry… Yvonne clutched her neck in 
Christopher didn’t even spare her a glance, retrieving a pristine 
handkerchief from his pocket. He wiped his hands and tossed the handkerchief out of the window with disgust. His eyes were filled with disdain. “You’ll need to spend a fortune to take care of this face when you return. If it weren’t for this face, I would have killed you long ago.” 
Yvonne’s heart felt like it was being stabbed repeatedly upon hearing Christopher’s words, her body trembling. “Thank you… Thank you.” 
Christopher lowered his gaze and asked in a deep voice, “Did a man 
touch you in the club?” 
“N-no… It was me. I accidentally bumped into him. I had too much to 
drink and lost control. I’ve embarrassed myself.” Yvonne’s heart 
skipped a beat, hastily shifting all the blame onto herself.
Christopher gave her a cold glance and instructed Taylor, “Go and 
investigate who that man is. Check his identity and background.” 
“Yes, Mr. Iverson.” 
[ ] 
2 
Yvonne’s hands were tightly gripping her skirt. She felt somewhat 
sorry for that man. But she also knew that Christopher was th 
of person who considered his possessions sacred. If anyone els 
touched them, it was equivalent to stealing. 
Didn’t this indirectly prove that Christopher had a little bit of genu 
affection for her? Even if this trace of affection existed only becaus 
of Bella, there must be some affection, right? 
The luxury car sped away from the alley, disappearing into the night. 
At that moment, Drew strolled leisurely to the center of the alley, both 
hands in his pockets.
As he watched the car vanish, his deep gaze narrowed. 
“Yvonne?”. 
The license plate number of the luxury car was imprinted in his mind. 
Axel did not stay idle either. He never expected that on his rare visit to a bar, he would run into his “enemy” tonight. 
At the entrance of the private room, a tipsy Roza was being dragged by two middle-aged men in suits and leather shoes. Her limbs were weak from the alcohol, and she was struggling to get away from the 
two men. 
“Let me go. I want to go back!” Roza pleaded, pushing them away in an attempt to balance herself. 
However, the sinister smiles on the faces of the two men only grew wider. They paid no heed to her pleas. Their only intention was to drag her to a secluded place and take their time with her. 
“Let me go!” Roza’s cries echoed in the air. 
A cold, piercing voice cut through the commotion. “Let her go.” 
Roza squinted her hazy eyes and lifted her gaze in astonishment to meet Axel’s handsome yet angry face.
###chapter840
For a moment, Roza felt both shocked and ashamed. She pursed her lips tightly, not daring to make a sound. 
One of the men spoke in French to Axel. “Who are you? Get out of the way. This is none of your business!” 
Axel replied in fluent French, with a smirk. “If I were blind, then it wouldn’t be my business. But now that I see it, it’s my business.” 
‘Damn! This bastard’s French is so good!’ Roza thought to herself, secretly amazed. 
What kind of monsters were her master’s brothers? Not only were they handsome, but they were also cultured! Not to mention, she found the way Axel spoke in French to be quite sexy. She couldn’t help but feel her ears turn incredibly hot. 
“Who the hell are you? Get lost!” The other man snapped in Italian, his expression growing more hostile. 
“I’m your father,” Axel replied in Italian, his handsome features turning cold. “Don’t test my patience. Let her go!” 
“Bodyguards!” 
The man roared angrily, and several bodyguards ran over from the other end of the corridor. It was clear that these two men had significant status, given the number of people guarding them outside. 
Axel remained unfazed, his brows furrowed as he cautiously assessed the situation.
Ever since he was a child, Wyatt had heeded his mother’s wishes and hired professional martial arts instructors to teach his four sons and Bella the necessary self-defense skills to protect themselves. 
After all, no matter the number of bodyguards they had, they couldn’t be protected around the clock. In moments of crisis, their self- defense skills could keep them safe. 
However, Axel hadn’t practiced his skills in a long time, leaving him a bit rusty. When dealing with these people, his victory wasn’t guaranteed. 
“Axel, don’t worry about me anymore!” 
At that moment, Roza focused on Axel’s safety above her own. Her voice strained with urgency as she shouted, “You need to get out of here… Leave before anything else happens!” 
“Then I’m taking you with me. I can’t leave behind a woman who can’t fend for herself!” Axel clenched his fists, his gaze fierce, and charged directly at the two men who were restraining Roza. 
At the same time, all the bodyguards rushed forward! 
“No!” 
Roza watched in horror as Axel became the primary target of everyone’s aggression. Her complexion was drained of color. Her heart was pounding so hard that it felt like it would burst out of her chest! 
Axel’s heart trembled, but he clenched his fists even tighter, determined to rescue Roza. Apart from Bella, he had never risked everything for any other woman in his life. 
Axel’s moved like lightning. Before the two bodyguards in front could react, he had already knocked down the two men holding Roza with a single punch.
“Grab my hand! Quickly!” Axel was sweating profusely and staring intently at Roza as he reached out to her. 
“Axel! Watch out! Behind you!” Roza exclaimed in shock. A woman who rarely shed tears was now on the verge of crying. 
A bodyguard wielding a metal rod had sneaked up behind Axel and swung it toward the back of his head. 
If the blow had landed on Axel’s head, he could face either death or severe brain damage! 
The weight of the potential consequences hit Roza like a ton of bricks. Because of her, Bella would lose her beloved brother! How could she ever live with herself? The guilt would haunt her forever. 
Roza’s eyes welled up with tears when she thought of this. Her teeth clenched tightly together as she dashed forward and wrapped her arms tightly around Axel’s waist. 
Axel looked on in astonishment, instinctively pulling her closer into his embrace.
###chapter841
Suddenly, there was a loud bang! 
“Ugh!” 
A groan came from behind Axel. The bodyguard, who was sneaking up on him, was struck in the head by a flying trash can and collapsed instantly. 
The sudden turn of events left everyone else in shock, and no one dared to come closer. 
“Ax! Why didn’t you react quicker?” 
Axel turned around and saw Drew approaching them, hands nonchalantly tucked into his pockets, shaking his head. 
Axel thought, ‘Damn, this kid really scared me with the trash can he kicked over.’ 
Roza grabbed Axel’s suit jacket with both hands. She slowly opened her reddened eyes and looked deeply into his eyes. 
“Are you okay?” 
Axel lowered his eyes to meet her burning gaze. His heart skipped a beat and pounded fiercely in his chest. 
“I’m fine. Let’s get out of here,” Axel insisted. 
But their escape was halted as the bodyguards surrounded them. They threatened, “Stop! You hit our boss, so none of you will be leaving here!”
Drew intervened, “Hey, hey, those two idiots molested my sister-in- law. We were already being nice by hitting you. Consider yourselves lucky that I didn’t stuff your heads in the trash. How dare you still make a scene?” 
‘Sister-in-law?!’ 
Roza’s eyes widened. She nervously bit her crimson lips, her cheeks flushing even redder. 
Axel was also taken aback, but then he thought about it. Regardless of whether Roza was Drew’s sister-in-law, wasn’t Drew indirectly acknowledging him as a big brother? 
That alone felt like a big win for Axel 
“Ax, you take her and leave first. I’ll take care of things here.” Drew’s eyes flashed with a fierce light. He twisted his neck and cracked his knuckles, ready to roll up his sleeves and get to work. 
Since his return to Savrow, he has been feeling bored for days. Now, he was finally able to enjoy his favorite activity, so he was excited. 
“Are you sure?” Axel asked, worried. 
“A man can’t say he’s not sure of himself.” Drew whistled lightly and looked at Roza playfully, who was trembling in Axel’s arms. “If you don’t trust me, how about you stay, and I’ll take my sister-in-law away?” 
“Goodbye!” Without saying another word, Axel picked up Roza and dashed off. 
“Damn it! What happened to ‘bros before hoes’? When I get back, I’m going to tell Asher and Bella!” Drew cursed at Axel’s back, though a smile bétrayed his amusement. 
After leaving the bar, Axel hailed a taxi and carried the already weak Roza inside.
Roza grabbed Axel’s arm, her thin red dress already soaked with sweat. “Can your friend handle them alone? Let’s call the police!” 
“He’s not my friend. He’s my brother Bella’s fourth brother.” 
Axel’s eyes were calm. He took off his suit jacket to drape over Roza. 
“Don’t worry, even if there were ten more of those scumbags, they wouldn’t stand a chance against him. He ate too much tonight. Just think of it as some exercise for him to work off all those calories.” 
“That’s Master’s fourth brother?” Roza was stunned. “No wonder… He resembles Master… But why don’t you look anything like him?”
###chapter842
“We are quadruplets. I’m the second oldest among them, and I resemble my eldest brother. My third and fourth brothers resemble each other, and they both take after my mother.” 
Axel would usually never bring up family matters with others. But for some reason, he wanted to answer Roza’s curiosity. At the same time, he used this to distract her attention from the previous incident. 
Roza’s eyes lit up. “Oh… Then it seems my master got an equal balance of both her mother’s and Chairman Thompson’s features. Máster is really lucky, getting the best of both worlds.” 
Axel couldn’t help but smile at that. 
He noticed how thin Roza was, even more so than Bella. Her beautiful, slender shoulders made her look like a clothes hanger. But where there should be flesh, there was no shortage at all. 
Somehow, Axel felt a little bit of pity for her. His hand on her shoulders slowly tightened. 
“Who were those two people who bullied you? How did you end u with them?” 
Roza suddenly shook her shoulders, her delicate body leaning back. Her eyes deliberately avoided his concerned gaze. “They are people I met in the business. I didn’t have much contact with them before, so I didn’t know they were such rude people.” 
Axe asked anxiously. “Business? I heard from Bella that you’re a fashion designer. Don’t you just stay in the studio to sketch and sew? 
Is it necessary to mingle in such a setting?”
Roza coldly raised her eyebrows. “Oh? So, you think designers are just sewing machines? Don’t we need to promote our brand and expand our channels?” 
“So you just drank with those two men until you were drunk? Didn’t you realize their dirty thoughts towards you?” Axel became even more anxious, his eyes turning red. 
He stared straight at her and asked, “How can a girl like you have no situational awareness at all? Or are you willing to do anything for your brand?” 
“Yes, after all, I have no one to rely on. I can only rely on myself.” Roza felt inexplicably bitter and turned her face away, not looking at him. 
Seeing her nonchalant attitude, Axel was furious and pushed her down on the car seat. “Rely on yourself? How? By selling your smile and time?” 
“That’s not something for you to worry about.” Roza clenched her teeth. The light in her eyes dimmed somewhat. 
“Do you know what would have happened if I had come a step later Aren’t you afraid at all? Do you want me to be the prosecutor in a case where the victim is you?!” 
“I don’t want to know. Besides, you’re here now. Even if you hadn’t come, I would have found a way to escape.” 
Roza bitterly pursed her lips, her clearly visible knuckles lightly pressing on Axel’s chest. She mercilessly pushed him away, saying, 
Next time you see me, remember to stay away so you don’t get into trouble.” 
“You! You’re simply unreasonable!” Axel was so angry that fumes were coming out of his ears. He stared at her with eyes that were completely red.
“Miss, please listen to him. I’ve been working around this nightclub for more than two years now. I’ve seen many girls who have been drunk and taken away!” The driver advised kindly, “Your boyfriend is also doing this for your own good. Young lady, you shouldn’t come to places like this.” 
Axel and Roza spoke in unison. “It’s none of your business! Don’t talk nonsense!” 
“Alright, alright… You two are just having a lover’s quarrel.” The driver excused himself and then asked, “Hey, since you’ve quarreled and fought, where do you want to go next?” 
“I…” 
Before Roza could speak, Axel preemptively gave an address. 
“Where are you taking me?” Roza asked in a hurry. 
“My home.” 
“Axel! You’re out of line! How dare you take me to your house?” 
Roza’s face blushed with a mixture of embarrassment and anger. 
If it weren’t for the fact that he had saved her, she would have considered punching him in the head. 
“Those two men tonight are quite powerful. Until Drew deals with them, I can’t let you go back alone. You could be followed, and your safety is at risk,” Axel explained urgently. 
With a sudden move, Axel grabbed her wrist tightly, holding it like a pair of handcuffs. “Anyway, you’re not leaving my sight tonight. I’m in charge of your safety!”
###chapter843
Back at the nightclub, Drew had already dealt with the two lewd men, including the group of weak bodyguards. He had beaten them up and locked them in the bathroom of the private room. He also hung a ‘Do Not Disturb’ sign outside the private room. 
Unfortunately, they were no match for him. To Drew, they were barely enough as a warm-up. Besides, he couldn’t afford to create much of a commotion, so he decided to end it quickly. After all, he was in 
Savrow. He couldn’t act like he was abroad and still needed to be careful with his identity and not be too high-profile. 
As Drew left the nightclub, he received a call from Axel. 
With a lazy yawn, Drew answered, “I’ve taken care of the trouble, Ax. You can rest assured and enjoy your time with your little girlfriend 
They won’t be causing any more trouble.” 
“She’s not my girlfriend. Stop talking nonsense!’ Axel was obviously not in a good mood. His voice carried a hint of resentment. 
“Tsk tsk! Do you think I’m blind or dumb? Normally, you wouldn’t eve bat an eye when girls threw themselves at you. But tonight, you actually played the hero for a girl who knew your name and practically threw herself into your arms. There’s definitely something going on between you two.” Drew teased. “There’s no shame in being in a relationship. Do you want to be labeled as an old bachelor?” 
“Drew, do me a favor.” Axel took a deep breath. “Go check out the background of those two men who caused trouble for Roza tonight. I’ve only solved half of the problem, and I’m worried they might target her again in a few days.”
“I’ve already thought of your concerns and looked into them. It turns out that they don’t have much influence in Savrow. They’re just some high-level executives from a foreign construction company.” 
“Construction company?” 
“Yeah, your little girlfriend has quite a diverse business connection.” 
Drew smirked. “Tonight, I’ll have some gossip to share with Bella!” 
“If you don’t want to worry Bella, don’t say a word about tonight’s events to her.” Axel’s voice grew stern. “Roza is Bella’s best friend. If you tell her about this, it will only make her worry, and she won’t be able to sleep well.” 
Drew was shocked and teased Axel. “Good on you for strengthening their bond!” 
“Go to hell! I’m hanging up!” Axel snapped before abruptly ending the call. 
Drew chuckled and retrieved an ultra-thin, palm-sized computer from his pocket. Such cutting-edge technology was almost impossible to get in Savrow and was reserved for high-level special agents like them. 
On the device, Drew could access various information, including car license plate numbers. 
After a quick search, he found the answer. 
“A car registered under the Iverson Group? Interesting.” 
Looking at the investigation results Drew thought about the woman who bore a striking resemblance to Bella. His eyes narrowed slightly.” Ms. Smith, who are you really working for? James Iverson? Charles Iverson? Or Christopher Iverson?”
Meanwhile, Roza was forcibly taken back to Axel’s house in Savrow. 
To her surprise, despite being an heir of the KS Group, Axel didn’t reside in a lavish villa. Instead, he lived in a small apartment, simply decorated and far from extravagant, which astonished Roza. 
“You can stay in this room,” Axel informed her, gesturing toward a designated space. “There’s a bathroom inside, and my pajamas are in the wardrobe. If you don’t mind, you can stay here for the night.” 
“Why are you so insistent that I stay here?” Roza was very helpless. 
“Because you are Bella’s best friend, so I can’t just let you leave without knowing you’ll be safe,” Axel said. 
“Master, she…” 
“Don’t worry, I won’t mention tonight’s events to Bella. I don’t want h to worry more than you do.”
###chapter844
After hearing that, Roza felt a wave of relief wash over her. 
Over the years, Bella has become more than just a beacon of hope during tough times. She was not only a friend but also family to Roza. 
Roza did not want to burden Bella or add to her troubles. 
Just then, Roza’s phone rang. She glanced at the screen, and her expression immediately darkened. Her knuckles turned white as she clenched the phone tightly. 
Axel clearly sensed that her mood had turned sour, so he tactfully left the room and closed the door behind him. However, instead of leaving immediately, he lingered outside, trying to eavesdrop on the muffled sounds from within. 
He knew it wasn’t entirely ethical to eavesdrop, but for some reason, he felt a strong urge to look out for Roza. Besides, he couldn’t shake the feeling that Roza hadn’t been completely honest with him from the start. As a seasoned prosecutor, Axel developed a keen eye and easily saw through her little tricks at a glance. 
In the room, Roza hesitated for a while before answering, breathing heavily. 
“Dad.” 
“What happened tonight?” Her father’s voice came from the other end of the phone, without any warmth or emotion. It was just the usual questioning, tinged with anger. 
“There was a situation, so the drinking session ended early.”
“What situation? Can’t you distinguish your priorities?” 
At this moment, a woman’s sharp voice came from the other end. It was Roza’s stepmother. “Heh, I told you already. How could she help you with anything? That daughter of yours is already doing you a service if she doesn’t squander all your money.” 
Roza clenched her fists tightly, her face as pale as paper. 
There was one thing that no one else knew, not even Bella. Roza was the illegitimate daughter of Cole Walker, the Chairman of Walker Corporation, but the Walker family had never acknowledged her identity. 
When Roza was sixteen, she was raped by her father’s friend. In a fit of anger, her mother stabbed the man to death. The Walker family was afraid of the scandal spreading, so they hired the best lawyers to help her mother with the lawsuit. Thus, her mother was spared from prison and sent to a psychiatric hospital instead. 
Over the years, the Walkers held this secret over Roza, manipulating her at every opportunity. Despite Roza’s success as a fashion designer, she remained under the Walkers’ control. 
Roza’s stepmother, Regina, had a son and a daughter. Her son was the heir of Walker Corporation, and her daughter was the apple of their eye. 
As for Roza, she had always been a mere pawn to the Walker family, or perhaps even less than that. To them, she was simply a tool to be used. 
In order to get away from the Walker family, Roza came out on her own, never asking the Walker family for a single penny. She struggled in the design world under tremendous pressure and made a name for herself. Despite all that, she was still unable to completely control her own life.
“Where are you now?!” Cole Walker asked sternly. 
“I’m at a friend’s place.” 
“Tomorrow, you are coming with me to apologize to the two CEOs in person. Make sure to prepare two generous gifts!” 
Roza’s stomach churned at the memory of being coerced into drinking by the two older men, who had even attempted to molest her. 
She gritted her teeth and replied, “I’m not going. If you want to go, go by yourself.” 
“What did you say?!” 
Cole was furious. “You caused such a big mess tonight, and they got hurt because of you! How can you not come out to solve it?!” 
“That’s right!” Regina also chimed in. “Roza, you should know that if this deal doesn’t go through, the Walker family will lose a $300 million project! How are you going to make up for this? Are you going to use your life to make up for it?!” 
“I will find a way to compensate for the loss suffered by the Walker family.” 
Regina didn’t hide her mockery. “Compensate? How exactly do you plan to do that? Are you going to use the money you earn from selling clothes?” 
From the other end of the phone, there was a peal of laughter coming from someone else. Roza immediately recognized that it was her half- sister, Wendy Walker. That evil girl had never missed an opportunity to mock her ever since they were young. 
Chairman Walker’s voice thundered through the phone. “Come home right now!”
###chapter845
“I won’t go back, and I won’t go see them tomorrow either! Do you know that they almost assaulted me tonight?” Roza’s voice choked several times. 
There was a heavy silence on the other end. 
After a while, Cole changed his tone, but his words cut deeper. “Roza, 
I know you’re in a difficult situation. But now the Walker family is in trouble, and as a daughter of the Walker family, it’s only natural for you to make some sacrifices for the family, right? Your sister is about to marry the second son of Chairman Sully from North City. She has made plenty of sacrifices for our family too!” 
Roza’s eyes welled up with tears, and she asked each word carefully,” Did you know all along that those two men had bad intentions toward me?” 
Cole remained silent. 
Roza cried out in anger and despair. “You knew everything, but you made me go see them… Is this how you push your own daughter into the lion’s den?” 
Standing outside the door, Axel could not hear much, but he heard this sentence clearly. 
Piecing together the fragments of information he had gathered earlier, Axel felt a sharp pain in his heart and was filled with intense anger. His fists tightened, and his knuckles turned white. 
He thought, ‘What kind of evil family was this? What parents would subject their daughter to such cruelty?’
After a while, the room fell silent. 
Axel took a deep breath, growing increasingly concerned. He knocked on the door gently, but Roza didn’t respond to him at all. He couldn’t help but worry, so he pushed open the door. 
“Roza?” Axel called out. As he entered, he froze in shock. Roza was lying motionless on the ground, unconscious. 
Axel quickly rushed forward to check on her condition and realized she was experiencing a sudden cardiac arrest. Panic surged through him. 
“Hold on! Roza!” 
He performed chest compressions on her, but Roza remained unresponsive. 
“Roza… Roza…” 
Axel looked at Roza’s lips, which were gradually turning gray, like withered rose petals. He then leaned down quickly to lock lips with her and blew his breath into her mouth. 
Axel’s breath mingled in her mouth as he desperately tried to revive her. His heart pounded loudly in his chest throughout the ordeal. 
After a while, Roza slowly opened her eyes. Subconsciously, she reached out her slender arms and hooked them around Axel’s neck. 
Caught off guard, Axel lost his balance and fell on top of her. 
“Um…”
Roza’s eyes shimmered with tears. Her expression was both pitiful and affectionate. Unintentionally, she tugged at Axel’s heartstrings. 
As her lips regained their color, they parted slightly. Then she kissed Axel’s lips tenderly. At that moment, any resistance Axel had crumbled away. 
Axel grabbed the back of her head with one hand, and his breath became heavier. Her sweet breath, accompanied by a faint smell of alcohol, enveloped him and stirred something deep within his soul. 
He didn’t know how everything had turned out like this tonight. But one thing was certain-he didn’t want to break the kiss. He didn’t want it to end.
###chapter846
Roza’s sudden heart attack was no small matter. Axel immediately rushed her to the hospital and informed Bella regarding her condition. 
He understood Bella’s fiery temperament very well. Concealing the truth from Bella any longer would have created a rift in their relationship. 
The next morning, Bella and Steven rushed back from Hatchbay to 
Savrow and headed to the hospital, where Roza was admitted. 
“Ax! What happened? How could Roza have a heart attack?!” Bella’s voice quivered with emotion, tears brimming in her eyes. 
“The doctor mentioned that Roza’s body is weak, and she has a heart condition, but it’s not too serious.” 
‘Heart condition…?’ Bella trembled upon hearing this, and Steven quickly moved to support her, sensing her distress. 
A wave of unease washed over Bella. Roza was not just her apprentice but also her best friend. Yet she had been completely unaware of Roza’s health condition. She felt a pang of guilt for failin as a mentor. 
Axel’s mind raced back to Roza’s abnormal family dynamic, his fists clenching involuntarily. He said hoarsely, “She suffered a sudden heart attack due to excessive emotional distress. Fortunately, I was there at the time. Otherwise, the consequences would have been unimaginable.”
After he sent Roza to the hospital, Axel called Bella and gave her a brief explanation of how the two of them had met. But he didn’t tell 
Bella about the conflict between Roza and her family. 
“Emotional distress? Why was she so emotional?” Bella’s curiosity prodded her to delve deeper into the situation. In her mind, Roza had always seemed carefree and indifferent, as if nothing could faze her. Why would she be under such pressure? 
“Bella, let’s wait until Roza wakes up. It’s better she explains it herself,” Axel suggested, his mind momentarily drifting back to their shared moment. His cheeks heated up at the memory, and his thoughts became somewhat clouded. 
Steven’s curiosity got the better of him. “Young Master Axel, were you with Ms. Walker all night last night? Did you take her home with you?” 
Bella’s gossip-loving nature flared up instantly. After all, her brother, who had been single for 30 years, had never once brought a woman home! Wasn’t he supposed to be allergic to women? 
“Yeah,” Axel confessed frankly. “The situation was dire last night. I took her home because I was worried she would be bothered by those bad guys again.” 
“Ax, what happened then?” Bella’s excitement bubbled over as sh shook Axel’s arm eagerly, pressing for more details. “What else happened between you two? Come on, spill the tea!” 
“You nosy little girl! What’s with all these questions?” Axel gently flicked her forehead, pretending to appear nonchalant. However, his heart was racing inexplicably fast. 
He didn’t know whether Roza remembered their kiss that had left him confused and smitten last night. He thought to himself, ‘When she wakes up, will she remember me?’
Just then, the door to the ward swung open, and a nurse emerged. ” 
The patient is awake.” 
Without hesitation, Bella hurriedly pushed the door open and darted inside worriedly. Steven stood outside the door, watching Axel’s face gradually turn red. He asked in surprise, “Mr. Axel, are you having a fever?” 
“Huh?” Axel snapped out of his daze, startled. 
“Your face is so red. Are you okay?” 
Axel hurriedly assured Steven, a nervous smile playing on his lips. Oh, no, I’m fine.” 
Steven cleared his throat lightly, a knowing smile tugging at the corners of his mouth, but he said nothing else.
###chapter847
In the hospital ward, Roza lay weakly on the bed, hooked to an IV drip. The morning sunlight fell on her, highlighting her beautiful face. 
“Roza…” Bella’s voice was gentle, her eyes welling up with tears as she looked at her frail apprentice. It was hard to reconcile this image with the carefree and cheerful Roza she knew. 
“Master… Master?” Roza froze instantly, quickly tucking her hand with 
the needle still in it under the blanket. 
“What’s going on?!” Bella hurriedly took a seat beside the bed, 
reaching out to hold Roza’s hand. She asked with concern, “How did 
this happen? Who bullied you?” 
Roza hesitated, unsure of how to respond. After a while, she said, “I’m 
just dizzy due to low blood sugar. It’s not a big deal.” 
“You’re still not telling me the truth now? Don’t you know you have a 
heart condition? How long do you plan on hiding it from me?!” Bella’s 
anger flared. Her face flushed with fury as she squeezed Roza’s hand 
firmly. 
“My brother said you received a call last night, and after answering it, you fainted due to emotional distress. Who called you? What did they say? Also, what happened at the nightclub last night?”
Bella’s questions hit all the sore spots. Her sharp intuition cut 
through Roza’s excuses.. 
Roza frantically blinked, and her fingers tightened slightly in Bella’s palm. “Master, I didn’t mean to hide it from you. But I hope you can 
give me some personal space. Let me have a little secret of my own.” 
“No! No! No!” Bella’s heart swelled with indignation. Her eyes were ablaze with anger. “What stupid secret? You’re obviously being bullied, and you’re hiding it from me! I believe in revenge. Whoever dares harm someone close to me, I will pay it back to them a 
hundredfold! You’re my beloved apprentice, so how can I just sit idly and watch you get bullied?” 
“You can’t control this!” Roza’s chest heaved intensely. This was the first time she had spoken to Bella in such a fierce tone. “I’m begging you. Please don’t meddle in my affairs!” 
Bella’s expression froze, and the light in her eyes slowly dimmed. 
Leaving the ward, Bella looked pale. But Bella, being stubborn, felt even more compelled to understand what was happening the more Roza hid it from her. No matter what, Bella had to stand up for her apprentice! 
Bella asked Steven to stay and settle some things while she and Axel 
went to the cafe across the street from the hospital. 
“Bella, I think Roza has some family issues. I don’t know if she has mentioned it to you before,” Axel said, lowering his gaze. He knew Bella had a sweet tooth and gently placed a cube of sugar in her 
coffee, adding a touch of sweetness.
“No, Roza only said her mother was back in her hometown and that 
she wasn’t in great health. Other than that, Roza has never mentioned 
anything to me.” Bella replied, taking a deep breath. “She’s my most trusted friend, so I never considered investigating her background.” 
“It’s not investigating, but rather understanding. You can only help her 
once you fully understand her pain.” Axel explained, his gaze 
flickering as he retrieved a file from his phone and placed it in front of Bella. “Sorry, Bella, I investigated Roza without telling you. Don’t be angry.” 
How could Bella be angry? She was even secretly happy. Her brother 
had always only cared about his cases and her matters. It was surprising to see him devoting his energy to Roza this time. 
Bella thought, ‘Does it mean that I’m about to gain a sister-in-law soon?’ 
Axel revealed. “Roza is the daughter of Cole Walker, the chairman of Walker Corporation.” 
“Walker Corporation? I’ve heard of it. It’s not a big company, but it’s quite famous in Savrow’s real estate industry,” Bella commented. 
In order to take over the Thompson family business, Bella maintained a good understanding of the domestic business scene, especially the bigwigs in Savrow. 
“But if I remember correctly, Cole Walker only has a son and a
daughter, who are both quite high-profile, so I have an impression of them. How is Roza his daughter?” 
Axel’s eyes darkened. “Roza is his illegitimate daughter, but this has never been exposed.”
###chapter848
“What?” Bella exclaimed, abruptly standing up from her chair. She stared at Axel in disbelief. “Roza is Cole Walker’s illegitimate daughter?” 
“It is understandable why she chose to hide her background from you,” Axel remarked, feeling uneasy as he observed Roza’s background check. 
Compared to those who openly expressed their sadness and misfortune, Axel felt more pity for those like Roza, who kept everything hidden inside. 
“Roza… She’s really foolish,” Bella muttered, feeling like her heart had been torn apart. 
“The two men that Roza drank with last night were high-ranking executives of a foreign construction company. They had business dealings with the Walker family. Piecing together the conversation between Roza and her father last night, I’m guessing it was all 
arranged by the Walker family.” 
“Unbelievable! How could he make his own daughter accompany clients for business like a mere escort? Cole Walker is a heartless 
monster! Has he lost his mind?” Bella slammed the table fiercely, 
causing her coffee to spill from the cup, her eyes ablaze with fury. 
“Ax, I’ll handle this matter. Promise me you will take care of Roza for 
the next few days until she recovers. 
”
Axel was stunned for a moment and didn’t immediately respond. 
Bella glared at him with her beautiful eyes. “Can you do it or not?” 
Axel quickly agreed. “Yes, whatever you ask, I’ll do it. Of course, I can.” 
“What? Now that you know Roza is an illegitimate daughter, are you disturbed by her background?” 
Axel’s face turned red, feeling a bit flustered. “What are you talking about? Am I that kind of snobbish person?” 
Just then, Asher called Bella on the phone, saying. “Bella, Justin will attend a business conference tonight. You can meet him there.” 
“Got it,” Bella replied lightly. 
“Bella, you can ask to meet him privately.” Asher paused and said sincerely, “Although you can’t be husband and wife, nor friends, you don’t have to avoid him forever. Just meet him once.” 
“I don’t want to meet him privately.” Bella did not know why she was a little afraid of seeing Justin. She whispered, “Ash, I would like Arnold to see Justin and schedule the treatment if possible. Once Justin has recovered completely, we can stop having any contact with each 
other.” 
Axel returned to the ward, finding Roza standing by the window with her back to him as she spoke on the phone. 
“I’ve done enough for the Walker family over the years. What more do
you want from me? Do you want me to sell my blood and my body before you’re satisfied?” Roza struggled to suppress the trembling 
anger in her voice, sweating profusely. 
Suddenly, her phone was snatched away from her grip. Axel had 
taken advantage of her momentary distraction to snatch her phone 
away. 
 
Roza lifted her tear-streaked face in astonishment and saw Axel’s remarkably handsome profile. His righteous look inexplicably gave her an unprecedented sense of security from deep within her heart. 
“Hello.” Axel’s voice was icy. 
Cole asked, surprised. “Who… Who are you?” 
“With your status, you’re not worthy of knowing who I am.” Axel sneered. “But let me remind you that what you’re doing is illegal. You’re violating a woman’s will, and can sue you at any time.” 
“Sue me?! Haha. Who do you think you are? Do you even know who I am?” Cole laughed in anger. He didn’t take Axel seriously, thinking he was just a naive youngster that came out of nowhere.
###chapter849
If Cole had known that the person he was talking to was none other than Wyatt Thompson’s second son and Bella Thompson’s second brother, he would probably regret what he said. 
Axel said, lifting his chin with a sardonic smile. “There’s no need for you to brag here. If you ever lay a finger on Roza again, you’ll find out how I’ll deal with you.” 
No one could outmatch the Thompson family in terms of arrogance. 
“You punk!” Cole was furious and yelled, “Who the hell do you think you are?” 
Axel gathered all his courage and proceeded to wrap his hands around Roza’s shoulder, pulling her into his embrace. 
Roza was caught off guard and stumbled into his arms, unable to move for a moment, feeling confused. 
“I’m Roza’s boyfriend.” Axel declared before abruptly hanging up th phone, not giving Cole a chance to answer. 
It suddenly felt awkward, as Axel and Roza were at a loss for words. 
Axel let out an awkward cough and attempted to justify himself.” Sorry, don’t misunderstand this. I got carried away by the 
conversation.” 
“I’m not misunderstanding it. No matter how I look at it, I’m the one who got all the benefits.” Roza smiled bitterly.
Roza was convinced that Axel’s actions were primarily for Bella’s 
sake, not out of genuine care for her. She didn’t want to be delusional and think that someone from a prestigious family like the 
Thompsons would ever truly care for her, especially now that her identity as Cole Walker’s illegitimate daughter was no longer hidden. 
Axel hesitated, gazing at her intently before softly asking, “Last night… We… Uh…” 
“About last night, thank you. If it weren’t for you, I’d probably be dead 
by now,” Roza expressed her gratitude sincerely. 
Axel probed, feeling a bit anxious. “No, I mean… Us… That… You really don’t remember anything at all?” 
Roza looked at him with a puzzled expression, unable to recall anything. 
Axel’s heart sank as he realized she truly had no memory of the events. He couldn’t help but feel like he had been taken advantage of. 
Roza cleared her throat awkwardly. “Can you let go of me?” Roza blushed slightly, feeling embarrassed by the intimate contact. 
Axel’s heart raced, and he quickly released her. 
Roza covered her chest as she slowly returned to the bedside and sat 
down.
Looking at Roza’s thin and slender back made Axel’s heart throb. He 
approached her gently and asked, “Would you like something to eat?” 
“I want some instant noodles,” Roza replied, meeting his gaze. When 
she was feeling down, she always found comfort in a warm bowl of 
instant noodles. 
“Alright, I’ll make it for you.” Axel rolled up his sleeves and thought to himself that she was easy to please, satisfied with just a bowl of 
noodles. 
Roza grabbed his hand and added, “Can you add a soft-boiled egg?” Axel smiled warmly, agreeing, “Of course, I’ll add two for you.”
###chapter850
The Salvador Hotel was hosting the cocktail party at 7:00 p.m. 
Right after the business conference, the bigwigs and elites of Savrow’s business scene hurried to the hotel to join in on the 
festivities. 
Bella sped through the streets in her black Bugatti, with Arnold in the 
passenger seat. He clung to the car door tightly with his gaze fixed 
ahead, too afraid to utter a single word during the journey. He feared 
that if he opened his mouth, his last meal would come out of it. 
As they arrived at the hotel, Bella expertly maneuvered her car into a 
parking spot, smoothly drifting into place. 
“Get out,” Bella instructed as she unbuckled her seatbelt. 
But Arnold remained motionless, his face pale as a sheet of paper. 
Bella blinked her almond-shaped eyes and waved her hand in front of him. “Hey, what’s wrong? Are you scared?” 
“I… Feel like… I’m going to… Throw up.” Arnold managed to stammer out those words. His face turned purple, and his body felt strange.
“Oh!” Bella exclaimed before promptly kicking him out with one foot. ” If you’re going to puke, do it outside! Don’t you dare puke in my car!” 
The moment Arnold opened the car door, he couldn’t hold it in any longer and vomited. As a young master from a prestigious family, this marked his first time experiencing such an embarrassing moment. 
Fortunately, Asher wasn’t around. Otherwise, Arnold would have died 
of embarrassment. After emptying his stomach, Arnold weakly Meaned against the car door, panting heavily. He shot Bella a glare.” Are all Thompsons insane? Why would you drive like you’re flying a plane?” 
“Look at you. Who would have thought a grown man like you would be carsick?” Bella remarked, shaking her head with crossed arms. My driving skills are top-notch, like a pro racer. If you can’t handle this, that’s on you.” 
With that, she handed him a bottle of water, showing some consideration. 
Arnold rinsed his mouth and drank water, taking some time to calm 
down. 
“Hey, don’t forget what you promised me.” 
“I won’t forget.” Bella looked at him with a fake smile and said, “Cure Justin, and I’ll set up a meeting with Dr. Brown for you. I always keep 
my promises.” 
If Arnold were to discover that the woman standing before him and 
manipulating him like a puppet was none other than his idol, Dr.
Brown, he might feel utterly betrayed. 
Just then, a black Bentley drove past them, catching Bella’s attention. 
The license plate seemed oddly familiar to her. 
The Bentley was parked not far away, and the driver got out to open 
the door. 
The two people who stepped out of it were very familiar to Bella. It 
” 
was none other than her second uncle, Cameron, and her cousin, Cecily. 
“Dad, how do I look tonight?” Cecily asked her father eagerly. 
Cecily wore a pink off-the-shoulder evening gown and clutched a silver handbag studded with diamonds. Her long hair flowed down her shoulders, exuding elegance and beauty. 
However, Bella could tell at a glance that Cecily’s dress was an imitation. There was no way that a famous designer brand would ever lend a genuine dress to a so-called “heiress” with neither influence nor social status. Wouldn’t that be self-sabotage? 
Cameron praised his daughter without hesitation. “You look absolutely fabulous! My Cecily is truly stunning! Tonight, you will definitely become the center of attention!” 
Cecily hadn’t even stepped inside yet, but she was already bubbling with excitement.
###chapter851
“Well, being the highlight of the event isn’t what’s important. What 
matters is that Mr. Salvador likes me…” 
From a nearby distance, Bella caught every word of Cecily’s statement. Her eyebrows furrowed slightly. 
Watching Cecily’s affected demeanor, Arnold felt his suppressed nausea resurfacing. 
“Be a good girl. Show Mr. Salvador everything you’ve got and be attentive to him. Then he will gradually develop feelings for you.” 
Even at this moment, Cameron did not miss the chance to belittle Bella. He sneered. “My dear daughter, no matter what, you’re bound to be better than that replaceable Bella My girl, you need to be confident. You’re just as good as Bella. It’s just that you and Mr. Salvador are a bit short on fate, but that doesn’t matter. We can work 
on that. On the contrary, Bella and Mr. Salvador were absolutely not on the cards. Otherwise, how could they end up divorcing each other 
Bella listened quietly to Cameron and her daughter’s arrogant conversation. Her elegant demeanor remained composed. 
Arnold stared in disbelief as Cameron and Cecily left the parking lot. 
“Justin Salvador is your ex-husband?” 
“Yeah, I should’ve told you earlier. It’s not really a secret anymore 
anyway.” Bella’s expression remained indifferent.
“Well, you’re certainly a model ex-wife, then.” 
Arnold could not help but tease Bella, “Most people would wanna 
strangle their exes after a divorce, but here you are, going out of your way to help your ex-husband. Are you still hung up on the past, or does he have something on you?” 
“I simply want a proper closure for myself. Let’s go,” Bella replied emotionlessly, striding toward the hotel. 
Watching Bella’s resolute and distant figure as she walked away, Arnold could not help but find her intriguing. Despite her young age, she possessed a striking resolve, like a sword slicing through a raging 
storm. 
Arnold could not help but smirk. “Bella, you’re growing increasingly fascinating to me.” 
… 
Cameron bumped into an acquaintance midway and struck up a conversation, leaving Cecily to proceed to the banquet hall ahead of 
him. 
With confidence, Cecily presented her invitation to the staff at the 
door. 
“Ms. Cecily, this way, please.” 
“Thanks.”
Just as Cecily was about to step inside after adjusting her hair, she heard the distinct sound of high heels approaching from behind. 
Turning around in surprise, she was startled to see Bella and Arnold 
striding confidently toward the banquet hall, 
Cecily clenched her teeth. Her gaze turned icy. ‘Why is this woman suddenly here? No one informed me that she was going to be here today! Also, who’s the strikingly handsome man accompanying her? He’s so good-looking! Is he her new lover, or perhaps her new 
romantic interest?’ 
“Well, well, Bella! What a pleasant surprise to run into you here!” 
Cecily’s expression changed in a split second as she greeted Bella warmly. 
Arnold scoffed disdainfully. If he had not heard Cameron and Cecily’s arrogant conversation in the parking lot earlier, he might have actually thought that Bella and Cecily had a great relationship as cousins. 
Moments like these were why Arnold was reluctant to return to his 
homeland. The dynamics between these affluent families were too 
complicated and insincere for him. 
“What’s wrong with me being here? If you can grace this hall with your presence, why can’t I?” Bella retorted without sparing Cecily a glance. Her lips curled slightly, and her stance was domineering.
###chapter852
“That’s not what I meant. It’s just that you’ve always been really discreet with your doings. You never show up at events like this.” 
“Really? Well, you’ll have to get used to it now.” 
Bella narrowed her alluring eyes slightly. Her gaze gave off a hint of intrigue as she addressed her cousin. “I’ll be making more public 
appearances from now on. It seems like we’ll have to spend more time catching up, Cecily.” 
Cecily’s face wore a forced smile, though she was seething inside. 
The staff politely asked Bella. “Miss, may I see your invitation, 
please?” 
“I don’t have one,” Bella admitted openly. 
“Pfft!” 
Cecily could not hold back her laughter as she mockingly remarked 
finally seizing an opportunity to regain some ground. “My dear Bella 
have you been out of the loop for too long? Don’t you know that you 
need an invitation to get into a high society event like this? You’re 
making things difficult for the staff.”
The staff looked visibly perplexed. “I’m sorry, miss, but you can’t enter 
without an invitation.” 
“I’m Bella Thompson,” Bella stated calmly, her expression indifferent. 
The name “Bella Thompson” struck the staff like a thunderbolt, 
leaving them.dumbfounded. 
In the past, Bella would just mention her father’s name for 
convenience. 
But now, after causing quite a stir in Savrow, her name alone held enough weight. There was no need to rely on her father’s name 
anymore. 
“Ah, Ms. Thompson! My apologies!” 
“No worries. I had some urgent matters to attend to and wanted to see Mr. Salvador. My bad, I didn’t think this through carefully.” 
Bella then adopted a humble tone, offering a slight smile. “Since I don’t have an invitation, I understand that it’d be hard for you to let me in. Could you please inform Mr. Salvador that I’m here to see him?” 
“It’s alright, Ms. Thompson. Please, come right in!” The staff’s 
attitude was notably more attentive, a complete contrast to their 
previous treatment of Cecily.
“Thank you. This is Mr. Larson, a friend of mine. Can we please en 
together?” Bella asked politely. 
“Of course! This way, please!” 
The staff courteously escorted Bella and Arnold into the banquet hall. 
Cecily was left standing alone at the entrance. Her face flushed with 
frustration as she stomped her foot. 
It had always been like this since they were children. No matter how 
hard Cecily tried, her radiance would inevitably be overshadowed by 
Bella. 
Meanwhile, Justin and Ryan were walking together toward the banquet hall. 
“How is Carrie lately?” Despite Justin’s neutral expression, he was still concerned about his sister’s well-being. 
“Carrie’s been doing well. Once I finish my current tasks, I’m planning 
on taking her to Switzerland for a while so that she can get better treatment.” 
Whenever someone mentioned Carrie, Ryan’s eyes softened with warmth and anticipation for the future. “I’ve reached out to a psychiatrist who can help Carrie overcome her struggles, especially with her autism and trauma.” 
“Trauma? What do you mean?” Justin halted, puzzled.
“I’m not sure either. Yasmin was the one who told me about this. She 
believes that Carrie may have been traumatized previously. I think probably had something to do with Bethany. After all, Bethany constantly bullied Carrie in your house back then. Anyone would 
develop trauma in such a situation.” 
A cold, determined glint flickered in Ryan’s narrowed eyes. “But it doesn’t matter anymore. I’ve already sought revenge for Carrie. If 
Bethany dares to lay her hand on Carrie again, I’ll make sure she faces severe consequences!” 
“Have you done something to Bethany?” Justin asked, his expression cold and detached. 
“Why? Are you concerned about her?”
###chapter853
Chapter 853
Justin replied, "Just curious."
"Well, I didn't do much. I just gave her face a little makeover. Heh."
Ryan could not help but chuckle as he recalled the gruesome sight of Bethany's torture in the warehouse.
"Oh, no wonder. I was wondering why I hadn't seen Bethany lately. I guess she must be too embarrassed to show everyone her face."
Justin nodded thoughtfully and then turned to Ryan with a serious expression. "Carrie has been staying with you all this time. You haven't harmed her in any way, right?
Ryan's heart skipped a beat as he recalled holding Carrie's delicate and soft body last night. He suddenly felt flushed all over.
Just as Ryan struggled to respond, Ian ran over from the other end of the corridor.
"M-Mr. Salvador! Ms. Thompson is here!"
Ryan widened his eyes and looked at Justin. Upon hearing that Bella had arrived, Justin seemed momentarily dazed. He asked again, "Who's here?"
"Ms. Thompson! Ms. Thompson! She's in the banquet hall right now!" Ian exclaimed excitedly, unable to contain his joy.
After all, Ian had not seen the Young Madam in quite a while.
Regardless of whether Justin missed her presence, Ian certainly did.
"Justin! Is Bella here to see you? Gosh, buddy, you've been waiting for this moment for ages! She's finally getting the respect she deserves after all her hardships!" Ryan exclaimed, enthusiastically patting Justin's shoulder.
"Many prominent figures from Savrow will attend tonight's reception."
Justin tried to suppress a certain flutter in his heart, his voice dark and subdued as he said, " Maybe she's here to network. After all, she'll take over the Thompson family business in the future."
"You, old man, why are you always so negative?! Why can't you look at the bright side for once?"
Ryan then asked Ian, "Did Bella come alone, or did she come with Asher?"
Ian replied, "Neither... Ms. Thompson came with a stranger."
"He's not an Iverson, is he?" Ryan could not contain his anger at the thought of that pretty boy, Christopher.
"Not at all. It's a guy who is exceptionally handsome, with a bit of a feminine touch. He
looks like a cunning fox."
Although Ian only managed to catch a glimpse of Arnold from a distance, his remarkably handsome appearance left a deep impression on him.
Upon hearing this, a ripple of emotion stirred in Justin's profound gaze.
This man was neither one of Bella's brothers nor Christopher or anyone Ian knew.
Justin had thought he had moved on from Bella, but any news about her still managed to grab his attention.
Hastening his steps, Justin strode over to the banquet hall.
Upon entering, his eyes immediately landed on Bella, who was shining like a morning star amidst the crowd.
Bella was still clad in a sleek black designer suit, exuding elegance and allure, with her crimson lips captivating Justin's attention.
At this moment, Justin's heart, which he had been forcefully suppressing, began to beat even more rapidly.
Meanwhile, Ryan quickly slipped away to the sidelines, preferring to remain unnoticed.
In the past, Ryan relished making grand entrances at such events. However, ever since he had Carrie with him, he actively avoided public events, especially those with many women, behaving as modestly as a virgin.
This player had found the woman for him. It would be hard to make him revert to his previous lifestyle.
At that instant, Bella also caught sight of Justin.
Justin appeared to her like a flickering flame amidst the darkness, impossible to ignore even if she closed her eyes. His presence emanated an intense heat that sent shivers down her
spine.
It was truly bothersome.
How could she get rid of this man entirely from her heart?
###chapter854
There were a multitude of people in the banquet hall. 
The instant Justin and Bella locked gazes, it felt as though the world 
around them had faded into silence. 
Cecily’s heart fluttered with excitement at the sight of her crush. 
Hastily, Cecily took out her compact powder to freshen up her 
appearance. Then she took cautious steps toward Justin as her heart pounded intensely. 
However, just as she had walked halfway, several socialites 
surrounded Justin, leaving her stranded in the outer circle. 
Cecily clenched her skirt in frustration. ‘Why is it so difficult to get close to this man?’ 
Meanwhile, Bella had silently married this outstanding man in the past, leaving Cecily feeling indignant. Why was fate so biased? Why did every good thing go to Bella? 
The more she thought about it, the angrier she got. She widened her eyes in anger and pushed her way to the front. 
As Cecily got closer to Justin, she pretended to lose her balance and accidentally” lunged toward him. 
Justin furrowed his brows, intending to dodge Cecily, but he was surrounded on all sides and had nowhere to go. Thus, Cecily managed to crash into his arms.
The overwhelming scent of sickeningly sweet perfume hit Justin like a wave, making him dizzy. He felt the urge to shove Cecily away from 
him. 
“Ah… I-I’m sorry, Mr. Salvador. I lost my balance for a moment. I’m really sorry.” Cecily pressed her hands against her chest, adopting a fragile demeanor, though she was thrilled inside. 
No man could resist a woman throwing themselves into their arms, especially not such a beautiful woman like her. 
However, just as Cecily lifted her pitiful eyes to meet Justin’s gaze, she trembled in fear, feeling goosebumps all over her body. 
Those captivating eyes showed no emotion as they stared at her coldly, sending chills down her spine. 
At this moment, Shannon and Bethany happened to come downstairs, so they witnessed this scene. 
Bethany had managed to fix her face, although it had not fully recovered and required thick layers of makeup to conceal the scars 
“Who is that woman who threw herself at Justin?” Shannon yawned 
Just last night, Shannon had taken advantage of Gregory’s trip abroad to have a rendezvous with that young, handsome doctor. 
Youth, indeed, was a blessing. 
After meeting that young doctor, Shannon felt she had regained her youthful glow. 
“Let’s see
” 
Bethany carefully examined the scene and racked her brain before 
recalling, “Oh, her name is Cecily. She’s from the Thompson family.” 
“She’s a Thompson? Since when did the Thompsons have such a little vixen?” Shannon felt annoyed at the mention of the Thompson 
family and quickly labeled Cecily. 
Well, indeed, birds of a feather flock together, and similar characters always recognize each other at sight. 
“She’s Wyatt Thompson’s niece. Her father is Wyatt Thompson’s younger brother, who only holds a nominal position in the group and doesn’t have much real power. So, no matter how much she stirred things up in the circle, she couldn’t really make a big deal out of it.” 
Bethany disdainfully remarked, “I didn’t even recognize her at first glance. I heard she’s addicted to getting cosmetic procedures done. She probably went for another touch-up.” 
Shannon could tell that this girl was not someone to mess with. She could not help but ask, “How is her relationship with Bella?” 
“Not great, from what I’ve heard.” 
“Heh, that’s interesting.” 
With another yawn, Shannon seemed unfazed by the commotion. “Ah, is that annoying girl from the Hoffman family not here today? It would’ve been nice to see them stir something up together. Watching such dramas is really invigorating.”
Bethany knew that Logan Hoffman had been making lots of efforts behind the scenes to get Zoe to marry into their family. At such a moment. Zoe needed to maintain a low profile, which was why she did not attend this event. 
The thought of Zoe soon becoming her sister-in-law left Bethany feeling extremely distressed. It was so bad that she had trouble sleeping.
###chapter855
However, the thought of Zoe being able to help her get revenge on Carrie and Ryan brought Bethany some comfort. 
At this moment, Bethany casually scanned the room. 
When she spotted Ryan sitting on the sofa in the corner, she was 
haunted by immense trauma. Her legs suddenly weakened, and she plopped down on the steps in fright. 
People around her turned their attention to Bethany, enjoying her embarrassing predicament. 
“What’s wrong with you?” 
Shannon stared at the pale-faced Bethany with disdain. “Get up now! People are watching!” 
However, Bethany’s legs were still trembling. She could not stand up. 
It marked the first instance in her life where she experienced the feeling of being threatened, subdued, and tormented by psychologi 
trauma. 
Bethany thought, ‘Ryan Hoffman… You’re a devil!’ 
Bella helplessly watched as Cecily fell into Justin’s embrace and 
thought, ‘That despicable man didn’t even try to push her away 
immediately.’
A chill swept over Bella, numbing her delicate features. 
Meanwhile, Arnold picked up his champagne glass leisurely, took a 
sip, and leaned on the table, watching the commotion around Justin 
with amusement, 
Arnold clicked his tongue twice. “My dear cousin, I think I now 
understand why the both of you got a divorce. This man is a chick 
magnet. Being with him feels like having your backyard on fire every day. There’s simply no sense of security for you. Besides, look at him 
now. He must be feeling incredibly pleased with himself, right? He doesn’t even acknowledge you, his ex-wife, anymore. You’re just wasting your time on him.” 
“Are you done talking nonsense?” Bella shot Arnold a cold look. 
“That’s not nonsense. It’s the truth! I’m only telling you this because 
you’re my cousin. If it were someone else, I wouldn’t even bother 
telling them this.” Arnold smirked. 
“Get out of the way,” Justin said coldly to Cecily. 
“Huh? Ah!” 
Cecily did not even have time to react before Justin forcefully push 
her aside, sending her stumbling back.
With her unstable footing on her towering heels, she fell backwa 
The two women behind her quickly moved out of the way, as if avoiding a plague. Cecily ended up sitting on the ground in 
embarrassment. 
Just then, Cameron walked into the banquet hall with other guests and caught sight of his daughter’s humiliating situation. 
One of the guests beside Cameron asked, “Mr. Thompson, I heard that your daughter is also here tonight.” 
Cameron was so embarrassed that he wished he could bury himself in a hole. 
He regretted bringing Cecily along. The venture had barely begun, and his reputation was already in tatters! 
The situation suddenly became a little chaotic. 
Cecily sat on the ground, dumbfounded by what just happened. 
Suddenly, a familiar sound of high heels approached from behind Cecily, one step at a time, as if treading on her spine. 
“Mr. Salvador.” 
The voice speaking was crisp and pleasant, graceful yet commanding, sending shivers down Justin’s spine. 
“It’s Bella Thompson!”
“Yeah! That’s her! Gosh… She’s even more beautiful in person. She 
has such long legs, slender shoulders, and fair skin!” 
“I love her suit. It’s so stylish! My high-end gown doesn’t look as appealing to me anymore.” 
“Come on. If you have a beautiful face like Bella, you’d look good eve 
in a potato sack! She’s probably the only one who could pull off that suit, too. Who else could look that good in it?” 
The socialites immediately made a path for Bella. 
Justin locked eyes with her, suppressing the tumultuous desire in his heart as he walked past Cecily without batting another eye.
###chapter856
It was as if Cecily was nothing more than trash to Justin. 
Cecily was utterly disoriented. She was kneeling on the ground, even forgetting to stand up. 
No despair exists without comparison. 
In fact, she had never felt worse. 
“Yes, Ms. Thompson? Do you need something?” Justin approached 
Bella, his gaze piercing and his voice rough. 
“Yeah. Can we speak in private?” Bella’s eyes remained calm. She did 
not raise her voice, but it was audible. 
Justin agreed without hesitation. “Sure.” 
Amidst the onlookers’ gazes, the two big shots left the banquet hall. 
Behind them were only murmurs of astonishment, echoing one af 
another. 
They were truly a perfect match, so well-matched that it filled othe 
with envy. 
Bella and Justin made their way to the hotel’s back garden.
The cool night air gently tousled Bella’s dark hair, creating a 
picturesque scene. 
Their silence seemed to carry a thousand unspoken words, yet they 
understood each other without saying a word. 
Even their silence was filled with mutual understanding, evoking a 
sense of melancholy. 
“I wasn’t expecting you to be here tonight. You even came with a new companion.” Justin broke the silence, his words still as sharp as ever. “I thought you’d be here with Mr. Iverson.” 
“What? Are you disappointed that I didn’t show up with Chris?” Bella retorted, “Well, I didn’t expect to see you so close with my cousin either. The way you two were interacting earlier seemed quite sweet. Did my sudden appearance ruin your little moment with her?” 
She had a real knack for sharp-tongued remarks. 
Justin felt a lump in his throat, struggling with a mix of emotions. His handsome face flushed red, then paled. 
“Did you call me out here for this?” Justin asked coldly, “We’ve been divorced for quite some time already. Are you still concerned about 
the women I associate with?” 
Bella smirked, shaking her finger dismissively. “Justin, don’t think to highly of yourself. Whoever you choose to associate with is none o my concern. But if you’re actually interested in Cecily, perhaps I
could help you out there. After all, she’s my cousin. Well, you never know. We might even end up being in-laws someday.” 
With clenched fists, Justin felt a surge of heat rising within him. 
No one could ever provoke him like Bella did. 
Only Bella managed to stir up this part of him. 
“But remember, Cecily is still part of the Thompson family. It’s not appropriate for her to just be your mistress. So, why don’t you think it over? Instead of wavering between Ms. Hoffman and Cecily, why 
don’t you make a choice and stick with it?” 
Her words could not have been harsher. 
Justin felt a twist in his heart, his eyes fuming with anger as he pressed Bella firmly against the tree trunk, his arm supporting him as he leaned in. He glared down at her with intense, dark eyes that were 
swirling with turbulent emotions. 
Bella’s throat felt dry, and her lips were tightly pressed together. 
She could even feel the subtle tremors of Justin’s muscles beneath 
his dark suit, but she dared not meet his gaze. 
“Bella, if you’ve chosen to leave me, you should’ve stayed away from 
1. Why do you keep coming back to me?”
“Justin…” 
Justin’s pale lips moved closer to Bella’s. His lowered gaze turn 
hazy. “I may have loved you, but that doesn’t mean you can tramp 
on my dignity over and over again!”
###chapter857
Justin’s words, though devoid of any profanity, felt like a sharp blade 
piercing through Bella, leaving her with a bloody wound. 
“Justin, I’ve never trampled on your dignity. After our divorce, wasn’t it 
you who came crawling back every time, unable to accept reality?” 
Bella’s eyes subtly reddened, yet she defiantly flashed a smile that could infuriate even the calmest soul. “Your dignity is something you willingly discarded. How dare you have the audacity to blame me for 
it now?” 
She thought to herself, ‘I shouldn’t have come here. I shouldn’t have bothered about his condition! Justin, you deserve to wallow in your 
own misery!’ 
Justin’s breath hitched. Suddenly, he felt dizzy, and his towering figure swayed slightly. 
“Hey! What the hell are you doing?!” 
Swoosh! 
Before Justin could speak, a pebble, aimed with precision, struck 
Justin at the back of his head. 
Justin winced in pain, his brows furrowing tightly.
Meanwhile, Arnold stormed toward Justin, aiming to grab the collar 
of his shirt. 
However, Justin’s reflexes were lightning-fast. 
He deftly dodged to the side, leaving Arnold to grasp at thin air as he stumbled forward several meters. With his naturally long limbs, he resembled a mantis poised to strike. 
Bella, who had been quite furious, could not help but stifle a laugh at Arnold’s comical mishap. She pressed her lips tightly together. 
Justin’s brows furrowed, his hands reaching to rub the back of his neck. A hint of sinister allure now tinged his handsome features. 
“Is that all you’ve got? Sneaking up on someone from behind?” 
“Sneaking up on someone from behind? I’d rather do that than resort to assaulting women in the dark!” 
Arnold dusted himself off and got up from the ground, still shaken by Justin’s reaction earlier. “You’re already divorced, yet you still resort to violence? You’re the mighty president of the Salvador Corporation. Is that all you’ve got?” 
“What exactly is your relationship with her?” Justin stared at Arnold with cold eyes. 
This feminine-looking guy dared to lay hands on him for Bella, so Justin thought that he must also hold Bella in high regard. 
Stumped on how to introduce himself, Arnold opened his mouth, only for Bella to softly interject, “His name is Arnold Larson, a neurologist I brought over from Meridan.”
A neurologist? 
Justin suddenly realized something and fell silent. 
“I came here specifically for your condition this time,” Bella said 
calmly, her gaze steady as she looked at Justin, devoid of any extra emotion, like a doctor examining a patient. 
The distant look in her eyes only fueled Justin’s irritation. 
“I’m not sick,” Justin responded coldly. 
“Don’t act tough. You know better than anyone whether you’re sick or not.” 
Bella spoke solemnly. “Previously, you suffered a severe head injury. Although I performed surgery on you, it wasn’t entirely successful. Whenever you get emotional, your body will tremble involuntarily, and your actions will become uncontrollable. Over time, you may start hallucinating and even lose consciousness. If it gets serious, you may become paralyzed. Do you really want to end up like that? Aren’t you afraid of how devastated Grandpa would be if he found out?” 
Arnold looked at Bella in disbelief. 
Justin’s brain surgery… She was the one who operated on him?! 
How unbelievable!
###chapter858
“Dr. Larson is a renowned neurologist from Meridan. I brought him to Savrow to treat your sequela,” said Bella. 
“You may leave now. I don’t need treatment,” Justin responded curtly, his gaze lowered in rejection. 
“Do you think I’m seeking your approval, Justin?” Bella’s eyes widened 
with indignation. 
“And did you think I would approve of it, Bella? My health is none of your concern. You need not bother,” Justin retorted icily, his tone 
devoid of emotion. 
“You!” 
“If you wish to continue attending the event, please proceed to the banquet hall. If your sole purpose here was to discuss this matter with me, you can leave with your companion now.” 
As Justin finished his sentence, he turned around expressionlessly 
and walked away without hesitation. 
“You fool! Have you lost your mind?!” Bella yelled after him. 
However, Justin continued walking. 
“Justin! Stop right there! Justin Salvador!” 
As he moved farther away, his imposing figure vanished into the night.
Bella stood still in place, allowing the cold wind to batter her slender frame. She felt the chill seeping into her core, permeating every fiber 
of her being…. 
A profound sense of loss crept up her legs, winding its way through her and making it impossible to evade. 
“Someone once offered me $1 billion to treat them, but I didn’t agree to it. Now that I’ve personally come to see Mr. Salvador, he wouldn’t even spare me a glance. Heh.” 
Arnold leaned against the tree trunk, chuckling playfully. “Well, should we call Mr. Salvador a tough guy, or should we say that he’s just plain 
dumb?” 
“He’s just plain dumb.” Bella’s eyes welled up with tears. 
“Yeah, that’s what I thought too. I just didn’t want to say it.” 
Arnold watched Bella’s trembling figure quietly, then asked softly, Hey, do you still love him?” 
Bella felt a sudden jab in her heart. She clasped her fingers tightly. 
What did you just say?” 
“I’m asking if you still love Justin.” 
“Does that have anything to do with you?” 
“You still love him.” Arnold’s fox-like eyes narrowed. “Your lack of a
direct answer is an answer in itself.” 
“Arnold, now that you’ve seen all this, I’ll just tell you about it.” 
Bella turned to face Arnold, speaking each word carefully. “I once 
loved him very, very much. I even thought my heart could beat a 
lifetime for him. Even if he didn’t love me, I was willing to be there for 
him for a lifetime. But now, all I feel is guilt toward him. I don’t want to owe him anything anymore. That’s all.” 
With a graceful smile and a casual wave, Bella strode forward 
confidently. “Let’s leave the past behind.” 
Arnold’s heart skipped a beat, his smile fading slowly. 
He was not one to believe in true love, but if he ever encountered it, he 
would deeply respect it. 
* 
Meanwhile, in the underground parking lot…
###chapter859
Cecily was crying in the car with snot and tears streaming down her face. Her makeup smudged messily across her eyes, making it hard to even look at her. 
“Stop it! What are you crying for? Look at yourself! You’re so pathetic!” Cameron exclaimed, his nose flaring in irritation. 
“Sob… Sob… What’s wrong with crying? I made a complete fool of myself in front of so many people. What’s wrong with shedding a few 
tears?” 
Cecily sniffed miserably, wiping away her tears. “Mr. Salvador is just too much… I fell right in front of him, and he didn’t even bother to help me up! How could he just ignore me like that? He’s only interested in that despicable Bella! She’s got him completely wrapped around her 
finger!” 
Cameron recalled Justin’s cold, indifferent gaze that was fixed on 
Bella, and it fueled his anger. 
“Dad… Mr. Salvador is definitely still hung up on Bella! What am I supposed to do?” Cecily sobbed. 
“What kind of nonsense is that?! If he had still been interested in her, they wouldn’t have gotten a divorce! They got a divorce because they 
couldn’t stand each other for another day!”
Cameron sighed heavily, his gaze darkening. “Right now, if you want to get closer to Justin, Bella isn’t your only obstacle! There’s also that girl from the Hoffman family!” 
Thinking of Zoe, Cecily felt a headache coming on. 
On top of that, rumors of a marriage alliance between the Hoffmans and Salvadors were circulating widely, fueled by Zoe’s recent scandal involving Justin in the hotel. 
But for some reason, she always felt that Zoe, that inexperienced girl, was not much of a threat. 
It was Bella who she was afraid of. Cecily felt like Bella was hovering over her like a sword ready to fall on her head, constantly giving her a sense of impending danger. Bella’s presence is like a bone stuck in her throat, like a thorn in her side, like sitting on pins and needles! 
“Yeah… And that girl from the Hoffman family…” 
Cecily sniffled, “Mr. Salvador is really something. I can understand if he favors Bella, but how can he still be tangled up with that Zoe girl? Am I not even as good as that brat?” 
“You. You’re usually quite sharp, yet somehow oblivious in matters 
the heart.” 
Cameron disdainfully clicked his tongue. “Justin doesn’t see Zoe as his equal. Maybe this whole hotel rendezvous thing was just some scheme Zoe cooked up to marry Justin so that she could become the lady boss of the Salvador Corporation. If Justin really had feelings for 
that Hoffman girl, why hasn’t he made any official announcements or 
declarations yet? I don’t think this marriage alliance will actually 
happen!”
Upon hearing this, Cecily had a sudden epiphany. 
She always listened to her father, knowing he was a very decisive 
person. Otherwise, he would not have stood a chance against her decisive and ruthless Uncle Wyatt. 
“Well, since the Hoffmans can resort to such tactics, why can’t we? Right now, it’s better to seize the opportunity when it presents itself.” Cameron narrowed his eyes. 
Cecily quickly asked, “Dad, what do you mean?” 
“Cecily, as the saying goes, if you don’t let go of the bait, you’ll never catch the fish. If you don’t give up your dignity, you won’t get a rich 
husband!” 
Cameron patted Cecily’s shoulder heavily. “In my opinion, if you truly desire Mr. Salvador, you have to let go of your morals and take a risk.” 
Morals? She never had them to begin with. 
Take risks? That was definitely necessary. 
If she was unwilling to take risks, how did she expect to marry Justin? 
“Dad! My dear daddy, do you have any ideas in mind? Tell me quickly Cecily hooked her arm around Cameron’s and coquettishly asked. 
“As things stand, your chances of privately meeting Justin are not 
plentiful, so you must seize every opportunity!” Cameron whispered in
her ear for a while, and Cecily’s tightly furrowed brow suddenly 
relaxed, as if a heavy burden had been lifted. 
“Got it, Dad. To become Mr. Salvador’s wife, I’ll do anything you ask of me!”” 
Justin returned to the banquet hall, visibly in a sour mood. 
=Ryan immediately rushed to his side, carefully observing him for a moment before tentatively asking, “What’s wrong? You didn’t have a fallout with Bella, did you?”
###chapter860
“There wasn’t much to talk about, to begin with.” Justin sank heavily into the sofa, downing the champagne in his glass in a gulp. 
Thoughts of Bella left him feeling suffocated and restless. 
He felt so suffocated that he could not catch his breath. His starry eyes burned with frustration. 
“Y-You’re unbelievable! If Bella is willing to meet you, it must be to 
clear the air between the two of you! Why didn’t you seize the opportunity to mend things and win her over? You don’t seriously want to become my brother-in-law, do you?! On behalf of the Hoffman family, I’ll be the first to oppose your marriage!” Ryan glared at Justin, looking like a flustered secretary trying to talk some sense into his 
clueless boss. 
“Ryan, do you think I’m the only one at fault here?” Justin’s hand tightened around the glass, his knuckles straining against his skin a if he were forcibly suppressing some tormenting emotion. 
“What do you mean? So, you’re blaming Bella now, is that it?” 
“I don’t know.” 
“Justin, you have no right to blame Bella after all the sacrifices she made for you. If you truly love her, everything she does will make 
sense to you! Don’t even try to reason with women. That’s simply the 
stupidest act ever,” Ryan said frankly
As Justin pondered, footsteps approached them. 
“Mr. Salvador and Mr. Hoffman, what a pleasure to meet you gentlemen!” 
Both of them looked up, and before them stood Cameron and Cecily. 
Upon seeing this woman, Justin’s gaze turned cold instantly. 
He did not say a word, yet his demeanor made it clear that he did not want to associate with the Thompson family duo. 
Earlier, Cecily had just cried miserably in the parking lot, but now she had reapplied her makeup, particularly emphasizing her eye makeup. Her pink-tinted eyes appeared quite pitiable and coquettish. 
Ryan was not familiar with Cameron, let alone Cecily. 
However, as the heir of the Hoffman Group, Ryan would still be polite 
to people. 
So Ryan stood up, smiled politely, and asked, “Forgive my ignorance. 
don’t believe we’ve met before.” 
“I’m Cameron Thompson, the Vice Chairman of KS Group.” 
With a genial smile, Cameron added, “Oh, now that I think about it, M Salvador is closer to our family. After all, he had quite a deep relationship with my eldest niece.” 
“Eldest niece?” Ryan was slightly surprised. 
“Yes, my elder brother’s pride and joy, Bella Thompson. She’s my
niece.” 
As Cameron explained, he wrapped his arm around Cecily’s shoulder. With warmth in his voice, he continued, “Bella is Cecily’s cousin. They 
grew up together since they were young and have always been close! 
Ryan recoiled in surprise. 
So, this Cameron guy was actually Wyatt Thompson’s younger 
brother! 
This came off as a bit of a surprise. Ryan reassessed his opinion of 
Cameron. 
Cecily noticed that Ryan’s expression had softened considerably, and she could not help but feel a sense of triumph. Despite being an insignificant member of the Thompson family, Cameron still had the advantage of their powerful name, which commanded respect. 
“Do you both need something?” Justin asked, his voice cold as he 
swirled his champagne glass. 
There was no warmth in his reception, not even a hint of it. 
In fact, he felt a strong aversion to Cameron’s attempts to cozy up him, especially with his frequent mentions of Bella, as if trying to 
his favor.
Over the years, as the president of the Salvador Corporation, Jus has encountered too many insincere and cunning individuals in th 
business world. Although he was young, he had developed a keen ey for discerning people’s true intentions. 
While Cameron may be Wyatt’s brother, he was nothing like Chairman 
Thompson. 
They, too, were simply not compatible. 
“Ahem… Well, you see, my daughter acted rashly in front of you 
earlier, Mr. Salvador. She’s here to offer her apologies. But I assure 
you, my daughter knows her boundaries. Mr. Salvador, I hope you won’t misunderstand her intentions,” Cameron added, forcing a smile. 
“M-Mr. Salvador, I apologize for my behavior earlier. I’m really sorry…” Cecily added, her hands clasped in front of her, looking quite pitiful.
###chapter861
Justin did not even raise his head to look at Cecily. He sipped on his wine and said casually, “It’s nothing. I didn’t take it to heart.” 
“Cecily, don’t be so reckless and clumsy anymore. You are also representing the Thompson family. How is this behavior proper?” 
Cameron criticized his daughter sternly. “You should learn from your cousin. You keep saying people like her more, but even as your father, I’m starting to find you inferior!” 
“I’m sorry, Dad. I will learn from Bella.” 
Cecily bit her lip, tears shining in her eyes. “If I try harder, Bella will eventually approve of me, right? She wouldn’t look down on me like 
before.” 
“Look down on you?” 
Justin’s eyes darkened, and he raised his brows. “I was married Bella, and I know what kind of person she is. When she was with she never looked down on anyone. Why would she look down on 
cousin?” 
Ryan nodded on the side. 
Although Ryan had a foul mouth and acted like a bastard sometimes, 
he knew when to be serious.
“I… I don’t mean that…” Cecily was embarrassed, and her face flushed. 
“I know Bella, so I won’t believe your words. But I’ll advise you not to 
talk about her like that when you’re outside if your relationship with her is as close as Mr. Cameron says.” 
A sharp light flashed across Justin’s eyes. He did not threaten Cecily, but his words brought a strong sense of intimidation. 
Cecily panicked, signaling desperately to Cameron with her eyes. 
“Cecily, you don’t even know how to talk. Look, Mr. Salvador has 
misunderstood!” 
Cameron could only intervene. “Cecily, offer a toast to Mr. Salvador and apologize! Mr. Salvador, please don’t blame Cecily. She speaks before she thinks, and she lacks in many areas. Can you not be angry with her for Bella’s sake?” 
Cameron could not be more humble, but he had no choice. If he did not put himself in a lower position, Justin might just leave! 
Justin respected Wyatt, and Cameron was Wyatt’s brother, after all. 
At this moment, a waiter brought over a tray with several glas 
champagne.
Cecily simply took two glasses for herself and Justin. “Mr. Salv please accept my apologies. I will be more careful in the future.” 
Coincidentally, Justin had finished his champagne and was thinki about getting another glass. He took the glass Cecily offered him an 
downed the drink. 
Cecily smiled and gracefully finished her glass of wine. 
“Mr. Hoffman, I have a few business partners of KS Group that are interested in working with the Hoffman Group. Why don’t you come 
with me for a small chat? Perhaps we could work together.” Cameron extended an invitation to Ryan like a kind senior. 
Ryan’s eyes lit up as he heard it. 
He was interested in women and money, seizing any business 
opportunity he sensed. After all, if he wanted to stand against his 
uncle, he needed to expand his connections in the business field. It was his main purpose for coming here tonight. 
“Justin, I’m heading over there!” 
After that, he left with Cameron, leaving Justin and Cecily alone. Justin’s face darkened.
“Mr. Salvador, there will be a dance later. Do you mind…” Cecily’s eyelashes fluttered as she took the opportunity to invite Justin. 
However, before she could finish her sentence, Justin shot her a cold 
glare. 
She was terrified and dared not express her intentions any furt
###chapter862
“Ms. Cecily, you should know that am your cousin’s ex-husband.” Justin’s side profile was beautiful and intimidating. 
He finally spoke to her. 
However, it was about Bella. 
“Yes, I know,” Cecily replied weakly. 
“So, I think you should be more mindful of your surroundings. Don’t appear in front of me, especially when Bella is around.” 
Cecily did not know what got to her. She misunderstood his words and asked with a flushed face, “Then… Does it mean that when Bella 
is not around, I could…” 
“I think you have no chance of meeting me at all at other times ignore what you say. Don’t overthink it.” Justin’s gaze was cold a 
drank another glass of champagne. 
Cecily was so embarrassed that she wanted to find a hole to hide She was shamelessly clinging to this man, who gave her the cold 
shoulder. 
She had been quite successful in her romantic life over the past few
years. It had always been men chasing after her relentlessly, and this 
was the first time she had willingly thrown herself at a man. 
However, it did not matter. 
Justin was worth it! As long as she could become Justin’s wife, she 
and her father could finally raise their heads in front of Wyatt, no longer needing to rely on him. 
Justin drank one glass after another. Anyone who wasn’t blind could see that he was in a bad mood. 
Cecily sat beside him, accompanying him in drinking while observing 
his reactions. 
An unnoticeable, wicked smile flashed across her eyes. 
When Cameron ordered the waiter to serve them champagne just now, their plan had silently unfolded. 
She thought, ‘Drink. Drink more. Then, you will forget about Bella. You will only see me from now on.” 
After coming out of the backyard, Bella and Arnold did not hurry back. 
It was not that Bella was unwilling to part with Justin. She had co all this way, so she had to take a look at Shannon’s current situati 
Bella wandered around the house for some time but did not see 
Shannon. Arnold had already felt a little impatient.
“Hey, what are you looking for?” 
“Someone.”. 
“Who?” 
“It has nothing to do with you.” Bella focused on searching for her 
enemy and could not be bothered to entertain Arnold. 
“Tsk, what is it? You’re acting so mysterious.” 
Arnold pouted. “Oh. Since Justin refuses to get treated, does it mean I can go back immediately?” 
“No,” Bella straight-up opposed. 
“Why? I have things going on in Meridan. Do you think I have the time to waste here with you?” 
“I’ll meet Grandpa Nigel tomorrow and ask him to talk to Justin. Even though Justin doesn’t listen to me, he’ll listen to Grandpa Nigel.” Bella was determined about this matter. Once she decided on something, nobody could change her mind. 
“Tsk! He doesn’t even appreciate you. Unbelievable!” 
While Arnold wanted to vent his resentment, Bella suddenly shushed 
him.
###chapter863
Not far away, two people walked out of the lounge. It was Shannon’s personal assistant and maid. 
Bella quickly pulled Arnold with her and hid behind a pillar, secretly eavesdropping on them. 
The maid muttered, “What’s wrong with Madam Shannon recently? 
She’s acting weird.” 
“Yeah, she was fine on the way here. Now, she asked me to bring her clothes because she felt cold. But when she put on the jacket, she said it was too thick and scolded me for it.” The assistant looked 
indignant. 
“Not just that! I wonder what’s going on with Madam Shannon’s body? Her body temperature is so unstable, and her appetite has 
increased!” 
The maid looked around cautiously and said, “Did you know that I once saw Madam Shannon in the kitchen at midnight, eating the d inside the fridge?” 
“How is that possible? Madam Shannon never eats desserts to 
maintain her figure!” 
“Who knows? She was stuffing her mouth with cake. I was horrified…” 
Bella and Arnold heard them clearly, both frowning. 
“Also…”
The maid inched closer to the assistant and whispered in a lower voice, “Did Madam Shannon have an affair?” 
The assistant’s face turned pale, nudging the maid. “If you want to stay alive, you’d better take these words to your grave! We grew up together, so I’ll let this slide. But you can’t say this to another person! Do you hear me?” 
“Fine! But did Madam Shannon have an affair?” The maid insisted. 
“I don’t know the specifics, but Madam Shannon kept going for cosmetic treatments recently, and she has been quite close with that handsome young doctor. But we can’t conclude that she’s having an affair just because of this.” 
The two then disappeared from the doorway. 
Bella, who heard everything, frowned and was lost in her thoughts. 
“Hmm… This sounds weird.” Arnold rubbed his chin. 
“You think it’s weird too?” 
“A sudden increase in appetite, feeling hot and cold, unstable 
emotions… These abnormal symptoms sound like someone wh 
trying to give up on drugs.” 
Bella curled her lips coldly and walked to a corner. Her back faced 
Arnold as she dialed a number. 
Someone picked up the call soon. A young male voice spoke with a
respectful and polite tone. “Ms. Thompson, you finally contacted me.” 
Bella said, “Simon, it’s been quite some time. How have you been?” 
“Thanks to you, my cosmetic clinic has been thriving. Everything is 
fine.” 
Simon Fairchild was a talented plastic surgeon who came from a poor family. He was admitted to Savrow’s top university with excellent academic results. However, due to his family condition and his father’s early death, coupled with his mother’s illness, the heavy burden on him almost made him give up on his studies. 
Later on, Wyatt used Bella’s name to establish a joint scholarship foundation with the university. Bella selected Simon as one of the recipients from the vast number of students. 
Their relationship was not purely between a beneficiary and a sponsor. Over the years, Bella occasionally asked about his academic life, although they had never met. 
Although Bella was the daughter of the wealthiest family in Hatchbay, she did not look down on him at all. Whenever Simon gathered the courage to email her, she would definitely reply within three day 
To Simon, Bella was not only his benefactor. She was also a light that pulled him out of hell. 
He would provide his assistance to Bella as long as she wanted it 
would do anything for her at any time. 
“Simon, has Shannon Quarry been getting injections from you recently?” Bella lowered her voice. 
“Yes. She comes every week. At first, she only took one shot. Now,
she needs three injections to be satisfied.” 
Simon smiled coldly. “As the dosage increases, the side effects will 
become more obvious. If I’m not mistaken, she may be binge eating, 
feeling cold for no reason, and suffering from insomnia.”
###chapter864
“Even more terrifying side effects are waiting for her.” 
Bella realized that the symptoms matched what the assistant and 
maid mentioned earlier. 
“The way she is now has nothing to do with others. It’s her own fault.” 
“If you want, I can send her to hell with one injection.” Simon was like a machine without emotions, talking about death like it was nothing. 
Bella was speechless. “Uh…” 
“She abused drugs and signed an agreement, so she has to take some of the responsibility. Moreover, dying of overdose is not uncommon in the industry. It will be treated as a medical accident. At worst, my medical license will be revoked, and I will be jailed for two 
years.” Simon was fearless. 
“There’s no need. It’s not worth it to sacrifice your life for an evil bi 
like Shannon.” 
Bella sighed softly. “Simon, you’re working for me, so don’t worry will ensure you walk away from this unscathed, and it won’t affec 
you too much.” 
“It doesn’t matter, Ms. Thompson. I don’t care what happens to me.
The most important thing is to avenge your family.” 
Simon completely disregarded his own safety. “Rest assured, I have 
saved evidence. I could ruin Shannon’s image at any time with that 
evidence.” 
“Now is still not the time.” 
Bella clenched her fists in the dark and took a deep breath. “Even if we expose the evidence now, I don’t have a surefire way to defeat her. I want her to lose everything, lose Gregory’s support, and make everyone despise and reject her. If I make a move, I want to make sure she will never be able to recover from the fall!” 
Justin had good alcohol tolerance, but somehow, his head felt heavy after only a few glasses tonight. He was unable to catch his breath, and his eyelids were shut. 
At this moment, the dance had begun. 
The crowd went dancing on the dance floor. Nobody noticed what was happening between Justin and Cecily. 
Justin struggled to catch his breath. He tugged at the Windsor knot at his collar, his throat dry, as a faint blush appeared on his cheek 
The heat was like a light feather, teasing his sensitive nerves. 
“Mr. Salvador, what’s wrong? Do you feel uncomfortable?” 
Cecily looked concerned, but her lips could not help curling up.
She knew the drug was taking effect 
Justin leaned backward weakly as he closed his eyes and tried to 
adjust his breathing, attempting to suppress the heat that surged 
within his body. 
What champagne was this to have such a strong delayed effect? 
Or did Bella mess with his mind, causing him to feel depressed, which in turn made him drink more? 
“I’m fine. I don’t need you.” Justin’s attitude toward Cecily was still 
aloof. 
“Your face is so red. Are you having a fever?” 
Cecily encouraged herself as she spoke, pressing her soft breasts against Justin’s body. She raised her hand to touch his forehead. 
Suddenly, there was a crisp slap. 
“Ah!” Justin ruthlessly slapped away Cecily’s hand, and it turned red immediately. 
The next second, Justin glared at her with maddened red eyes. He gritted his teeth and growled, “Don’t touch me. Scram!”
###chapter865
His blood-red eyes stared at her coldly. 
Terrified, Cecily trembled, not daring to breathe heavily. She explained in a panic, “Mr. Salvador, I don’t mean anything else. I was just concerned about your health!” 
Justin pressed his hands on the armrest, supporting himself to stand 
Just as he stood still, he felt the world spinning, and the indescribable heat spread throughout his veins like a raging fire. 
Justin used the wall as a support to walk out of the banquet hall with 
difficulty. 
However, Cecily could not possibly give up. She immediately followed 
Justin. 
This was a rare opportunity for her, so she had to grasp it. If she could sleep with Justin, Bella or Zoe would not be an obstacle fo 
anymore. 
In the empty hallway, Cecily became emboldened and threw herself a Justin. It was like what Cameron had said-she was truly shameless! 
“Mr. Salvador, you can’t even stand steadily. Let me bring you back to 
your room to rest, alright?”
“Get lost… Stay away from me. Can’t you understand what I’m saying?!” Justin pushed her away with all his might, his eyes filled 
with rage. 
The disdain in his eyes could not be more glaring. It was as if Cecily 
was the plague. 
Cecily was angry and anxious. She gritted her teeth and tried to hold 
onto Justin. 
“Hey! What are you doing?!” 
A harsh voice came from behind. Cecily’s face turned pale with fright, and she quickly let go of her hand that was holding onto Justin’s arm. 
Ryan was furious as he strode over to Justin’s side. He domineeringly put his arm around Justin’s shoulder and put some distance between 
his friend and Cecily. 
“Ms. Cecily, what are you trying to do?” 
“I…” 
Cecily forced herself to keep calm, but Ryan’s imposing presence was no joke. A chill ran down her spine “Mr. Salvador seems to be in a bad mood. He drank a lot and got wasted, so I wanted to help to 
his room.”
“He was wasted? I know Justin’s alcohol tolerance better than anyone. He’s clear-headed before drinking with you. How is it that he’s drunk after two glasses?” Ryan scrutinized Cecily suspicious 
“Mr. Hoffman, what do you mean by that?” 
Cecily felt guilty, and her face flushed with anxiety. “I am from the Thompson family. My father is a reputable vice president of the KS Group. Could I have drugged Mr. Salvador? I’m not that despicable!” 
“Who knows? Justin is just too handsome and outstanding. I’ve seen too many women over the years who threw themselves at him, including those with a better background than you, Ms. Cecily.” Ryan 
was fearless. He could say anything when he was pissed off. 
He did not show any mercy, even though Cecily was Bella’s cousin. 
“Justin, how do you feel?” Ryan lowered his head and checked 
Justin’s condition with concern. 
“Let’s go…” Justin murmured in a daze. 
“Okay. Right away!” 
Ryan supported Justin and quickly walked while nagging, “How would you survive without me? You can do without women, but you can’t 
live without me!” 
“Wait!” 
Cecily was unwilling to give up and called out anxiously.
Ryan suddenly stopped and looked at her coldly. “Ms. Cecily, you to put away your inappropriate thoughts. Justin is some can never get.” 
“Why…”
###chapter866
“Justin already has someone in his heart, and you are far inferior to her.” Ryan chuckled lightly, unbothered to explain further. 
“Who? Is it Bella?” 
Cecily’s competitive personality was ignited. Sweat dripped down 
from her forehead as she questioned persistently, “Aren’t they divorced? If they love each other, how could they be divorced?” 
“Tsk, what do you know?” 
Ryan could not help but laugh. He retracted his cold gaze. “Although they are divorced, their feelings haven’t faded. Justin’s love for Bella is far from what you could imagine. 
“Even though they are divorced and Bella might remarry in the future, nobody could replace her in Justin’s heart. Nobody.” 
Looking at the two men leaving, Cecily felt like she had lost 
strength. She could not stand steadily. 
After a long while, she stomped her feet on the ground unwillingly 
screamed into the hallway. 
“I don’t believe it! Liar! I don’t believe your nonsense!” 
Ryan took Justin to his car in the shortest time possible. In fact,
along the way, he had already figured out that Justin was not drunk. 
Someone had drugged him. 
However, Ryan could not figure out when Justin was drugged. At that time, the waiter brought a tray of champagne. Cecily randomly took two glasses. How did she make sure Justin drank the spiked glass? 
Were all the glasses spiked? 
What a cunning trick! 
“Justin, I’ll send you to your villa. You can’t go back like this.” 
Justin’s breathing became more rapid. He kept tugging on his shirt until the delicate buttons burst, revealing his fair and muscular chest, 
which looked exceptionally alluring. 
“Fuck. No wonder those women always want to pounce on you!” 
Ryan quickly started the engine. When he leaned over to fasten 
Justin’s seatbelt, he heard the glassy-eyed Justin murmur a familiar 
name. 
“Bella… Bella…” 
Ryan was stunned, and then he smiled. 
Justin was such a stubborn man. He still could not forget Bella.
Ryan quickly buckled his seatbelt. Looking at Justin’s vulnerable state, he was exasperated but amused at the same time. 
“I got it, Justin. As your best friend, will help you to the end!” 
After Bella confirmed the information she wanted, she prepared to 
leave the hotel with Arnold. 
Her phone rang just as she got in the car. 
Seeing that it was from Ryan, she had no intention of picking it up, but 
the phone rang relentlessly. It was irritating, much like Ryan. 
“What?” Bella answered the call coldly. 
“Bella! Justin is in trouble!” Ryan sounded anxious, as if a fire had 
broken out. 
Bella’s heart immediately skipped a beat. Her expression was serious 
as she said, “What happened?”
###chapter867
“Well… I can’t say for sure, but he’s not looking good! I sent him back to his private villa. Aren’t you a doctor? Come take a look at him!” 
In an instant, several horrible scenarios played out in Bella’s mind. 
Justin’s side effects from his injury had become a haunting concern 
for her. 
When Ryan said there was a problem, her first reaction was that it 
was a post-traumatic symptom. 
“Send me the address. I’ll head over now.” Bella frowned and ended 
the call. 
Arnold had just finished smoking a cigarette and wanted to get into the car when he heard the engine roar. The car door was also locked! 
“Hey, open the door! Let me in.” He pulled at the door. 
“Something came up. Go back on your own.” Bella stared fo d gripped the steering wheel. 
“Ms. Thompson, are you kidding me? This is Savrow, not Hat 
Where should I return to?” 
Arnold was speechless. “Send me back now!”
“Call my brother and get him to pick you up.” 
As her voice fell, Bella’s car whizzed past Arnold. 
Bella went to the address Ryan sent her and quickly arrived at Justin’s 
private villa. 
When she stood at the door, she could not describe the emotions 
churning inside her. 
It was depressing and bitter. 
This villa was one of Justin’s personal assets, the one he stayed in 
most often. She had learned about it from Wilma. 
Wilma told her that when Justin was in a bad mood or unwilling to return to Tideview Manor, he would stay overnight at this villa, not with another woman. Wilma used this to comfort Bella, who was all 
alone. 
Wilma even suggested she look for Justin at this villa, but Bella 
refused. 
Bella thought that Justin was in a bad mood because he could not meet the person he wanted to, and returning to Tideview Mar would only mean encountering the woman he did not want to see. 
Why would Bella humiliate herself by going to this villa? She w satisfied with being an invisible person by his side.
That was enough for her, until that day, when she got into a car accident with Nigel and lost her unborn child as a result. 
One night, when Bella lay on the hospital bed to recuperate, she received an overseas phone call from Rosalind. 
“Bella, do you think you’ve obtained Justin’s heart just because you married him? You will never have him. We’ve been spending the past 
few days together. Justin also gave me a necklace that’s the only one 
in 
5 World You were with him for so long. Has he ever given you 
something? By the way, the villa by Phoenix Lake in the eastern 
suburbs was a gift from Justin. We used to date there. Did he tell you 
about these?” 
After that call, Bella had another serious bleeding episode that night 
and was in critical condition. 
Although her stepmothers rushed to her and stayed by her side, taking care of her, Bella was still weak. 
She might never be able to bear children again. 
For a woman who wanted to have biological children in the future, this was asking to a death sentence.
###chapter868
Fortunately, it was all in the past. 
With her family’s care, Bella gradually healed the wounds in her heart. Her life was not just about getting married and having children. She had her father, stepmothers, siblings, and the vast world waiting for her to explore. 
It was just that her connection to Justin and any possibility of love 
between them were cut off. 
Bella took a deep breath and pressed the doorbell. 
No one answered the door, even after a while. Bella wondered if Ryan 
was in the villa. 
She frowned and pushed the door open impatiently. Unexpectedly, the 
door was unlocked. 
Bella was used to overthinking, and she immediately had a feeling. The warning bells rang in her heart as she walked in 
living room. 
The villa was not very spacious. It was not even as big as her 
Savrow.
However, it was comfortable and cozy, giving off a homely vibe. Tideview Manor, which looked luxurious and expensive, could not 
compare to this villa because it was too cold. 
As she thought about it, Bella’s eyelashes fluttered, and she felt 
indescribably depressed. 
“Ryan, are you here? Ryan?” 
The villa was silent. Nobody responded. Growing more concerned, 
Bella quickly went upstairs and searched every room. 
Finally, she pushed open the last door in the hallway. The 
temperature was significantly higher than in the other rooms, and she could vaguely sense Justin’s masculine scent. 
This room should be Justin’s bedroom. 
After all, they were married for three years. The familiarity carved into her bones could not be ignored. 
“Justin?” 
Bella’s throat was dry as she called out to him. Unexpectedly, 
someone responded. 
“Bella… Bella…” 
Bella could not wait anymore. She hurriedly opened the door
entered. 
The room was dimly lit, and Justin lay flat on the bed. 
Justin thought he was dreaming. Bella resented him, so why w she come looking for him? 
However, even in a dream, he still wanted her to stay. 
People would only realize what they truly desired and what their hearts wanted in a state of vulnerability. 
Bella’s heart sank. She quickly walked to the bedside and leaned 
down to check on his condition. 
Suddenly, Justin grabbed her thin wrist. Bella gasped, feeling her 
world spin. 
“Justin, what are you doing? Let me go!” 
“Bella… I miss you so much…” 
Bella’s eyes widened as she could not help but touch his sweaty 
forehead. “OMG! You’re burning up!” 
“Don’t leave me…” 
Justin stared at her as he murmured in a daze, “Bella, do you know how long I waited for this moment? Do you know how much I thought about you?”
###chapter869
When Bella locked eyes with Justin, her heart raced. 
She could clearly see the vulnerability in his eyes and the 
uncontrollable madness; 
On that night two years ago, she saw this gaze, which also ensnared her deeply, making her unable to break free. 
“Justin, calm down. Let me go first… 
The rest of Bella’s words were stopped by Justin’s kiss. 
Only God knew how he survived each day when he could not see her. 
He felt like a zombie, aimlessly wandering the earth. 
Bella lightly pushed him away, but Justin thought she was playing 
hard to get. 
He felt enchanted by Bella, even in his dreams. 
“Bella.” 
Justin panted as he parted her supple lips. “I don’t want anyon 
but you. You’re the only one for me.” 
Two years ago, Bella saved him.
Unexpectedly, even after their divorce two years later, she could not 
escape her intertwined fate with this man. 
Their figures entangled as the moment turned romantic and sensual. 
Bella wrapped the sheets around her body and sat up slowly. She 
glanced at Justin, who was sleeping soundly beside her. 
He was still hugging her, and his sleeping face was stunningly 
handsome. 
Bella lightly bit her lip and could not help but reach out to trace his cheeks. Her heart thumped loudly. 
She touched his forehead, which was not burning anymore. 
Bella sighed softly, got out of bed, and picked up the scattered clothes. After hesitating for a moment, she picked up Justin’s shirt and put it on as if it were sleepwear. 
When she was still his wife, she would wear his shirt secretly when he 
was not home to feel his unique warmth and scent. 
To her surprise, her mindset was not much different from back then. 
d 
Bella thought Justin would not wake up soon, so she wanted to get some water. After resting, she would leave quietly, as if noth
happened. 
She walked out of the room with light steps and drank some wa the kitchen, calming her heart, which was still pounding heavily at 
that moment. 
Thinking of their passionate kiss, Bella smiled to herself. Even the iced water she drank felt warm in her throat. 
She had always been curious about this place. Now that she was 
here, Bella wandered around. 
The kitchen, garden, and living room were nicely decorated. Bella 
could tell that the owner designed it with care.
###chapter870
Bella thought of how Rosalind once provoked her, saying that the villa was a gift from Justin and their love nest. 
Was it true? 
Bella’s heart tightened, and she felt as if it was ruthlessly crushed by 
an invisible hand. She felt unable to breathe. 
She walked back to Justin’s room with heavy footsteps, preparing to 
leave after getting dressed. 
The side hall was silent, and opposite his bedroom was the study. 
In a daze, Bella somehow walked into the study and saw a bookshelf 
filled with photo frames. 
Bella pursed her lips and walked to the photo frames, picking one up randomly. The photo depicted a boy with delicate features but melancholy expression. Bella recognized him as a young Jus 
The woman, sitting on a vintage sofa while hugging the boy stunningly beautiful face. Her eyes were enchanting. 
Bella blinked. She guessed this was Justin’s biological mother, h former mother-in-law, whom she had never met. 
“So beautiful…” She could not help exclaiming.
Bella had to admit that even though Wyatt’s three wives had their own unique charms, the three of them combined could not compare to Justin’s mother. Only Bella’s biological mother could rival Justin’s 
mother. 
Indeed, men are trash. They did not know how to cherish what they had. Justin’s mother was a thousand times more beautiful than 
Shannon, but Gregory still had an affair. How ridiculous! 
Bella looked at several more frames. They were either photos of 
Justin and his mother or portraits of his mother. 
When she wanted to leave the study, she saw a familiar face. 
Rosalind. 
It was Rosalind. 
Bella’s fingers trembled as she picked up one of the photo frames, a 
picture of Rosalind and Justin during their teenage years. 
They wore the same school uniform. Rosalind had a bright smile as she slightly leaned her head on Justin’s broad shoulders. They looked like a perfect match and were also childhood sweethearts. 
Bella instantly felt herself plunging into the deep end, surrou 
cold, her shoulders slightly trembling. 
She thought that Rosalind was in the past. She would never be hu
that woman again. 
However, when she saw this picture, she still felt herself spiraling into a tunnel of pain, so helpless that she could not save herself. 
One should not have encountered such stunning people who shone 
too brightly in their youth. 
It was the same for her and Justin. 
At this moment, she heard the door open behind her.
###chapter871
Bella’s heart skipped a beat. Her hand trembled, and with a bang, the photo frame fell to the ground and broke into pieces. 
The glass shards accidentally cut her ankle, and a few blood droplets 
oozed from the thin wound. 
“Why are you here?” 
Justin’s deep and hoarse voice came from behind her, piercing 
through her fragile back. 
Bella did not turn around. She said coldly, “Sorry for disturbing you. I’II 
leave immediately.” / 
Justin stared at Bella. She wore his shirt, which was oversized on her, 
and under the gentle glow of the soft lights, he could vaguely see her 
petite and curvy figure. She exuded a type of charm that made him 
want to embrace and protect her. 
His throat bobbed, and his tongue felt unbearably dry. 
Just now, he suddenly woke up from a slumber, drenched in sweat 
He subconsciously reached out beside him but found nothing. Bella
was gone. 
However, he saw her clothes on the floor. Bella did not even put on 
her high heels, so she must still be in the villa. He calmed down and 
quickly got out of bed to look for her 
Justin had forgotten how things went out of control. Did he hurt her? 
Guilt filled his heart, and his eyes reddened. He walked toward her. 
At this moment, Bella suddenly turned around, lowering her head as 
she walked briskly past him. 
Justin’s pupils contracted, and he quickly grabbed her. 
“Don’t go.” 
“You don’t have the right to order me around.” 
Justin circled his arm around her and pulled her into his embrace. His gaze was like a sharp knife as he stared into her cold eyes, saying,” 
Bella, after what happened last night, don’t you have anything to say to me?” 
“No.” 
Bella avoided his intense gaze and emphasized, “Let go.” 
“Bella, I don’t do flings. Although we are divorced, after everything that happened last night, I will definitely take responsibility.” J eyes were sincere as his fingers gripping her wrist continued to tighten.
“It’s just a one-night stand. What responsibility? We’re both adu We can take responsibility for our choices.” 
Bella snorted and shook off his hand, and her tone turned sarcastic. 
But you should be more careful in the future. Don’t get drugged again. 
“Bella!” Justin felt a pain in his heart. He squeezed her shoulder with frightening strength. 
“Don’t touch me! Fuck off!” 
Bella clenched her fists, pounding at Justin’s naked chest angrily. Her indignant roar carried a hint of hoarseness from crying, pricking Justin’s heart. 
Justin thought, ‘She cried? Why? Was it because I hurt her?’ 
His breath hitched. He ignored her intense emotions and hugged her tightly. 
Even Bella did not know that tears were streaming down her face. 
She thought, ‘Why was I crying? Did I cry because Justin took advantage of me? Or was it because Justin still had not dealt with the memories he shared with Rosalind?’ 
Obviously, the latter hurt her more. 
No matter how much she struggled, Justin held onto her firmly, refusing to let go. 
“I will take responsibility for you.” 
“I don’t need you to. Just let me go.
###chapter872
Bella’s crystal-clear tears dropped on his shoulder, scalding him. “ Justin, I hate you! Don’t touch me!” 
“Who else would I touch?” Justin’s voice was hoarse and trembling. 
“Justin, if you want to take responsibility, why did you divorce me? Why didn’t you say this back then?” 
“What…?” Justin was stunned. 
“When you should have taken responsibility, you shoved me away. 
Now that I don’t need you, why can’t you just get lost?” 
While Justin was distracted, Bella ruthlessly bit his arm as if she wanted to tear off a piece of his flesh. 
Justin grimaced and relaxed his grip a bit. Bella immediately escaped from his arms like a frightened rabbit, disappearing from the study in the blink of an eye. 
Justin stood rooted to the spot, thinking about what Bella just said. 
Suddenly, he thought of the clean sheets in the bedroom, and his heart tightened. 
Bella was not a casual woman. During the three years of their marriage, he did not have sex with her. She was probably still a virgin when they divorced. 
Therefore, last night should have been the first time for both of them, yet there was no trace of blood on the sheets. 
“Why didn’t you say this back then?” 
Justin’s eyes widened. He felt as if he were struck by lightning.
Had they consummated the marriage back then? 
But why did he not have any recollection? 
Why could he not remember anything? 
Justin felt as if he was frozen and unable to move. He stood there in a daze, finally regaining some strength after a long while. Then he reached out to clutch his chest. 
At this moment, he noticed a pile of shining glass pieces under the light. 
Justin walked over with heavy footsteps and slowly knelt down. His vision went black when he saw the broken frame with a photo of him and Rosalind during their teenage years. Everything became clear to him. 
Bella returned to the bedroom and hurriedly put on her clothes, leaving the villa at the fastest speed possible. 
Tears streamed down her face as she sped on the road back home, her heart confused and anxious. 
When she entered the city center, she crashed into a car. Fortunately, it was not too severe, but the bumper of her limited-edition sports car was completely ruined. 
As Bella was at fault for the rear-end collision, she had to take full responsibility. The owner of the Mercedes, whose car was hit, sighed in relief. 
Even if he sold himself, he could not afford the repair costs of Bella’s car! 
Bella hid in the car, afraid to go out. While in a state of panic, the first person she thought of was still her brother.
She dialed Asher’s number with trembling hands, and her call was picked up immediately. 
Asher was always there for his beloved sister. 
“Bella, what’s up?” 
“Ash… Where are you? Please come. I need you.” 
Twenty minutes later, Asher’s Rolls-Royce reached the scene of the accident at the fastest speed, even running two red lights. 
“Bella!” 
Asher got out of the car and saw Bella’s damaged sports car. His heart sank, and the usually calm man panicked. 
Arnold also came out of the car. When he saw a car crash, he immediately felt nervous. 
He was ready to perform first aid for Bella. After all, he was a doctor, and his profession could be useful in critical conditions. 
“Bella, how are you? Are you hurt?!” Asher opened the door and leaned in, feeling around Bella’s arms and legs and searching for signs of injuries,
###chapter873
“I’m fine. I’m fine, Ash.” Bella’s red eyes brimmed with tears, and her face was ashen. 
However, Asher looked at her in shock, thinking that things were not so simple. 
He knew Bella, and she was not someone who cried easily. She even fought on the battlefield. How could a minor accident scare her to tears? 
Something else must have happened. 
Something severe. 
“Although it just looks like some scratches, you still need to do a detailed examination at the hospital. We should get a CT scan for any signs of concussion.” Arnold put aside his usual playful side and suggested seriously. 
Asher frowned and immediately carried Bella up, walking back to his car. 
At this moment, Steven arrived. Seeing Bella leaning weakly against 
Asher, he could not help but break into a cold sweat. 
“Ms. Bella! Ms. Bella, how do you feel?” 
“Steven, handle the aftermath. I’ll bring Bella to the hospital now.” Asher quickly got into the car after ordering Steven. 
“Yes, Mr. Asher. Leave it to me!” Steven kept his eyes fixed on Bella as his heart ached. 
Asher carried Bella into the car while he hugged her tightly.
Looking at the loving siblings, Arnold felt a hint of jealousy. However, more of it was admiration and longing. 
In the Larson family, familial relationships ran thin. Everyone only focused on benefits and power play. They said blood was thicker than water, but even blood ties meant little in his family. 
That was why he chose to develop his career alone overseas. 
The only family truly kind to him, Mila, was exiled from the Larson family because she chose to be with Wyatt Thompson. She was labeled as a shameless woman who disgraced the Larson family’s name and never returned until now. 
However, Mila returned to the Larson family once, and it was the only time. He heard that it was for Bella. It seemed Mila begged for some medicine for Bella, kneeling outside the study for three whole days without consuming anything. Only then did Mila’s father agree to se her. 
This incident did not make Arnold feel that his aunt was embarrassing. Instead, he gained respect for her. 
It was evident that Wyatt treated her well, and the Thompson family saw her as one of their own. That was why she was willing to sacrifice for Bella. 
“Arnold.” Asher suddenly called out to him. 
“Huh?” Arnold was surprised, feeling a little unused to being addressed like that.. 
“Are you staying with Steven here, or are you coming with me?” Asher asked in a deep voice. 
Arnold was stunned for a moment. He then smiled and said, “Do you need to ask? Of course, I’ll choose you.”
‘Of course, I’ll choose you.’ Arnold’s words were like an arrow that pierced Asher’s heart, making it tremble. 
In the past, his lover also liked to smile at him, saying confidently,” Asher, no matter what happens, I’ll stand by your side. You are the only faith I want to protect in my life.” 
Asher’s car drove toward the Thompson Hospital. Asher hugged Bella tightly, patting her back like he was calming a child while comforting her with gentle words. 
“Ash… Ash… It hurts.” 
Bella buried her pale face in Asher’s chest. Although she tried her best to suppress her emotions, her soft sobs still betrayed her heartbreak. 
Asher felt a wet patch on his chest, and his heart seemed to be flooded with her tears. “Bella, tell me, where does it hurt?” 
Bella closed her eyes and slowly raised her trembling hands, pointing at her heart. 
“Here. It hurts so much.” 
Asher’s eyes sharpened. He held his breath as he gripped her cold little hands. 
Who else could make his tough sister so heartbroken? It could only be Justin.
###chapter874
Ryan was summoned to a meeting at the company by Logan. 
Halfway through, he received a call from Justin, asking Ryan to meet him at the villa by the Phoenix Lake immediately, as long as he was not dead. 
Thus, Ryan had to leave the Hoffman Group amidst curious gazes before the meeting ended. 
Ryan sped along the way to Justin’s villa. 
“What the fuck?!”. 
Before even entering the gate, he saw a thick smoke hovering over the roof, looking like a volcano was about to erupt. His face turned pale with fright, and he ran into the villa with all his might. 
He found Justin in the backyard, burning something in a metal bin. 
Justin stood by the fire with a pale face and indescribable sadness between his deeply furrowed brows. The fire illuminated his face, making him look handsome and lonely, like a statue standing in the ruins of a war-torn area. 
Ryan panicked and quickly approached him, asking anxiously,” Justin? Justin? What happened to you? What are you burning?” 
Before his words fell, Justin threw another thing into the fire. 
Ryan focused his gaze on it and was astonished to see that it was a photo of Justin and Rosalind together. 
“Did you bring me here after I was drugged?” Justin suddenly spoke.
“Yeah, I only know this place. Didn’t you come here quite often back then?” 
Ryan was still trying to figure out the situation. He said, “With the state you were in, I couldn’t send you back to Tideview Manor. Bringing you to my place was inconvenient, so I settled you here.” 
Justin looked at him coldly. “Did you ask Bella to come here?” 
“Yeah! When you were delirious, all you could say was her name. As your best friend, I had to help you! I made up a story to lure Bella here.” 
Clang! 
With raging, crimson eyes, Justin kicked over the burning metal bin/ 
Some of the scattered sparks landed on Ryan, and he quickly blocked his face with his arms, the scalding sparks still burned a hole in his expensive suit, even singeing his fringe. 
“Fuck! Justin, have you gone mad? Are you trying to burn me too?” Ryan’s face flushed angrily, and he hurriedly patted away the sparks. 
Justin had not made a full recovery. He balled his hands into fists and breathed heavily. The sweat had drenched the thin shirt he wore as he glared at Ryan. 
“How could you bring her here? How could you?!” 
“Here? What’s wrong with this place?” Ryan was confused, not yet realizing the severity of the situation. 
“This villa was my gift to Rosalind, but you brought Bella here… Are you trying to crush her heart? Do you want her to hate me even more?”
Justin shouted hoarsely, and his body was trembling uncontrollably. 
His outburst stunned Ryan. 
They were like brothers that grew up together. Justin had never lost control of his emotions in front of him or misdirected his anger at him. 
This proved how much Justin cared about Bella. 
“Justin, I really didn’t know.” 
“I’ve asked lan to put this villa up for sale long ago, but it hasn’t sold yet. I’ve also asked him including these pho get rid of the things inside the villa, with Rosalind.” 
Justin trembled violently much pain, as if his ped his hair tightly. He was in so head were 
It was all my fault… If I knew 
Thud!
###chapter875
As if his soul had been drained, Justin suddenly collapsed on the ground. 
“Justin!” 
Ryan shouted and quickly went forward, helping Justin up from the ground. “What’s going on? Why are you trembling so much? Are you feeling cold?” 
“Ryan… Do you know?” 
Justin’s fingers curled up on the ground, his eyes soaked with tears. 
He looked broken. “What hurts Bella the most is my past with 
Rosalind. That broke her heart… When she saw the photo, I knew that it was over for me. It’s over for us… 
“No! It’s not! Who said it’s over?” 
Seeing how Justin was suffering from love and torturing himself, 
Ryan felt his heart ache. “This is my fault! You’re so busy, and you health is in poor condition. How could you have the time to care about these trivial matters? Damn it! It’s all my fucking fault!I’ll explain it to Bella now… I’ll explain it all to her!” 
Justin pulled him back and shook his head with a bitter smile. “In the end, it’s all because of me. What’s the use of explaining? Even if you explained it to her, does it cross off all the things I did in the past to hurt her?” 
“Justin…” Ryan sucked in a breath, almost on the verge of tears.
Was there anyone else in the world who loved so painfully? 
After Ryan sent Justin upstairs, Justin fell asleep soon. 
The aftereffects of his injury were much more severe than he thought. Fortunately, it happened when he was with Ryan. If someone else were present, the consequences would be unimaginable. 
Justin could have lost everything he has worked so hard for over the past ten years. 
Ryan came down the stairs just as lan entered the door. 
“Mr. Hoffman…” On the way, lan had already heard about the situation over the phone. 
At that moment, lan was so guilty that his face turned red. 
“The blame is not entirely on you. This… Damn it!” Ryan wanted to slap himself in regret. 
“I’ll explain to Ms. Thompson tomorrow. If she really refuses to forgive Mr. Salvador, I’ll resign.” lan rubbed his eyes, making up his mind. 
“Don’t be ridiculous! You’ve been with Justin for almost a decade. Without you, it would be like Justin losing his right hand.” 
Ryan rubbed his temples helplessly. “I’ll clean up the mess I made. However, Bella has to be willing to meet me. Take good care of Justin during this period, and don’t tell anyone about his sickness, including Grandpa Nigel!” 
lan gritted his teeth and nodded. 
After settling the matter, Ryan dragged his exhausted body back to his home with Carrie.
On the road, he recalled that when he helped Justin back to his room, the room was filled with a subtle scent of sex. 
As a long-time player, Ryan knew immediately that Justin and Bella had done the deed last night. 
Since they could sleep together, Bella must still have feelings for Justin. Was it really so unacceptable for her to see a few old photos that had not been dealt with in time?
###chapter876
Was it jealousy? 
It felt as though a storm of jealousy was brewing. 
“Ryan!” 
Seeing Ryan’s return, Carrie dashed toward him, flying into his arms. 
Her arms and legs wrapped around him like an adorable koala. 
“Call me honey,” Ryan corrected gently. 
“Mmm… Honey,” Carrie obediently complied, her cheeks flushing. 
“That’s right, darling. Let me give you a kiss.” 
Ryan’s large hands supported her petite, perky butt, and his cold lips met her rosy ones. 
After cuddling on the sofa for a while, Ryan carried Carrie to the bedroom, holding her as they headed to the bathroom. 
“Um… I would like to wash myself.” Carrie held Ryan’s neck, expressing a tiny ion. 
“That would be a hassle. Just let me help you.” Ryan raised his charming eyes and smiled mischievously. 
“No, no.” 
Ryan lifted his eyebrows, pretending to be slightly displeased.
Eventually, Ryan carried his delicate girlfriend out of the water, wrapped her in a soft towel, and placed her on the vanity, gently drying her hair.. 
Carrie enjoyed every moment of Ryan’s attentive care. During such moments, she would happily squint her doe-like eyes and wiggle her little feet. 
Ryan seemed unusually quiet tonight, as if he had something on his mind. 
“Honey?” Carrie gently called out to him. 
Ryan snapped out of his thoughts and smiled. “What’s up, darling?” 
“Are you feeling down? Is something bothering you?” 
Seeing Carrie’s concern, Ryan could not hold back anymore and confessed, “Yeah, it’s about Justin and Bella.” 
“Annie… What’s going on with her? And what’s wrong with Justin?” 
Carrie asked, her worry evident. 
Ryan pondered for a moment, realizing that although they had officially tied the knot, they were practically a married couple. He like he should be transparent with Carrie. Besides, she was a grow woman, and it was time she knew some of the complexities of Justin and Bella’s relationship. 
“Carrie, Justin… Well, it’s mostly my fault. Because of me, he and 
Bella had a major falling out, and I don’t know how to patch things up 
”
Ryan then explained the situation with Bella, how he had involved her to take care of Justin, and everything that had transpired. 
Carrie listened quietly, her bright eyes flashing as she struggled to find the right words. 
“I acted recklessly without much thought into it.” 
Ryan, feeling miserable, pulled at his hair, his self-blame escalating. They hadn’t even been intimate in their marriage. Now that they’re divorced, I thought it was a good idea to bring them together… This is such a mess… It’s so unfair to Bella. I’m such an idiot!” 
“Annie and Justin got intimate once 
Carrie suddenly blurted out. 
Ryan froze, his eyes widening in shock. “What do you mean? They were intimate?” 
“It was about two years ago.”
###chapter877
Carrie bit her lip, her brows furrowing as she softly recounted, “Two years ago, one night, | couldn't sleep and found myself wandering around the house. | saw Annie entering Justin's room alone. Back then, Justin wasn’t fond of her, and they rarely shared the bed. Most of the time, they slept in separate rooms. The three years Annie spent married to Justin were incredibly difficult. | could see that she loved him deeply but was too afraid to approach him. Annie could only silently watch over him. During quiet nights when Justin was away, she would sometimes lie on his bed for a while, secretly wear his shirts, and spray his cologne. However, she never let him find out about all of this. Annie truly loved Justin. She loved him so humbly Sometimes, | feel heartbroken for her.” Even Ryan found it difficult to listen to this, feeling Bella's pain was undeserved.
Perhaps the most agonizing thing was not when two people drifte apart, but having the person you love deeply within reach, yet knowing you could never truly have them.
“That night, | saw Annie enter Justin's bedroom. Soon after, Justin chome, completely drunk and reeking of alcohol. His face was flushed like he had a fever.” Ryan seemed to remember the occasion. It was the anniversary of Justin's mother’s death, and he had organized a gathering with friends to help Justin cope.
The night was chaotic, and Justin must have had numerous drinks, completely blacking out. [x] Later, Ryan escorted Justin back to Tideview Manor. Justin was then helped into the house by the housekeeper.
Ryan had no clue about what happened after that.
“And then?” Ryan hurriedly asked.
“And then... Justin headed back to his room, and for the entire night, neither he nor Annie cout. | got worried and curious. So, | pushed the door and walked in. Through the bedroom door, I heard... I...” Carrie bit her lip, her face flushing as if she were burning up, too embarrassed to continue.
Ryan's pupils contracted gradually, shocked and speechless.
So, they had already slept together once while they were still married? But his clueless best friend, who was too drunk to remember anything, had no recollection of sleeping with his own wife?! Damn... Men really could not remember anything after they were do with their business, huh? “Have you not mentioned this to Justin in the past two years?” Ryan asked.
“How could I? Besides, Annie obviously didn’t want Justin to find out,” Carrie replied.
“How would you know? If you had told Justin, maybe he would have treated Bella better! After all, they had already been intimate!” Ryan's tone grew a bit harsh, with a hint of urgency in his voice.
Carrie shrugged with a hint of fear in her eyes.
Ryan quickly pulled her into an embrace, gently patting her back as he apologized. “I'm sorry... | shouldn't have spoken to you like that. | was just impatient. | just really hoped they could get back together.” “At that time, Annie was always careful around Justin. She knew he wasn’t fond of her and even despised her...
She was afraid that if he found out that they had slept together, he would resent her even more, thinking she took advantage of him.” With tears welling up in her eyes, Carrie continued, “So... | had no choice but to help Annie keep this secret.
Ryan, do you think | did something wrong?” “No, no... Carrie, you did nothing wrong. You just wanted the best for Bella.” Kissing Carrie's ear gently, Ryan spoke with a voice filled with resentment toward Justin. “The one who's in the wrong here is Justin. He's made such a big mistake! He took advantage of a without even realizing it.” “Is there anything else that | can do? | really want Justin and Annie to reconcile, too.” Carrie sighed sincerely.
“And they will. They're bound to reconcile.” Ryan sighed, though he lacked complete confidence. “I believe that deep down, Justin still holds an important place in Bella's heart.
They'll find their way back to each other eventually.”
###chapter878
Meanwhile, at the Thompson Hospital, Bella was admitted into the VIP ward, lying on the bed with an IV drip attached. Despite her physical and mental exhaustion, she could not fall asleep. 
Asher sat at the edge of the bed, holding his sister’s foot in his lap, gently tending to Bella’s ankle wound with a cotton swab. 
Only then did Bella feel a twinge of pain. She furrowed her brow in silence. 
“Bella, you didn’t return to the Savrow villa or Hatchbay last night. Where were you?” Asher asked softly, his hands trembling as he applied the medicine. 
Bella remained silent. 
“Did you go see Justin?” 
The mention of that man’s name was like a ticking time bomb. Ev time Asher brought it up, it was with the utmost caution. “Arnold sai you took him to see Justin yesterday, and it didn’t end well. Then, you left the place alone after a phone call. Did you go see him?” 
“Ash…” 
After a moment, Bella finally met Asher’s gaze with her hollow gaze, her voice hoarse. “I hate myself now… I feel so stupid…” 
“Hey, what are you saying? Don’t be so hard on yourself.” 
Asher’s heart ached as he leaned closer to embrace Bella. “I won’t let anyone who speaks ill of you off lightly.’
Compared to his family, God and religion seemed insignificant to Asher. 
All Asher wanted was for his younger sister to live a smooth, peaceful, and joyful life. 
Bella choked up in her big brother’s arms, unable to understand why seeing the photo of Justin and Rosalind together had such a powerful impact on her. 
She felt as if her soul had fractured into pieces. 
Just then, a nurse entered the room. 
“Mr. Thompson, Ms. Thompson’s wound needs to be redressed.” 
“Alright.” 
Asher released his embrace around Bella and prepared to leave, his expression filled with concern. 
The nurse helped Bella remove her loose hospital gown, revealing silver silk dress underneath. Her exposed skin was as smooth as jade, and her arms were delicate and slender. 
Although Asher had helped Bella dress and put her to bed when she was younger, she was now a grown woman. He knew he needed to be cautious in such situations. 
Just as Asher was about to turn and leave the ward, he inadvertently caught sight of something with the corner of his eye. He saw delicate red marks on Bella’s neck and collarbone that were strikingly prominent and intense! 
The red marks did not just stop at Bella’s neck. They extended downward, all the way to her chest and everywhere! 
In an instant, Asher was stunned into stillness for several seconds.
His throat visibly bobbed as he reached forward, and his hands gripped Bella’s slender shoulders tighter, his fingers almost embedding into her flesh. 
The nurse was startled. Sensing the impending storm in Asher’s demeanor, she quickly retreated out of the room. 
“Bella… Did he do anything to you?” 
Asher’s eyes bore into Bella’s. His voice was strained as he said, Justin touched you… Something happened between you two, right?” 
Bella stared back at Asher with a dim expression, her dry lips twitching slightly. 
She did not an but her silence spoke volumes. 
“Was it against your will?” Asher practically forced those words ou his clenched teeth. 
“No… I did it willingly.” 
With a thunderous crash, Asher felt as if the most tender part of his heart had shattered.
###chapter879
As Asher stepped out of the hospital ward, his expression darkened ominously, as if he had emerged from the depths of hell. 
Upon hearing about Bella’s accident, Axel and Ralph, who were working in Savrow, and even Amelia, who was in class, all rushed to the hospital. Even Drew zoomed his way to the hospital without hesitation. 
In a rare occurrence, all of the Thompson siblings gathered together for Bella, with only their third brother, Declan, who was serving in the military, absent. 
“Ash, why did Bella suddenly get into a car accident?” Amelia, the youngest and most timid, was on the verge of tears, her eyes welling 
Steven saw Amelia’s distress and wanted to comfort her, but as a mere secretary, he refrained from overstepping his boundaries in front of his boss. 
Steven could only keep his concern for her hidden in his heart, but his intense gaze never left Amelia for a moment. 
Perhaps, for a person like him, the only thing he could do was to silently stand behind her, guarding her without uttering a word. 
“That’s right, Ash. Bella is a skilled driver. Her driving skills aren’t any worse than mine. How could she be rear-ended? In fact, they should be struggling to keep up with her car’s tail lights,” Drew expressed his bewilderment. 
On his way to the hospital, Drew’s heart remained tightly clenched. He had faced life-threatening situations and stared down the barrel of a gun without flinching, yet Bella’s predicament had him all
frazzled. 
Axel and Ralph looked nervously at Asher. The air in the corridor turned dense. 
Meanwhile, frost cloaked Asher’s handsome features, and his strong jawline tensed. He remained silent for what felt like an eternity. 
“Ash?” Axel nudged him. “What’s going on?” 
“Bella’s fine. Just a few scratches and a little shaken up by the accident.” 
After a long pause, Asher withdrew from his thoughts of anger and spoke lightly. “For the next few days, let’s take turns taking care of Bella. It’ll be tough, but necessary. Let’s keep this matter to ourselves for now. For now, don’t inform Dad and the others about this. They’re all spending time with Aunt Celeste. Besides, Bella wouldn’t want to burden them either.” 
“Ash, you’re pissing me off now. Are you treating us like outsiders ?!” 
Drew snapped at him with furrowed brows. “Bella is our younger sister. It’s only right for us to take care of her. We’ll stay by her side even if you don’t say anything!” 
“He’s right. Nothing’s more important than Bella,” echoed Axel and Ralph. 
“Ralph and Axel, you both have work to attend to, but I don’t have anything urgent. Steven and I can stay with Bella all day. Both of you should go back and rest.” Amelia spoke and exchanged a meaningful glance with Steven. 
“It’s okay. I’ve already informed the station.” 
Axel immediately declined, sighing with self-reproach. “As Bella’s brother, I’ve never done anything for her since we were young. Now that she needs someone by her side, how can I not be there for her?
What kind of ridiculous brother would I be, then?” 
The Thompson siblings had never schemed against each other, unlike typical high-society families. 
They always supported each other through thick and thin. It was a kind of familial bond that others envied but could not replicate. 
“Ash, you’ve arranged everything for us, but what about yourself? Do you have something to attend to?” Being a prosecutor, Axel had a keen intuition and sensed that Asher’s behavior was slightly unusual, as if he were suppressing some anger. 
“I have some matters to attend to.” 
After that, Asher glanced once more at the ward’s door, hesitated briefly, then reentered. 
Inside, Bella completed her treatment and now wore a hospital gown, lying still on the bed with her eyes closed, her state of consciousness unknown. 
Asher’s delicate eyelashes fluttered slightly as he approached his sister silently. Leaning down gently, he kissed her forehead lightly. 
“Have a good rest, my dear sister. I’ll come check on you again later.” 
“Ash…” 
Bella kept her eyes closed, her voice barely audible as she spoke Tm fine, really. Don’t worry about me 
Of course, she did not say otherwise 
However, her pretence of strength placed through Keher’s most vulnerable emotions, causing tears to well up in his eyes, nearly breaking his composure
With a somber expression, eher made his way to the underground parking lot 
Bella kept her eyes closed, her voice barely audible as she spoke. “I’m fine, really… Don’t worry about me.” 
Of course, she did not say otherwise. 
However, her pretense of strength pierced through Asher’s most vulnerable emotions, causing tears to well up in his eyes, nearly breaking his composure. 
With a somber expression, Asher made his way to the underground parking lot.
###chapter880
As he approached his car, Asher was greeted by Arnold’s voice from behind. 
“Asher.” 
Asher’s tall figure paused. He took a deep breath before slowly turning to face Arnold. 
The lighting in the underground parking lot was dim. 
“What’s up?” Asher composed himself, his deep gaze fixed on Arnold. 
Arnold’s narrow, fox-like eyes narrowed slightly as he approached Asher. 
“I understand that you’re worried about your sister. I understand exactly how you feel.” 
Arnold’s delicate lips approached Asher’s ear, his tone alluring. “But promise me, don’t do anything stupid. Don’t let your dear little sister worry about you. And spare me the worry, too. I know you’re busy, so I’m not gonna ask for a ride.” 
Arnold straightened up, adopting his usual carefree grin once more. It looks like I’ll be sticking around for a little longer. Maybe I’ll swing by a car dealership later and get a car for convenience. Ash, do you have any connections with people working at a dealership? Can they give me a discount?” 
Before Arnold had fully settled, Asher’s breathing grew heavy. 
Arnold’s pupils contracted, his heart pounding like a drum. 
“Well, I have enough time to give you a ride.” 
“Once we return to Yara Park, feel free to take any car from the underground garage.”
For two full days, Justin hardly ate anything. He only drank some water and spent the majority of the time in a deep, oblivious slumber. 
lan remained by his side, tending to him incessantly. His anxiety was palpable, and he felt like an ant on a hot pan. Every evening, he would Took out the window, praying sincerely for Justin’s swift recovery. 
He would rather endure the sickness himself than witness his boss’s suffering. 
Justin was just a wandering zombie without Bella in his life. It must be agonizing. 
“lan, how’s your boss doing?” 
Ryan called lan to check on Justin. His voice was tinged with deep concern. “Has he woken up? I’ll come over right away to see him.” 
“You don’t have to come, Mr. Hoffman. Mr. Salvador has already taken his medication and fallen asleep,” lan replied gloomily. 
“But is it medication for treatment or just sleeping pills? Every time 
Justin takes them, he sleeps endlessly. Maybe we should take him to the hospital. I’ll arrange everything and ensure that it remains confidential!” 
“There’s no need for that, Mr. Hoffman. Even Ms. Thompson, the renowned specialist, couldn’t find a solution for Mr. Salvador’s condition. What else can the other doctors do?” 
lan turned back to look at the unconscious Justin with a heavy heart.” 
I don’t even know if there’s any real significance in him taking this medication.”
“What do you mean?” 
“Mr. Salvador gets severe side effects from it. Although his tremors stopped after taking the medicine, he suffers from frequent vomiting and drowsiness. It feels like he’s just trading one form of pain for another. If this continues, I fear he may become completely incapacitated!” 
Ryan was shocked. He went speechless for a moment. 
“Mr. Salvador has sacrificed so much for Ms. Thompson. Everything happened because of her… So, why? Why can’t she just give Mr. 
Salvador another chance?” lan’s anxiety caused him to speak somewhat recklessly. 
“Don’t say that, lan.” 
After a pause, Ryan sighed softly, “Bella has never done anything wrong. Now that Justin is going through this tribulation, perhaps it’s a form of redemption. After all, as someone who is always by Justin’s side, you’ve witnessed everything in their three-year marriage. I’m sure you understand it very well.”
###chapter881
“Bella’s loss over those three years is worth Justin’s lifetime of redemption.” 
lan felt a jolt in his heart: He recalled the pitiful and helpless Bella when she was living in the Salvador household. She had always stood by Justin with fervent devotion, no matter what. 
He could not help but shed tears silently. 
Justin had suffered too much, but Bella was just as heartbroken. 
lan was afraid that Justin might need help during the night and would not be able to call for assistance, so he just spent the night on the sofa in the bedroom without even changing. 
The next morning, his body clock awakened him. As soon as he opened his eyes, he instinctively looked toward Justin’s direction. 
To his surprise, the bed was empty. Justin was nowhere to be found. 
“Mr. Salvador… Mr. Salvador?!” 
lan panicked and sprung up from his seat like a startled fish. He started frantically searching the room for Justin. 
Just then, the bathroom door swung open. 
There stood Justin, impeccably dressed in a sharp three-piece suit, complete with a meticulously selected array of accessories-a wristwatch, tie, and tie pin. 
His composed demeanor showed no sign of illness, which almost made lan forget how weak Justin had appeared the night before.
“Is there something on my face?” Justin asked as he adjusted his sleeve, his voice slightly hoarse. 
Though his breath still seemed a little shallow, it was hardly noticeable. 
“Mr. Salvador, w-why are you up? You need more rest!” lan expressed deep concern for his condition. 
“We have an important strategic meeting at the office today. I must attend it,” Justin replied, his expression calm and collected as usual. 
“Gosh… I totally forgot about it!” 
lan slapped his forehead in frustration before gently advising him. 
Mr. Salvador, you’re still unwell. Why don’t we skip today’s meeting and prioritize your recovery?” 
Justin’s cold demeanor prevailed as he raised his hand to silence lan 
“I’m fine. Just get the car ready.” 
At exactly 10:00 a.m., a black Rolls-Royce appeared in front of the Salvador Corporation’s building 
The flashy license plate “Savrow A9999” immediately drew the attention of everyone around. 
“9999! And it’s a Savrow A license plate! That’s incredibly rare!” 
Curious chatter broke out among the crowd, 
“I remember that license plate going for auction. It sold for over $20 million! It even made the news!” 
“What?! $20 million for a license plate?! My mind can’t even comprehend that!” 
“I’m really curious. Who could the owner of this car be?”
“Isn’t it obvious? It’s someone we’ll never come close to!” 
Meanwhile, in the luxurious car, Asher sat upright, his long lashes cast down as he studied the opened Bible resting on his knees, holding a cross in his hand and murmuring prayers. 
After finishing his prayer, he gently closed the Bible and whispered, ” Amen.” 
When he raised his gaze once more, his eyes were bloodshot. He looked like a demon emerging from long-held darkness into newfound light.
###chapter882
Steven opened the car door and stepped out of the passenger seat. 
Asher had summoned Steven to once again assume the role of KS Group CEO’s secretary. Steven made his appearance in a sleek, tailored gray suit. His sharp gaze exuded an air of seriousness, making him look undeniably handsome. 
Despite the admiring glances from female colleagues around him, Steven remained oblivious, opening the rear car door and bowing respectfully. 
“Mr. Thompson, please.” 
Asher’s composed and handsome face showed no trace of emotion, resembling a flawless and timeless sculpture. 
As he stepped out of the car, the women around him could not help but gasp in awe. 
“OMG! He’s so handsome! We’ve got a new subject for tonight’s dream!” 
“You’re so greedy. Aren’t you already dreaming about Mr. Salvador? And now you want another one?” 
“Is he really that handsome? I think he’s not as good-looking as Mr. Salvador…” 
“You don’t understand. This one is completely different from Mr. Salvador. Mr. Salvador has a strong and impactful handsomeness, while this one exudes a restrained and mysterious charm, silently capturing your heart. Isn’t it more enticing this way?” 
“But who is this young man? Why is he at the Salvador Corporation’s door? Is he here to see someone?”
Asher entered the Salvador Corporation building’s lobby with a composed demeanor. 
Following closely behind him was Steven, and though there were only two of them, their presence seemed to impose an invisible pressure, commanding attention wherever they went. 
Approaching the reception desk, the receptionist hastily stood up. 
“We’re here to see Mr. Justin Salvador.” Steven spoke first, his tone icy. 
“M-Mr. Salvador?” 
The receptionist was startled. 
The receptionist, who hardly ever encountered Mr. Salvador in person as appointments were usually directly handled by his secretary, la Harris, was surprised by the sudden request to see Mr. Salvador. 
“M-May I ask if you have an appointment?” The receptionist had choice but to ask, as per protocol. 
“No, we don’t,” Steven replied. 
“I’m sorry, but without an appointment, you can’t see Mr. Salvador. Please contact Secretary Harris for that…” 
“Could you please inform Mr. Justin Salvador or his secretary?” 
Asher, who had been silent all this while, suddenly spoke in a cold tone. “The person who wishes to see him is Asher Thompson, CEO of KS Group.” 
Asher Thompson. 
Asher Thompson?!
The receptionist stood there dumbfounded for a moment before finally coming back to her senses and hurriedly picking up the phone to call lan. 
Asher did not wait for lan to come downstairs to meet them. Instead, he and Steven took the elevator to the floor where the meeting rooms were. 
As soon as they entered the corridor, the bodyguards stopped them. 
“I’m here to see Mr. Salvador,” Asher said expressionlessly. 
The bodyguard said firmly, “Mr. Salvador is currently attending an important meeting and cannot see anyone. Please leave.” 
The bodyguard thought, ‘Who the hell just comes charging up he demanding to see Mr. Salvador? What kind of place does he think th is? I would be fired if I let them in.’ 
Asher narrowed his dark and deep eyes and walked straight ahead. 
The two bodyguards reached out to stop them, but Steven stood in front of Asher. 
With a stern expression, Steven swiftly struck each guard with a punch, bringing them down with ease. 
It was not that the bodyguards were weak. They simply had not expected anyone to attack them on their territory. 
They quickly scrambled back up, calling for reinforcements and launching a counterattack. 
However, they had underestimated Steven’s combat skills. With his Taekwondo black belt and training under Asher during his youth, two mere bodyguards stood no chance against Steven.
With a fierce glare, Steven did not use his hands this time. Instead, he delivered a series of swift kicks that left the two bodyguards incapacitated. 
“The Salvador bodyguards are too weak. If Justin Salvador relies on people like you for protection, he’s probably on the brink of death,” Steven remarked coldly, brushing off the dust from his suit. He then stretched his neck as if loosening his muscles. 
“Let’s go, Steve.” 
Asher strode forward with unstoppable momentum, his eyes fix ahead.
###chapter883
At that instant, lan rushed out of the meeting room and intercepted them again. 
“Mr. Thompson, while we welcome your presence, don’t you think it’s inappropriate, both ethically and legally, to resort to violence against our staff?” 
Ignoring lan’s words, Asher countered with a question. “Should I wait for Justin Salvador to come out, or should I just barge in?” 
lan’s anger surged, his expression darkening. “I’m sorry, but Mr. Salvador is currently in a meeting. He won’t be able to see you. Please leave!” 
Asher smirked slightly and advanced toward him. 
lan’s internal alarm bells rang as he extended his arms to block Asher 
“Ah!” 
In the blink of an eye, Asher swiftly made his move. Before lan co even comprehend what was happening, Asher twisted his arm to t back and forcefully flung him aside. 
lan crashed to the ground. His arm was dislocated! 
He clenched his teeth in pain as sweat beaded his forehead. He watched Asher and Steven push open the door and enter the conference room. 
Inside the conference room, the mood was solemn. 
Justin, who was sitting at the head of the conference table, exuded a commanding présence. His handsome figure resembled that of an emperor presiding over his court.
The executives below him listened attentively as he calmly outlined the agenda for the upcoming work. 
However, despite his authoritative demeanor, the sudden intrusion of 
Asher and Steven drew the attention of everyone in the room. 
Everyone in the room was shocked and exchanged bewildered glances. 
Everyone present-recognized the intruders. 
Though Justin was aware of their presence, he chose to ignore them, continuing to read from the report in his hands. 
“Justin, let’s talk.” Asher’s eyes were cold and stern. 
Asher’s cold and direct address cut through the tension, disregardin Justin’s status. 
Justin paused briefly, meeting Asher’s stern gaze with calm resol 
“Let’s call it a day. We’ll continue tomorrow. Meeting adjourned.” 
With those words, the other executives stood up in unison, leaving the trip alone in the conference room. 
The silence in the room turned into tension. 
“Asher, you can go ahead and say what you have to say now,” Justin said calmly, his emotions concealed. 
Asher was already seething with anger. Seeing Justin’s seemingly indifferent attitude only fueled his rage further.
He was unaware that Justin was still recovering from his illness, barely able to sit through the meeting with sheer willpower and medication. 
Justin was utterly drained, and his back was drenched in cold sweat. 
“Justin, you did something to my sister.” Asher’s tone turned frosty, and his presence was intimidating. 
Upon hearing this, Steven’s eyes flashed with rage, turning bloodshot. ‘ Did something? What does that mean? Did Justin really harass Ms. Thompson? How could he?! How dare he even consider such a thing?! 
Steven felt an unprecedented wave of anguish, as if someone were strangling him and depriving him of air. 
Justin’s breath caught in his throat. His fingers slowly clenched on the tabletop. His eyes were burning intensely. “I’ll take responsibil If she’s willing to, she remains my wife.” 
Then, as if he had suddenly transformed into another person, he chuckled bitterly and somewhat nervously. “But I believe she would want that. I don’t think she would want to repeat the same mistak again, right?” 
Asher’s lips curled into a cold sneer. His expression resembled that of a handsome yet ferocious deity of the underworld. 
“Justin! Do you even understand how a divorce works?!” 
Steven could not bear it any longer and roared in anger. “Once divorced, you are no longer husband and wife. You have no right to touch Ms. Bella! How could you?! How dare you?!” 
“Whatever happened is in the past. At this point, I have nothing else to say.”
Justin’s heart trembled as he recalled that night, and his eyes reddened with tears. 
He did not ever want to leave her again. 
Suddenly, a loud bang echoed through the room. 
With a swift movement, Asher effortlessly leaped onto the massive conference table.
###chapter884
Asher strode a few steps forward until he towered over Justin. His gaze was icy as he looked down at the pale complexion of the man before him. 
“Justin, you should go to hell!” 
In an instant, Asher abruptly leaned forward and tackled Justin, who was seated on the chair, to the ground. 
They crashed heavily to the floor, prompting Steven to scream in shock. “Be careful, Mr. Thompson!” 
Justin’s back suffered a severe blow. His internal organs trembled violently. 
Suddenly, a cold gleam flashed before Justin’s eyes. 
With a fierce gaze, Asher held a cross-shaped dagger high above, aiming it menacingly at Justin’s ink- black pupils. 
“Don’t do it, Mr. Thompson!” Steven exclaimed in panic. 
Steven could completely understand Asher’s feelings. However, despite his deep hatred for Justin for taking away Bella’s virginity, Steven was also aware of the consequences if Asher hurt Justin. 
If Asher injured Justin, he would be jailed, and Bella would also be consumed by profound self-blame. 
This was not something Bella wanted. 
A noble and refined man like Asher should not have to dirty his own hands for the likes of this scoundrel.
As the dagger’s tip threatened to pierce his eyeball, Justin showed no fear. Instead, his expression shifted to a bleak and bitter resignation. 
He looked numb to it all. 
“Asher! Stop it!” 
In the nick of time, Ryan rushed over and flung himself at Asher, using every ounce of strength to pin him down. 
As a result, the sharp dagger’s trajectory shifted course. 
Justin felt a chilling sensation around his neck, followed by a sharp pain. 
The dagger drew a long, thin wound across his neck. Blood oozed out in a sight that was both shocking and heart-wrenching. 
Justin laid flat on the ground. He reached up to touch his neck, feeling the stickiness in his palm, oddly finding a sense of relief in the pain. 
If Ryan had been just a second late, the dagger would have pierd through his eye. 
Asher was not one to act impulsively, but once he made a move, h would ensure the other party remembered it for a lifetime, harboring resentment. 
With his eyes blazing, Asher glared at Justin and pressed the tip of the dagger against Ryan’s shoulder. “Move aside. Don’t meddle in this.” 
“I’ll meddle however I want!” 
Ryan gasped for breath, his teeth clenched, and he poked his own chest. “If you have the guts, then stab me right here! I was the one who orchestrated it all! It’s all my fault! Don’t hurt Justin. If you want
to kill someone for this, just come at me! But have you ever considered Bella’s feelings in all of this? Do you think she would want to see this horrible situation? Do you think she would want her beloved brother’s hands stained with blood?!” 
Bella’s name was like a calming tune to Asher. 
His eyes, brimming with murderous intent, gradually cooled down. 
When Asher withdrew the dagger, Ryan secretly breathed a sigh of relief. Only God knew how nervous he had been just now. He felt like his heart was about to jump out of his chest. 
“Mr. Thompson!” Steven hurried over to help Asher up. 
Ryan also went to help Justin. At this moment, his hands were still trembling, and he was still in fright. 
Ryan thought himself bold enough to straddle both sides of the la Little did he know that Wyatt Thompson’s eldest son would dare murder someone in broad daylight, right in someone else’s conference room. 
Asher was a goddamn devil! 
Asher had intended to speak, but with the situation escalating, he chose to remain silent. 
He reflected. ‘Right. Justin is not worthy of Bella’s affection, nor is he worthy enough to make me stain my own hands. He should be left to live and perish on his own terms.’ 
“Don’t come close to my sister ever again. Consider this your final warning.” 
Asher tucked the dagger back into his suit pocket, his eyes burning red. “Come on, Steve. Let’s go.” 
Just as they turned to leave, Justin’s hoarse voice broke the silence.
“If she’s willing to, I’ll marry her.” 
With his back against Justin, Asher let out a disdainful laugh. “You won’t ever have the chance to do so. Even if every man in the world were to perish, my sister will never marry you.”
###chapter885
Asher and Steven left in a dignified manner. 
However, news of the KS Group CEO’s sudden visit to the Salvador Corporation spread rapidly throughout the skyscraper. 
Ryan assisted Justin back to his office with lan, who could not shake off his concern. 
lan had dislocated his arm, and the pain made him sweat through his clothes, yet he remained stoic, not uttering a single word. 
Ryan noticed something was amiss when he saw that lan was also injured. He promptly called for assistance and insisted on taking lan to the hospital for treatment. 
“Usually, Asher is refined and composed, but when he loses it… 
Damn, it’s scary beyond words…” Ryan sighed, expressing the sheer terror of the situation. 
“He’s doing all of this for his sister. I understand him.” Justin sat weakly on the sofa, his neck tilted back, both physically and menta drained. 
If someone else had dared to harass Bella, Justin might have reacte even more recklessly than Asher did. 
Recalling Asher’s last words before he left, Justin felt breathless. His blood seemed to freeze in his veins. 
“Well, if it were Carrie, I probably wouldn’t have stayed calm either.”
Ryan looked at the wound on Justin’s neck with concern. Though not too deep, blood still stained his shirt collar. “You should go to the hospital and get that treated.” 
“It’s not a big deal,” Justin replied with a strained breath. 
“Why did Asher suddenly turn so hostile toward you?” Ryan asked with concern. 
“He found out that I was intimate with Bella.” 
“It seems that for Asher, Bella is no longer just a sister but more like his own daughter. He’s acting like a fatherly older brother. Well, at least he didn’t barge in here with a gun and shoot you. So, you’re lucky, dude,” Ryan joked lightly, trying to ease the tension. 
“Well, but in the end, it’s still my fault. I shouldn’t have done this to Bella after the divorce…” 
Justin ran his hands through his hair and let out a heavy sigh. “By Ryan, I couldn’t control myself. I couldn’t control my thoughts. T was all I wanted at that moment.” 
Recalling Carrie’s words, Ryan suddenly felt sorry for Bella’s heartache and grievances. “Justin, if you think about it, it’s not surprising that Asher wanted to kill you. After all, what you did to Bella back then was truly despicable.” 
“What are you talking about?” Justin asked, looking puzzled. 
“Two years ago, you took advantage of Bella. You two were already intimate two years ago, yet you seemed to have no recollection of it. Don’t you think you’re despicable?” 
“Ryan.” 
Justin’s eyes widened in shock as he grabbed Ryan’s hand, his fingers trembling. “Is that true? Who told you about this?!”
Ever since Bella told him those things the other day, he had gotten suspicious. 
However, he had never been able to accept this revelation. It nearly overturned his entire understanding of things. 
“Carrie witnessed everything back then, unintentionally.” 
Ryan sighed helplessly and recounted to Justin, almost word for word, the secret that Carrie had revealed the other day. 
Justin’s mind buzzed. The tremendous impact left him almost numb, and everything felt so surreal. 
He had indeed been intimate with Bella back then, when they were husband and wife. 
Justin thought, ‘Why… Why didn’t Bella tell me about this?!’
###chapter886
What a fool! How could that woman be so foolish? 
“Carrie witnessed it. If you can’t trust anyone else, at least trust Carrie. Seriously, it blows my mind that you don’t remember that incident with her. It’s downright absurd!” 
“I don’t know… I honestly don’t know…” 
Justin’s head throbbed with pain as he clutched it. “That night was my mother’s death anniversary. I was in a bad mood and drank too much alcohol. After that, I started having these explicit dreams about Bella out of nowhere. I thought it was just a dream. I never thought 
we actually had sex…” 
“Two years ago! I remember you breaking up with Rosalind at that time. You told me you’d definitely get back together with Rosalind and divorce Bella because Bella meant nothing to you.” 
Ryan continued, “Isn’t that right, Justin? Do you remember the mean things you said back then?” 
Every word from Ryan felt like a knife stabbing into Justin’s heart. Each word he said was a slap to his soul. He sank into the sofa, haunted by the memory of Bella’s tearful and resentful gaze. 
Justin thought, ‘What was going through Bella’s mind that night two years ago? How deep was her love for me? She even endured such torment and cruelty, yet she still chose to stay by my side. I really deserve to suffer. Asher’s knife should have cut deeper.’ 
“Justin, I actually think you fell in love with Bella a long time ago. It’s 
just that you’ve never understood the true meaning of love and how to truly love someone. You’ve always been manipulated by Rosalind, blinded by her past kindness toward you, so you couldn’t see Bella for 
who she was. You couldn’t confront your own emotions.” 
Ryan shook his head in a mix of anger and disappointment toward his best friend. “I came here today to tell you all of this. Initially, I wanted to urge you not to let go of Bella. I wanted you to fight for her and to persevere no matter what. But now, seeing Asher’s attitude towards you, I’m starting to believe that perhaps some missed opportunities are simply fate’s way of intervening. Perhaps you and Bella aren’t destined to be together. Forcing it would only cause more pain for the both of you. Besides, Bella values her family deeply. Asher’s stance is clear. He won’t accept you, and neither will the Thompson family. 
Even if Bella still has feelings for you in her heart, even if the both of you somehow reconcile, can you truly be happy together?” 
wou 
There were too many unresolved issues that stood between them. 
Ryan couldn’t even bring himself to persuade Bella to take Justin back, as it would only bring her more suffering. 
“Ryan..” 
Justin’s voice was heavy with defeat, his gaze weary and tired. “I want to meet Bella… I want to apologize to her.”
* 
Christopher was deeply concerned upon hearing about Bella’s car accident, so he rushed to the hospital to visit her that very night. 
“Mr. Iverson, Mr. Asher went to the Salvador Corporation today and caused a scene with Justin. It stirred up quite a commotion, and 
some of Salvador Corporation’s staff even ended up getting hurt.” Taylor reported eagerly to Christopher. 
Christopher’s sharp eyes narrowed slightly. “Oh? What exactly happened?” 
“I couldn’t gather all the details about what happened between Mr. Thompson and Justin. But knowing how protective Mr. Thompson is 
over his sister, he wouldn’t cause such a commotion unless it was for 
Ms. Thompson’s sake.” 
Christopher’s eyes darkened slightly. ‘Could Bella’s car accident somehow be connected to Justin? There must have been something 
significant that triggered Asher, who was usually composed and 
calm, to lash out at Justin.’
“Regardless, from my perspective, this incident may be a blessing in 
disguise,” Christopher said with a faint, mocking laugh. “Previously, 
Asher always looked down on me and sided with Justin. He even tried 
to set Bella up with that bastard, Justin. Now that they’ve had a 
falling out, it puts Justin and me on the same starting line. Perha 
have an advantage now.” 
“Absolutely! Your advantage is far superior. How could someone like 
that bastard, Justin, even compare to someone as noble as you? That 
would be an insult to you.”
###chapter887
Taylor obviously did not like Justin from the way he spoke of him.” Justin is nothing more than a puppet manipulated by Gregory to 
” 
maintain his reputation. If Gregory’s eldest son returns in good health, would there be a place for Justin in the Salvador household?” 
Upon hearing those words, Christopher’s eyes flickered with a mix of 
intense and indiscernible emotions. 
After a moment of silence, he suddenly asked, “Did you manage to dig up any information on the guy I told you to look into? The one who was hanging around Yvonne?” 
Taylor hesitated, wearing a troubled expression as he apologized, “I’m 
really sorry, Mr. Iverson… I couldn’t find anything.” 
Christopher raised an eyebrow. “Nothing?” 
“Yes, I will take full responsibility.” Taylor explained, sweatin 
profusely, “But I used all my connections to gather inform 
that man. His data was as encrypted as it gets, clean with n 
whatsoever!” 
on 
“Hmm, he sounds like a mysterious fellow,” Christopher said with
smirk, though his eyes lacked any hints of amusement. “What abou 
Yvonne? Is she behaving herself?” 
“Of course, Ms. Smith hasn’t left the Pivotage or the villa you provided for her. She’s been staying put.” Taylor assured him. 
“Keep a close watch on her. I can’t afford any unnecessary trouble,” 
Christopher added with a firm tone. 
As they arrived at the hospital, Christopher hurried to the floor where 
Bella was staying. Just before they reached the entrance to the VIP ward, they were intercepted by Asher’s bodyguards. 
“Do you even know what the relationship between Ms. Thompson and Mr. Iverson is? Even if you don’t know that, you should know how close Chairman Thompson and Chairman Iverson are. Don’t you know that the KS Group and Iverson Group maintain a good relationship?” Taylor expressed. He felt indignant and frustrated because his boss was stopped. 
The bodyguards exchanged glances upon hearing Taylor’s words, but they remained at their positions, blocking Christopher’s path. 
Christopher smiled coldly as he adjusted his gold-rimmed glasses 
Just as he was about to speak, a rather playful voice interrupted from 
the ward. 
“What’s with all this talk about relationships? It sounds like a t
twister.” 
Christopher’s gaze turned cold as he looked at the source of the 
voice. His eyes narrowed suddenly. 
It was the man he had tasked Taylor to investigate, but they couldn’t find any information on him. This was the man who had been in contact with Yvonne on that fateful night. 
‘Who was this man? How was it possible for him to just show up here so casually?’ Christopher thought. 
Drew stood casually in his black windbreaker, hands in his pockets. His eyes seemed lazy, yet beneath them, his gaze was chilling and resolute, like a haughty devil. 
“So, what exactly is the relationship between you and my little sister? I’m a little curious.” 
With each word, Christopher’s brows suddenly furrowed, his fist 
clenched. ‘Little sister? The little sister he mentioned… Was he referring to Bella?’ 
Christopher steadied his breath and asked with a faint smile. “May I ask what your last name 
is?” 
“Brown,” Drew replied, tilting his chin slightly. 
Christopher suddenly recalled Bella’s third brother, who also bore 
their mother’s last name, Brown. 
He was aware that Wyatt’s first wife had given birth to five children,
so Bella still had another older brother he was not aware of. 
There was only one possibility. 
Christopher felt his heart sink as he adjusted his glasses. 
The man before him was likely Bella’s mysterious fourth brother.
###chapter888
Drew’s lips curled with his trademark rebellious smirk while he calmly observed Christopher. 
That night at the bar, the woman who resembled Bella dashed off and 
hopped into the Iversons’ car. As the alley was dimly lit, Drew couldn’t 
clearly identify who was inside at that time. 
However, as a top-tier special agent, Drew’s observational and 
memory skills were extraordinary. Just based on the distant 
silhouette, he was over seventy percent certain that the man sitting beside Yvonne that night was Christopher. 
“Nice to meet you. You must be Bella’s fourth brother.” Christopher greeted Drew with a charming smile. 
“Oh? You recognize who I am?” Drew raised an eyebrow, slightly 
taken aback. 
“Bella and I go way back as childhood friends, and our fathers 
close bond as well. I used to visit Yara Park often when I was you 
Christopher spoke gently and calmly, his smile warm. “I know th 
Mrs. Thompson has five children, and Bella has four brothers. Her
third and fourth brothers are fraternal twins who took their mother’s 
last name.” 
Drew narrowed his eyes, waiting silently for him to continue. 
“Bella’s third brother is Declan Brown, whom I’ve had the pleasure of 
meeting. He currently holds a high-ranking position in the military. But 
I have never met you, Mr. Brown, nor do I know your name.” 
Christopher continued, his lips curling slightly. “But it doesn’t matter. 
Since you are Bella’s brother, I’ll consider you an elder brother to me 
too.” 
“You seem to have quite the grasp on our family dynamics,” Drew 
remarked, tilting his head with a playful glint in his eyes. 
“When it comes to Bella, I’m always eager to learn more out of 
genuine concern for her,” Christopher replied, his gaze unwavering 
and sincere. 
Drew had heard from Axel that Christopher had shown interest in 
Bella. As her brother, it was his duty to protect her from any potential 
harm. He was determined not to let Bella fall for another wrong guy
and make the same mistakes. 
However, for some reason, the man before him made Drew feel 
somewhat uneasy. While Justin deserved to be condemned and 
permanently blacklisted, Christopher did not quite sit right with him 
either. 
Considering the incident at the bar that night, Drew still fel 
about it, even though there wasn’t any solid evidence to com 
was Christopher. 
Christopher stepped forward urgently. “I heard that Bella was in a ca 
accident. I’m very worried about her condition and want to go in and 
see her. Is that okay?” 
“Bella…” 
“Drew…” 
Before Drew could finish his sentence, a sweet voice called out to 
him. He turned abruptly and saw Amelia gracefully walking toward them after closing the door to the ward. 
Drew quickly asked. “Is Bella asleep?”
Amelia pursed her lips and shook her head. She glanced at Christopher. “Bella heard Christopher’s voice and said she would like 
to see him.” 
Christopher’s eyes lit up with hope when he heard this. 
“Oh, since it’s Bella’s wish, please go ahead,” Drew replied, stepping 
aside to make way for him. 
“Thanks, Drew.” Christopher expressed his gratitude with a warm 
smile, maintaining his refined demeanor as he hurried past him. 
As Drew watched the man enter the ward and close the door behind 
him, he promptly stopped Amelia. 
“Amelia, what exactly is Christopher and Bella’s relationship?” 
Amelia paused, her fingertip touching her lips lightly furrowing in thought. “Well, they’re kind of like childhoo you know? Childhood friends with no secrets between the 
“Seriously?” Drew exclaimed, his eyes widening in disbelief. 
brows 
arts, 
“It’s true. When they were in primary school, they were insepara
remember vividly that Christopher used to get picked on by other ki and Bella was always there to defend him. Then, Uncle Lance broug Charles and Christopher to our house. From what my mom implied, seemed like they were there to propose marriage to Bella.” 
Drew hurriedly asked. “Did Wyatt agree to it?”
###chapter889
Amelia gently shook her head and said, “No, from what I have heard 
from Aunt Mila and the others, it seems Dad wasn’t pleased with both 
of Uncle Lance’s sons, so he’s been avoiding the topic. However, 
Uncle Lance seems quite determined to have Bella as his future daughter-in-law.” 
“Hmph, that old man is living in a fantasy! My sister is like a goddess, 
and marrying her off to those brutes from the Iverson family is like 
throwing pearls into the mud! Wyatt likely sees it the same way, which is why he didn’t give his blessing.” 
Drew scoffed, muttering under his breath, “I suppose that old man 
still has a touch of wisdom.” 
…. 
“Bella, I’m here.” Christopher entered the ward quietly, his heart 
twisting at the sight of Bella. She sat by the bedside, look and haggard. It pained him to see her in this condition. 
He admitted to his deceitful schemes and despicable actions 
when it came to loving Bella, his devotion was unparalleled. In th
lifetime, he vowed to marry no one but her. 
For 15 years, his affection for her never changed. 
int 
“Chris, you’re here.” Bella shook her head and smiled at him. “Thank you for coming to see me. Please, have a seat.” She gestured toward 
the couch. 
Yet Christopher only wanted to sit by her side, to be as close to her as 
possible. He longed to hold her, embrace her, and kiss her. 
Christopher swallowed hard, his throat tight, as he settled beside the bed. He spoke in a gentle tone, “Where are you injured? Does it still hurt? How did you end up in a car accident?” 
“It’s just some minor injuries. Nothing serious.” Bella responded, her clear eyes carrying a touch of bitterness. “I’m just upset about my 
limited edition La Voiture Noire. It’s probably wrecked.” 
“The car doesn’t matter. Your safety is what’s important.” Christopher 
couldn’t help but grasp her hand firmly in his warm palm. “Whatever car you want, I will get it for you, even if there’s only one in the whole 
world.” 
He was willing to give Bella everything.
Bella’s pupils contracted slightly as she quickly withdrew her hand 
from Christopher’s grasp, a hint of discomfort flashing in her eyes, 
piercing Christopher’s heart. 
Christopher thought, ‘Why? It’s clear that any possibilit 
and Justin was over, so why did she still resist my affe 
not worthy? Did I not deserve even a glimmer of hope?’ 
“Bella, I…” 
veen her 
as I 
“Chris, thank you for your sincerity.” Bella’s eyes welled up with tea 
her smile carrying a touch of sorrow. “But I no longer want anything to do with love. Not now, and definitely not in the future. I can’t 
reciprocate your feelings, Chris. Please don’t waste your time on me 
anymore.” 
Steven and Asher left during the day, leaving only Amelia to take care 
of Bella. Drew couldn’t help but feel uneasy with just two young women here. Despite his eldest brother leaving his personal
bodyguards behind, Drew still couldn’t shake off his concerns. 
As the night progressed, Drew and Amelia sat together on a long 
bench in the corridor. Having tended to her sister all day, Amelia was 
exhausted. Her head gradually drooped, and her eyelids were weighed down by sleepiness. In her fatigued state, she looked innocent and 
endearing. 
Eventually, Amelia couldn’t fight off sleep any longer. Her head tilted, 
coming to rest on Drew’s shoulder. 
Drew was momentarily surprised, his gaze softening as he looked at 
Amelia. He didn’t dare to move, struck by the unexpected closeness. 
Since he was a child, Drew has maintained a certain distance from 
his father’s other kids. It was as if he never truly considered them to 
be his family.
###chapter890
However, as time passed and after facing numerous experiences 
together, his mindset gradually changed. 
It was unclear how much time had passed when Amelia suddenly 
woke up. She sat up straight, her eyes staring blankly ahead. She 
wiped the drool from the corner of her mouth with her hand. 
“Why are you awake? Just sleep a little longer,” Drew said, glancing at 
her. He found her absent-mindedness to be cute and endearing. She reminded him so much of Bella when they were young. 
“I-I’m sorry, Drew!” Amelia panicked suddenly, noticing her drool on 
Drew’s shoulder. She blushed with embarrassment and said, “I-I 
stained your clothes… I’ll go wash them for you! I’m sorry!” 
Seeing her flustered, Drew couldn’t help but feel sorry for his 
youngest sister. Their family dynamic always revolved around Bella. 
They almost instinctively regarded Bella as the youngest si 
did they realize that Amelia was the one who truly needed 
care and attention within the Thompson family, yet she was o
overlooked. 
Little 
“Don’t worry, it’s nothing,” Drew said with a gentle smile, patting h 
thigh. “Come here. Lie down and get some rest.” 
Amelia’s face blushed even more. “I can’t…” 
“Bella used to rest her head on my thighs when she slept.”. 
Amelia pressed her lips together tightly. She kneaded her hands 
nervously until they turned red. 
Drew understood her hesitation, knowing she couldn’t bring herself to 
accept such intimacy. After all, she was just his half-sister. To Amelia, Drew’s acknowledgment of her as his sister was enough. 
With a soft sigh, Drew removed his windbreaker and draped it over Amelia’s shoulders, wrapping her petite figure in it. 
“Drew, I’m not cold. You should wear it.” Amelia began to protest, attempting to take it off. 
“Be good and keep it on.” Drew insisted. His gaze softened as he gently pressed her shoulder. “That is, if you truly consider me your 
brother.” 
Upon hearing these words, Amelia no longer hesitated. Her heart
surged with warmth, accompanied by a hint of tears in her eyes. 
Thanks to Bella, she now has a brother to look after her. 
Just then, there was a commotion not too far away. 
“Amelia, wait here. I’ll go check it out,” Drew said as heed up and 
walked out. 
As he caught sight of Justin and Ryan, Drew felt his express darken. His brows furrowed with menace, and he exuded an 
“Damn, it’s him!” 
Ryan recognized Drew at a glance, recalling the incident of Drew 
mercilessly beating Justin, sending shivers down his spine. 
“You have the nerve to show up here?” Drew’s muscles tensed, his 
gaze fierce as he approached Justin directly. “Get out now, before I lose my temper and throw you out!” 
Justin lifted his pale, sorrowful face, his throat tightening. “I want to 
see Bella. I have something important to tell her.” 
Drew glared fiercely. “She doesn’t have anything to say to you, so get 
lost!” 
“No.” Justin took a deep breath, his eyes bloodshot. “If I can’t see her,
I won’t leave!” 
With that, he attempted to push his way past Drew, seemingly out of 
his mind. 
Drew had intended to stop him, but to his surprise, Ryan was prepared and pulled out a stun gun, jabbing it directly into Drew’s lower back. 
“Ah!”
###chapter891
Drew shook violently and fell to the ground. He was unable to stand up, feeling numb all over. 
“Sorry, buddy, just lie down and rest here for a while. This won’t hurt too long,” Ryan said smugly, his eyes gleaming as he tapped the stun gun in his hand. “You Thompsons have some serious combat skills, so I have no choice but to use a few tricks of my own.” 
“Damn it! You’re despicable!” Drew glared at him fiercely, his gaze alone enough to tear Ryan apart. 
Ryan sighed, shrugging helplessly. I am willing to stoop this low for the sake of my one and only best friend.” 
Meanwhile, Justin sprinted to the door of Bella’s hospital room, he was stopped by Amelia. 
buty 
“I need to see your sister,” Justin said, looking at Amelia 
lowered 
eyes, sweat dripping down his haggard cheeks. 
Amelia bit her lip, unsure how to respond. 
“Please.” Justin’s plea escaped the depths of his throat, hoarse desperation. “Let me see her.” 
Unable to bring himself to hurt a girl, Justin could only plead with her. 
Amelia looked at Justin for a moment, her expression softened by his desperation. With a deep sigh, she stepped aside, allowing him to
pass. 
“Thank you,” Justin whispered gratefully as he hurried toward Bella’s 
room. 
As Justin reached for the door handle, he hesitated when Amelia’s soft voice broke the silence. “If you had known this would happen, why did you divorce her in the first place?” 
His breath caught in his throat, and his chest was tight with emotion. Tears brimmed in his reddened eyes, exposing the turmoil within. 
As Justin stepped into the room, Bella’s beautiful face instantly turned frigid. 
A wave of hostility and resistance surged from within Justin’s heart. 
Christopher gazed coldly at Justin, his lips twisting into a snarl. His eyes were burning with the animosity of a feud that had festered for 
far too long. 
Justin flinched at the intensity of the confrontation with Christopher, 
feeling the air crackle with tension. 
“Justin, I don’t want to see you. Please leave!” Bella’s voice t 
and her eyes were red. 
“I need to speak with you.” Justin swallowed hard, his words straine 
and muffled.
“Get out!” 
Bella’s sudden outburst startled him as she sat up abruptly. Her voice 
was laced with anger. She even pounded her fist on the bed. 
“Bella! You have yet to recover… Please don’t get too worked up. 
Calm down!” Christopher hurriedly reached out and placed his hands on her trembling shoulders, his eyes full of concern. 
Looking at Bella’s hysterical state, Justin felt his soul tear in pieces. 
Justin took a step toward her. His step was heavy, as if carrying the weight of his guilt, and his vision was blurred by the tears. 
“I came here to apologize.” Justin’s voice trembled with remorse. What I did to you two years ago was wrong. I hurt you, Bella. I’m truly sorry.” 
Christopher’s brow furrowed deeply upon hearing those words. ‘Two years ago. They were still married back then. What could have 
possibly happened that Justin felt the need to apologize to her?’ 
In the next moment, Christopher could sense Bella’s body trembling 
even more violently. Her eyes were bloodshot as she stared at Justin with an anguished gaze. 
Suddenly, she reached out and grabbed a glass of water from the 
bedside table. She then threw the glass at Justin with all he
With Justin’s quick reflexes, he could have easily dodged it. B didn’t. He only stood there stiffly, allowing the glass to smash o his forehead and shatter into pieces on the ground. 
A large lump immediately swelled up on his forehead. Yet, Justin felt 
no pain. His mind was numb and empty. 
“Who cares about your apology?!” Bella’s voice cracked with emotion 
as tears brimmed in her eyes. 
Justin stared blankly at Bella. The weight of her words settled heavily 
on him, and his heart throbbed with an unbearable ache. 
“We ended things a long time ago. Stop humiliating me!”
###chapter892
Why did Justin come all the way here just to remind Bella of that incident? Why did he even bother apologizing to her? 
Bella never wanted his apology. In fact, she didn’t even know what 
she truly wanted. A deep sense of disappointment and shame enveloped Bella completely, leaving her trembling with anger. 
She was not someone who cried easily, but at that moment, tears were streaming down her face uncontrollably. 
Christopher had never seen Bella in such a vulnerable state before. 
The vibrant and confident woman he once knew seemed broken 
because of Justin. 
Christopher pleaded, his voice full of concern. “Bella, please don’t cry.” 
Ignoring Justin’s presence, Christopher opened his arms as if there 
were no one else in the room, gently embracing the distraught 
Bella’s entire body went limp, her mind in a haze as she reste forehead on Christopher’s shoulder, her tears quickly soaking his 
clothes. 
A rush of warmth flooded Christopher’s heart, and a faint smile
appeared on his lips. At that moment, a sense of satisfaction filled 
the void in his heart like never before. He had never felt so happy and 
content. 
This scene delivered a blow straight to Justin’s heart. He staggered back a few steps until his back was against the wall, and a chill swept through his body. 
“Justin, why are you still here?” Christopher patted Bella gently while he glared coldly at Justin. “If you truly feel sorry for Bella, you should honor her wishes and leave. Your presence serves no purpose other than reopening Bella’s wounds over and over again. She has finally found peace. Why do you insist on reminding her of the pain she endured because of you?” 
: 
Justin stumbled out of the hospital room, his head swimming with a whirlwind of emotions. The bruise on his forehead throbbed painfully, its deep red hue contrasting starkly against his pale complexion, as if every drop of blood had been drained from his body. 
At that moment, he couldn’t bear to face Ryan or anyone else. All he wanted was solitude. He wanted a place where he could retreat from 
the world and be alone with his thoughts for a while. 
With heavy steps, Justin walked down the stairs, his back leaning 
against the wall. His tall figure gradually bowed, each step ber 
than the last, as if his very bones were on the brink of crumblin
beneath him. 
Suddenly, the door to the stairs creaked open, flooding the space w a chilly light that illuminated Justin’s face, which was glistening with a sheen of sweat. Justin froze for a moment, then straightened up immediately, gathering his composure. 
“You’re still here? Your shamelessness truly knows no limits.”
###chapter893
Justin found himself face to face with Christopher. He stared at Justin with a cold, mocking gaze. “Even now, you’re not giving up? You saw what just happened. Bella needs me, not you. But I suppose I owe you one. If it weren’t for your cruelty, Bella might not have been able to fully let you go and accept me.” 
Justin took a deep breath, a heavy weight pressing down on his chest. He had no desire to exchange words with Christopher. Just being in his presence filled Justin with disgust and repulsion. 
In the past, he would have already started a fight with this man who stole his beloved’s heart. But now, did he even have the right to do so? 
As Justin walked past Christopher, he suddenly stopped Justin and asked, “Why did you apologize to Bella? What did you do to her two years ago?” 
Justin’s footsteps came to a stop as he closed his eyes. Memories of that fateful night flooded Justin’s mind, his lips grazing against her red earlobe, whispering over and over again how much he loved her. 
Though Bella had never uttered the word “love” to him, he had sensed her lingering affection. Initially, there had been a flicker of hope between them. But he repeatedly disappointed her and made her suffer, ultimately destroying that tiny glimmer of hope. 
Justin’s chest throbbed with pain, spasming as tears welled up at the corners of his eyes. He crooked his parched lips. “Do you really want 
to know?” 
Christopher replied proudly. “Of course. As someone who has loved 
Bella for 15 years, I want to know everything about her.”
Justin locked eyes with him, his gaze unwavering, his eyes reflecting depths as profound as an abyss. 
After a moment, a chilling smile crept across Justin’s handsome yet pale face. His voice was hoarse and deep as he said, “I had sex with 
her two years ago when she was still my wife.” 
Christopher’s pupils dilated in shock. 
“Bella has long been mine,” Justin declared, his words laced with a 
bitter truth. 
“You monster!” 
Christopher’s fury surged like a tidal wave, his fists clenching tightly as he launched a punch toward Justin’s face. He couldn’t bear the thought of anyone laying a hand on Bella, his Bella. How could this monster do that to her when he didn’t even love her back then? 
But before his blow could land, there was a sharp crack. 
Justin swiftly raised his palm, catching Christopher’s fist with such speed that he seemed like an entirely different person from the man who had just stood there and taken a hit from Bella. 
A frown etched deep into Christopher’s forehead as he struggled to retract his hand, feeling an unprecedented sense of oppression 
weighing upon him. Never before had anyone exerted such 
dominance over him.
###chapter894
“It’s only natural for Bella to hit me since I owe it to her.” Justin’s eyes narrowed slightly as he spoke, his grip tightening gradually, intensifying the discomfort Christopher felt. 
“If she wanted to stab me in the heart with a knife or cut me to 
shreds, I would willingly endure it.” 
Justin continued. “But you? Who do you think you are to lay a hand on me? I’m only here for Bella’s sake. Don’t push your luck and think that I’ll tolerate your nonsense.” 
With a swift motion, Justin raised his hand, sending Christopher stumbling back until his back slammed against the wall. 
At that moment, Christopher realized the difference in their strength. 
He wasn’t a match for Justin. 
“Hahahaha!” Christopher leaned against the wall, his sinister laughter echoing in the dimly lit staircase, a stark contrast against his delicate, fair complexion. “So you still haven’t given up on Bella, huh? You still 
want to compete with me? Do you really think you stand a chance. 
against me?” 
“Christopher, I never intended to compete with you,” Justin replied calmly, his voice steady despite the tension between them. “If your truly love Bella, I won’t stand in your way. I won’t interfere with anyone who wants to give her their love.”
Justin was aware that he had never given Bella the love she deserved. If someone else could, he was willing to let her go. 
“But I know exactly what kind of person you are, so I’ll keep my eyes 
on you. If you show even the slightest hint of wrongdoing, I won’t let you off the hook.” 
Justin’s eyes flashed with a sharp and intimidating glare.” 
Christopher, you’ll always be under my radar.” 
With that, Justin turned around arrogantly and left, slamming the door 
behind him. 
Christopher thought, ‘Justin, even someone like you can’t guarantee. your own safety. What makes you think you can compete with me for 
Bella?’ 
Christopher adjusted his golden-rimmed glasses. His once-angelic features turned sinister. 
In a sudden burst of rage, he smashed the glass door of the fire hydrant to pieces with his fist. “Justin… The price of stealing my 
woman is to die in hell!” 
Ryan had been waiting outside the hospital for Justin, smoking 
cigarettes one after another.
When he spotted Justin emerging from the door, pale as a ghost, Ryan put out his cigarette with his feet and called out to him. “Justin!” 
However, Justin seemed utterly disconnected from the world, walking past Ryan in a daze and silently getting into the car. 
Ryan grew even more worried. 
Change 194 
The luxury car made its way back to Tideview Manor. 
In the car, Ryan spoke up in a hushed tone, “The villa that lan mentioned is officially sealed and up for auction now. There’s quite a bit of interest in it from potential buyers.” 
He continued, “lan has already sorted through everything in the villa. He’s packed up some of your mother’s photos for you to take back to Tideview Manor.”
###chapter895
“He threw everything else into the trash and destroyed it completely, leaving no trace behind. Justin? Justin? Are you listening to me?” 
“Ryan, I’m not going back to Tideview Manor. I want to visit Grandpa. I 
miss him.” Justin said, his voice breaking on the last words. 
Ryan looked at him in shock, feeling worried. Justin’s eyes were now 
red, with tears streaming down his face. His broad shoulders 
trembled uncontrollably. 
He was actually crying. 
They had been friends for twenty years, and Justin had never shed a single tear, not even at his mother’s funeral. But now, for Bella, he 
cried like a child. 
Bella’s physical injuries from the car accident weren’t serious, bu real damage was inflicted on her emotionally. 
During the next couple of days, Christopher remained by her side the hospital, refusing to leave. 
Although there was little he could do to care for her, he insisted o staying. Even if he was unable to do anything, he wanted Bella to know he was there for her from morning until night, every single day.
When Wyatt and his wives returned from their trip abroad, they received a phone call as soon as they got off the plane. 
“Uncle Wyatt, it’s me.” 
“Christopher?” Wyatt was somewhat surprised. “Is there something 
you need to tell me?” 
Christopher’s voice was filled with worry. “Bella was in a car accident 
a few days ago and ended up in the hospital. I’ve been by her side, helping her through her recovery.” 
“What? Bella had an accident?!” 
Wyatt’s blood pressure skyrocketed in an instant, his vision blurred, 
and his heart was pounding like a drum. 
“Why didn’t I know about this? Why wasn’t I informed?” 
“It was Bella’s decision, Uncle Wyatt. She didn’t want you to worry 
about her.” 
“Silly girl! How could she do this?! Does she not consider me her 
father?!”
Wyatt’s anger and frustration surged at the idea of his beloved daughter being alone in a hospital bed without his knowledge. Hist face flushed red with a mix of anger and anxiety, and his heart was 
twisting in pain. 
“Don’t worry, Uncle Wyatt. Bella is doing fine now. She should be discharged tomorrow,” Christopher reassured him gently. 
“Ah, thank you for letting me know and for looking after Bella during this time. Let’s arrange a suitable time, and I’ll treat you to a meal to express my gratitude. Which hospital is Bella at? Is it Thompson Hospital? I’ll head there right away!” 
“Uncle Wyatt, I’m waiting for you outside the airport. Let me take you there,” Christopher offered. 
After a brief pause, Christopher lowered his voice and said, “By the 
way, there are some important matters I’d like to discuss with you in 
private.”
###chapter896
When Wyatt shared the news of Bella’s accident with his three wives, 
they were all worried and insisted on accompanying him to visit her. 
However, he ultimately decided to dissuade them and sent them back 
to Hatchbay before heading to the hospital. 
As Wyatt walked out of the airport with Quentin and his bodyguards, 
he saw Christopher waiting for him at the entrance, standing 
gracefully next to his sports car. 
“Hello, Uncle Wyatt.” Christopher showed a gentle smile and bowed 
deeply to Wyatt. 
Wyatt paused and thought for a moment before getting into Christopher’s car. After all, Christopher said he had something to tell him about Bella. Meanwhile, Quentin and the bodyguards fol ed 
closely behind them in a separate car. 
Normally, if an upstart like Christopher wanted to meet an 
established business mogul like Wyatt, he would have to wait in despite their family’s connections. However, given the urgency of 
situation concerning Bella, Wyatt couldn’t afford to wait.
The sports car smoothly made its way toward the hospital. 
“Uncle Wyatt, I have been at Bella’s side for the past few days. She’s been in a constant state of distress, her emotions incredibly unstable.” Christopher’s eyes were filled with pain. “I have known her for a long time, but this is the first time I have seen her in such agony. 
Chapy 200 
I know how much you dote on her, so seeing her like this will surely 
break your heart.” 
Wyatt could already feel a sharp pain in his chest. Everyone knew Bella held a special place in his heart above all his other children. No. 
one could compare to her. 
He knew that Wyatt’s biggest weakness was Bella. If anyone dared to 
harm Bella, Wyatt would be the first to defend her. Christopher 
understood this all too well. 
“Son, what happened when I was not around?” Wyatt anxiously looked at Christopher. “What difficulties did Bella encounter? Who did 
this to my precious daughter?” 
“Uncle Wyatt, who else can make someone as strong as Bella so heartbroken ?” Christopher secretly clenched his fist, his gaze icy. Who was the one who hurt her in the first place and then abandoned, her? Who would not stop getting entangled with her and breaking her
heart over and over again?” 
“Justin?” Wyatt’s thick eyebrows furrowed deeply. 
“There isn’t anyone else other than him.” 
“Was the car accident also related to that bastard?” 
Christopher pushed his glasses up lightly, his eyes gloomy. “All I know is that on the day of the accident, Bella went to see Justin. I’m not sure what happened between them, but whatever it was left Bella distracted, leading to the car accident on her way back. Her car was wrecked, but fortunately, no one was seriously injured.” 
“Justin! When will he stop harassing my daughter?” Wyatt slammed 
his hand against the car door furiously, unable to contain his anger. 
“There is one more thing, Uncle Wyatt, but I don’t know if I should tell you.” Christopher hesitated. 
“Tell me! Do you know what that bastard has done to my daughter? 
Tell me everything!” Wyatt stared at Christopher with bloodshot eyes, 
trembling with anger. 
Christopher’s eyes flashed, and in a low voice, he told Wyatt about 
what Justin had done to Bella while she was unconscious. He was 
able to put together everything that happened after Justin came to apologize to Bella.
With his intelligence, he could easily make a rough guess based on Justin’s words and Bella’s reaction. Through his contact with Bella these days, he had managed to gather more information to confirm 
his suspicions. 
It didn’t matter if there were parts he didn’t understand. Christopher filled them in where Justin’s words fell short.
###chapter897
Wyatt listened silently to Christopher, not saying a word. Only the sound of his heavy breaths, filled with hatred, could be heard in the 
car. 
“Uncle Wyatt, try not to let your anger consume you. Please take care 
of yourself.” Christopher’s eyes were full of concern. 
“That Salvador bastard! How much longer does he plan to torment my daughter?” Wyatt pressed his hand on his chest, trying to stop the 
pain surging in his heart. 
“Although some bad things happened to Bella, it’s all in the past. I’ll 
make sure to protect her from now on. 
Christopher looked at Wyatt, his eyes ablaze. “Uncle Wyatt, I love 
Bella. I will make her the happiest woman in the world. I swear that I 
love Bella with all my heart. It has nothing to do with her being your daughter or my situation in the Iverson family. I have loved her as a person since I was young. No one can replace Bella’s place in my 
heart.” 
Wyatt looked shocked, staring at Christopher’s eyes, which were gleaming with sincerity. Before this, he had his own opinions about Christopher and the entire Iverson family. He had never experienced
so-called business marriages, so he naturally didn’t want Bella to marry someone she didn’t love and be miserable for life. 
But it seemed that Christopher’s feelings for Bella were genuine. Wyatt was an experienced person, and he could tell that the love in Christopher’s eyes when he mentioned Bella was impossible to fake. 
Wyatt thought, ‘Maybe I shouldn’t spoil Bella anymore. She has always said she wants to find her own happiness. But in the end, what did she find? A scumbag who can’t even control his own lust!’ 
“Chris.” Wyatt rarely addressed him so affectionately, but his gaze 
was very serious. “You know Bella’s current situation. She loved 
Justin so deeply and gave him everything. It may take a long time. before she can heal the pain in her heart and be open to your feelings. No matter how serious or passionate you are, she may not see you as a romantic partner.” 
He continued, “Bella is my daughter, and I know her temperament 
better than anyone. Maybe you can persist like this for a year or two, but what about ten years or even twenty years? Can you continue 
waiting for her like this? Won’t you regret it?” 
“I know that she still has feelings for Justin, but I don’t care.”
Christopher’s eyes were filled with passion and wet with tears. Behind 
them, his eyes showed signs of relief and sincerity. “I want to marr her, despite everything she’s been through. I’ll only marry Bella in thi 
lifetime.” 
Wyatt’s brows furrowed deeply. It would be a lie to say he wasn’t 
moved at all. 
“Uncle Wyatt, I beg you to give me a chance. Please!” 
* 
When Wyatt arrived at the hospital, Bella was already asleep. 
Wyatt felt pent-up and had been holding back the words he wanted to say to his daughter all along. But now that he saw her haggard, 
sleeping face, he choked up, unable to say anything. He wanted to stay by her bedside quietly and accompany her. 
What more could be said? Everything that happened in the past could not be undone. Saying anything further would only add salt to her 
wounds. 
In the early hours of the morning, Asher and Axel walked in together.
Asher said softly, “Dad, go back and get some rest. Bella will be discharged tomorrow, and we’ll take her home.” 
“I’m not tired.” Wyatt’s tone was cold. It was obvious he was mad at them. 
“Dad, we were wrong this time. We really shouldn’t have kept it from you.” Axel sighed heavily. “But we also did it for your sake, and besides, you raised so many sons. Isn’t this the time for us to support you? We can take care of Bella.”
###chapter898
Wyatt sneered at him. “Do you think you can really handle it? If you could, Bella wouldn’t be lying here right now!” 
Asher’s eyes instantly dimmed, and he kept his mouth shut. 
Axel also pursed his lips. Although he was usually eloquent, he had nothing to say. 
“Ash, let’s talk outside,” Wyatt said, standing up stiffly. After sitting for too long, his back was aching. 
“Yes, Dad.” Asher quickly moved to support his father, and the two temporarily left the ward. 
They went to the lounge. 
“What did you say?” Asher was greatly shocked, his eyes narrowing. You want Bella to be with Christopher? But why?” 
“If we really want Bella to break free from Justin’s shadow, I think the best way is to let her start a new relationship. Let someone who truly 
loves her be with her.” 
Wyatt’s gaze was deep, as if he had already made up his mind. “Right 
now, Christopher is so devoted to Bella, and our two families are well- 
matched. Besides, I’ve watched him grow up. Why not give them a 
chance? Maybe he can heal Bella’s inner wounds. Bella can’t continue 
to suffer like this, she deserves a fresh start.”
“Watched him grow up? Do you really think you truly understand Christopher’s character?” Asher asked impatiently, his tone growing heavier. “Christopher has been involved in some shady dealings in Sentania over the past few years. Some of his businesses are downright shady. Are you really comfortable letting Bella be with him?” 
“That’s in Sentania, not here. Besides, if he treats Bella well and they stand a chance, I don’t mind helping him to clean up his business.” 
“Dad!” Asher choked on his words, his throat tightening. “Why are you suddenly like this? Bella is not going to be happy about it!” 
“Even if I don’t do this, does it make her happy?!” Wyatt suddenly stood up, his eyes burning with resentment as he shouted angrily at him. “Since she joined the Doctor without Borders, when have I ever intervened in her affairs? I gave her the freedom to follow her heart, but where has it gotten her? She ended up in a broken marriage, became both emotionally and physically scarred from abuse, and even now, she’s still being bullied by Justin! Is my daughter worth s little? Does she have to remain lonely and unwanted without Justin? 
Asher’s eyes widened in shock. He could tell that Wyatt already knew about the undisclosed matter between Bella and Justin. But besides 
the two parties involved, only Asher knew about it, and he hadn’t 
uttered a single word to his father. How did his father know? Who told 
him? 
“Christopher holds no position in the Iverson family, and his
relationship with your Uncle Lance is quite ordinary. Currently, he might not seem like the perfect match for Bella. But that’s alright. As long as he genuinely treats Bella well and with sincerity, I don’t mind 
giving him a hand.” 
Wyatt thought of the harm Justin had done to his daughter and hated Justin so much that he wished he could shoot him dead. “Hmph, Justin’s days of being special in Savrow are numbered!” 
Asher felt inexplicably depressed. Wyatt’s intentions to groom Christopher as his future son-in-law were crystal clear. 
“Have you discussed with Bella regarding this decision? Would she be okay with you meddling in her love life?” 
“I’m not going to discuss anything” Wyatt replied as he closed his eyes and waved his hand dismissively. “Eventually, Bella will come to realize that loving someone doesn’t always mean they are the right fit or the best choice. Only the person who loves her back is suited to be her life partner. At the very least, she wouldn’t be hurt again.”
###chapter899
Late at night, at the Tideview Manor, Bethany had just taken a shower. She changed the bandages on her face from her plastic surgery and was ready to enjoy some wine. 
“Linny? Linny!” Bethany shouted twice, and the maid, Linny, ran in. 
“I’m here, Ms. Bethany.” 
Ever since Bella arranged for her to be a spy, Linny has been trying her best to get close to Shannon and Bethany to gain their trust. She knew that Shannon was suspicious by nature and would not trust 
anyone. 
On the other hand, Bethany was much less suspicious compared to her mother, and she was easier to approach. Thus, Linny decided to pour all her efforts into Bethany, and being at her beck and call gave her the opportunity to serve Bethany. Otherwise, as a lowly servant like her, who had previously served Carrie, Bethany would have kicked her out of the Tideview Manor. How would she be able to complete the task Bella gave her? 
“Go to the wine cellar and get me a good bottle of wine,” Bethany said lazily while she put a mask on her face. “If you mess up and choose a cheap wine, I will deduct your salary for the month.” 
“Yes, Ms. Bethany,” Linny responded obediently, and she immediately went to get the red wine for Bethany 
Throughout this period, Bethany had always been making Linny’s life difficult with petty demands, causing her much distress. Linny was 
well aware that Bethany was using her as a punching bag because she used to be Carrie’s maid. Nevertheless, it didn’t matter. Linny had a plan in mind and could endure all the bullying. She believed in karma, trusting that one day, Bella would take revenge for her and deal with this vicious mother- daughter duo. 
Bethany suddenly realized that she had left her phone in the entertainment room on the third floor. She was so annoyed that she stomped her foot and wanted to order Linny to get it for her. 
Unable to wait any longer, Bethany decided to go get it herself. She put on a mask and walked out of the room. After walking for a while, she suddenly saw a black shadow flash by. 
“Ah!” Bethany screamed out loud, scared. The mask on her face almost fell to the ground. 
Just a few steps ahead, a woman with a pale face and messy hair 
suddenly appeared in the dimly lit corridor, resembling a ghost. 
Bethany looked closely and sighed in relief. She couldn’t help but fe 
surprised. 
“Mom…? Is that you?” Bethany looked at Shannon, who always looked elegant and poised. She was shocked to see her in such a haggard state. She hadn’t seen Shannon since the last party, but it 
wasn’t too long ago. 
‘What happened to her?’ Bethany thought. 
Shannon immediately ran toward Bethany, grabbed her arm, and ran 
back to the room.
Bethany asked nervously. “Mom, what’s the matter? Did something 
happen?” 
Shannon remained seated on the sofa, trembling despite being in a warm room. She was wrapped in a thick coat and refused to take it 
off. 
“Bethany, I said something I shouldn’t have tonight.” 
Bethany was filled with confusion. Something wrong? What did you say?”
###chapter900
“Earlier tonight, I went for another cosmetic procedure. Dr. Fairchild gave me an injection, claiming that it would relax me even more than the medication I usually take,” Shannon confessed, her hands 
clutching her head and her eyes filled with panic. 
Shannon’s voice trembled, her gaze still unfocused. “After I got the injection, I felt really relaxed and drifted off to sleep. When I woke up, Dr. Fairchild asked me who Mary was.” 
“Mom, what did you tell him? Who is Dr. Fairchild? How could you?” 
At that time, Bethany also knew the truth behind Mary’s death. In a way, Shannon could be said to be the culprit behind Mary’s suicide. However, she had orchestrated it cleverly back then. She bribed the maid who took care of Mary and replaced her daily medication for depression. She even manipulated Rosalind and Bethany into spreading rumors through their children, which ultimately led to 
Mary’s worsening condition and her suicide. 
Shannon had killed her greatest rival without even a single drop of blood on her hands. It was her proudest achievement, yet one she could never openly boast about. 
“I don’t know. I don’t know what I said. I don’t know what I told him.” 
Shannon’s entire body continued to tremble, her voice quivering. “But Dr. Fairchild swore to me that he would keep everything he heard secret. He promised he would never reveal it to anyone!” 
Bethany was dumbfounded. “Mom! How can you be so naive? Dr. 
Fairchild is not related to you. What if he reveals the truth? What if he
uses it to blackmail you in the future?” 
What shocked her even more was the medication Shannon was taking. 
Bethany thought, ‘What kind of medicine was that? A truth serum? How could she spill the secrets buried deep in her heart without any recollection?’ 
At that moment, Bethany heard a noise. Her heart raced as she 
glanced toward the bedroom, cautiously tiptoeing over. When she reached the door, she pushed it open, only to find an empty room with no one inside. 
Bethany let out a sigh of relief, her forehead covered in cold sweat. The topic Shannon was talking about weighed heavily on her. If someone heard it, they would be in big trouble. 
“It won’t happen. He’s my man. He would never betray me!” Shannon reassured herself, though uncertainty lingered in her words. 
But what could she do? She was now completely dependent on Dr. Fairchild, both mentally and physically. 
“Mom, I’m your daughter, and I would never hurt you. Please listen to 
me.” Bethany sat down beside Shannon and held her cold hand 
tightly. “You should have less contact with Dr. Fairchild from now on. 
He must have some ulterior motives for you! You must silence whoever knows about Mary’s death. As long as he is alive, he’s a fatal threat to you!”
“It won’t happen. It’s been almost twenty years. Any evidence is long gone!” Shannon shivered as she burrowed into Bethany’s arms.” Unless that bitch, Mary, miraculously rises from the dead to accuse 
me, no one knows what really happened back then!” 
“Who said that no one knows? Rosalind is still around!” 
“She’s nothing, just a discarded pawn! If she wants to come back to Savrow one day, she has to keep her mouth shut!” 
Shannon gradually calmed down, and reason regained the high ground. “What about the maid who looked after Mary back then? Have you been keeping an eye on her for years?” 
Bethany’s eyes were gloomy. “Yes, she’s been in Richmond all these years, running a small restaurant there. She has received our favor, so she will likely keep the secret to herself.” 
Although Bethany had some resentment toward Shannon, she knew 
the principle of one for all and all for one. 
If Shannon fell, her days with the Salvador family would not be good 
either. The entire Salvador family would fall into Justin’s hands, and 
Bethany would probably not even be able to raise her head in the 
future. 
Shannon took a moment to calm herself down before allowing Bethany to help her back to the room.
As soon as they left, the closet door in the bedroom creaked ope 
slightly.
###chapter901
Curled up into a ball inside the closet, Linny held a bottle of red wine shakily 
The shock drained her complexion of color, and her eyes were 
bloodshot as if she had a good cry. 
Linny pondered what she should do. 
What should she ever do? 
She contemplated the first party to whom she should divulge the horrifying secret. 
The option was between Justin and Bella. 
After calming Shannon down, Bethany headed back to her room. 
While changing Shannon into fresh, clean clothes, Bethany shudder at the sight of the needle marks along her mother’s arm. 
Gregory and Shannon barely shared a room. In fact, the problem in their marriage has grown bigger since the incident with Celeste. 
If the married couple were to lie in the same bed, there was no telling what Gregory would think when he saw those needle marks. 
Bethany found Linny standing blankly outside her bedroom door with a bottle of red wine in hand. 
Linny had a grim look. 
“Ms. Bethany, I’ve brought you the wine. Should I decant the wine for you?” Linny asked cautiously.
“No need for that. Just give it to me. You are dismissed.” 
Bethany snatched the bottle out of Linny’s hand and walked into the room before slamming the door behind her. 
Linny stood there, her outfit drenched by cold sweat. 
Bethany was no longer in the mood to drink once she returned to her 
room. 
Her mind wandered to the doctor Shannon talked about, and fear settled in. She needed to find time to run a background check on him. 
Bethany took out her dried facial mask and washed her face. She removed her bathrobe and opened her closet to get her pajamas. 
Suddenly, she froze as a heavy feeling sank in. 
Bethany was a pretty careless person, but she watched her stuff like a hawk. She could spot any problems or misplacement issues right 
away. 
She knew her things in the closet were touched as a wave of hot, sweltering air hit her in the face. 
It struck Bethany that she did hear something coming from the bedroom when she was talking with Shannon earlier. 
She pulled out her phone and tapped on the surveillance app. 
That was right. She had an app for surveillance.
Bethany, despite living foolishly for most of her life, had installed surveillance cameras in her bedroom. 
Heck, the cameras had been there for a while. Like her mother, Bethany did not trust anyone. She always had the feeling that the household help would go through her stuff while she was not around. 
Gritting her teeth, Bethany retrieved the surveillance video. 
The video showed that not long after Bethany left her room, Linny came in with a bottle of wine and hid inside. When Bethany drew close, Linny took cover in the closet. 
Bethany let out a scream and threw her phone away. 
It became apparent that Linny had heard the conversation between her and Shannon. 
Linny had found out about the awful secret. 
As sweat drenched her back, Bethany gnashed her teeth and paced 
around her room. 
She grabbed her phone again, her fingertips trembling as she dialed 
Shannon’s number. 
“What’s the matter? I’m in bed,” Shannon asked languidly. 
“Mom… I’ve got news!” 
All shivered up in bed, Bethany uttered, “Linny eavesdropped on us.
She was hiding in my closet. I caught her on video.”
###chapter902
Bethany was all flustered. 
It was unexpectedly quiet on the other end of the line. 
“Mom? Mom! Are you there? What should we do now?” 
“We have to get rid of the maid.” 
Moments later, Shannon said grimacingly, “Just act like this never happened. Don’t spook her, and keep an eye on her. When the time is right, we’ll make sure our problem disappears off the face of the 
earth.” 
Bella rested and recuperated before she was released from the 
hospital. 
On the day of her discharge, the Thompsons, except for Drew, who did not want to run into Wyatt, were there for her. Even all three of 
Wyatt’s wives made the trip from Hatchbay. 
The women in the family nearly wept as the apple of the family’s eye had lost a lot of weight. 
“You had it rough, child.” 
Celeste, the most sentimental of the bunch, cried her eyes out and gave Bella a tight hug. “We didn’t do a good job protecting you. I’m sorry, child. 
“I should be the one to apologize, Aunt Celeste.”
Bella hugged Celeste back, anguish washing over her. “Have you been 
feeling better? Did Wyatt buy you bags, clothes, or jewelry? Oof. Don’t tell me Wyatt has been stingy with money and didn’t get you 
anything.” 
“Celeste isn’t into that kind of stuff. She brought a lot of uncommon 
groceries and local specialties to be your chef for the next few 
weeks.” Putting her arm around Mila’s waist, Sasha spoke with a smile. 
“Huh? I’m fine. Honest.” Bella waved her arms frantically. She loved Celeste’s cooking, but all that food would go to her belly. 
It would take a lot of kayaking to shed the pounds. 
Across the street, Justin stood in the cold woods and stared intently 
at Bella. His burning gaze never left her smiling face. 
Upon learning of her hospital discharge, Justin blew off an important meeting and made his way there. 
However, he hid in the shadows to gawp at the woman who was once 
his. 
She used to be the closest person to him. 
Now, Bella was unreachable. 
The long-absent smile on Bella’s beautiful face brought Justin back
to the day she screamed hysterically at him. She even got physical 
with him. 
The man held his chest shakily. 
The pain ripped through his chest repeatedly, leaving him breathless and agonized. 
He had no one to blame but himself. 
Were Rosalind or Christopher responsible in any way? 
No, the only one at fault was him. 
“Bella… Bella…” 
Caught in a moment, Justin let his instincts take over and took a step toward her. 
A fancy car approached and pulled up in front of Bella. 
It was Wyatt’s ride, an old, classic Rolls Royce. It was one-of-a kind 
and pretty flashy. 
Quentin got out of the car and opened the door to the back seat. 
Thinking her dad was getting out, Bella was stunned by what she saw 
A gentleman in a suit stepped out of the vehicle.
It was Christopher.
###chapter903
The Thompsons were taken aback as Christopher exited Wyatt’s vehicle. 
Bella furrowed her brows. 
Wyatt was a conceited and proud man. 
No one around the age of his children, except his own kids, earned a spot on Wyatt’s ride. Even Justin, a well-known and influential figure in Savrow, was deemed unworthy of sitting alongside Wyatt, according to Wyatt himself. 
Yet now, Christopher was able to get close to Wyatt. The Thompsons would be lying to say they were not shocked. 
If Bella remembered correctly, Wyatt was indifferent to Christopher before. His attitude took a huge turn in just a few days. 
“You look a lot better, Bella. That’s good news.” 
Christopher smiled tenderly and approached Bella with a vibrant bouquet of pink flowers. He presented the flower to her.” Congratulations on your discharge from the hospital, Bella.” 
Bella stared at the blooming Damascus roses, her lashes fluttering. 
“Thank you, Chris.” She took the bouquet. 
“They are your favorites. I went to the flower field this morning and picked them myself.” Christopher’s eyes glistened earnestly. 
The Thompsons exchanged glances as the air filled with
awkwardness. 
“Thank you, but you don’t have to,” Bella replied while holding the roses, her eyes unreadable. 
“I’ll do anything for you.” Christopher looked deep into her eyes, barely hiding his affection for her. 
Lost for words, Bella pressed her lips together. 
Christopher’s words were more passionate than the vibrant roses she 
held. 
Justin observed the interaction between Bella and Christopher, his dry throat scratchy and burning. 
Soon, he felt suffocated. 
Wyatt stepped out of the Rolls Royce and drew close to Christopher. They stood alongside each other, like father and son. 
Christopher gave Wyatt a warm smile, blending in perfectly wit 
family. 
Wyatt patted his shoulder with a grin and said something. It was apparent that they had gotten closer 
With bloodshot eyes, Justin punched the tree bark. 
He could not accept Wyatt welcoming Christopher with open arms. 
However, Justin could not do anything about it. The Thompsons 
would not take his unwarranted advice, and he could not risk
upsetting Bella again. 
He could not hurt her anymore. That was the last thing he wanted to 
do to her. 
“Pft! I thought you were better than that, Mr. Salvador. All you can do is heave with fury.” 
The harsh critique came from the back. 
Justin looked back and met Drew’s taunting gaze. 
“Aren’t you always assertive and confident, Mr. Salvador? You look weak and spineless to me.” Since Drew despised Justin anyway, he did not hold back on the sarcasm. 
Drew was rather protective of his family, and it did not matter whether his family was in the right or wrong. 
It was a heinous crime to hurt his beloved sister. Drew believed that nothing less than death was a fitting punishment for such a 
despicable act. 
“I know that I shouldn’t be in Bella’s life anymore, but can’t I just watch her from afar?” Justin rasped out with bloodshot eyes. 
He had spent the last few days awake until morning light. 
His heart had bled dry. 
Standing beside Justin, Drew narrowed his eyes on Bella. “To be
honest, Justin, I really hate you.” 
Justin pursed his lips, his eyes downcast. 
“But I am not keen on that guy either. My poor sister. Why can’t she 
meet better men? There’s another thing for me and my brothers to 
worry about.’ 
Drew stared at Christopher peevishly and clicked his tongue. “Wyatt isn’t any better. I just praised him for having some good sense, but he quickly proved me wrong. If he gives Christopher Bella’s hand in 
marriage, I’m going to make my ion loud and clear at the 
wedding.” 
Justin was speechless.
###chapter904
It was usually old flames and rivals in love ing at weddings, not brothers. 
Nevertheless, Drew was capable of doing just about anything. Justin would not be surprised if Drew did so. 
“Hey, bastard.” 
Drew gave Justin the side-eye. “What if, and I’m speaking 
hypothetically here, Christopher marries my sister? Are you going to to the wedding?” 
Justin’s heart dropped. 
The thought of Bella walking down the aisle toward Christopher was 
too much for Justin to bear. 
“Shit. Never mind. Bella is out of Christopher’s and your reach. You 
don’t deserve her.” Drew criticized Justin, realizing he had asked a dumb question. 
“I just want Bella to be happy. I will do anything to make her happy.” 
Justin felt a lump in his throat, his voice cracking. 
“Can you help me ruin any chance of Bella being with that guy? I can’t 
stand them together.” Gritting his teeth, Drew came straight and 
asked.
Justin looked at Drew in shock. 
“Don’t take it the wrong way. I’m not giving you my blessing to be with 
Bella. I’m only doing this for her. She’s knee-deep in the situation to think straight, but I got a good idea about what’s going on. That 
glasses guy is a playboy. I don’t trust Bella with someone who has an ulterior motive. She might be manipulated.” Drew was worried sick 
about Bella. 
Justin thought to himself, ‘I don’t want her to become a pawn too.’ 
“We’ll work together to sabotage their relationship.” Drew cracked his 
knuckles. 
“What if she wants to be with Christopher?” Justin asked, his heart. 
shattering. 
“I know she won’t for now. I’ve seen the way she behaves when she falls in love. No one knows her better than the family.” 
Drew glanced at Justin and scoffed. 
Justin gulped hard, and his cheeks burned with shame and guilt. 
He understood the extent of Bella’s devotion when love struck her. 
Once, her burning passion and heart were his.
He was loved unreservedly before, but he was so blind to it and blew 
his chances, passing up on her love. 
“We should nip the relationship in the bud before Bella develops. feelings for Christopher.” 
Drew narrowed his eyes and ground his teeth. “If we don’t do anything 
to stop them, Christopher’s persistence might win Bella over. It will be 
too late then. Just think about it, but I believe you don’t have a reason to refuse. Since you can’t have her, you won’t want anyone else to get 
her either. 
Drew walked away. 
“Are you helping me because we were from the same school?” With 
his back facing Drew, Justin asked. 
Drew paused and raised a brow. “Oh, what took you so long to figure 
that out? Sure, we were from the same school, but I don’t see why you. 
see it as a reason I’d help you.” 
Justin had no words. 
During the journey home, Wyatt gave up his seat so that Bella and 
Christopher could sit together.
Anyone could tell that Wyatt was giving them time alone. 
Wyatt’s wives did not take separate cars home. Instead, they huddled 
together and chatted on the way back. 
“What’s Wyatt trying to do? Is he setting Bella up with Christopher, do you think?” 
Sasha dove straight into the topic right after the car started. “Well, isn’t the boy lucky? He must be smiling in his sleep to marry into the family.” 
“The Iversons are as prestigious as the Salvadors. I doubt Christopher would want to take our family name.” Mila seemed helpless. 
“Bella’s heart has always belonged to Justin. Has she gotten over him? Is she ready to start a new relationship?” Celeste asked the hard 
questions. 
“Well, the best way to move on is to find a new man. Bella will never 
forget Justin unless she starts dating other men.”
###chapter905
Sasha contemplated for a while before uttering in shock, “I find 
Wyatt’s attitude strange, though. Didn’t he tell us before that he 
wasn’t optimistic about the Iverson boys? What changed his mind. 
about Christopher?” 
Mila frowned. 
It appeared to the ladies that Christopher could be rather 
manipulative. 
Meanwhile, Bella kept her eyes outside the car window. She was not 
in the mood for small talk with Christopher. 
Christopher sat quietly next to her, his eyes never once shifting away 
from her. 
He was happy and content just watching over her. 
“Chris, thank you for keeping me company while I was in the h 
Without looking at Christopher, Bella said in a soft tone, “You mu 
tired. You should get home and have a good rest. I could use so
time alone.” 
“Are you avoiding me, Bella?” Christopher furrowed his brows, hist heart sinking. 
“I don’t know what you said to my dad, Chris, but if you still want us to stay friends, I hope this stops now.” 
Bella stared at him coldly. “Justin and I are over. Nothing is going to happen between us either.” 
“You got the wrong idea, Bella. I said nothing to your father. I-” 
aves 
Bella closed her and shook her head. “You fell for the person I 
was in the past. It has been 15 years. I’m no longer the light in your darkness. There is nothing I can do for you. Our good time as kids 
brought us together again, Chris. I cherish our friendship, so I hope 
you won’t ruin it. If you refuse to take my advice, the only thing I cant do is stop meeting you.” 
Bella tried to break it to Christopher as gently as she could. 
Still, the words cut through Christopher like a knife. 
He heaved heavily as the color washed off his face. Christopher clenched his fists. ‘I love you so much, Bella. But you hurt me so badly. How can you be so cruel?’ 
Amid the tension, Bella’s phone vibrated.
She looked at the mobile screen. Taken aback that Linny was the 
caller, Bella took the call. 
“What’s the matter?” Bella spoke in hushed tones since she was not 
alone. 
“Ms. Thompson, are you free tonight? I need to see you.” 
Linny murmured in distress,” I have something important to tell you, but I’m at the Salvadors’ residence. I can’t talk since there are too 
many eyes around.” 
Anxious, Bella glanced at her watch. “I’ll go to you tonight. We’ll talk later.” 
Christopher quietly paid close attention to Bella. 
He could barely catch what Bella said as the latter kept her voice 
down. 
“No, no. I’ll go to you instead. Don’t come to me.” 
Linny panicked, her voice shaking. “Ill go to you. Just give me a place, and I’ll meet you there.” 
“Okay. I’ll text you in a bit.”
Aware of Linny’s precarious predicament, Bella kept the conversation short and quickly hung up. 
Christopher asked with concern, “Is everything okay, Bella? Do you need my help?” 
“No,” Bella snapped back. 
Christopher was surprised. His eyes dimmed with frustration. 
Despite his efforts, he could never get close to her. 
Bella always built walls around herself, and she never let him into her 
heart. 
She took a deep breath and put her hand over her forehead. “I’m sorry, Chris. I don’t need the ride to Hatchbay, as I’ll be taking care of things. back at the hotel. The chauffeur will drop you back first.”
###chapter906
After the call with Bella, Linny paced around the backyard restlessly. 
She was understandingly anxious, as it was a lot to take in. 
Linny made her way back into the villa, looking troubled. 
Her heart skipped a beat as the long absent Justin entered the 
residence. 
“Mr. Salvador! Mr. Salvador!” 
Drenched in sweat, Linny approached Justin with a pale face and came in his way. 
In the many years she worked in the household, Linny had never started a conversation with Justin. Somehow, she found the courage 
to reach out to Justin. 
Justin furrowed his brows. “Can I help you?” 
“I-I… Um…” Alas, Linny stumbled for words when it came down to it. 
“Take your time.” Justin looked at her indifferently. 
Justin never had such patience before, but Bella had changed 
the better. 
Biting her lip, Linny struggled internally.
She was hesitant to disclose to Justin that Shannon was behind his 
mother’s death. 
Would he even believe her? 
Wite no one was noticing, Linny took a step forward and whispered,” Mir, Salvador, I’m meeting with Ms. Thompson in secret tonight. Can you come along?” 
Justin jolted forward in shock. “What did you say? Are you meeting-” 
“What are you doing, Linny?” 
A shrill voice echoed from above 
Linny looked up at Bethany’s menacing face and shuddered. 
Justin could tell something was bothering Linny. Since she was 
reluctant to talk about it, the matter likely had something to do with Bethany 
“Get up here now. Some clothes just arrived. Hurry up and put them away now,” Bethany urged impetendy 
“Sure thing. Ms. Bethany.” 
Linny pursed her lips and looked at Justin in distress. 
Justin drew closer to her and murmured back, “lan will get in touch with you in a bit. Tell me where you will meet Bella tonight, then.” 
Linny rushed to Bethany’s room, and sure enough, a pile of clothes was waiting for her to sort out
Bethany crossed her legs on the sofa and enjoyed sips of wine while staring at Linny getting on with work 
“What did you talk to Justin about?” 
Linny pulled herself together and replied, “I ran into Mr. Justin and said hello. He told me to fetch a bottle of red wine from the cellar and bring it to his study.’ 
“Hmph! Justin has enough servants attending to him. He has lan, too. Why does he need your help?” 
Bethany mocked maliciously, “Don’t get any ideas. He is not your ticket out of this life. Know your place.” 
Despite the harsh words, Linny was relieved. 
“You should know by now that Justin and I don’t get along. I’ll make 
you pay if I ever find you talking to him behind my back again.” 
“Got it,” Linny responded. 
Bethany sank her back against the sofa. “I’m going out tonight. I 
might not be coming home.” 
Linny was overjoyed. 
She had been racking her head for an excuse to meet with Bella 
tonight, but an opportunity just fell on her lap.
“You are dismissed from duty tonight. Get some rest. I’m giving you break.” Bethany waved her arm, acting rather generously. 
“Thank you. Thank you, Ms. Bethany.” 
Linny put away all the clothes and retreated from Bethany’s bedroom. 
The moment the door was closed, Bethany let her true feelings show and took out her phone to call Shannon. 
“Mom, I gave the bitch the night off to see what she is up to. I caught her talking to Justin. For all I know, Linny could be Justin’s mole.” 
“See what she is up to?” Shannon sounded hostile. 
“Yeah. Linny is just a maid. I doubt she would do anything like that unless ordered. I intend to catch the real mastermind.” Bethany smiled grimacingly, feeling smug about her plan.” 
“Idiot! How are you my daughter?!” 
Shannon tore into Bethany. “You’re giving her a chance to escape. I told you to keep an eye on her. Why did you give her access to meet with other people? The mastermind is either Justin or Bella. What if she meets with Bella tonight? We are done for if Linny gets the word 
out.” 
Stunned, Bethany slapped her forehead. She was frustrated with 
herself for only focusing on one thing. 
“I’m sure Linny will do something tonight.”
Shannon breathed out, her voice chilling. “She is free to leave 
Tideview Manor, but once she is out, she can forget ever coming 
back.”
###chapter907
Justin went to his study and waited for lan. 
The maid’s words played back in Justin’s mind as he stood in front of the window, smoking away with unreadable eyes. Even so, his heart pounded out of his chest. 
Justin suspected that the maid had been in contact with Bella. 
Why, though? 
He wondered what Bella was thinking. He could never stop worrying about the woman. 
Following a knock on the door, Justin snapped out of his thoughts and took a long drag. His callous fingers flicked away the ash. 
The door opened, and lan stepped into the room. He shut the door and approached Justin from behind, presenting him with a note. 
“Mr. Salvador, Linny gave me an address. She will meet Ms. 
Thompson there tonight.” 
Overcome with emotions, Justin could barely get a good grip on his 
cigarette. 
He took the note and glanced over it memorizing the address by 
heart. 
“Did Linny say anything else to you?”
lan shook his head. “Mr. Salvador, I think she works for Ms. 
Thompson.” 
“She is, without a question,” Justin said hoarsely, and he clutched the 
note. 
Bella was a wild card. She was always step ahead of him, 
Опе 
keeping him on his toes. 
“Um… What is Ms. Thompson trying to do?” 
lan’s eyes suddenly lit up. “Oh, my. Maybe Ms. Thompson can’t forget 
you. She has eyes in the Salvadors’ residence to keep an eye on your every move. She must still care about you, Mr. Salvador. That’s good 
news!” 
Justin looked at him glumly while releasing a puff in resignation. 
He was not vain enough to think that Bella still had feelings for him. 
Bella was too busy and ambitious to waste time on idle pursuits. 
There was only one possibility.
Bella had some concerns with the Salvadors that needed addressing. 
For all he knew, Bella could be trying to get back at Shannon after 
what she did to Celeste. 
In that case, Bella would carry out the revenge covertly. Yet Linny 
sought him out in private and disclosed her meeting with Bella to him. 
Justin wondered if there was an invitation to help Bella out. 
As tears welled up in his eyes, Justin felt alive again. All he ever 
wanted was to protect her. 
I 
“Should I go with you tonight, Mr. Salvador?” lan asked worriedly. 
Justin exhaled and shook his head. “No. Linny only asked me. They must not want anyone else to know about the secret.” 
Still, lan could not shake off the concern. “But Mr. Salvador, does the young madam know that you’re going too? If Linny made the decision herself, the young madam could get angry to see you there.” 
“I’ll follow her discreetly and watch her from afar.” 
Justin’s stern gaze was softened with love at the thought of Bella. She always gets herself in trouble. I cannot stop worrying about her.” 
At 9:00 p.m., Bethany dolled up and went out.
Not long after she was gone, Linny, dressed in a black tracksuit and 
cap, exited Tideview Manor from the back door. 
When she took off in a cab, a black sedan drove out of the darkness. 
“Should we follow her, Ms. Bethany?” 
The driver was Shannon’s trusted aide, Winston. He had gone out of his way to help Shannon and Bethany over the years, and tonight, he 
was at Bethany’s disposal. 
“Nah. We can’t let the double-crossing traitor make it back alive 
tonight. We don’t want to be captured near her by following too 
closely behind.” Bethany had learned a lot from Shannon. 
“Alright. I’ll wait for Mrs. Salvador’s instructions for the right time to make a move,” Winston said emotionlessly, like a robot. 
“When do you plan to strike?”
###chapter908
Bethany raised her brows and asked nonchalantly, “Does my mother want Linny to go away or disappear forever?” 
“Mr. Salvador wants the problem taken care of once and for all.” 
Winston’s face was blank. 
“Ha. That’s vicious of her.” 
“If Mrs. Salvador wasn’t vicious, you wouldn’t enjoy the privilege you have right now.” 
“Hmph! Even if Mom didn’t do anything, my life wouldn’t change.” 
Winston looked contemptuously at Bethany through the rear-view mirror. “Are you sure, Ms. Bethany?” 
Bethany pursed her lips bitterly. 
Shannon resorted to scheming out of desperation, viewing it as the 
sole means of unlocking a life beyond that of a mistress. 
However, Bethany was a different story. Either way, she was 
Gregory’s daughter, the heiress of the Salvadors. 
Shannon often called Bethany an idiot, and Bethany had had enough. 
This time, she would do something to prove Shannon wrong. 
Bethany wanted to one-up Shannon.
“I have an idea to take down all the troublemakers all at once, 
Winston.” Bethany leaned closer to the man, her voice reflecting her 
malice. 
Winston stared back at her. “What do you have in mind?” 
“Why don’t we let the bitch meet with that person? We can get back at 
them in one go.” 
Bethany grinned wickedly. “I’m 100% certain that she is a mole 
working for Bella. Justin has too big of an ego to sneak around. 
Besides, if she works for Justin, she won’t risk slipping out of the 
house at night.” 
Winston nodded. “So you’re telling me to finish off Bella?” 
Finish off Bella? 
Bethany’s heart raced nervously, apprehensively, and excitedly. 
She always dreamed of feeding Bella to the hounds. 
However, Bella was the daughter of the wealthiest man in Hatchbay. 
If Bethany were to kill Bella, Wyatt would leave no stone unturned to
find the killer and get even. Bethany would be inviting herself into 
trouble. 
Still, it was now or never. Bella would leave her security detail behi 
to meet with Linny in secret. It was the perfect opportunity to strike 
“Do you have the balls to pull it off?” Bethany probed, her gaze 
menacing. 
“I’m game. It’s not my first day on the job.” Winston was a former 
hitman. 
Bella was no threat to him. 
With her eyes glistening chillingly, Bethany chuckled. “In that case, we 
should celebrate Bella’s death tonight.” 
Bella and Steven waited in an empty park on the west side of the city. 
Given her present reputation and popularity, Bella would stand out in 
the crowd, and it would put Linny, her informant, at risk.
Steven kept glancing at the time. The wait was getting to him. “Why isn’t she here yet? I hope everything is okay.” 
Bella frowned worriedly. 
“Ms. Bella, do you think Linny is meeting with you so suddenly because she has gotten a hot lead on Shannon?” 
“We’ll find out once Linny is here.” 
Soon, a flurry of footsteps drew close. 
“Ms. Thompson! Ms. Thompson, run!” 
Linny, pale in the face, scrambled over in sweat. “I’ve been followed. 
They tracked me here. Run, Ms. Thompson!” 
Bella held Linny, who had gone limp with fear. Her eyes were 
determined, and she said firmly, “Don’t be scared. I won’t let anyone. hurt you.”
###chapter909
Heavy footsteps approached them. 
Alarmed, Steven stood in defense of Bella and Linny, his fists 
clenching and his muscles bulging under his suit. 
Linny was scared stiff, but Bella kept her composure. As her eyes fixated on the three men, Bella held Linny tighter in her arms. 
The leader of the group was Winston. 
Bella had been around the block before. She could tell from a quick 
once-over that the man was no pushover. 
“Who are you?” Steven hissed through clenched teeth. 
Tilting his head, Winston looked past Steven to stare at Bella. His 
voice was flat. “You must be Ms. Thompson.” 
“I am Bella Thompson.” Bella was the one and only. 
“Oh, you’re as pretty as they say.” 
Winston grinned sinisterly. “Shame that it won’t be for long.” 
Bella gritted her teeth as rage consumed her. 
The man sure was cocky.
“Do you work for Shannon? Did she send you to kill me?” Bella 
showed no fear. 
“Ms. Thompson, you could’ve enjoyed your little life of privilege, but you had to mess with the wrong people and poke your nose where 
Chap 009 
you shouldn’t. You’re an adult, and it’s only fair that you pay the consequences of your actions.” 
“Haha. Fair, my ass.” 
Bella laughed fearlessly, her voice loud and clear. “I dare you to lay a finger on me. Even better, you can kill me. If you don’t, I’ll make sure you and the people hiding behind your back will pay.” 
Winston grinned. 
Many had voiced similar threats to Winstons in the past, but they 
were all dead now. 
“I’ll handle things from here, Ms. Bella. Take Linny and run,” Steven 
urged, his knuckles white. 
“Go, Linny.” 
Bella gave Linny a nudge before turning to Steven with determination. 
“I’ll stay to help. You’re no match for them on your own.”
“Ms. Bella.” Steven looked deep into Bella’s eyes, swept away by a 
moment of zeal. 
He and Bella were important companions to each other. 
Steven would have a wife and children in the future, but Bella would 
remain special and irreplaceable in his heart. 
She was once his first love. 
Now, he had undying devotion for her. 
Linny did not want to just run and hide, but she knew that she was of 
no help and would only become a burden to them. 
| Chapter 9:09: 
With tears in her eyes, Linny gave Bella a nod and turned around to flee, but two men came up from the back and blocked her path. 
Bella, Steven, and Linny were surrounded as the air thickened with 
ominous tension. 
The odds were not in their favor this time. 
“Get it done and over with.”
Winston cracked his neck muscles his eyes fixing on Bella’s face.” 
Leave Ms. Thompson to me. Call it my respect for her.” 
A black Lamborghini drifted and pulled up by the side of the empty. 
road. 
Justin got out of the car and looked at the pitch-black park with worry. 
He took strides into the area as the harsh wind grazed against his 
skin. The overly serene air gave him a bad feeling. 
Perhaps it was because he held Bella dear to his heart, or maybe they 
had been through many brushes with death together before. 
Whatever the reason, he could always sense when Bella was in 
trouble.
###chapter910
Justin felt his phone vibrating in his palm. The call was from a foreign number. 
It struck Justin that he had given Linny his private number for 
emergencies when he sent lan to communicate with her. 
He would not get calls from unidentified numbers. 
So, it could only be Linny calling. 
As the bad feeling sank in, Justin took the call. “Hello?” 
www 
“Mr. Salvador, please save Ms. Thompson! Save Ms. Thompson! We- 
Ah!!” 
The call abruptly ended following a shriek. 
Justin’s breath hitched as he stared at the darkened screen, his heart 
pounding out of his chest. 
‘Bella… Bella!’ 
Sweat drenched his forehead as he sprinted ahead and called lan. 
“Bella is in trouble. Send backup now.”
A fierce scuffle broke out in the darkness. 
Steven fought bravely against the group, delivering blows and kicks. 
The air rippled with the terrifying clash. 
Despite his agility, he could not take on four armed men. It did not take long before he succumbed to the group’s attacks. 
Steven sustained deep cuts on his left arm and right leg. His tidy suit was torn and tattered at this point. As if that were not enough, his 
white shirt had blood stains all over, 
Still, Steven hung in there, determined to bring Bella to safety. His 
commitment to protecting her numbed his pain sensation. 
“Tsk. What a bother.” 
Having lost the patience to dwell on the fight with Steven, Winston plunged the knife into Steven’s left shoulder and twisted the blade. 
“Urgh!” 
Steven held onto Winston’s hand, but the agonizing pain made him 
groan. 
He was mangled, and the damage could sever his arm.
“It’s troublesome to take care of a body.” 
Winston drew close to his ear. “Otherwise, I would have stabbed your right in the stomach and messed your guts.” 
The man then spun into a roundhouse kick and threw Steven across 
the park. 
“Steve!” 
Bella yelled angrily and broke one of the offenders’ arms with 
bloodshot eyes. 
Char10 
“Ms. Bella…” Steven collapsed to the ground in blood and stared at 
Bella through his tears. 
He was not afraid of death. 
However, no one would keep her from harm’s way once he was down. 
As the rage overwhelmed Bella, she snatched the knife from the 
offender’s grasp and stabbed him violently in the same place. 
Winston was amused. 
Unlike all the other heiresses, Bella was not only bold and crafty, but
she also fought like a man. 
If Bella had not closed in on Shannon, Winston would not have killed 
such a beautiful and remarkable woman. 
It was a pity, though. 
Bella took down a hitman and ran toward Steven. 
She felt a chilling presence approaching her from behind. 
“Watch out, Ms. Bella!” Steven shouted with everything he fear overtook his every being. 
A dagger was raised high behind Bella. 
The blade, like the Grim Reaper’s sickle, was moments away from 
taking her life.
###chapter911
“Ms. Thompson!” 
Scared stiff, Linny closed her eyes in fear. 
Fear and dread washed over Bella. 
Her senses went numb as her life flashed before her eyes. 
Every glimpse into her past involved Justin. 
She remembered their heart-throbbing first encounter 13 years ago, their combat on the Kridor battlefield, their marriage, their divorce, and their companionship during the most devastating moments. 
Bella gasped for air, and tears rolled down her cheeks. 
It was said that true feelings would emerge in the face of death. 
Bella’s mind was filled with Justin, leaving her to wonder whether the feelings came from love or hate. 
“Smack!” 
The biting wind brushed past her ear rattling her eardrums. 
However, death did not befall. 
Before Winston knew it, he felt a sharp pain in his wrist and kicked 
weapon into the water. 
Bella looked back.
Her heart pounded, and tears welled up in her eyes as Justin emerged, a hero in a nick of time. 
There he was. 
He had arrived. 
Justin, his breath ragged, took a lingering look at Bella. 
A laceration along his beloved woman’s arm enraged Justin as he 
dug his nails into his palms. 
Winston, despite his long killing history, shuddered at the cold, 
bloodshot glare of the man before him. 
That was not the worst part. 
Winston did not expect Justin to be there. 
Justin narrowed his eyes dangerously at Winston, his towering build 
shielding Bella in a protective stance. “I believe I’ve seen you before.. 
Do you work for Shannon?” 
Bella clutched her chest while Steven, who was on the ground, 
grimaced menacingly. 
She could understand why Shannon went after her, but she c
wrap her head around Shannon’s vile scheming. They had peace on the surface so far. Yet Shannon was eager to kill her 
the blue. 
Shannon’s hasty plan could expose herself. 
Maybe the real target was Linny, and Bella was an afterthought. 
not 
However, it did not explain why Shannon was after Linny. It was likely Linny discovered something she should not have. 
The remaining three hitmen panicked at Justin’s presence. 
However, they were beyond the point of return. The only way forward 
was to get them all. 
“Who is Shannon? I don’t know her.” 
Winston held his aching wrist and smiled at Justin. “It doesn’t matter, 
though. It’s not important. All that matters is that you won’t live to tell 
the tale.” 
Winston had no qualms about attacking Bella. 
Justin was no issue either, since he was only an illegitimate child to
the Salvador family. 
“I was going to restrain you without a fight, but since you hurt my woman, I’ll have to take your life.” Justin clenched his fists and charged toward Winston. 
His woman? 
Bella blushed, and her breath hitched.
###chapter912
Bella had no time to digest Justin calling her his woman, as he was already in a violent scuffle with Winston. 
The remaining three hired guns ganged up on Justin, aiming their knives at his vital organs. 
It was a fight to the death tonight. 
“Watch your back, Justin!” Drenched in cold sweat, Bella yelled in a 
hoarse voice at the encircled man. 
She knew that Justin had trouble dealing with Winston when his 
health was not at its peak. Winston’s reinforcements put Justin in a 
compromising position. 
Besides, Winston was aggressive about going for the kill. 
Bella’s cries filled Justin with energy. Without looking back, Justin 
grabbed the goon’s arm and cracked his wrist. The man’s screams 
cechoed through the night. 
As her heart thumped out of her chest, Bella was brought ba 
ir time when Justin was a fearless soldier on the battlefield. 
The next minute, she watched Justin plunge a knife into the hitm
belly without hesitation. 
AsAs a doctor, Bella could tell that Justin’s stabbing was not fatal. 
DeDespite the years of living in privilege, Justin was still the valiant 
sosoldier he once was. He had no trouble putting the minions in their 
places. 
“Did you cut my woman?” 
Justin clutched the bloodied dagger. His eyes spoke of bloodthirst. 
Winston gnashed his teeth and scoffed. 
“I’d break your leg for touching her, but since you drew blood out of 
her, I should take your life in return.” The cut on Bella’s arm broke 
Justin’s heart. 
He could not even look at Bella. 
The last thing he wanted to do was annoy her. The frown on her face 
would kill him. 
Bella pursed her pale lips at the man’s questionable love confession, 
heher breathing heavy and her mind racing.
WWinston chuckled wickedly. 
BeSeeing no end to the fight, Winston let his emotions get the better of 
hihim and pulled the gun. 
Thine barrel was aimed right at Bella’s shocked face. 
He did not pull the gun on Bella before, so as not to attract any 
atapremion. The plan was to finish her off without anyone knowing. 
Jutusin’s presence foiled everything. In that case, Winston chose th 
sinipiplest and fastest way to finish things. 
“NoloйMs Bella!” 
Frigigerented, Steven tried to jump in front of Bella. However, the injuries 
he sustained paralyzed him. 
Justin pounced to grab the gun from Winston. 
Alas, it was too late. 
“Say goodbye to your woman, Mr. Salvador.” 
Bang! 
A gunshot rang out.
“No! No!” A gut-wrenching tremor ran through Justin’s voice as he 
shouted. 
Tears pooled in her eyes when Bella heard the bullet rip through the 
air toward her. 
Bella was sensitive to gunshots due to her service as a field medic.. 
For a long time after she returned to the country, she had trauma 
from these noises and had to see many psychiatrists to overcome 
her mental block. 
She closed her eyes in fear. 
A weak and agonized groan lingered in her ear. 
Bella opened her eyes in shock, and her jaw dropped as she 
exclaimed, “Linny!”
###chapter913
Linny’s fragile body stood in protection of Bella, her arms falling limp. by her sides. She sank to her feet as if her soul had left her.. 
Justin and Steven were shocked. 
Bella held Linny in her arms and felt a hot, wet sensation in her palm. 
She lifted her trembling arm as tears gushed out of her eyes. 
“Linny! You…” 
“Listen to me, Ms. Bella…” Though everything became hazy to Linny, 
she opened her mouth with difficulty, her face pale. 
“Don’t talk. Don’t waste your energy. I’ll take you to the hospital now!” 
Tearful, Bella tried to hold Linny’s body, but the earlier struggle 
drained her. She could barely control her limbs. “I-I’ll stop the 
bleeding!” 
Linny shook her head. “It’s too late… I know… Shannon’s secret… Shannon… Killed… Mrs. Salvador… Proof… Phone…” 
Bella’s heart sank to the pit of her stomach as agony overtook ev 
inch of her being.
Her tearful eyes turned to Justin, who took the gun from Winston. The 
police sirens echoed from afar. 
Left with no choice, Winston jumped into the lake. 
Justin fired two shots into the water before the bullets ran out. 
Winston submerged underwater and disappeared without a trace. 
“Linny! We’re saved, Linny!” 
Bella took off her jacket and applied pressure to Linny’s abdominal bleeding, her tears still streaming down continuously. 
Her heart was set on saving Linny’s life. 
Nevertheless, as a doctor, Bella recognized that Linny was on borrowed time. 
“Mr. Salvador! Young Madam!” 
lan arrived with Salvador Corporation’s security officers in tow. Asher, Drew, and Ralph were right behind them. 
“Bella! Bella!” 
Unable to hear anything, Bella stared vacantly as the color gradually. 
drained from Linny’s face. She closed her eyes. 
Asher held the cross in his hands in sadness. 
lan drew close to help Justin up. In the meantime, he stopped to help
Steven to his feet. 
“You’re badly injured. The ambulance is on the way. You need medical attention now.” Although lan did not see eye-to-eye with 
Steven, he knew that Steven was a good guy. 
Besides, Bella would have suffered a harrowing fate if Steven was not 
there to protect her. 
Justin stared intently as Bella held Linny tightly. Her tears crushed 
him. 
No matter how hard she fought back the pain, tears still stained her 
lashes. 
Justin plucked up the courage to approach her. 
Drew emerged behind Bella and clamped her arms to pick her up. 
“I’m taking you to the hospital, Bella. The girl is severely injured. She 
needs immediate medical attention. 
The medical personnel rushed over and carried Linny away on a 
stretcher.
Bella collapsed in Drew’s arms. “Drew, will Linny wake up? Will she be okay?” Bella asked, her eyes fixating on Linny being carried away. 
Furrowing his brows, Drew carried her. “It’ll be okay. Everything will be 
okay.” 
He turned around and saw Justin. 
As the men locked eyes, Drew nodded at him solemnly. 
Justin pressed his lips together and watched them leave. 
Though nothing was said, Justin knew that Drew was expressing h 
gratitude to him.
###chapter914
The Thompsons took Bella and Steven away while the police 
apprehended the hitmen. 
The scene was horrifically bloody. 
Only Justin stood frozen, his hand holding the gun. The scuffle with the hitmen did not even mess up his hair. Yet, Justin felt more 
drained than when he was fighting on the battlefield, 
“Mr. Salvador.” 
Ralph led two police officers to Justin and glanced at the gun in his hand, his eyes unreadable. “Please come with us for further investigation, Mr. Salvador.” 
“Hey! What’s the meaning of this?” 
lan came to his employer’s defense, his face flushed. “Mr. Salvador 
grabbed the gun from the killer. I hope you’re not assuming that Mr. 
Salvador pulled the trigger. If Mr. Salvador hadn’t stepped in, Ms. 
Bella could’ve…” 
“Enough, lan.” Justin stopped lan and faced Ralph. “Alright. I’ll go with. 
you.”
“Please don’t take this the wrong way, Mr. Salvador. We’re not listing 
you as a suspect. We have procedures to follow in police work. We 
are hoping you could help us with our investigation.” 
Ralph murmured in an unusually nice tone, “My sister will be 
cooperating in the investigation too. She is rather emotional and 
1914 
requires medical attention now. I’ll collect her statement tomorrow.” 
The thought of Bella sucked the air out of Justin. “Captain Thompson, 
can I check on Bella? I’m worried about her.” 
In other circumstances, Ralph would have rejected him. 
However, Justin saved Bella from the jaws of danger. Ralph could not be so cruel as to turn down Justin’s lowly request. 
The air was thick with tension in the hospital. 
Steven was in surgery to get stitches for his cuts. 
The gash on his left shoulder was deep, and a slight mistake on the 
operating table could cost him his arm.
Bella wanted to perform surgery on Steven, but Asher and Drew 
stopped her. 
Not in the best state of mind and health, Bella likely would not last 
the whole surgery. 
“Don’t worry, Bella. I sought out the best surgeons in the city. 
Whatever it takes, they will do their best to save Steve’s left arm.” 
Asher hugged Bella’s trembling body and consoled her. 
“It’s all my fault. I am the reason why Steve is in surgery now.” Guilt 
overwhelmed Bella. Her eyes welled up. 
“Don’t say that, Bella. No one expected this to happen.” It distressed 
Drew to see Bella upset. 
A flurry of footsteps ensued. 
mcpter 914 
“Bella!” 
Axel and Declan, who had been missing in action for a while, heard
the news and made their way over from the other end of the corridor. 
Apart from Ralph, who was on the way, all the Thompson brothers 
were present. 
There was no doubt that these brothers wanted to be there for their 
sister when it mattered. 
“Declan!” Drew’s eyes lit up at the sight of Declan. 
It was no secret in the Thompson family that Drew and Declan were 
the closest growing up. 
Their affinity might have something to do with sharing their mother’s 
last name. 
Axel pouted at the contrasting treatment between the brothers. 
Declan nodded at Drew before rushing to Bella’s side. 
“Bella? I’m here, Bella.” 
Bella lifted her pale face and narrowed her swollen eyes at Declan, her lips quivering. “You’re back, Declan. I screwed up… I screwed up big time…” 
Declan swallowed hard, his heart grieving. He held his sister’s cold hands. “It’s okay, Bella. Don’t be scared. It’s okay that you screwed up. My only fear is that you won’t tell me when something is wrong. I 
will always have your back.”
###chapter915
“I screwed up so badly, Declan. There’s no way I can make up for 
what I did.” 
Bella closed her eyes in agony and cried in Asher’s arms. 
They had seen Bella cry before. 
Bella had cried her fair share of tears throughout her childhood. The 
public saw Bella as a valiant soldier and a proud queen. Only her 
brothers knew Bella was just an ordinary girl who was vulnerable and 
in need of love. 
It was different this time. 
Bella suffered a devastating blow, and they believed it could take a 
long time before she could overcome the trauma. 
Asher and Drew got the full story while on their way to the scene. 
Despite being severely injured, Steven was alive and had a chance to 
recover. 
Linny’s vitals were failing when she was transported into the ICU.
Bella nearly dropped to her knees to beg the doctors to save Linny’s 
life. 
The brothers silently prayed for the brave and poor Linny to pull 
through. 
“Asher, I heard that Steve is badly injured. Have the Lovetts been 
contacted?” Axel asked with concern. 
Asher turned glùm. “When Steve was wheeled into the surgery room, he urged me not to tell his parents, as they are old. Mrs. Lovett is not in good health, and the news might be too hard for her to accept.” 
Axel said, “But it would take several months for Steve to get better. 
We can keep the incident a secret now, but not for long.” 
“In that case, we should wait until after the surgery when Steve’s 
vitals are stable to tell the Lovetts. They would find it easier to accept 
the truth then.” 
“All of you are here.” Ralph rushed over. 
The Thompson brothers were together at last. These heirs were
successful in their own right, and Bella could not be prouder of them. 
Yet the presence of her brothers could not comfort Bella. 
She still felt unsettled. 
A fragile girl took a bullet for her, and she watched helplessly as Linny collapsed. Anyone with a tinge of conscience would be lost in 
overwhelming guilt. 
“Ralph, didn’t you go to the station to take statements? Why are-” 
Drew paused in shock. 
Somehow, Justin stood tall, keeping several steps away to give the 
family some space. 
lan quietly stood behind Justin and looked at the Thompson brothers, feeling nervous for Justin. 
Even if Justin and Bella got back together, life for Justin after marriage would be less than peaceful. 
The Thompson brothers stared at Justin with complicated looks on their faces. 
Bella rubbed her swollen eyes and took heavy footsteps toward the man. 
Justin watched her approach, his heart pounding. 
“Are you alright? Are your wounds taken care of?” Justin asked in a raspy voice. 
Instead of answering his questions, Bella met his worried eyes. “Linny is still in surgery.”
“It’ll be alright. I’ll wait with you. We can wait together,” Justin consoled her. 
His fingers balled up as he stopped himself from pulling her into his arms.
###chapter916
“Why were you there tonight?” Bella asked softly, teardrops hanging 
off her lashes. 
“It was Linny. She ran into me at Tideview Manor this afternoon and 
told me that she would be meeting you there.” 
Justin gave her the full account. “I was worried, so I went to make 
sure everything was okay.” 
Thankfully, he trusted his gut. 
The shocking secret Linny whispered in Bella’s ear before passing out 
came to mind, and Bella shook nervously. 
She wondered if she should let Justin know. 
Bella clutched the pocket of her top, where Linny’s busted phone was. 
Furrowing his brows, Justin took off his jacket and draped it over her 
shoulder before holding her. 
Bella did not put up a fight. Her eyes were vacant. 
Her focus was entirely on Linny and Steven. She had no energy to
care about anything else. 
“Was the man caught?” Bella asked. 
“The manhunt is happening as we speak. My men and the police have blocked all the major train routes, airports, and highways in Savrow. He can run, but he can’t hide.” 
Justin breathed laboriously as anger filled his eyes. “The illegal use of firearms, intentional harm, and premeditated murder should get him. the death penalty.” 
Bella’s eyes turned bloodshot when the image of Linny being shot. played in her mind. 
She gasped sharply, covered her ears, and closed her eyes. 
Recognizing the signs of Bella’s stress response, Justin felt for her and reached out to embrace her gently. 
“Don’t be scared. It’s okay…” He stroked her back, his jawline tense. 
Justin was just an ordinary man in front of the love of his life. He, too, 
had moments of agony and tears. 
The Thompson brothers were consumed by a mix of emotions. 
Frowning, Declan wanted to approach the couple, but Asher and Drew 
yanked him back. 
“I know you don’t like Justin, Declan. I’m not fond of him either.”
Drew sighed. “But thank God he was there tonight. Otherwise, we 
might never see Bella again.” 
Declan’s eyes widened in shock. 
“They had been married for three years. Even if Justin wants to get 
with Bella now, it’s not like they hadn’t been together before.” Drew 
slipped his hands into his pockets and smacked his lips. 
Ralph, Asher, and Declan had no words. 
Asher could not believe that Drew would stand up for Justin. 
Back then, the news of Bella’s secret wedding to Justin infuriated 
Drew the most. He even threatened to fly a plane into Salvador 
Corporation and blow it up. 
Drew’s temper did not cloud his judgment this time. 
The door to the ICU opened. 
Bella sprinted toward the doctor.
Justin stuck close to her, his fervent gaze never leaving her. 
“How is she, Doctor? How is she now?” Bella’s strained, red-rimmed 
eyes glistened with hope. 
The doctor’s scrubs and gloves were covered in Linny’s blood.
###chapter917
The Thompson brothers and Justin drew close and stared at the doctor in anticipation. 
“The bullet penetrated the patient’s organ, and she lost a lot of blood. Her vitals weren’t promising before we got on the operating table.” 
The doctor sighed helplessly and shook his head. “I’m sorry, Ms. Thompson. We did everything we could…” 
As a doctor, Bella knew what those cruel words meant. 
The Thompsons hung their heads low. Declan removed his military 
cap to mourn for Linny in silence. 
It was an answer they had expected when they set foot into the 
hospital, but the confirmation from the doctor solidified the harsh 
reality. 
The only one who could not accept reality was Bella. 
“No… It’s impossible. Linny is strong. That can’t possibly happen!” 
Bella shook the doctor’s arms violently and spoke gruffly. The 
distress took hold of her. 
“Easy there, Bella. Calm down.”
Justin hugged her tight from the back, wishing he could take the pain away. “I don’t think Linny suffered much when she left. We can’t bring 
her back from the dead, but we can seek justice for her.” 
Linny was not Bella’s family. Heck, she was not even a friend to Bella. 
Chapy 917 
The woman, in a selfless act, gave her life to save Bella. The guilt gnawed at Bella’s conscience. 
From Bella’s perspective, it felt no different than if she herself had 
pulled the trigger. 
“It’s all my fault. It’s my fault. I killed her…” 
Bella’s gushing tears rolled off her gaunt jaw as she kept poking herself in the chest. She ached for a blade that was sharp enough to 
tear her open and expose the raw wound within. 
Justin ached with her, the lump in his throat a silent scream of grief. 
When Bella opened her eyes again, she was in bed and on an IV drip. 
Ralph, Asher, and Declan dealt with the aftermath, while Axel and 
Drew stayed with Bella. 
“Drew…” Bella cried.
“I’m here, Bella.” Sitting next to the bed, Drew held her hand tight. 
“Linny told me before her passing that she had important evidence on 
her phone, but the phone was shattered from a fall. I can’t turn it on. Can you do something to get the phone data?” 
“No problem. Leave it to me.” 
Drew patted his chest and tried to give his sister a confident smile, 
but the dread was too much to bear. “Even if the phone is beyond repair, I can restore the data so long as the microchip is intact.” 
Feeling assured, Bella nodded and shut her eyes. 
“What’s the secret, Bella?” 
Axel was sharp and picked up on the cues. “The people who attacked 
you tonight… Are they after the secret? Did the girl die because of 
that secret?” 
“Yes, but I can’t give you the specifics until I have concrete evidence.” 
Bella clenched her fists, her nails digging into her palms. 
She needed the pain to keep a clear mind. The pain would remind her
of the hate and anger. 
Bella wanted vengeance.
###chapter918
Bella wanted to avenge Steven, Linhy, and all of Shannon’s victims. 
It was the wee hours of the morning, yet Justin stood wide awake at 
the end of the corridor and looked outside the window. 
He called Ryan to meet right away. 
Ryan put Carrie to sleep and assigned Yasmin to guard duty before driving to Justin. 
“Relax, Justin. I’ve talked to my connections in the underworld.” 
Ryan clasped a cigarette between his lips. Upon recalling that he was at a hospital, he put the cigarette away in annoyance. “The bastard won’t show his face since the police are on his tail, but I’ve put him on a wanted list in the underworld. We’ll get him. He has nowhere to run. My people are combing Savrow, checking every nook and cranny three times a day. The bastard is dead meat.” 
“Thanks, Ryan.” 
Justin put his hand on Ryan’s shoulder and asked in a raspy voice,” 
Did you tell Carrie about Linny?” 
“Fuck! I wouldn’t dare. I can’t bring myself to tell her.” 
With his hand over his forehead, Ryan took deep breaths. “I only met the girl once, but I know that she is close with Carrie. She’s a kind woman. If Carrie finds out what happened to her, I fear she might 
suffer a breakdown.” 
1 
“Yeah. We can’t let Carrie know.” 
Justin’s chest tightened. “Bella is losing it. The weight of reality can 
even crush a strong person like her. You can only imagine what it can 
do to Carrie.” 
Ryan’s eyes widened in shock. 
He had learned about the incident on his way to the hospital. Even if 
Justin said nothing to him, Ryan had the resources and connections 
to find out. 
“What do you plan to do now, Justin?” 
“I’m putting Linny’s affairs in order. lan looked into her, and she came 
from a rural area. Her parents have passed away. Only her 
grandmother is still around.” 
“Sigh. As if things can’t be any worse.” Ryan was perturbed.
“I’ll send lan to make sure Linny’s grandmother is well taken care of If she wants to, I can bring her to Sayrow and put her in the best retirement home, so she can enjoy her final years.” Like Bella, Justin 
witnessed Linny’s death. 
While Bella experienced heartache, Linny’s passing weighed heavily 
on Justin. 
“If Linny’s grandmother is happy with the arrangement, the burden will ease a little on Bella’s conscience.” 
Carrie’s company likely softened Ryan’s harsh demeanor because he was more understanding now. “Justin, keep an extra eye on Bella and 
help her get through this. She’s vulnerable. She needs someone by her side, or she’ll lose herself in the negative thoughts.” 
“I know. I understand.” 
Justin looked at Ryan amusedly. “Hey, I realized you’ve changed since you got together with Carrie.” 
“Changed? How so?” 
“You’re more human now.” 
“Fuck! Don’t you have anything nice to say? Human? Was I an animal 
before?” Ryan’s true nature came out. He raised a brow.
“No, not an animal. I’d say more like a dick.” Justin curled his lips. 
“Get lost!”
###chapter919
Shannon and Bethany were alarmed to learn of the fatal shooting 
incident, Bella’s and Steven’s hospitalizations, and the manhunt for 
Winston. 
“M-Mom… What do we do now? Argh!” 
Smack! 
Shannon’s eyes bulged as rage consumed her. She slapped Bethany across her sweaty face, knocking her over the coffee table. Bethany 
could barely stand up from the pain. 
Despite living in privilege, Shannon was all muscle when it came to 
hitting her daughter. 
Bethany’s cheeks swelled up. Cupping her face, Bethany sobbed and stared maliciously at Shannon through her loose strands of hair over 
her face. 
“You can’t do anything right, you idiot! Why did you have to do that sent you to finish off the maid with Winston. Why did you attack 
Bella?”
Though enraged, Shannon kept her voice down and uttered harshly,” Who do you take Bella for? She is Wyatt’s precious daughter, Nigel’s favorite, and the woman of Justin’s dreams. If you want to put 
yourself in jeopardy, by all means, go ahead. Just don’t drag me down 
with you.” 
“I only did it because you’re my mother. Don’t you get it?” 
Bethany wobbled to her feet and wailed, “Even you said it was the 
chance of a lifetime. Bella and Linny were meeting in secret, so her 
security detail wouldn’t be there. As a former contracted killer, 
Winston could’ve crushed her like a bug. The bitch would have 
nothing on you if we succeeded.” 
“Did you kill her, though? Winston is now wanted!” 
With her fury boiling over, Shannon was tempted to strangle her idiot 
daughter. 
Shaking with rage, Shannon grabbed a throw to wrap herself in. 
She needed to get a shot from Simon tomorrow. She could not
control her emotions or sleep without the help of drugs. 
“I lost Harry and now Winston all because of you!” 
“You can’t blame me for Harry. You wanted to mess with Celeste. What does it have to do with me?” Bethany would only own up to her 
own mistake. 
Shannon could only be relieved that Harry, Bethany’s birth father, di 
not sell her out. 
The police were on a nationwide hunt for Winston. Justin had 
reached out to his connections to arrest him. 
Winston could succumb to the pressure and give up her name. 
The sudden ringing of Shannon’s phone startled the mother and 
daughter. 
She grabbed the phone with shaky hands. The call was from a private 
number. 
It took a while before she accepted the call. “Hello?” 
It was silent on the other end.
“Is that you, Winston?” 
“It’s me, Mrs. Salvador.” Winston’s voice was husky. The signal was 
choppy at best. 
“Where are you now?” 
“I’m somewhere safe. I need money for the road, Mrs. Salvador. 
Please get me the money in three days.” 
Shannon turned her back toward Bethany and asked in a low voice. 
How much do you need?” 
“$200 million and a boat. I’m going to Terranova by sea.” 
“$200 million?” 
Shannon gasped sharply, her eyes bulging in rage. “Where am I supposed to find you that kind of money? Besides, your reckless 
move cost the whole operation. You have the nerve to ask for $2 
million!” 
“Mrs. Salvador, you know better than anyone else the extremes I went 
to in order to clean up your messes over the years.”
Winston’s flat tone bore a threat. “I have done a lot to secure your 
position as the chairman’s wife. I think $200 million for my retirement isn’t much. I deserve the payment.” 
“You!”
###chapter920
“Besides, as the wife of Salvador Corporation’s chairman, you’re practically rolling in money. $200 million is a drop in the bucket for 
you. As far as I know, your hefty savings in a Regarton bank are 
hardly legitimate when it’s embezzlement from Salvador 
Corporation’s projects. Even if you didn’t have $1 billion in there, you should have at least secured $500 million.” 
Shannon managed to save up to $1 billion through abuse of her 
position, embezzlement, and bribery. 
If Justin and Bella were to discover her secret stash, they would use it 
against her. 
Shannon would be looking at permanent jail time. 
Gregory could bail her out since they were married. However, 
Shannon no longer trusted that he had her back. 
“You’re not even 50 yet, Mrs. Salvador. You can still live a high life 
many years to come. Your daughters aren’t even married yet. Do 
you want to be at their wedding? Don’t you want to hold a grandchil You won’t last long in the harsh conditions of prison. Just one da
behind bars might drive you crazy.” 
That was a blatant threat. 
Gritting her teeth, Shannon quickly made up her mind. “Fine! I’ll get you $200 million in three days. But you need to disappear without leaving a trace and never come back to Savrow.” 
“Three days will be too late. The cops aren’t the ones on my tail. 
Justin and Ryan sent their men after me. I can’t wait that long. I 
expect to see the money before sundown tomorrow. We have worked together long enough, Mrs. Salvador It’ll be sad if we all go down 
together.” 
In the corridor, Wilma carried Justin’s tailored suit past Shannon’s 
room. 
Outside Shannon’s bedroom door, Wilma heard the clanging and 
banging coming from inside. 
Wilma frowned and murmured under her breath, “Jesus Christ! What 
is she on now? She still has a temper despite marrying rich.” 
Then, her phone vibrated. It was a call from Justin.
Wilma went to a corner and took the call. “Hello, Young Master 
Justin? Are you coming home tonight?” 
“Are Shannon and Bethany at the manor now, Wilma?” Justin was always nice to Wilma. 
“Yes, they are. I stood outside their bedroom and heard them arguin 
I think they trashed everything in the room.” 
Wilma asked with worry, “Did something happen, Young Master 
Justin? You have not been back for days.” 
After much contemplation, Justin decided against telling Wilma 
about Linny’s passing, in case the news was too much to bear. “I 
need a favor, Wilma. Don’t leave Tideview Manor for now. Stay there and keep an eye on Shannon. Tell me right away when she leaves the 
place. Don’t worry about anything else.” 
“Sure, Young Master. Got it.” 
“Remember not to get involved in anything else. Shannon is wicked. 
She’s capable of anything when pushed.” Justin’s voice was hoarse.
Wilma shuddered. “What on earth happened, sir? That reminds me. 
Linny hasn’t been around for days. She didn’t apply for leave with the butler, and I couldn’t reach her on the phone. Did something happen 
to her?” 
“I’ll tell you about Linny when the time is right. Just do as I tell you for 
now.” 
Just when Justin was about to end the call, Shannon walked out of her room. 
It was late at night. Yet Shannon, known for her flamboyance, dressed discreetly in black. 
It was as if she was mourning the loss of her spouse. 
Wilma stealthily ran to the window and saw Shannon getting 
the 
car and driving out of Tideview Manor. 
“Shannon just went out, sir!” 
Wilma reported to Justin. “She’s dressed in full black, like she’s in mourning. I bet she’s up to no good.” 
Meanwhile, acting on the tipoff from Wilma, Justin assigned lan 
follow Shannon.
###chapter921
Right after they ordered the arrest of Winston, Shannon hurriedly left the house. Nobody would believe it was a coincidence. 
Perhaps they could find Linny’s murderer by following Shannon. 
After two days, Justin remained in the hospital, staying in a ward just 
a wall away from Bella. 
He did not disturb Bella during the past 48 hours. Only when Bella was asleep after taking a sedative would he stand outside her ward, watching her beautiful but haggard sleeping face, which still strummed his heartstrings, through the window. 
He raised his hand, tracing the outline of her face on the glass 
window with his fingertips. 
Justin could stay here and keep her company forever without making his presence known. He only feared that Bella would not even accept 
1. 
“Justin.” 
The door to the smoking room opened. Justin’s fingertips trembled. He turned around to see Drew standing by the door. 
Drew walked to him and stood next to him. “Give me a cigarette.”
Justin’s eyelashes fluttered. He pulled out a cigarette and handed it to Drew. Drew held it between his lips and gestured for Justin to light 
1. 
Justin frowned slightly as he obeyed. Nobody in the world could order Justin to put himself in a lower position, except for Drew. 
After all, Drew would be one of his future brothers-in-law. Justin had come to terms with it. He understood that putting on an arrogant 
front before the Thompson family would just make them hate him 
more. 
At this point, if Justin wanted even a glimmer of hope between him and Bella, he had to be willing to do anything. 
Drew took a deep drag on the cigarette and exhaled smoke rings, glancing at Justin teasingly. “Brat, you could really hold yourself well in the face of beauty.” 
As he spoke, Drew narrowed his eyes and licked his lips. 
Justin’s hand trembled. This crazy man did not treat him as an outsider at all, speaking such outlandish words. 
“I’m tied up lately, but I need to take care of my little sister.” 
Amidst the smoke, Drew’s expression turned serious. “I’ll have to 
trouble you to work harder and inform me of any news immediately. I’ll fucking kill that bastard myself!”
Drew cracked his knuckles loudly as his words fell. 
” 
Justin stayed silent for a while and then crushed the cigarette butt. You don’t need to step in. I’ll do it.” 
“No. Not you,” Drew said decisively. 
“We’re both doing it for Bella. Why not me?” Justin asked in 
confusion. 
“Brat, if you really want a future with Bella, you’d better stay put.” 
Drew’s gaze lowered. He spread out his palm and slowly closed it. His eyes were dark. “I’m skilled in that area, but not you. Once there’s blood on your hands, everything will go in an unpredictable direction. Bella wouldn’t want that.” 
“It’s too late for that.” 
Justin took another cigarette and smiled bitterly. “When I was in the army, t killed more than I could remember.” 
“You know that it’s different. Anyway, I hope you don’t get involved in this. The more trouble you stir up, the more trouble Bella will be in. 
Drew snorted. “Don’t think that I care about you. Everything I do is for my sister.” 
“I know, but I still have to thank you.” Justin’s eyes flashed. He cleared his throat and added in a low voice, “Brother.”
Drew immediately turned to look at him in shock.
###chapter922
Drew thought, ‘Holy fuck! Did I hear it right? What did this rascal call 
me?!’ 
Justin pursed his lips, his jaws tightening. 
For some reason, Justin felt a wave of shame wash over him, feeling utterly embarrassed. Throughout his thirty years of life, he had never sucked up to someone else like this! 
Justin felt like he was kissing Drew’s ass. 
If Ryan got hold of this, he would probably laugh at Justin for the rest 
of his life. 
The air suddenly turned awkward. 
At this moment, Drew’s phone rang, breaking the unbearable awkward 
silence. 
Drew answered the phone. “What is it?” 
The bodyguard reported, “Mr. Drew, Christopher Iverson wants to meet Ms. Bella. We stopped him as per your instructions.” 
“Good job! I’ll reward you guys generously later.” 
“Thank you, Mr. Drew! How generous of you! We will guard this place tightly and not let him in.”
After hanging up, Drew curled his lips into a wicked smile. “Hey, let’s go.” 
“Where?” Justin was confused. 
“Since you called me brother, I’ll help you vent your anger. How about 
that?” 
In the hall outside Bella’s ward, Christopher, who had just rushed over 
upon hearing the news, was blocked by the Thompson family’s bodyguards. He did not expect such treatment. 
Even though Bella had rejected his confession not long ago, 
Christopher still had Wyatt on his side. 
After their talk, Wyatt saw him in a new light and treated him like a godson. How dare the bodyguards stop him?! 
“Let me in.” Christopher adjusted his gold-rimmed glasses as a sharp light flashed across his eyes. 
The bodyguard’s attitude was firm. “Sorry, Mr. Iverson, but you can’t go in.” 
Another bodyguard echoed, “We are just following orders. Please don’t make things difficult for us.” 
“What did you say?” 
Christopher gritted his teeth as his gaze turned dark. “You should know of my relationship with Chairman Thompson. Aren’t you afraid that Chairman Thompson will make things hard for you if you stop me from going in?”
“Oh my! Who’s using Wyatt’s name to pressure us? How audacious!” 
The familiar voice, laced with mockery, made Christopher’s heart 
tighten. 
Never in a million years would Christopher expect to see Justin with 
Drew! 
“Mr. Christopher, why is Justin here?!” Taylor, who was standing behind Christopher, was also shocked. 
Justin stared at Christopher’s nervous face expressionlessly, his eyes 
hostile. 
“Oh, I was wondering who it was. It turns out that it’s you, Mr. Iverson.” 
Drew raised his chin slightly, looking nonchalant. “From the way you were talking just now, I thought that my unreliable father had an illegitimate son coming to look for him.”
###chapter923
Drew’s words were incredibly grating to the ear. 
Apart from Bella in the Thompson family, only Drew would dare to speak rashly and do whatever he wanted. 
The bodyguards could not help but chuckle, making Christopher feel even more humiliated. 
Justin raised his brows discreetly, watching as the always graceful and calm Christopher gradually lost control of his expression. 
It would be a lie to say that he did not feel satisfied. 
“I only came to visit Bella. Do you need to say such harsh words?” Christopher’s exquisite and neat suit hid his burning rage as his chest heaved up and down. 
“Then say you are here to visit Bella. Why bring Wyatt into it?” 
Drew glanced at Christopher coldly, not even trying to hide the disd between his eyebrows. “He’s not your dad, and you’re not a kid anymore. Aren’t you ashamed to cry for Daddy every time?” 
Justin was speechless. 
Christopher’s brows furrowed, and his expression darkened. The hint of a smile he always wore on his face stiffened. 
However, Christopher was not a simple man. He endured numerous hardships in Sentania while he was young, which honed his adaptable 
character.
He immediately adjusted his mindset and begged in a low voice,’ Drew, I don’t mean anything else. I am genuinely concerned about Bella. I just want to check on her.” 
“My family blocked the news immediately, so I didn’t expect you to get wind of it quickly. It seems like you’re always keeping an eye on 
us.” 
Drew narrowed his eyes, sarcasm dripping from his words. “But Bella is still recuperating. The doctor said she shouldn’t be stressed or tired. She also needs a silent environment, so she can’t take visitors. 
Please leave.” 
Christopher was unwilling to give up. “Drew…” 
“Oh, I should also add that even if you go to Wyatt for help, you still wouldn’t be able to meet her. Don’t waste your effort.” 
As he spoke, Drew smiled and turned to the man beside him. “Justin, let’s go.” 
Justin? 
Upon hearing Drew address him in such an intimate manner, Just suddenly felt a weird sensation creeping over him. 
A chill ran down his spine. 
“What are you standing there for? Let’s go!” Drew patted Justin’s back forcefully. 
“Yes, brother,” Justin responded lightly. 
Drew raised his eyebrow.
Once he accepted this address, it actually felt quite good, especially 
when it came from Justin. 
Drew could not help but feel secretly pleased. 
Christopher felt a sting in his heart, and his face turned pale. 
He did not know what happened in the past few days or what Justin did to get Drew on his side. Drew was not an easy man to deal with! 
Suddenly, Drew halted his footsteps. “Mr. Iverson, you should also know that love can’t be forced. Some things are destined not to be yours. It won’t change, no matter how hard you work for them. Moreover, you already have a beauty by your side, presumably your type. Otherwise, you wouldn’t have kept her around for so long, right?” 
Christopher’s breath hitched, and he secretly clenched his fists. He was so nervous that his heart pounded rapidly. 
His eyes were red as he glared at Justin and Drew, who disappeared down the hallway. An invisible flame threatened to consume Christopher. 
“Mr. Christopher…” 
Christopher was too intimidating now. Seeing him like this 
overwhelmed Taylor, whose forehead dripped with sweat. Taylor worriedly asked, “What did Mr. Drew mean by that? The beauty he referred to… Was it Ms. Yvonne?”
###chapter924
Who else could it be other than Yvonne?! 
However, what made Christopher uneasy was the fact that Drew 
knew there was a woman who looked like Bella in Savrow and that the woman was by his side. 
“The night Yvonne went to the bar, did Drew see me there?” 
Christopher asked with a gloomy gaze. 
“Well … I remember you saying that the bar was beneath your status, so you didn’t go in to look for Ms. Yvonne. You never came down from the car, either. Where did he see you?” 
Taylor racked his brains and quickly said, “Mr. Christopher, could it be your car? He found out that the car was registered under the Iverson, Group by investigating the license plate. Perhaps he said those things intentionally to provoke you.” 
N 
“Let’s go back.” Christopher gritted his teeth as he turned around. 
“Mr. Christopher, where are you going?” 
“Pivotage.” 
Justin and Drew walked to the door of Bella’s ward. 
“Thanks for just now.” Justin’s tone was more sincere.
“No need for that. Consider it my response to you calling me brother. Moreover, I didn’t do it only to help you. I know how to piss off that 
Iverson brat. The best way is through you.” Drew could not help but laugh when he recalled Christopher’s dark expression. 
“It’s okay. I don’t mind.” Justin’s thin lips curled up. 
“I just really can’t stand that Iverson brat, pretending like he’s someone important by relying on someone else’s name. He even used Wyatt as a shield. Who does he think he is? I hate people who aren’t honest and people who stab others in the back. He looks 
decent but behaves like a dirty snake. No wonder the other Iversons don’t respect him.” 
As he spoke, Drew threw a teasing glance at Justin. “You’re relatively better.” 
Justin was speechless. ‘Should I have thanked Christopher then?’ 
“Mr. Drew.” 
A weak voice sounded behind them. 
The two men turned around at once and were shocked. “Steven?!” 
A few steps away, Steven supported himself with a crutch and ha his other arm in a brace as he slowly walked toward them. 
Justin’s eyes widened, and he reacted first. He quickly strode toward Steven to support him. 
Steven pursed his lips. “Thank you, Mr. Salvador.”
“It’s nothing. I should thank you instead for protecting Bella.” Justin’s expression remained indifferent, but his deep voice could not hide the strong emotions surging within. 
“You don’t need to thank me. It is my duty to protect Ms. Bella,” Steven said with a determined light in his eyes. 
Even if he were to go through it all again, he would still choose to do the same without regrets. 
After this incident, Steven’s attitude toward Justin noticeably 
softened. After all, Justin saved Bella’s life again. 
“Steven! Do you want to get your arm amputated? Who the fuck let you get out of bed?!” 
Drew flew into a rage, cursing, “Did you know that you almost lost your arm? Asher specially arranged for the best orthopedic surgeon in the country to fly in and operate on you for two days, and they barely reattached your arm. Don’t waste my brother’s goodwill if you don’t 
want an arm!” 
“No… Mr. Drew, I…” 
“If you don’t listen to me, I’ll call your parents and ask them to visi you every day!” Drew was not joking. He was a man of his word.
###chapter925
Steven started to break into a cold sweat after hearing this. “Mr. Drew, I can’t stop worrying about Ms. Bella. I kept dreaming about what happened that night, even when I was unconscious. Can I see Ms. Bella?” 
“Bella is fine. We’ve stitched up the wound on her arm, and she 
doesn’t have any other injuries. She’s traumatized and needs time to recover. She wants some personal space.” Drew sighed. 
Thinking about the knife wound on Bella’s arm, Justin felt a wave of bitterness in his heart. 
They had been divorced for a year, but Bella kept getting hurt. It seemed like she could not live a peaceful life. 
Justin blamed himself for being so useless. 
So what if he could risk his life for her over and over again? He wa still a useless fool who could not prevent her from getting in harm 
way. 
“I’ve heard about Linny.” 
When Steven thought about that brave girl who took the bullet for Bella, he felt an excruciating pain in his heart. “Is there any progress about the whereabouts of that murderer?” 
“It shouldn’t be too long. I’m closely monitoring every move of Shannon and Bethany now. Shannon went out tonight, possibly going to meet Winston. I think my men will bring back some news soon.”
A sharp light flashed across Justin’s eyes. “Rest assured. No one wants to kill that bastard more than me. I’ve investigated his background, and Linny is not the only person he killed. He’s a vicious criminal. The only reason he could stay around Shannon for so many years without getting into trouble was that Shannon made a new identity for him and covered up his bloody past.” 
“Your stepmother is really something. It’s a waste of talent for her to only be a stepmother to you.” 
Drew mockingly said, “How is the Salvador Corporation 
conglomerate? It’s more like a bandit’s den.” 
Steven shook his head. “I think it’s more like the deepest pits of hell…” 
Justin was speechless. 
“If I had the chance to meet Mrs. Salvador, I should really thank her,” Drew said sarcastically. 
Justin frowned. “Thank her?” 
“Bella was married to you for three years and stayed at your hou with that witch. I have to thank her for not killing Bella.” 
Justin was at a loss for words again 
Drew had a sharp and vicious tongue. Back when they were in the military academy, Drew was a man with few words, never speaking unless necessary. Was that just an act? 
At this moment, the door opened, startling the three men. 
Bella had changed out of her loose patient robes. She wore a black
suit, her bare face still stunningly beautiful. 
She stood there without speaking, her expression solemn, as if silently mourning for Linny. 
“Bella?!” 
“Ms. Bella!” 
Justin’s heartbeat sped up, and the tip of his ears turned red as he stared at Bella foolishly. 
His lips parted. He almost called out Bella’s name but did not gather 
enough courage. 
Back then, the situation was chaotic and he had a reason to 
approach her. But now, what excuse did he have? 
“Steve, are you alright?” Bella’s dimmed gaze landed on Steven’s shoulder, and her voice choked. 
“I’m fine, Ms. Bella.” 
Steven wanted to raise his arm to show that he was all good, but could not do that. He smiled embarrassedly. “Don’t worry. It wo take long for me to be back to normal. I could return to work for you 
“When your arm heals, don’t stay by my side as my secretary anymore.”
###chapter926
“Ms. Bella, do you not need me anymore?” Steven’s lips trembled. 
He dragged his heavy body, stumbling while making his way to Bella. ” Did I drag you down? I admit I can’t fight, but please give me another chance. I’ll train my combat skills so that I can protect you!” 
Justin frowned deeply, feeling bitter and sour in his heart. 
Bella has never lacked men who would rush to protect her, so what he did for her was not worth mentioning. 
“Steven, you got it wrong. 
Bella smiled bitterly. “I will join KS Group and take over Asher’s position. It’s a waste of your talent to be my secretary. I want you to be the Head of the Legal Department to maximize your expertise and profession. That way, you can still help me and my father. Isn’t that great?” 
Any other person would be overjoyed to hear this arrangement. 
However, Steven looked defeated, like a dog that had been kicked o of the house by its owner. 
He thought that Bella did not want him anymore. She never knew what he really wanted. 
All he asked for was to stay by her side forever. 
However, after the incident, Steven felt that he was incapable of 
protecting Bella, and the man who could do that was right before his 
eyes.
With these thoughts, Steven looked at Justin with red and teary eyes. 
At this moment, Justin was staring intently at Bella. 
No matter the time or place, as long as Bella was present, she would be the only one in Justin’s eyes. 
“Anyway, what’s important now is to heal your injuries. That’s more important than anything else.” 
Bella steadied herself and revealed her first smile in a long while.” You have to come back in your best condition. The KS Group doesn’t keep idlers.” 
Steven knew that Bella had made up her mind, so he could only nod 
heavily. 
“Drew, is Linny’s body in the morgue now?” Bella looked at Drew and spoke in a hoarse voice. 
“Yes. We informed Linny’s grandmother yesterday and sent a c bring her to Savrow to claim the body.” 
Drew had a sorrowful expression. “She begged us to seek justice f 
Linny.” 
“Linny’s funeral must be dignified and proper. We must do a good job 
of comforting her family. Her grandmother won’t ask us for 
compensation, but we need to be considerate of her needs.” 
“I know. Don’t worry, baby sis.” 
Drew sized her up with surprise. “Where are you going like this? Asher
made it clear that you are not allowed to be 
hospital. He will punch me if you leave!” 
“Looking at the sunset every day while lying in bed has no meaning 
and is self-destructive. Is the phone repaired?” 
Bella suddenly changed the topic, stunning Drew. “Huh? Oh, it’s 
repaired, but I didn’t do it.” 
“Who did?” Bella frowned. 
“Ralph. Linny’s phone is evidence that needs to be sent to the forensic department for repair and inspection. However, Ralph told me last night that it’s almost done. There should be news today.” 
Bella’s gaze darkened. She walked to Justin and raised her chin, looking into his eyes. 
Justin’s heart trembled under her burning gaze, and his fingers curled inward, balling into a fist. 
“Justin, come to the police station with me.” 
Bella’s gaze carried a sense of power, as if she could see through soul, making it impossible to reject “We need to cooperate with investigation. Also, there’s another important matter you need to 
know.”
###chapter927
Christopher returned to Pivotage. 
Yvonne had heard about it beforehand and waited for him in the room. 
The door was kicked open with a bang, shaking the extravagant 
crystal chandelier on the ceiling along with it. 
Seeing Christopher barge in with an overwhelming rage, Yvonne was so terrified that she trembled, not daring to look at him. She almost curled up into a ball. 
Behind him, Taylor also had a frightened expression and remained 
quiet. 
He followed Christopher when they were in Sentania and knew what it was like when Christopher got angry Lives were at stake! 
“Mr. Christopher.” Yvonne’s timid and beautiful face did not conce 
her panic. 
No matter how much she looked like Bella, she could never imitate fraction of Bella’s demeanor or how she carried herself. 
“Mr. Christopher, calm down. Perhaps things are not what you think. Perhaps…” 
Before Taylor’s words fell, Christopher strode to the tea table and grabbed the glass ashtray, hurling it toward Yvonne with raging red
eyes. 
“Ah!” 
Yvonne screamed and protected her head. 
However, Christopher did not throw it at her. The ashtray flew past her head and hit the wall behind her, smashing into pieces on the 
ground. 
A dent appeared on the wall. 
“It was all because of your unauthorized actions that created this 
mess.” 
Christopher cracked his knuckles, glaring at Yvonne with an 
intimidating gaze. “I gave you this face, so you should use it as I instruct. I didn’t ask you to do that, so why did you act on your own?!” 
Yvonne’s tears fell, but she dared not cry out loud. 
“Now, Drew Brown has guessed our relationship. He could be investigating you at this moment! Once Bella hears about this and knows that there is a woman who looks exactly like her in Savrow with her intelligence, she’ll surely suspect the incident with Justin 
Zoe.” 
Christopher was born with pale skin. Coupled with his raging an his face looked like an eerie ghost.
“Mr. Christopher, I was wrong. I made a mistake… Ah!” 
Yvonne’s trembling words were abruptly silenced by Christopher’s slender fingers. His hands effortlessly wrapped around her throat, lifting her rigid body from the ground. 
“Mr. Christopher! No!” Taylor’s hair stood on end upon seeing this 
scene. 
D 
But Christopher ignored him. His fingers tightened, and his eyes turned crimson. 
“Chris…” Yvonne’s arms dangled weakly at her side, her face turning purple as tears welled up in her eyes 
Chris… 
Upon hearing this name, what appeared in Christopher’s mind was Bella gently smiling at him. 
His heart softened. 
Because of Bella, he took mercy on the woman before him. 
“I’m already a step behind Justin. Don’t make me lose to him again.” 
Christopher’s dark and menacing eyes narrowed slightly. His voice was threatening as he said, “If this happens again, I’ll make you vanish from the world without a trace.” 
He suddenly let go of her, and she fell to the ground heavily. 
Yvonne coughed violently, and her vision went black as if she ha escaped from hell.
Christopher took a white handkerchief from his pocket and graceful wiped his hands as if nothing had happened. He once again turned into an elegant gentleman instead of a well-dressed thug. 
“Mr. Christopher, since I caused this mess, I should be the one to take care of it for you.” Yvonne finally caught her breath, her beautiful face covered in cold sweat. 
“Take care of it? What can you do?”
###chapter928
Christopher laughed in contempt. “Could you kill Drew Brown for me?” 
Drew… 
It turned out that the handsome man she met was named Drew. 
Yvonne recalled that handsome and charming face with a cocky and seductive expression. His eyebrows were always slightly tilted. Her heartbeat sped up. 
When she returned from the bar that night, she surprisingly dreamed of that face. 
Yvonne herself found it unbelievable. 
“If you ask me to kill him, I will do everything I can.” Yvonne sweated as she gritted her teeth. 
“He is the brother of my woman. Do you think you can just kill him? You’re quite bold.” Christopher glanced at her coldly with a sinister look. 
Yvonne trembled, her sweat soaking the hair by her ears, looking pitiful. “Sorry, Mr. Christopher, I…” 
“I won’t ask you to kill him. I want you to seduce him.” 
“What did you say?!” Yvonne was dumbfounded. 
“Didn’t you guys get along well that night?” 
Christopher’s gaze gradually turned disdainful. “Since that’s the case, I want you to capture his heart. It seems he’s also interested in you, even if it’s only because of your face, which resembles his beloved little sister.”
“No, that’s not true, Mr. Christopher…” Yvonne’s heart tightened, and she felt that at this moment, she was undoubtedly being interrogated coldly by Christopher. 
Christopher curled his lips wickedly and leaned down, pinching her chin and rubbing her rosy lips with his fingertips. 
In the past, Yvonne would never wear such bright red lipstick. 
Christopher forced her to use such passionate red colors because it was Bella Thompson’s trademark lip color. 
Yvonne gazed at the man before her, whom she had loved for a long time. Tears flowed out of her eyes and rolled down her beautiful face. 
“You are so beautiful. How could Drew not fall for you? Go seduce him and make him your admirer. Then… Destroy him.” 
As his words fell, Christopher’s throat bobbed, and he let out a sinister and creepy laugh. His eyes glinted with excitement. 
“Yes, Mr. Christopher.” 
Yvonne was crying, but her red lips curled up, revealing a smile that looked most like Bella’s, even capable of intoxicating Christopher. “As long as it’s what you want, I will do it for you, even if I have to risk my life.” 
Bella and Justin arrived at the police station where Ralph worked. 
When they arrived, Ralph had already been waiting for them at the entrance. 
“Ralph!”
Bella ran to him, and Ralph quickly grabbed her shoulders. “Crazy girl! You really don’t listen! I should’ve cuffed you to the bed!” 
“Pfft! Cuff me to the bed?” Bella’s spirit recovered slightly. Her eyes curled up cunningly, and she resembled a cute little fox. 
Upon listening to it, Justin frowned, feeling an unpleasant surge of jealousy. 
A man deeply in love could even feel jealous of his beloved woman’s brother. 
Ralph immediately blushed and coughed, stuttering, “Bella, what are you saying? Don’t talk nonsense!” 
Justin’s brows furrowed deeper. ‘Why is Ralph blushing?’ 
He recalled that Ralph and Bella were just half-siblings. Then he thought of his own experience at home. 
He could not let down his guard!
###chapter929
Bella stopped teasing Ralph and put on a serious expression. “Ralph, is the phone repaired?” 
“It’s quite challenging to repair it, but our colleagues in the technical department are all professionals.” 
Ralph turned to look at Justin. “Mr. Salvador, we’ll need you to stay behind for a statement later.” 
“Sure. I came to cooperate with the police.” 
Justin’s calm eyes glinted, and his gaze fell on Bella’s face, unable to look away. 
Bella felt his intense gaze. She pursed her lips, intentionally ignoring his heated stare. 
The three walked into the police station. Although it was already nighttime, the presence of Bella and Justin walking in together still attracted astonished looks from the officers. 
What a perfect pair! Such a match was rare, and it would be a crime for them not to get married. 
In the interrogation room, Ralph handed Linny’s repaired phone to them. 
Bella’s eyelashes fluttered as she slowly took the phone, which had a shattered screen. 
The screen lit up and showed a photo of Linny with her grandmother back in her hometown. She carried a cute little dog in her arms and smiled cheerfully. 
Instantly, Bella felt her head buzz. Pain spread from her heart to her whole body, so excruciating that she trembled and covered her ears. 
Her eyes shut tightly, but she could not stop the tears from falling. 
“Bella! Are you alright? Do you want to rest first?”
Ralph knew that Bella had not yet emerged from the psychological trauma. When she saw the lock screen, she must have recalled what happened that night. It was quite a blow. 
He quickly stood up and walked around the table, intending to comfort Bella. 
At this moment, he saw Justin suddenly turn around and embrace Bella. Justin gently placed his large hands on the back of her neck and carefully guided her forehead to rest on his broad shoulder. 
“Breathe in. Listen to me and take a deep breath…” 
He spoke softly into her ear, guiding her with a soothing voice wh patting her shivering back with his warm palms. 
Bella closed her eyes tightly and clenched her fists. She leaned against Justin’s chest and sobbed, which was heartbreaking to witness. 
Ralph observed their interaction without intervening, only letting out a soft sigh. 
He had to say that if Justin was not around, he would not know how to calm Bella down.. 
Their fate was truly an entangled mess. 
However, if Justin’s method could make his sister feel better, he would take it and give that rascal a chance. 
After a while, Bella gradually steadied her emotions. Seeing that she was leaning against Justin, she panicked and hurriedly pushed him away. 
Justin was startled, and he blinked. 
“Thank you.” Bella did not dare to look at him. She murmured in a muffled voice.
“You’re welcome,” Justin replied softly. 
Bella noticed that a patch on Justin’s suit had become wet from her tears and felt a pang of guilt. She quickly wiped his suit with her hands. 
Justin was amused and exasperated. 
“Um… Give me your suit jacket before you leave later. I’ll find someone to dry clean it and send it to you.” 
“Why should you wash it?” Justin’s smile was like a warm ray of sunlight, shining into her heart. “You don’t need to. I like this.”
###chapter930
The air between them suddenly turned weird. 
Bella stared blankly at Justin’s handsome face. His smile held a tenderness she had never seen before. 
She coughed lightly and quickly turned her gaze away, not daring to look into the pair of gleaming eyes. It was as if looking at them for one more second would expose some unspeakable secret. 
Bella realized that Justin had changed a lot. 
In the past, he was as cold as ice and unapproachable. 
Now, he was slowly melting himself into a puddle of spring water, surrounding her and providing her with a warm sense of security. 
“Ahem…” 
Ralph, who was a lifelong bachelor and allergic to romance, could r take it anymore. He broke the awkward silence. “Isn’t it just a su 
Why wash it? The Thompson family is capable of paying for a pie of clothing. Bella, buy another suit for Mr. Salvador. I’ll pay for it!” 
“Thank you, Captain Ralph.” Justin’s thin lips curled up. His expression was calm. 
“Ralph, are you sure?” 
Bella regained her composure and raised her eyebrows. “If I’m not mistaken, this suit was a custom- made product from a well-known brand that supplied the royal family in Belpaes. You can’t buy it with
money. Even if you could, your annual salary could probably only buy Mr. Salvador’s sleeve.” 
‘Fuck! So expensive!’ Ralph’s face turned ashen. 
He shamelessly went back on his words and shouted, “I’m not paying for that! Just pretend I didn’t say anything.” 
Anyway, he was unafraid of embarrassing himself in front of his sister. 
Justin’s smile deepened. He stared at Bella with a gentle gaze. “As expected of the genius designer, Sharon, you have a great eye.” 
Bella met his gaze in surprise after hearing it. “You… When did you know?” 
“At Madam Celeste’s birthday banquet, when Madam Celeste came out with a stunning dinner dress, I guessed it was you. No, actually, I should have guessed it when I saw you arranging the clothes in Ms. Roza’s studio,” Justin said fondly. 
Bella pursed her lips, and a faint blush appeared on her cheeks. 
Several different emotions surged in her heart at that moment, intertwining into a web. 
Justin suddenly recalled the suit he had stored meticulously in h wardrobe until now but was already torn to pieces. When she was st his wife, Bella painstakingly worked for half a month to sew it for him day and night. 
Each stitch and thread carried her devoted love. 
However, Justin might never receive such love and treatment again
He should have known back then. He should have understood how perfect, outstanding, and flawless his wife was. 
However, he was blinded and could not see anything. 
Bella’s sad expression fell into his gaze, landing heavily on his chest and melting his heart. He owed her too much. 
Even if he spent the rest of his life trying to make up for it, Justin did not know if he could clear his debts. 
“Bella, does Linny’s phone contain important evidence? You were so anxious to repair it.” Ralph asked curiously. 
Bella nodded with a sorrowful expression. “Before she passed, she told me that she obtained crucial evidence of Shannon’s crimes on her phone.”
###chapter931
“That was her final word.” 
As Bella’s words fell, the two men silently lowered their heads. 
In the last moments of her life, that poor girl did not think about herself but about how to expose Shannon’s crimes. 
“Well… Linny’s death must be related to the secret she discovered.” Ralph frowned and thought about it. 
“Yes. Otherwise, that usually cunning woman wouldn’t suddenly lose her composure and take the risk of sending someone after Linny, trying to silence her.” Bella angrily clenched her fists. 
“But she’s really bold to target you!” 
Thinking about what Bella experienced that night, Ralph was enraged and slammed his fists on the table. “You have five badass brothers and a filthy rich and powerful father. How dare she try to kill you!? 
“Even without Dad’s intervention, any five of us could kill her with leaving a trace!” 
A cold tremor flashed across Justin’s dark eyes. What exactly happened to make Shannon disregard the consequences and act viciously? 
Bella’s lips twitched, her face as cold as ice. “Killing Linny should be Shannon’s idea. However, sending someone after me might not necessarily be Shannon’s doing. In my opinion, it could be Bethany acting in Shannon’s name to take the opportunity to kill me. After al
with Shannon’s careful and cunning personality, she wouldn’t act so recklessly without thinking of the consequences. This looks more like Bethany’s handiwork.” 
That made sense. Justin unconsciously nodded in agreement. 
“Fuck, isn’t Bethany Shannon’s daughter? Damn it. A mother and her daughter are scheming together. They will reunite in jail!” Ralph cursed, wishing to twist their heads off. 
Bella took a deep breath, and her heavy gaze landed on Justin. 
She recalled what Linny said. “Shannon… Killed Mrs. Salvador… Proof … Phone…” 
Justin felt stung by her overly intense gaze, feeling confused. 
Bella turned on Linny’s phone and flipped through the photo gallery,/ but found nothing unusual. 
Since it was a piece of evidence, it might have been in the form of a recording. Bella opened the voice recording app. 
Sure enough, there was a voice recording. Bella’s eyelashes hung as she opened the recording. 
The quality of the recording was not great, and it sounded a bit muffled, as if Linny secretly recorded it in a closed environment. 
However, it was extremely quiet in the interrogation room. The thre people held their breaths. If a needle dropped on the floor now, the could probably hear it. 
Shannon’s conversation with Bethany was exposed and clearly hear by the trio. 
“Mom! You’d better stop meeting with Dr. Fairchild. He must want something from you! As for Mary’s death, everyone who knew the truth must bring the secret to their graves! As long as he’s alive, he’s a
deadly threat to you!” 
Justin’s pupils shrank. 
Mary? His mother?! 
“No… It’s been twenty years. The evidence is long gone! Unless that bitch returns from hell to accuse me, nobody will know what really happened with that bitch’s death!” 
Bella’s heart skipped a beat as anger burned within her chest.
###chapter932
Ralph was also stunned. He did not expect this case to involve Justin’s mother. 
If this cold case from the past were to be brought to light, one could only imagine Shannon’s miserable ending. 
No wonder Shannon wanted to silence Linny. 
“Justin…” Bella looked at Justin worriedly. 
At this moment, Justin’s smiling eyes turned blank. He stared at the phone screen like a gun was about to be fired. The tears forming in his eyes made him look broken, which made Bella’s heart ache. 
“No one? There’s still Rosalind!” 
Even Rosalind was involved with this matter?! 
Bella felt a chill down her spine, horrified at the revelation. It was evident that Mary’s death was not an accident at all, but an evil pl cooked up by Shannon years ago! 
When Bella was still Justin’s wife, she tried to ask about Mary’s dea from Wilma. However, Wilma hesitated to speak every time, keeping to herself. 
Wilma only said that Justin did not like people probing into his mother’s past. 
She also said that Justin was not like this in the past. He used to be carefree and liked to laugh. Mary’s death was too much of a painful blow to Justin, almost ruining an ordinary boy. 
Twenty years had passed, and the departed carried their regrets with them. However, the murderer, Shannon, was still the noble Mrs.
Salvador, living a life of luxury. Where was justice?! 
“She’s nothing! Just a chess piece abandoned. If she still wants to return to Savrow one day, she’d better keep her mouth shut! By the way, are you keeping an eye on the maid I bribed who served Mary all these years?” 
“Yes. She’s far away in another country and has opened a restaurant. 
Since she received our favor, she naturally has to bring the secret to her grave.” 
“Good!” Shannon suddenly laughed creepily, and her laughter lingered in the dimly lit room like an evil ghost. 
“That bitch still felt guilty toward her son, even at death’s door. I reckon she won’t be able to forgive herself even when she meets Hades. When I think of how that bastard was manipulated by Rosalind, an accomplice, and would never know the truth behind mother’s death, I feel amazing! No matter how much grievance or hardship I suffered, I feel so satisfied when I think about this!” 
Bang! 
Justin panted heavily. His eyes turned bloodshot, and he suddenly stood up, knocking his chair over. Every muscle in his taut body was filled with explosive tension. His eyes looked murderous. 
“I will kill her.” 
Bella was stunned. She watched as two lines of tears fell from his crimson eyes, as if filled with hatred and blood. 
She had never seen such an angry and desolate Justin.
His pale lips trembled slightly, the overwhelming truth pushing him. into the depths of the abyss. The pain that spread from the deepest part of his heart after knowing the cruel truth was akin to being pulled apart and burned alive. 
“I’ll kill Shannon. I’ll kill her…” 
At this moment, Justin’s rationale was completely engulfed by his burning rage. Clenching his fists tightly, he was like a beast that descended into madness, charging recklessly into the cage of hatred. 
“I will send everyone related to my mother’s death to hell!” 
Before his words fell, he had rushed to the door like a man possessed. 
“Justin! Calm down!”
###chapter933
In the critical moment, Bella gave it all she had and wrapped her arms around Justin from behind, locking his tensed waist. 
“Justin! Bella is right!” 
Ralph strode forward and blocked Justin’s way, looking at his pale face. The sorrow in his eyes made a bystander like him deeply sympathetic. 
“You will sacrifice your life if you kill someone. You are a good person, so why should you pay the price for those animals ?! If you really want to avenge your mother, you need to stay rational and clear- headed! Shannon deserves to die, but once you kill her, it will be an eye for an eye! Is it worth it for that evil bitch?! If anything happens to you, what will happen to Bella?! Did you think about that?!” 
Ralph spoke a lot, but it seemed like only his last two sentences pierced into Justin’s heart, soothing his agony. 
Bella used all her strength to press against the man’s back. She closed her eyes tightly and hugged his waist with everything she h 
Her face, drenched with cold sweat, was pressed against his ba motionless. 
She could clearly feel Justin’s breathing gradually even out, and h rapidly beating heart slowly steadied. 
Even so, she did not relax a bit. 
She understood Justin the most. If this happened to her own mother her reaction might be more terrifying than his.
Bella did not know how much time had passed while they remained in that position when Justin came to his senses. As if his broken soul had stitched itself together, his sweaty and cold hands covered hers, and he said hoarsely, “I’m sorry, Bella. I must have scared you.” 
Bella’s heart stung, and she shook her head. 
This man was so foolish sometimes that it made her heart ache. 
He just learned the truth about his mother’s death, yet he apologized to her. What did he do wrong? 
Justin was the most pitiful person in the world. 
“But… Bella, what should I do?” 
Justin’s eyes, numb from pain, could not stop the tears from falling. His lean body was stiff, and he stood there without moving an inch, feeling as if his heart had been dug out and thrown into a dark abyss, chilling him to the core. 
“Why am I so stupid? The woman who murdered my mother was rig in front of me and lived with me for twenty years, but I knew nothing Bella, tell me. Apart from killing her, what should I do? How do I se justice for my mother?” 
“You will, soon.” 
Bella’s soft hands patted his trembling back lightly, and her gentle voice soothed his soul, which was torn apart by hatred. 
“Like you, I want nothing more than for Bethany and Shannon to pay for their blood debts. I want them to be so miserable that death would be mercy.
“I’ll help you, Ju?tin. I’ll do everything I can to take your hand in this dance of vengeance. I’ll walk down this path with you and bear all the unknown dangers together. We will both watch those who committed heinous deeds fall into hell and never surface again.” 
Justin’s eyes were teary. He shut them and held Bella’s hand tightly. 
Together. 
They did not read their oaths during their wedding, but these words were more melodious than any vows and better than any sweet talk. 
They finally walked on the same path, but it was not for love. Instead, it was for revenge. 
Even so, Justin was already satisfied. 
He thought, ‘Mother, if you are watching over me in heaven, please bless me.’
###chapter934
The things that happened tonight were too much. 
Although Ralph was a seasoned police officer, he could not digest this information immediately. He wanted Justin to get some rest first, but Justin stubbornly insisted on cooperating with the investigation. 
He was in a bad mental state. 
Tideview Manor carried too much of his unbearable pain and hatred at this moment. He could not live there anymore. 
However, if he went to Nigel’s place, he was afraid that he would lose control of his emotions and break down in front of Nigel, making the elderly worry. 
Justin stood in front of the police station in a daze, smiling bitterly. 
He was the president of the Salvador Corporation and was worth billions in market value, but at this moment, he felt like a homeless man with nowhere to go. 
How miserable and pathetic. 
“You can stay at my place tonight.” 
Bella suddenly spoke to him softly Justin was so stunned that his eyes widened. 
He even thought he had started hallucinating due to the excessive grief. 
That was because this scenario would not even appear in his dreams 
“I will manage in a hotel for a few days.”
“Don’t overthink it.” 
Bella’s long eyelashes fluttered. “You can’t go back to Tideview Manor now, and you don’t want to make Grandpa Nigel worry. I won’t feel at ease if you go to a hotel either. I’m afraid you might do something stupid. If anything happens to you, it’ll be more difficult for me to carry out the revenge myself, and it’ll take more time. I merely dislike the feeling of facing challenges alone.” 
Justin frowned. His gloomy eyes were still wet, like an obsidian gem touched by morning dew. 
The feeling of being alone… 
He understood Bella. He understood how she felt when she poured her heart and soul into something without getting any return. 
When she was young, Bella passionately pursued him, but he did not know the existence of such a girl in the world. 
Three years ago, she became his wife, but he never responded t devotion and love, not even once. 
Justin silently turned his head away, trying to hold his tears back lost his composure in the interrogation room and did not want to appear vulnerable in front of the woman he loved. 
“Whether you agree or not, I will be by your side tonight. If you choo the hotel, I’ll go with you. If you sleep under a bridge, I’ll sleep und the bridge with you.” 
Upon hearing her words, Justin’s pale face blushed slightly, and heartbeat increased. 
He did not want to flatter himself, but Bella sounded like his wife, following her husband’s lead. 
“Well then… Sorry to trouble you tonight.” His voice was hoarse.
“What haven’t you done to me before? Stop being polite. Let’s go.” 
Bella’s heart pounded as well, and she quickly walked away for fear that Justin would hear it. 
Justin’s throat bobbed, and his lips curled up as he obediently trailed behind Bella. 
After Steven was injured, Bella’s villa became vacant. It was empty, and walking into it would make one feel cold. 
Justin entered the villa. He had never shown much interest in other matters, but he acted like a curious child at this moment. His eyes wandered around and shone with an excited spark. He did not want miss any traces of Bella’s life. 
It was his first time entering Bella’s home! In the past, he could or stand pitifully outside in the rain.
###chapter935
At this moment, for the first time in his life, Justin felt the urge to show off. He wanted to take a picture and send it to Ryan. 
Ryan should know that he was not the only one who could come to 
Bella’s house. Look, he also made it! 
“Justin, what are you looking around at?” 
Bella glanced at him in surprise. “Do you know you look like a thief just now?” 
“Sorry.” Justin quickly retracted his gaze, feeling that he had lost his composure. 
“Except for the last room on the left side of the second floor, you can choose any other room to stay in. I have some ingredients left by 
Steven in the fridge, so you can make yourself some food. I don’t have a cook here,” Bella said casually and went upstairs. 
“Why can’t I enter that room?” Justin asked foolishly. 
“Because that’s my bedroom.” 
Bella suddenly halted. She turned around and looked at Justin with a sneer. “Rest assured, I don’t have any secrets that can’t be seen or any lovers I can’t forget. If you want to visit my bedroom, you can do so now.” 
For some reason, she was being sarcastic.
When she thought about those old photos of Rosalind, still carefully treasured in the study until now, she felt an unavoidable sense of pain in her heart. 
It was because Bella still cared about Justin. She could not resist bringing it up whenever she had a chance to imitate him. 
She was merely a mortal, not a saint, 
Could she not hold a grudge and throw a small tantrum? 
“Bella…” 
Justin’s eyes glittered with tears. He knew Bella was still upset about what happened at the villa, 
However, a flame of hope had rekindled in his heart. If Bella truly did not love him anymore and was only together with him for revenge, there was no need for her to mention this. 
If she brought it up, it meant she cared about his past and him. 
“Suit yourself. I’ll go up first.” 
Bella’s voice became noticeably deep and hoarse. “I hope you adjust your mindset soon. Our revenge is about to begin.” 
“Bella, I’ve sold that villa and got rid of everything inside except for my mother’s photos.” Justin felt as if a heavy rock pressed on his chest, almost suffocating him. 
Bella looked indifferent. “It has nothing to do with me. Those are your personal belongings, and you can handle them as you see fit.” 
“I know their existence has hurt you.
“That’s because you wanted them to exist. You’re hesitant to get rid of them.” Bella chuckled, sounding a little relieved. 
“I’ve completely forgotten about it. I’ve asked lan to sell the villa long ago, but he never got around to it.” 
Justin knew his explanation was futile, but he still felt bitter and tried to explain with reddened eyes. “I was drugged that night and only semi -conscious. I don’t remember anything that happened at all. Ryan didn’t want me to stay in a hotel in that state, and he couldn’t send me back to Tideview Manor. He only knew about that villa, so he sent me there without asking…..” 
“Justin, I’ve said that it’s your business and has nothing to do with me.” 
Bella closed her eyes and raised her hand, gesturing for Justin to stop. “I’m tired.” 
“How does it have nothing to do with you? Don’t you resent me for it?” Justin sweated in anxiousness, breathing heavily. 
“It’s not the only thing I resent about you.” 
Justin felt a sting in his heart, and he clenched his fists. 
“But now, I think there’s nothing to resent you for. It’s all in the past.” 
Bella turned around slowly and spoke in a casual tone, not realizing that her eyes had turned red. “Justin, let’s look forward. Even the most heart-breaking emotional entanglements are not worth mentioning in the face of hatred. It will only affect our progress.”
###chapter936
“I’m going upstairs.” 
Suddenly, Bella felt some weight press against her back, making her body lurch forward. 
Justin embraced her tightly from behind. His entire being enveloped her, wishing he could merge her into his body. 
His sturdy chest, emanating with intense warmth, pressed against her slender back. His heartbeat pounded against her back with each pulse, leaving her head spinning and her body weak, with a tingling sensation spreading from her spine to her chest. 
“Justin…” Bella’s breath came in hurried gasps as she called out his name. 
Though her tone betrayed a clear hint of resistance, she yielded without resistance this time. 
“How could you deem it unworthy? Stop saying things like this.” 
Justin tightened his embrace once more, his arms securing her fragile waist. His heated breath brushed against her fair and rosy neck. 
“Twenty years ago, I lost the most important person in my life. And now, twenty years later, I’ve found the one and only person I want to spend my life with. I don’t want to lose you again. You’re my everything. Bella… Without you, every day feels like a living hell.” 
‘Death is not terrifying. In fact, I would face it countless times for you. 
But losing you is my greatest fear,’ Justin thought to himself.
The man rested his chin on her lustrous hair, gently brushing it as he choked back on his emotions once more. 
Justin, the epitome of pride and dominance, seemed like a god untouched by mortal affairs. 
It was very unlike him to appear so vulnerable, like a dog pleading for her mercy. 
Bella faintly heard his restrained sobs. That night, Bella witnessed the proud facade he usually wore crumble before her eyes. How could she bring herself to trample upon it further? 
Having witnessed his bravery on the battlefield, Bella knew just how fierce and ruthless Justin could be. 
Yet at this moment, she could not help but sympathize with him. 
Perhaps out of compassion, she decided to set aside their grievances for the night. 
“Ah… It hurts…” Bella winced, her shoulder tensing in Justin’s embrace. 
“It hurts? Where?!” Justin panicked his large hands gripping Bella’s shoulders. 
“Ah! It hurts so bad! Right here…” Bella gasped in pain, her slender body trembling lightly in his embrace. 
Earlier at the police station, she had restrained him with her body to calm him down, unaware that the stitches holding her wound together had reopened. 
It was not until they left the police station that she began to feel pain, but being the resilient person she was, she intended to deal with it herself once they returned home. 
However, the oblivious Justin had no sense of awareness, clinging to her and babbling incessantly. Not only did he refuse to let go, but he also gripped Bella tightly. It made her wonder why he did not just
crush her to death. 
Justin, who only realized his mistake afterward, released Bella with a dazed expression. 
It was then that he felt a warm dampness on his arm. As he looked down, he was startled to see a patch of crimson staining his gray suit sleeve. 
It was Bella’s blood! 
In reality, her wound had been bleeding all along, but with her wearing a black suit, it was hardly noticeable 
“You silly girl… Why didn’t you say anything earlier?!” The man’s voice, usually deep and composed, now rose with urgency and concern. 
“W-Why are you yelling at me?!” Bella furrowed her delicate brows. Her pitiful appearance as she bit her lips tugged at Justin’s heartstrings. 
Justin froze for a moment, realizing he had sounded harsh. 
Yell? He would not dare yell at her. 
In front of this delicate woman, he was nothing more than a lapdog and a servant.
###chapter937
“It’s fine. It’s just a minor injury. Don’t worry about it… Ah!” 
Bella’s vision momentarily blurred as she was unexpectedly lifted off the ground by Justin, prompting her to instinctively press her hands against her chest. 
“I’ll take you back to your room. Do you have a first-aid kit at home? I’ll help you redress your wound.” Justin’s eyes sparkled as he gazed at her, already ascending the stairs with long strides. 
“There’s no need for that! I’m a professional surgeon! I can handle it myself! 
Bella’s tiny fist rested against Justin’s chest, her breath erratic as she forgot to resist. 
A charming blush tinted her porcelain-like cheeks, adding to her already captivating allure. 
Justin carried Bella into her bedroom. 
To his surprise, Bella’s room was unexpectedly simple. Despite being adorned with high-quality furnishings and luxurious bedding, it was far more minimalist than he had anticipated for the daughter of Hatchbay’s wealthiest man. Her room was, surprisingly, even more minimalist than Carrie’s. 
Justin recalled how, back in the Salvador household, Bella had a great passion for life. There were numerous plants, and she often purchased different decorations for the house. 
Even the bed they shared, though he seldom slept in it, had its sheets and covers changed weekly with different patterns. The bedside ornaments and flowers on the coffee table were also constantly changing and always fresh. It was evident how much effort and care 
Bella had devoted to their marriage.
“You’re still so young. Why is your room so simple?” 
Justin gently placed Bella on the bed. “If you don’t mind, my grandfather has quite a collection of famous paintings and antiques. You used to like them a lot, right? I’ll go to my grandfather’s place and get some. Tomorrow, I’ll have Wilma come over to help you decorate.” 
“There’s no need for that. I don’t like my room to be too flashy. As long as it’s functional and comfortable, it’s enough,” Bella replied calmly, not accepting his offer. 
“I’m sorry.” 
“Justin, are you a parrot or a broken recorder? Can’t you say something else besides these words?” 
“I’m really sorry…”. 
Bella sighed and rubbed her forehead in resignation. 
“Alright, you don’t necessarily have to speak.” Her tone was tinged with a hint of frustration. 
Justin’s lips quivered slightly, feeling bitter inside. 
Following Bella’s instructions, he found the first-aid kit and helped her remove her jacket. When he saw her shirt soaked with sweat, his heart ached terribly. 
“From now on, stop enduring it all silently.” Justin’s voice trembled with emotion, and his heart was heavy with anguish. 
“Yeah, I won’t bear it anymore. It’s because I’ve been too tolerant that those despicable monsters have been able to seize opportunities to harm innocent people time and time again.” 
Bella’s beautiful eyes blazed with intense fury, immersed in profound anger and self-reproach.
Unbeknownst to her, however, the man had silently and steadily unbuttoned the remaining buttons of her shirt, which was the only clothing left on her body. 
When Bella finally realized this, Justin had already unbuttoned the last remaining button. 
Justin’s throat bobbed abruptly, a surge of desire coursing through him, making his handsome face flush as if he were running a fever. 
He was undoubtedly a gentleman of integrity. 
Yet he always found himself unable to resist entertaining inappropriate thoughts about this delicate woman. 
“Ah!” 
A piercing scream echoed through the room. 
With cheeks as red as tomatoes, Bella reflexively raised her hand and slapped Justin.
###chapter938
The slap was rather gentle. 
In contrast to previous encounters, Justin almost perceived Bella’s action as just a gentle caress on his cheeks, prompting a slight smile. 
Bella thought, ‘Damn! Is that guy actually smiling?! Why does he seem even more shameless now?!’ 
“W-Why did you undress me?” Bella’s arms crossed defensively over her chest, and her cheeks flushed with embarrassment. 
Justin looked deeply into her eyes, his gaze full of tenderness and affection. “I’m just helping you treat your wound.” 
What a bold and justified excuse. 
That scoundrel was truly shameless 
“Y-You could’ve waited outside while I changed into suitable clothes, or you could’ve just cut my sleeve with scissors. Why did you have to undress me?!” 
Bella’s face flushed with anger, her watery eyes glaring at him with indignation. “How dare you act like a rogue and still have the nerve to justify yourself?!” 
“Bella, we were married and have slept together. We’ve done it again, even after our divorce.” 
Bella’s breath hitched, and her lips, red like rose petals, pursed. 
Justin’s voice was strained, tinged with desire, as he remarked “I’ve seen everything about you, even the things others haven’t. If I were to act like you, wouldn’t that be too contrived?”
“Justin, you…” 
Before Bella could finish her sentence, the man disregarded her and leaned in, which made her flinch and shut her eyes. 
“Um…” Bella’s eyebrows furrowed slightly. 
With such a captivating beauty in front of him, Justin’s heartbeat and thoughts were in disarray. Even his breath was hot. 
“Bella, just relax and let go of your hand. How else can I treat your wound like that?” His voice was gentle and soothing, coaxing her. 
Bella could not help but feel her ears tingle at his overly indulgent tone. Her mind was no longer under her control as she obediently put down her trembling arm. 
Justin’s breath grew increasingly erratic. 
His hands trembled as he relied on his determination to skillfully treat Bella’s wound and wrap it with bandages. 
Bella looked at the neatly wrapped bandage on her left arm, feeling deeply moved. 
His emergency first-aid skills remained as professional as ever. It was as if the knowledge he acquired was etched into his DNA, retaining its proficiency even after many years. 
“Thanks. You can…” 
Suddenly, Bella’s vision dimmed as she watched the man lean over and trap her beneath his chest 
“Bella, you can thank me in a different way”
Before she could respond, he could not hold back any longer 
He abruptly sealed her sweet lips, kissing her with increasing audacity and depth, as if he were asserting his dominance 
Bella’s voice became muffled by the intensity of his advances as he took full advantage of her vulnerability and trap her beneath his chest. 
“Bella, you can thank me in a different way.” 
Before she could respond, he could not hold back any longer. 
He abruptly sealed her sweet lips, kissing her with increasing audacity and depth, as if he were asserting his dominance. 
Bella’s voice became muffled by the intensity of his advances as he took full advantage of her vulnerability.
###chapter939
Her eyes glistened with a misty haze, uncertain whether it stemmed from a sense of being taken advantage of or if she was lost in the kiss. Her consciousness gradually drifted away. 
Did such love truly exist? 
The next morning. 
Bella jolted awake to find Justin nowhere to be seen. 
Bella’s heart skipped a beat as she reached out to feel the spot next to her. 
The absence of his warmth on the bed suggested that he had been gone for some time. 
Leaning against the headboard, she felt a hollow ache in her heart, unable to shake off the sense of disappointment. 
After panting and moaning due to the man’s actions the previous night, Bella found her throat parched. At this point, she did not have the time or energy to care about where the man had gone. Instead, she got up and went downstairs to get water. 
As she walked down the stairs, she heard sizzling noises from the kitchen, 
‘Hmm? It smells good and a little burnt…’ Bella’s nerves tensed as she hurried into the kitchen. 
What she saw before her was extraordinarily striking! 
There stood Justin, his sturdy and robust figure facing her, wearing an apron that looked out of place on him. It was almost comical enough to make her laugh.
Yet, it only accentuated his well-proportioned physique, with broad shoulders tapering down to a narrow waist. His shirt sleeves were casually rolled up, revealing his well-defined forearms. As he handled the frying pan, his arms flexed slightly. The muscles tightened, looking powerful, defined, and incredibly manly. 
Bella’s watery eyes narrowed as she silently approached him from behind. 
Since Bella was barefooted, her steps made no sound, allowing her to approach him from behind unnoticed. 
Pssst– 
The frying pan emitted a puff of hot air as Justin raised his hand to wipe away the bead of sweat trickling down his cheek, sighing in frustration. “Ugh, it’s burned again.” 
It was then that Bella noticed the mountain of fried eggs piled up next to the trash can. 
“Haha! You fool! With that blazing heat and boiling oil, you could probably run a chicken farm into the ground.” 
Justin’s heart raced as he turned to face Bella, who met his gaze with her narrowed, cat-like eyes. 
“Did I wake you up?” Justin asked nervously. 
“No, my body clock did. I don’t usually sleep in.” 
Bella gestured toward the trash can and mocked, “Fortunately, Steve isn’t here to witness this. He despises people who waste food more than anything. He may even make you eat all of it.” 
“Well, when I was serving in the army, we were not allowed to waste food. It’s not a big deal to pick it up and eat it,” Justin replied nonchalantly.
He had experienced similar situations in the past.
###chapter940
Bella dismissively waved her hand, well aware of Justin’s occasional stubbornness and that he might actually do it. “I’m just kidding, Mr. Salvador. Don’t take it so seriously. You don’t have to eat it.” 
“I didn’t realize cooking was so challenging. I used to think it was simple when I was watching Wilma cook. But when I tried it myself, I realized it’s a skill barrier I can’t overcome.” 
Justin looked at the chaotic mess he had made of the stove, feeling guilty. “I was thinking about how you cooked for me in the past. That must’ve been quite exhausting and required a lot of thought on your part.” 
Bella blinked, her heart filled with mixed emotions. 
“Initially… I wanted you to wake up to the breakfast I prepared, but it seems I’ll have to ask lan to bring something instead.” 
Justin furrowed his brows lightly as he smiled awkwardly. “Bella, I’m sorry. Please give me some more time to practice. I’ll do better.” 
Bella saw through his thoughts at first glance. 
Throughout the three years of their marriage, this man has never set foot in the kitchen. Wilma also mentioned that it was not because of her that he did not want to spend time in the kitchen. He just disliked the smell of kitchen fumes. 
This particular scent always brought Justin back to his childhood days in the slums, when he and his mother lived next to greasy diners. From dawn to dusk, lying in bed, he could always smell the smoky, oily odor lingering in the air. No matter how hard he tried to wash the scent off their clothes, that greasy smell never seemed to fade away.
Now, Justin was willing to cook for her and engage in tasks he had never attempted before. 
He held her in high regard, ready to disregard all boundaries and principles for her. 
Bella felt a warm surge in her chest as she gently pushed away the dazed Justin standing before her. 
“Alright, please stop making a mess in my kitchen. I’ll handle it.” 
Suddenly, Bella could not help but cough heavily. Inhaling some kitchen fumes had triggered her sensitivity to smoke again. 
Bella thought, ‘This fool! Does he not know how to switch on the range hood?!’ 
“Bella, what’s wrong? Did you catch a cold?” Justin’s concern resurfaced. 
Bella covered her mouth and nose. “It’s nothing. I’m just a little sensitive to smoke. Just open the windows and let some fresh air in. I’ll be fine.” 
‘Sensitive to smoke… She has an allergy?’ Justin’s dark eyes widened with shock. 
‘When did she develop this condition? Or has she always had it, and I just never knew about it? So, for the past three years, when she cooked for me and the entire Salvador family, was she enduring the pain of her allergies all along?’ 
Bella had just picked up the spatula when Justin tightly wrapped his arms around her from behind. 
“Hey, how am I going to cook like this?” 
“Stop cooking. You don’t have to do it ever again.”
Justin buried his face in her neck, his breath heavy, and his eyes reddened with emotion! “I’ll handle it from now on. I’ll learn to make whatever you want to eat.” 
“Forget it. You’re not a culinary prodigy. I can’t count on you.” 
Suddenly, Bella’s eyes narrowed slightly, embarrassed as she tightly pursed her lips, realizing she may have spoken too bluntly. 
Why did she say that? It sounded like they were already an old married couple. It was as if she had assumed they would definitely be living the rest of their lives together.
###chapter941
Justin did not dwell on her words. At this moment, concern and guilt over her smoke allergy consumed his mind. 
“You don’t need to cook. I’ll call lan to deliver breakfast, or maybe have him come over to cook. While his cooking skills may not match Mr. Lovett’s, they’re good enough.” 
Justin then noticed that Bella was barefoot, her delicate feet exposed. He furrowed his brows and, without hesitation, grabbed her slender waist and effortlessly lifted her up. 
“Hey! What are you doing?!” Bella exclaimed, her hands hurriedly gripping his broad shoulders. 
“How can you be so neglectful of yourself? The floor tiles are freezing. Why would you walk around barefoot?” 
Justin gently placed Bella on the table, kneeling in front of her. He took both her feet, one by one, in his hands, holding them close to warm them. 
So warm… It was the warmth Bella was familiar with. 
Bella felt so comfortable that her eyes narrowed slightly in contentment, but she did not dare to display her contentment too overtly. 
“Wilma once emphasized the importance of girls keeping their feet warm. Otherwise, health issues may arise later in life.” 
Justin lifted his face to look at her, his eyes filled with both tenderness and reproach. “Please don’t walk around barefoot ever again.”
“I only did that because I was in a hurry!” Feeling lectured, Bella pouted out a response. 
Justin was slightly surprised, then playfully lifted his lips. “In a hurry? What’s the rush? Were you afraid that I’d run away?” 
Bella blushed at his words, her fair cheeks turning rosy. Her toes curled slightly in his palm. 
“How could I leave while you were still sleeping? I will never leave you here alone.” 
How could he bear leaving anyway? 
In fact, he wished he could just move into her house and sleep by her side every night. He wanted a place in her heart. 
Justin’s hands roamed up her slender legs, gradually standing up straight, supporting her waist, and bending down to kiss her forehead. 
Yet he was not satisfied with just that. He would never have enough of her. 
Bella’s skin flushed, and a shy blush crept onto her fair face. 
Even though they had just been intimate, whenever he drew near, she still felt like a shy bud about to bloom. 
Just as Justin’s lips were about to touch her tender spot, the doorbell rang. 
Ding-dong–Ding-dong–Ding-dong– 
Justin had no intention of answering the door, but the doorbell just kept ringing incessantly, 
What a mood killer!
Bella felt flustered and coughed lightly, hurriedly pushing Justin aside. “What’s going on? Who’s ringing the doorbell? Only my brothers know about this place, and they all have the passcode to the door.” 
“It’s lan.” 
Justin thought of his scatterbrained secretary and felt a surge of frustration. “I told him to come here if he had gathered any new information.” 
“What information?” 
“Information about Shannon and the perpetrator.” 
Bella’s eyes instantly lit up with understanding, impatiently wanting to jump off the table. 
The next moment, she found herself lifted off the ground by Justin with one arm! 
“You’re not wearing shoes. It’s better to keep your feet off the ground.” 
Bella widened her eyes in astonishment, surprised by his strength . The only memory she had of being carried like this was when she was a child. Wyatt used to do it often, but back then, she was much younger and lighter. 
Her hormones went into overdrive.
###chapter942
Justin walked to the entrance amidst Bella’s protest and then opened the door. 
“M-Mr. Salvador?” 
lan saw Justin carrying Bella in his arms like he would hold a baby, both still disheveled, looking as if they had just woken up. 
Oh gosh! 
lan’s perspective on them underwent a complete upheaval. His mind drifted to improper fantasies. His face turned red, and his jaw dropped. ‘Could it be?! Did this power couple finally reconcile? Can I finally rest in peace?!’ 
“Justin, put me down!” Bella’s face burned with embarrassment, unable to find a place to hide as she gasped out her protest in his ears. 
“Ms. Thompson, may I also come in?” 
Another familiar voice chimed in lazily. 
Justin and Bella widened their eyes when they saw Ryan standing behind lan, appearing out of nowhere. 
Ryan squinted his charming eyes and grinned as he sized them up. 
That grin looked especially mischievous and teasing. 
“Congrats, buddy.”
“Congrats on what?” Justin stared at him coldly. 
“Congrats on not having to stand outside and get struck by lightning,” Ryan said, casting a meaningful glance at Bella. 
Bella remained silent, feeling awkward. 
Justin’s frustration was evident on his face. “Well, if you have something to say, spit it out now or leave.” 
“I do have something to say! I wouldn’t have come if I didn’t have anything to say. So, will the lovely couple let me in?” Ryan asked with a playful grin. 
“Come in,” said Justin. 
“Who the hell is a couple?!” Bella protested. 
Ignoring Bella’s protest, Ryan brazenly entered the house. 
Justin gently placed Bella down and knelt down to help her put on her home slippers. 
Once Bella wore her slippers, she quickly distanced herself from Justin. But her actions made her appear more guilty, as if she were trying to avoid suspicion. 
The four of them moved to the living room, with Justin sitting beside Bella, so close that she could not move away. He naturally reached out his arm, wanting to wrap it around her waist, but she instinctively leaned away, refusing his touch. 
The man could not help but frown and smile wryly. He had to wait until she was not paying attention to play with her hair cascading down her back.
Justin thought, ‘How petty of you, Bella. You’re not as passionate as you were last night.’ 
It was only then that Bella realized Justin had instructed lan to track and investigate Shannon these past few days. 
This was the reason Ryan eagerly followed along. He had also gathered some crucial leads, eager to report back to Justin. 
“Did Shannon meet that scumbag named Winston?” Justin asked with a darkened gaze. 
“No. Given the current tense situation, Shannon wouldn’t dare to meet Winston. It would be like walking into a trap herself, exposing their crimes to the whole world.” 
lan, thirsty, quickly drank some water before continuing, “I found out that she met up with the President of the Savrow Bank.” 
“Is she planning to transfer a huge sum of money?” Bella asked promptly, her mind sharp as ever.
###chapter943
lan gave Bella a thumbs up. “Young Madam, you’re as sharp as ever!” 
Justin grinned, pleased with the way lan addressed Bella. 
Bella felt a mix of embarrassment and irritation, but her curiosity drove her to ask for more. “Keep going!” 
“Then I found out that she has a secret account at Regarton Bank. 
The exact amount in the account is unclear. However, I managed to uncover the sum she transferred from that account to Savrow Bank this time. It was a whopping $200 million!” 
“$200 million? Damn, it seems like this old hag has been saving quite a sum for herself,” Ryan remarked, raising an eyebrow in amusement. 
“That’s probably the hush money and escape funds demanded by 
Winston,” Justin replied with a cold chuckle, his expression showing contempt. 
“What surprises me even more is how easily Shannon could access such a large sum of money. On top of that, it’s from an account from Regarton Bank!” lan exclaimed, clearly taken aback. 
“As far as I know, Shannon has some shares from the Salvador 
Corporation and has been receiving dividends over the years. She probably has more than $200 million now. So, it’s plausible,” Bella stated, her brow furrowing in thought as she tapped her chin. 
“Shannon may have a substantial amount of money, but every penny is still under Gregory’s control. Her assets in the Salvador family’s account are completely transparent. Gregory’s management of her
finances is a form of control over her. Therefore, the funds in the 
Regarton Bank account must be her secret funds. Besides, the source of these funds is unclear. I’ve always had evidence that Shannon used Bethany’s boutique to attract influential figures to engage in bribery and money laundering. However, no matter how hard they try, it would be difficult for them to earn $200 million through that boutique,” Justin explained. 
“If you’ve always had evidence, why didn’t you use it to take them down?” Bella turned toward him, a tinge of resentment evident in her expression. 
Justin’s eyes darkened as he gently released her hair. His palm silently settled on her waist instead. 
His touch was so gentle that Bella did not notice a thing. 
However, their intimate moment left the “third wheels” gaping in disbelief, their teeth gnashing with envy. 
“First of all, targeting a mere boutique wouldn’t cripple Shannon and Bethany. Besides, Gregory would spare no effort to shield them. If I had acted impulsively, it would indirectly harm the Salvador Corporation, leading to stock fluctuations and immeasurable losses,” Justin explained. 
Bella nodded slowly, understanding his predicament at the time. 
Justin was not Gregory’s only son. In fact, to outsiders, he was the illegitimate child who had risen to power. The legitimate heir was also still in the picture. 
Bella knew how difficult it was for Justin to rise to his position as president. She was also aware of the precariousness of his situation over the years. 
If he lost power in the Salvador Corporation, he would be at the mercy of others. And for the sake of his mother, he had to stand his ground.
As he recalled the tragic loss of his mother, Justin was suddenly overwhelmed with profound sorrow, his breath growing heavy. “At that time, I didn’t know that Shannon was the one responsible for my mother’s death. So, I chose not to expose this matter for the time being. Bella, you must think that I’m weak and useless, right? I feel like I’m nothing but a useless fool.” 
As these words left Justin’s lips, both Ryan and lan were shocked to the core, as if struck by lightning. 
After all, they had just met up with Justin. Thanks to Bella’s presence, 
Justin’s emotions had calmed considerably. Naturally, there was not an opportunity to share this with them. 
Bella’s heart ached at the sight of her man’s desolate gaze. 
Her eyes welled up slightly, wanting to reach out to comfort him. 
However, her conflicted emotions held her back. She spoke gently, 
It’s not your fault. You were just a child back then, unaware of how cruel people can be. Revenge is a dish best served cold. It’s never too late to avenge your mother.” 
Justin looked up in astonishment, meeting her determined gaze. 
If it were not for the two clueless men present, Justin would have wanted to embrace her tightly, kiss her passionately, and shower her with affection. “Besides, you’re right about something. The evidence you have at the 
moment won’t do much against Shannon and Bethany. Gregory will spare no effort to protect them. Even if Shannon gets convicted, she won’t serve many years, and Gregory will find top-notch lawyers
like Hunter Lovett to bail her out. Even if she gets sentenced for three to five years, she’ll probably be released early.” 
“So, we must make sure that wretched woman faces all her charges and serves her time behind bars!” lan erupted in anger, standing up indignantly. 
“But will that be enough?”
###chapter944
Bella and Justin were suddenly in perfect sync, both saying, “An eye for an eye, a life for a life. She deserves the death penalty!” 
“Exactly! Death penalty!” lan nodded vigorously, his anger evident. 
“No, but seriously, what did Chairman Salvador see in Shannon? She lacks humanity and relies solely on her looks, which are mediocre at best! Grandpa Nigel is a man of integrity, so how did he end up with such a tasteless son like this?” 
Ryan’s fists clenched as fury consumed him. “What will it take to make your father see the truth about this wretched woman?” 
lan smoothly responded, “Well, unless Chairman Salvador finds out that Shannon has been unfaithful to him and has an illegitimate child out there, he will prioritize his reputation above all else. Men in high positions, like Chairman Salvador, will not back her up anymore if he learns that his wife has cheated on him. Only a spineless man would tolerate such a thing!” 
“Yeah, she had cheated on him not just once but three times.” Bella’s eyes narrowed with a cold glint. 
The three men’s expressions mirrored one another. 
“I’m aware of Harry Young’s affair with her, but who else?” Justin fixed his gaze on Bella. 
“Do you remember Dr. Fairchild mentioned by Shannon in the recording we heard at the police station?” 
Justin noticed a cunning glint in his woman’s eyes and quickly caught on. “He’s the one you planted beside Shannon?”
“You’re sharp as ever, Justin.” 
Bella, unusually, praised him, causing Justin to blush. “He’s a student sponsored by the KS Group. I’ve known him since school. He’s willing to be part of our revenge team as a way of repaying the favor.” 
She knew him since school? 
Justin’s internal alarms blared as he asked solemnly, “Is he a guy?” 
“Justin, are you not listening? Shannon’s lover can’t possibly be a woman, right?” Ryan raised an eyebrow, feeling that the lovestruck 
Justin was acting a bit foolish. 
Justin’s demeanor turned sour. 
“What’s this? Are you jealous?” 
Being his only best friend, Ryan knew him too well and could not resist teasing him. “Hmm, it’s natural to be a little jealous. After he’s a doctor. He has a good job, and considering how he got sponsored by the KS Group, he must be a top student. Besides, t fact that he was able to attract Shannon means that he’s probabl quite good-looking. Older women tend to like younger, lively guys. 
Who knows, maybe Dr. Fairchild is a younger, more energetic guy that gives out “golden retriever” vibes compared to you.” 
Justin took a deep breath, his gaze sharp as a knife as it darted toward Ryan’s face, which was practically begging for a punch. 
“If Dr. Fairchild were to pursue Bella Bella might’ve considered it. Am I right, Bella?”
Bella ‘smiled and nodded. “Yeah, that’s possible.” 
Justin’s eyes flashed with anger. 
But they got back to the main point. 
“So… Young Madam, are you suggesting that it was your plan to have Dr. Fairchild seduce Shannon?” lan asked, surprised. 
“There’s more to that.” 
Bella waved her slender fingers. “Shannon also developed a drug addiction.” 
The three men were in shock. 
“She injected herself with a banned substance, typically used for clinical anesthesia. However, many elites and celebrities also secretly arrange appointments for themselves to receive injections of this drug. Over time, they would become heavily dependent on it. If the dosage is too high, they’d gradually lose mental clarity, lose contro their actions, and even lose control of bodily functions.” Bella’s ey dimmed, flickering with icy determination. 
She remembered all the suffering Aunt Celeste had endured becaus of that wicked woman, Shannon. Her fists clenched tightly, and he eyes reddened. 
Bella thought, ‘Shannon, how can you atone for your sins? You must suffer a million times more than those you’ve harmed to truly repent!’
###chapter945
Since Shannon stored her $200 million in Regarton Bank, it implied that all the funds in her account were the proceeds of corruption. 
The effortless access to such a significant sum suggests that her embezzlement amount was astronomical, likely extracted from various parts of the Salvador Corporation, as well as bribes she received leveraging her position as the chairman’s wife. 
“lan, has Shannon transferred the funds to Winston ?” Justin asked with a deep gaze. 
“Yes, she transferred it,” lan replied. 
“Has he withdrawn it?” 
“Not yet. With such a large sum, he’ll need a truck to transport it. 
Using cash would draw him too much attention, and he still needs to make his escape,” lan explained. 
Justin nodded in agreement. “Very well. Contact the authorities immediately to freeze Winston’s account.” 
“Yes, Mr. Salvador!” lan immediately stood up to carry out the instructions. 
Indeed, the police would be of help when it comes to freezing accounts. 
“Hah, if that bastard fails to get his hands on the money, he’ll probably get anxious and turn against Shannon.” 
Bella’s sharp, pènetrating gaze conveyed confidence. “Right now, all we have to do is track down Winston. Once we catch him, he won’t hesitate to spill all of Shannon’s dirty secrets.”
“I have news about that guy.” With a hint of mischief in his demeanor, Ryan casually crossed his legs and dropped this bombshell. 
Bella and Justin reacted in surprise, “What?!” 
“Why else would I suddenly come over to see you guys? For a casual visit? Even if I were to do that, I’d bring my girlfriend along.” 
Ryan’s left arm draped over the back of the sofa, in a manner befitting a mafia boss. “The Hoffmans received a lead when searching the Southbay Pier. Two fishermen spotted Winston sneaking onto a cargo ship bound for Terranova at midnight two days ago. It seems like he’s planning to sneak out of the country.” 
“Terranova ? Do you think he might stop in other countries along the way?” Bella frowned with concern. 
“That’s possible. But the two countries along the route are desol wastelands. What’s he going to do there with $200 million? Work a laborer?” 
Ryan continued, “That’s why I’ve instructed my men to secretly track him down. We’ll check all the other ports in other countries along the route, but it’s best not to alert anyone prematurely. If he decides to abandon the ship midway or switch to another vessel, like a yacht or dinghy, it’ll significantly complicate our efforts to capture him. Bella, 
Justin, don’t worry. Even if he manages to leave the country and evade immediate capture by the authorities, the Hoffmans will make sure he’s brought back to you in one piece.” 
Smuggling goods across borders was a skill the Hoffmans excelled in. After all, it was the foundation on which they built their empire.
“My eldest brother also has connections in Terranova. I’ll contact him soon. We can work with him and catch Winston without him knowing we’re having our eyes on him,” Bella said eagerly, itching to get involved in the operation itself. 
“Ah, it would be even better if Asher could lend a hand!” Ryan grinned. 
Justin’s sharp gaze turned into darts, piercing Ryan’s flattering face with cold disdain. ‘When did this guy learn to be so groveling? Who is this pathetic expression he put on for?!’ 
With both Justin and Ryan delivering good news, Bella wore a smile on her face. 
As the host, Bella still possessed the most basic manners. She headed to the bar to serve them some drinks. 
While Bella was away, Ryan shuffled over to sit beside Justin, leaning in close to him. 
“Are you cold or something?” Justin asked in a cool tone. 
“Huh? Not at all.”
###chapter946
Justin said, “Get away from me! I don’t like the scent of your cologne.” 
“Why are you so fussy? Who cares if you like it or not? Carrie likes it. That’s all that matters!” 
As he spoke, Ryan examined Justin’s face closely. Suddenly, he noticed a mark on Justin’s neck and narrowed his eyes. With a lowered voice, Ryan asked, “Justin, did you have sex last night?” 
“How did you know?” 
Justin blinked in surprise. Despite his attempt to hold back his emotions, a faint smile played on his lips. 
Ryan couldn’t resist commenting. “Jeez, you’ve practically got the post-sex look plastered all over your face! Do you even realize how obvious you were earlier? One glance was all it took for me to figure it out.” 
“Is there a problem with that?” Justin retorted as he met Ryan’s gaze. 
His voice was soft as he asked, “Can’t I do something I enjoy with my future wife?” 
“We’re all adults here. If you both consented to it, then there’s nothing wrong with it. But did you take precautions?” 
“Precautions?” Justin was slightly taken aback. 
“Did you bring condoms the last time you had sex?” Ryan asked without any hint of embarrassment. After all, Justin has only had sex with Bella without any prior experience. 
‘The last time..’
Justin replied honestly, “Probably not. I was drunk. I couldn’t even remember anything.” 
“Well, what about this time?” Ryan pressed, waiting for Justin’s response. 
Justin remained silent. 
“There’s a high possibility she might get pregnant.” 
Ryan draped his arm over Justin’s shoulder, exhaling heavily with a tone of genuine concern. “Brother, next time, make sure to bring protection. Your relationship has just reached a milestone. You should handle it with care..If you genuinely care for her, don’t let her get pregnant before marriage. She’s Wyatt Thompson’s daughter, showered with endless affection. You should cherish her. If word gets out about a pregnancy before marriage, especially with her ex- husband, it won’t sound good at all. A girl’s reputation is invaluable.” 
“Ryan.” 
Justin slowly turned to look at Ryan. His eyes were filled with affection as he spoke deliberately, “If Bella ends up getting pregnant with my child, I will definitely take responsibility. She means everything to me. Whether she chooses to marry me or not, I still consider her my wife.” 
He continued, “If she does get pregnant, I’ll go to the Thompson family to propose and have a grand wedding. This time, it will be perfect in every way. I’ll fulfill everything I couldn’t give her before.” 
Ryan remarked. “Wow, you’re thinking really far ahead, but who knows if Bella is willing to marry you again?” 
Unable to contain his thoughts about parenthood, Ryan continued, ” Buddy, once I marry Carrie, I plan to have five children with her. What about you and Bella? Both of you could definitely build a small nation together! Are you aiming for as many heirs as Wyatt Thompson to carry on the family legacy?”
Justin replied, “If that’s what Bella wants, then I’m fine with it.” His gaze was filled with excitement for what lay ahead. 
“Do you like children? I’ve always had a soft spot for them. I dream of having my own someday.”
###chapter947
Ryan fantasized about a future with Carrie where they would stroll around the amusement park with their children. He was so thrilled that he couldn’t stop smiling. 
Justin slowly closed his eyes, feeling the stir of irresistible emotions in his heart as he pictured Bella’s shy and lovely face. 
“Yeah, I do love children as well.” 
He adored children, but that was only if he were to have them with Bella. 
The two men talked excitedly, unaware that on the other side of the wall, Bella trembled while holding a tray as every word deeply affected her. ‘I love children too… I once dreamed of having children with him too. But if he’s counting on me for his future plans, I’m afraid he might never get what wishes for in this lifetime.’ 
Bella took a deep breath and leaned against the wall as tears welled up in her eyes. Slowly sinking down, she felt her strength slip away. 
Regardless of whether they had children or not, it didn’t matter to her at all. 
Ever since she had a miscarriage, she knew she could never conceive again. 
* 
The word about Bella bringing Justin home for the night quickly spread and reached Asher. 
He was really concerned about his troublesome little sister. Initially, he intended to rush over and intervene, maybe even confront Justin and beat him for what he had done to his sister in the past.
Unexpectedly, Drew stopped him. 
“Ash, what’s the point of rushing over now? The night is already over, and they’re not kids anymore. Can you really stop them from doing what they want?” 
“What do you mean?” 
Asher looked at him in shock and said, “Are you actually supporting them as a couple?” 
Drew said frankly, “At the very least, I don’t support Bella being with Christopher.” 
“Even so, you’re just saying she should accept less than what she deserves. Neither Justin nor Christopher is right for Bella,” Asher said as he shook his head with frustration. 
“But Justin genuinely cares for Bella. Yes, he’s made mistakes in the past, but he’s shown remorse and has gone out of his way to make amends for hurting her. Christopher, on the other hand, feels off. I haven’t really spent much time with him, but there’s something off about him when it comes to Bella. It feels like he has some kind of ulterior motive.” 
Drew continued, “Besides, Wyatt used to be indifferent toward him, but these days, his behavior has changed drastically. Can we really say that guy hasn’t schemed something behind Wyatt’s back?” 
Although Drew rarely meddled in family matters, this issue was so important for Bella’s lifelong happiness that he could not disregard it. 
Asher’s brows furrowed tightly as he fell into deep contemplation. 
Although Drew was the black sheep of the family, he always provided powerful insights at important times.
“I’ve also had my doubts about everything you mentioned. It’s because I discovered that when Dad and our three stepmothers returned to the Savrow, they came to the hospital with Christopher. However, only Dad went upstairs while Christopher remained downstairs, seemingly trying to avoid suspicion. On that day, Dad actually told me he wanted Bella to marry Christopher to form an alliance with the Iversons. At that time, both Axel and I strongly ed to it. But I don’t know what got into Dad that he was so adamant about it.” 
“No, I don’t agree with this marriage!”
###chapter948
Drew’s eyebrows furrowed. In a fit of anger, he crushed the glass barehanded. 
Asher flinched, instinctively moving back to avoid the shards of glass flying toward him. 
“If Wyatt dares to allow Bella to marry into the Iverson family, even if I don’t take Christopher’s life, I’ll even make sure that he won’t be able to have kids!” 
At that moment, the door swung open. To their surprise, Arnold confidently entered with a serving tray, startling both of them. 
“We were in the middle of a conversation, Mr. Larson. Shouldn’t you have knocked as a matter of courtesy?” Asher’s expression showed a hint of helplessness but no sign of any resentment. 
“Can’t you see my hands are occupied!” Arnold snapped back as he narrowed his eyes. He walked over and placed the tray on the coffee table with an exasperated huff. 
With a sarcastic tone, he added, “I used my butt to push the door open, cousin.” Arnold addressed Asher mockingly. “If you think I’m impolite, I can go out and knock again.” 
Drew smirked as he pulled out a cigarette and placed it between his lips, observing Arnold from head to toe with amusement. 
“Is there anything you need?” Asher asked as he lowered his gaze. 
“My aunt personally made some chicken soup and asked me to bring it to you two.” Arnold deliberately adopted a passive stance, just to annoy Asher.
“I don’t like soup. Could you grab a beer from the hall? Preferably chilled,” Drew said as he casually crossed his legs on the edge of the coffee table, shaking the cigarette between his lips up and down. 
“Got a light? Help me out.” 
Arnold snapped, “You! You’re pushing it too far!” 
His face turned red with anger as he felt that Drew was pushing his luck. He wished he could pour the hot chicken soup over Drew’s head for his attitude. Did Drew really believe he could command Arnold like a servant? 
“Drew, stop fooling around.” 
Asher, who had been silent, finally spoke calmly with his deep, captivating voice, which Arnold found seductive. 
“Mr. Larson is Aunt Mila’s nephew, and he’s our guest. Let’s not jo around without boundaries.” 
“Okay, okay! I get it. I have no boundaries, no sense of moderation, manners, and no shame. I’ll leave, so I won’t bother anyone.” 
Drew took back his cigarette, stood up gracefully, and casually took a sip from the bowl before smacking his lips. 
He remarked, “It’s too bland.” 
Arnold’s eyes widened in disbelief. Wyatt’s children were all excellent individuals. Yet it seemed chaos followed Drew. He seemed like an entirely different person compared to the rest, almost as if his genes were mutated! 
Drew left the study as he yawned.
With only Asher and Arnold remaining, the room suddenly became quiet. There was a subtle tension between them. 
Asher didn’t even glance up at Arnold. 
Arnold’s breath shook as he approached Asher. “Has anyone ever told you how damn irresistible you look with glasses?” 
Asher took a deep breath. He lowered his gaze before suddenly pushing Arnold, making him stumble awkwardly despite his quick reaction.
###chapter949
Chapter 949
With a loud bang, Arnold’s back slammed into the bookshelf, sending books tumbling down. A book fell on his head, making his ears buzz with pain.
Arnold said in shock, “Asher! What are you doing?”
“I warned you, but you didn’t listen.” Asher realized that Arnold was hurt. He felt a surge of emotions, but he quickly regained his composure. “Arnold, my sister asked for your help, but that doesn’t mean you can take advantage of me. The incident from that night ends here. If you behave, we can still consider each other relatives. But if this happens again, I don’t even know what I'll do next time.”
Asher had always been known for having a fiery temper compared to the other Thompson siblings. If this had happened ten years ago, he would have incapacitated any man who dared to get close to him like this without any hesitation.
Arnold’s fingers clenched tightly as he spoke with a trembling voice. “Asher, are you not acknowledging what happened between us that night?”
“We hugged and kissed. So what?” Asher slowly swiveled the leather chair to face Arnold. He took off his glasses and sneered with a restrained and cold expression. “Everything ends here. Arnold, deep down, you know what really happened that night. If it weren’t for you taking the initiative, nothing would have happened.”
“Asher, you could have refused me like you did earlier. But you didn’t!” Arnold shot him an angry glare, like a tousled fox with its fur standing on end. “So you do have feelings for me after all! Even if I stripped naked and threw myself into your arms, nothing would have happened without your consent!”
“Arnold, I’ve looked into you. Your love life in Meridan was quite diverse. I heard you explored the gay community there extensively and had numerous relationships with men. The number of men you were with is uncountable.”
“Asher...” Arnold was taken aback by Asher’s question, feeling incredibly vulnerable at that moment.
“I need to know,” Asher continued. “Did you truly have feelings for those men when you slept with them?” Arnold felt a sharp pang in his chest.
‘Feelings?’ He had never truly had feelings for anyone. Those one-night stands were merely to get through the lonely nights. He was just lonely and craved some company.
“You probably have the answer deep down in your heart. Coincidentally, my feelings for you are the same as what you're thinking.” Asher’s expression remained cold. “We're all adults here, Arnold. Stop playing games.”
Arnold felt a sudden surge of pain in his heart, but before he could speak, there was a knock on the door.
“Asher, Arnold, are you in there? Can I come in?” Mila’s voice followed.
Asher took a deep breath as he stood up and walked to the door, opening it himself. “Aunt Mila,” Asher greeted her, instantly putting on a gentle smile.
“Asher, are you two chatting? I heard something fall in the study... Is everything okay?” Mila asked as she cautiously glanced into the study.
“Everything is okay, Aunt Mila. Are you looking for me or Arnold?” Asher asked calmly.
“Mainly you.” Mila paused for a moment and whispered, “Next week, I'll be attending a grand horse racing event in Savrow with Wyatt. This event is very important for a major project collaboration.”
Then she quickly added, “I've suggested that Wyatt and others go as well. But the Salvadors will also be there. That means Shannon is bound to be present. Celeste definitely wouldn’t attend, while Sasha is interested in the horse racing event. However, if we all go, the media might make a fuss.”
Asher said understandingly, “Aunt Mila, I understand. You don’t have to explain. Over the years, you've accompanied Dad to many significant events. It’s your composed manner and thoughtful consideration that make Dad feel at ease with you by his side.”
“Wyatt also mentioned that not only the Salvadors will be there on that day, but also the Hoffmans and the Iversons.” Asher responded with a darkened expression, “I understand. I'll make sure Bella doesn’t attend the event.”
Mila sighed, appearing extremely concerned. “I had a feeling you would say that. I discussed it with Wyatt, but your father insisted that Bella go. He said there’s something important to discuss.”
“Something important?” Asher frowned.
“I pressed Wyatt for details, but he wouldn’t budge.”
###chapter950
Chapter 950
Mila couldn't help but worry. “Asher, you must attend with her on that day. No matter what happens, we must do
our best to protect Bella
and not let anyone bully her.”
“Of course. Aunt Mila. Thank you for lettingknow.”
After Asher left, Mila entered the study.
“Arnold, what happened earlier? Did you have a fight with Asher?”
Arnold crouched down, picking up the scattered books from the ground one by one, with his back facing Mila, his
voice muffled.
“No, it's nothing.”
“Stop lying. The argument was so loud that | could hear it from
outside. | just couldn't make out what you were saying.”
Mila scolded him with a resentful expression on her face. “Asher has
always been calm. In all these years, I've never seen him lose his temper. You've only been here for a few days,
and you've already
upset him like this? It must be your fault!”
Arnold becagitated upon hearing this. “What did | do wrong? He's the one who wronged me!”
“Arnold! Stop making excuses! You've had your freedom out there for years with no one to control you, and now
you've beceven more arrogant and reckless!”
“If you want to live with the Thompson family, then getting along with everyone is important. But | can leave any t| want. | don’t need to curry favor with them!”
Arnold suddenly felt that the words he had uttered were too harsh, but it was too late to regret them.
Mila’s expression dimmed as bitterness rose in her heart. The air grew tense and quiet.
Arnold pursed his lips, feeling embarrassed. But before he could say something to ease the tension, Mila said
softly, “I'm sorry, Arnold. | know I've embarrassed you and the entire Larson family. I'm forever the black sheep
of the Larson family.”
“Aunt Mila, | didn’t mean that. I...”
“I know. | don’t deserve to be your aunt, let alone control you. I'm glad you cback this time. Just make sure
to look after yourself from now on.”
With a somber expression, Mila lowered her head and left the room.
“Aunt Mila!”
Arnold's guilt intensified, and he was about to chase after Mila when something suddenly caught his attention.
A secret compartment in the empty section of the bookshelf stood out.
It would be impossible to detect if there were books covering it.
Arnold hesitated and reached into it, only to find it empty.
A strong wave of curiosity washed over him as he pursed his lips with a mix of emotions.
After Ryan and lan left, Justin never saw Bella cout of her room again. When it was tfor dinner, despite
his persistent knocking on the door, she refused to cout. She kept giving excuses that she felt unwell and
had no appetite.
Justin couldn’t understand what was wrong with her. She had been perfectly fine earlier that morning, so why did
she change so drastically? He stood at the door, racking his brain to figure out where he might have made a
mistake.
But he hadn’t done anything wrong. In fact, he hadn't done anything at all.
Just as Justin started feeling overwhelmed and helpless, the doorbell rang downstairs.
At that moment, Bella’s door also opened, and she stepped out wearing a peach-colored robe. Inadvertently, she
bumped into Justin. and felt the impact of his strong muscles against her forehead.
“Why are you standing at the door like a guard? It’s such a rela afternoon. Aren’t you going to take a nap?” Bella
rubbed her forehe
gently, her tone somewhat cold.
Justin held her with both hands, gazing deeply into her eyes, palms sweaty. “I was worried about you, so I've
been waiting at the door.”
Then he reached up to touch her forehead. “Thankfully, you don’t have a fever. Is something bothering you?”
“It’s nothing.”
###chapter951
Bella looked down and gently moved his hand aside.
“Perhaps it would be best to open the door first,” Bella said as she walked past him.
Justin could sense that she was in a bad mood, as if she harbored sresentment toward him.
Bella hurried to the entrance and opened the door.
“Wilma!”
“Young Madam!” Wilma called out, immediately dropping the package in her hand and giving Bella a big hug.
“Oh gosh! Young Madam, I've missed you so much!” Wilma said this tearfully. She was in her fifties, yet she
sobbed uncontrollably like a child.
“I missed you too. Seeing you in good health makesfeel relieved,”
Bella said as she comforted Wilma with tears in her eyes.
Justin followed behind and was surprised to see Wilma at the door.
He realized that it was Bella who had invited her over.
“Wilma, Mr. Salvador hasn't been feeling well lately. With my busy
schedule, I'm afraid | won't be able to take care of him. That's why I've reached out to you for help,” Bella explained gently.
“I would be more than happy to help! Seeing Young Madam willing to take care of Young Master like this....”
Wilma spoke as tears started to well up again.
Wilma never imagined that she would witness the young master and young madam being together once again!
This brought her immense joy.
As Justin listened, a heavy weight settled in his chest. Bella was an incredibly independent person, never one to
burden others with her troubles. He knew this better than anyone.
Yet she had asked Wilma to chere, all the way from Tideview Manor. There could only be one reason-she no
longer wanted to be alone with him.
Unwilling to bear his presence yet unable to send him away, Bella could only reach out to someone whom they
were both familiar with to avoid the awkwardness of being alone together.
As this realization dawned on him, Justin clenched his hands tightly and felt a growing weight in his chest. It was
difficult for him to accept what was happening.
Only last night, they had been wrapped in each other's embrace, sharing intimate moments. Yet now, it seems
as though none of that happened.
This emotion was really getting to him, almost making it hard for him to breathe.
Wilma had just arrived and wasted no tdiving into action. Even though it was late, she insisted on doing the
chores, brushing off any attempts to stop her. She buzzed around like a bee, tirelessly attending to one task after another.
After dinner, Bella intended to clean the dishes, but Justin stopped her and insisted on doing it himself.
Wilma hurriedly intervened. “Young Master Justin, are you joking?
You've never done such strenuous work! Stop it, letdo it!”
“It’s fine. | used to wash the dishes when | was younger,” Justin said casually as he put on the gloves.
His words were unintentional, but Bella was deeply affected by them. She realized she knew very little about his
childhood, despite always being by his side.
Justin and Wilma stayed in the kitchen, while Bella returned to her room alone. It was obvious she was avoiding
any interaction with Justin.
Seeing Bella's reaction, Justin felt breathless and weak. Love made
him feel overwhelmed with fear and uncertainty.
“Young Master Justin, letdo it. You look so pale,” Wilma said as she took the plate from his hands, her
expression full of concern.
“Wilma, could you go upstairs later and have a conversation with Bella?”
“What's the matter? Have you two made up only to have another falling out?”
Wilma felt sorry for Justin as she noticed his distressed and lost expression.
“Wilma, it seems like | just can’t understand Bella, no matter how hard
| try. It’s difficult forto connect with her.”
Justin let out a deep sigh, clearly upset. “I hope that you can talk with
Bella. When we were at Tideview Manor, she was closest to you. Perhaps she will feel more comfortable opening
up to you and sharing things that she’s keeping from me.”
###chapter952
After taking a bath and completing her skincare routine, Bella sank onto the bed with a heavy sigh.
In the past, dealing with a despicable man like this wouldn't have fazed her. She might have been off having fun
with her brothers
instead.
However, overhearing the conversation between Justin and Ryan earlier had truly taken a toll on her. It stirred up
painful memories, leaving her feeling emotionally overwhelmed. At this moment, she
had no desire to even look at Justin.
She knew that she couldn't solely blJustin for the loss of their child, but she found it difficult to let go of this
pain in her heart.
Choosing to avoid the topic and not thinking about it didn’t mean she
had moved on.
Suddenly, a knock on the door interrupted her thoughts. Bella
assumed it was Justin coming to bother her again. She closed her eyes, intending to ignore it from beneath the
covers.
“Young Madam, it's me, Wilma. Are you asleep? I've warmed a cup of milk for you. If you haven't slept, you
should have some.” Wilma's.
voice rang out, brimming with warmth and familiarity.
Bella sat up abruptly and hurried off the bed to open the door for Wilma. As expected, Wilma stood there with a
cup of milk, her smile
radiating warmth. Bella couldn’t help but glance around
Follow on Nov?lEnglish.n?t

subconsciously.
“Young Master Justin isn’t here. It's just me,” Wilma said. She could see through Bella's thoughts with a single glance.
Feeling embarrassed, Bella nervously bit her lip and invited Wilma inside.
The two women engaged in a heartfelt conversation that resembled that of a mother and daughter. Wilma
showed genuine concern for Bella's well-being. Every word she spoke brought comfort to Bella's heart.
Noticing that Bella had finished her milk, Wilma smiled with contentment and gently took her hand, guiding her to the sofa to sit down.
“Young Madam, the young master has confided many things to me.’
Hearing this caused Bella's heart to skip a beat. “Including the part about Shannon's plot to kill Mrs. Salvador?”
Wilma’s eyes widened tically, her grip on Bella’s hand suddenly becoming tighter as her palm began to
sweat. “Is it true? Was Shannon responsible for it?!”
Bella realized that Justin had downplayed the severity of the situation
and hadn't told Wilma about this crucial information.
She quickly recounted it, feeling somewhat remorseful for overlooking Justin's effort to keep this secret.
“Oh dear... Oh dear!”
Wilma let out a deep sigh, her eyes red with tears. “Actually, | had suspected Shannon. for a long time. Apart from her, who else could have targeted Madam at that time? Both Rosalind and Bethany were just kids back then. How could they have killed someone?”
Bella's gaze darkened gradually.
Who said children were incapable of evil deeds? Although they lacked
the ability to plot schemes as intricate and malicious as Shannon's, both Bethany and Rosalind spread rumors that harmed Mary while
she suffered from severe depression. This caused her immense suffering and humiliation.
Skids were not as innocent as they seemed, but rather demons who had yet to mature.
“But Young Madam, this is just my assumption. | don’t have any proof.” Wilma sobbed uncontrollably, overwhelmed with pain and guilt. “If | had spoken up about Shannon's
involvement in Mrs.
Salvador’s death back then, it would have been difficult fortoo.”
She added, “Young Master Justin was still a child at that time. | promised Madam to take care of the young master as if he were my own son. If | couldn't stay with the Salvador family, he would hay been in an even more dire situation.
“Wilma, now that things have reached this point, | want to ask you something.” Bella finally asked the question
that had been buried in her heart for too long. “What exactly did Justin go through when he
was a child? Can you share it with me?”
Wilma no longer hid anything from her and recounted the story. She
knew that Bella still held resentment toward Justin, which resulted in
mixed feelings toward him. Only by helping Bella fully understand and
empathize with Justin could their relationship move forward, even
though making progress has been tough so far.
Wilma told Bella about Justin's difficult childhood in the slums,
enduring constant abuse, and taking care of his seriously ill mother.
She explained how he was brought back to the Salvador family by Gregory and how he was looked down upon
and not taken seriously. Finally, she shared that Justin struggled with severe depression as a
teenager after his mother passed away and attempted suicide.
Bella felt her heart tighten, making it hard to breathe. Silently, tears
welled up in her reddened eyes and streamed down her cheeks.
###chapter953
“Young Master Justin always wears a watch without ever taking it off. It’s not because he likes it, but to cover the
scars on his wrist.”
As she was once his wife, Bella knew about the scar. But she had always assumed it was a remnant of his
military service, a badge of honor. Little did she realize behind those long and ugly scars was a
hidden, painful history.
“You must be curious about the Young Master Justin's unwavering loyalty to Rosalind,” Wilma said. “Despite her
flaws, he remained devoted to her because she was the only woman he’d ever been with. When he attempted
suicide, it was Rosalind who found and saved him.”
Wilma wiped her eyes as she spoke about Justin's troubled past. Moreover, as a young boy labeled as a bastard
and an outcast at school, no one wanted to befriend him except for Rosalind. At that time, | couldn't understand
how such a young girl could have suc exceptional patience and maturity.”
She continued, “Well, it seems like Shannon was the mastermind behind it all, using Rosalind as a pawn. She
manipulated Young Master Justin at such a young age, and his mother was even killed by the bitch, Shannon! |
feel so sorry for Young Master Justin!”
Wilma couldn't help but burst into tears as she revealed the truth to
Bella.
Bella was completely shocked and was lost for words. She had always despised Rosalind, but now she understands why Justin was
so attached to Rosalind in the past. Perhaps he believed that
Rosalind truly loved and cared for him and that she was his savior.
It made sense why he couldn’t accept Bella at that time. If she were in the sposition, she wouldn't have
been able to move on either.
“Even so, the Young Master Justin has truly regretted his actions and
moved on from Rosalind.”
Wilma looked at Bella with sympathy in her reddened eyes and gently explained, “When lan cto Tideview
Manor to retrieve something for the Young Master Justin, he mentioned that you found out about the villa by
Phoenix Lake in the eastern suburbs and was very upset about it. He thought you were upset as it appeared that
the Young Master Justin still had feelings for Rosalind.”
“Wilma, I...” Bella's tongue tasted bitter, and her eyes welled up with
tears.
“lan is usually so cheerful and carefree, but on that day, he wept like a child in front of me, looking utterly
pitiful.”
Wilma recalled lan’s state that day with both heartache and helplessness. “He confided in me, saying if Young
Madam and Your Master Justin couldn't reconcile, then he would be a lifelong sinner He expressed his intention
to resign after completing his remaining tasks because he felt too ashamed to face the Young Master Justin
anymore.”
“Resign? Why?” Bella was completely astonished.
“He claimed that when Young Master Justin ended his relationship with Rosalind, he immediately instructed lan to
sell the villa and get
rid of everything related to her. However, the real estate market in
Savrow was bad at that time, so the villa remained unsold. With lan
preoccupied with various matters, he neglected Young Master
Justin's orders.”
Wilma continued, “Later, he mentioned that when Young Master Justin was taken to that house by Mr. Hoffman
for an overnight stay
and you went there to take care of Young Master Justin, you saw things you shouldn't have seen. He said Young
Master Justin almost beat up Mr. Hoffman after waking up, and they had a big fight, almost
ending their twenty-year friendship.
Bella's eyes slowly widened, her breath becoming increasingly irregular.
“lan was terrified at the time, and he couldn't sleep well for several days and nights. Now that the situation has
been resolved and everything else has been taken care of, he also expressed a desire to find an appropriate
opportunity to apologize to you in person. No matter how much you scold him or what tasks you assign him,
please don’t ignore Young Master Justin.”
“Wilma, that’s all in the past.” Bella tightened her grip on Wilma’s hand, speaking in a low and hoarse voice. “|
was really upset. | di want anything related to Rosalind near him. But now that the misunderstanding is cleared
up, I'm not upset anymore.”
Immediately, Wilma responded, “I understand. | understand your feelings! Young Master Justin means no harm.
It's just that
sometimes his emotional intelligence is lacking, he can be incredibly clueless.”
“Earlier tonight, | noticed that you seemed to be angry with Young
Master Justin What has be done to upset you? If you tell me. I'll give
him a scolding and make sure he apologizes to you!” Wilma'’s face was full of righteous indignation, as if she
were Bella's mother.
Bella’s eyes turned red and teary as she embraced Wilma tightly. She briefly considered confiding in Wilma about
the miscarriage, but ultimately, she chose to keep it a secret. She just cried silently.
“Wilma, thank you for sharing this withand for looking out for me.
I'm really okay.”
There was only silence late that night.
###chapter954
Chapter 954
Alone in his bedroom, Justin sat on the sofa, his handsome features creased with worry.
Throughout the entire night, he had thought about going to see Bella several times. But each time, he held back, worried that his own troubled state might bother her.
When Wilma returned, she didn't mention why Bella was upset. Instead, she talked to Justin in a lengthy conversation about Shannon's affairs.
After crying bitterly, Wilma made up her mind to pretend like nothing was wrong when she returned to Tideview Manor so as not to arouse Shannon's suspicion and inadvertently alert the enemy.
Now the desire for revenge burned strongly, and everything moved forward secretly and with intensity.
At this point, it was important to avoid any unnecessary complications. Even the slightest misstep could jeopardize the successful exposure of Shannon's monstrous crimes!
"Young Master Justin, I can't help but feel that Young Madam is carrying a heavy burden related to you. She hasn't confided in me, so I'm at a loss for how to help her. Although there seems to be an improvement in your relationship with Young Madam, she still hasn't fully opened up to you. So, please be patient with her and be considerate of her feelings. Women's emotions are delicate and easily affected. Maybe she's acting distant because something from the past has hurt her deeply. No matter what happens, try to endure it, as you may have wronged her."
Justin let out a soft sigh and furrowed his brow in sadness while rubbing the throbbing bridge of his nose.
How could he not have enough patience? Even if Bella challenged him endlessly, he would still continue caring for her and loving her. He simply wanted to understand why she was upset.
The entire night went by as he contemplated this issue without finding any answers, and just then, there was a knock on the door.
Knock, knock, knock...
Justin was abruptly awakened by gentle knocks. They were like the light at the end of the tunnel.
Wilma was already asleep at this late hour, so it must be Bella at the door!
Justin's heart raced as he quickly opened the door to find Bella standing there with her watery eyes and delicate appearance, clad in a pink silk robe and camisole dress that tempted him with its allure.
Her face appeared natural and fragile, exuding a radiant porcelain-like glow.
Justin looked at her and felt like his emotions were consuming him. His face was flushed with embarrassment, almost as if he had been drinking too much.
"Bella..."
"I couldn't sleep, and I felt a little hungry, so I thought of having some late-night snacks." Bella avoided his intense gaze by lowering her long eyelashes and then holding up a white box in her hand. "I heard from Wilma that you tend to crave sweets when you're feeling low, so I bought a cake. Do you want some?"
All of a sudden, tears filled Justin's eyes, and he hugged Bella tightly.
"Hey, do you want it or not?" Bella gasped for breath, almost suffocating in his tight embrace.
"Bella, I'm really scared," Justin whispered into her ear, his voice choking with emotion.
He usually seemed strong and handsome, but now he looked vulnerable, like someone who had been wronged.
"What is there to be afraid of?" Bella blinked her eyes, a sense of shared bitterness rippling in her heart.
###chapter955
Bella understood Justin's feelings all too well.
During their three years of marriage, there had been a twhen she lived in constant anxiety, fearing that he would neglect her or divorce her.
After enduring the challenges of love, it was now his turn to experience them as well.
Bella walked into the room and opened the cake box. The enticing strawberry cream cake emitted a delicious aroma, making her mouth water. But for Justin, this cake was less appealing than the woman standing before him.
In comparison to the cake, he desired to savor her.
Bella skillfully cut two pieces and offered one to Justin. “I never realized you enjoyed desserts. You've never mentioned it before. Y used to ignore the desserts | made for you. | thought you didn’t them.”
Justin held the spoon with trembling fingers and devoured the cake such big bites that his throat hurt.
“It tastes so good, thank you.”
“Take your time. No one is going to take it from you. | can always give
you my portion too,” Bella teased, brushing aside the sadness in his gaze.
He enjoyed desserts because he had suffered so much as a child.
At that time, even a piece of candy was a luxury for him, not to mention having a cake like this.
Later on, when he returned to the Salvador family and becthe much-envied young master, there was
nothing he couldn't have, let alone a mere cream cake.
That's just the way people are. They desire the forbidden apple. Once they can have it, they lose their desire for i
“Will you still make snacks forin the future?” Justin asked tentatively, mustering up his courage.
Bella’s heart raced momentarily, but she simply smiled at him without responding.
He grasped her unspoken message and returned a smile. “It’s fine. I'll learn to make them for you.”
“Tomorrow then,” Bella said as she casually skewered a strawberry on her fork.
Justin responded, “Alright, then tomorrow I'll make it for you.”
“I said I'd do it. Tomorrow, I'll go out with Wilma to buy singredients, and then I'll make it for you.” Bella
scooped up a spoonf of cream, her delicate eyelashes fluttering and her voice soft.
Justin's eyes widened with disbelief, shimmering with excitement that was hard to contain. He was happier than
a child on New Year's Day.
“I'll go with you! I'll help you make it!"
“Suit yourself.”
Seeing his excitement, Bella couldn't help but chuckle. In a moment of distraction, a piece of cream she scooped
up fell onto her clothes.
“Oh no!”
The smooth white cream slid down from her chest, staining her pink. robe.
Justin stared fixedly at the exposed part of her creamy bosom, round and perky, even more enticing than the
cream.
His breath grew heavy, his pulse quickened, his lips quivered, and his eyes filled with longing as he seemed to
drift away in a daze.
“Why are you still standing there? Hurry up and geta tissue.”
Suddenly Bella saw the tall figure of the man lean over her, and she felt a warm dampness on her chest.
She was surprised as she watched Justin bury his face in her ches and lick the thick cream off her skin.
His warm tongue moved slowly, causing a tingling sensation to spread through Bella. His breath grew heavier
with each moment, and his large hand climbed up her slender arm slowly.
In Bella’s mind, there were fireworks A tingling feeling spread through her body like an electric jolt. Her eyes
filled with tears, and her thoughts grew fuzzy.
###chapter956
Chapter 956
Chapter 956 Bella’s head involuntarily tilted back as she cursed in her heart. ‘He really is a scoundrel!”
Justin reluctantly lifted his head only after Bella’s skin was free of cream. He gazed deeply into her eyes and asked, “Isn’t it better this way?”
“How is that better?”
At this moment, Bella’s chest was tinged with red marks, covered with hickeys from Justin. She turned her face away shyly, breathing rapidly, and her forehead was coated with sweat.
Justin wasn’t faring much better either. It felt as if both of them had, just shared an intense encounter. The only difference was that one softened and the other hardened.
“Justin, you seem to flourish with just a little sunshine. You’re reall pushy!” Bella pouted her rosy lips. Her flushed and annoyed expression was rather captivating, and her sweet voice even carried hint of seductive teasing.
Justin was deeply enamored, but he was more afraid that she would be angry and ignore him again.
“Bella, | was wrong. Next time, | won't.
The next moment, Justin’s vision blurred. Bella had suddenly hooked her arm around his neck and pressed her body against his waist.
Summoning her courage, her tender and inexperienced lips silenced his words. Her cherry-red tongue slipped into his mouth with ease as he made no effort to resist, whether it was his body or his heart.
His heart was pounding wildly. Justin shuddered all over as his mind went blank.
This was the first time that this “queen” initiated holding the hand of her loyal servant and kissing him. It felt like a reward and an honor.
Now, he could die without regrets.
Justin couldn’t contain himself any longer. His large hands firmly grasped her slender waist and responded eagerly to her kisses. Their mouths were filled with the sweet taste of blood, but they ignored it.
They kissed until they forgot everything, as if there was no tomorrow
The moonlight was shining brightly, and the two silhouettes intertwined beautifully. At the peak of their passion, they gradually interlocked with each other and looked like eternal lovers.
Justin had a slight concern. They had just done the deed last nigh yet here they were again. He was worried that her delicate body wou not be able to endure it, even though he was far from satisfied an yearning for more.
Bella lay half-asleep in his arms. It was a difficult feeling to describe.
She was tired, but she was also addicted to him.
Justin gazed lovingly at Bella lying in his arms and finally couldn't help but say, “Bella, can we...” “...Hmm?”
His words abruptly trailed off, and after a moment of internal strugyle, | helforced@ hike smile and said, “Never mind. Let's just leave it at this. It's nothing.” 
Bella found the most comfortable position in his arms and glogeg hem exes-n fact] Sdkievvety well what he wanted to ask her, but she didn't want to give him an answer easily. 
With a sigh, Justin kissed her forehead and whispered aol, i resigning Aippelhte hi fate Bella,
er you love me or want me, it’s all up to you. But | will always be yours. | will love you forever.” 
###chapter957
Chapter 957
Over the last few days, although Bella and Justin did not display their love publicly, their relationship blossomed. They were more passionate than polite to each other, and the rosy feeling of love permeated every corner of the villa.
Wilma prepared every meal for them. Seeing this, Bella was reluctant to let her work alone and insisted on helping her, only for Wilma and Justin to stop her.
“You're allergic to smoke. It’s better if you don’t go into the kitchen. I'll help Wilma, and you can just wait to be served, you little glutton.”
Justin teased her, dragging her out of the kitchen and wrapping his hands around her waist. He rested his chin on her shoulder, and he couldn't help but kiss her rosy earlobe.
In front of Wilma, Bella blushed like a peach, leaning against him shyly. “Don’t overexert yourself. What can a pampered young master like you help with anyway?”
“No worries, I can learn slowly.” Justin’s lips curled up suddenly, and he chuckled mischievously in her ear. “I learn everything quickly. You should know better than anyone how I performed in the past few nights, don’t you?”
“Shush! Stop it, or I'll step on your foot!” Bella blushed even redder. She had nowhere to hide, and she could only let Justin hug her.
Wilma watched the couple with joy, breaking into a wide smile. She felt that it was as satisfying as watching her own son and daughter-in-law interact sweetly.
In just a few days, Justin and Bella’s relationship progressed rapidly. They would wake up and end the day in each other's arms. They also did household chores together and went shopping together at the nearby supermarkets.
To avoid causing a stir, they had to wear hats and masks. After all, if the president of Salvador Corporation and the young heiress of the KS Group were seen dating like ordinary civilians, the paparazzi would be all over them. Moreover, it could lead to significant fluctuations in the stock prices and projects involved.
Justin rarely wore his oppressive four-piece suit anymore. Instead, he opted for more comfortable and simple business casual attire. But, even in more casual clothing, he stood out in a crowd.
Today, they went to their usual supermarket to shop as usual. As it wasn’t a weekend, there wasn’t much crowd in the large warehouse supermarket, allowing them to browse more comfortably.
Bella had cooked for Justin for three years, and she knew his tastes inside out. The foods they bought along the way were all considered with his preferences in mind. No matter how stubborn she may appear outwardly, Justin still holds a place in her heart. It was revealed unknowingly in every little moment of her life.
For Justin, he felt like this was the happiest moment of his life. But he should have been able to experience this three years ago. He should have had the right to happiness then...
Justin silently followed behind Bella, watching as she picked up items from the shelves, comparing them one by one, checking ingredients and expiration dates with care and seriousness. She did not seem like a wealthy young heiress. Instead, she was just a diligent and capable wife—his wife. Not now, but definitely in the future.
At this moment, a mother pushed a trolley past him, with a young boy sitting inside, happily enjoying each other’s company. Inspired, Justin quickly called out to her, his eyes forming crescents. “Bella, Bella!”
“What?” Bella lazily asked, glancing at him with a raised eyebrow.
Justin pointed to the trolley and said, “Get in! I'll push you.”
Bella was speechless.
“Isn't walking tiring? You can ride in the trolley while I push it! Just point to what you want, and I'll grab it for you.”
“No, that’s so childish!” Bella stepped back, clearly resistant.
“Come on. Don’t worry about me. I won't get tired.” Justin insisted confidently.
“I'm not worried about you. I’m worried about looking silly. Look around! Is there anyone over ten sitting inside?”
Bella rolled her eyes at him, swayed her slender waist, and walked forward, ignoring him. As she turned her head, her cheeks flushed red, and she lightly pursed her lips.
Justin obediently followed behind her in silence with a sigh.
###chapter958
Chapter 958
Though they had done everything that couples were supposed to do, Justin could tell that Bella had yet to fully accept him. Without his initiative, they would not be able to achieve the intimate interactions between normal couples.
Despite her hugs, kisses, and even physical intimacy, only a small part of her heart was opened up to him. Justin secretly clenched his fist and strengthened his determination.
He gave himself a pep talk. ‘It's okay. Take it slow. Everything’s getting better, isn’t it?’
“Wow! Look over there! That couple is so eye-catching! The girl is so beautiful, and the guy is so handsome! Are they models or celebrities?” Some passersby gossiped excitedly about them.
“They're all covered up... How can you tell they’re good-looking?”
“Based on their style, behavior, and physical features, I’m certain they must be exceptional!”
“It's hard to say. Maybe the girl only looks stunning from the back, and the guy is a shrimp.”
Every word of these remarks was overheard by the couple. Bella clenched her teeth, restraining the urge to approach them and remove her mask and hat. She longed to confront them with her beautiful face and teach them a lesson!
“Bella, what do they mean by shrimp?” Justin questioned as he blinked innocently.
“When you eat shrimp, what part do you not eat?” Bella asked with her hands on her hips.
“The head.”
“Exactly! It means you're like a guy who is only appealing once the head is taken off. In other words, ugly!”
“Bella, you’re so smart.” Justin nodded as if enlightened, feeling like he learned something new every day by following her.
Her mind was always coming up with endless ideas and new thoughts. Sometimes he really wanted to crack open her skull and see what miraculous structure lay within her brain.
At this moment, those two people started gossiping again. “It’s such a waste for such a handsome guy to have a girlfriend. Why is heaven so unfair?”
‘Damn it! If you don’t know how to use idioms, you don’t have to use them!’ Bella clenched her fists upon hearing this. How could she be a waste for Justin? Clearly, Justin was getting the better deal!
“How can you tell that they’re a couple? Look at them, keeping their distance the whole time. There is no intimate contact or chemistry at all! I think they're probably siblings. Don’t they look alike at first glance?”
“Couples start to resemble each other after a while. Haven’t you heard of that?”
Justin’s brow furrowed upon hearing this. His eyes narrowed slightly, and he felt a wave of anger surging within him. “Alright, let's go. Wilma is still waiting for us to cook our meal,” Bella urged him, about to move forward.
Suddenly, she felt a tight grip on her wrist. In the next moment, her delicate body was pulled by a domineering force, and she found herself crashing into Justin's solid chest.
Before Bella could react, Justin's scorching hand slid down, firmly gripping her waist. His palm was restlessly caressing her.
With a surprised expression on her face, Bella’s beautiful eyes widened as Justin’s lips pressed against hers, deeply kissing her trembling lips as if no one else were around.
The onlookers let out astonished cries. Wasn't it a sight for sore eyes? Even though they were both wearing masks, who wouldn’t sigh in admiration at this kiss? It was so romantic!
Through the thin fabric of the mask, Bella could still clearly feel the beautiful shape of Justin’s lips, the heat, and his intense affection. Her fists on his shoulders involuntarily loosened. She could feel his desire and determination through this kiss.
Her stiff and nervous spine slowly relaxed, melting into his palms.
###chapter959
Chapter 959
The onlookers who caught a glimpse of this scene felt awkward watching the intense kiss between the two. As Justin's lips slowly parted from Bella’s, his gaze remained heavy and intense.
“You... You’re so impulsive,” Bella complained. She was breathing heavily through her mask after the prolonged kiss, with a look of resentment in her eyes. “Who gave you the permission to kiss me like that?”
“I wanted to kiss you, so I didn’t overthink it and just went along with my feelings.” Justin licked his lips in satisfaction while tucking a stray strand of her hair behind her ear.
“What if someone saw us?!” Bella asked anxiously.
“They won't. If they had noticed, they would have seen it the moment they walked in.” Justin was not a saint, and he was possessive, especially when it came to the woman he deeply cared for.
It was difficult for him to stay indifferent when others made such comments. Bella understood his intentions and decided to play along by teasing him, “What if others misunderstand us as a couple because of your sudden action?”
Justin’s gaze deepened as he stared straight at her for a moment. Then he leaned in close to her ear and whispered, his lips brushing against her earlobe, “I didn’t kiss you to let others know that you’re mine. I kissed you to tell them that I am yours.”
Bella’s heart pounded, her cheeks flushing beneath her mask. Instead of responding, she playfully punched his chest, letting it slide.
At that moment, Bella’s phone rang. Just a few seconds later, Justin’s phone also rang as if on cue. They both reached behind them to answer their phones.
“Hello? Ralph?” Bella said.
“Bella, Linny’s autopsy has been completed. Everything is set for the funeral tomorrow.” Ralph’s voice was low.
Bella took a deep breath and nodded. “I understand.”
“Also, Ash and Ax have convinced her grandmother to stay at our sanatorium in Hatchbay. She chose it herself because Savrow was where Linny passed away, and she didn’t want to remain there. It makes sense. Plus, Hatchbay has better climate conditions because it is by the sea. It’s convenient for us to take care of her on our own turf.”
“Yeah, I agree that settling her in Hatchbay is the best choice. Thank you all for your hard work.”
Bella’s eyes were filled with pain and sorrow. “Tomorrow morning, I will be attending Linny’s funeral. But I hope the funeral will be kept low-key to avoid alarming the media and frightening the elderly lady.”
“I understand. The police have already sealed off this case thoroughly,” Ralph said.
Asher had also chosen to suppress the news using KS Group’s deterrent power. “Bella, just trust us,” he assured her. “With us around, you won't have to worry about anything.”
Meanwhile, Justin was dealing with his own matters. As soon as he picked up the phone, his ear was bombarded by Ryan’s loud voice. His eardrums almost exploded!
“Bro! We've received updates about Winston! He sneaked into Terranova and landed there last night!”
“Keep a close watch on him. Don’t let him slip away!” Justin’s heart tightened, and he hurriedly lowered his voice. “What about the police? Have they reached Terranova?”
“No, they haven't. My men got there first!”
“Alright, tomorrow, you're coming with me to Terranova.” Justin’s eyes were bloodshot with anger.
“What? So sudden!” Ryan was taken aback.
“If you can’t leave Carrie behind, find someone to take over for you. I'll go there myself.”
“No, no. Bro, if you're going, I will definitely come with you. Actually, there’s one more thing I regret more, which is allowing my stupid sister to return from India!” The thoughts of Zoe brought on a deep sense of regret and gave Ryan a headache.
4o
###chapter960
“Anyway, I have to catch Winston before the police do.” 
Men, especially those in love, tend to be very competitive. 
Both Justin and Bella hung up their phones almost simultaneously 
and turned around to face each other. 
“Let’s go to Linny’s funeral tomorrow morning,” Bella said, her eyes 
slightly red. 
“Yeah, let’s go together,” Justin replied. 
After a moment of contemplation, Justin embraced Bella’s waist as if 
preparing to embark on a long journey, pulling her gently into his arms. 
“Bella, there is an important project discussion tomorrow. As the 
president, I need to be present. I might have to leave for a business 
trip for a few days.” 
“How many days?” Bella asked as she took a deep breath. 
“Maybe five days, possibly ten?” Justin felt uneasy, even though he 
knew it was a white lie. Deceiving the person he loved the most
weighed heavily on his conscience. 
Bella blinked and asked, “Where are you going?” 
“Inalia,” Justin lied, feeling guilty as he met her gaze. 
“Alright then, take care while you’re away,” Bella replied calmly. 
All of a sudden, Justin embraced her tightly and said, “Bella, please 
wait for me to come back.” 
Without saying a word, Bella slowly wrapped her slender arms around 
him. Her actions expressed more than words ever could. 
* 
The dense night fog surrounded everything, with the moon hanging in the sky. Despite it being early spring, persistent overcast skies and drizzle had kept the temperature low. 
“Tomorrow morning, the maid from the Salvador family will be laid to 
rest.” 
In the lavishly decorated room of Pivotage, Christopher sat on the sofa with his legs crossed as he faced away from his secretary, 
swirling wine in his glass.
“Oh.” 
“Ms. Thompson will definitely attend. After all, that girl sacrificed 
herself to save her. If Ms. Thompson goes, how could Justin not 
attend?” 
Taylor hesitantly approached him and asked, “Will you be attending?” 
“She’s only a mere maid. Even if she saved Bella’s life, there’s no need 
for such a commotion, right?” 
Christopher smoothly sipped his wine as he gazed through his icy and mocking eyes. “Had she not shielded Bella, she would have 
remained a lowly maid forever.” 
He continued, “But now, things are different. Because of her wise decision, she has become Bella’s savior. Bella will always remember 
her kindness, and her family will be well-treated because of her sacrifice. No matter how you look at it, it’s something worth sacrificing everything for.” 
Taylor listened quietly, sweat forming on his back. 
Christopher had the talent for making irrational and unreasonable statements appear completely logical and justified. Despite his 
cruelty, he always maintained a serene smile that put people at ease 
around him, like soaking up the spring breeze. 
However, this was only the case under specific circumstances. If 
provoked or if someone touched his belongings or coveted them, he 
could instantly turn into someone cruel and unforgiving. 
Christopher finished his drink, his gaze deep as sadness devoured 
him. 
His decision not to go was not because he didn’t want to. It had been 
a while since he last saw Bella, and the longing for her made it hard 
for him to sleep or eat properly. He felt restless in his soul. 
However, showing up unannounced tomorrow would only deepen h 
resentment toward him. He had already fallen behind Justin by a ste 
and couldn’t afford any more setbacks. 
Just then, the door creaked open slowly as Yvonne entered with a furrowed brow, holding an envelope in her hand. 
“Mr. Iverson, the person you sent has returned with something.”
###chapter961
With his back facing Yvonne and Taylor, Christopher curled his 
slender finger. 
Pursing her lips, Yvonne handed the letter to Taylor, who in turn 
passed the paper to Christopher. 
Before, Yvonne was the only woman with access to Christopher apart from Bella. She could sit on his lap like a lover and make harmless 
jokes, Christopher would never be mad at her. 
The people around Christopher assumed that he loved and adored 
Yvonne. 
Only Yvonne knew that she could not hold a candle to Bella. 
Christopher only saw her as a substitute. He would enjoy her company and fulfill his needs with her during the good times. When 
he was displeased, he would torment her. With just a snap of his fingers, he could end her life. 
So, Yvonne refrained from getting close to him. Fear overcame he 
when her eyes met his. 
Taylor presented the letter to Christopher with both hands.
The man put down his wine glass, took the letter, and opened it. 
Suddenly, Christopher jolted to his feet from the sofa, the chilling tension around him pushing Taylor and Yvonne to back away in shivers. 
Then came a loud thud. 
With bloodshot eyes, Christopher bellowed angrily and kicked the 
coffee table. 
The million-dollar wine and collectible wine glass shattered on the 
ground. 
“Damn it! Bastard!” 
Christopher hurled the photographs in his hand onto the floor, his eyes ferocious like a provoked beast. 
Taylor and Yvonne picked up the photographs, and they were shocked. 
Even in disguise, they recognized the embracing couple to be Justin 
and Bella. 
“How could this be? How?” 
Christopher held his chest shakily, feeling like his heart had been ripped right out of his chest. 
“Why? Bella hated him so much. She didn’t even hide her resentment in front of me. Why would she go to him? Why?”
“Take it easy, M-Mr. Iverson.” 
Taylor tried his best to console Christopher. “It could just be the angle from where the picture was taken. Maybe our people were mistaken. They didn’t-” 
“I know Bella.” 
Christopher felt his burning head and fell back down on the sofa. “She 
won’t look, much less have physical contact, with someone she hates. 
“Even if they didn’t kiss, Justin held her, and they went shopping 
together.” 
The man gasped for air. Despite gritting his teeth, he could not stop 
the tears from rolling down his cheeks. 
Taylor and Yvonne were stunned. 
They had worked for Christopher for a long time, bearing witness to his stoicism through the years. This was the very first time a woman brought tears to his eyes. 
Bella was the love of Christopher’s life. He could not do without her. 
Yet, Bella would rather be with the man who dumped and hurt her
than spare another glance at Christopher. 
Taylor winked at Yvonne. 
Nevertheless, Yvonne kept her head down, refusing to take another 
step toward Christopher. 
In the past, she could please Christopher and carry out her due 
diligence as a replacement. 
At this point, she knew where she stood. 
A substitute had no more use for Christopher because his feelings for 
Bella ran too deep. No one could replace Bella, even for a moment’s 
comfort. 
Christopher sent Taylor to retrieve an injection. Only the shot could 
calm him down.
###chapter962
Otherwise, Christopher might just lose control of himself and fire 
away at Justin in front of Bella. 
“M-Mr. Iverson, if I may.” 
Taylor put away the injection and wiped his sweat. “You should stay 
away from this stuff. It can give you a momentary kick and take the 
pain away, but it’s a prohibited substance. The drug hasn’t been 
through clinical trials in Meridan, so the side effects are still 
unknown.” 
“I know. This is the last time. 
Christopher closed his eyes and breathed out. “The drug dealer 
shouldn’t be controlled by drugs.” 
His obsession was not the drugs, but Bella. 
“Send these photos to Wyatt anonymously.” 
Christopher let out a smile, wicked and unhinged. “Wyatt loves 
daughter too much to let history repeat itself.”
“Of course, Mr. Iverson.” 
As Taylor excused himself, Christopher said, “What’s the date today? 
“March 6, sir.” 
Christopher narrowed his eyes, a glint flickering in the dark. 
“March 6, Grant…” 
The phone in his pocket rang. 
That night, Bella was so understanding as not to bother Justin after 
dinner together. She retreated to her room for a rest. 
Justin stared at the black suit on the sofa that lan had delivered for 
tomorrow’s funeral while making calls to Ryan and his men about the 
trip to Terranova. 
“Did Asher send anybody?” 
“No update as of yet, but Asher would’ve known what I knew. He 
hasn’t made any arrangements. 
With downcast eyes, Justin nodded. “Okay. I’ll catch Winston before
him.” 
“It doesn’t matter who makes the arrest. You don’t always have to 
win, Justin.” Ryan wanted to roll his eyes. Justin could not stand 
defeat. 
Justin’s competitiveness extended to the point where he even trie 
outdo Bella. He must regret it now, considering he nearly lost his w 
“Bella has everything. I have nothing to give to her.” 
Justin looked down in dejection, the air thick with a feeling of worthlessness. “The only thing she wants now is revenge, so I’m going to make that happen no matter the cost.” 
“Sigh. Fine. Don’t worry, Justin. Once you arrive at Terranova, my people will ensure your safety,” Ryan promised. 
“Don’t worry about me. I was in the army. Just protect yourself.” 
Justin paused and murmured, “Carrie will be sad if anything happens 
to you. She has never been loved before. Nothing was ever truly hers. 
“You should know how much you mean to her.”
Ryan gasped before exclaiming with thrill, “Justin! Are you 
acknowledging me as your brother-in-law?” 
Justin pulled the phone away from his ear and frowned. “Can you pipe down?” 
“We’re a family, my dear brother-in-law,” Ryan shouted excitedly. 
Justin had goosebumps. “Drop that mushiness.” 
“I’m going to ask your father for her hand-in-marriage when I get back 
from Terranova. You better help me.” Ryan’s voice trembled with 
emotion. 
“You’re the heir of the Hoffman family. Gregory has no reason to 
refuse the marriage. Shannon should…” 
Justin sneered, “It doesn’t matter what she thinks. She only cares 
about power and wealth. Who needs her approval for the marriage? 
“Hmph! You have a point.” 
“That reminds me. Get me a gun.”
###chapter963
Ryan gasped sharply. Justin asked for a gun a little too casually. 
“Terranova is known as a no man’s land. Winston must have friends 
there to help him. 
“We can’t afford to let our guards down, or it will not bode well for us.” 
Ryan and Justin looked solemn. 
Another phone call came in, and it was Gregory. 
Justin ended Ryan’s call with furrowed brows and took Gregory’s call. 
“Justin, we’re having a virtual conference with the chairman of 
Journey Ventures in Meridan. It’s about a potential partnership with/ them and our future development in Meridan. You and I must be in 
attendance,” Gregory ordered Justin indifferently. 
Justin replied without hesitation, “I can’t attend tomorrow. I have something important to do.” 
“What did you say? What could be more important than this? 
Whatever else you’re working on can wait.” Gregory pounded the table exasperatedly. 
“Either way, I won’t be there tomorrow,” Justin said with a blank face. 
His world revolved around Bella. Nothing mattered more to him than anything related to Bella,
Gregory shouted angrily, “You’re the president of Salvador 
Corporation. How could you be so irresponsible? Why are you even 
the president?” 
“Yeah. Why am I even?” 
Justin smiled pretentiously, his voice radiating an air of command 
even through the phone. “I don’t get why I’m the president when all I 
did was make you the richest man in Savrow ten years ahead of your 
planning.” 
“You!” Gregory was stumped for words. 
It was true that Nigel had a keen eye for talent and picked the right 
man for the job. Otherwise, Salvador Corporation would still be 
struggling to get a foothold over the Hoffman Group. 
“Is there anything else? If there isn’t, I’ll hang up now.” 
“Justin, it isn’t right to slack off. One day, you will pay for your 
decision.”
Gregory then terminated the call. 
Justin let out an undaunted smile at the blackened mobile scree 
He did care about the company. 
Justin toiled day and night, building an empire at the expense 
time and health. 
However, Bella would always be his priority, and he would not 
hesitate to make the same choice again. 
Nothing was more important than his wife. 
::. 
The next day, Justin and Bella woke up early, washed up, and had 
breakfast. 
Dressed in formal attire, they made their way out. 
Outside the villa, they stood alongside each other and locked eyes. 
Justin’s gaze lingered on Bella while Bella stared intently back at him.
Bella, with her lips painted a striking crimson red, wore a black suit of 
her own design, accented by a white flower brooch. 
She looked beautiful and dignified. Despite her stoic face, Justin could sense the sadness around her 
Justin pursed his lips. There was something on his mind-something he had been meaning to tell her. 
He had seen Bella for the first time after the divorce at an auction 
Sporting a suit and red lips, she had stolen his breath away. 
“Morning, Mr. Salvador,” Bella cried. 
“Good morning, Bella,” Justin responded tenderly. 
“Come on.” 
The invitation’s words stirred a whirlwind of emotions in Justin.
###chapter964
Since Steven was still in the hospital recovering from his injuries, lan came to pick Justin and Bella up. 
Sitting in the back seat; Justin took a deep breath and took Bella’s chilly hand. 
Instead of pulling her hand away, she let him entwine their fingers, reveling in his warmth. 
“Ryan insisted on coming along, but I didn’t let him,” Justin said 
huskily. 
7 
understand where you’re coming from. Ryan spends all his time 
with Carrie now. Carrie will be upset if she finds out.” 
ま 
Bella sighed. “Linny had taken care of Carrie for a while. They are 
more than just an employer and an employee. They are friends.” 
She choked with sobs. 
“Don’t cry, Bella.” 
With his heart breaking, Justin raised his muscular arm and hoo
around the woman’s shuddering shoulders. He pulled her into his 
arms. “If Linny could see us now, she wouldn’t want us to be sad. 
would want to see the beautiful, amazing, and strong heiress of 
KS Group. Don’t let her down. Don’t let the wicked see our weakness 
Bella rested her head against his chest and nodded solemnly, her strength renewed. 
: 
The Thompsons spared no expense on Linny’s funeral, offering the 
very best in everything as a final act of respect. 
A multitude of wreaths were laid for Linny, tributes from industry 
heavyweight’s like the Thompsons, Salvadors, and Hoffmans, whose 
influence extended beyond Savrow to the entire nation. 
Christopher’s wreath arrived before his person and was placed in a rather conspicuous position. 
“Iverson sure is cunning.” 
Standing at the door, Axel looked at the wreath from the Iversons and 
taunted, “The wreath is hard to miss. People might think it’s a funeral
for the Iversons. 
“Get someone to move the wreath to the back. It’s blocking ours.” 
Asher patted his shoulder and shook his head. “Just leave it. Even if 
the oversized wreath is intentional, at least they mean well. Don’t 
make us look petty.” 
Today, Asher, Axel, Ralph, and Drew were present at the funeral. Eve 
Steven was in attendance, wheeled in by Amelia. 
When Amelia found out about Steven’s injuries, she rushed to the hospital and cried all over him. 
She took a leave of absence from school and stayed by Steven’s side, caring for him, feeding him, cleaning him, and taking him to the 
bathroom. She acted like a devoted wife. 
Thanks to Amelia’s care, Steven was on the mend. He still needed to 
rely on a cane or a wheelchair to move around, though. 
“Why are you here, Steve?” 
Asher drew close to him. “You need rest. Bella will get angry if she
catches you running around.” 
Steven’s eyes filled with sadness. “Linny is Ms. Bella’s savior, and 
that speaks a lot to me. I should attend her funeral even if I have to 
crawl my way here.” 
Axel approached and looked at Amelia with a pout. “Honestly, Amelia. 
Why aren’t you doing anything about your man?” 
Her man? 
Steve and Amelia blushed. 
*** 
 
Red in the face, Amelia said shyly, “It’s out of my hands.” 
“Oh, that won’t do.” 
Drew came over, shaking his head, and joined the teasing. “The Thompson girls should be able to handle any man or situation wi 
ease and confidence. 
“Don’t you think so, Mr. Lovett?” 
Steven cleared his throat embarrassedly and replied, “You’re right, Mr.
Drew.” 
There was an announcement near the entrance. 
“Ms. Bella Thompson has arrived.” 
“Mr. Justin Salvador, president of Salvador Corporation, has arrived.” 
?
###chapter965
All members of the Thompson family were present today. 
Justin walked alongside Bella, his gaze looking straight ahead with 
unwavering steadiness. He kept his cool despite being the only 
outsider. 
His head could not be any clearer. 
Justin wanted to be the shoulder for Bella to lean on and the 
presence she could let down her guard with. 
Jan stayed behind Justin. The sight of the Thompson brothers made 
his hair stand on end and his palms clammy. 
Learning from Justin’s experience, lan envisioned a future wife with a 
lot fewer brothers. 
“Bella!” 
The family surrounded Bella. 
The Thompsons were not too pleased to see Justin. 
Before, the Thompsons would have closed the door and released the
hounds on Justin. 
“I appreciate all you have done.” 
Bella watched tenderly as Amelia wheeled Steven over, not blaming Steven for attending the funeral instead of resting. “Thank you for your hard work, Amelia. You helped me a lot by keeping Steve company and doing so much for him. 
“We’re a family, Bella. Don’t say that.” The compliment made Amelia 
feel warm and cozy inside. 
“Steve, get better soon and take good care of Amelia.” 
Bella reached Steven and Amelia, taking their hands in each of hers 
and gently clasping them together. “I hope you will be a guardian 
angel to Amelia.” 
Steven’s eyes welled up as he looked at the imposing figure behind 
Bella. 
It was time for him to move on from Bella. 
Bella already had someone who would do anything for her, and the
man was stronger and more reliable than Steven. 
Justin looked at the woman’s back in silence, his emotions stirring. 
He was tempted to hug her and tell the world that all she needed was 
him. 
The send-off ceremony began several minutes later. 
Drew, who was on standby outside, approached Bella in a hurry wit 
grim look. 
“We have a situation, Bella. Word somehow got out, and the press is 
out there.” 
“What?” Bella was shocked. “Ash is thorough and never leaves room for error. Given that the guests are on our side, how did word get out?” 
“I was advised that the hired protection belongs to Salvador 
Corporation.” 
Drew gave Justin an intimidating look. 
Justin furrowed his brows. “It wasn’t me.”
“I know.” 
Bella raised her arm, looking every inch like a boss. “I wouldn’t have 
let you come if I suspected you.” 
The man was touched. 
“I believe Shannon and Bethany are likely behind it. They know more 
than anyone else how Linny died. They are just waiting for her 
funeral.” 
Bella chuckled gruesomely, her eyes bloodshot. “They enjoy being in 
the spotlight and being seen in a positive light. 
“Well, they’ve come to the wrong place to seek attention.” 
She carried herself with such aggression that even Justin and Drew 
got goosebumps. 
“Ms. Thompson…”
###chapter966
Linny’s grandmother’s shaky voice came from the back. “Did something happen?” 
Bella looked back and met the old lady’s worried gaze. With a lump in 
her throat, she went over to help her up. 
“Everything is okay. Just focus on sending Linny off. No matter what 
happens, we are here for you.” 
A throng of press swarmed the area outside the funeral hall, their 
cameras fixated on the unfolding ceremony. 
The funeral would make headlines because the attendees were key 
players in the Salvador and Thompson families. Linny was the only 
victim in a shooting incident. 
The press had to assume Linny’s death was linked to these families 
The news would be a nationwide expose. 
The life of an innocent working-class girl was cut short by the crue 
of the wealthy. 
Who was responsible for the innocent girl’s life? That was the
mystery that captivated the press. 
Bella knew that would happen. 
Shannon and Brenda lured the blood-sucking press to the venue. 
The Salvadors’ fleet of fancy cars stacked outside the gate, and the bodyguards exited the vehicle to form a human barrier to push the reporters back. The wife and daughter of Salvador Corporation’s chairman had to keep up with appearances. 
In the car, Shannon took out her compact and powdered her lips, trying to make her well-maintained skin look haggard. 
“Mom, do we have to attend the funeral?” 
Bethany looked out the tinted window. Bella and her resourceful brothers’ presence in the funeral hall sent shivers down her spine. ” We didn’t get anywhere during the last few times we tried to outdo her. In fact, she humiliated us. 
“Linny, the traitor, just died. Shouldn’t we fly under the radar for now?” 
“Fly under the radar? Hmph! Do you think it’s necessary at this point?” 
Shannon slammed the compact powder shut. Her pale face, paired with her menacing expression and grim eyes, made her look like a ghost. “If Bella has proof, why didn’t she come knocking on our do days ago? We heard nothing from her because she had no leads 
proof to charge us with.”
Bethany nodded pensively. 
That was true. Knowing Bella, she would have gone after Salvador Corporation if she had proof. She would not wait until now. 
“The press is also aware that Linny is a maid of the Salvador family. As the lady of the house, I should make an appearance and demonstrate my friendly side. I can’t let the media think we are a heartless family.” 
Shannon was manipulative. “I need to show my face at the funeral to 
rebuild my reputation. 
“Do you have the money for Linny’s family?” 
“I got it, but why should we give away so much, Mom?” Bethany was 
reluctant. 
“I won’t hesitate to give the money away to keep the old lady’s mouth 
shut.” 
Hiding the horrifying truth was paramount. 
Shannon and Bethany stepped out of the car, composing themselves for a public appearance. As seasoned actresses, they knew how to
turn on the waterworks for the cameras. 
“Mrs. Salvador, rumor has it that the victim was your personal maid. Is that true?” A journalist shoved a microphone up Shannon’s face. 
Shannon wiped her tears with a handkerchief. “Yes. Linny was my maid. She was a kind soul and diligent in her service. My whole fam 
was fond of her.” 
“Although Linny was primarily responsible for caring for my sist had a sisterly relationship with Linny. We had been nothing but n to her.” Bethany wailed exaggeratedly. 
Bethany would not pass up a chance to take a dig at Carrie.
###chapter967
The press nodded with approving looks. “Though born into money, 
Ms. Bethany remains beautiful on the inside and out.” 
“As Linny’s former employer, I should attend Linny’s funeral.” 
Shannon wailed in front of the cameras. 
The press asked, “What are your plans for Linny?” 
“Linny died unexpectedly, but we could have done a better job at monitoring every employee’s well- being. We are partly to blame for this. The least we can do is offer Linny’s family compensation. We can’t bring Linny back to life, but she can rest well, knowing that her family will be well taken care of.” 
The press sighed at Shannon’s generosity, their opinion of Shannon changing for the better. 
Shannon and Bethany, with bodyguards in tow, entered the funeral hall. 
The press followed suit, poking their cameras into the venue. 
Suddenly, Shannon and Bethany froze. 
The Thompsons stood before them. 
Their chilling presence casts dread over Shannon and Bethany. 
Bella and Justin stood side by side, their expressions equally furious. They wanted nothing more than to get rid of these vile women. 
Shannon managed to hold it together, but the intensity of Bella’s gaze
The Salvadors’ fleet of fancy cars stacked outside the gate, and the bodyguards exited the vehicle to form a human barrier to push the reporters back. The wife and daughter of Salvador Corporation’s 
chairman had to keep up with appearances. 
In the car, Shannon took out her compact and powdered her lips, trying to make her well-maintained skin look haggard. 
“Mom, do we have to attend the funeral?” 
Bethany looked out the tinted window. Bella and her resourceful brothers’ presence in the funeral hall sent shivers down her spine. We didn’t get anywhere during the last few times we tried to outdo her. In fact, she humiliated us. 
“Linny, the traitor, just died. Shouldn’t we fly under the radar for now?” 
” 
“Fly under the radar? Hmph! Do you think it’s necessary at this point?” 
Shannon slammed the compact powder shut. Her pale face, paired with her menacing expression and grim eyes, made her look like a ghost. “If Bella has proof, why didn’t she come knocking on our door days ago? We heard nothing from her because she had no leads or proof to charge us with.” 
Bethany nodded pensively. 
That was true. Knowing Bella, she would have gone after Salvador Corporation if she had proof. She would not wait until now. 
“The press is also aware that Linny is a maid of the Salvador family. As the lady of the house, I should make an appearance and demonstrate my friendly side. I can’t let the media think we are a heartless
family.” 
Shannon was manipulative. “I need to show my face at the funeral to rebuild my reputation. 
“Do you have the money for Linny’s family?” 
“I got it, but why should we give away so much, Mom?” Bethany was reluctant. 
“I won’t hesitate to give the money away to keep the old lady’s mouth shut.” 
Hiding the horrifying truth was paramount. 
Shannon and Bethany stepped out of the car, composing themselves for a public appearance. As seasoned actresses, they knew how to turn on the waterworks for the cameras. 
“Mrs. Salvador, rumor has it that the victim was your personal maid. Is that true?” A journalist shoved a microphone up Shannon’s face. 
Shannon wiped her tears with a handkerchief. “Yes. Linny was my maid. She was a kind soul and diligent in her service. My whole fami was fond of her.” 
“Although Linny was primarily responsible for caring for my sister, I had a sisterly relationship with Linny. We had been nothing but nice to her.” Bethany wailed exaggeratedly. 
Bethany would not pass up a chance to take a dig at Carrie. 
The press nodded with approving looks. “Though born into money, Ms. Bethany remains beautiful on the inside and out.” 
“As Linny’s former employer, I should attend Linny’s funeral.” 
Shannon wailed in front of the cameras.
The press asked, “What are your plans for Linny?” 
“Linny died unexpectedly, but we could have done a better job at monitoring every employee’s well- being. We are partly to blame for this. The least we can do is offer Linny’s family compensation. We can’t bring Linny back to life, but she can rest well, knowing that her family will be well taken care of.” 
The press sighed at Shannon’s generosity, their opinion of Shannon changing for the better. 
Shannon and Bethany, with bodyguards in tow, entered the funer hall. 
The press followed suit, poking their cameras into the venue. 
Suddenly, Shannon and Bethany froze. 
The Thompsons stood before them. 
Their chilling presence casts dread over Shannon and Bethany. 
Bella and Justin stood side by side, their expressions equally furious. They wanted nothing more than to get rid of these vile women. 
Shannon managed to hold it together, but the intensity of Bella’s gaze sucked the life out of Bethany. 
“Today is about the deceased, Ms. Thompson.” 
Shannon looked at Bella with tearful eyes. “Regardless of our history, I came today to pay my last respects to Linny.” 
Bella took a step forward.
The other members of the Thompson family and security detail did the same. Shannon and Bethany turned pale and recoiled in fright. 
Even the press backed away. 
Bella and Justin came off as pretty intimidating. 
The Thompson brothers stood behind Bella, a source of protection and assurance for her. 
Due to the nature of his work, Drew could not be seen on camera. He hid in a corner and sullenly watched everything unfold. 
However, Drew was ready to destroy anybody who would so much a touch Bella. 
“Everybody is welcome to the funeral, but you,” Bella said, her eyes burning with resentment. 
“Why? Why can’t we enter?” Bethany asked a silly question. 
“You have the nerve to ask. You don’t deserve to be here.” 
The crowd was shocked. 
Bella sure said the darndest things. 
“You’re a bully, Bella! Don’t take it there!” Bethany turned ashen. 
Out of habit, Bethany tried to put her finger up Bella’s face, but Shannon was quick to grab her hand. “We only mean well, Ms. Thompson. All we want is to pay our last respects. 
“This is not time for our personal feud. It’s embarrassing to fight here and now. It’s disrespectful to the deceased.”
Shannon spoke with such conviction that Bella seemed like an unreasonable brat. 
Bella curled her lips, her eyes narrowing on the woman’s pretentious face. “You’re disrespecting the deceased. Your presence here is an insult to the deceased. 
“Shannon, Bethany, what goes around comes around. You know what you did to Linny. You better watch out for karma.” 
A wave of shock and horror swept through the crowd.
###chapter968
What was Bella saying? She seemed to hint that Linny’s death was closely related to Shannon and Bethany. 
Justin stared at Bella’s discolored, seething face, his hand slipping around her waist. 
Feeling her shudder, Justin pressed his palm against her skin, his warmth offering assurance and encouragement. 
He stood down, not because he did not want to risk his reputation. 
Justin understood that Bella needed to stand up to Shannon and 
Bethany to overcome her resentment and trauma. 
Shannon’s and Bethany’s faces contorted with horror. 
They tried to control the narrative by bringing the press into it. Yet now, they might be shooting themselves in the foot. 
“What are you saying, Ms. Thompson? Don’t tell me you think we killed Linny,” Shannon pressed with bulging eyes. 
“Did I say you killed her? I said nothing of that sort.” 
Bella shrugged, her expression taunting. “I said nothing. Why were you in a hurry to deny everything? Did you have something to do with Linny’s death?”. 
The journalists exchanged glances before putting Shannon and Bethany in the spotlight.
Shannon glared at Bella, wishing she could bite her head off. 
Goddamnit! The bitch set her up again. 
“Just because you are members of the Salvador family, you boss around, yell, and torture the domestic help. Don’t try to play the good guys now. Your presence is a nuisance to the living and the dead. I don’t see a problem telling you karma would get to you one day.” A storm of emotions was brewing in Bella’s eyes. 
Justin looked at Bella in awe. 
His woman sure was intelligent and witty. 
Despite knowing that Shannon and Bethany were responsible for Linny’s death, they had no proof. Accusing Shannon directly of murder could backfire, leaving Bella vulnerable to a slander lawsuit 
For this reason, Bella chose to keep her speech vague. 
Bella’s words were sure to hit a nerve with Shannon and spark a media firestorm. With a well-placed strike, Bella got even with 
Shannon and Bethany and threw a wrench in their plans. 
Shannon hated Bella’s guts, but more so herself, for getting caught Bella’s wordplay. 
“That’s a big accusation to make, Bella!” 
Bethany freaked out, knowing the image she worked so hard to build was gone. She lashed out, “I know you don’t see eye-to-eye with me and my mother, but that doesn’t give you the right to make false claims about us. That’s slander. I can sue you.”
Her voice trailed off. 
Justin’s steely gaze sent chills down Bethany’s spine. She felt like an invisible knife was held against her throat. 
“I’m only giving you facts. I have insights because I lived with you at your family home for three years.” Bella grimaced sternly. 
The crowd was shocked. 
What was that supposed to mean? 
It made no sense that the heiress of the Thompsons lived in the 
Salvadors’ residence for three years. 
The press, Shannon, Bethany, Justin, and the Thompson brothers behind Bella were stunned. 
“Bella, you-” 
Bella’s statement stopped Justin from saying anything further. “I know better than anyone the shitty things you did throughout the years because I’m Justin’s ex-wife. I was once a member of the Salvador family.”
###chapter969
It was pin-drop silent as everybody reeled in shock.
“Bella…” The Thompson brothers did not see that coming.
Bella, who once refused to talk about her marriage, admitted to the media that she and Justin were husband and wife.
She was brave and frank.
Her failed marriage had been a source of shame, a past she could never talk about.
Now, she was ready to let go of the past and move on.
Bella and Justin simply met at the wrong time.
However, they were the right person for each other.
The flashing, blinding camera lights flooded Bella and Justin.
Justin furrowed his brows and stood in front of the love of his life, shielding her from any harm.
“Is that true, Ms. Thompson? Were you married to Mr. Salvador?”
“Was it a marriage away from the public? When did you get a divorce? Do you have children?”
“Why did you divorce? Is it because of Rosalind? Was another woman the result of a divorce?”
The press grilled Bella.
“Bella wasn’t the reason for our divorce. It was me.” With his wound ripped right open, Justin tried to take all the blame for the failed marriage when Bella held his hand tight.
The man met her gaze.
“No need to tell them anything. It’s all in the past. I don’t need your explanation, and I don’t want to hear that name ever again.” Bella drew close to his ear, her voice raspy.
Justin’s breath hitched as a tidal wave of emotions swept over him.
Her understanding stung him worse than her resentment.
“The reason for our divorce is a private matter. We have nothing to say.”
Bella remained composed as her piercing gaze fell on Shannon and Bethany. “I am coming forward with this information to set the record straight and to show that my accusations are not baseless. I’ve seen what Mrs. Salvador and Ms. Bethany are capable of. I urge you journalists not to be fooled by them and to give a voice to those who have been silenced.”
Bella said, her eyes clear, “I believe you started a career in the media to seek the truth and answers to tragedies. It is the duty of the news media to hold those in power accountable and to give a voice to the voiceless.”
Touched by the powerful speech, nearly all the reporters put down their cameras.
It was true. These journalists had dreams of using this powerful platform to effect change.
However, the media in Savrow was controlled by a few powerful interests. The quality of journalism was on the decline as news outlets focused on celebrity gossip and trivia that attracted clicks and eyeballs.
They had to look for the next viral thing to gain traction.
###chapter970
It was ironic that stories of fallen heroes became a cloud of dust in the wind, a stark contrast to the ever-present buzz of celebrity gossip 
A brave journalist held a microphone up Shannon’s face and asked solemnly, “Is it true that you abuse the domestic help as claimed by Ms. Thompson? Was Linny subjected to your unfair treatment?” 
Shannon was taken aback. 
It never crossed her mind that the press she brought would turn the tables on her. 
Justin clutched Bella’s hand. 
“You’re amazing, Bella. Truly. You are so much stronger. I am the absolute worst.” 
Justin looked deep into her eyes and smiled wryly. “I don’t feel go enough for you. I can’t measure up. 
His lips leaned into her ear tenderly. “You’ve been chasing after m for the last 13 years. Let me run after you for the rest of our lives.” 
Bella’s heart melted, and her fingers curled. 
The other reporters surrounded Shannon and Bethany with sharp questions. 
Breaking out in a cold sweat, Shannon and Bethany refuted, “No! 
That’s not true. Don’t listen to Bella.” 
“Is there anything you can say for yourself, ma’am?” 
A familiar, indignant voice rang out from the crowd.
Bella and Justin looked up in shock. 
Wilma approached with a vengeance. 
“Wilma!” 
“Young Madam, Young Master Justin.” 
Wilma walked toward Justin and Bella and nodded. “I’m sorry for showing up against your advice. 
“I know you didn’t tell me to save me from the heartache, but I practically raised Linny. She’s like a daughter to me.” 
Wilma choked with sobs as tears filled her eyes. “Can I see her off for the last time?” 
“I’m sorry, Wilma.” Justin sighed with downcast eyes. He felt bad for keeping the matter from Wilma. 
Bella went up to hug Wilma, patting her back with an air of unspok sadness. 
Pulling herself together, Wilma looked Shannon dead in the eye. 
Bitterness overtook every inch of her being. “Ms. Thompson is right. 
The Salvadors have not been kind to all the domestic help, Linny included, throughout the years. I’ve worked for the Salvadors for nearly 3 decades. I know what Ms. Thompson knows and more. I swear to God that Ms. Thompson made no false accusation. She spoke the truth.” 
“Have you lost it, Wilma? Did Bella bribe you to frame us?” 
Shannon pointed at Wilma angrily. “You are like family to us. We have been nothing but nice to you. I bet no one can top us in giving you better pay and benefits in the whole of Savrow. Yet, you are so
greedy. I can’t believe you turned against us over money. Have you lost all sense of decency?” 
“My decency is what led me to be here today.”
###chapter971
Wilma sneered. “Some people came to mourn the dead. But you? You came to take advantage of the dead!” 
“Wilma! How dare you!” 
“Also, stop flattering yourself. Those who were kind to me were the former Mrs. Salvador and Mr. Salvador. The Salvador family didn’t treat me well; it was only Mr. Salvador. It has nothing to do with you!” Wilma got angrier as she spoke and spat at Shannon. 
Goodness! A maid going against the madam? It was unheard of! 
How stimulating! 
“She’s right. A funeral caused by an accidental death should be handled in a low-profile manner. Ms. Bella and Mr. Salvador are people with high status, yet they did not invite even one reporter. It’s evident that they genuinely wanted to send the dead off and not tr use the funeral to build their reputation.” 
“Yeah! A wealthy madam like Mrs. Shannon, who loves to be in the spotlight, could be said to be the first in Savrow.” 
“The maid is right. Isn’t Shannon trying to exploit the dead for publicity?” 
Seeing that the tides had changed, Shannon was so mad that she was about to explode, but she could not throw a tantrum in front of so many people. 
Therefore, she could only play the victim until the end. 
“You… How could you judge my genuine intentions with your evil suspicions?”
Shannon clutched her chest with a pale face, trembling as if she would collapse at any time. She directed the accusation at Bella. “Ms. 
Bella, when you haven’t divorced Justin, we already don’t have a harmonious relationship. I admit that we had some grudges in private. But times have changed. You and Justin have divorced now, and everything was in the past! Why do you still try to take any opportunity to take revenge on me, refusing to let me go?!” 
Seeing this vindictive woman bring up the divorce again, Bella’s face turned as cold as ice. 
Justin felt a fire burning in his heart. The veins on his forehead bulged. 
Shannon’s gaze shone with a malicious light as she sobbed, “You knew Justin loved Rosalind and that their mutual affection was 
hindered only by Old Master Nigel. But even so, you still married Justin without thinking about the consequences! Love can’t be forced. Your marriage was destined to end in divorce, yet you insi on blaming it on me. Isn’t that too much?” 
Shannon’s words made up a story out of nothing, combining some truth and lies and shifting the focus. 
What a strategic move! 
The crowd was stunned.. They were getting so many revelations today! 
Was Shannon wrongly accused? Was Bella really resorting to all means to get revenge on her? 
Axel and Ralph could not take it anymore. Even Drew, standing in a corner, was prepared to draw out a poisonous needle and fling it at that evil woman, making her mute.
“Asher! I’ll get someone to chase these reporters out now. We can’t continue like this. Bella and Justin’s matter will go viral!” 
Axel was about to leave when Asher grabbed him. “Axel, no.” 
“Why?!” Axel and Ralph could not understand. 
“It’s too late now. Some reporters are probably livestreaming this. If we chase them away, it would look like we are guilty, falling into Shannon’s trap. We’ll be disadvantaged.” 
Asher took a deep breath as his brows furrowed. “Every word of hers was a trap meant for Bella. If we didn’t handle it properly, we would be admitting that she was telling the truth.” 
Axel and Ralph’s fists clenched in anger. They were even considering giving up their careers as police and public prosecutors to rush and beat up Shannon.
###chapter972
“Didn’t have a good relationship? How thick of a skin must you have to say this in front of Bella?” 
Justin stood out without hesitation at this moment. His eyes narrowed, and he did not conceal his disdain. “You are merely my father’s second wife, and I am not your son. You were never Bella’s mother-in-law in the first place. But even so, Bella respected you during the three years she lived with the Salvador family and always satisfied your unreasonable requests. She endured you and Bethany’s bullying. Why aren’t you speaking of those now?” 
Bella felt a lump form in her throat. The upsetting past resurfaced in her mind, causing her fingers to curl. 
Although Justin did not look at her, he understood her bitterness and held her hand with a force she could not resist. “Also, Bella married me because she loved me. Is there anything wrong with loving someone? She did not do anything wrong. I was the one who m mistake. I didn’t see through Rosalind’s true colors and kept co with her while married, hurting Bella’s heart. I didn’t know my own feelings. I fell in love with Bella long ago but did not know it.” 
At this moment, the camera flashes erupted again. 
The president of the Salvador Corporation protected his former wife in front of all the media, and he even admitted that he had an affair! 
Shannon’s expression changed. Even Bethany was dumbfounded, her mouth hanging open. 
They did not expect that for Bella, Justin was willing to throw away his image, reputation, and identity! 
They had underestimated Justin’s love for Bella.
He was willing to shatter to pieces himself if it meant she remained unscathed; he was willing to be covered in filth for her to remain pure. 
Bella’s lips trembled, and she stared at Justin’s back, standing as firm as a rock in front of her. For a moment, her emotions surged, making her almost teary-eyed. 
What moved her more than saying “I love you” a thousand times was that Justin understood her grievances and wanted the best for her. 
“I’ll make it clear one more time, and hopefully the last time.” 
Justin’s sharp gaze swept across Shannon and Bethany, finally passing over the crowd. “In our divorce, I was in the wrong, and it has nothing to do with Ms. Bella. If any media dares to write anything against Ms. Bella, even one word, I will investigate it thorough make the rumor-mongers pay a painful price!” 
His words stunned everyone. 
Shannon and Bethany shivered. They tacitly stepped back, not daring to provoke further. 
“Awesome.” Ralph was impressed and clapped as a sign of respect. 
Asher and Axel nodded as well, expressing their agreement. 
Drew, watching from a distance, curled his lips. He turned around and lit a cigarette, revealing a satisfied smile. 
“This brat is looking more and more like my brother-in-law.” 
At this moment, a reporter was caught in the moment and asked loudly, “Mr. Salvador! Since you and Ms. Bella are divorced, why do you still interact so much? I’ve been following both of you for a while.
When Ms. Bella encountered several difficulties, you always stood out to help her. Do you treat her so well because she was your ex- wife, or do you still have lingering feelings for her?” 
“Yeah! Mr. Salvador, what is your relationship with Ms. Bella now?” The other reporters echoed. 
Just as Bella was at a loss for what to do, Justin’s eyes reddened, and he said clearly, “Once, she was my ex-wife. Now, I am hers.” 
As his words fell, he turned around to look at Bella. Tears filled his eyes when their gazes met.
###chapter973
This time, Bella did not avoid Justin’s sincere and shining gaze. 
Her heart melted into a surging ocean, wondering how much a man must love her to have teary eyes every time he saw her. 
Shannon and Bethany’s way out was blocked by Bella and Justin, while the reporters surrounded them from behind. Trapped in the middle, they were almost forced to tears. 
At this moment, Wilma took out her phone and played a recording in front of everyone! 
The scene fell silent as the voices in the recording rang out, spewing words too vulgar to be heard. 
It was Shannon’s usual words of abuse toward the servants at home. 
The crowd was stunned! 
“Oh my God! Record it!” 
“Is this how a wealthy madam should behave? Even the old wom downstairs in my neighborhood is more civilized than her!” 
“Damn, we’d have to censor everything if it were to be released!” 
Bethany turned pale. She often tormented the servants as well and was afraid that the next recording would be her voice. 
“Come! Everyone, look at this! This is how our elegant and graceful Madam Shannon’s considerate and generous attitude towards the servants!” Wilma raised her phone and shouted.
“Damned old hag! How dare you target me? Stop playing it!” 
Shannon’s face was beet red as she rushed forward to snatch the phone, but the bodyguards from the Thompson family would not let this crazy woman near Wilma, blocking her way entirely. 
Therefore, under the media’s flashlights, it looked as if Shannon was showing her claws one-sidedly, creating a hilarious effect. 
“Madam, you can’t even endure this one recording? I still have dozens. It’s only the tip of the iceberg of your tyrannical behavior in the Salvador family all these years.” 
As she spoke, Wilma released another recording. 
This one started with a loud slapping sound. Anyone could tell that it was a fierce slap. 
“Linny! Do you have hands? Why can’t you even do such easy stuff properly? We don’t hire useless trash!” Shannon’s sharp voice sounded as unpleasant as fingernails scraping on a blackboard 
Shannon’s face turned pale as she trembled. 
“Sorry, Madam Shannon… I’ll tidy it up now… Ah!” 
Linny’s pained voice rang out, causing everyone’s hearts to tigh 
“Linny! Didn’t you hear me calling you? Are you deaf?!” Bethany’s voice appeared, acting much like her mother. 
“Sorry, Ms. Bethany… I’ll come over now.” 
With solid evidence, Shannon and Bethany could not brush it off.
“What day and age is it now? Do you think it’s the feudal age, torturing your workers like this? Even ancient princesses wouldn’t dare beat and scold palace maids at will!” Axel gritted his teeth angrily and wanted to yell at Shannon, but Asher and Ralph stopped him. 
“Tsk, Axel looks more intimidating than a dog when he can’t control his temper.” Drew shook his head with a sigh. 
Bella was filled with so much resentment and hatred that her eyes turned red. Her throat felt as if it had been pierced. 
Justin held her stiff waist tightly, silently comforting her almost- breaking emotions. However, the veins bulged on his hand around her waist, showing that he was unable to hold on. 
Shannon and Bethany’s lies were exposed, causing the reporters to uproar. 
“Let’s go. We’ll leave now!” 
Shannon gritted her teeth as she pulled Bethany along and rush of the crowd. 
At this moment, Bella and Justin felt a gush of cold wind passing from their sides. 
When they looked up, they saw Linny’s grandmother expressionlessly holding a bowl of boiling water, slamming it directly onto Shannon’s head without a word. 
Shannon let out a scream, feeling as if her scalp was splitting open. 
Drenched and dripping water, she had never been so embarrassed in her life!
###chapter974
Bethany could not dodge in time and was also caught in it. She was so nauseous that she almost vomited. 
The crowd was stunned! 
Everyone fell into a great shock, including Bella and Justin. 
Who could have thought that an old woman who was bedridden a few days ago due to the passing of her only remaining family was filled with the strength to kill her enemies now? She glared at Shannon, and every inch of her bones seemed indestructible! 
It commanded respect from the others. 
“You evil bitch… Get lost now! Don’t stand here and dirty Linny’s road to heaven!” 
Linny’s grandmother stood straight, despite her small frame. Her voice was full of vitality. “If you don’t scram now, I’ll bust your head open with these bowls! My only granddaughter is not here anymore. There’s nothing left for me to live for. I’m not afraid of using my life to go against you corrupted conglomerates!” 
Shannon and Bethany arrived grandly, but they ended up damaging their own image and fleeing in desperation. 
Their departure also brought the reporters away. After all, they needed to write about the wife of the Salvador Corporation’s chairman’s glorious deeds. 
Although Linny’s, funeral started amidst the chaos, it ended smoothly.
After the fuss Shannon and Bethany made, Linny’s grandmother exhausted herself and fainted. She was urgently sent to the hospital by the Thompsons to receive the best care and treatment. 
In the lounge, Bella sat on the sofa and looked gloomy. 
Although they had won this battle, she still shook in anger when she thought of how Shannon and Bethany humiliated and bullied Linny in Wilma’s recording. It was as if thousands of arrows had pierced her heart, making her convulse in pain. 
Asher and Axel took care of the aftermath, as they needed to control the media. Even though Justin had announced his stance in front of the whole nation’s media, they still needed to take precautions to protect their sister. 
Ralph wanted to stay with Bella but had other cases to deal with at the police station and left first. 
The ones accompanying her in the lounge were Steven, Amelia, Drew, and Justin. 
“Did you turn on the air conditioner? Why is it a little cold?” Bella asked in a daze, hugging herself. 
“No, Bella.” 
Amelia looked worried. “Are you sick? I’ll get a blanket for you.” 
Just as she was about to leave, Justin quickly took off his suit jacket and wrapped it around Bella’s body carefully, as if he were looking after an infant. 
Bella’s wet lashes lifted, and her heart skipped a beat. 
Justin kneeled before her on one knee, staring into her reddened eyes as if he wanted to delve into the softest and most painful corner of her heart.
“Bella, I know what you’re thinking. I understand you.” He did not say more than necessary, but his simple words hit harder instead. 
“I just feel cold.” Bella’s pale lips parted as she muttered, looking at him with teary eyes. 
Justin’s heart ached as if it had been run over by a truck. He opened his arms and hugged her, wanting to envelop Bella completely. 
“Are you still cold?” His deep voice echoed in her ear. 
Bella bit her lips lightly, her body leaning against his chest like she was boneless, and shook her head. 
“With me around, you’ll never be cold again.” Justin coaxed her like a child. 
He knew that Bella was reminded of some painful memories. She was never really over Linny’s death. 
They would take it slow. When a kind person was emotionally wounded, it would take a long time to heal. He had enough love and patience for that. 
Drew and Steven watched as the two silently embraced each other like animals searching for warmth. The tension that hung in their hearts dissipated. 
Amelia, being an emotional person, felt touched. Her eyes teared up. 
Suddenly, she felt a warm sensation in her hand. 
Steven gently took her hands, slowly interlocking their fingers.
###chapter975
Amelia’s breath became erratic, her face blushing as red as a tomato. 
They silently held hands, each blushing more than the other, and hoped that this moment would carry on forever, unwilling to let go. 
Bella felt calmer and said to Justin, “After what happened today, Wilma can’t stay in Tideview Manor anymore. If both of you don’t mind, I’d like Wilma to go to Hatchbay and work in Yara Park. If she wants to retire, I will buy a house for her at Hatchbay so she can enjoy her retired life in peace. I don’t feel assured that Wilma will stay in Savrow. I’m afraid Shannon and Bethany won’t let go of their grudge and target her.” 
“Bella, we have the same thoughts.” 
Justin was relieved. “I’d like to settle Wilma and have her leave Savrow temporarily. She can come back after I get rid of Shannon. But if she could settle down at Hatchbay, it would be great. I agree with it.” 
“I’m only worried that Wilma will be unwilling to leave with me. S couldn’t bear to leave you, her godson.” Bella squinted mischievou teasing him. 
“She won’t.” 
Justin’s eyes shone as he rubbed her fingertips. “Wilma said that home is where I am. If I’m not there, it should be with her Young Madam.” 
“Young Madam? That’s not me!” Bella panicked and turned her head away, ignoring Justin. 
Justin chuckled and patted Bella’s head dotingly.
Drew could not take it anymore. He quickly slipped out to smoke. If he continued watching that sweet couple, he’d get diabetes! 
At this moment, Justin’s phone rang 
He took it out of his pocket and looked at the screen, his eyes flashing. “Bella, I need to take this call.” 
Bella watched as he left, her heart tightening. 
Outside the door, Ryan’s voice rang out when Justin picked up the call. “Justin, it’s ready. When are you planning to move?” 
“Evening. With my plane.” Justin’s gaze was dark. 
“Why not mine? Oh, you don’t need to save that bit of fuel money for me!” 
Ryan was generous. “You are my wife’s brother. I need to take go care of you!” 
“Your private plane has a model older than mine. Its speed is too slow.” 
“Fuck! Don’t embarrass me like that! 
Ryan huffed indignantly and then asked in a whisper, “Did you tell Bella?” 
“I can’t.” 
Justin shut his eyes, and his fists curled into a ball as he took a deep breath. “I know Bella. She hates injustice. She must personally kill her enemies to find closure. If she knows I am going to find Winston, she will want to go with me, and nobody can stop her. The situation in Terranova is too dangerous. How can I bring her along? I’m not crazy.”
“Tsk, there’s really no one else like you who dotes on his wife to this extent.” 
Ryan could not help exclaiming. After thinking about it, he added, “ 
There’s really no one else like us who loves our wives so much.” 
“You’re good at flattering yourself.” Justin mocked, curling the corner of his lips. 
After they dealt with their enemies, he hoped his best friend could find happiness with his sister. He also hoped that he could have a new start with Bella. 
Justin ended the call with Ryan but was not in a hurry to return to Bella. He stood by the window, smoking while organizing his messy thoughts. 
Suddenly, he heard familiar and light footsteps behind him.
###chapter976
Justin immediately turned around. A captivating fragrance wafted over, strumming his heartstrings. 
Bella approached him, her eyes gleaming as she wrapped her arms around him, trapping him under her rosy and plump lips. 
Before him were Bella’s rose lips, moist like morning dew, acting as a fatal attraction, causing Justin’s face to burn. His throat bobbed. 
“Did you forget what I told you before?” 
Bella’s hand traced down from his broad shoulders to his chest, then to the defined abs hidden under his suit… 
Justin’s heart pounded loudly, his dazed gaze following her red lips. 
Just as Justin could not hold it back and wanted to kiss her, he suddenly felt an emptiness between his fingers. 
Bella snatched his cigarette and put it between her lips, taking a deep breath. She coughed violently, causing her face and neck to turn at once. 
“Silly girl. You don’t know how to smoke, so don’t try it.” Justin pinched her flushed cheeks, feeling amused. 
“I don’t understand. What’s so good about this thing? It’s choking you!” 
Bella threw the cigarette and stomped on it angrily. “You and Drew cannot live without cigarettes. You are humans, not chimneys. I wil start playing anti-smoking educational videos on lung cancer 24 hours
a day at home. I don’t believe it won’t cure your bad habits!” 
After that, her face turned redder. 
Justin lowered his gaze and stared at her, raising his hand to throw his cigarette box into the trash bin. 
He held her waist, his hot breath spraying on her nose. Even his gaze was lustful. “Sorry, Bella. I will try my best to quit. No, I will definitely quit smoking.” 
“I know it’s hard for you guys, who’ve been avid smokers for over a decade, to quit. Just try smoking less. I’m not that inhumane,” Bella muttered and pouted. 
“No, I must quit.” 
Justin recalled the past and felt a sting in his heart. “You’ve told me, over and over again to quit smoking without getting impatient, but I never listened to you. 
“In the future, your words are my wish. But…” 
Bella blinked. “But what?” 
“If I quit smoking, can I still watch TV twenty-four hours a day at house?” Justin asked foolishly, slightly blushing like a boy who just experienced love. 
Having lived for thirty years, it seemed he had just started learn how to date. 
“Pfft!” 
Bella covered her mouth and laughed. “Stupid! What a dumb question!” 
Justin loved watching her smile. As long as she smiled, he did not mind being a fool forever.
“When are you leaving?” Bella suddenly asked. 
Justin glanced at his watch. “Any moment now.” 
“Should I see you off?” 
“No need. It’s been a long day. Go back and rest early.” 
“Justin.” 
The next second, Bella tiptoed and kissed his lips. Compared to how unfamiliar she was last time, this kiss was more familiar and lingering. 
Bella only wanted a peck, but she underestimated Justin’s longing for her. 
He held her chin and deepened the kiss. Their tongues entangled, finding it hard to separate. 
After a while, Bella lightly pushed his heaving chest. They parted, leaving behind a glistening thread of saliva. 
Justin licked his thin lips, unwilling to let go of her sweetness. “Be you improved.” 
Bella was shy and embarrassed. She wanted to pound his chest, b in the end, she straightened his tie and smoothed out the wrinkles o his suit like a gentle and understanding wife. 
“Come back soon. If you’re late, I won’t leave the door open for you.”
###chapter977
The video of Shannon and Bethany causing a scene at Linny’s funeral quickly went viral on the Internet! 
Asher might have done something behind the scenes, or the present reporters who disliked Shannon came to a consensus. They only exposed recordings of Wilma confronting Shannon and Linny’s grandmother throwing boiling water on Shannon. 
Bella and Justin were not mentioned at all. They were well protected. 
Originally, what caused more waves than Shannon torturing her servants was the fact that Bella was Justin’s ex-wife. 
However, with the pressure from KS Group and the Salvador 
Corporation’s president, no reporter dared to release this information, fearing it would end their careers. 
Although gossip about Bella and Justin being secretly married had spread throughout the Internet, it was overshadowed by the exploding news of Shannon’s misdeeds. 
The netizens uploaded pictures and gifs of Shannon drenched in water, coupled with memes and jokes. Even the Salvador 
Corporation’s PR department found it difficult to suppress the situation. 
[LMAO! I hope Shannon lives longer, I’m relying on her negative n to stay motivated!] 
[A bitch like this who exploits the dead and looks down on the common people should rot in jail for the rest of her life!]
[The apple doesn’t fall far from the tree! Shannon’s daughters can’t be much better than her!] 
[Her elder daughter is definitely a stupid bitch, but her youngest daughter never showed herself in public. Since she’s low-profile and has no negative news, she should be a good woman!] 
[What kind of good daughter can someone like Shannon raise? They’re all the same!] 
Shannon’s reputation was as good as gone! 
Bethany already had a dark history, and now, thanks to her mother, she was brought out to be bullied online again. 
However, these were far from enough. 
What Bella and Justin wanted was not just for them to be discredited on the Internet. 
They wanted Shannon and Bethany completely ruined! 
…… 
After Ryan finished dealing with his work and Justin’s business prepared to go home to say goodbye to his wife. 
Sitting in the car, he madly scrolled through the Twitter comme using his burner account to curse out all the netizens badmouth Carrie. 
The Young Master of the Hoffman family was usually arrogant an mighty, commanding a holier-than- thou attitude. But now he was lik a resentful shrew, cursing and ranting with the group of haters onli 
It was all to stand up for his wife and defend her!
The driver was so frightened that he wiped his sweat while driving. His whole body trembled except for his hands, which were steady due to muscle memory. 
“Yasmin!” Ryan suddenly growled. 
The driver’s face paled, and he stuttered, “Mr. Hoffman, have you forgotten that you left Yasmin in the villa to take care of Young Madam Carrie? She didn’t come with us…” 
“Fuck… I forgot about it.” Ryan exhaled deeply. 
He had ordered the people around him to start addressing Carrie as Young Madam Carrie.” 
In fact, Ryan even wanted to transfer half of his personal assets, including the shares he held and housing properties, to Carrie’s name. 
He had considered it for a long time. The reason he still had not acted upon it was that he wanted the dangerous matters to be over before he could officially propose marriage to the Salvador family. It wo make him look good. 
Before that, he must help Justin and Bella get rid of Shannon. 
It was not just because of their brotherly relationship. Ryan had a of a hidden agenda. 
Who would be willing to have a troublemaker as their future mother law? It was equivalent to having a timebomb around them! 
Ryan could not wait until he got home. He called Yasmin and said Yasmin, immediately arrange for someone to monitor the online 
comments! If any media badmouthed my wife, I want you to catch that reporter. I’ll beat him up! If there are any keyboard warriors talking shit, find them too. I will sue them into bankruptcy!”
“I’ve already started sending people to monitor and delete unfavorable comments towards Young Madam Carrie without you saying so. Like you, I don’t want this clown show to affect her.” 
Yasmin had been working for him for many years, and she understood Ryan too well. 
“Good job! I’ll give you a generous bonus!” Ryan nodded in approval.
###chapter978
“But there is something more troublesome right now.” 
Yasmin sighed and felt guilty. “In the morning, Young Madam Carrie had gotten news of Linny’s funeral while watching TV…” 
Ryan’s heart skipped a beat. What he feared the most still happened. 
“It was my negligence. I didn’t expect the news to be reported so soon since we had sealed the information before. However, these aren’t excuses. It’s still my mistake. Don’t reward me. I’d rather you punish me.” Yasmin was gloomy and willing to take responsibility . 
“It’s not your fault, Yasmin. You took care of Carrie every day and handled business matters for me. You’ve already worked hard.” 
Ryan’s heart felt heavy, and his eyes were filled with worry. “How’s Carrie looking now?” 
“Young Madam Carrie… It’s not good. She kept crying non-stop. Please come back quickly.” 
“Alright. I’m on my way.” 
Ending the call, Ryan thought about his wife crying at home n felt worried and afraid. His blood pressure soared, and he kic back of the driver’s seat. 
“Driver faster! Do you still want to get paid?!” 
“Yes!” The driver stepped on the gas pedal and was scared stiff! 
Ryan rushed home anxiously, immediately flying up the stairs to check on his wife without even taking the time to change his clothes.
“Mr. Hoffman.” Yasmin guarded the door and bowed to him. 
“She’s inside?” Ryan’s heart raced. 
“Yes. Young Madam Carrie refused to eat or drink, shutting herself inside.” 
Yasmin pursed her lips and felt distressed. “I didn’t dare to go in. You know that Young Madam Carrie needs you the most now.” 
Ryan pushed open the door lightly and walked in. 
Although it was not daytime, the curtains were all closed, and the lights were switched off. The dim atmosphere felt suffocating. 
“Honey? Honey?” 
Ryan searched the study, bedroom, changing room, and bathroom but could not find the person he was looking for. 
He panicked, his shoulders trembling beneath his suit, and hi Ims were soaked in cold sweat! 
“Carrie!? Carrie!” 
His voice brought Yasmin, who was guarding outside the d the room. 
“Carrie is missing!” Ryan was at a loss. 
“How could it be?!” 
Yasmin also started panicking. “I’ve been outside the door all the time. Young Madam Carrie did not step out of the room!”
Her words were like lightning that struck down on Ryan, causing his handsome face to turn pale. All kinds of terrifying scenes played out in his mind, and he could not take it anymore! 
Gathering his courage, Ryan peered out the window with a forehead full of cold sweat. 
There was nothing on the ground. 
He let out a sigh of relief, and his hanging heart finally calmed down. However, he felt drained, his expensive suit drenched in sweat. 
Yasmin knew what Ryan was afraid of. She felt the same way. 
After all, Carried had mental issues. They were afraid she might do something extreme under such stimulation.
###chapter979
“Find her!” 
Ryan slammed his palm on the window, his eyes narrowing into an anxious curve. “Even if you flip over the villa, you must find my wife!” 
“Yes! I’ll take some men to search around now!” 
Yasmin immediately left. 
The room returned to silence. Ryan’s tense emotions finally eased a little, enabling him to think calmly. 
At this moment, he faintly heard a soft sobbing sound, and his heart tightened. 
“Carrie!” 
Ryan was overjoyed, following the sound as he strode toward the bedroom. 
The weak sobs became clearer, causing his heart to be in pain, 
Finally, he stopped in front of the wardrobe in the bedroom. Th were more apparent, accompanied by sounds of fabric rustling 
Ryan opened the wardrobe door slowly. The next second, his wrenched in so much pain that he could not breathe. 
Carrie’s frail body curled into a ball like a kitten that could not fin way home, hiding and shivering in a dark corner. 
She hugged herself tightly, her soaked hair sticking to her forehe
She was starting to feel deprived of oxygen after hiding here for a long time, and her delicate face turned bright red from the lack of air. 
“Ryan…” 
Once she saw Ryan, Carried could not hold back anymore and cried her heart out, her pale lips cracking. Crystal-like tears fell from her eyes uncontrollably. “Is Linny dead… Is Linny really dead?” 
Her tears fell on Ryan’s heart, creating bloody dents in his already- aching heart. 
He reached out his strong arms and carried her soaked body out of the wardrobe. 
When Ryan touched Carrie’s skin, he immediately panicked. 
Her body burned like a furnace. It was evident that she had been hiding in the wardrobe for too long. 
Ryan’s tears welled up, and even his comforting voice choked up. Sorry. Sorry, Carrie…” 
He did not know what else to say and could only apologize repeatedly while feeling like a mess. 
“Linny… Really died? Is it true…” Carried kept asking without tired of it. 
“She merely went to another world that was better and happier answered patiently. 
In the end, perhaps due to exhaustion, grief, and a lack of oxygen Carried fell into a deep slumber. 
Ryan immediately got the Hoffman family’s doctor to examine her situation, only feeling assured when he knew it was due to excessive grief and low blood sugar. A drip and some rest would be sufficient. 
He kneeled on a knee by Carrie’s bedside, holding her hand tightly. His lips lingered around her arm, feeling uneasy.
“Mr. Hoffman, the car is waiting for you. We should go.” 
Yasmin hesitated for a moment and then whispered, “If you can’t bear to leave Young Madam Carrie, just don’t go. I’ll take your place. It’s dangerous to catch a criminal in Terranova, and things are not the same anymore. You have someone you care about now. It’s better to stóp interfering with matters like this.” 
“No, I must go.” 
Ryan pressed Carrie’s hand to his chest. His gaze was reluctant, but his tone was firm and unwavering. I promised Justin. He is like my brother; I must help him. Moreover, if that bastard didn’t kill Linny, would things turn out like this? Could my wife fall sick from crying? 
Fuck. When I catch that bastard, he’ll regret being born!” 
With the Hoffman family’s ruthlessness, that man could never 
Terranova alive with all his limbs intact. 
However, Justin insisted on bringing him back alive to let Bella with him, making the mission much more difficult. How could h lend a hand? 
“Then you must be extra careful on this mission. I prepared bulletproof vests for you and Mr. Salvador, so you must wear then
###chapter980
“Okay, enough! Yasmin, why do you mag more than my mother? I chose you because you were a person of few words. You’re becoming a blabbermouth as you get older!” Ryan teased. 
Yasmin pursed her lips and stepped back, feeling embarrassed. 
In the past, women around Ryan came and went, but only she remained unmoved. 
All these years, she took on different roles around him-his secretary, bodyguard, dance partner, and even a friend he could speak his mind to. When it was necessary, she acted as his lover to deal with those annoying pursuers. 
She was used to being by his side and feeling needed by him. She had never had a man before, except for Ryan. 
They were not lovers, but sometimes they were closer than lovers. 
Yasmin did not know whether it was love. However, she knew tha there was never a possibility between them. 
Moreover, Ryan had met his one true love. She should not nag h anymore, overstepping her boundaries and causing him to be annoyed. 
“Yasmin, you might need to work harder for the next few days.” 
Ryan kissed Carrie’s lips and slowly stood up, ordering Yasmin, Please guard Carrie without letting her out of your sight. You will move to sleep in her room from now on. Lock the door and window at night, and never let down your guard.”
“Yes, Mr. Hoffman. I will.” 
Yasmin nodded with a bright gaze. “I will take care of Young Madam 
Carrie tirelessly. I guarantee you with my life that she will be safe when you return.” 
The Salvador Corporation was in a mess, busy trying to take care of Shannon’s scandals. 
In actuality, Gregory did not do it to help Shannon this time. He needed to save the Salvador Corporation’s image, which had been stained by the negative news again. 
They had grown too big to be ignored. Since Justin took over the 
Salvador Corporation, he has carried out several reformative decisions. His iron-like methods enabled the company to expand rapidly in Savrow and throughout the continent. 
However, the price of this rapid progression was making numerous enemies and being watched by many business rivals. 
Now, the Salvador Corporation has an important project with the number two conglomerate in Meridan. If they took a hit and caused their reputation to plummet, shaking the stock market, it might heavily impact the project, giving those enemies an opening. 
“Gregory! What do you have to say now? How much longer are you going to protect that damned woman?” 
Outside the chairman’s office in the Salvador Corporation, a few high- level executives lined up, listening to the chaos in the room. They were scared stiff, wiping their sweat. 
Inside the room, there was a mess on the ground.
Nigel, sitting in a wheelchair, had thrown everything on the desk onto Gregory. A pencil holder struck his forehead, causing a bump to form. 
However, Gregory stood there with his head hung low, not moving an inch. 
It seemed to have become the Salvador family’s practice to clear a desk when throwing a fit. 
“The stock market this morning had almost blinded me! And you, just go online and see how people are talking about us!” 
Nigel was furious, pointing at Gregory’s nose. He cursed, “They said we are a family of monsters, rich bastards, and all villains! Our image is destroyed by that stupid bitch!” 
Gregory gritted his teeth and clenched his fists, feeling a ball of fire. running through his body. 
He had seen everything Nigel did. The anger in his heart was no less than that of his father’s. 
He repeatedly warned Shannon to keep a low profile and know he place, but she continuously disregarded his words, doing as she pleased. Now, she had made an irreversible mistake! 
She dared to do this because of the indulgence he had shown her over the years. It was because he doted on her. 
Gregory regretted it, but he was unwilling to admit his mistake in front of his father. He could not accept that he had made a wrong choice in the past. 
“Shannon is grounded, and she is reflecting at home now. Without my word, she can’t take a step out of Tideview Manor.” 
Gregory took a deep breath. “Father, I think she went to the funeral for the sake of the Salvador family. Regardless of whether she sincerely wanted to mourn that maid, she wanted to build a good image for
the company with this action. 
“If everything goes accordingly, there wouldn’t have been any mistakes. Things became like this because of your good granddaughter, Ms. Bella!”
###chapter981
At the mention of Bella, Nigel’s expression changed and became more gloomy. 
“What did you say? What do you mean by it?” 
“Bella has always been at odds with Shannon. It was a well-known fact in the Salvador family before she divorced Justin. Think about it. 
Since they divorced, Bella has brought trouble to us every time she appeared. This time, she was also present, which caused things to turn out like this. Even if she doesn’t care about Shannon, she should at least consider our family’s reputation for your sake and Justin’s!” 
Gregory only wanted to hide his mistake of misjudging his wife, but he got more agitated as he spoke, venting his grudge against Bella and almost deceiving himself. 
“At a solemn occasion like a funeral yesterday, why did she choose to cause trouble then? Even if she wanted to, couldn’t she wait until the funeral was over? Her actions showed that she wanted to become the Salvador Corporation’s enemy. Things got to this point because of Bella’s pettiness, a consequence of her recklessly coming for our family!” 
“From what you’re saying, you think this matter is Bella’s fault?” Nigel’s eyes narrowed. 
“At the very least, she has something to do with it,” Gregory said without blushing, throwing the blame on Bella. 
“Fuck you!” 
Nigel could not hold back his emotions and cursed, randomly grabbing a phone on the desk and throwing it at Gregory.
This time, Gregory dodged it. If he did not, he would end up with multiple bumps on his forehead. 
“One of our servants died in an accident, but you and Shannon, as masters of the Tideview Manor, treated her life with such indifference! Since the incident happened, there has been no 
response from you. Bella brought her family to arrange the funeral for that poor maid, giving her enough respect and dignity. It’s fine that you didn’t appreciate the gesture. You can’t control your wife and even try to turn things around by blaming everything on Bella, who was innocent… How old are you? Don’t you feel ashamed to bully a young woman in her twenties?” 
As long as his beloved Bella was involved, Nigel could not keep calm. His eyes reddened with anger, and his pale lips trembled. “Gregory, when did you become so cold-blooded and cruel, unable to distinguish right from wrong?! Or perhaps you’ve always been like this and never changed. It was me who was blind and ignorant, only seeing your true colors now!” 
Gregory was stunned! 
Looking at his father glaring at him with resentful eyes, his blood seemed to freeze, and the veins in his temples bulged. 
“Deep down, you never approved of me, right? Back then, you hoped the one going to prison was me, not my brother, wasn’t it?” 
Nigel’s pupils contracted. He slammed on his wheelchair’s armrest.’ You and Gary are both my sons. You are equal in my heart-my own flesh and blood! I never favored one of you more than the other, but your wild guesse’s made you think I favored your brother more, neglecting you! But now, I’ve started regretting it. I regret not throwing you into jail and giving you a few years to wake the fuck up! I regret that I didn’t hire someone to kill that vixen when you insisted on marrying Shannon! I regret not
protecting Justin and his mother, letting Justin lose his mother at such a young age, and you missed a good woman who sincerely loved you!” 
“Loved me… What did you say?” Gregory’s face paled as he asked in a daze. 
Nigel thought of Justin’s mother, Mary. Bitterness surged in his heart. “Mary only ever loved you. She never changed her mind, nor did she have another man in her heart. 
“I’ve been thinking about where Justin’s devoted character came from. I thought he inherited my personality, but now I understand it’s his mother.” 
“Impossible… How could it be?” 
Gregory trembled with a misty gaze. “If she loves me, why isn’t she willing to marry me and become a legal couple? Why did she treat me with such coldness? She doesn’t even let me touch her…” 
“Because she was unwell and suffering from severe depression. Her mind and body were enduring constant torture from sickness. The first thing she thought about when she woke up in the morning was how she should die, but when she thought of Justin, she could not bear to leave her young son behind.”
###chapter982
Gregory staggered back in disbelief, his heart spasming from excruciating pain. 
Back then, he knew Mary suffered from depression, but apart from always staying in the house and speaking less, she did not exhibit any unusual behaviors. 
Moreover, during that era, people did not understand much about depression. Many depressed patients were often overlooked by their families, even being called pretentious. Therefore, Gregory was unaware of the severity of Mary’s illness. 
He was busy with his work as the chairman, so he neglected her. 
Nigel’s weathered eyes revealed a hint of sorrow. “Back then, she refused to marry you and started distancing herself from you. I thought she was trying to manipulate you or that she fell in love with someone else. 
“But one day, she came to meet me while you were on a business trip and told me everything on her mind…” Nigel’s thoughts went back to the past. 
“Mr. Salvador, I came to beg you for one thing.” 
Nigel recalled how Mary stood in front of him, bare-faced and dressed plainly. However, she was still stunningly beautiful, stirring the protective instinct in men. No wonder his son was obsessed with her. 
“I hope you allow me to leave Gregory and the Salvador family.” 
“You want to leave the Salvador family?! How about Justin? Are you bringing him away?!” Nigel could not sit still after hearing that.
Mary shook her head slightly. 
“That’s my main purpose for seeing you. I will leave the Salvador family alone without taking anything away, including Justin. Justin is my son, but he is also Gregory’s son and your grandson. I could see that you genuinely care for him. With a loving grandfather, I could rest assured. Moreover, I am clear about my physical condition. With a mother like me, every day will be torture for Justin. In the long run, it might eventually exhaust us. I don’t want Justin to hate me.” 
Nigel could sense that the woman might look frail, but she was smart. 
She knew she could never provide Justin with what the Salvador family could. If her son stayed in the Salvador family, he would receive an elite education and become an outstanding young man with a bright future. 
“I have a question. I don’t understand why you would want to lea the Salvador family at this moment.” 
Although Nigel was secretly happy that Mary would not take his grandson away, he could not help his curiosity and asked, “You are the apple of my son’s eye. He would go to great lengths to make you smile. If it were medieval times, he would go to war for you. He even wanted to get married to you. You should know that if you became his legal wife, you would be the Salvador family’s madam. You have a son who is likely to become the future heir of the Salvador Corporation if there are no accidents. A life of luxury lies before you, but you want to leave. Are you really willing to give it up? Or… Do you have someone else you love? Did you only date Gregory due to the Salvador family’s influence and power, not out of genuine feelings?” 
As his words fell, Nigel thought he had been too harsh. 
However, Mary did not seem angry at all. Her expression remained calm.
“No, Mr. Salvador. I love Gregory. I love him very much. But with my mental state and physical condition, I am unsuitable to become his wife and the lady boss of the Salvador Corporation. I don’t know how long I could accompany him. The one standing by his side should be a beautiful and outstanding woman who could take care of his children and help out with his career. But I can’t do any of these. I don’t want to become a burden. Therefore, it’s better to cut off his thoughts about me, and I could leave in peace.” 
Nigel’s eyes reddened after he narrated all this.
###chapter983
One could imagine how soul-crushing and heart-wrenching Gregory felt after hearing this. 
He stood rooted in place with a dumbfounded look, his eyes empty as his heart thumped against his chest, almost shattering his bones into pieces. 
“No… How could it be… How could it…” His lips trembled as they parted, and even the muscles on his face twitched. 
Seeing Gregory immersed in overwhelming shock, Nigel immediately thought of Justin. 
No matter which aspect, he thought his grandson had more potential than his son. But on this part, the father and son were similar. 
They would not shed a tear until they saw the coffin. Unless someone put it in their face, they would never admit how wrong and foolish their past actions were! 
“Mary asked me to keep it a secret from you. She wanted to leave quietly and didn’t want you and Justin to stay attached.” 
Nigel shook his head in regret. “I was foolish and selfish at that time. Without considering her feelings, I only wanted Justin to stay in our family. I didn’t want to meddle in your affairs. But I didn’t expect 
Shannon to appear amid everything! I didn’t expect you to change your mind and bring such a worthless bitch into the family! How regretful I am…” 
“If… If Mary didn’t treat me so coldly… If she didn’t hate me so much, how would I… ” 
Until now, Mary still had a higher position than Shannon in Gregory’s heart.
Even if Shannon did not commit such heinous crimes, Mary was irreplaceable in Gregory’s heart. 
However, he was stubborn. He never admitted his mistake or gave up. 
Gregory was born with a silver spoon and was one of the chosen ones. He got everything he wanted, and everyone was at his command. 
He could not tolerate Mary’s indifference and accept that her heart did not belong to him. 
Therefore, Shannon could come between them and take advantage of the situation. That cunning and malicious woman seized the opportunity to replace Mary. 
“Matt, give him what Mary stored with me back then.” Nigel sighed heavily. 
“Yes, Old Master Nigel.” 
Matt took out a wooden box from his hand-carry bag and walked Gregory, passing it to him. “Chairman Salvador, this is the former Madam’s personal belongings. Before she decided to leave the Salvador family, she gave them to Old Master Nigel, stating that it was a waste to throw them away, but keeping them would be heartbreaking. I return this to its rightful owner now. There are gifts you gave her, such as rings.” 
Gregory stared at the box in a daze, his fingers trembling as they curled inward. He did not dare to take it. 
“The dead have moved on, and you have a new wife now. I thought you didn’t have to see these things.” 
Nigel’s eyes darkened. “But at this point, I should give this to you, or you will never be able to see who you really love most. You won’t realize how big of a fool you are now!”
Gregory took the box and felt his throat dry up. He found it hard to speak. 
After he left, the office, Nigel rubbed his temples, so mad that he felt drained, as if he had no strength left. 
“Old Master Nigel, I have a question. 
Matt hesitated and asked softly, “Ms. Mary wanted you to get rid of this box back then. Why did you keep it for her all these years without doing as she said?” 
“Because I am waiting for the day he finally sees Shannon’s true colors.”
###chapter984
“But you saw it just now. Chairman Salvador was still siding with her. It seems he hasn’t truly…” 
“Hmph, he was only protecting his pride. Who else understands my son if I don’t?” 
Nigel leaned backward, closing his eyes. “Now, it’s only one step away until he gives up on Shannon. At this moment, rekindling his feelings for his old lover might speed it up. The impact caused by the dead is often stronger than that of those still alive. It will enlighten him and make him regret his ways.” 
A luxury car headed toward Tideview Manor. 
Gregory gripped the wooden box tightly, mentally preparing himself for a long time before slowly opening it. 
The box had two layers. 
The first layer consists of many neatly arranged velvet pouches. Gregory’s heart felt as if it stung each time he opened one. 
The ring was what he gave her when he proposed. Although the diamond looked a little small now, it could still attract countless women’s jealousy thirty years ago. 
The emerald bracelet was her birthday gift, which he chose carefully. 
Back then, he remembered her birthday, their anniversary, and all the holidays lovers would celebrate. 
But now, he was not even willing to remember her death anniversary. 
Gregory took a deep breath and opened the second layer.
It was a stack of old photos that had turned yellow. 
He took the photos with trembling hands, flipping through the stack. 
Instantly, his eyes reddened, his ears buzzed, and tears welled up. 
He remembered. Mary loved photography. She always held a small camera, taking a stroll in Tideview Manor while taking photos. 
At that time, he did not know what she was photographing, but now he knew. 
There was only one subject in Mary’s photographs-him. 
On the back of the photos were words that she hid deep within her heart, unable to tell him. It was restrained, gentle, and lingering. 
“I look at the sky at dawn and the clouds at dusk, but I’m always thinking of you.” 
“I don’t know when it started, but I can’t live without you now. Perhaps this was what the Bible meant, where a woman is made from a man’s ribs.” 
“Gregory, I hope my low-born status, unspeakable past, and clumsy love did not become a concern for you.” 
“I know that my love was nothing worth mentioning in your bright and shining life. But Gregory, this is all I could give you.” 
“I love you very much.” 
Gregory’s grip wrinkled the photo. Tears silently fell from his eyes through his face, dampening the elegant words.
“Why did you never tell me these? Mary, do you know that I’ve always loved you too…”
###chapter985
Shannon heard that she was confined and was throwing a tantrum at home, behaving like a madwoman, cursing and raging at everyone she saw. 
“Sorry, Madam Shannon. This is Chairman Gregory’s order. We could only follow it.” 
Gregory’s secretary, Paul, glanced at her coldly, not bothering to conceal the mockery in his tone. “I suggest you return to your room quietly and don’t make things difficult for both of us. After all, because of you, the whole Salvador Corporation is in chaos. Don’t create more trouble for Chairman Salvador.” 
“How dare you!” 
With glaring red eyes, Shannon slapped Paul’s face fiercely. “I am the madam of the Salvador family! You are merely a dog relying on its master’s power. How dare you speak to me in this tone?!” 
Paul smiled instead. “Indeed, Chairman Salvador treats me well, an rely on him. But aren’t you also relying on Chairman Salvador’s pow to act recklessly, ignore the law, and abuse your servants?” 
Shannon was stunned and quickly realized. 
Paul was beating around the bush to call her a dog too! 
Just as she wanted to give him another slap as a punishment, 
Gregory walked in expressionlessly. 
“Greg!” 
Shannon immediately withdrew her hand and threw herself in front of her husband while sobbing. “You finally came… Without you by my side, I feel like I can’t survive!”
Her demeanor changed instantly, turning into a different person from the unreasonable shrew before. 
Paul snorted, feeling nothing but disdain. 
“Aren’t you doing well without me? You still have the energy to lecture my secretary.” Gregory’s lips curled up sarcastically, and he stared at her without any warmth, causing Shannon’s hair to stand on end. 
“Greg, I saw the negative news about me at the funeral had been suppressed online. You did it, right?” 
Shannon wanted to throw herself into her husband’s arms with teary eyes. “I knew it… I knew you would do it for me. You would never stand aside and do nothing if something happened to me.” 
Gregory suddenly took a step back, letting Shannon miss her target embarrassingly. 
She raised her head in shock, meeting Gregory’s cold and intimidating gaze. 
“Who told you that I took action for you?” 
Gregory sneered. “I did so for the family and the Salvador Corporation.” 
“Greg, you…” Shannon was dumbfounded, unable to believe such words came from her husband. 
‘Shannon, l’am your husband, but more importantly, I am the Salvadoron Corporation’s chairman. l’immotaal tool to clean up your mess again and again.” 
Gregory turned his gaze awayy unwilling to look at her anymore. “This s the last time. If it happens again, let the netizens have their way with you. Even if you becomes theernest hated person online, it has nothing to do with me or the Salvation Corporation. 
You should take responsibility for theettrouble you created. Nobody has to bear your mistake.”
After that, he wanted to leave, but Shannonograbbed him tightly. Greg! How can you say this? I am your wife Your lover! How could you leave me to be bullied by others?” 
‘Wife? Don’t insult that word.” 
Gregory chuckled and pried her hand off his arm. “The Salvador amily is too humble to accommodate a lawlesss trooibblemaker like you. I also can’t tolerate a wife like you!” 
Gregory! You… Do you want to divorce me!?” Shannonstitite Do you think I don’t want to?!” 
egergry finally could not bear it anymore. The anger he held in epicted D’Do you think I don’t want to divorce you?! If the comp 
I’t in tramouble, if it weren’t for the fact that you gave me two 
ughterercado you think I would let you stay until now?!” 
annomtremebibled in fear, feeling a chill run down her spine. 
e had alwaysyth thought that she had Gregory in her palms, and she 
raised two daughters for him. No matter what, Gregory would never 
divorce her, regardless of whether he did it for the company’s interest 
or his pride. 
However, when she heard the word divorce coming from Gregory’s mouth, she felt her vision go black. 
She had truly lost this man.
###chapter986
No… No! 
Without her position as the wife of the Salvador Corporation’s chairman, who would even care about Shannon? Who would even pay any attention to her? 
The fact that she was Gregory’s wife was why Justin and Bella were cautious around her, unable to challenge her. 
If Shannon loses the protection of this man, those two would tear her apart alive! 
“From now on, you are forbidden to leave Tideview Manor without my permission. If you dare to disobey my orders, I’ll send you abroad. In that case, don’t even think about setting foot in Savrow ever again!” 
“How could you fail to distinguish what’s right from wrong, Greg? had good intentions. I attended the funeral to assist with the aftermath! It was all that malicious girl, Bella’s fault. She kept co at me like a dog with rabies, relentlessly trying to ruin the Salva family. That’s why things escalated!” Shannon desperately defen herself. 
“Do you think I’m an idiot?!” 
Gregory no longer wanted to listen to her nonsense. His tone was icy and full of resentment. “I’ve looked into it. Those reporters were all arranged by you! You knew you had issues with Bella, yet you deliberately provoked her by bringing people along. You willingly walked into trouble like a clown. Who else can you blame but yourself?! Stay away from me! Stop bothering me!” 
“Greg! You can’t do this to me… Greg!”
Amid their heated struggle, a resounding crash echoed. 
The wooden box in Gregory’s palm fell to the ground with a loud thud, its contents spilling out. 
As Gregory witnessed Mary’s jewelry scattered all over and the jade bracelet he had once gifted her now shattered into two pieces, rage surged within him. 
His eyes blazed with fiery anger, turning a fierce crimson as he glared fiercely at Shannon. His sharp gaze seemed to be on the verge of piercing through her very soul. 
Shannon, taken aback by Gregory’s intense stare, paled even further at the sight of the items on the ground. 
She recognized them. Those were Mary’s belongings. 
Why was he holding onto Mary’s belongings? 
Why would he hold onto mementos of someone long deceased someone he had supposedly forgotten for twenty years? 
“Get out, now.” 
“Greg, that was an accident. I…” 
“Get out!” 
Gregory roared angrily, his voice almost hoarse with exertion. 
Late at night, the atmosphere in the study was tranquil, with the silver moonlight streaming in through the window, casting a melancholic glow on Gregory’s face.
His secretary, Paul, entered the room, carrying medication to lower his blood pressure. 
“Chairman, it’s late. You haven’t been feeling well lately. You should get some rest.” 
“You’ve been through a lot tonight,” Gregory said in a low voice, still flipping through the photos left behind by Mary. 
Paul was briefly surprised, understanding that Gregory was referring to the incident that got him assaulted by Shannon earlier in the day. He smiled indifferently, saying, “I’ve been in your service for many years. That was nothing. But I believe Madam Mary wouldn’t bear to see you toil and fret like this. 
“Yeah. Mary wouldn’t bear it. She’s always been the most compassionate person.” 
As he spoke, Gregory’s throat tightened, his eyes reddening heartache. 
“Sir, are you considering drafting divorce papers?” Paul asked cautiously. 
Gregory’s eyes reflected an indescribable sense of melancholy as replied hoarsely, “Not yet. It’s not the right time. There are too ma complications at the moment. The Salvador family cannot afford any more chaos now.”
###chapter987
“Besides, you’re aware of my youngest daughter’s condition, too. If we were to divorce, I’d have to send Shannon abroad, as far away as possible. I fear parting ways with her mother would be too much for 
Carrie to bear. I’m worried that it’ll exacerbate her illness.” Paul nodded in understanding, acknowledging the complexity of the situation. 
“I asked you to track the whereabouts of Justin. Have you found out where he’s gone?” Gregory inquired. Sorry, Chairman Salvador. As you know, Mr. Salvador is quite adept at remaining undetected. He’s made it clear he doesn’t want anyone to know where he is, so it’s been impossible to track him down.” Paul responded, expressing a sense of resignation. 
Gregory remained silent as he dialed Justin’s number on his phone, 
After several attempts, Justin finally answered. 
“It’s late. Do you need anything?” 
“Justin, I…” 
“If you’re trying to convince me to attend the project meeting, s your effort. I won’t be going.” Justin’s tone was icy, devoid of any trace of father-son affection in their conversation. 
Gregory pursed his lips, his voice low as he asked, “Justin, are you free tomorrow? I’d like you to accompany me on an errand.” 
“Where to?”
To visit your mother.” 
The words hung heavy in the air, plunging Justin into a silence that ssent shivers down his father’s spine. 
Though separated by the phone line, Gregory could still feel the chilllling frost emanating from his own son’s end of the conversation. 
“Areeyyoujoking? Did you hear what you just said?” 
“I’m goidoking, Justin. I’m serious about it.” 
Gregoryytootkaaddeep breath, feeling an unfamiliar sense of unease and shanne despite his position as the leader of the Salvador Corporation. 
“I know i haven’t’todone enough over these years. Even though your mother is no longgerhhere with us, I haven’t fulfilled my duties as her husband. I haven’t paid my respects to her or spent time with her. I’ve truly been lacking.”” 
“Lacking?” 
Justin let out a bitter laughh hhis voice tinged with resentmen you saying that with just a fewwords, you can erase 23 years of debt and pain? Do you, estteened Chairman Salvador, believe deserve that? Do you think youuddeserve to stand before my mothe 
Forget it. My mother has me byyhkeenside every year, and she’s doin great up there. Don’t delude yoursshinto thinking you can go bother her again.” 
“What nonsense is this? I am her husband, the one she once loved the most!”
Gregory’s cheeks flushed with shame, but his pride would not allow his own son to trample on him. He retorted with red eyes, like a child defending itself, “You have no idea how deep her feelings were for 
Why shouldn’t I go see her?” 
“Even if my mother once loved you… 
Justin’s voice trembled with anger, sounding hoarse and alarming. “ 
The moment she leaped from the balcony of Tideview Manor, she stopped loving you. Sometimes, I truly believe that her choice to leave in such an extreme way, amidst all her pain, was a blessing. Staying alive by your side, enduring your emotional abuse every day, watching you share a bed with other women while pretending to be a dutiful wife. That agony is worse than death itself. Her love for you was the greatest source of her suffering.” 
In an instant, the horrific image of Mary’s tragic death flooded Gregory’s mind once again. 
He shuddered violently, his phone nearly slipping from his grasp. breath became heavy and sluggish, alarming Paul, who hesitated interrupt the father-son dialogue. 
“I’m not sure what has gotten in you to make such a request, but I want to make it clear that you have no right to stand before my mother. Not now, not ever.” 
After saying his piece, Justin did not wait for Gregory’s response before hanging up the phone. 
Gregory, feeling drained, broke out in a cold sweat, his complexion paling. 
“Chairman Salvador? Chairman Salvador? Are you okay?” Paul asked anxiously 
“Could you please fetch me a glass of water?” Gregory requested weakly, feeling more depleted than he had ever felt before.
###chapter988
“Yes, I’ll go get it right away.” 
Once Paul left the room, Gregory allowed his vulnerability to surface. 
He slouched, overwhelmed by the waves of guilt and anguish that engulfed him like a violent storm, causing an unbearable torment. 
At this moment, his mind was a tumultuous sea of conflicting 
thoughts. 
“I don’t know when it began, but I’ve become someone who can’t 
bear to be apart from you.” 
–“Every morning, her first thought is about how she should end her life, but she always can’t bring herself to abandon her young son, 
Justin.” 
–“Even if my mother once loved you, the moment she leaped from 
the balcony of Tideview Manor, she stopped loving you.” 
Suddenly, Gregory’s eyes snapped open, his heart pounding 
uncontrollably. 
Just then, Paul entered with a glass of water. 
“Paul, do you remember anything about Mary’s incident from twenty 
years ago?” 
Paul hesitated briefly before responding softly, “I have a good 
memory. Wasn’t it precisely because of this that you chose me to be your secretary? If you have any questions, feel free to ask.” 
“Back then, Mary suffered from depression. I recall sending you to take her to the hospital, and you took care of her for quite some time. 
How serious was her condition back then? Was it really severe?” Gregory’s eyes brimmed with sorrow and bitterness. 
“The doctor diagnosed Madam Mary with a severe tendency toward 
depression, but with Justin’s company and active treatment, Ms. 
Mary’s condition gradually improved,” Paul replied honestly. 
“A woman who loved me, couldn’t bear to leave her son, and simply 
wished to leave the Salvador family quietly… Why would she suddenly 
opt for suicide?” Gregory muttered, his brows furrowing deeply. 
Mary’s suicide years ago had taken the entire Salvador family by 
surprise. 
Although many people with depression may choose to end their lives abruptly, at that time, it was evident that Mary had already shown signs of improvement, and her outlook on life had become much more positive than before. Everything seemed to be moving in a 
better direction, especially with her son accompanying her. How 
could this have happened? 
With tightly pressed lips, Paul cautiously posed a question that sent a shiver down one’s spine. “Chairman Salvador, there’s something I’ve been holding back for twenty years, and I’d like to ask about it today. Regarding Madam Mary’s death, back then, did you never, even for a moment, suspect foul play in her death?” 
As the words trailed off, Gregory’s demeanor suddenly shifted as he locked eyes with Paul, his ears filled with a deafening buzz. 
* 
Meanwhile, in a presidential suite at a hotel in Terranova, Justin 
stood by the window. 
After the call with Gregory, his iron-clad fist pounded fiercely against 
the window, his eyes bloodshot with hatred, and tears of shattered 
emotions welled up in his eyes. 
He was moments away from revealing Shannon as the true culprit 
behind his mother’s death. 
But he managed to hold back from telling the truth. 
Now was not the time to speak out. Justin planned to expose the true nature of the woman Gregory has adored for two decades in a more 
brutal and theatrical manner. 
Only then could he shatter his father’s pride completely, subject him to ridicule from the entire world, and relish in his agony. 
Ryan let out a long sigh and walked over, pulling out a cigarette to 
offer to Justin. 
“Here, have one. Relax.” 
Justin instinctively reached for it. But then he hesitated and snapped 
the cigarette in half. 
“I’ve quit smoking.” 
“What?! What happened? This isn’t like you,” Ryan exclaimed, eyes 
wide. 
It was surprising, given Justin’s well known reliance on cigarettes. He 
could live without a woman, but never without a smoke! 
“Bella told me to quit smoking. So, I won’t be smoking from now on.” 
Only thoughts of his beloved woman could thaw his cold resolve and bring a warm smile to his face. 
###chapter989
Ryan was left speechless, his mouth hanging open for a while before 
he could gather himself. 
“Justin, have you ever realized that you actually tend to enjoy being 
controlled? You seem perfectly suited to be a submissive husband. If 
this continues, you’ll probably have to hand over your bank cards. Am 
I going to be covering the bills every time we go out then?” 
“Wasn’t it always you who covered the bills when we went out before?” Justin responded casually. 
Ryan fell silent, realizing the truth of Justin’s words. 
It was true. 
Justin was quite a homebody. Apart from work, working out, and 
boxing, Justin had no other hobbies. From what Justin remembere 
it was always Ryan generously footing the bill for him, arranging 
drivers and bodyguards to pick him up from Salvador’s residence to 
hang out. Rarely did he see Justin taking the initiative to plan 
anything. 
But Ryan enjoyed it thoroughly and harbored no resentment. 
Although Ryan lost his father at a young age, he knew that the love 
his family gave him was more than enough. In contrast, it seemed like Justin had everything and yet nothing at all. 
Therefore, he wanted to bring him as much happiness as possible, 
even if most of it was fleeting. He did not want Justin to continue 
living in the shadows. 
“You know, Ryan, I actually enjoy being taken care of by Bella.” 
Justin’s peach blossom eyes squinted slightly, his lips forming a gentle smile. “It shows that she genuinely cares about me and that I hold a place in her heart. I almost wish she’d handcuff us together all 
day so I could be with her every day. For Bella, I’m willing to give up my freedom for life.” 
“Woah, hold up, bro. That’s some straight-up creepy talk!” Ryan 
rubbed his arm repeatedly, feeling goosebumps forming. 
“You’ve always disliked being controlled. You’re naturally rebellious, so, of course, you wouldn’t understand how I feel.” 
Justin’s smile grew wider as he mocked Ryan. “You’re lucky to have chosen my sister. Carrie is a gentle and timid person. She wouldn’t dare control you, let alone bear to. Other than Carrie, no one else 
could put up with you.” 
“Hah! The truth is, women out there like men like me. I could bag a few of them in a year!” Ryan grumbled defiantly. 
“Oh, so you’re proud of that?” The man’s dark eyes swept coldly 
across his face. 
Ryan took a sharp breath, lowering his brows humbly. “No, no… dear brother-in-law, I wouldn’t dare.” 
My 
“Let me give you a heads up. If you dare to be unfaithful to Carrie or even slightly mistreat her, Bella and I won’t let you off easily.” 
Ryan immediately raised three fingers. “I, Ryan Hoffman, swear to God that I will cherish Carrie forever! I’ll only be with her this lifetime, or else, may I be struck by lightning, may the Hoffman family go 
bankrupt, and I’ll resort to begging for food on the streets!” 
Noticing Justin’s silence, he quickly added, “I’ll get a vasectomy done 
when we get back!” 
Only then did Justin speak slowly. “Okay, I’ll ask Bella about it. She 
knows a lot of doctors.” 
Ryan could not help but pout, feeling like crying. 
Justin turned away, a faint smile tugging at the corners of his lips. 
The two stood in silence for a moment. When Justin’s troubled 
expression eased a bit, Ryan could not resist asking, “What’s up with 
your dad? Why does he suddenly want to visit your mother?” 
“I don’t know. Who knows what bizarre ideas he’s got?” 
A surge of anger welled up in Justin’s heart, his jaw tightening with 
tension. “It’s been twenty years. He never once mentioned my mother, 
as if she never existed. And now, suddenly, he thought of her and 
talked about how he regretted treating her badly. Belated affection is 
cheaper than grass!” 
Ryan fell silent before picking up a cigarette, teasing, “Although you’re 
far more outstanding than your old man, more manly and responsible, but about belated affection being cheaper than grass… Well, you’re 
just like him. Like father, like son.” 
Justin’s expression darkened abruptly. 
Damn, what a great buddy! Always poking at where it hurts the most! 
“Yeah, I know I messed up big time in the past, I know I let down a good woman. That’s why I’ve been trying to make up for Bella all this 
time. For her, I’m willing to give my all, even my life.” 
Justin closed his eyes. The vivid image of his mother’s leap flashed 
in his head, accompanied by a sudden surge of pain in his head. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter990
“Well, can Gregory do the same? He’s inherently selfish. He never loved my mother. The only person he loves is himself. I don’t even think I deserve Bella’s forgiveness. Forget about Gregory deserving my mother’s.” 
Ryan sighed softly, feeling sorry for his best friend. 
Just then, the phone rang, breaking the heavy atmosphere. 
“How’s it going?” Ryan asked hastily after putting the call on speaker. 
“Mr. Hoffman, things aren’t looking good!” 
The operative assigned to tail Winston sounded anxious in his tone. Just as Mr. Salvador expected, Winston does indeed have local support in Terranova ! We found out that the group he’s working with there is notorious for their crime activities, with ties with both the government and business community. They’re involved in drug trafficking, arms smuggling, and various other crimes. Over the years, they’ve become deeply entrenched Even the government and royal family of Terranova are powerless against them!” 
As Justin and Ryan locked eyes, their expressions grew solemn. 
While they had expected it to be challenging, they had not anticipated the situation to become so dire. 
“Where is that bastard now? You didn’t lose track of him, did you?!” Ryan asked through clenched teeth, his frustration evident. 
“Our operatives tracked him to the vicinity of the southern island of 
Terranova. They witnessed Winston boarding a yacht. Our teams 
attempted to surround him, eventually leading to a fierce firefight. 
However, reinforcements for Winston quickly arrived from the 
southern island. They were well-trained, with accurate marksmanship 
and heavy weaponry. Our men suffered severe casualties, and two of 
our comrades were critically injured and succumbed to their injuries.” 
Ryan’s eyes widened in shock, his fists clenched tightly, veins bulging 
on his forehead with anger. 
These were the soldiers he had personally trained and led for years. 
Though they were under his command, he was not devoid of 
compassion. 
How could he remain indifferent after hearing about his men’s 
sacrifices? 
“Are you certain he landed on the southern island?” Justin’s stern 
expression was as cold as ice. 
“Absolutely! After returning, we persisted and approached the 
southern island again under the cover of darkness. Through 
binoculars, we saw Winston’s yacht moored along the shore of the 
southern island. Besides, there were no other habitable islands 
nearby. So, he must be there!” The operative’s tone was resolute. 
“Very well. You’ve all worked hard.” 
Justin’s attitude was surprisingly gentle, tinged with remorse. “Once we return, I will personally thank you guys on behalf of Ryan. As for everything else, leave it to me.” 
“L-Leave it to you?! But those people are ruthless killers. Killing is like second nature to them! We’ve faced them before and struggled to 
deal with them. Y-You…” 
“Those people aren’t your average street thugs. Many of them are former mercenaries and comrades of Winston. You can’t take them 
lightly.” 
“Justin, don’t force yourself. Your life is more precious than Winston!” 
Ryan’s heart raced with anxiety as he firmly grasped Justin’s arm. “Do 
you realize how many people would be devastated if anything 
happened to you? What am I supposed to tell Bella and Carrie?!” 
“Dude, I’ve seen my fair share of the world. If I could survive the 
battlefields of Kridor, I’d surely make it out of this alive.” 
Justin smiled faintly, patting Ryan’s shoulder reassuringly. “Don’t 
worry. I’ll be fine. Bella is waiting for me to come home. And I believe 
my mother, in the heavens above, will watch over me and hope for the 
best for me.” 
* 
For Shannon, the most excruciating part was not the grounding. 
It was her inability to see Dr. Fairchild and receive her injections. Tha 
was the real torment for her! 
It had been two days already, and she had attempted various methods to secretly flee Tideview Manor, but to no avail! 
This time, Gregory was resolute about keeping her confined like a 
prisoner. 
“Mom? Mom?” 
###chapter991
Late at night, Bethany stood at the door with a meal box in her hand, 
knocking gently. “You haven’t eaten anything all day. You won’t be 
able to hold out like that. I’ve brought you some food. They’re all your 
favorites. Open up, Mom.” 
But there was no response from inside the room. 
Bethany began to feel anxious. She turned the doorknob and found 
the door unlocked. 
Fury surged within her. 
The servants in the Salvador household were nothing but 
opportunists, quick to change their tune depending on the situation 
With news circulating about Gregory’s possible divorce from Shannon 
and her declining influence, they started to show disrespect. 
The servants claimed that the door was locked when they tried to 
deliver food. However, that was not true. The servants made a half 
hearted attempt at sending food. 
Bethany cautiously entered the room. The room was in complete 
darkness, sending shivers down her spine. 
Suddenly, moaning sounds echoed from the bedroom. 
Bethany’s heart raced as she hurried to the door. 
As she pushed the door open, the clatter of the meal box slipping 
from her grasp echoed in the room, almost startling her into a 
scream. 
There, she saw her mother, Shannon, in agony. Her disheveled 
appearance and deathly pale face resembled a ghastly specter in the 
darkness. 
“It hurts. It hurts so bad… I-can’t bear it any longer!” Shannon cried 
out, trembling uncontrollably. 
With her heart pounding in her chest, Bethany pressed herself against the door, her fear palpable as she addressed her mother. “Mom, w- what’s going on?!” 
Although Shannon was her mother, Bethany was terrified, as if she 
had encountered a ghost. 
“B-Bethany, I’m dying… I’m dying!” 
Shannon tumbled off the bed with a clang, crawling to Bethany’s feet 
like a dog, clutching her skirt desperately. “Nobody else can help me now… Only you can do it… You’re the only one who can help 
“H-How can I help you?!” Bethany asked, trembling. 
“Go find Dr. Fairchild right away and get the medicine from hi 
inject it myself!” 
At the mention of the medicine, a glimmer of hope flashed in 
Shannon’s dim eyes. Her bloodshot eyes widened. “As long as I have that medicine… Everything will be fine. Without it, I might as well be 
dead!” 
“Mom! How are you any different from a drug addict now?! You can’t inject more of that stuff. That Dr. Fairchild is only causing you harm!” Bethany was both anxious and angry, on the verge of tears. 
Even if she were dumb, she still knew what her mother meant by 
medicine”. 
” 
If Shannon’s current state were to be known by others, it would be a 
complete disaster! 
“Just go! You’re going whether you like it or not!” 
Shannon descended into a frenzied madness, tearing Bethany’s dress 
in the process. “If I go down, you’re going down with me! Do you think Gregory’s going to protect you? Do you think he’s going to keep spoiling you? If he despises me so much, he’s going to hate you too! Your sister now has Ryan to protect her, but what about you? You 
only have me by your side!” 
Bethany’s face turned pale with astonishment, as if a sudden 
realization had struck her. 
Left with no other option, Bethany was compelled to follow the address provided by Shannon and stealthily drive out of Tideview 
Manor amidst the deep night. 
She sped down the road, both in a rush to save time and to release the pent-up frustration in her heart. 
Recalling Shannon’s remark about her sister having Ryan by her side while she had nothing, she seethed with intense hatred, angrily blaring the horn to vent her frustration! 
Why did that idiot have such good luck? Why?! 
###chapter992
Looking at it this way, Shannon certainly could not meet her demise 
so soon. 
If she did, Bethany’s days in the Salvador household would indeed be precarious. Also, who else would look out for her future then? 
* 
Meanwhile, Simon was alone in the hospital, packing his belongings 
and preparing to leave Savrow temporarily. 
Suddenly, his phone on the table rang. 
Seeing that it was a call from Bella, Simon’s face lit up with a smile 
as he promptly answered. 
“Yes, Ms. Thompson.” 
“Dr. Fairchild, are you still in Savrow?” 
“Yes, I’m still here. But I’m about to head to the airport. What’s the 
matter?” 
Bella fell into a brief silence, then spoke in a serious tone. “Don’t leave just yet. I’ll help you reschedule.” 
“Is something wrong?” 
Simon’s expression turned concerned. “Do you have other plans? In that case, I won’t leave Savrow.” 
Actually, he did not want to leave at all. It was not the fear of trouble 
Chaser W 
that held him back, but rather the fear of being unable to assist Bella. 
“Bethany will be arriving at your hospital soon. She’s definitely there to see you for Shannon’s condition.” 
Meanwhile, Bella was in her villa in Savrow, tidying up the clothes left 
behind by Justin. 
Though she carried herself like a dutiful young wife, her words were chillingly cold. “I’ve heard that Chairman Salvador had Shannon confined to their house. Without his orders, she won’t be able to leave Tideview Manor. These past few days, she hasn’t been able to inject herself with the drugs, so I reckon she’s suffering both physically and 
mentally right now.” 
Simon calculated the timeline and nodded slowly. “Indeed, Shannon 
should have been here for her injection the day before yesterday. It’s 
already been two days, so she’s likely experiencing withdrawal 
symptoms.” 
“Yeah, that’s why Bethany’s undoubtedly here to ask you for the 
drugs.” 
Bella hummed a tune as she hung up Justin’s robe in the wardrobe.“ 
Once she’s here, just hand her everything and let Shannon have them 
all.” 
“Why, Ms. Thompson?” 
Simon was utterly puzzled. “If your intention was to torment Shannon, shouldn’t you cut off her supply of drugs and make her endure daily agony? Why hand them all over to her?” 
“Well, I’m not a saint. Why should I help her quit drugs?” 
Bella lightly stroked Justin’s robe. Her beautiful eyes shimmered with a hint of softness, but her crimson lips curled into a cold smile. “If she wishes to destroy herself, I’m more than willing to assist her. Besides, isn’t it true that the more she indulges, the stronger the 
effect?” 
Simon came to a sudden realization 
Indeed, if they cut off Shannon’s access to drugs now, it would just indirectly help her quit the drugs. But if the Salvador family noticed her abnormal behavior, they would surely tighten control over her, perhaps even secretly sending her abroad. 
That would risk undoing all the groundwork they had laid before. 
Only by allowing her to continue with her drug injections and letting her guard down could their plan proceed smoothly. 
Ms. Thompson was truly remarkable, beautiful, intelligent, and 
ruthless! 
Meanwhile, Bethany had parked her sports car at the hospital 
entrance. 
###chapter993
Bethany remained seated in her sports car for a long time, mustering her courage before finally disembarking and entering the hospital. 
She dared not bring anyone along, knowing this matter required the utmost secrecy. Each additional person knowing this information 
would only pose another potential risk. 
She cautiously tested the door and found it unexpectedly unlocked. 
There was no one in the hospital. It was as if the hospital was 
anticipating Bethany’s arrival. 
Suddenly, Bethany’s phone rang. 
To her surprise, on the screen was Dr. Fairchild’s number-the very, 
one she had recently saved. 
“Hello,” she answered, trying to maintain composure while sca 
her surroundings vigilantly. 
“Ms. Bethany, I’m waiting for you in the second-floor office. Pleas 
come up.” 
After speaking, Dr. Fairchild promptly ended the call without any 
unnecessary chatter. 
Bethany clenched her teeth and ascended to the second floor, 
pushing open the office door upon arrival. 
Inside, Dr. Fairchild sat calmly on the sofa, clad in a white coat, 
offering a gentle smile. 
At the sight of him, Bethany’s pupils involuntarily contracted with 
unease. 
She finally understood why Shannon was so infatuated with this male 
doctor. He had a handsome appearance and carried himself with 
refined manners. 
“Ms. Salvador, you arrived rather quickly. I anticipated a longer wait,” 
Dr. Fairchild remarked calmly. 
“Let’s not waste each other’s time, Dr. Fairchild.” 
Bethany composed herself and spoke coldly. “I came here for a 
reason, and you should be well aware of it.” 
“How’s Madam Shannon doing?” 
Instead of directly responding to her, Simon indulgently chuckled. “It’s 
been a while since I last saw her. Honestly, I kind of miss her.” 
“Shut up!” 
Bethany snapped, her eyes burning with embarrassment as she pointed accusingly at his mocking face. “My mother is the matriarch 
of one of Savrow’s most prestigious families. She is a person of such 
noble status. How dare you harbor any thoughts about her?!” 
Simon shrugged. “I’ve never had any desires toward her. All along, it 
was Madam Shannon who initiated everything…” 
“Enough! Stop talking!” 
Bethany stepped back abruptly, feeling a surge of repulsion from 
deep within. “Just give me what I came for. Hurry up!” 
“Ms. Salvador, às an heiress from a prominent family, you’ve lived a 
life of privilege. Even if you’re not familiar with social etiquette, you should at least know how to be polite when asking for a favor, right?” 
Simon’s expression carried a hint of amusement. 
Bethany gritted her teeth, her voice cold and determined. “Dr. 
Fairchild, since you have a close relationship with my mother, please 
hand over what she requires now.” 
Simon remained silent, slowly retrieving a stainless steel medical box 
and giving it a subtle shake. 
“All the shots are in here.” 
Bethany’s eyes lit up, and she rushed forward to take the box. 
But just then, Simon unexpectedly pulled the box back, leaving her 
grasping at the air in embarrassment 
“W-What is wrong with you?!” 
“I’m close to Madam Shannon, but now with you, Ms. Salvador. So, I 
can’t just hand this over to you,” Simon replied, his eyes narrowing as 
he examined her from head to toe with a meaningful gaze. 
His gaze was intense, like a burning flame running from head to toe, 
causing Bethany to shiver and her heart to race. 
What was his intention? 
Typically, when a man looked at someone like that and spoke in such 
a tone, they were usually suggesting something sexual. 
Could it be that he desires her? 
But she was Shannon’s daughter! Was this man aiming for both the 
mother and the daughter? Was he into such taboo relationships?! 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
X 
###chapter994
“Y-You… Are you trying to… With me?” Bethany’s voice trembled, and 
her breathing grew agitated. 
Simon remained composed, tilting his head with a look that 
concealed desire, which was particularly enticing. 
Bethany understood the situation. She realized that if she did not make some sacrifices tonight, she would not be able to retrieve the 
medicine. 
But to her, it did not matter. She was adept at sleeping with men. Besides, Dr. Fairchild was not only young but also as good-looking as the male models she knew, so she did not feel like she was losing out. 
“I know what you men desire.” 
Bethany’s cheeks flushed red, her fingers trembling as she began 
undo the buttons of her dress one by one. 
Soon, she undid all her buttons, and her dress slid down to the floor leaving her standing before the man in nothing but sexy burgundy 
lace lingerie. 
“Now we can…” 
“Ms. Salvador, what are you doing?” 
With a disdainful smile, Simon laughed, completely unmoved. “Is your mind always filled with thoughts of such activities with men? When did I ever say I wanted to sleep with you?” 
Bethany felt as if lightning had struck her. Her entire body trembled with anger, and her face burned with shame. 
“A-Are you toying with me?!” 
Simon shook his head. “Ms. Bethany, you’ve misunderstood what I 
meant.” 
Bethany, flushed with embarrassment and anger, was about to bend 
down and pick up her dress when the man’s voice, laced with a cold 
smirk, rang out. “I want you to kneel before me and beg me. Beg for my help.” 
Bethany, her clothing forgotten in her agitation, trembled with 
indignation. “W-What did you just say?!” 
“Did you not hear me? I don’t think I need to repeat myself.” 
Upon finishing his sentence, Simon gestured toward the floor. “Ms. 
Salvador, this is your only chance. Can you bear to watch your mother 
suffer from drug addiction? I doubt Madam Shannon can hold on 
much longer.” 
Meanwhile, unbeknownst to both Simon and Bethany, Bella was 
sitting in the study with a sheet mask on, watching the hospital’s 
internal footage displayed on her screen. 
Every interaction and conversation was under the keen observation of 
the young heiress. 
Initially, when Bethany began to undress, Bella’s sheet mask almost 
cracked from shock. 
Simon’s unexpected actions further intensified her reaction, causing 
the mask to split completely. 
Not only that, Bella’s brows furrowed tightly, her gaze becoming more 
profound. 
Then, the next moment, she witnessed a scene that was both 
shocking and satisfying to her. 
There Bethany was, trembling and half-naked, humiliatingly kneeling 
before Simon without a shred of dignity. 
As the young lady of the prestigious Salvador family, when had 
Bethany ever experienced such a humiliating ordeal? 
However, what Bella did not know was that, compared to the severe 
beating Bethany received from Ryan, which almost disfigured her, the 
humiliation she was enduring at that moment seemed insignificant 
Bella let out a soft sigh, shaking her head in resignation. “This 
really knows how to stir up trouble.” 
With the stainless steel box in hand, Bethany felt like she was 
dragging a lead ball as she walked out of the hospital with heavy 
steps. 
As soon as she got into the car, she began to scream as if she were 
possessed. Her hands forcefully tangled her hair into a mess, unable 
to contain the rage boiling inside her. 
Bethany pulled out a cigarette from her designer bag. Her trembling hands struck the lighter several times before finally lighting it. 
She smoked three cigarettes in a row before managing to regain 
semblance of calmness. 
1 
a 
414 
###chapter995
Then, Bethany picked up her phone and made a call. 
“Get someone to mess with this person. Dig out his kneecaps and make sure he spends the rest of his life kneeling for me!” 
After handing over the medication to Bethany, Simon drove home 
alone. 
As his car approached the neighborhood, a black MPV suddenly appeared out of nowhere and crashed into the side of his car. 
The car nearly spun 360 degrees, and the glass shattered. Simon was left seeing stars from the impact, and he felt like his bones were 
about to fall apart. 
The screeching sound of the brakes echoed through the deserted 
street as the car came to a stop. 
Before Simon could regain consciousness, he heard the car door open and felt a rough pull as he got yanked out of the vehicle. 
“Ugh!” 
Before Simon could even see who dragged him out of the car, he was pinned down in front of the car and subjected to a barrage of 
punches and kicks. 
“Should we break his legs, or what?” One of the attackers asked. 
“No. Just dig out his kneecaps. Hurry up!” 
Simon writhed in agony, and blood streamed down his head. At that moment, he understood why this was happening to him. 
It was Bethany seeking revenge! 
“Kid, we have no grudge against you, but you messed with someone you shouldn’t have. You’re just damn unlucky!” 
Before he could finish his sentence, the man pulled out a gleaming 
knife, ready to stab at Simon’s knees. 
Just as Simon was about to bid farewell to his legs, the man in front 
of him suddenly let out a scream. 
The screams followed one after another, and Simon’s eyes widened 
in astonishment. 
Suddenly, a man wearing a black mask and a black windbreaker appeared out of nowhere. He had sharp features and threw fierce punches. Like a black whirlwind, he swiftly took down all four 
assailants. 
Damn! He was incredibly cool!” 
This was the kind of scene you would expect in a high-quality acti 
movie. Ordinary people would not have such astonishingly agile skill 
In the next moment, he watched in disbelief as the man in the black 
windbreaker swiftly disarmed the attackers, breaking their tendons 
and rendering them completely powerless! 
With the man’s help, Simon boarded an unregistered black luxury car. 
As he settled in, he was shocked. 
“M-Ms. Thompson?! It was you?!” 
“Yes, it’s me. Who else would come to your rescue?” 
Bella’s eyes held a trace of displeasure as she examined his bruised face. “Dr. Fairchild, do you remember my previous instructions? I explicitly instructed you to act only on my commands. Anything extra is unnecessary without my authorization.” 
“Anything… Extra?” 
Simon’s heart pounded like a drum. “I was just following your instructions by handing the medicine to Bethany…” 
“Is that so?” 
Bella’s slender arms crossed against her chest, her delicate features as cool as the moon. “Well, why did you force Bethany to kneel before you then?” 
Simon stared in astonishment, realizing that every move he made 
tonight was under her supervision. 
“I’m not monitoring you out of distrust. I’m only doing it because it’s the only way to guarantee your safety.” 
Bella recalled the agony caused by her impulsiveness that led to 
Linny losing her life, bringing tears to her eyes. 
###chapter996
Bella clenched her fists, feeling a surge of bitterness. “An innocent 
girl has already died because of me, Dr. Fairchild. I can’t bear the thought of anything happening to you because of my actions. It’s just 
too much for me.” 
Upon hearing this, Simon lowered his head in remorse and murmured, “Ms. Thompson, all I wanted was to help you one last time by taking revenge for you. I didn’t expect it would have caused so much trouble for you. I’m truly sorry.” 
“You don’t know Shannon and her daughter well, but I do. Although Bethany is not as sharp as Shannon, she has inherited her mother’s ruthlessness. With her impulsive behavior, she is even more 
merciless than Shannon.” 
Bella continued, “While Shannon is careful about the outcome of her actions, Bethany is different. She often acts without considering the consequences just because she’s Gregory Salvador’s daughter d the heiress of the Salvador family. 
“That’s why my sister took extra precautions and had me lurking your hospital.” The man in the passenger seat took off his black mask, revealing a strikingly handsome face that could make anyone heart skip a beat. “I’ve been following you since you left, worried tha Bethany might try to harm you if given the chance. It seems that ou suspicions were right all along. She doesn’t let go of grudges easily.” 
“And, who might this be?” Simon asked curiously. 
“This is Drew, my fourth brother,” Bella said, sweetly smiling at Drew. 
Drew responded with a wink, instantly bringing warmth to the tense atmosphere in the car. 
Simon was surprised and let out a chuckle. 
Bella always seemed to have powerful allies ready to defend her, never lacking knights in shining armor. As long as he could look out for himself and refrain from causing any issues for her, that would be the greatest help he could offer her. 
Bella escorted Simon to the hospital and felt relieved after sending two bodyguards over to assist him. 
At that moment, Drew approached Bella with a solemn expression. 
“Bella, you have incredible insight. Your ex-husband and that little brat from the Hoffman family are indeed headed for Terranova. It seems like Justin wants to keep you in the dark about his meeting with 
Winston.” 
Bella’s heart sank. While she had suspected that Justin’s supp business trip was a ruse to pursue Winston, having her suspi confirmed brought on a wave of overwhelming fear. 
Bella asked, “Did Ash tell you?” 
“Ash is already on his way to Terranova. He assured you not to worry 
He’ll handle everything meticulously. 
“Terranova is different from our country. We have more freedom. 
there.” 
Bella frowned, pacing back and forth. “We’ve looked into Winston 
before. He’s a mercenary in Terranova with his own troops. His group has deep roots there. Even the authorities can’t touch them, and sometimes they even offer them protection. Justin’s reckless decision to go after him is one thing, but I’m worried he’ll get into trouble himself if he can’t catch Winston!” 
“Ash also has connections in Terranova. When he arrives there, he just needs to help your ex- husband a little.” 
Drew remained indifferent, wearing a wicked grin on his lips. “I’m looking forward to Justin’s performance this time. I’ve always heard you talk about how fierce and formidable he was during his time in the peacekeeping force. My ears hurt from listening to it all! Now that the chance has come, let’s see if it lives up to the hype.” 
“Drew! Do you have any empathy at all?” 
Bella’s eyes were red with anger as she tightly clenched her fists. This time around, he’s basically heading into the lion’s den alone. without even a proper weapon. He’s even brought that burdens Ryan. They could be harmed or worse! If anything were to happ 
him, then I…” 
“Then who will you marry?” Drew spoke with his hands tucked in pockets as he leaned closer to her face. His eyes were full of 
mockery. 
Bella blushed and was about to smack him when suddenly an idea 
struck her. There was someone in the Thompson family who had 
more influence than Asher. 
It would definitely help Justin! 
###chapter997
The next day, Justin and Ryan secretly set off for the South Island, accompanied by their elite troops. 
Their journey was not smooth sailing at all. Although it started as a clear day, after two hours of sailing, ominous clouds quickly formed overhead, and a powerful storm brewed. 
In order to maintain secrecy and ensure safety during the journey, they opted for multiple yachts rather than a large ship. This allowed them to be more stealthy and versatile. They could scatter and escape swiftly if they were discovered by enemies without risking being completely surrounded. 
However, the drawbacks of the yacht became evident during severe 
weather conditions. 
“Mr. Salvador! Mr. Hoffman! What should we do? Will the yacht 
capsize?” 
The crew members from the Hoffman family made every eff 
steer, but the yacht kept swaying violently in the storm, struggli stay upright, let alone advance toward their destination. 
Suddenly, a huge wave surged toward their yacht, heading straight fo 
Ryan. 
Ryan’s eyes widened in fear as he felt a sudden darkness surround 
him. Justin stepped in just in time, his strong and tall figure serving as a shield to protect him like an impenetrable fortress! 
The sound of the impact echoed through the air. 
The wave hit Justin hard, but he only swayed a little from the impact. Most people would have been knocked over by now. 
At times, this man was so powerful that even other men couldn’t help but feel their hearts skip a beat! 
“Justin! Are you alright?!” Ryan quickly reached out to steady him. His eyes narrowed with concern. 
“I’m okay, just a minor issue,” Justin said with a faint smile, his eyes 
sparkling. 
Their eyes locked for a moment, and then Ryan blurted out nervously, Justin, could you not look at me like that? It’s making me feel like I’m developing feelings for you!” 
“Thanks for the compliment. If it wasn’t for your feelings toward Carrie, I might have thought you’d eventually develop feelings for me.” 
With that, Justin promptly assumed control of the helm from his crew and began steering himself. 
“Wow, I gave you an inch, and you took a mile!” Ryan teased he 
wiped the seawater off his face, admiring Justin’s tall and co 
presence. 
As time passed, he sighed at himself but also found more respec 
his best friend. Back then, he was naive and infatuated with Bella. 
When she rejected him, it left him feeling foolish and down for quite while. Now, looking back, maybe Bella made the right choice not to be 
with him. How could a woman ever pay attention to someone like him after experiencing such masculinity? 
Yet, strangely enough, there were no regrets or feelings of loss. In 
fact, he was grateful that things didn’t work out with Bella. If they had turned out differently, he would have never met Carrie, his true love and the woman he would spend the rest of his life with. 
The waves churned and the water roared, but under Justin’s command, the boat seemed to have found its strength and sailed safely toward South Island across the rough sea. 
Their boat was the first to dock two hours later, with others arriving one by one half an hour later. Night had fallen by this time, but luckily, the heavy rain had gradually eased off. 
“The dark and windy night is perfect for our plans. Let’s go, Justin!” Ryan strapped two guns to his waist, and his eyes sparkled with unexpected excitement! 
Rumors said that Ryan was a daredevil. He seemed to have 
completely forgotten about the life-threatening risk ahead, almost treating it like another survival game he commonly engaged in. 
“Do you think this is just another one of your jungle adventures? You only have one life. Once it’s gone, there are no second chances.” 
Justin was dressed in black overalls and tall boots. The veins 
back of his large hand holding the weapon bulged. Justin exud strong sense of strength and a touch of unbridled wildness. 
“You’re different now. You’re not alone anymore. You have my siste 
You’re not free from ties.” 
When his beloved wife was mentioned, Ryan’s heart tightened, and he pressed his lips together. Yes, he has a family now to care for. In the 
past, his heart had seemed as hard as stone, but now it has softened 
like a sponge. Even Linny’s passing had nearly brought him to 
collapse. If anything were to happen to him now, what would become 
of his beloved wife? 
“Mr. Salvador, Mr. Hoffman! Look! A helicopter is approaching!” 
###chapter998
Both of them turned their heads and saw a helicopter swiftly approaching them. 
Everyone immediately went into combat mode, nervously pulling out 
their guns and aiming in the direction of the helicopter. 
“There’s no need to be nervous. It’s probably not an enemy.” 
Justin was the only one who remained calm and composed, showing 
no change in his expression, as steady as a mountain. 
“How are you so sure?” Ryan asked in astonishment. 
“If it were the enemy, they would have been shooting at us already 
from this distance. The fact that they haven’t made any moves yet, 
suggests that their intention is not to harm us.” 
Ryan nodded vigorously in agreement. “That makes sense!” 
The helicopter landed smoothly on the beach, kicking up a irlwind 
of sand that blinded everyone. 
Amidst the raging wind, Justin stood with his eyes fixed or 
disembarking from the helicopter. 
In the following instant, his eyes widened in shock! 
“Oh shit! It’s…it’s…the king of the underworld, The Matrix!” Ryan 
blurted out. 
When Ryan witnessed the imposing approach of Asher and his grou of men from KS Group, he became so fearful that he immediately hi 
behind Justin. 
Despite being known as the notorious “Prince of Savrow”, he was gripped by fear at this moment. It wasn’t just a random person. It was “The Matrix”. His notorious reputation preceded him and cast an overwhelmingly intimidating shadow on the hearts of others. 
At that moment, Justin and Asher locked eyes, sparking a silent 
confrontation between them. 
“What are you doing here, Asher?” Justin’s eyes held a sharp edge as 
he spoke coldly. 
“We are here for the same reason. Is there really a need to ask?” Asher spared no warmth for his former brother-in-law. Although he gradually understood Justin’s true feelings for Bella and his deep regret over past actions, there was an embedded stubbornness in the Thompson family. Even if they felt differently inside, they maintained stoic facades-a practice often referred to as “pretending to be calm 
while concealing true feelings.” 
Considering Justin’s initial cruel abandonment of Bella and enduring three years of “widowhood”, she even risked bec 
disabled on the battlefield for him. Under no circumstan 
Asher easily change his attitude toward him. For Asher, Bell 
d 
a star in the sky. If Justin wanted her, he would have to pu 
with the utmost determination. 
Justin said firmly, “I’ll take care of Winston. Asher, there’s no nee 
you to be concerned.” 
Asher replied without backing down. “I am Bella’s older brother. Th matter concerns the Thompson family, so I will handle it.” 
“Ryan, let’s go.” Justin didn’t bother to argue further and was prepared to leave with his men. 
“If I recall correctly, Mr. Salvador, you told my sister that you were on a business trip to Inalia.” Asher pointed out in a cold tone. 
Justin turned back abruptly and met Asher’s gaze, only to find him smiling. “If Bella finds out that you lied to her, regardless of your intentions behind it all, do you truly believe she wouldn’t be angry? 
She would be furious.” 
“Don’t tell her!” Justin’s heart raced as he hurried toward Asher with a plea in his voice. “Asher, everything I’ve done has been for Bella’s sake. But I’m afraid if she finds out I’m going after Winston, she’ll impulsively join me despite the risks. I can’t bear seeing the woman I love in danger because of me! But if I don’t personally resolve this matter for Bella, then what sort of man am I? What right do I have to 
protect her?” 
Filled with intense emotions, his words touched the hearts of all who 
listened. 
Asher furrowed his brows. 
Ryan felt a strong urge to give his best friend a pat on the b 
“Asher, I know that even now, you still resent me. You blam causing Bella so much anguish and for abandoning her like a 
heartless monster.” 
###chapter999
Justin’s eyes started to turn red, and his voice was hoarse, almost pleading. “All I’ve been doing is trying to make things right. I’m ready to put my life on the line for her happiness, even if none of you can forgive me. Just please keep Bella safe. You’re her eldest brother. You understand her better than anyone!” 
He was genuinely scared of upsetting Bella. Their relationship had only just begun to improve, and he didn’t want everything to go back to square one. But more than anything else, he feared for her safety. 
Asher had only intended to test him, but he hadn’t expected to elicit such heartfelt words from Justin. After a moment of contemplation, he said solemnly, “Fine, you can take action, but you have to do it with 
me.” 
While Justin geared up for battle at the front lines, the situation in Savrow was far from peaceful. 
Today marked a significant partnership meeting between Corporation and Journey Ventures from Meridan. Gregory senior executives of the Salvador Group had arrived early at the conference room to prepare, but Justin was missing on such a 
crucial occasion. 
Due to the previous scandal involving Shannon, the reputation of t Salvador Corporation had plummeted dramatically, even making 
headlines in international media. 
The stock value had dropped for three consecutive days, sparking widespread panic. Although domestic projects may not be severely impacted, international business opportunities became uncertain as 
a result of these events. 
At this crucial moment, the Thompson family in Hatchbay, the 
Iverson family in Savrow, and even the Hoffman family were likely to take advantage of the situation and seize market share from the Salvador Corporation abroad. 
Now was the moment for Justin, the president of the company, to lead the group. It was the most crucial time to raise morale and maintain stability. However, he was nowhere in sight, which seemed 
unbelievable! 
At this point, Gregory sat in the conference room with a somber expression, exuding an intimidating chill. Meanwhile, shareholders and senior executives were engaged in hushed discussions. 
“Is it possible that President Salvador won’t show up at this point?” 
“That’s impossible! President Salvador is well-known for hi commitment. He hasn’t missed a meeting in years. Barring extreme circumstances, he will show up as usual.” 
“That’s how it used to be with the old President Salvador. B 
Who knows?” 
“What do you mean by that?” 
“These days, President Salvador seems entirely focused on pursuin the heiress from the Thompson family. He’s always around her li an infatuated puppy. Where would he find time or energy to focus o 
work?” 
“It seems like he’s preoccupied with making sure the young lady is happy, if you know what I mean.” 
Laughter erupted below. 
“But seriously, with all the challenges both internal and external that our company is dealing with, along with our already tarnished reputation, if President Salvador doesn’t participate in such a crucial project, wouldn’t Journey Ventures feel like we’re neglecting them? Can we still move forward with the collaboration?” 
These whispers reached Gregory’s ears. He tightened his fists on the table as his brow furrowed even deeper. 
At that moment, his phone vibrated. With a dark expression, Gregory glanced down at his phone and was momentarily taken aback as he saw his eldest son’s name, Grant, on the screen. 
The meeting was set to begin in less than five minutes, so Gregory didn’t have time to answer the call and pushed his phone aside. 
The meeting was officially bound to begin. In reality, no one ha much hope of a successful negotiation given that even the pre did not attend in person. Who would want to cooperate with su unprofessional company? 
Ever since Justin took over as president of the company, he took ov negotiations for various meetings and projects, while Gregory typically only joined meetings for important matters. At this
moment, he couldn’t help but feel nervous as he leaned forward and waited 
anxiously. 
A second later, the screen displayed the faces of Wilson Reed, the chairman of Journey Ventures, along with his son, Wilson Reed Jr., who served as the CEO. Sitting beside them was a man who was 
unfamiliar to most of the executives present. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
Play 
###chapter1000
“Who is that man?” 
“I don’t know… But don’t you think he resembles Chairman Salvador?” 
“Now that you mention it, he does look similar.” 
Gregory’s shoulders shook, his eyes widening in astonishment! 
It was Grant Salvador! How could he be with Wilson Reed?! 
It seemed they were unaware that the video call had already connected. Grant was still chatting amiably with Wilson Reed and Wilson Reed Jr., appearing quite familiar with them. 
“Grant, you…” Gregory was still stunned, his carefully prepared script 
now in disarray. 
At this moment, Grant was the first to react, turning to the screen and gracefully waving at his father. “Dad, long time no see.” 
Everyone was shocked! 
Could it be possible that the distinguished and polished man sta before them was actually the chairman’s long-lost eldest son, the 
young master of the Salvador family? 
At this point, Wilson Reed also smiled at Gregory and said, “Chairman Salvador, I think we can delve deeper into our discussion about 
cooperation.” 
As soon as the meeting ended, Matt reported it to Nigel. 
“Old Master Nigel, we have successfully secured a strategic cooperation agreement with Journey Ventures.” 
“Oh, really? That went well.” Nigel was taken aback by the news but 
was satisfied after the substantial discussion. 
“In that case, arrange for him to fly to Meridan today in order to meet. 
with Mr. Wilson Reed and finalize the contract without any delays!” 
Matt replied, “The contract has already been signed right on the spot.” 
“That fast?” 
Nigel was extremely surprised at their quick response. “Journey 
Ventures and our company have never worked together before, and 
I’m aware that several local conglomerates are competing to partner with them on very attractive terms. Why would they be so willing to 
collaborate with us?” 
Matt blinked and lowered his voice. “Young Master Grant signed the agreement in Meridan immediately with Mr. Wilson Reed, handling negotiations himself instead of Young Master Justin.” 
Nigel’s pupils narrowed, and his expression became serious. 
“At the meeting today, everyone was taken aback by the unexpected presence of Young Master Grant next to Mr. Wilson Reed and his son. I doubt even you, Old Master, could have anticipated that Young Master Grant, who has been quietly recovering in Meridan, would be so closely connected to the Reed family,” Matt hinted subtly. 
Nigel picked up on Matt’s subtle suggestions and knew exactly what 
he was trying to say. 
“Matt, do you think my eldest grandson might suddenly return to Savrow?” Nigel asked urgently. 
Matt hesitated, unsure of how to respond. 
“And what about Justin? Why hasn’t he been around lately? Has he 
attended any group meetings?” 
Nigel’s impatience grew as his brows furrowed. “His family’s assets. are almost stolen, yet there is not a sign of concern from him. Does he believe that being president means he can relax? Why does he 
seem more naive the longer he lives?” 
“Old Master, Young Master Justin is not in the country right now. He’s 
gone abroad.” 
“What? Where in the world has he gone?” 
Matt couldn’t help but smile wryly. “I’m not sure where he went. I haven’t been able to find out. But I reached out to Wilma privately, and 
she mentioned that it seems like Young Master Justin is dealing with some crucial business for Ms. Thompson. It’s a type of matter th 
can’t be avoided.” 
Nigel was momentarily stunned, then he sighed softly, sensing som of his frustration dissipating. 
In his eyes, even the smallest matter concerning Bella was significant. How could he not understand? He recalled how, in the past, he had approached Bella’s grandmother with the same fervor, ready to give up his status as heir just to be with the woman he loved. 
But… 
Nigel sighed. “Matt, I’m afraid the road ahead for my grandson won’t 
be easy. There can’t be two tigers on one mountain.” 
###chapter1001
After finalizing the contract, Gregory felt a sense of relief and exhaled 
deeply. 
The successful completion of this significant project could be viewed 
as an encouragement for the team, restoring some lost credibility 
from before. 
Back at the office, Gregory was eager to reconnect with Grant. 
“Congratulations on securing another important project 
collaboration,” Grant said to his father. 
At that moment, Grant was already in the car, heading back. He glanced downward slightly, his warm brown eyes conveying kindness and a subtle smile gracing his lips. 
In terms of looks, Grant was not as handsome as Justin, not as sharp as Ryan, nor as elegant as Christopher. Instead, his features were refined, exuding a unique charm. He was courteous and approachable, making people eager to know him and get 
Despite being confined to a wheelchair due to a physical 
several years, he did not show any signs of self-pity. He co 
smile brightly and maintain a clear gaze, as if the traumatic kidnapping incident had never occurred. 
him. 
“Grant, this collaboration’s success is all thanks to your efforts. S must thank you properly.” Gregory expressed admiration. in his ey 
and excitement in his voice. 
“Dad, you’re too kind. There is no need for such words between us 
father and son,” Grant responded calmly. “Everything I do is for the Salvador family and Salvador Corporation. It’s my duty as the eldest 
son.” 
Gregory was deeply moved by this reply and asked with concern. Son, how have you been feeling lately? Do you feel better over the 
past few years?” 
Grant replied, “I’m doing well. You don’t need to worry about me.” 
“I’ll check my schedule and fly over so we can spend some quality 
time together, just the two of us!” 
“Dad, there’s no need for you to rush over.” 
“Why?” 
Grant chuckled softly. “Maybe soon we can meet in Savrow.” 
“Are you coming back?” Gregory couldn’t help but be surprised, 
struggling to believe his own ears. 
“Yes, indeed. Like fallen leaves coming back to their roots, no matter 
how long I’ve been living in Meridan, this place is not truly. 
1. 
I’m really excited about reuniting with my family here. And as Justin, I don’t know how he’s been all these years. I’m genuine 
looking forward to seeing him again.” 
Although the South Island of Terranova was not considered a lar 
island, its land area was substantial. 
Woreover, with dense jungles and complex terrain, coupled with the cnset of nightfall, the island appeared even more mysterious and 
eerie, hiding unpredictable dangers. 
After careful consideration, Justin and Asher decided to leave Ryan outside the jungle as a backup. 
“Fuck! Why? I’m brimming with enthusiasm to join the battle. Why should I be stuck doing logistics?” Ryan was infuriated, stomping his 
feet like a stubborn mule. 
“I don’t care! I’m coming too! Even though I may not be as skilled as you guys, when it comes to shooting accuracy with a rifle, I never 
miss a shot! Damn it!” 
Asher was speechless. Previously, he thought Ryan was 
straightforward and amusing. But at critical moments, he seemed nothing but foolish. 
“Do you still want to marry Carrie?” Justin asked expressionlessly while dealing with his tantrum. 
“Of course! It’s all I’ve been dreaming about!” 
“Then just be obedient and stay here.” 
“Damn it! Justin, after twenty years of brotherhood, you’re threatening me!” Ryan grumbled through gritted teeth. “Fine! this time. You better send the signals, or we’re done!” “Okay, you should also be more careful.” 
###chapter1002
Justin and Asher exchanged one final glance before they dashed into 
the dense jungle. 
“Justin, please come back safely with Asher.” Ryan silently prayed for 
them in his heart. 
* 
In a luxurious private room in Pivotage, Christopher was engaged in lively conversation and laughter with an individual from the Terranova military, sharing toasts and pleasantries. 
Since the start of his conquest of territory in Sentania, Maxwell Hastings has collaborated with Christopher on multiple occasions, as their interests are closely connected. Naturally, Maxwell had greatly benefited from supporting Christopher in his endeavors in both 
Sentania and Terranova. 
Currently, Christopher has become a prominent figure in Seja, while Maxwell has advanced to the position of Colonel in th Army of Terranova. However, their relationship remained hidde 
the public. 
Yvonne remained by their side the entire time, serving drinks and adding to the allure of the moment. As she leaned forward, her amp bosom teased, revealing tantalizing glimpses of cleavage. 
This sight left Maxwell parched and flushed, his gaze fixed on her chest, oblivious to the wine spilling from his cup. She captured Maxwell’s attention completely until a knock at the door interrupted 
them. 
Taylor hurriedly walked over to Christopher and whispered, “Mr. Iverson, Justin Salvador and Ryan Hoffman have arrived in Terranova 
with their men, and now they’re entering the southern islands. It 
seems that they are going to execute their plan tonight and arrest 
Winston.” 
“Oh, there’s only the two of them?” Christopher said as he took a sip 
of the wine. 
“Ms. Thompson’s eldest brother, Asher Thompson, is also there,” 
Taylor added, somewhat hesitantly. “Mr. Iverson, should we proceed 
as planned? Mr. Thompson is also present. What if something happens to him? After all, he is Ms. Thompson’s eldest brother.” 
“So what?” 
Christopher’s eyes gleamed with a sinister cold glint in his eyes as he chuckled disdainfully. “I’ve known for a long time that Bella’s brothers 
are useless to me. They will only block my path to Bella.” 
“If that’s the case, let’s use this opportunity to deal with all them at 
once. Taking care of one is just as good as taking care of 
Taylor was sweating profusely as he listened. 
Yvonne trembled slightly while pouring the wine, her red lips p together. In her mind, she pictured Drew’s bold and handsome 
“Why are there so many men around Bella? She only needs me to l and cherish her,” Christopher remarked, a hint of cruelty in his tone causing Maxwell to burst into hearty laughter. 
“Hahaha! Mr. Iverson, you never disappoint! You’re ruthless and 
domineering!I love it!” Maxwell laughed heartily, clapping. 
“Thank you for your compliment,” Christopher replied, with a slight 
raise of his chin. 
“When will we celebrate your wedding with Ms. Thompson? I will 
definitely send you a generous gift.” 
“Soon, but whether we can celebrate depends on whether you are 
willing to lend me a hand, Colonel Maxwell,” Christopher said coolly, a 
hint of cruelty in his smile. “I hope you’ll help me eliminate two 
people.” 
“Who?” Maxwell lazily asked. 
“Justin Salvador and Asher Thompson,” Christopher responded through gritted teeth. 
Maxwell froze, his face showing signs of unease. “Mr. Iverson, are you serious? Even though I’m from Terranova, I am well aware of who these two are. Neither should be underestimated, especially Asher’s father, Wyatt Thompson. He is the wealthiest man in Hatchbay, and they have connections with the royal family. If I cross hind get caught, it will bring significant trouble my way.” 
“I’ve thought about that for you,” Christopher said, leaning 
slightly, a hint of cruelty in his eyes. 
“The people they’re going after this time are the key personnel w your country’s arms dealer.” 
“What?” Maxwell was shocked. 
“They are not citizens of your country, and they dare cause a big 
mess. I believe the royal family would not sit idly by and would likely 
take action against the intruders. Instead of waiting for the superior to give you the task, why not show initiative and suppress these 
illegal intruders?” 
Maxwell’s eyes flickered. He was tempted by the suggestion. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
Playb 
###chapter1003
“Besides, a mighty dragon cannot subdue a local snake. Although they are powerful here in Savrow, they’re helpless in Terranova. If we take advantage of the chaos to kill them and dispose of their bodies, no one will find out, right?” Christopher narrowed his eyes and smirked. “You’re the most professional for such tasks.” 
“Hahaha! Mr. Iverson, your attention to detail is truly remarkable! But if I help you, what will my reward be?” 
“Money, property, whatever you desire,” Christopher replied. 
“I have something specific in mind right now.” 
With an insatiable and lustful gaze, Maxwell shamelessly eyed 
Yvonne’s graceful figure. 
The next moment, Christopher grabbed her arm and flung her forcefully. Caught off guard by the sudden gesture, Yvonne let out a cry as she fell into Maxwell’s embrace. She had to endure wandering hands that were making her nauseous. 
Christopher left the room without even looking back as he Tonight, she’s all yours.” 
That night, Maxwell left Pivotage completely satisfied after ind in wine and women. He was ready to work on the task assigned Christopher. 
Yvonne lay on the bed, battered and bruised, resembling a discarde broken, yet beautiful toy. Her beloved red dress was torn to pieces on the floor alongside unsettling tools that reminded her of the humiliation and sadness from the previous night.
At that moment, the door creaked open. 
Familiar footsteps approached, and Christopher walked to the bedside, his gaze coldly assessing her bare, bruised body. “I never expected him to have such a fetish. He’s quite like my older brother in that aspect.” 
Through the disheveled strands of hair scattered across her pale fface, Yvonne looked at the man she had loved for almost half of her liffe, tears slowly filling her eyes. 
“You’ve worked hard tonight. Whatever you want, just tell Taylor,” Chrisstopher said, his attitude icy and indifferent. His warmth was only ressereed for Bella. Other women were nothing more than a means to arend.. 
“I want myyr red dress,” Yvonne whispered, her lips trembling. 
Christopher’sseexpression remained indifferent. “Alright, I’ Taylor buy it for you!!” 
“That dress… You gave it to me two years ago… On my birth 
Yvonne choked backkhhen tears, clutching the sheets tightly a tears strearned down her delicate cheeks. 
Yvonne fought back her teears, clinging to the sheets as she wept silently. 
“Is that so?” 
Christopher’s expression darkened, and he casually tugged at his lips. “Do you know why I chose the red dress for you? Because Bella likes red, so I enjoy seeing you in red.” 
A chill crept through Yvonne’s body, her chest aching as if stabbed by a knife. Her feelings were ruthlessly trampled by Christopher.
Despite knowing the answer and being unable to escape from Bella’s shadow, she couldn’t help but ask again and again, hoping for a different response. 
“Rest well. As for what comes next, you already know, don’t you? You volunteered for it.” Christopher turned away, about to leave, when suddenly Yvonne rolled off the bed and grabbed his hand tightly. 
“Christopher, do you have any feelings for me?” 
He looked back at her without any expression. 
Yvonne burst into tears and asked. “Nothing? After all these years… Not even a little?”
###chapter1004
“Don’t you think your question is ridiculous?” 
Christopher forcefully brushed her hand away, laughing scornfully. “If I had known you were such a clingy woman, I wouldn’t have saved you back then.” 
With a resounding slam, Christopher stormed out, leaving Yvonne curled up naked on the floor, crying her heart out and feeling worse than the torn dress scattered on the floor. 
The freezing rain hammered down on Justin’s body. The journey was difficult, but he pushed forward. 
Asher walked beside him. Although he appeared calm, he was and living secretly lamenting Justin’s speed. Justin was worthy of his military- accolades and his veteran title from his time with the peacekeeping forces. Despite being away from the battlefield for yea luxuriously, Justin did not slack off nor was his body He was ready to pick up his weapon and head for comb necessary. 
Asher couldn’t help acknowledging that, besides himself, per only person in the world who could ensure absolute security sister was Justin. 
“What a shame!” Asher sighed silently. 
"What?” Despite moving quickly, Justin could still hear him distinct 
Just as Asher was about to reply, everything around him suddenly became a blur. 
In an instant, Justin tackled him to the ground, and a series of bullets swept through the spot where he had just stood, leaving terrifying holes in the ground.
Although Asher was accustomed to intense situations, he couldn’t help but feel a shiver down his spine. A cold sweat formed on his forehead. 
If he were a second too late, he would have been riddled with bullets. It was Justin who saved his life! 
“Are you alright?” 
“I’m okay,” Asher said as he gasped for breath. “Thank you.” 
“There’s an ambush nearby. We can’t afford any slacking from now on! Otherwise, Bella might lose two loved ones in just one night!” 
Justin’s eyes sparked like lightning as he carefully scanned his surroundings. 
Relying on the dim light from the flashlight held by his subordinat his sharp vision and hearing allowed him to detect the dangers. lurking in the darkness. 
“Mr. Salvador! Mr. Thompson! We’re under attack! You need to-” 
The subordinate, who was rushing toward them, suddenly fell silent. 
A bullet pierced through his chest, leaving him wide-eyed with shock before collapsing to the ground. 
An onslaught of bullets followed, dispersing everyone in different directions amidst the dense jungle. They were too preoccupied to protect Justin and Asher’s safety any longer! 
Both Justin and Asher found cover behind a large boulder, swiftly returning fire with precision that took down four assailants consecutively. 
Despite their accuracy, the situation remained extremely dire!
“What’s going on? Have Winston’s allies located us?!” Asher furrowed his brów, reloading his weapon and keeping a watchful eye on the situation outside. 
“Our location was supposed to be completely confidential. There’s no way anyone could have found out!” 
“But somehow, news of our activities tonight got leaked.” 
Just then, another bullet narrowly missed Justin’s ear! 
Asher’s heart raced, but he remained calm and composed. His cold and stern gaze cut through the darkness as he swiftly turne fired two shots, taking down another attacker. 
He thought, ‘As expected of someone who has experienced th battlefield, he’s composed and adaptable. No wonder Bella fell with him.’ 
“Who could it be?” Asher asked urgently. 
“It is possible that aside from Shannon, there are others within the country who secretly collude with Winston to assist him. Maybe eve plotting to eliminate you and me in the process.” 
As he spoke these words, for some inexplicable reason, a name 
Justin didn’t want to remember suddenly flashed through his mind- Christopher Iverson.
###chapter1005
Justin had his reasons to suspect Christopher. 
Ever since he reconnected with Bella, Justin quietly launched a thorough investigation of Christopher’s ties with his family, his standing in Savrow, and his past endeavors in Sentania. 
Naturally, with Christopher’s shrewdness, it was challenging to access such highly confidential information. Despite his business listings in real estate and gambling, his connection with the underworld figures in Sentania revealed that it was a cover-up for his shady business. 
However, he was well-connected and had strong cooperation with. officials and businessmen in Sentania, shielding him from scrutiny. 
That’s why his business was able to grow in scale in recent years while maintaining a flawless reputation. 
More importantly, he also has close connections in Terranova. It was rumored that his influence extended into both the military. governmental circles. 
That was why Justin believed that Christopher had the cap secretly send information to Terranova and dispatch people them without detection amidst the chaos. 
Even if the Salvador family and Thompson family were to investig what good would it do when they couldn’t even find their bodies? would be a case without any leads. 
Asher noticed Justin’s unusual expression and asked, “Have you figured out who might be responsible for this?”
Justin took a deep breath and said “This is not the time to discuss that. Let’s address our current issue first.” 
Accusing Christopher directly in front of Asher was out of the question, as it would make him appear like he was defaming his rival without evidence, damaging his own reputation. 
“Something seems off. You definitely know who sent those people, don’t you?” Asher pushed further, creating an intense, silent standoff between him and Justin. 
Asher and Bella were siblings and shared similar temperaments. Both were individuals who pursued things to the end and insisted on thorough investigations. 
The opposing forces realized that, despite their limited firepower, Asher and Justin’s shots were precise, so they hesitated to approach. 
Justin’s grip on the gun tightened as he spoke. “I can’t say for sure if they’re associated with the Terranova underworld. But I’m almost certain that they have ties to Terranova’s military.” 
Asher felt confused about what Justin meant when sudd person shouted at them through a megaphone in broke 
South Island is an important military base for our nation you to put down your weapons, stop resisting, and surrende we won’t hesitate to shoot!” 
“It’s the military.” Asher’s eyes narrowed. He never imagined that chasing a mere fugitive would alert Terranova’s military. ‘Who exac was Winston?’ 
Justin clenched his teeth, his thin lips slightly lifting as he murmured to himself. “Well, it’s just as I expected.”
‘Christopher, is it really you?’ Justin thought. 
The voice on the other side shouted again. “Hurry up and surrender your weapons! I guarantee you’ll be treated humanely.” 
The air on the island was originally damp and sultry. At this moment, with the imminent crisis looming, the falling raindrops seemed to turn into ice. 
“Don’t pay attention to his nonsense.” Asher remained vigilant, with a fierce look in his eyes that had been dormant for years. “Believe me or not, stepping out now will lead to inhumane treatment. I’ve heard too much of this sly talk before.” 
Justin was momentarily stunned, staring at Asher’s cold and ruthless face with astonishment. It appeared that Asher had gone through some remarkable experiences in the past. 
Suddenly, Justin’s ears perked up as he heard footsteps app ching on the grass. He cautiously lowered his voice and said, “The getting closer. I’ll dash to the left soon to divert their atten take the others and head toward Winston’s hideout!” 
“No! I can’t just leave you!” Asher refused firmly and without any hesitation. 
Justin cautioned. “If we both get caught here, you’ll regret those words.”
###chapter1006
“How am I supposed to explain this to Bella?” 
Danger loomed closer, and the two men were at a stalemate. 
“Brother,” Justin suddenly called out to Asher. 
Asher’s heart shook fiercely. The way Justin called him elicited a subtle reaction within his heart, a feeling that was a mixture of pain and bitterness. 
Justin said sincerely as he locked gazes with Asher, “No matter what, you must return to Bella’s side safely. Bella has told me that the most important thing in her life is her family.” 
“And what about you, Justin? Aren’t you important to Bella?” Asher’s eyes turned red as he grabbed Justin’s arm tightly. “Bella spent thirteen years to finally be by your side. How many more years do you want her to spend accepting the pain you caused? Are you still a human being?” 
Justin smiled bitterly, determination shining in his dark eyes. “I believe I had already died once in Bella’s heart when we were divorced. Even if I die again, she will gradually get over it.” 
Before Asher could respond, Justin rushed out like an arrow released from its bow. 
“Justin!” 
Asher couldn’t stop him. He could only watch as Justin dashed into the darkness of the deep woods while those hostile enemies rushed toward him like sharks smelling blood in the water. 
Justin acted as human bait, trying to pull the danger away from Asher and others as much as possible. He intended to lure them in another direction.
He was almost certain that the reason these people arrived so quickly and encircled them was related to Christopher, who was giving orders from Savrow. If that was the case, then their target was him. As long as they were separated, Asher and the others might have a chance to escape. 
Sharp branches tore at Justin’s arms and face, but he paid them no attention because of the gunshots echoing behind him and bullets exploding at his feet. Fortunately, he had extensive experience in field combat. Otherwise, he would have perished long ago! 
“Christopher, you’d better not allow me to survive this.” Justin gritted his teeth in hatred, veins bulging on his forehead, his steps swift. 
“If I live, your time is up!” 
Just as he was fiercely engaged with the enemy, a bullet came fr behind. 
He heard the terrifying sound of the bullet cutting through the air, bu with the flurry of bullets ahead of him, he didn’t have time to turn around! 
“Argh-!” 
Justin felt a bone-crushing pain in his left shoulder. His face turned deathly pale as sweat poured down his back. 
He had been shot! Thankfully, it was not fatal, but this excruciating pain was beyond what an ordinary person could endure. 
From behind, someone shouted in Spanish, and several people on the opposite side lowered their guns in response. 
“Hi, Mr. Salvador.”
Justin endured the intense pain and slowly turned around, his handsome face covered in sweat. He saw Winston holding a submachine gun, smiling maliciously at him. 
“I didn’t expect us to see each other again so soon, Mr. Salvador. You’re not here on vacation, are you? The local customs here aren’t that friendly.” 
Winston’s henchmen, who followed behind him, were all wielding weapons, looking down at Justin with disdain. Justin, who was a bigshot in Savrow, was no different from a brat in the eyes of these mercenaries. With a click of their fingers, they could kill him in an instant.
###chapter1007
“Winston, surrender and turn yourself in,” Justin said coldly, his expression ice cold. 
The mercenaries burst into laughter. Justin’s breath was weakening, and he could no longer spare the energy to argue. At this moment, he could even hear the sound of his own blood gurgling from his wounded left shoulder. 
“Sure, Mr. Salvador. I’m right in front of you. Come and arrest me.” Winston tilted his head, his expression growing sinister. “But do you have the strength left? Don’t you need to deal with the bullet lodged in your shoulder?” 
Justin clenched his teeth, but his expression remained stoic. 
“If we delay any longer, your left arm will be crippled. Don’t blame me for not reminding you.” 
Before Winston could say anything more, Justin suddenly raised his hand and aimed the black muzzle straight at him! The mercenaries swiftly raised their guns in response, all targeting Justin. 
The two sides were on the verge of a shootout. 
Although Justin was alone, he remained calm in the face of danger. His cold and domineering stance exuded overwhelming pressure, and these mercenaries dared not take him lightly. 
Winston was surprised as he raised his eyebrows. He had not anticipated that Justin would dare point a gun at him in this situation. “It seems I’ve been overthinking. Mr. Salvador, you don’t even care about your life. Why would you care about an arm?” 
“I will pull the trigger at the final moment of my death.” Justin was numb from pain, but his grip on the gun remained steady. “With my precision in marksmanship, I believe this bullet will blow your head
apart. You can give it a try if you don’t believe me.” 
Winston clenched his teeth, and his expression turned fierce. He had previously investigated Justin when he was working undercover for the Salvador family. 
Justin was not a man to be trifled with. He graduated from military school with outstanding achievements and was a decorated veteran in the peacekeeping forces. The fact that he managed to hold out until now confirmed his exceptional marksmanship. He had not missed a single shot! 
“Hey, Mr. Salvador, my life is worthless, but yours is invaluable. Are you willing to trade one life for another? Besides, wouldn’t Ms. 
Thompson be devastated if something happened to you? Are you going to make her a young widow at such an early stage?” 
Justin was overwhelmed with heartache when he thought about 
Bella. He had a deep love for her and wished to be by her side not only in this life, but also in the afterlife. He couldn’t bear to die when he hadn’t loved her enough, but seeking revenge on Winston and making him pay his debt with blood was an entirely different issue. 
At this moment, one of his men whispered to Winston in the local dialect, “The boss has ordered us to capture this guy and kill him immediately!” 
“Exactly. With so many of us and so many weapons, can’t we handle him? Even if his aim is accurate, can he be faster than us? I don’t believe it!” 
Winston’s eyes glinted with menace. “Damn it! Of course, you dare to say this since you’re not the one who wants to kill!”
“Brothers, do you want to get rich and retire early?” 
The mercenaries nodded eagerly. 
“Then let’s capture him alive tonight. This guy is the son of the richest man in Savrow. Once we catch him as a hostage, we can demand billions of dollars from his father. His father will happily pay to save his son’s life!” 
“Billions?” The mercenaries’ eyes lit up with greedy anticipation. 
Although Justin couldn’t understand their language, he could discern something from their expressions. At least for now, it seemed like 
Winston did not intend to take his life.
###chapter1008
If Justin were dead, they could only sigh. If he stayed alive, then he could become their cash cow! 
‘Greed is good. Their greed is my opportunity!’ Justin thought, 
With a swipe of his hand, Winston shouted, “Brothers! Capture him alive! We’ll be rich!” 
The mercenaries charged forward and launched an attack on Justin. 
Since his left arm was injured, Justin clenched his teeth and persisted in shooting with his right hand. He aimed straight for their chests without hesitation. Each shot was a deadly strike, killing them on the spot. 
Despite watching their comrades fall before them, the ruthless mercenaries seemed unfazed as they continued to pursue Justin relentlessly. 
‘Billions, oh billions!’ 
Even just a few million would be enough for them to live witho worries for the rest of their lives, no longer needing to live life edge! As for those who died, they could only blame their bad luc 
At this moment, Winston cunningly retreated and positioned him at the back, waiting for these naive men to act as human shields, protecting him from the bullets. 
No matter how precise Justin’s marksmanship was, his gun had limited bullets. 
He planned to take advantage of the situation by capturing Justin and using him as leverage against Gregory and Nigel. This strategy would force them to comply and give as much money as demanded.
One by one, the mercenaries fell, and soon Justin’s ammunition ran low. Even though he was now unarmed, they were no match for him. 
But with his injuries, his combat effectiveness diminished, and there was a real possibility of being captured! 
Justin thought to himself. ‘No! I can’t be caught, and even if I’m caught, I must deal with Winston first!’ 
At a critical moment, Justin seized a gun from one of the mercenaries amid the chaos and fired two shots at Winston without any hesitation. 
Unexpectedly, Winston foresaw his intention and swiftly dodged behind one of his companions, using him as a human shield. 
“Justin! I gave you a way out, but you insisted on walking into the gates of hell yourself. It’s your own fault!” 
Winston was determined to eliminate Justin and picked up his submachine gun, preparing to kill him. 
Out of nowhere, a strong gust of wind swept in. 
Unbeknownst to them, the noise of a helicopter had been gradually drawing near during their fierce confrontation and now appeared right in front of them. 
A beautiful voice filled the air from above. “Winston! If you lay a hand on my people, be ready to face the consequences!” 
Justin’s heart raced in his chest as he looked up at the dark night sky with awe. 
In the distance, a white helicopter hovered in mid-air, its cabin door
revealing a woman standing on a rope ladder holding a gleaming desert eagle. Her dark hair fluttered in the wind, and her captivating eyes glistened under the moonlight. 
How many women could exude such stunning beauty yet evoke fear? 
Justin gazed at her, tears welling up in his eyes. An involuntary smile formed on his lips. 
His woman had finally arrived. 
Bella was here!
###chapter1009
Everyone looked up at the sky in unison. They were completely stunned by what they saw. 
If there were angels in this world, she would be one. 
If there were goddesses descending, this woman would be it! 
Bang! Bang! Bang! 
In their moment of astonishment, Bella loaded her gun and fired three shots at Winston in quick succession. 
Having missed her target, she took aim and fired again. 
At this moment, Bella’s eyes were bloodshot. She was hell-bent on taking Winston down. She aimed her gun at him and continuously fired. 
Although the recoil from the Desert Eagle was normally too much for a girl, Bella held the gun steady. Her movements looked professional and trained. 
Unfortunately, her aim was a bit off, and not a single shot hit the target. 
Winston darted into the forest. His movements were agile and elusiv 
“Drew! Can’t you go lower? You’re still too far away!” Bella furrowed her delicate brows, shouting loudly to Drew, who was piloting the helicopter. 
“It’s already low enough! We’ll plunge into the ground if I go any lower!” Drew was sweating profusely from the intense flying. When he heard the continuous gunfire, his whole body was soaked in cold
sweat, and his heart almost jumped out of his throat. “Bella! What are you playing at? Who told you to show yourself? Get back!” 
“No! I want them to know what happens to those who bully me!” Bella glared with crimson eyes, firing another shot and hitting one of the mercenaries. 
Justin’s eyes narrowed as his gaze followed her. His whole body was tense. He was both enamored by her valiant figure and worried for her safety. He regretted that he was too far away and was unable to protect her at a moment’s notice. His heart was constricted with anxiety! 
“Damn it! I shouldn’t have listened to you and brought you here! This is the stupidest thing I’ve ever done in my life!” Drew regretted it bitterly, almost bursting into tears. He had no choice but to immediately change direction and prepare to forcibly evacuate Bella. 
In his eyes, nothing was more important than Bella’s safety. 
But Bella was unwilling to give him that chance. She seized the opportunity, releasing the rope ladder and jumping off it. 
“Bella!” Drew’s heart raced, and his face turned pale at th change of events. 
The whistling wind carried her away, brushing past her ears. 
At the moment she jumped, her mind was actually blank. 
She only wanted to be by Justin’s side at all costs, to fight alongsi him and face life and death together! 
Just like they did on the battlefield in Kridor, when Justin fought tirelessly against the terrorists to protect her, carving out a path for her through the dangers and leading her to safety. 
Now, she wanted to use the same selfless determination to protect him.
In an instant, Bella’s breath seemed to freeze in her chest, her eyes misty, as if awakening from a dream. 
In fact, Justin never owed her anything. 
Thirteen years ago, it was he who saved her young life with a glance. 
Amidst the gunfire and chaos on the battlefield in Kridor, it was he who helped her escape from the jaws of death. 
Though she had done her best to bring him back to the camp, without him, she wouldn’t have had that slim chance of survival. 
Three years of failed marriage suddenly seemed so insignificant in the face of life and death. 
What could be more important than life itself? Than surviving? 
Without Justin, there would be no Bella today! 
As her thoughts drifted, her body, which was falling like a shoo star, was about to touch the ground.
###chapter1010
“Bella!” 
Justin’s heart was pounding so violently that it felt like it might explode! 
At that moment, he forgot the excruciating pain of his wounds and 
rushed over without hesitation. He opened his arms wide with an iron will, catching his beloved firmly. 
The gunshot wound on his left shoulder tore open again as he embraced Bella, staining his black shirt completely red with fresh blood. 
Instead of feeling pain, he felt relieved to have caught her in time. He even smiled from the depths of his heart. 
He remembered that when he was a child, whenever he got hurt or hahad to get an injection at the hospital, his mother would give him a pipiece of candy. Eating the candy made him forget about the pain. 
Noiow, Bella was his candy. He could endure anything wher in inibis arms. 
Bella was held in Justin’s embrace, she could smell the scererdfof blood on him and hear his labored breaths. Her h anhhotot tears streamed down her face onto his warm, heavi held her 
“Liars Why did you come alone? You could have died!” She choked asanche pounded his chest fiercely, trembling all over. 
“I’m sorry, Belleila Justin held her tightly, as if she were a treasure. big hands gently rubbed the back of her neck, and a helpless, indulgent smile played on his lips. “But I was afraid you’d follow me and get
hurt.” 
“Afraid of this, afraid of that… Aren’t you afraid I’ll worry about you?” 
Bella clutched his shirt, her voice trembling with tears. Justin was suddenly startled by her emotional outburst, his eyes moistening. It was as if his heart was struck by lightning. 
He had never thought about this before because he knew he wasn’t worthy. 
But now was not the time to be lovey-dovey. In the next moment, 
Justin spun around to protect Bella. He raised the submachine gun he had seized and took out all the mercenaries in front of them. 
Bella wasn’t to be outdone. She did not back down, either. She stood back-to-back with Justin, shooting and killing all the mercenaries behind them. 
In a daze, Justin’s heart trembled, and a name flashed through his mind. It was a name that remained vivid in his memory-Little Dove! 
Back in Kridor, he had fought side by side with the girl in coat, breaking through the siege. Although they had nev 
Justin never forgot her for a moment, already considering for life. 
He felt that he would never have a chance to see Little Dove this life. 
But why did he feel so keenly that Bella in front of him resembled savior, Little Dove? 
“Winston escaped! Let’s chase after him!” Bella shouted as she saw Winston running into the endless darkness of the forest. She followed closely behind.
“Bella! Don’t run around. It’s dangerous!” 
Justin was about to catch up when suddenly everything went dark before his eyes. His tall figure staggered. He felt a chill in every limb 
and bone, and he lost almost all the strength in his body. 
He gritted his teeth and struggled to chase after Bella, relying on his incredible willpower. All that was left behind was a puddle of bright red blood soaking into the soil. 
The terrain of South Island was complex and combined with the dense forest, so it was easy to get lost. 
Bella’s delicate skin was scratched by branches, but she didn’t care at all. Her mind was solely focused on catching Winston! 
Suddenly, she stumbled under her feet, as if she had stepped on some mechanism. 
Her heart tightened, and she reacted immediately and leaped a agilely! 
At the moment her feet left the ground, the mechanism buried deep the ground sprang up, forming a terrifying metal cage in mid-air. 
Bella looked at the cage hanging in the air, panting heavily, while cold sweat covered her beautiful face.
###chapter1011
If Bella had reacted a second later, she would have been a sitting duck. 
“Heh.” 
A sinister snicker echoed through the darkness. 
“Show your face, Winston!” 
Having trained with Asher and Drew, Bella was great at picking up sounds. 
She determined the direction of the noise. Clutching her gun, she pulled the trigger at the lurking shadow. 
Holy cow. 
Drenched in sweat, Bella shivered. 
With adrenaline pumping in the earlier intense crossfire, she did not realize she had run out of bullets. 
She reached back and noticed her spare clip was missing 
Thrown into a fluster, Bella glanced around for the clip an several steps away. She must have dropped it when rolling av the trap. 
When she went to retrieve it, two shots were fired near her feet, she stopped in her tracks, 
“I had the pleasure to see you in action, Ms. Thompson. You’re truly a force to be reckoned with.” 
Following the eerie laughter, Winston walked out of the darkness, armed with a bow. The arrow, glistening grimly, was aimed straight at Bella. “No one has ever escaped the cage. I cannot be any
more impressed with you, Ms. Thompson. You’re beautiful, wealthy, and a fighter. No wonder you hold a proud man like Justin in your clutches.” 
“Cut the bullshit.” 
Bella hid her fear behind her stoic face. “Winston, there’s only one way out for you. You should come with me back to Savrow, take a plea deal, and testify against Shannon. Otherwise, it’s time to die.” 
“Hahaha! Ms. Thompson, why don’t you ever learn? You’re just like Justin. Do you think you are all that, and I won’t kill you?” Winston guffawed. 
“Ha! Lay your finger on me, and I can guarantee my family will wipe you and your little people off the face of the earth,” Bella hissed through clenched teeth. 
Winston had no words. 
“Shoot me once, and my brothers will rain bullets on you until Swiss cheese. Do you want to attempt that?” 
Bella’s threat gave Winston something to think about. 
Unlike Justin, Bella would carry out her threat. The Thompson brothers spelled trouble. Even the royal family would not diss the head of the Thompson household. 
Amid Winston’s distraction, Bella sprung to grab the clip and load it onto her gun in a swift motion. 
Startled, Winston fired the arrow at Bella without a second thought. 
Swoosh!
Bella froze. Even her flight-or-fight mode could not save her now because it was too late to run or fire back at Winston. 
She closed her eyes in terror, her blood running cold. 
A powerful embrace-strong and sincere-shielded her from the shot. 
Bella opened her eyes in shock, meeting Justin’s soaked, pale face. 
He gazed into her eyes. His eyes, though red-rimmed, were as intense with love as ever. 
“Are you alright, Bella?” 
Bella stared blankly at him, her tears rolling down her cheeks. 
“Don’t cry. I’m alright. It’s alright…” Justin touched her shaking back and murmured words of comfort. 
The drained man collapsed to the ground, unconscious. 
“Justin… Justin!”
###chapter1012
Bella held Justin with everything she had while crying into his ear and calling out his name. 
Justin, always quick with a reply, fell silent. 
“Bella! Justin!” 
“I’m here, Bella! Bella!” 
“Here I am, Justin!” 
Drew, Asher, and Ryan finally arrived at the meeting spot. 
Asher fired two rounds, shattering Winston’s knee with the first shot and disarming him with the second shot. Winston dropped his bow and cried out in agony. 
Even so, Winston would not give up. He dragged himself across the floor to grab his weapon in order to retaliate. 
Acting quickly, Drew sprung before him. 
He stomped on Winston’s hand and crushed it. 
“Argh!” 
The harrowing cries ripped through the night as the shatteri of bones breaking sent chills down everybody’s spine. 
Winston’s dirty hand was no more. 
As reinforcements arrived on the scene, Winston was captured alive
Some of Winston’s men were dead, while those injured and alive were arrested. The hideout in South Island was wiped out. 
That was not the only thing accomplished. The Hoffman Group’s men found many destructive weapons there. 
Ryan was tempted to claim these weapons for himself. However, he did not own a big enough ship to transport the weapons back to Savrow, and most importantly, he needed to get Justin to the hospital as soon as possible. 
Every second of delay puts Justin’s life at greater risk. 
“Wake up, Justin. Wake up!” 
Bella held Justin’s hand all the way to the chopper. With her hair a mess, her eyes bloodshot, and tears rolling down her face, she whimpered and gasped. Her brothers felt bad for her. 
It dawned on her that Justin was shot in the left shoulder. 
Justin had already suffered a massive loss of blood. Yet he darted toward danger without backing down. He refused to show any signs of weakness. 
He even held her as she jumped out of the chopper. Even at h weakest, he would give his life just to protect her. 
How could she be so foolish and stubborn? 
There was only one Justin Salvador in the world. 
Bella blamed herself for not appreciating him. 
“Bella…”
Standing behind Bella, Asher and Drew watched sorrow sweep over her. They did not know what to say to make her feel better. 
Ryan looked concerned. 
He usually joked around, but now was not the time for laughs. He clenched his fists and trembled in fear. 
After Justin was hauled into the chopper, Ryan flew with him ahead of the rest to find the best hospital in Terranova. 
Bella buried her face in her palms and sobbed. The tears spilled from her hands. 
“Bella.” 
Asher went over to hug. Bella nestled in her brother’s arms and cried her heart out. “Justin will be fine. God will protect the kind, the brave, and those who fight for love.” 
“Really?” Bella choked with sobs. 
“Yes, he will be fine.” 
Asher closed his eyes and prayed for Justin. 
He prayed to God for Justin to pull through, get back together 
Bella, and spend the rest of their lives together. 
If possible, Asher was willing to trade his life for their lifelong happiness.
###chapter1013
Ryan put Justin in Terranova’s best hospital in record time. 
The severe injury and massive loss of blood left Justin in a critical state. 
Ryan was never one to cry growing up. However, the sight of his buddy lying in bed, vulnerable and pale, as the medical personnel wheeled him into the emergency room, brought tears to Ryan’s eyes. 
He quickly wiped off the tears. 
“Mr. Hoffman.” 
A voice in the back startled Ryan. He turned around in confusion. 
“Oh, you’re…” 
It was a familiar face. The man was Bella’s companion at the ball held at the Salvador Hotel. 
“Arnold Larson. You can call me Dr. Larson.” 
Arnold, dressed in scrubs, brushed past Ryan and said firmly, “Leave your wounded friend to me.” 
“You? Are you a doctor?” 
Ryan stared at him in shock. “Aren’t you supposed to be in Savrow? 
What are you doing here?” 
“Asher sent me.”
Arnold furrowed his brows at the mention of the man he had a love- and-hate relationship with. Still, his heart raced. “He didn’t tell me the whole story, but he did mention the possible danger and the need for medical assistance. 
“I’ve been on standby in this hospital since last night.” 
While talking, Arnold chuckled proudly. “I was going to leave. Thank goodness I didn’t. The man wouldn’t survive without my help.” 
Arnold admitted he was such a fool. 
Asher was a jerk to him, yet he rushed to Asher’s side with a phone call. 
Arnold was popular among the men abroad, with many men pursuing him. Heirs from wealthy and powerful families fought for his attention. 
However, Arnold was swept off his feet by Asher’s graceful and restrained personality. 
Just as Arnold was about to walk into the operating theater, Ryan shouted, “Hey? Can I trust you? I leave my buddy’s life in your hands 
Without looking back, Arnold replied differently, “Dr. Brown isn’t the only doctor who can pull miracles.” 
Meanwhile, the operation to take down the arms dealers in South 
Island had gotten under the skin of those involved in the same supply chain in Terranova. 
Despite Winston’s arrest, Terranova’s military and police caught wind of the situation and detained the group from leaving the borders. 
In other words, the Thompsons could not take Winston back to Savrów.
The issue was the absence of an extradition treaty between Orealm and Terranova. Ralph reached out to his superiors for help, but the matter was out of his hands. 
It was a tricky situation. 
Since Bella could not get back to Sayrow any time soon, she left South Island and drove to the hospital. She planned to stay by Justin’s side. 
Drew held Winston in custody in a car while Bella and Asher took another ride. 
While on the way, she clutched Asher’s hand, and Asher placed her cold hand against his warm chest. He worriedly stared at Bella’s overly nervous, drained face. 
All he felt was her clammy, icy hand. No matter how hard he tried, he could not warm her up. 
“Bella,” Asher murmured. 
She looked up in a daze, her eyes tearful. 
Bella was alive.
###chapter1014
However, Bella’s mind was elsewhere. She wished she could be there with Justin. 
Asher let out a sigh. He undid his top button, reached inside his collar, and removed the silver cross he had worn for years. 
“Give this to Justin when he wakes up.” 
Asher put the necklace in the palm of Bella’s hand and shut her fingers. 
“Ash, this is…” Her eyes widened in shock. 
“The necklace isn’t worth much, but it means a lot to me. I have worn it for more than a decade, and it has saved me from countless dangers and troubles.” 
Asher smiled wryly, his eyes burning intensely. “I can’t do much for 
Justin. It’s Justin’s fight now. I can only pray for him. I hope you don’t laugh at my attempt to reach out to God, Bella.” 
Bella sniffled and burst into tears again. She broke down and cried in Asher’s arms. 
“Thank you… Ash… Thank you…” 
“If you thank me one more time, I’ll be mad at you, silly girl.” Asher pouted dotingly. 
With her emotions getting the best of her, Bella wailed louder. 
“Bella, when Justin wakes up, be good to him. At least, don’t make things difficult for him or be mad at him.”
Asher shuffled her hair tenderly and expressed, “He would do anything for you. I doubt I can do what he did for you.” 
Bella’s mind wandered back to when Justin shielded her from the arrow. 
“Bella, don’t cry…” 
She closed her eyes as tears stained her face. 
The Thompsons arrived at the hospital and drove into the basement parking lot. 
Ryan was there, waiting for them. 
Bella got out of the car and sprinted to Ryan desperately. “How is Justin now?” 
Ryan replied, “He’s in surgery. You know the surgeon.” 
“I know the surgeon? Is it Arnold?” Bella was quick to put the piece together. 
She looked back at Asher. 
Asher met her gaze calmly, even though something stirred within him. 
“Yeah. The surgery has been going on for three hours now.” 
Worried sick, Ryan said, “I heard Dr. Larson is a relative of Mila. Can we trust him? He acts funny and looks unreliable. Maybe you should operate instead, Bella. Didn’t you crack Justin’s head open and operate on him the last time?” 
Bella was lost for words. 
“What do you mean by funny?”
Drew placed his arm on the car window, a cigarette in hand. He whined, “He’s a carefree man. I have to question the Hoffman family’s education.” 
“Well, you get the meaning,” Ryan mumbled under his breath, as Drew was Bella’s brother. 
Otherwise, Ryan would have taken a jab back. 
“Dr. Larson is as great of a doctor as Dr. Brown.” 
Asher frowned, his voice chilly. “Coming from a prestigious family like yours, Mr. Hoffman, one might expect you to value talent above all else. Don’t you agree?”
###chapter1015
Bella and Drew were speechless. 
They could read the displeasure in Asher’s tone. 
Was Asher standing up for Arnold? 
Ryan, the eldest grandson of Logan Hoffman, lived a privileged life for far too long. There was no need for him to ever read the room. 
Even if he was oblivious to social cues, he could read the anger on Asher’s face. He smiled awkwardly and said, “I-I was just asking. I’m sure you would have invited a highly talented and capable doctor. I shouldn’t have questioned that.” 
“Mr. Hoffman, Dr. Larson is a better doctor than me. Don’t worry. The’, surgery will be a success.” 
Bella started sobbing, her eyes welling up. “Once Justin pulls throy the surgery, I need a consultation with Dr. Larson since he’s an ex in neurology. He might be able to help with the medical complications Justin may face.” 
Her voice, filled with heart-wrenching guilt, trailed off. 
Ryan’s breath hitched. 
He did not have the right words to comfort her. The last thing he wanted was to make things worse. 
“Fuck… It’s Winston’s fault.” 
Ryan rolled his sleeves in rage, the veins along his arms bulging with strength. “Is the bastard in the car? Let me have a go at him before he’s transported back.”
A long line of cars surged into the parking lot and headed toward them. 
A screech of tires against the floor pierced the air, followed by a crushing weight of tension. 
“We’ve got company.” Asher put his arm around Bella’s waist and frowned. 
“They did not come in peace, for sure.” 
Bella stared coldly at the people getting out of the car. 
A middle-aged man, likely in his fifties, stood in command, his police uniform bearing the insignia of at least a chief. 
Behind him was a group of uniformed police officers. 
They surrounded Bella’s group, narrowing their eyes dangely at them. 
Drew and Ryan stayed on high alert, ready to fight. 
“Mgh! Ugh, mff!” 
Tied up and gagged, Winston recognized the chief police officer a good friend of his boss. He cried for help desperately and wiggled the car, rocking the car to catch his savior’s attention. 
“Ugh!” 
Without another word, Drew pulled out a dagger and stabbed Winston in the thigh. 
Winston winced in pain, but his screams could not escape his throat. He shuddered with utter anguish. 
“You’d better stay put.”
Drew put the dagger away. As his eyes squinted, he flicked the ashes off and put the cigarette back into his mouth. “You best believe I have a thousand ways of torturing you without leaving a trace. Brutality is my middle name.” 
Winston shivered, and fear numbed his senses from the pain. 
He found Drew to be the most terrifying. That man was the devil. 
Winston had witnessed Drew pulling out various secret weapons throughout the journey. 
Drew had a lot up his sleeve. 
Most importantly, Drew was not afraid of using these weapons. 
“We received a tip-off that you have taken one of our import hostages.”
###chapter1016
The chief cleared his throat and said, “Hand over the hostage and your weapons. We need you to come with us for questioning. Otherwise, we would have to use force on you. Our country has strict laws, and the consequences of being convicted of multiple crimes are very serious.” 
“Ha! Strict laws? Are you joking?” Bella laughed tauntingly. 
The chief sized Bella up and smirked. “That’s a bold statement, young lady. I guess jail time doesn’t scare you.” 
Listening intently to the conversation outside the car, Winston snickered smugly. 
“Are you laughing?” 
Drew caught Winston laughing and pulled a punch to his fac hich caused his nose to bleed. 
“The hostage you mentioned should be the one behind bars.” 
Bella’s eyes were filled with resentment. “Winston sold firearms, trafficked in illegal goods, and dealt drugs. Instead of arresting and punishing him according to the law, you are aiding his corru practice. You have the audacity to talk about fairness and justice 
Ryan blinked. “Attagirl!” 
“You!” The chief choked. 
“I can’t do anything about what Winston has done in your country, but I pity the people who suffer here.”
Bella clenched her fists angrily. “He killed an innocent girl in my country. He has to come with me and be punished for taking her life. I don’t care who he works for. I’m taking Winston with me, dead or alive.” 
The chief’s eyes bulged, and he gritted his teeth. “He is a citizen of Terranova. By right, we should be the ones arresting and grilling him. Even if he deserved a prison sentence, it should come from us, not you. You’re not even a police officer. Yet you take matters into your own hands. We will be charging you according to our country’s law for your shooting at our citizens on the island. You must be dreaming to think we’ll let you leave with the hostage. Take them away now.” 
At the chief’s command, several police officers in the back drew close and tried to cuff them. 
Asher and Ryan stood in defense of Bella without hesitation. 
They both wanted to protect Bella. 
Drew, who was watching Winston in the car, held a gun a ready to pounce to protect his family. 
One of the police officers reached to grab Asher when the la scoffed, gripped the officer’s wrist, and threw him over the 
Before the police officer knew it, he flew through the air and cr to the ground. His arm popped out of its socket, and his tailbone shattered. 
“Fuck! That was amazing!” Ryan gawked in awe. 
Once they made it back to Savrow, Ryan was determined to learn the move from Asher. 
“How dare you attack law enforcement!”
The chief was not having it, as an assault on the police was not taken lightly in any country. He burst out, “Take them down now. I don’t care what you do. Arrest them now!” 
“Yes, sir!” 
All the police officers swarmed toward Bella’s group. The situation was getting out of control. 
Fueled by rage, Bella was not going to go down without a fight. 
Blare! 
Suddenly, a piercing siren echoed across the basement parking lot. 
The chaotic development hit pause. Even Bella and Asher had no idea what was going on. 
A fancy black car with a silver roof loomed from the darkness, in toward them.
###chapter1017
Tension rose. 
“Who is this now?” Furrowing his brows, Ryan asked through clenched teeth. 
If only he and Justin had not carried out the operation hastily. Otherwise, Ryan would have brought more reinforcement. At least, they would not be outnumbered. 
The chief was no threat to Ryan. Even Savrow’s mayor would step on eggshells in Ryan’s presence. 
“How old are you? You sure can’t hold yourself together when you encounter a tiny issue.” 
Dr Drew side-eyed Ryan, the cigarette jutting from his lips bobbing in hyrhythm with his speech, but his grip tightened on the gun in his hands. defeat 
It “It doesn’t matter who comes along. Be it one or a millith them.” 
That’s true.” 
Ryayamnodded, and then the realization hit him. He frowned. yougu?ustansult me?” 
Drevewhimistled. “That took you.” 
Ryanawasamuming. He could not stand Drew, beat him, or argue with him. 
Bella and thehalothers.soon realized that all entrances and exits to the parking lot were blocked. 
Two rows of guards in royal uniforms barged in and formed neat lines on either side. Their presence filled the air with tension. 
The chief hid in a corner in a fluster and saluted with a stern expression.
“Tsk. We’re expecting a VIP, it seems.” Drew whistled. 
“I think the royal family is involved. As far as I know, people within the royal family cover up for the local arms dealers. The corruption is pretty bad in Terranova.” 
Though looking grim, Asher placed his firm and tender hand on Bella’s shoulder to offer assurance. “Don’t be scared, Bella. No matter who comes our way, I will let you walk out of this safe.” 
Bella drew a deep breath and put her hand over Asher’s. “No. We walk out of this together. I’m no longer the little princess who knows nothing, Ash. I can protect you too.” 
“Oh, I forgot.” Asher smiled affectionately. “Our little sister grown up.” 
He could never see Bella as more than a child, though. 
As the fancy sedan pulled to a stop, the guards respectfully op the doors on either side of the car. 
Someone stepped out of the car on the left and right side of the cal 
A beautiful woman, dressed in a long, blue silk gown, embroidered with flowers and dripping with jewels, came out of the left. Her wealth was evident in her opulent attire. 
“Your Highness.” 
As everybody saluted on one knee, Bella and the others felt brought back to medieval times. 
A figure gracefully stepped out from the right. 
The stunning woman carried herself with grace and authority.
Her slender and curvaceous figure complemented the simple, white haute couture outfit well. She wore a green brooch trimmed with white, sparkling diamonds on her chest. 
The brooch was a personally designed birthday present from Alexa. 
The woman treasured the gift. 
The chief bowed as the queen approached while holding the hand of the woman. 
“Madam First Lady!” 
It never occurred to the chief that the queen was close frien the First Lady of Sentania.
###chapter1018
“Camilla! Camilla!” Bella cried, her eyes welling up emotionally, when she saw Camilla. 
Asher and Drew were dumbfounded. “Camilla?” 
“Bella!” 
Hot with emotions, Camilla looked at her family through her tearful eyes, her voice quivering. “Ash! Drew!” 
“Oh, my god!” 
The queen put her hand over her mouth and stared at them in shock. Camilla, are they your family? That’s incredible. No wonder you insisted on taking me to meet them. Wow! You’re such a good friend.I’m so happy to meet your family in my country.” 
The queen sounded thrilled and a little like an airhead. 
“I’ve been talking about taking you to Hatchbay and staying my family. I didn’t expect to meet my brothers and sister time. I’m surprised myself.” 
Camilla pulled herself together and approached her family with g 
While brushing past the chief, she stared down at the cocky man. 
Camilla commanded respect. 
The chief kept his head down, and his knees went weak.
He would never, in a million years, imagine that the wife of the President of Sentania was the family of these criminals. 
“Camilla, what brings you here?” 
Bella drew close and held Camila’s hand in tears and worry. “It’s dangerous. Given your and Edward’s high profiles in Sentania, any unscheduled activities require heavy protection. How can you travel to Terranova alone? Edward wouldn’t let you.” 
Bella had contacted Camilla in advance, asking if she could talk to the royal family in Terranova about granting them access to their operation. However, Bella did not expect Camilla to make the trip herself. was too worried about you. I dropped everything when I heard the news.” 
Camilla looked anxious. “Are you hurt, Bella? I hope you’re alright.” 
“I’m okay. Ash and Drew are good too, but…” Bella bit her lips, her eyes downcast. 
“Did something happen to Mr. Salvador?” Camilla’s chest 
“Mila’s nephew is an exceptional doctor. He is operating on M Salvador as we speak.” Asher’s jaw tensed with nerves. 
“That’s good. I have heard good things about Dr. Larson. Mr. Salv is in good hands, Bella.” 
Though teary-eyed, Camilla reached out to dry Bella’s tears. “You used to talk about how Mr. Salvador was Iron Man. I’m sure with Dr. Larson’s help, he’ll pull through with no issues. Besides, you two owe me a wedding. You married in secret three years ago, and three years later, he wants to marry you and give you the wedding of the century. 
How can he die before fulfilling his promise?”
Bella’s heart raced as she blushed hard. “That will have to wait until The regains consciousness. Besides, never said I’d marry him.” 
After catching up briefly with her family, Camilla took Bella’s hand and looked coldly at the chief. “Your Highness, my siblings are here for travel and leisure. We are flattered to receive such attention from the police chief.” 
The chief gritted his teeth and broke out in a cold sweat. 
The queen sounded mad. “Chief Carson, why are your men armed? What are you going to do with my friend’s family?” 
“Your Highness, they might be the first lady’s family, but they have broken the law of our country and killed our people. As the police chief, I am arresting them for questioning. I am only doing my job.” 
Fred’s only choice was to go through with it.
###chapter1019
Terranova’s queen was high in position but not in power. The police chief believed she would choose not to protect the foreigners if she had time to weigh the pros and cons. 
“Your people?” 
Camilla scoffed. “The man my siblings hold in custody isn’t from Terranova. He’s one of our own. We have not established a treaty between our countries, so our police force can’t extradite him. It is my understanding that those who were gunned down weren’t innocent civilians. They are criminals with blood on their hands. Protected by the arms dealers, they set up a base in South Island and committed all sorts of crimes. Not only did you fail to arrest them and bring them to justice, but you also gave them protection. Ha! You have the nerve to collude with the criminals in the queen’s presence.” 
Fred had nothing to say. 
These acts were common in Terranova, but Fred was terrified dark side of humanity would be made public. 
The air was thick with tension. 
The queen fell into contemplation for a while before uttering, “Chi Carson, I order you to apologize to the first lady’s family on your knees. You should offer them all assistance to bring the perpetrator back to their homeland.” 
With her eyes sparkling, Bella exchanged glances with Camilla in relief. 
“Heh. The queen is a solid woman.” 
Ryan touched his chin in comfort. “Camilla’s best friend is such a kindred spirit.”
“Hey! That’s the First Lady for you. You guys are not so close as to being on a first-name basis,” Drew whined. Snapping at Ryan has become quite a thing for him now. 
Ryan gnashed his teeth. “Bella is like family to me, and I’m extending the same respect and attention to her sister. Is there a problem?” 
Winston panicked, and his face flushed. 
“Your Highness, I’m just a police chief, but I was only acting on orders.” 
Fred discolored in rage. He refused to back down. “Your Highness, think you should keep out of the country’s affairs. The secretary can deliver the message to His Highness the King to make a decision. 
“Acting on orders? Whose orders?” The Queen raised a brow. Fred was lost for words. 
Amid the delay, a voice came in. “Your Highness.” 
Everybody turned to the source of the voice. A man dressed in 
Terranova’s court attire saluted the queen. 
“And he is…” Bella blinked curiously. 
“He’s the King’s chief secretary, on-call 24/7 to attend to the King. He conveys the King’s messages. Despite his position, he holds high authority,” Camilla whispered in her ear. 
“Got it. Basically, he’s like the King’s mistress but not the mistress.” 
“Shh…” Camilla put her index finger against her lips while Bella stuck out her tongue cheekily. 
“Are you here with a message from the King?” The Queen asked with a faint smile.
“Yes, Your Highness,” the chief secretary responded with respect. 
Fred let out a sinister smile. 
He believed the king would know better than to break the balance between the century-old ties between politics and the military. 
The chief secretary smiled pretentiously and said solemnly, “I hereby convey His Majesty the King’s order.” 
The citizens of Terranova got down on one knee and kept their heads down for the royal decree. 
However, Bella and her group did not observe the same they were foreigners.
###chapter1020
“Chief Fred Carson colluded with criminals for personal gains. For years, Chief Carson has been abusing his position to offer protection to criminals, disregarding the safety and interests of the public. He has attempted to help arms dealers escape the penalty and flee. After careful consideration with the court, I’ve decided to remove Chief 
Carson from his office and bring him to justice.” 
Everybody was shocked. 
The King had dismissed the police chief for the foreigners. 
That was not the end of it. 
The Queen let out an intriguing smile and winked at Camilla. 
Camilla blushed. 
In the car, Winston realized his bleak future. 
“I-I was only acting under instructions. I didn’t have a choice.” 
Fred dropped to the ground and pleaded, “Your Highness! I’m just a police chief. The person is higher ranked than me. I didn’t have any other choice than to carry out his orders. Please hear me out, Your Highness.” 
“Oh? Who outranked you?” The Queen asked offhandedly. 
“Lieutenant Colonel Maxwell Hastings.”
The queen scowled at the mention of the name. 
Bella, Camilla, and the others had complicated looks on their faces. 
The timely presence of the wife of the Sentanian President put an end to the chaotic scene. 
Even though Camilla was not from Terranova, her family ties with the Thompsons and friendship with the Queen formed good diplomatic relations between Sentania and Terranova. Edward, the President of Sentania and husband of Camilla, signed a few important agreements with Terranova, and they were on friendly terms. 
Camilla held sway in the royal family. The Queen and King of Terranova respected her as much. 
Fired and stripped of his title right away, Fred could not even stand up straight. He was dragged into the police car. 
The chief secretary escorted the Queen back to the palace. 
Before leaving, she gave Camilla a hug. She was reluctant to say goodbye. 
“When are we going to meet again, Camilla?” The Queen asked tearfully. 
“I’ll head to you once I’m free.” Camilla thoughtfully dried the Queen’s tears in a sisterly manner. 
“Sob, sob… But you’re always busy.” 
“But we will meet again.” 
After seeing the Queen off, Camilla stared at the receding car and waved her hand.
“I didn’t know you were close with the Queen, Camilla. I feel a little jealous.” Bella held Camilla’s arm affectionately and nuzzled her shoulder. 
“My little jealous bunny.’ 
Camilla smiled dotingly and brushed her finger against Bella’s nose. You have a lot of people who love and adore you. You have loyal men and like-minded friends. One man even goes as far as throwing his life away for you time and again.” 
Bella’s heart skipped a beat. 
Her mind flew back to Justin’s handsome face. Her heart beats for him every time. 
“But I am her only friend.” Camilla sighed helplessly.
###chapter1021
Winston’s dream of surviving in Terranova was crushed once the King’s decree was issued. 
Furthermore, it seemed that the royal family wanted to use this incident as an excuse to snatch more power from the military, weakening them and dealing a severe blow to the evil lurking in the dark. 
What happened was a confrontation between the royal family and the military. Otherwise, why would a nobody like Winston cause such a major operation? 
Camilla briefed Bella on the situation afterward, but someone as smart as Bella had already guessed it. 
She paid more attention to another name, the military officer mentioned by the police-Maxwell Hastings. 
She thought it was suspicious. 
However, Bella did not have time to think about it. Her mind was occupied by thoughts of when Justin’s condition would stabilize and when he would wake up. 
Winston was imprisoned and awaiting deportation. In Savrow, Ralph had informed his superior, rushing to Terranova overnight with his men to extradite Winston. 
At midnight, everyone was in the hospital hallway, but the air was cold and quiet. 
Ryan and Drew had been occupied with phone calls outside. 
Drew was updating Ralph, who was rushing here, while Ryan updated Yasmin, who was at home watching Carrie. Ryan also took the opportunity to watch Carrie’s sleeping face through the video call. 
When Ryan stared at Carrie on his screen, he had the urge to cry from his intense longing for her.
With red eyes, he lightly caressed Carrie’s face through the screen and lightly kissed his screen. 
“Tsk, kissing your phone screen? How cheesy. I’m going to vomit.” 
Drew’s handsome face suddenly appeared, which made Ryan yelp ?n surprise. He quickly ended the video call, afraid of disturbing his sleeping girlfriend. 
“Hey… What is wrong with you? You just have to diss whatever I do!” 
“That’s because you’re ridiculous.” 
Drew scratched his ears. “If everyone in a relationship was as cheesy as you, I’d rather be single for the rest of my life.” 
“With your vicious mouth, you only deserve to be single. Any woman who’s foolish enough to date you would probably fall sick due to anger!” Ryan retorted sarcastically. 
“Come again?” Drew raised his brows with a devilish smile. “Say it again, and I’ll tell your girlfriend that you once pursued my sister madly. You’re going to sleep on the couch when you get home. Haha!” 
‘Fuck! What an animal!’ Ryan clenched his fists in anger, but he dared not retort. 
He was not afraid of anything except for an angry girlfriend. 
“I don’t understand. Except for being clueless in love, Justin is generally a proud man. How did he get so close to you?” 
Drew nearly called Ryan a dumbass. 
“Fuck! If it weren’t for my friendship, Justin’s life would have been even more lonely and tough!”
Ryan ignored his mockery, his eyes showing distress for Justin. “Do you think Justin doesn’t like to make friends? It’s because he couldn’t!” 
Drew took a drag of his cigarette and halted, asking with genuine curiosity, “Why? Does he have psychological problems?” 
“Bro, aren’t you rude?” Ryan angrily glared at him. 
“If he doesn’t have any psychological issues, why did he ignore my sister and insist on being with that bitch who cheated on him?” 
After experiencing so many things together, Drew had let go of his prejudice toward Justin.
###chapter1022
Chapter 1022 However, the older generation of the Thompson family liked to hold grudges and bring up old scores. When Drew thought of this, he wanted to tease Justin, completely forgetting that the latter was still fighting for his life.
“Because of his background, Justin was bullied by his classmates when he was a child. He hid his injuries every day to avoid worrying his mother, only ever telling her about the good things that happened.”
“Fuck! | hate school bullying the most! Some kids aren’t raised by humans. They are demonic brats!”
Drew angrily crushed the cigarette box in his hand, feeling his temper rise. “Is Justin so weak? Doesn’t he fight back?! How can a Salvador be bullied? Ram a Rolls-Royce into them!”
“He could deal with one or two people, but what if you become the target one day and everyone picks on you?” Ryan asked, feeling a heartache.
Drew’s pupils shrank, and his fingers curled into a ball.
“Drew, you are Chairman Thompson’s legitimate son, born by the woman he loved most and raised in luxury and privilege. Even | grew up in a relatively simple family environment. My parents loved each other and doted on me, their only son. People like us have never experienced the pain brought by Justin’s awkward identity, nor have we experienced the pressure of tiptoeing and scheming around in a complicated family.”
Drew fell into deep thought.
Indeed, Justin was not the legal wife’s son. He had another elder brother from the same father. Later, Gregory married the ruthless and cunning Shannon, who made Justin’s life in the Salvador family bitter.
“Therefore, Justin hasn't had any friends besides me all these years. He was psychologically repulsed by making friends because he had closed himself off. Moreover, he was used to loneliness. It doesn’t matter to him if nobody is friends with him.”
Was there anyone who truly enjoyed being alone? Most of the time, it was because they had no choice. “| take back what | said,” Drew abruptly said. “What?”
“The Hoffman family’s upbringing is decent. At least you didn’t go along with the crowd at such a young age. You didn’t join in because everyone was picking on one person”
Ryan suddenly thought of Zoe and the dirty things she did after coming back. He thought of how vicious she looked when she bullied Carrie. It was so terrifying that he could not recognize his own sister.
He smiled bitterly. As Zoe’s eldest brother, he was like a father figure to her, but he had failed in that role, and his sister went down the wrong path.
“You may look dumb, but you have a righteous heart.” When Drew walked past Ryan, he patted his shoulder heavily. “From now on, you're not that brat’s only friend.” Ryan’s heart skipped a beat, and he immediately turned around.
Drew left like a gust of wind, already walking far away.
On the other side, in the hallway outside the emergency room andy Camilla ecorpipanied Beta cHey Niay waited outside the emergency room for Arnold’s operation to end. 
“Bella, such a large-scale operation might last until morning. Why don,
yo find a.cooR) to CastHst? Camilla h d Bella, whose body was cold and whose hands were trembling. She was afraid Bella would exhaust herself. Visit to read
the latest 
“lm fine. I'll wait here.” Bella’s eyelashes fluttered. “How could | sleep in this situation?” “Bella.”
Asher walked over and sat beside her, asking seriously, “What do you think of that lieutenant colonel, Maxwell Hastings, that was mentioned by the police chief?”
Camilla grudgingly said, “Asher, let Bella lect Can't you talk about it m later? | wilLachvely Grge the
g érhment to investigate this case with Edward. We won't let you be bullied in vain.” 
“It's okay, Camilla. | wanted to talk about it too.”
Bella patted Camilla’s arm and turned to look at Asher with a heavy gaze. “Ash, this attack on you and Justin isn’t so simple.” 
###chapter1023
“Your mission was highly confidential, and | know Justin has always been meticulous and careful. He wouldn’t leak any information. Even if Winston’s men informed him after you landed, the people who arrived should be his comrades. Why would a military team with heavy firearms show up? It’s abnormal!” Bella analyzed.
“Yeah, | even think that the men sent by Maxwell were not here to fetch Winston. They came for me and Justin.”
Asher recalled what Justin told her, and her breath hitched. “Justin told me that he’s 90% sure who sent those people from the military. However, we didn’t have time to say much in that critical situation.”
Bella’s eyes narrowed. “Justin met Maxwell before? Why did he have contact with military personnel from Terranova?”
Asher shook his head. “No, Justin said someone from Savrow contacted Maxwell secretly, attempting to use military strength to kill us.”
From Savrow?! Bella’s lips parted in surprise, and her mind spun. Who could be so malicious and have the connections to get the military to act against them?
“I've sent some men to investigate Maxwell Hastings. Someone in the upper society in Savrow must have close connections to Terranova, and they will be included in my list of suspects.” Asher’s expression was gloomy and scary.
“When Justin wakes up, he can give us the answer. Didn’t he say he’s 90% sure who did it?”
At this moment, Camilla’s brows were deeply furrowed, and her eyes grew darker.
“Camilla, you don’t look good. Are you sick?” Asher noticed her unusual expression and asked with concern. “Bella, recently, are you...”
Suddenly, the emergency room’s door flew open.
Anurse, whose surgical uniform was stained with blood, ran out while panting. She shouted anxiously, “The patient lost too much blood. The hospital’s blood supply has run out. We need an emergency blood transfusion!”
“I'll do it!” Bella immediately stood up and rushed forward without hesitation. However, she froze.
She remembered that when she brought a severely injured Justin back to their camp in the past and he needed blood, her blood type. was incompatible with his. She could not help him.
“Let me,” Asher offered.
“Me too!” Camilla raised her hand.
“We are here as well. With so many people, even if that brat is a vampire, he should have enough blood to drink!”
Drew and Ryan walked over. As long as they could save Justin’s life, they were even willing to donate a kidney, let alone a blood transfusion.
“The patient has a Rh-negative blood type. Are all of you Rh- negative?!” The nurse was in a hurry to save a patient, so she did not have a nice tone.
Bella’s heart sank, and panic enveloped her.
Rh-negative was a rare blood type, and the hospital did not have es n this iyitindDsttuation,
te would they find time to get blood from other hospitals? Would other hospitals even have it? 
“What? Justin is Rh-negative !? Why is this brat ie od at cAKsiNY om tnqublew” Gre as shocked and blabbered without filtering his words. 
“Drew, don’t say that. Saving Justin is our priority.” Asher sternly chastised his brother. Just as they were at a loss for what to do, a clear and low voice sounded.
“Let me do it. | have Rh-negative blood. I'll do a blood transfusion now.”
“Edward?!”
Camilla watched her husband
approach her, looking tir aftenay leqgdpurren Bh&cbvéred her mouth
in disbelief, almost unable to stop her tears from falling. 
“Oh God, Edward...” Bella was also stunned and blinked hard. Edward was a man of different status now. He was the powerful President of Sentania!
How reckless and dangerous was it for him to come over with just a few men to find Camilla? 
###chapter1024
“Camilla, sorry, I’m late.” Edward was almost 40 years old, but the way he stared at his wife was as if he were an infatuated teenager.
His eyes reddened with guilt as he opened his arms and embraced Camilla, patting her shaking back and gently whispering soft murmurs in her ear. “Did you know how frightened | was when | heard that you rushed to Terranova all alone? Why are you so bold? What would | do if anything happened to you?”
“If anything happens to me, you can find another First Lady.”
In front of her beloved husband, Camilla turned into a clingy wife craving attention, burying her blushing face in his chest while listening to his clear heartbeat, which made her feel safe.
“What are you talking about?”
Edward kissed his wife’s hair, captivated by the warm and fuzzy smell. “Without you, | wouldn’t be where | am now. Everything | obtain will lose its meaning. I'll go with you without hesitation.”
“You can’t say this. I'll get angry.” “Then I'll shave off my hair and become a monk. I'll remember you for the rest of my life.”
Looking at how much Camilla and Edward loved each other, Bella was jealous but happy. She lowered her head and secretly rubbed her eyes.
How great would it be if she could also embrace her lover under the sun and be with him forever? Justin must wake up first. Otherwise, how bleak would her future be?
Without delay, Edward went into the emergency room with the nurse after greeting everyone, preparing to do a blood transfusion for Justin.
Camilla stared anxiously at the tightly closed door, and her forehead was covered in sweat due to worry.
“Camilla, | remember that Edward was quite weak. Justin needs a large amount of blood. Can he handle it?” Asher asked, frowning.
“It's okay. Edward can do it. | believe in him.” Camilla hid the worry in her eyes and comforted everyone gently. “Camilla...”
Bella’s words choked up as she hugged Camilla. She said nothing, but Camilla understood her and smiled softly. “Family helps each other It’s only natural.”
Time passed agonizingly slowly. When the sun rose, the lights in the emergency room went out, and the door opened.
Everyone's eyes were red from the lack of sleep, but the moment they heard the door open, it was as if they saw hope and immediately rushed forward.
Bella’s heart thumped as she watched Arnold drag his tired body out, wearing a blood-stained surgical uniform.
He took off his mask and revealed a
pale and exhausted facelHisehes | Wer biids ot, and sweat drenched his clothes. 
Asher felt a sting in his heart when he saw camel BPPSATAIOK AR onan! inexpidcabie emotion swirled within him. 
“Dr. Larson, how is Justin?” Bella’s heart tightened. Every word she uttered was hoarse. “Mr. Salvador...”
Arnold was exhausted, and his blood circulation was strained ele enn staneing tod ong) Sddenly, his
vision went black, and his body
swayed unsteadily. Visit
to read the latest
“Dr. Larson!”
The crowd gasped, but they saw a figure swiftly rush forward, holding Arnold up without hesitation. “Careful.”
Amold took a breath and slowly looked up.
Looking at Asher’s anxious gaze directed at him, his heart was pounding, enveloped by warmth. 
###chapter1025
Asher’s heart skipped a beat, and his face slightly flushed as if burned by Arnold's intense and passionate gaze. “You're overworked. You look terrible.”
“Are you looking out for me?” A glint of mesmerizing light flashed across Arnold’s eyes.
Asher’s throat bobbed, and he replied with a hoarse voice, “Yes.”
It was a simple word, yet Arnold's heart blossomed with joy. All his resentment and complaints toward Asher when he came dissipated.
There was no way around it. Arnold was just that easy.
He had fallen for Asher.
“I've operated on Mr. Salvador and extracted the bullet in his left shoulder and the arrowhead in his back.”
Supported by Asher, Arnold discreetly leaned into his chest. ” Fortunately, the arrow wasn’t poisoned, or he would have died.
“Even so, his situation is not looking good. The arrowhead was only a centimeter away from his vital organs. If such organs were damaged, you know the consequences. Even Dr. Brown couldn’t save him.”
The crowd was shocked into silence, panicking.
Bella’s thin shoulders trembled. Her chest felt as if it had been run over by a heavy tractor, and tears welled up in her eyes. She was Dr. Brown, an outstanding doctor.
She knew too well what Arnold’s words meant. Justin, severely injured, practically had a foot in the gates of hell.
“What about now? How is Justin’s condition?”
“Although | successfully extracted the sharp from his body and gave him a blood transfusion, he had lost too much blood when he was sent here. His vital organs had shown signs of failure. Therefore, Mr. Salvador still hasn’t passed the critical period.”
As a doctor, Arnold had to tell the truth. Everyone's hearts tightened. Their expressions were gloomy. Bella felt as if all the blood in her body was drained, and she felt a bone-chilling cold around her.
In the past, whenever this happened, Justin would read her emotions in time and take off his coat to wrap it around her or pull her into his arms as if he wanted to transfer all the warmth in his body to her.
No matter how strong and flawless she appeared in front of gin scinthe axes ohne tnan'deebly in love with her, she was always a girl who needed protection. 
“Can | go in?”
After a while, Bella raised her pale face and ete Avioli, aC om ghistenitg ear forming at the corner of her eyes. 
“He’s in the ICU. You should wait until after the critical period to see him,” Arnold said lightly. Bella nodded slowly, a lump forming in her throat. “Okay. I'll wait.”
Arnold was not a man who cherished women, but looking at the y mM
man jncfroht OF Kittwit ieee lowered and a crushed expression, he felt sorry for her. 
After Edward gave his blood to Justin, he was sent into a regular ward by the staff to recuperate. 
###chapter1026
Chapter 1026 “Are you okay, Edward? If you feel uncomfortable, you must say something. Don’t endure it.”
Camilla stayed by her husband's side. She was inexplicably upset when she saw her husband's weak complexion. Edward looked as if he had aged a few years. “In the past, you once forced yourself to give a speech at the school even though you had acute appendicitis. The second you came down from the stage, you fainted in pain! The doctor said any delay would have caused your life to be in danger when we sent you to the hospital. You always worry me! You don’t know how to take care of yourself!”
“| have you to take care of me.” Edward lightly pinched his wife’s cheek and smiled at her dotingly.
“I'm serious!” Camilla complained, poking his waist slightly.
“It's not that bad. I’m just a little dizzy, and | feel light-headed as if | don’t have much strength.”
Edward smiled like it was nothing. “I'll ask my secretary to make some soup. You'll get a portion too. “Edward, you need to eat more red meat as well.”
Bella walked in and teased, “When Camilla gives birth in the future, be sure to give her the same treatment. “Bella, what are you saying? We don’t have plans yet...” Camilla blushed, and she pursed her lips.
“Bella is right. Now that our career is stable and the elections are over, it is time for us to consider adding a cute new member to our family.”
Edward took Camilla’s hands and rubbed her smooth knuckles. “I know you love kids. You haven't asked for one to accommodate me. Throughout these years, you have suffered much while following me around. | feel guilty. From now on, only good days await us.”
“Edward, what are you saying?”
Camilla leaned closer to her husband, gently caressing his face with a smile as sweet as a teenage girl in love. “I chose to follow you. You don’t owe me anything. On the contrary, what you gave me was more than enough.”
Edward was moved. He supported himself to sit up and grabbed the back of Camilla’s neck, pulling her into a deep kiss as if no one was around.
Camilla was initially shy because Bella was around and wanted to refuse it, but slowly, she fell into her lover’s tender affection and kissed him back passionately.
Bella turned around and hid in the corner, leaning against the wall. She was almost in tears because she was happy for her sister.
Although Wyatt had not been optimistic about this couple with a big age gap, and Bella was worried about Camilla being in Sentania, so far away from home, every time she saw how in love they were together, she would think that they were indeed a perfect couple.
Camilla’s face turned tomato red after making out for a while.
However, Edward acted naturally and did not treat Bella as an outsider. He wrapped his arms around Camilla as he spoke to Bella.
“Bella, don't worry. | talked to the King of Terranova last night. He has appointed a ren pica deietianei charge star ing Maxwell. When we capture Maxwell and interrogate him, the truth about who wanted to harm Mr. Salvador and my brother-in-law will come out.” 
Brother-in-law... Edward was almost ten years older than Asher, old enough to be Asher’s uncle.
Therefore, Bella felt weird whenever she heard Edward refer to Asher as his Brothers Wy byt Edward GY mih?AttKoug he was now the head of a country, he remained humble in front of his wife's family and had a good temper. 
“Edward, thank you. Thank you for giving your pepe. Gan you. Bela Was ￥0 grateful that she stuttered a little. 
###chapter1027
“It's nothing. If | can’t even handle this, am | worthy of being your brother-in-law?” Edward felt embarrassed. At this moment, his phone rang. Seeing that it was a call from the King, Edward quickly answered it. While conversing, Bella saw Edward’s expression darken, and her heart tightened.
After he ended the call, Bella quickly asked, “Edward, is something wrong?”
“Maxwell is not within the borders of Terranova. He left the country.’
Edward’s gaze was heavy.
“He ran off? Did someone tip him off, and he fled overnight?” Bella’s brows furrowed.
“No, he has been in your country all this time. He was not in
Terranova when this incident happened.”
“Where is he?”
“Savrow.”
Bella’s crystal-like eyes shrunk, and she clenched her fists.
She recalled what Asher told her. Justin had said there was someone working with Terranova from Savrow, and he was 90% sure of that person’s identity!
Why was he so sure?
There was only one possibility. Justin knew that person and had enough understanding of them.
“Bella.”
Camilla hesitated and said in a low voice, “The situation was a mess yesterday, so | didn’t have time to tell you. Now, | want to ask you something in front of Edward. What is your current relationship with Christopher Iverson? Are you still close to each other?”
“My relationship with Chris is not what you think. | only see him as a friend.”.
Bella’s gaze was inexplicably dark. “When we were young, we played together. It was a youthful friendship. Then, he went to live with his mother in Sentania for over a decade. We got into contact again after he returned. Over the past year, he has helped me a lot. He saved me two times when | was in danger.”
“I'm not doubting that he genuinely treats you well and likes you. But Bella, he... You’d better distance yourself from him. When we return,< stay away from him if possible.”
Camilla could not hide the worry in her eyes and advised, “Anyway, | can see that the most important man to you is still Misinoke Aftecthis! |! oxdeal, Your lings for each other must have gotten stronger. You should slowly let go of your hatred and start over with him, okay? Mr. Salvador has really sacrificed a lot for you. Even if you can’t accept him, you can't go near that Iverson boy. He’s far inferior to Justin, like heaven and earth.” 
“Iverson? Which Iverson?” Edward asked curiously. “Edward, | meant Christopher Iverson.”
After hearing this name, Edward's usual gentle face was immediate covered with fobs. Aekedtdly-said,
f ies from the Iverson Group. Now, he’s indeed an old acquaintance.” 
His words were forced out of his teeth with obvious resentment and disgust.
“Edward, do you know Christopher? Are you familiar with him? Was there a conflict between you two in Sentania?” Bella’s eyes widened.
Edward sighed and shook his head indignantly. “Christopher was known as the King of the Underworld in Sentania. He controls a famou m ergvere piadarkry, Kas ties
ith powerful officials, and has a close connection to the mafia. He opened underground gambling dens, bribed officials, engaged in the sex trade, and was even suspected of being involved in drug trafficking! However, we just can’t find evidence. He always hid behind the scenes as a mastermind, so we couldn't arrest him!” 
###chapter1028
Bella was stunned.
It was hard to imagine that the man Edward spoke of was the same man who had been gentle and caring toward her. It was completely opposite, like an angel and a devil.
“Not only that. Christopher even tried to manipulate Sentania’s presidential election behind the scenes.”
Camilla felt a lingering fear when she thought of what happened. She grabbed her husband's hand tightly. “He schemed against Edward before, but it was just media warfare. Luckily, Edward is an upright man and has never colluded with those people, so his rival couldn't find any dirt on him. Otherwise... It would no longer be about whether Edward could become President. I’d probably have to send him prison food.”
Bella gasped, feeling a chill down her spine. “He... When did he become so scary? How did he turn out like this?”
“The environment was complex in Sentania. Christopher was not a local, so he had to rely on extreme means to make a name for himself. After all, the start of building a business is always brutal. However, everyone should have a bottom line.” Recalling his years of fighting with Christopher and nearly falling into his trap a few times, Edward was still furious.
Bella’s expression stiffened, and she staggered a few steps back.
How deep of a mask must Christopher wear now to hide all this darkness beneath his gentle and warm facade, not revealing anything?
“So, Bella, when Asher said someone was communicating with Terranova from Savrow, my first guess was Christopher.”
Camilla’s gaze was quite heavy. “But it's just my speculation. We don’t have concrete evidence, but there’s no harm in being aware of that man. Bella, | know you value your connections, and you must feel upset hearing these. Putting aside your emotions, Edward and | merely hope you can stay away from dangerous people and be safe.”
“| value my friends, but justice and righteousness always come first.”
Bella lowered her eyes gloomily. When she raised her head again, her gaze was cold and determined. “Perhaps he had a hard time in a foreign land, but no matter how difficult it was, there’s no excuse for profiting off hurting others and causing others to suffer! However, | still hope Christopher could personally confess these to me for the sake of how long we have known each other.”
“Mr. Christopher! This time, you must help me get rid of this problem!”
Maxwell learned that he was wanted in Terranova, and it was an order given by the King himself. As an accomplice, Chief Carson was arrested. Not even the military could intervene.
Maxwell was anxious and went to Pivotage to look for Christopher, searching for help. “How will | solve it for you?”
Christopher’s wine glass swayed in his hand as he stared at Maxwell darkly. “The people after you are Terranova’s royalty. I’m not from Terranova. How could | help you?”
“If you didn’t ask me to kill Justin and Asher, how could things come to this point?! Are you turning your back on me now?” “Don’t say you did that to help me. You just want to accomplish something and boast to your boss.” Christopher chuckled
indifferently.
Maxwell's eyes widened in anger, and he wanted nothing more than anything to rush up and tear this bastard into pieces! However, he was in Christopher's territory. He might not even manage to step out the door if he acted recklessly.
“Hmph! | knew you would play dirty tricks! Do you think | don’t have a backup plan?”
Maxwell gritted his teeth resentfully. “Let me tell you. | recorded our last conversation! Say, if your beloved Bella knew you tried to kill her brother, what would she think? Your chances with her would immediately be gone!”
After that, he made the gesture of slitting his throat.
Christopher’s pupils shrank, and a sinister light flashed across his eyes. 
###chapter1029
Chapter 1029... How should one describe Christopher’s gaze? It was sinister, vicious, bloodthirsty and ruthless, like a demon from hell.
“You don’t need to look at me like that! If you weren’t so cunning and unpredictable, | would never use this method against you, an old friend!”
Maxwell felt a chill down his spine and gritted his teeth. “After knowing you for so many years, I’ve understood something. You won't show mercy to anyone. In that case, I'll have to find a way out for myself!”
“Do you really have the recording? Christopher narrowed his eyes slightly, his voice revealing a hint of coldness. “Haha... You're indeed afraid!”
Maxwell smiled smugly. “How could | possibly bring it with me? O course, | put it somewhere safe. If you dare to touch me, | guarantee the whole world will hear the recording by tomorrow!”
“Tell me your conditions.” Christopher’s gaze turned cold. In terms of making a deal, Christopher never wasted words.
“| want you to arrange a flight to send me and my men out of the borders. | also want enough money. | helped you deal with two big troubles and spent my effort and time. You won't be so stingy, right?”
“How much do you want?”
“$10 billion. Transfer it to my offshore account. I'll immediately give you the recording once | receive the money and completely vanish from your sight.”
Maxwell raised his brows and smiled cockily. “We’ve worked together for many years, and you got your share of benefits from me. $10 billion is not much for you. Treat it as a separation fee for our many years of friendship.”
$10 billion!
Standing beside them, Taylor’s mouth hung open. This man was truly daring to name his price. “Deal. I'll transfer it to you in three days.”
To his surprise, Christopher agreed immediately.
Maxwell instantly felt a little regretful. He should have asked for mor
“I'd advise you not to walk freely in Savrow these three days. The people from the Salvador and Hoffman families are looking for you everywhere.” Christopher slowly took a sip of his red wine.
“| don’t need you to remind me. Just give me the money quickly!” After making the deal, Taylor sent Maxwell off.
As soon as the door closed, Christopher’s eyes turned dark. His hand tilted to the side, and the wine in his glass spilled on the luxurious white carpet.
“My old friend, this glass of wine is my farewell to you.”
Soon, Taylor hurried back and huffed, “Mr. Christopher! Are you really going to give that useless bastard $10 billion?!” “Of course. If | don’t, what should | do if this matter reaches Bella’s ears?”
Christopher’s indifferent tone dragged along, and he shook his glass. Taylor immediately filled it up. “However, even if he got the money, he had to be alive to spend it.”
Taylor was stunned. “Do you mean... You are going to kill him?” “What else?”
Christopher pushed his golden-rimmed glasses. “Originally, | didn’t want his life. However, he used Bella to threaten me and even tried to ruin our relationship. How can | let him stay alive?”
“Since you had this plan, why are you still paying him?” Taylor was confused. “Because he would only leave Savrow after getting the money. Once he leaves, it will be safer for me to take action.”
Christopher’s gaze darkened. “For three days, | want you to monitor Maxwell and his men closely. Report immediately to me if there are any movements from the Salvador and Hoffman families. Before | kill Maxwell, he must not fall into their hands. Understand?”
“Yes, sir.” 
###chapter1030
After struggling to get through the observation period, Justin’s vital signs were finally stable, and he was allowed to leave the ICU.
It has been a week since he was sent to the hospital.
These days, Bella seemed to have turned into a parasite, clinging to Justin’s side. She never took a step away from him, as if she would lose the necessary nutrition to survive if she left him.
She woke up at Justin’s bedside in the morning and went to sleep with him at night.
Due to being in a severe coma, Justin could only rely on daily nutrient infusions to sustain his life. Bella was stricken with worry and hardly, ate anything. Her face was haggard, visibly losing weight.
Her family could do nothing about it. They all understood that if Justin did not wake up soon, Bella would continue sinking into despair and depression.
She would wilt like a flower. On this night, with the help of Asher and Drew, Bella wanted to wipe Justin’s body.
When they were married, she remembered that Justin always kept himself clean. No matter how expensive a suit was, he would not wear it a second time if any dust got on it. He was immaculate from head to toe, as if not of this world.
But Justin did not know that Bella had seen how messy and blood- stained he was on the battlefield. Whether he was a president of a corporation or a soldier, whether he was shining brightly or covered with mud, her feelings for him never changed.
His outstanding looks and noble identity were his shining points, but throughout these thirteen years, what Bella loved deeply was his pure and upright soul.
Bella undressed Justin, revealing his strong and muscular body, leaving only a lone pair of underwear to cover his private parts.
Asher did not think much of it, but Drew’s eyes widened, and he stared at Justin’s bulging crotch area with apparent jealousy. “Fuck! Is he really unconscious? I’ve seen many unconscious men, but not a single one could get it up like him. Not even me!”
As his words fell, he wanted to pinch Justin’s inner thigh. “Damn it. | must test this guy!”
Bella quickly grabbed his wrist. “Drew, what are you doing?”
“| want to pinch him to see if he’s really unconscious or putting on an act.” Drew was feeling mischievous, eager to try it out. “You don’t need to. He’s always been quite big. | can vouch for it!” Bella was flustered and blurted out.
Asher and Drew were speechless.
Bella’s face immediately flushed red. She pursed her lips and lowered her head, frantically wiping Justin's arm with a towel. One would have thought she was scrubbing a car.
The expressions on the brothers’ faces were similarly awkward, obviously sharing the same blood.
“Ahem... Drew, why are you looking at Bella like this?”
Asher broke the awkward atmosphere first, covering his mouth with a fist and coughing lightly. “Bella and Justin were married for three years. Isn’t this normal between husband and wife?”
“Uh.. Yeah! Damn, | forgot about that! Hahaha. It’s great if it's big! That way, Bella will have a happy life... Ouch!” Before Drew could finish his words, Asher discreetly elbowed Drew in the ribs, causing him to suck in a breath in pain! Bella blushed with embarrassment, her cheeks as red as a tomato. ” I’m done with this side. Now flip him over!”
The brothers helped to move Justin’s body around. Otherwise, Bella could not have done it by herself with her thin arms After wiping Justin’s body clean, Asher and Drew left the hospital.
Outside the door, Drew rubbed his ribs that were still aching, glaring at Asher resentfully.
“Asher, it hurts so much. You broke me.”
Asher kept a straight face. “Shut up.” 
###chapter1031
“I'm your lovely brother! We came out of the same womb. How could you be so cruel to me? My bones are going to break!” Drew pouted.
Apart from Asher, no one else could see this cutesy side of Drew.
“lam punishing you for not being able to control your mouth. You'd only remember it if it was painful.” “Tsk...I’m just joking. Why don’t you have a sense of humor?”
As he spoke, Drew lowered his head and looked at his crotch, humming discontentedly.
Men were indeed childish beings who needed to compete and compare everything.
“Anyway, Bella stayed in Justin’s ward every day, not eating, sleeping, or even using her phone. Isn’t she bored?” Drew could not help but ask.
“No. How could it be boring to watch over someone you love?”
Drew's brows furrowed. “I don’t understand...”
“Drew, we always thought you were the smartest among us brothers.
However, you're too dense in terms of love. You still can’t understand what it feels like to love someone wholeheartedly.”
Asher’s heart skipped a beat. His thoughts drifted as memories flooded his mind. “Let alone watch over someone; even a picture of them wouldn’t make you feel lonely.”
At this moment, footsteps sounded. Asher raised his head and saw Arnold walking toward him, his hands casually tucked into the pockets of his white coat.
His lips curled into a faint smile, and his eyes curved, looking like a shining ray of sunlight penetrating the darkest corner of Asher’s heart.
“Asher.” —“Asher.” In Asher’s mind, Arnold and another figure merged into one.
Asher’s body suddenly trembled beneath his neat suit, as if his heart were shot by a bullet coming from a distant sky, catching him off guard.
It was quiet and peaceful in the ward. Bella routinely whispered sweet nothings in Justin’s ear, talking abou frightening moments they experienced together.
Arnold had told her that for patients in a comatose state, continuously stimulating their brains by frequently talking to them about memorable events might help them to wake up.
As long as there was a little hope, Bella would not give up.
“Justin, wake up soon. If you wake up, I'll tell you a secret...”
“Forget it. If you wake up, I'll tell you anything.”
“Wake up, okay? Please...”
Bella murmured in Justin’s ears. Her eyes were teary as she felt the urge to cry.
She did not want anything else. She only wanted soaehens) do Fyajestically | appear inte li ike he always did, becoming her beacon of light. 
However, the man’s response was a heartbreaking silence. Bella’s eyes welled up with tears, threatening to fall at any time.
She held Justin’s hand and spread out his palm. Hep iep ngertigs trembled as\sue tidGet hea she wanted to tell him but was too shy to say. 
When the final stroke fell, Bella could not control the emotions she-hadyy\
essed Ve ibolore Verings fell, streaming down her cheeks, which was a heartbreaking sight. 
Suddenly, she felt Justin’s rough fingertips move ever so slightly. 
###chapter1032
Bella rubbed her eyes hard and stared at Justin’s hand. She thought she was hallucinating due to the exhaustion. “Justin... Justin?”
Bella’s voice trembled and choked as she carefully called out his name.
“Justin... Can you hear my voice? If you can, just move your fingers. Justin!”
“Bella.”
His weak voice was clear and loud in the room where only the two of them were, making Bella excited.!
“Justin! Are you awake? Can you hear me? Justin!”
“Bella...” Justin's pale lips moved as if he were murmuring in his sleep
But even in a dream, the only person on his mind was Bella.
“I'm here! I’m here!” Bella quickly responded with a choking voice, her tears streaming down her face in excitement. The next second, Justin opened his hand slowly, locking their trembling fingers together.
The man who was once strong and formidable, who shielded her from the storm, was not struggling to perform such a simple action.
“Just now... What did you write on my palm?”
Bella’s face burned, and her eartips blushed red.
“Don't write it. | want to hear it from you...” Justin slowly opened his eyes, full of hope.
Bella’s heart thumped, and her facé flushed red, spreading to her snow -white neck.
She was like a blooming red rose. Bella slowly leaned down, pressing against his chest as she said softly, “I love you.”
Justin’s eyes shimmered with captivating tears. Every word she said was enough to carve an unforgettable mark on his beating heart.
Finally, he heard her confession again. Others obtained love by being sincere, but he had to risk his life on top of that.
Bella cleared her throat. She felt so shy and embarrassed that she did not dare to look into Justin's passionate eyes. She wanted to pres the call bell and summon the doctor and her brothers.
Suddenly, she gasped as she fell into Justin's embrace.
Her confession gave him a boost of energy. He pulled her into his arms and held her waist tightly with his uninjured arm, speaking with a hoarse voice.
“| thought... | would never hear you say you love me again.”
“Hmph! | once laid my heart bare in front of you, but you cel know) haw ig ehgrighet|Amidrb bode?” Bella crouched on his chest like a cat, complaining while she sulked. 
“It's my fault. It’s all my fault.”
Justin rubbed her waist and thought of how she once begged him in tears,
; ; renee crying as ess shectovedhim. Eye baing pierced by thousands of arrows would not make him feel more pain than this guilt. He choked back sobs and gasped for breath. 
“| knew you never really forgave me, even you said you loved me.” Love and forgiveness were two different things.
Bella loved him and gave herself to him, but it was not equalto . G far iveness.\Hie WeS riot that full of himself to hope she would let go of her resentment toward him. 
“Everything is in the past.’
Bella closed her eyes and smiled contentedly. “Justin, | forgive you.
Unknowingly, tears fell down Justin’s face. 
###chapter1033
Chapter 1033 Justin went from being injured, undergoing surgery, and getting into a coma, to awakening in less than half a month.
Anormal person might not make it on the operation table, and even if they did, it was entirely possible for them to be in a coma for one or two months.
Arnold later concluded that it was because Justin was born with a naturally strong physique! It also had something to do with the fact that his long military life helped him build up resistance to external injuries.
After the sun rose, Bella accompanied Justin for a comprehensive physical examination.
During the process, Justin was as obedient as a child being led by his mother to the doctor, listening to everything Bella said and not uttering a word no matter how she handled him.
“Have you seen this side of Bella? She is radiating like a goddess!! feel like praying to her.”
Drew clicked his tongue, jealously watching Bella squat to place a blanket over Justin’s thighs on his wheelchair. “Ever since Bella had a man, we have become abandoned dolls in her attic. She won’t spare us a glance anymore.”
“There’s nothing you can do. Justin is a handsome and masculine man who showed his vulnerability. Who wouldn't feel distressed for him?”
Ryan finally caught an opportunity to mock Drew. He raised his brows and smiled sarcastically. “Why don’t you just hurt yourself? Like chopping off an arm or a leg. If you’re in a worse state than Justin, maybe Bella’s attention will return to you.”
“Fuck! | am Bella’s brother! Since we were kids, we were close enough to wear the same pants and sleep under the same blanket. | made toys for her, tied her shoelaces, cleaned up her leftovers, and took the blame for her whenever she got us into trouble!”
Drew got angrier as he spoke. “Who does Justin think he is? We have cared for Bella like our own daughter, and he snatched her away from us. Now, we have to compete for attention with that bastard. Why?!”
“Because Bella loves him.”
Ryan lazily yawned. “Bella’s brother, you'd better accept this fact soon. After experiencing so many hardships, nobody could separate them anymore.”
“Drew, you're not that young anymore. Stop acting so recklessly.”
Asher and Arnold walked toward them together. The gentle and radiant sunlight cast a soft golden glow around this pair of outstanding figures.
“Mr. Hoffman is right. One day, Justin will become your brother-in-law unless Bella stays single for the rest of her life, because you probably won't be having another brother-in-law.”
Although Asher and Arnold were both men, Drew and Ryan could not help but think they looked good together. Amold was wild, charming, and feminine, while Asher was elegant, reserved, handsome, and tough.
It was a pity that Arnold was a man. If he were a woman, they would be a match made in heaven.
“Just wait for it!”
Drew’s face twisted in anger. “Justin must marry into our family instead and bear our name!”
“Sure!”
Ryan agreed on behalf of his best friend. “Your family has nine children and three mistresses. If Chairman Thompson could support so many people, he wouldn’t mind Justin joining in.”
Amold snorted. “Are you that eager to marry off your best friend?”
Upon hearing that, Asher turned to look at the person beside him.
As if they were in sync, Arnold looked at him at that moment, and their eyes met. Asher’s heart skipped a beat, and he turned his gaze away with a calm expression. However, his bobbing throat still exposed a hint of nerves.
“When Justin marries into our family, I'll make him do all the h ree e-chores
petjas tolpay aids to us every day. Their child must be a Thompson” Drew yelled. 
“You're underestimating Justin. Not just chores. You should idahe RinyY) nase sage yolElees'and wash your feet!” Ryan excitedly said, as if he could not wait to witness Justin's married life. 
On the other side, Bella had accompanied stin. te, o,figisithis mM checly Ube & e€ wheeled him over to where the group was. 
“What are you guys laughing at? Are you talking about us?” Bella suspiciously glanced at Drew and Ryan. 
###chapter1034
Fortunately, Axel did not come, or they might have caused a ruckus by now.
“Mr. Salvador is the apple of Bella’s eyes now. How would | dare to overstep?” Drew said sourly. “That’s enough, Drew.” Asher rolled his eyes.
Bella sighed helplessly. “Drew, | can already imagine what situation your future wife will be in! Will you act like a jealous fool every time she glances at another man?”
“Jealous? Hmph, I'll make her bedridden for three days!” The crowd was speechless. Justin watched the siblings banter and could not help but smile, feeling infected by the light and cheerful atmosphere.
In the past, he would be jealous. But now he knew that this was how the Thompsons interacted with each other. They only said those words because they cared for Bella too much.
What he needed to do was get used to it, understand it, and blend in.
It was said that people in love lose themselves in it. Now, Justin felt as if he was on the way to losing himself.
“Everyone is here today.”
The crowd turned around and saw Edward and Camilla holding hands, walking toward them sweetly like a newlywed couple. “We've finally made it. It’s great to see everyone together.”
Camilla smiled with relief when she saw Justin’s face, which gradually regained some color under her sister’s care. “Mr. Salvador, how are you feeling?”
“Great. | could be discharged from the hospital tomorrow and take Bella home.” Justin’s attitude was polite and humble. “Tomorrow? Are you crazy?”
Bella put her hand on his sturdy shoulder and pinched it with a huff. ” The doctor said that although you had a fast recovery, you're still not fit for discharge yet. You have to stay for another week at least!”
Justin covered her hand with his and rubbed it slightly. “Maxwell is hiding in Savrow. | need to hurry back and find him. | don’t want it to
drag on any longer. We also need to interrogate Winston and expose Shannon. With so many important things waiting for me, my health is
the last concern.”
They did not have overly intimate gestures, but everyone thought that even their souls were intertwined. “You can’t overexert yourself. Health is the foundation of everything!
You only think about those things, but have you ever thought about
how | feel?”
She was distressed.
Justin’s throat was bitter with guilt, and he held her hand tightly,
unwilling to let go.
He knew what she wanted to say without her having to put it into
words.
“Justin, it's never too late to get revenge. You should focus on recuperating first,” Edward advised.
Justin’s lips curled in gratitude. “Thank you for your congern PeegigentcAlsb, tadak You for giving me your blood. | owe you one. | will repay you tenfold.” 
“Haha. There’s no need to be so formal now. I'll consider it repaid if
you just call me Edward!” Outside of politics, Edward was, likp\a different | patsonih fdr#-oPhis family-straightforward and down-to- 
earth.
Camilla nudged Justin, who had not yet reacted.
Then, Justin’s clear voice rang out in the hallway. “Okay, Edward.” Bella pursed her rosy lips as she blushed.
“Tsk, give him an inch, and he'll take,a mile.” Drew foflet>his ayes atvisit NSS aa seer to read the latest 
Justin.
“It's not impossible if you want to leave.”
Asher calmly said, “For now, you can’t let your other family members know about your situation. I’ve arranged for you to stay in the Thompson Hospital's VIP ward. It has a nice environment and is
discreet.” 
###chapter1035
“Bella, don’t worry too much. It’s only five hours to reach Savrow from Terranova. We have all the medical infrastructure on the private plane, so there won't be an issue.”
“Yeah, and you have a famous doctor like me on board. What are you scared of?” Arnold raised his chin arrogantly.
Ryan said, “Even if you’re famous, are you more famous than Bella?” “What do you mean?” Arnold frowned.
“Bella is Dr. Brown. Are you still not aware of it?”
Arnold stared at Bella’s calm face in shock. He then turned to look at the others, who were indifferent and unaffected.
So, everyone knew except for him?
He has been bragging about himself in front of the miracle doctor Amold turned around stiffly, supporting himself against the wall. He had his back to the crowd, head lowered.
Ryan scratched his head. “Hey, what’s up with him?”
Drew crossed his arms. “Don’t know. Perhaps my sister’s multiple identities had sent him into shock.”
The next day, Bella, Justin, and the others boarded the Thompson family’s private plane and headed off to Savrow.
Camilla and Edward could not go with them. They had to return to Sentania immediately.
The work in Sentania was piling up, and the chief secretary had been ringing non-stop. The president and his wife’s personal schedule had taken up too much time. For the couple in positions of power and influence, time was the most luxurious commodity. They traveled light. As Bella was still worried, she asked Drew to come along so they could take care of each other on the flight.
On the plane, Arnold was napping, as he was not a morning person. The others got together with serious expressions.
“Justin, Asher said you guessed who Maxwell works for. Who is. behind the scenes instructing him to kill both of you?” Bella had suppressed it for too long and finally asked.
Asher and Ryan looked grim, waiting for his answer.
Justin’s brows slightly furrowed, and he stared deeply into Bella’s eyes. “Bella, will you believe me if | say it? I’m afraid you wouldn't be willing to accept that answer.”
“Was it Christopher?” Bella’s gaze was dark.
Asher and Ryan were stunned!
Justin’s pupils contracted. “Bella, how did you know?”
“When you were unconscious, Edward and Camilla talked to me for a long time. They suspect Christopher was secretly in contact with
Maxwell. After all, when he was in Sentania, he had close connections
Chapter 1035 to Terranova too.”
Bella immediately told them about what Edward ang, Carailaxhad om apénetced over the years. 
“Fuck! It really was that slimy bastard! | knew it! He just looks deceitful!” Ryan gritted his teeth indignantly.
“| don’t understand. If it really was Christopher, | could understand
him trying to kill you. But Asher had no grudge against imWhyGid ies QhYistopHér t him too?” Bella’s heart felt cold, and her hand 
clenched into a fist.
“That’s only on the surface. | have a big feud with him.”
Asher’s gaze was chilly as his lips curled. “In private, it was not the first time | clashed with him, but it was only a verbal conflict. We didn’t get violent.”
Bella’s beautiful eyes were full of shock.
She totally had no idea when such things had happened between om GhtigtobHer and her brother. 
“I've noticed the little tricks Christopher did behind the scenes early
1. Although he did it because he liked you, | disdain those actions. Therefore, | was strongly against you being together and warned him
not to approach you.” 
###chapter1036
Justin suddenly felt his heart sink.
After several encounters, he realized that his understanding of Christopher far surpassed that of his less insightful companion. While Bella viewed Christopher as her childhood friend, he did not see Bella in the same way. Justin knew that Christopher was the kind of person who nitpicked over every detail, held grudges and sought vengeance relentlessly. In other words, he was petty!
Cross him once, and he would make your entire family pay for it.
It was not an exaggeration, because Christopher was genuinely capable of doing it.
“If you have to rely on schemes and tricks to attain love, then that love is no longer pure. It has lost its most primal and sacred essence! Asher’s gaze held a mix of paternal love and worry as he observed Bella. “The idea of you associating with someone like him keeps me
restless all day and night. He has no boundaries with anyone and will use any means necessary to get what he wants. We have no idea if he might someday turn those methods against you. Bella, you’re my
dearest sister and my lifeline. | can’t risk your happiness. | can’t afford to lose.”
Asher’s heartfelt words brought tears to Bella’s eyes. “Ash...”
Asher gently ran his hand through Bella’s hair, then turned to Justin and asked, “Mr. Salvador, since you already suspected Christopher's involvement during your time on the South Island, why didn’t you Chapter 1036
inform me then? Perhaps we could’ve found a solution sooner and caught him red-handed.”
Justin let out a long sigh, a bitter smile tugging at his lips. “Although | detest Christopher, this is purely speculation. No matter how reasonable my suspicions seemed, they were merely suspicions. Without evidence, | can’t hastily accuse him of being the mastermind behind it all.”
Asher felt a mix of indistinct emotions welling inside him, his admiration for Justin increasing.
This was precisely why, despite Christopher's numerous efforts for Bella, Asher always felt that Christopher could not measure up to Justin.
Despite Christopher’s outward charm, his personality was rotten to the core. However, despite many shortcomings, Justin’s soul remained pure and untainted.
“Besides, Christopher is someone Bella values deeply.”
Justin concluded, deciding not to elaborate further.
Bella felt a sharp pang in her heart as if a sharp blade had pierced through her throat. “So... Was the reason why you didn’t say anything back then because you were afraid I’d be angry?” “Yeah.”
Justin admitted with a sheepish smile, his charming eyes reflecting a hint of embarrassment. “I was being too timid. That's not at all like a man should be, right? Initially, | planned to investigate him promptly after leaving South Island, but... | almost didn’t make it back alive. |
shouldn't have been so reckless.”
How pathetic.
In Bella’s presence, this once dignified man seemed to crumble,
fearing even the slightest misstep might upset her and undo all the goodwill he had painstakingly regained. “You're so foolish, Justin. So foolish.” Bella murmured, her eyelashes glistening with tears. Her heart was so heavy that she could barely find words to express her feelings.
Recalling the countless times she had argued hhaxele th Yustincabidut OktistopHer Be was flushed with anger. She could not help 
but find it all incredibly absurd.
Luckily, Justin’s love for her remained steadfast.
Otherwise, if it were someone else, they would have likely been driven away by now.
The plane flew smoothly toward
Savrow, the Noeheke ay elagedinO m1 slienoe\RVah 0 was exhausted, had already drifted off to sleep. 
Bella leaned against Justin, their
heads resting side. He geritly saueezedhe iste hen its
warmth and tenderness, which melted 
his heart.
Suddenly, Justin's expression hardened as he sensed something amiss with Bella’s left pinky. “Bella, what happened to your pinky? Did it get injured?”
Al4
Bella’s breath hitched suddenly, her body trembling in his embrace.
“Bella, what's wrong?” Justin’s concern grew as he felt her distress.
Should she tell him?
Should she tell him that she was the girl who fought alongside him on
the battlefield in Kridor years ago, dragging his wounded body back to
the camp, and that she was the one who lost a finger as a result? 
###chapter1037
Chapter 1037 After a brief internal struggle, Bella decided not to mention anything about the incident.
Seeing Justin now, filled with guilt and regret toward herself, Bella was glad he felt remorseful for his past actions toward her. However, his repeated attempts to atone, risking his life and giving everything to make up for his past mistakes, meant more than enough to Bella.
She still wanted him to light her life up like a star. Besides, she did not
want to burden him with any more guilt.
This was her subtle way of loving someone.
“Bella, are you okay?” Justin’s voice was laced with concern as he
noticed her pale complexion, his warm hand gently grasping her
shoulder.
“lm fine.”
Bella looked up, smiling brightly at him. “What could possibly be
wrong? My finger was injured when | was climbing trees as a kid. It’s
nothing serious. Besides, it doesn’t affect my daily life.”
Despite her assurance, Justin still felt deeply concerned, gently
holding her pinky. “You have so many older brothers. How come none
of them took better care of you?”
“My brothers do take good care of me, but no one was able to control
a little troublemaker like me. Hehe!”
Bella pouted playfully, her lips tempting him irresistibly, Unable to
resist the temptation, Justin pecked her lips lightly.
“In the future, you won't need to trouble your brothers anymore. You have me, and I'll take care of you and protect you.” Bella blushed instantly at his words. He watched her sensitive
reaction, and his breath deepened slightly. His throat rolled uneasily as he was captivated by her desire-filled eyes. “Oh, by the way!”
Bella quickly retrieved a dainty little box from her coat pocket and placed it in Justin's hand. “Here. A gift from Ash.” “Asher? For me?” Justin was surprised, feeling deeply touched.
Bella blushed as she nodded gently. “Yes, you were still unconscious then. | thought about it and decided it would be best to give it to you
personally after you wake up.”
She was meticulous by nature, so when it came to giving gifts, s made sure to package them nicely. Hence, she chose a delicate bla
velvet jewelry box.
Justin’s emotions were complex, a bittersweet sensation rising within him.
It had been a long time since he had received a gift.
Back then, no one remembered these insignificant anniversaries and holidays aside from Bella. No one cared about him this much.
But Justin had been blind to his blessings. He had someone who loved him wholeheartedly, yet he always regarded Bella as a nuisance, constantly wanting to rid himself of her and run away from Chapter 1037
her.
“Go ahead, open it,” Bella urged, leaning against him.
Justin pursed his lips and carefully opened the box. Upon opening the box, his gaze froze in an instant. It was the cross necklace that Asher always wore!
“Isn't this your brother’s personal belonging? Is he okay with giving it
to me?”
“Hmm? Ash never shows this necklace to an ne. H lowycdidtyou 11 erpenthathe Fela” rs it?” Bella keenly picked up on the crucial information. 
Justin frowned, his expression a mix of confusion and wry amusement.
During that incident, when Asher barged into the conference room and got into a physical fight ithAigs, this necklace pobbedolit St his’ shirt collar. The exquisite craftsmanship caught Justin’s eye the moment he saw it. It was clearly handmade, and coupled with the intense situation, it left a lasting impression on him. 
“It's beautiful, very delicate. | really like it.”
“It's not worth much, but it holds deep significance for my broth way thigta ~ouwit’s Kis Wvayro
ing his approval.” Bella's eyes sparkled when she saw that Justin genuinely liked the gift. 
As they came to the present, after all the twists and turns, she was grateful that her true love was still with her.
Even more so, she was grateful that Justin had single-handedly managed to change her brothers’ perception of him. She had thought
Chapter 1037 4/4
her brothers would never forgive him in this lifetime, but fortunately, everything was moving in a good direction. 
###chapter1038
Bella’s sole concern now was for Wyatt.
While deeply affectionate to his daughter, Wyatt remained unyielding toward anyone beyond his family and loved ones. Wyatt had blacklisted Justin long ago, and it would not be easy to change his perception of Justin and lift him from that blacklist. But that’s fine. They could take it slow.
As long as their hearts were united, no one could stop them from
being together.
Bella delicately placed the necklace around Justin's neck, her slender fingers inadvertently brushing against his muscular chest. The well-defined contours of his muscles evoked countless fantasj
with just a touch.
“How should | thank your brother?” Justin asked softly, his fingers slowly tightening around her waist.
Justin felt bittersweet.
Previously, when he held her, he had savored the feeling of her soft
flesh around her waist.
It was evident how she had spent her days when he was.
unconscious. She probably had not eaten properly, let alone rested,
and had become so thin that she was almost like a skeleton.
“There's no need... Mmm...”
As Bella’s waist, tightened, the man instantly drew her into a warm
embrace.
Justin fervently kissed her, swallowing up her unspoken words, while
he shamelessly explored every corner of her mouth.
After passionately kissing for a while, he finally parted his lips from
hers, his gaze fixed on her sparkling lips, his eyes intoxicated. With a
husky and sensual voice, he softly murmured, “Bella, you taste so
sweet.”
Bella was dizzy from the kiss, her ears turning soft and red as she clung to his sturdy shoulders. “Don’t get carried away. There are other people on this plane, too.”
“They're all asleep, so don’t worry.”
Suddenly, Justin tightened his grip around her slender waist again, his lips lingering on the burning edge of her earlobe. His breath grew heavier. “I'll go easy on you.”
E-Easy?
What was that jerk up to again?
Bella was alarmed, and the man sealed her lips with another kiss, slowly pressing down on her supple body.
Arnold slept deeply, his slumber sweet and peaceful, almost drooling
from his mouth.
Suddenly, he jerked awake, as if from a nightmare. His body sank Chapter 1038
abruptly until Asher, who was sitting next to him, swiftly caught him. “Um... How long have | been asleep?” Arnold rubbed his eyes. “About three hours.”
Asher's gaze fixed on Arnold's dazed expression, t narvedeyés Gintitg aNamuement: “You dreamed about something?” 
“Yeah. | dreamed that we were arguing, and you scolded me, which woke me up.” Arnold stretched lazily!
“But seriously, is it difficult for you?” Asher's 3 Faq grey serious. Visit
SteBook.com to read the latest 
“Well, as a doctor, I’m usually quite serious, but whenever | see you, it's hard for me to stay that way.” Suddenly, Arnold leaned in close to Asher, his fox-like eyes
shimmering with a teasing glint, pulling a threa f playfulness €Polh) hig gaze. 4, lash? who do you think is to blame for this? Isn't it all your fault?” 
“Stop it.” Asher looked away, a faint smirk playing on his lips. 
###chapter1039
“Why are you talking like it’s your first day meeting me? Don’t you know that Arnold and women are never reasonable ?” Arnold's eyes
shimmered with a seductive charm as he scoffed lightly.
“Well, there’s no need to make distinctions. As far as I’m concerned, the only difference between you and women is solely in the physical aspect.” Asher continued teasing with a rare lightness in his tone, “If you were a girl, | might even find you cute.”
“Am | not cute now?” Arnold’s eyes widened in disbelief.
“Well, you are cute but unloved.”
“Fuck!” Arnold erupted in frustration. “There are so many people who chased after me that they could fill the Pacific Ocean. How am | considered unloved?!”
“Thanks for helping with Justin.”
Arnold froze momentarily, blinking rapidly in surprise.
“Thanks for helping out. It was because of you that Justin was a
to wake up from his coma.”
Asher took a deep breath. “You saved Justin, which means you saved Bella, too. Justin isn’t the only one who owes you a debt of gratitude. | owe you one, too.”
“Every time someone mentions this, get infuriated!”
Amold’s brow furrowed as he vented his frustration. “Your precious Chapter 1039
little sister is a renowned doctor herself! Instead of letting her operate on her own man, you dragged me all the way here, making a fool out of me in front of my idol! And to top it off, not a single one of you
bothered to inform me about her! Is it fun to watch me make a fool of myself? Am I that thick-skinned to you?!”
As Arnold reflected on his days living under the same roof as his idol and constantly bickering with her, he felt like throwing up.
ta
He regretted it so much that he wanted to bang his head against a wall.
Asher watched as Arnold grew more agitated with each word, so lively and spirited. He was practically a male version of his little sister.
Unable to hold back, a glint of amusement glinted in Asher’s eyes. “I never had any intention of teasing you. | had you come here because I've always believed that your medical skills are no less impressive than Bella’s. You both simply excel in different areas.”
D-Did Asher just praise him?!
This man, usually as aloof and restrained as a monk, hardly sparing him a few words, was actually praising him today?!
Arnold blushed and bit his lip.
“In any case, | owe you one for this. I'll make sure to repay you whatever you want in return.”
“How do you plan to repay me? With your body?” Arnold raised an eyebrow, his eyes gleaming with mischief.
“Arnold Larson,” Asher called out his full name with a hint of reproach.
in his tone.
Suddenly, the man stretched out his long legs and unabashedly straddled Asher’s thigh! “Hey!” Asher’s heart pounded as he exclaimed in surprise.
The two faced each other with only a few inches atweeeytirert, tKeiP breath ahd eartbeats resonating clearly. 
Amold’s eyes shimmered with a radiant glow. His eye color was truly captivating, reminiscent of the eyes of a cat. “Didn't you mention repaying the favor?”
In the next instant, Arnold wrapped his arms PENN NSKed she FS\neck, Hisilips meisharidtarta ingly close. “Let me kiss you, and we'll call it 
even for what you owe me.”
As he finished talking, he seized Asher's lips in a kiss bee epuld NS! end: Hig Waker tbhque cunningly pped in. His breath was scorching, and he deepened the kiss gradually. 
In the boundless sky, the plane soared through the clouds.
Lost in reverie, Asher’s hand, with visible veins, instinctively wrapped around Arnold's waist as he peered out the window.
Amidst the white clouds, he envisioned a magnificent fireworks
display, exploding and blossoming across the sky. 
###chapter1040
Chapter 1040 After over five hours, the private jet smoothly landed in Savrow.
Upon their arrival at the airport, the medical personnel, arranged in advance by Asher, rushed over, ready to take Justin to the hospital.
“No. | don’t need to go to the hospital,” Justin refused decisively. “H-How could you do this?!”
Bella was infuriated, and her eyes reddened. “You're going back on your word! We agreed that you'd go to the hospital for treatment.
You're such a liar!”
Justin sighed helplessly and approached, embracing Bella tightly. “I’m sorry, Bella. You can hit me or scold me. But please... Don’t ignore
me.” “I'll ignore you! You liar! Hmph!” Bella nestled in his arms, refusing look at him.
Asher and the others could only smile wryly.
It felt like they were witnessing a quarrel between two elementary
school kids, and it could not be more childish.
Seeing that Bella was genuinely upset, Justin paused for a moment. His expression turned serious. “Bella, the most important thing now is to interrogate Winston.”
Upon hearing Winston’s name, Bella’s eyes dimmed. “Right now, the news of Winston’s return has not reached Shannon Chapter 1040
yet. As long as she remains uninformed, she won't have the opportunity to disrupt our plans or devise any countermeasures. That’s why we must quickly obtain his confession and make him admit, in person, that Shannon hired him to kill Linny.”
“But will he admit to it?” Bella was distraught, her delicate brows furrowing tightly. “Murder is
a capital offense. He knows there’s no escaping it. Confessing about it won't benefit him or reduce his sentence. Besides, if he wants to spite us before he dies, he'll take the blame for Shannon. We’re powerless against Shannon, so it’s as if we're letting him vent his
anger.”
Upon hearing this, the others present could not help but feel
disheartened at her words!
Bella’s analysis was spot on. Criminals like Winston, who were utterly
wicked and desperate, had no conscience left to speak. There was hope of him coming forward as a witness. “W-What should we do then? Is there really nothing else we can
against that jerk?” Ryan complained indignantly.
Justin focused intently, contemplating the situation. Suddenly, a smirk appeared on his lips. “Well, in that case, we must ensure that
Shannon is made aware that Winston is currently in our custody.”
Bella, quick-witted as ever, immediately caught on to Justin’s underlying message. She hugged him tightly, her chest pressing against him as she playfully teased, “Wow! You're so wicked! Where
did you come up with all these schemes? | guess you're really a jerk, like | always said!”
Justin found himself moved by this affectionate gesture, his eyes
tinged with emotion and his voice husky as he spoke, “Darling, next time you praise me, you don’t have to be so subtle about it.”
The three other men could not bear witnessing their display of affection any longer.
Goodness. Are they showing off their relationship or what?!
“Ahem... Um, well, while you guys handle Winston, INT exeyge nqyselfi | fixgt hve edrtaveay from home for too many days. My wife is waiting 
for me. | have to head back home and spend some time with her.”
Ryan waved and stepped back, preparing to exi ashesnoke tl take thé lead! You Ea S Can do the rest! Justice will ultimately prevail over 
evil! Come on! We can do this!” And in the blink of an eye, he disappeared without a trace. The others stood there in silence.
“Um... My family’s hospital has a pretty reputable neurology CO m departiieh| doesn't Mr. Salvador go there for a check-up? Yo 
might even get a discount if you mention my name.”
Amold crossed his arms and lightly bumped into Asher.
Asher, standing tall and straight like a tree, glanced at him calmly, allowing him to make his subtle gestures.
Bella and Justin nodded in agreement. “That sounds like a plan!” 
###chapter1041
Chapter 1041
After bidding farewell to the others, Ryan hurried home with a sense of urgency.
He had been holding back these past few days, presenting himself as a stoic man who disregarded matters of love and affection in front of others. But in private, when no one else was around, he would wrap himself in a blanket and repeatedly scroll through the intimate photos of him and Carrie. Sometimes, he would even find himself on the verge of tears from missing her too much.
With his beloved girlfriend out of reach, Ryan felt deeply aggrieved. His appetite waned, and he struggled to sleep, nearing the point of exhaustion.
Earlier, the playful banter between Justin and Bella had ignited a raging fire within him. It was unbearably agonizing.
As night descended, the sky became a canvas painted with countless twinkling stars.
In the days when Ryan was absent, the temperature in Savrow rose rapidly. Even the plants in the courtyard began to stir with the anticipation of spring.
For five consecutive days, Ryan had been absent without any news. Although Yasmin was worried, she dared not contact him privately. She worried so much that she lost her appetite and could not focus on anything she did...
Every day, she devoted herself to two tasks: caring for her adorable young madam and eagerly awaiting her boss's return. Tonight, Yasmin remained dressed heatly, standing outside the door.
She had a strong feeling that Ryan would return victorious soon. Perhaps it would be tonight. Even if not tonight, surely by tomorrow.
Just then, a white sports car resembling a lightning bolt slicing through the night approached from a distance. The screeching brakes pierced the air as the car came to a halt in front of her.
Seeing Ryan emerge unscathed and striding confidently toward her, Yasmin felt overwhelmed with emotion. Her hands trembled as she
tightly held onto him.
“Young Master, you're finally back.”
“Why are you standing at the door so late at night?”
Ryan glanced at Yasmin, his eyes widening in surprise. “You weren't standing here waiting for me every day, were you?” “No. | just couldn't sleep tonight, so came outside for some fresh a to clear my mind. It’s just a coincidence that you've returned.” Yasmin smiled, though she did not disclose the truth.
Her feelings for Ryan were deep, but she had always kept them
hidden from him.
“What about Carrie? Is she asleep?” Ryan asked nervously.
Chop 1041
“Yes, Young Madam is asleep. She fell asleep not long ago.”
Ryan’s shoulder slumped with disappointment. “Gosh... | rushed back as fast as | could, even pushing the accelerator to the limit, but | still couldn't make it in time!”
He knew his beloved girlfriend loved to sleep and was a sleeping beauty through and through.
If it had not been for him pestering her every night with kisses aus mM cuddles keepincthen frarh going to b Gar y, they probably would not have been able to do anything intimate until daytime. 
Yasmin smiled wryly. “It’s okay, Young Master. At least now you don’t have to stare at Young Madam’s photos yearningly, suffering from
lovesickness.”
Well, she was not wrong.
But he was burning with desire, and his girlfriend was peacefully sleeping. Who was he supposed to turn to for relief? Should he just take a cold shower and try self-gratification?
Life was tough.
Just as Ryan was about to step inside, illuminated by the faint |i t N recat 1 . o left cheek. It was as if she had been scratched by something sharp. 
Upon closer inspection, he could see that her left cheek was
noticeably more swollen than her right.
“Wait a minute, what happened to your face?” Ryan’s brows furrowed
sharply.
“It's nothing, Young Master,” Yasmin replied, her eyes averting his gaze, a hint of evasion in her tone. “Nothing? It’s obvious you got slapped. Do you think I’m blind?!”
Ryan's fiery gaze turned red with anger, and his voice was filled wit chiling intent" WhenheértiTdared to sla Jou? Who dared to lay hands on someone under my protection while | was away? I'll rip them apart!” 
Yasmin knew she could not hide it any longer and lowered her head, speaking softly, “Earlier this afternoon, Ms. Zoe suddenly came over, saying she wanted to see Young Madam.” “Zoe? Why the hell did she come here?” Ryan’s heart suddenly raced
with concern. 
###chapter1042
Chapter 1042
“Ms. Zoe said she and Young Madam were classmates in junior high school, and their relationship was quite good back then. She also
said that she’s realized her mistakes from before and regrets her
selfish behavior. That’s why she came today to talk to Young Madam in person to ask for her forgiveness.” “And you believed her?” Ryan coldly countered.
Yasmin simply replied, “I didn’t let her in.”
“So, just because you didn’t let her in, she resorted to violence against
you?”
Yasmin remained silent.
“Hmph! All that nonsense she spouted is nothing but crap!”
Ryan took a deep breath, suppressing his almost explosive anger. It’s obvious that Zoe’s visit today was an act to play both sides. Did
Shannon become her godmother?”
Yasmin could only chuckle in resignation, feeling helpless.
“Yasmin, you were caught in the middle of me and my sister, and had to help me take care of my wife. | apologize for putting you in this position.”
Ryan sighed with a tinge of guilt. “Starting tomorrow, take some time off. I'll stay with Carrie. Didn’t you enjoy traveling? You can take my black card and treat yourself.”
“You're being too generous. I’m your subordinate and all of this is part of my responsibility.”
Yasmin remained composed, but a wave of warmth flowed straight into the depths of her heart, filling it to the brim. Ryan tiptoed into the bedroom.
He dared not turn on the lights or wear shoes, afraid that the slightest noise would wake Carrie. He approached his petite woman, who was curled up on the bed, as if he were a thief.
The moonlight cast shadows on the wall, giving him the appearance of a big, bad wolf sneaking up on a little white rabbit.
Standing by the bed, Ryan’s tall figure loomed over Carrie’s small frame. He gazed at her intently for a long time before leaning down to lightly kiss her tender lips.
‘lam home, darling. Get some rest. | will come by again in the
morning.’
As Ryan turned to leave, he felt a pair of delicate arms wrap t
around his waist.
“Carrie...” Ryan’s heart trembled violently.
Carrie, her eyes brimming with tears, clung to him. She choked out
sobs. “Ryan, you're finally back. Why were you gone for so long? |
thought you wouldn’t come back. | thought you didn’t want me
anymore.”
As she spoke, tears streamed down her cheeks, hitting the man’s sturdy back like a hammer, almost piercing through his heart. It turned out that Carrie had been awake all along.
She just could not be sure if her beloved had returned or if she was merely dreaming.
Ryan turned around, embracing his tear-streaked girlfriend deeply. His hands cradled the back of her hand, and his fingers
rustled through her soft hair, as if he wanted to meld her into himself.
“You silly girl. | would rather be estranged from everyongor beat! | odds withtthelen re world than ever abandon you. You're my 
everything.
“But you were gone for so long... You've never i lly leftne alon@ for! spilang."Car ié Whimpered, her small hands crumpling the man’s 
black shirt. “Well, that’s what happens when you're catching bad guys. The bad
guy was so cunning. That's why |
i a) spent a few TROTE davedtawn. RY spoke i Mone akin to coaxing a child. 
“So... Did you catch him?”
“Of course! | caught him myself!” Ryan boasted proudly in fro
king him
“Wow, Ryan, you’re amazing!” Carrie’s eyes sparkled with adm
“Hehe. How can | protect you without being this capable?”
“Since the bad guy is under your custody now, will it bring justice f
Linny?” Carrie asked.cautiously, her eyes brimming with tears.
Ryan took a deep breath and nodded. “Yeah, your good friend, that kind girl, can rest in peace now.”
Carrie clasped her hands together, offering a prayer for Linny. 
###chapter1043
Chapter 1043
Chapter 1043 For the first time in a while, Carrie displayed a faint smile. Since this girl had not been sleeping, Ryan would not let her off easily.
The man did not even bother to take a shower. He undressed while kissing the lips he had been yearning for until he pinned her down on the large bed.
Carrie’s white lace nightgown was crumpled on the floor, and her legs trembled as the man’s touch aroused her. In the soft moonlight, the intoxicating sounds of heavy breathing and
sweet moans filled the room.
The lovers’ bodies and souls were intertwined.
After making love, neither of them had the energy to shower. Covered
in sweat, they embraced each other as they drifted off to sI
“Carrie, I’m sorry for always making you wait for me.”
Ryan always felt he owed her a lot. Autistic individuals need companionship. However, Ryan’s busy schedule prevented hin providing that.
Carrie nuzzled her head against his chest and shook it.
“Don't think that | have it all just because I’m the eldest son of the Hoffman family. In reality, my status is far inferior to yours. You're Chairman Salvador’s precious daughter, with a caring brother and
sister-in-law. However, | can only rely on myself to make a living.”
Ryan smiled bitterly. “If | don’t get involved in the company’s matters, | won’t even have any connection to the Hoffmans in the future. How will | support you then?”
He used to want to be a part of the Hoffmans for his father’s sake. But now he had another reason-to support his wife and build a family. “Honey...”
Carrie’s soft call stirred something deep within him. “You’ve given me so much already. | don’t need anything else. | just want you to be well and healthy.”
“No, it’s still not enough.”
Ryan gently lifted her chin with his fingertip, his gaze unwaveringly affectionate. “Not only do | want to give you all of myself, but | also want to present the entire Hoffman Group to you as your wedding
gift.” Carrie listened in a daze, gradually drifting off to sleep.
Despite his exhaustion, Ryan found himself wide awake, embra
his beloved.
“Carrie, you're my girl. | want to give you the best of everything.”
He never settled for being just a superficial playboy.
He was determined to avenge his father and ensure his grandfather
willingly handed over the Hoffman Group to him, leaving nothing for
his second uncle, Liam.
Upon returning to Savrow, Justin still stayed in Bella’s villa.
Previously, Justin was there out of Bella’s pity. But this time marked Justin’s legitimate entry into the household. After hours of entwined passion on the plane, they barely managed to
return home.
Exhausted, Bella simply washed up and fell asleep immediately, too tired to even change into her pajamas. Justin, who did not want her to be uncomfortable, clumsily helped her change into her sleepwear. To his surprise, Bella was in deep
slumber, like a beautiful doll, allowing him to handle her as he
pleased.
“Mmm... That’s delicious...” Bella murmured distinctly in her sleep, her
tongue licking her lips.
Justin could not help but smirk, leaning in to playfully poke hee
with his finger.
“You little glutton. I'll feed you once you're up.”
Suddenly, he recalled the scene on the plane. With tears brimming
eyes, Bella.tightiybioHer Hp trying not t easound as they were soaring through the sky. Unable to resist, the desire stirred 
within him once more.
Despite the temptation, he restrained himself.
After all, he was a man of integrity and would never take advantage of someone in their vulnerable state.
After a fierce internal struggle, Justin
resorted to j maken akigs ont!) Bella's forehebd He tucked her in and quietly left the room. 
That night, Wilma had already slept. It was not until the next day thatshe | rped othe durtg Master and
oung Madam’s triumphant return. Overwhelmed with joy, she burst into tears. 
###chapter1044
Chapter 1044
“Wilma, you've taken excellent care of the house these days. Thank you for your hard work.” Justin wrapped his arm around Bella’s waist, and the two stood
before Wilma, appearing like a newlywed couple returning from their
honeymoon.
They had an unspoken agreement not to tell Wilma about Justin’s severe injuries. Given her age, they did not want to worry her unnecessarily, even after surviving such a harrowing experience.
Just then, the doorbell rang.
lan was carrying two large food containers, sweat dripping from his forehead as he entered.
“M-Mr. Salvador, | finally managed to secure the order from Fortune Cloud Eatery you requested last night!”
“Fortune Cloud Eatery? Gosh... That place is notoriously diffic
get a reservation at. It usually takes at least three hours.”
Bella swallowed nervously and then turned to Justin with a reproachful look. “Why did you trouble Mr. Harris for this?” “Because you were craving something delicious.”
“When did | say that?!”
“Last night, in your dreams,” Justin whispered in her ears, chuckling softly.
Bella blushed instantly, her face turning red. “Y-You believe in dream talk?!”
“Never mind that. Let's set it on the table with Wilma and eat together.” Justin nodded with a smile.
“Together?!”
lan was astonished, feeling honored yet surprised. He shook his head repeatedly. “That’s not necessary. | shouldn’t dine with you at the
same table. It’s not appropriate.”
Justin replied, “Like | said, just eat.”
lan took a sharp breath inward, but his heart blossomed with joy.
He finally figured everything out. Justin and Bella’s relationship must have taken a significant leap after their trip to Terranova. Justin would finally marry his long-time sweetheart, and Bella
Officially established her place in the family!
Around the dining table, everyone indulged in the sumptuous
At this moment, there was no distinction between employer and
employee. They were simply a close-knit family.
In fact, Wilma and lan had already become like family to Justin ov
the years.
After the meal, Bella and Wilma tidied up the kitchen, while Justin summoned lan to the small living room for a discussion. “Mr. Salvador, during your absence, a few issues arose at the Salvador Corporation,” lan whispered, lowering his voice. “Is it concerning the collaboration with Journey Ventures from
Meridan?”
During this period, Justin had been in a state of unconsciousness and focused on recuperating.
Bella kept a close eye on him, not wanting him to exert himself
further. Hence, she took his phone away while he was in the hospital, preventing him from contacting lan immediately.
Due to this, Justin was unaware of what happened at the Salvador Corporation.
“No issues have arisen. On the contrary, things have progressed very smoothly.”
“Well, isn’t smooth progress a good thing?” Justin frowned. “But your demeanor suggests otherwise. Did something go wrong with the
collaboration?”
“The person in charge of the collaboration isn’t Chairman Salvador. It's Mr. Grant.”
“M-My brother...?” Justin's eyes narrowed, his heart tightening. “Yes. In your absence, Mr. Grant represented you at the meeting negotiated the collaboration with the chairman of Journey Venture lan’s expression soured as he recalled the matter. He voiced some
discontent toward Grant. “He has been living in seclusion in Merida showing no infeteseirhé oe aSeration s affairs. Why did he suddenly appear at such a crucial moment? It seems too 
coincidental! | find Mr. Grant's actions ei rate ds dsnit thisctaking agyantag€of situation and assuming responsibilities beyond his 
own?” “lan, don’t speak like that.”
Justin’s expression turned serious. “My brother is my lifesaver. Back then, he risked his |j ife ￠9 gave rain, | akkhost\atling hoe scape from the kidnappers’ hands, and ended up suffering from a serious illness because of it. If it weren't for that incident, | wouldn't even have 
gotten my current position.” 
###chapter1045
Chapter 1045
Chapter 1045 The horrifying kidnapping incident was a past that no one in the Salvador family wanted to mention.
Years ago, both of the young Salvador brothers got kidnapped by a notorious gang of kidnappers. The kidnappers held them captive in an old warehouse deep in the mountains, infested with cockroaches and rats, and demanded a huge ransom from the Salvador family.
Justin could not recall how many days the kidnappers held them captive in the filthy, damp, and foul-smelling place, with no sight of
the sun.
As a child, they subjected him to daily beatings and abuse. Fearing he would run away, they only fed him once every three days. Justin barely survived all these.
Later, his older brother, four years his senior, seized an opportunity to hold back the kidnappers, giving Justin a chance to escape.
In the forest, Justin stumbled and ran without looking back fol seemed like an eternity, until his strength gave out. He then tun
down the hillside.
Fortunately, a hunter rescued him. Upon regaining consciousness
Justin immediately contacted the authorities, providing them with th kidnappers’ whereabouts and eventually returning home safely.
However, Grant was not as fortunate as Justin.
Enraged, the ruthless kidnappers beat Grant to a pulp, locking him inside a cramped shipping container for five days without food or
water. Despite being family, Grant only managed to survive by drinking his own urine.
Three days later, after receiving the hefty ransom, the kidnappers stripped Grant naked, bound him tightly, and callously dumped him outside the gates of the Tideview Manor in broad daylight before brazenly making their escape.
As a result of the brutal beatings and prolonged confinement in a sealed space, Grant suffered damage to his internal organs and severe oxygen deprivation, leading to premature aging of his bodily functions. The medical expenses for his treatment and hospitalization alone amounted to over $500,000 per day.
In other words, Grant’s life depended solely on money over the years.
This incident cast a lifelong trauma on the entire Salvador family.
It was precisely because of this that Justin felt immense guilt toward
his elder brother.
Besides, this was also why Gregory who had always been stern exacting, showed extreme favoritism toward his eldest son and harbored resentment toward Justin.
“But now that you're the heir, he shouldn’t meddle in your busine
lan remained indignant. “The last time you didn’t show up, the
management of the company already complained about you. His
intervention at that crucial moment, reaching a collaboration deal, has garnered much support for him within the company. Even Chairman Salvador has been in frequent contact with him lately.”
“Mr. Salvador, | know you're loyal and compassionate, but the
Salvadors are nothing like the Thompsons. Blood ties mean nothing in the face of power! You know better than anyone how ORES mM tepepiyattb lacie ven if Mr.
rant saved your life back then, even if he treated you well, you two are just half-brothers, and he’s the eldest son of the family. Can you really guarantee that he has no ulterior motives? Can you guarantee that he has no ambitions regarding the Salvador Corporation?” 
lan’s spit flew everywhere as he expressed his concerns, clearly exasperated.
Justin felt his breath hitch. His eyes were filled with sadness. “Also, don’t you find it suspicious?”
lan continued, his mind sharp in critical moments like this. “He talks about being indifferent to fame and fortune, but he knows every detail about our ree withaéarhey Ventures vh Ges that tell you? It tells you that he hasn't been idle these past few years. He’s been monitoring you and the Salvador Corporation! On top of that, Mr. Grant was sitting right next to Journey Venture’s chairman during the video conference. It’s obvious that he had everything arranged advance and had been operating in the shadows for some time! 
Upon hearing this, Justin remained composed, though his eyes betrayed deeper contemplation.
“Mr. Salvador, one must remain
vigilant at all times, Don'{letc O mM sameoneStedis mething rightfully
yours from under your nose!” 
“lan, what if...”
Justin’s eyelashes trembled slightly. “If one day Grant’s health improves and he returns to Savrow, intending to reclaim the position
of CEO, what do you think | should do? Should | hand over what | have
now without a fight?” 
###chapter1046
Chapter 1046
Chapter 1046 “He thinks he can just have whatever he wants?! On what grounds?” Justin clenched his fists as the words hit too close to home.
“Without you, the Salvador Corporation would not be where it is. You’ve worked so hard for the company to the extent that your body was almost at its limits. You even risked your life to inspect the projects personally! We've only begun to savor the fruits of our labor, but now he’s trying to take it away from you?! Just because Chairman Gregory supports him doesn’t mean anything. With Old Master Nigel’s support, we have everything we need! Chairman Gregory still has to heed his father’s advice.”
“Father and son? Are we playing tongue twisters now?” Bella’s sweet and charming voice suddenly rang out as she joined them in the room.
Justin’s expression sank as he gestured for lan to remain silent, and,
then he forced a smile.
She entered the room with a tray carrying two cups of tea. “What are you guys talking about? lan seems quite worked up.” Justin replied, “Nothing much. He gets worked up about the smallest thing. He’s young and full of energy.”
He got up right away to welcome her, taking the tray from Bella’s hands and asking with a deep voice, “Why all the formality? Treating me as if I’m a guest, huh?”
“| was just worried you’d chat endlessly and get thirsty.” Bella shrugged helplessly, smiling faintly. “A kiss can quench thirst better than water.”
His gaze turned intense as he kissed Bella passionately as if no one else was around, expressing deep affection through his eyes.
lan blushed and quickly looked away, not daring to watch the intimate scene.
Bella’s heart raced like a frightened deer. When Justin tried to kiss her again, she gently pushed him away and said, “I came here to discuss
serious matters. Can you focus?” “Bella, you're just too tempting,” he replied.
Justin held back his emotions with a hint of redness in his eyes. ” Being around you makes it hard for me to be serious.”
Bella avoided looking into his eyes again out of fear that she might get lost in their warm and affectionate gaze.
They were seated side by side on the couch, looking so incredibly beaytifal and aprene thet bnecsu imagine them being immortalized in a timeless and revered painting. 
lan was on the verge of tears. He never ee wyresse thiso 1) maraent OF lebohdiliation. It made everything he had gone through 
feel meaningful.
“Ralph called me. Winston’s trial begins today.” Bella clenched her fist.
“Yes, Ryan and | are searching through the city for any signs o Maxwell Our feamsute Stationed at air Sts! high-speed railways, and docks. So far, there has been no trace of Maxwell since the 
###chapter1047
Chapter 1047
Bella’s heart raced, and she pressed her lips together. “That seems unlikely. I’ve looked into Maxwell's background. He used to be a mercenary and then worked as a royal guard before climbing to his
current position with his outstanding combat skills. It wouldn't be so easy to kill him. Besides, he wouldn’t have come to Savrow alone. He must have brought reinforcements. Even if Christopher wants to make a move, it won't be so simple.”
Although Bella said so, Justin’s words still left her feeling uneasy.
Justin could see through her thoughts and gently held her hand, reassuring her with a calm voice, “The enemies aren’t that powerful.
Even if we can’t defeat them all at once, it’s alright. Time is in our favor. They are unaware of all our strategies while we operate covertly. This situation is an improvement from before. Right now, we need to focus on dealing with Shannon to seek justice for Linny and my mother...”
As he spoke about his mother, Justin’s voice quivered, and his eyes turned red. But in front of Bella, he maintained complete control over his feelings.
He became her unwavering guardian who remained composed even in the most challenging situations a companion who could always.
offer her solace.
Bella’s heart ached as if it were weighed down by heavy stones, and her shoulders trembled slightly as she hugged Justin. Chapter 1047
He immediately embraced her, as though he had been eagerly anticipating this moment.
“No need to say anything. | get that you’re worried about me.”
Night had fallen, and inside the police station’s interrogation room, Ralph and his three colleagues from the serious crime unit had been subjecting Winston to intense questioning for nearly ten hours without a break.
Despite their expertise in interrogations, they were struggling to break through the defenses of this man, who had remarkable psychological resilience and evident malevolence.
Whether employing intimidation tactics or offering reduced sentences as incentives, they were unable to coax Winston into revealing the identity of the mastermind behind it all.
As the stalemate continued, Bella and Justin hurried to the police station overnight.
“Bella, I’m sorry...”
Ralph tugged at his hair in frustration, his handsome face marred with worry.
“Even | was of no use. We still can’t get him to confess! If he’s intentionally dragging this out, even if the prosecution eventually charges him, we won't have direct evidence to accuse Shannon of
hiring a hitman. The leads will be completely cut off!” How could they talk about helping Justin seek revenge in such a
Chatter 1047
situation?
“There's another issue as well. om Winston iso't F citizen @tbur country, Vai idvelebook.com to read the latest 
He’s from Terranova. According to our country’s laws, foreign nationals can’t be executed here, even for grave offenses like murder. The maximum punishment he can receive is a 20-year prison term. Following the completion of his sentence, Winston will be sent back to Terranova, where he will face trial once again.”
Ralph clenched his teeth in anger. Just the ae t of this despicable! mancwkioh mitted so many crimes but will not 
face punishment, is tormenting me so much!”
“Don't be so hard on yourself, Ralph. You’ve already done your best. It's just that Winston is truly evil and sly with no remorse.”
Bella took a deep breath and asked, “Ralph, can you ask your superiors if Justin and | can meet Winston?”
“Both of you?!” Ralph was extremely surprised.
“Yes, let us meet Winston. |'ll talk to
him myself. Perhaps it-wil be Held Ga id
fdnthe Untire Cdse.” Visit
to read the latest
###chapter1048
Chapter 1048
Chapter 1048 “Oh right! | almost forgot!” Ralph exclaimed suddenly, his eyes lighting up.
“Bella, do you remember when you assisted our police department in resolving two homicide cases? Once, you discovered a vital clue in
the evidence that led to a breakthrough in the case. The other time, you exposed flaws in the suspect's confession, prompting the killer to
admit and confess!”
Justin was completely amazed as he looked at Bella’s calm and composed demeanor. He couldn't fathom how outstanding she was
compared to him.
Previously, Justin didn’t think of himself as extraordinary, but he believed he was adequate. Now, in Bella’s presence, he felt as insignificant as discarded toilet paper in the bathroom.
“Hmph! So Ralph, you still remember my remarkable accomplishments,” Bella playfully teased him with her captivating gaze.
“If only Wyatt and Aunt Mila hadn’t stopped me, | might have pursued a career in the police academy and become an outstanding police officer. Perhaps by now you'd be addressing me as your boss!”
“That’s because you’re important to all of us, and we were afraid you would get hurt. But in the end, they couldn’t stop you, could they? You still went...”
Bella’s eyes suddenly narrowed, and Ralph quickly stopped himself Chapter 1048
from saying more.
Shortly after, Ralph boldly brought the two of them to meet the police chief.
Unquestionably, the police chief recognized this spirited young woman. He still vividly remembered how she had helped the police solve significant cases with her remarkable insight.
What took him by even greater surprise was Justin’s presence!.
The Salvador Corporation and Justin Salvador-these names held considerable prestige and influence in Savrow, requiring no explanation.
“Mr. Salvador! | didn’t expect you to come in person. Please forgive me for not welcoming you properly.”
The police chief warmly welcomed Bella and showed even more enthusiasm toward Justin. Not only did he inquire about their w being, but he also directed Ralph, the esteemed captain of the criminal police brigade, to serve tea to Justin.
Ralph was dumbfounded and thought to himself, ‘What in the world?!’ Justin felt uncomfortable and promptly stood up. “I'll pour it myself!” Did he really want his future brother-in-law to serve him tea in front of Bella? Was he out of his mind?
Ralph narrowed his eyes. ‘Well, at least he has some social etiquette!’
“Oh no, please don’t trouble yourself. How can | let you do it? I'll do it!” The police chief personally brought the tea over, and Ralph found this behavior somewhat distasteful.
He wondered if his boss found out that the person he had been
calling “Little Ralph” for years was actually the son of theyquest mahvih Hatehbayethelr mpson family’s seventh young master, would his 
boss offer up his position to him?
Justin didn’t rush to drink the tea. He lightly touched the cup’s edge Je with his fin gerting fo cheakag  rece before elegantly lifting it up and blowing on it momentarily. Then he handed it to Bella beside 
him.
“It's not hot anymore. You can drink it now.”
Both Ralph and his boss were astonished.
“Um, you have some too.” Bella took a sip, then handed back the cup. Justin then drank from the part where she had sipped.
There might not have been any overtly intim elaet etign, butthe! | sweet ou ere was enough to make people jealous. 
“Chief Collin, the reason we came today was to meet Winston and talk to him.” Justin stated their intention directly without waiting for
Bella or Ralph’s response. 
###chapter1049
Chapter 1049
“Ralph, arrange for Mr. Salvador to meet Winston right away!” Chief Collin gestured his hand decisively. The three of them looked puzzled. ‘Was it really that easy?’
“Yes, Chief Collin!” Ralph was taken aback by how smoothly things.
were going.
Chief Collin proposed. “However, Winston is a very dangerous
individual. It might not be safe for Mr. Salvador to speak with him
personally. Let Ralph accompany him!”
“There’s no need,” Justin declined.
“Chief Collin, it’s alright. Mr. Salvador’s skills surpass both Winston and Captain Ralph’s,” Bella gestured toward Justin and chuckled. “But
in case he becomes stubborn, it would be wise to assign additional
personnel to monitor Winston. I’m concerned that he may resort to desperate measures while in custody.” Winston had better stay alive before everything comes to an end.
At the detention center, Ralph and two other police officers waited
outside while Bella and Justin interrogated Winston.
After waiting for a while, Winston, who was in prison attire and
handcuffed, was escorted in by the officers.
“Well, well, well, if it isn’t my old friends.” Winston greeted them with a
wicked grin as he sat down on a metal chair, eyeing Bella with a lecherous gaze. “Ms. Thompson, did you miss me?” Bella remained calm and collected, her demeanor firm and cold, while
Justin’s anger had reached its peak. His jaw tightened sharply, and
his eyes were burning with uncontrollable rage.
The beast inside him was almost on the verge of breaking free!
Seeing Justin’s fury, Winston couldn’t be more pleased, laughing
loudly behind the bars.
At that moment, Bella firmly grasped Justin’s trembling hand under
the table. The warm yet firm sensation spread through his nerves,
calming his agitated emotions with an inexplicable sense of tranquility. Gradually, the surging tide of his emotions subsided. “Quit the nonsense and cut to the chase. | need to go back to sleep,”
Winston snapped, showing he was ready to stand his ground.
“Winston, we're here to ask you to work together with us,” Bella began
slowly, changing her approach to make it more appealing.
“Work together? Really, Ms. Thompson? Do you take me for a little
child? | nearly killed both of you. Now you want to talk about working
together with me? What a joke!” Winston scoffed dismissively.
“Although you wanted to kill us, you didn’t succeed, did you?” Bella
said with a smirk.
Winston frowned. After all, he was a former mercenary and a
professional killer. Bella’s words were a direct insult to his expertise.
“You're well aware of our country’s laws. Even for foreign criminals, the maximum sentence is 20 years But do you really want to spend 20 years in this place? After 20 years, you'll be deported back to Terranova. When you are 60 years old, will your connections still be there for you? Can you survive in a Terranovan prison at that age? You know the harsh conditions there. Do you believe you can endure
it?” Bella skillfully targeted lens s weaknesses with, it heveryworderict! | ae aryeiru 5 on small talk. 
She was an adept negotiator.
Justin quietly squeezed Bella’s hand, his eyes filled with respect and affection.
The smile on Winston’s face visibly stiffened.
Bella took advantage of the moment to continue, narrowin ghee eye?) m slightly’ Photo) Shannon orchestrated all this. If it weren't for 
her, things wouldn't have gotten so out of hand. Our main enemy isn’t you. It’s Shannon. Now that you're locked up and facing serious charges, Shannon remains untouched as the Salvador family’s
madam, living freely as if she had no part in your yifering todky. Cand tilyackept hat?” 
###chapter1050
Chapter 1050
Chapter 1050 Winston sneered and remained silent.
“So, why don’t we work together? If you are willing to help us seek revenge, be our witness, and testify against Shannon for instructing you to murder Linny, we will take care of the arrangements to get you
back to Terranova within a year. As you saw last time, my sister has
close connections with the royal family. If | have her intervene and
meet the King and Queen, | believe that you won't be serving more than two years and will regain your freedom unscathed.” Bella smiled sweetly while bombarding him with sugar-coated bullets,
one after another.
“What do you say, Winston? Give it some thought.”
Justin once again gazed at Bella with awe. Her eloquence and
intellect far exceeded those who had been in the business world for
years. In fact, even many influential tycoons couldn’t rival her. He was grateful that his partner was kind-hearted and that they shared a deep
love.
Otherwise, he really didn’t know how many times he would have suffered at her hands.
Winston chuckled and mocked, “If someone else had made this offer, | might have been tempted. But coming from Ms. Thompson, there’s absolutely no credibility.”
“The situation I’m in today is all thanks to you, isn’t it? Now that you can’t handle Shannon on your own, you’re turning to me for a confession, using me as a pawn. Do you think | can’t see through your schemes?” With that, he suddenly stood up, and the chair screeched against the floor with a sharp sound.
“Don't waste your efforts here. Instead of spending time on me, think about how to deal with Shannon,” Winston said as he laughed.
After Bella and Justin left, their expressions were not too pleasant. Ralph refrained from asking further upon seeing that the negotiations had failed. He could only offer them comfort, assuring them that he would continue to question Winston thoroughly.
In the car, Justin was concerned about Bella’s feelings and embraced her shoulders, drawing her close.
His strong jaw lightly rested on top of her head as he reassured her. Bella, don’t lose hope. Even without Winston's confession, we have
Linny’s recording. While it may not be direct evidence and it has been 20 years, once this recording is exposed, it will still cause a huge blow
to Shannon. She will be completely exposed, and Gregory will no longer be able to protect her.”
“Justin, is this all you want?” Bella suddenly asked with a cold tone. Justin felt suffocated, his heart writhing in agony as if it were on the verge of crumbling.
Of course, he wanted more than this. He wanted Shannon dead! “It's been 20 years. Even if we have Linny’s recording, which she sacrificed her life to get, will it really make a difference?”
Bella placed her hand on Justin’s chest and felt his heartbeat. Each thud held a bitter resentment that only she could comprehend.
“Twenty years have gone by, the statute of limitations has expired, and there is no remaining evidence. Without direct proof, you know very well that we cannot convict Shannon of a severe punishment. Just ruining her reputation and causing her to fall out with Gregory, is
that enough? Are you satisfied?”
“Bella...” Justin’s eyes glistened, and his voice was strained,
“Our only chance to make Shannon suffer is by using Linny’ eath tory) foroe Winstartinte €dnfessing. We must ensure that the charges of hiring someone for murder stand.” 
Bella’s eyes brimmed with tears as a storm brewed within them. “Without Linny, the truth about your mother’s death would have remained hidden in silence forever. We owe this chance to Linny’s sacrifice. We need to seize it at any cost and compel Winston to reveal the truth.”
“Do you think Winston will cooperate? His attitude just now was very adamant,” Justin murmured softly.
“He will! Trust me, | sense a hint of hesitation in him. Why else would he sit there silently while we talk so much? He wouldn't even agree to meet us if he weren't having second thoughts,” Bella asserted confidently.
Justin nodded slightly in agreement
“It’s just that he can’t trust me ri now. Also-hisfcurrent @itiation is it Nlovelebook.com to read the latest 
tolerable, so there’s no need for him to take risks and cooperate with
me. “Tolerable?” Justin’s eyes flashed with a bloody hue, exuding a
savage, dangerous aura. “Soon, he will realize that his enlpway outs td Weranithus, even if it’s just for the time being.” 
###chapter1051
Chapter 1051
At that moment, Justin’s phone rang, surprising him.
It was a call from lan.
“Everything has been arranged, Mr. Salvador. During prime time
tonight at 7pm, all the news channels will broadcast Winston’s arrest. | assure you that Shannon will definitely see it.”
“Excellent.” Justin smirked and added, “Keep an eye on Shannon, as well as the situation here at the prison. If anything happens, inform
me and Bella right away.”
“Yes, Mr. Salvador!” lan hesitated for a moment, then quickly added, Congratulations on reconciling with Young Madam, Mr. Salvador. | hope you won't upset her again in the future. Please treasure your relationship and make up for the lost time.”
lan hung up before Justin could respond, and a frown appeared between Justin’s eyebrows.
‘This little brat was getting bold enough to hang up his call! And all that chatter-was that guy shooting off his mouth trying to teach him how to do things?”
Bella blushed, feeling embarrassed at having overheard the conversation.
“| didn’t mean to eavesdrop. It’s just that your voices were just so loud,” Bella said, trying to lighten the mood.
“I have no secrets from you. You can listen to whatever you want Justin reassured her with a smile and added, “Next time, I'll be sure to put it on loud speaker and let him greet you personally.”
“No thanks. Maybe we should consider giving each other some personal space.” Bella’s eyes glinted mischievously as she continued, “Also, who said I’m your wife? All | have is a divorce certificate, not a
marriage license.”
“Besides Bella Thompson, who else could my wife be?” Justin took her hand, looked down, and gave a kiss on the back of her hand with affection in his eyes.
“As long as you're willing, | will hold your hand forever and grow old together with you.” “Hmph! Who cares?” Justin softly held Bella’s delicate hand. But it seemed like he also had a grip on her heart, as her cheeks blushed gradually.
Lust filled Justin's eyes. He wasn’t content with just holding her hang So he passionately kissed her lips and savored every drop of swe
saliva from her tongue eagerly.
Although Bella was not a lustful woman, she found herself deeply affected every time she was intimate with Justin. Her eyes took on a misty gaze, her nose bore tiny beads of sweat, and her entire body felt
weak as her senses dulled.
As Justin grew wilder, Bella suddenly grasped his hand, which radsipped bepeath) Gr ldke _as if she had touched something scalding 
hot.
“You arranged for lan to leak news of Winston’s arrest to the media
just to provoke Shannon, didn’t you?”
“Smart,” Justin responded as he caressed her smooth skin with his palm while narrowing his eyes slightly.
“Are you sure Shannon will fall for your trap? What if she stays ca mM Ni dogs not aot Betta Fett
a ists, and her hands trembled lightly as she rested her hands on his broad shoulders. 
“You taught me to leave no opportunity unexplored, to seize) yy) suey poset erie ty best
at's what | learned from you, Bella,” Justin said in his captivating, husky voice. 
“Well, | believe | can add some spice to your plan.” Bella’s voice was gentle and flirtatious as she hooked her fingers under his chin, smiling like a sly little fox.
Justin knew that Bella had another idea. 
###chapter1052
At exactly 7:00 p.m., the news channels broadcasted the report of the shooting incident, not just once but twice. The footage of Winston's arrest was revealed without any censorship of his face in a video that
Justin provided to the media.
The death of an innocent girl in the shooting incident quickly became widely known, sparking a surge of public outrage and leading to widespread condemnation of Winston's despicable actions on the central television station's official website and Twitter searches.
Savrow is known as the safest city in the nation, but there was actually a tragic shooting. It’s hard to believe!]
This Winston has no conscience! Utterly evil! He’s worse than an animal! | hope that justice is served and the innocent girl receives fair treatment under the law. Don’t let the citizens lose faith!]
[When | watch the news, the victim’s photos are exposed while the face of the perpetrator is blurred. How unfair! But the media did a great job this time around. Such a vile individual should be exposed for all to see! Even if he isn’t sentenced to death, he must be condemned socially!]
It’s truly heartbreaking that such a young girl lost her life.]
Now that the culprit has been caught, it should bring some solace to the girl’s spirit in heaven.] Initially, public opinion on Winston was overwhelmingly negative.
However, a few new comments have quietly appeared in the comment section, causing some stir. Do you know who Winston is?]
Insiders claim that Winston was Shannon’s long-time bodyguard and has been loyal to her for many years. Everyone within the Salvador family knows about this.]
(What?! He works for Shannon?!]
It’s rumored that Winston has a complex past. He was previously involved in illegal activities while working as a mercenary in Terranova. Surprisingly, when he began working for Shannon, his past was completely concealed, and he even succeeded in infiltrating the
Salvador family for many years. The power of the conglomerate is remarkable -even their bodyguards have a history as skilled killers.]
[Besides, the deceased worked as a maid for the Salvador family, while Winston served as their bodyguard, both employed by Shannon. Doesn't it seem suspicious to anyone?]
People on the internet began to wildly speculate. Shannon, who was already facing public scrutiny, once again became the center of attention.
[ls Shannon cursed or something? Why does everyone around her end up in such a bad state?]
[I'm tired of hearing about Shannon. Let justice be served and get rid of that old witch.]
[Could it be that the girl discovered an affair between Shannon and
| Gi tar oF someone é sq? Andi ear O
LON .
losing her status and wealth if exposed, this devilish woman sent Winston to silence the girl?!] 
Opinions were divided, and the comments fro netizengseenied \ unfaunided: Ukb nownst to them, they were very close to the truth. 
“Ms. Bella, as you requested, I’ve spread the rumors.” Steven was allowed to be discharged and was now recuperating, but he still did his utmost for Bella.
“Our contacts have shared the news across different Sccel I need 9 mM ATA acon as changed. | believe Shannon must be feeling extremely uneasy with suspicion pointing toward her.” 
“Naturally, she’ll be anxious all the time if she’s harboring evil intentions.” 
###chapter1053
Bella had a knack for influencing public opinion, evoking emotions among online users, and achieving significant results with minimal effort.
“Steve, I’m sorry for bothering you while you're still recovering.
However, you have always been the contact person at the PR company and understand the process best. The operation will be most efficient with your involvement, so | can only...”
“Ms, Bella, please don’t say that.” Steven responded earnestly yet softly. “No matter when or what happens, remember that | am here to support you.”
“Steve...” Bella’s voice trailed off as her throat constricted.
It could have been due to receiving an abundance of love recently, but her heart appeared to soften with age. She found herself on the verge of tears more often than before.
The credit for this transformation went to Justin, who managed make the strong-willed iron lady more tender-hearted.
Steven complained. “I’m getting incredibly bored at the nursing home. | need something new and exciting. Otherwise, | may develop dementia prematurely.”
Bella teased, “But isn’t Amelia looking after you in her free time? Are you still bored?”
“Ms. Amelia is making different dishes for me every day. My once- eight-pack abs are slowly turning into one!” Steven sighed, though there was a hint of contentment in his tone.
“Amelia has inherited Aunt Celeste’s impressive cooking skills. You’re lucky!”
Bella couldn't help but sigh. After a moment of thought, she became serious. “After we get our revenge and your health improves, | plan to talk to Wyatt and Aunt Celeste about you and Amelia.
“Me? Our relationship?!” Steven’s voice became high-pitched in excitement. Bella smiled faintly as she listened to his strong voice, indicating that his recovery was going well.
“Although you've watched Amelia grow up, both of you have only been dating for less than a year. There’s still a need for more understanding and interaction, so it’s not time to talk about marriage’ yet. But Amelia is, after all, the precious daughter of our Thompson family. Wyatt and Aunt Celeste have always been cautious when it comes to selecting a future son-in-law.”
Bella continued, “From what | know, during Amelia’s four years of studying in Savrow, Wyatt has been tirelessly scouting for young talents within the country for her. It’s just that Aunt Celeste has been putting them off temporarily due to her young age and wanting her to focus on her studies.”
Steven listened quietly, his breath slightly heavy, feeling a tightness in his chest.
“So don’t assume that just because Amelia likes you, you can let your guard down. | must inform Wyatt swiftly and help you shape your reputation to gain favor for you. You and Amelia still have a long journey ahead.”,
Bella loved her younger sister deeply and cared for her like a mother.
“Behave well and be extra kind to Amelia. You have to visit our home more frequently and show consideration for your future in- laws. As long as you both love each other and remain steadfast by each other’s side through thick and thin-despite any challenges from our family-my brothers and | will support you in overcoming them.”
“Thank you, Ms. Bella.” Steven said, his throat tightening with emotions, unable to utter any other words.
Bella waved her hand cheerfully. “Oh, come on, isn’t this just natural? You’ve been with me and my eldest brother all this time without a single day off, loyal and dedicated. As your boss, shouldn't. | give you some perks? Besides, I’m not only doing this for you but also for my sister’s lifelong happiness. She’s delicate and timid. I’m worried that other men will bully her. With you, | feel assured because | know you. My heart can be at ease entrusting her to you.”
“Please rest assured. | truly like Ms. Amelia a lot. | swear that | will never let her down in this lifetime.” Steven solemnly made his vow, his voice tinged with a hint of choking emotion.
Bella was pleased with his answer. Steven paused briefly and spoke softly, conveying genuine affection.”
Congratulations to you and Mr. Salvador. After enduring many challenges, you have finally found your true path together. You must be happy, Ms. Bella.”
“We will be happy-both of us.”
Bella’s heart was moved as she smiled brightly. 
###chapter1054
At Tideview Manor, the entire Salvador family and their servants were aware of all the details regarding the Winston case through television and mobile phones.
They were all shocked, and the conversations were intense. “Winston? Mrs. Salvador’s personal guard? That Winston?”
“Absolutely! It’s him! From the moment | saw that man, | had an uneasy feeling about him. He always seemed suspicious. It turns out he’s a villain!”
“Oh no, Linny... Poor Linny! She was such a good girl, and now she’s gone!” The servants couldn't help but burst into tears, their sobs echoing one after another.
“Shannon should take half of the responsibility for Linny’s death! How could she bring such a dangerous person into the house?! She’s too selfish. Does she not value the lives of us servants?!” Someone exclaimed in anger.
“When has Madam ever treated us as human beings?!”
A maid who was close to Linny spoke up with resentment. “She and her daughter are both ruthless exploiters who bully others without any remorse. They’re more poisonous than a snake! Wasn’t Linny abused by them? There were times when they would summon her during the late hours, not allowing her to sleep. Once, when Linny was changing her clothes, | noticed bruises all over her arms and asked if
Shannon and her daughter were tormenting her, but she said nothing.”
“So tragic! Shannon and Bethany are simply heartless! They behave like bitches, barking all day!”
Several people nodded vigorously in agreement.
They had long been tired of Shannon and Bethany but were afraid to speak out due to the Salvador family’s influence.
“Oh, how things have changed since Young Madam was still with Young Master Justin before their divorce.” Someone lamented, recalling Bella's kindness toward the servants at Tideview Manor.
“After she left, this place lost its humanity. If it wasn’t for the money, I’d rather scavenge for scraps every day than work here!” “Then you should go out and scavenge for scraps instead of staying here!” Suddenly, a sharp voice cut through the air, startling everyone. They turn to see Bethany approaching angrily.
Bethany marched over in high heels, her face red with anger, looking absolutely furious. “What did you just say? | dare you to say it to my face!”
The air suddenly turned tense as the servants dared not utter a single word. “Why are you not speaking?” Bethany mocked, showing contempt in her twisted mouth.
“Hmph! Despicable person! It’s no wonder you've always been a lowly servant your whole life. You take money from the Salvador family, so you'd better watch your mouth! If | hear you mention Bella Thompson again, believe me, I'll kick your whole family out of Savrow!”
“What's wrong with what | said?! Have you and Madam Shannon ever treated us like human beings?!” The young, spirited servant retorted, unable to bear it any longer.
“We agreed to labor contracts, not slavery! We are not dogs that belong to the Salvador family!”
“You! How dare you?!” Bethany’s eyes widened and turned red, momentarily speechless.
“Young Madam is beautiful and kind-hearted. You are nothing compared to her! As an heiress from a wealthy family, you lack manners and respect and curse like a cowboy! I’ve had enough of working here under you! | quit! If you dare, go ahead and try to kill me!” With that, the maid tore off her name tag from her chest and threw it directly at Bethany.
“You bitch! How dare you defy me?” Bethany, accustomed to bein unbridled at home, rushed forward and slapped the maid across the face.
All the servants surged forward, surrounding her. Almost everyone was tearing off their name tags, showing signs of rebellion.
Despite feeling scared, Bethany maintained the demeanor of a wealthy young lady and reprimanded them angrily. “What do you think you're doing? If you don’t comply, | will call the police and have you arrested! If any of you leave the Salvador family, I'll make sure you can’t survive!”
“Bethany.” 
###chapter1055
Adeep and majestic voice emerged from the back, causing the frenzied situation to abruptly quiet down. Everyone paused for a moment and then bowed together. “Chairman Salvador.”
“Dad?” Bethany felt briefly flustered, feeling helpless and awkward.
Suddenly, Gregory and Paul appeared behind her, seemingly out of nowhere! Wasn't he supposed to be on a business trip? How did he suddenly come back?
“What were you doing just now? Did you lay your hands on someone?” Gregory's expression turned icy as he inquired, his brows slightly furrowed with suppressed anger.
“Dad, | can explain. It’s the servants’ fault!” Bethany quickly adopted a sorrowful look and hurried to embrace her father’s arm, appea a mistreated little rabbit.
“The servants were gossiping about Mom and me behind our b Their behavior was so disrespectful and appalling! Our family p their wages, but they don’t even adhere to basic professional ethic as employees should. Dad, please fire all of them right away!”
“Did you resort to physical violence for that reason?” Gregory paid no heed to her protests and continued with a serious expression. “Just because you belong to the Salvador family and they are servants, does that justify your actions of hitting someone? Have you forgotten all the manners | taught you about treating others? Or is this how you have always behaved in private, only revealing it today?”
“Dad, what are you saying?” Bethany’s heart raced with anxiety as she looked at Gregory in disbelief. “They insulted Mom and me... Do you think | was wrong? How can you say that?!”
But despite her ions, Gregory remained unmoved. His expression was dark and indifferent. The servants approached with the intention of bidding their farewells.
Even though Gregory held a high position as the head of the Salvador family, he always treated even the most common workers with compassion and courtesy, never disrespecting their dignity with his influence and power.
Despite his flaws, Gregory still maintained the attitude of an aristocrat, distinguishing him from newly-made billionaires in society.
“The smooth operation of Tideview Manor each day relies heavily on your diligent efforts. | deeply appreciate all the hard work you’v in over the years, and | truly hope that you won't consider resig because of this incident. If you were to leave, it would be incredib difficult to find another employee as dedicated as yourself. Today's issue was caused by my daughter, and | will make sure that she apologizes to you.”
“Bethany, apologize,” Gregory said with a serious expression while looking at Bethany.
“Dad... What are you saying?”
Bethany was fuming inside but managed to hold back her initial reaction. ‘Are you out of your mind?!
“Regardless, resorting to violence is never acceptable. It goes against the manners | have taught you since you were a child. It damages our family’s reputation as well. Apologize right away,” Gregory demanded firmly, leaving no room for negotiation. Forced by the circumstances, Bethany reluctantly looked at her embarrassed reflection and gritted her teeth before muttering an apology to the staff. “I’m sorry, it was entirely my fault.”
Bethany, who was arrogant and self-righteous, felt deeply humiliated at this moment.
At that instant, all the servants bowed at the same time and greeted them. “Hello, Ms. Carrie.”
Gregory turned around in surprise and saw Ryan holding Carrie’s hand as they walked together.
They resembled a newly married couple coming home, looking so sweet together.
Strangely enough, Gregory had not noticed it before, but now not deny how well-matched they were for each other.
What really touched Gregory, though, was Ryan’s affectionate gaze Carrie. It was a gaze familiar to him deeply warm and filled with intense affection. 
###chapter1056
Chapter 1056 Once upon a time, Gregory also had such affectionate eyes when he was in love.
The maids exclaimed excitedly, practically bubbling with enthusiasm.
“Wow, it’s Mr. Hoffman! Is he with Ms. Carrie?” “That's great! Mr. Hoffman is handsand wealthy. The most important thing is that he’s the eldest grandson of Chairman Hoffman. The entire Hoffman family will be his one day, and he'll surely be able to protect Ms. Carrie.” “That's right! Bethany won't be able to bully Carrie anymore!” The maid deliberately lowered her voice at the last sentence. But Gregory wasn't deaf after all. He heard it and frowned slightly.
“Dad...” Carrie called out timidly. Her nervous expression evoked sense of pity.
“Hello, Uncle Greg.” Ryan smiled brightly. He raised the hand tightly intertwined with Carrie's, deliberately showing their affection in front of everyone. “Carrie misses you and wants to cback to see you.” Carrie's cheeks flushed red, shyly lowering her clear eyes and leaning closer to the man.
At this point, Bethany had completely given up hope of becoming Ryan's wife after she was brutally tortured by him. Despite that, she was still jealous at the sight of her foolish sister and Ryan being a perfect match.
Chapter 1056 “Good, good.” Gregory nodded repeatedly. “Carrie, how have you been lately? Is your health okay?” “I'm fine. Hon... Ryan has been taking good care of me.” Carrie almost called Ryan “honey” but quickly corrected herself in fright.
Ryan squinted his eyes, gently held her hand, and whispered in her ear, “Honestly, | still love it when you call‘honey’.” Carrie tightly pressed her lips together, wanting to find a hole to hide.
in embarrassment.
“Ryan, you've worked hard to take care of Carrie during this time.” Grégory had evidently accepted their relationship. After all, not only were they in love, but they also cfrom similar backgrounds.
Even if Ryan decided to marry Carrje, the advantages of this union surpassed his initial expectations. The positive impact on the Salvador family was obvious, giving Gregory no reason to oppose it.
Follow on Nov?l-Onlin?.c?m
“Uncle Greg, you're too kind. There's no need for such form Ryan fixed his gaze on Carrie's shy yet blossoming beauty full of fervent desire.
“Taking care of Carrie is the responsibility | bear for the rest life, and | also plan to cherish and take care of her for a lifetime.” Gregory awkwardly cleared his throat, his expression stiff and tense This kid had yet to formally ask him for his daughter's hand. So Gregory would not show any emotional fluctuations. He especially would not let Ryan see that he approved of him as a future son-in- law. That would be embarrassing! Chapter 1056 The onlookers swooned at Ryan's declaration of love. They were looking forward to the day they could witness Carrie's wedding.
“Ryan...” Carrie's eyes brimmed with tears.
“Uncle Greg, perhaps we've cat a bad tand disturbed your handling of family matters?” Ryan spoke casually with a hint of smirk.
“I wonder what Ms. Bethany did to upset you so much. You're always so busy. Justin mentioned that you barely have any tfor yourself.
Don't let trivial matters ruin your health.” Bethany trembled all over, already on the verge of an emotional outburst.
She glared fiercely at Carrie, her eyes blazing red as if she wanted to pounce and devour her own younger sister alive!
###chapter1057
“Ryan, thank you for still thinking of me,” Gregory said with an approving smile.
“It's not just me. Carrie and Justin were also keeping you in mind.”
Ryan’s eyes lit up as he spoke warmly.
Ryan wasn’t only trying to please his future father-in-law. He also wanted to gain some brownie points for his best friend. “| haven't seen you for so long. Why don’t both of you join me in my study? Let's sit down and have a chat.”
With that, Gregory's smile softened as he gestured to Carrie. “Come, Carrie.”
Despite having less interaction with her father as she grew older, in her memory, her father was always the one who doted on her the most.
“Daddy...” Her doe eyes sparkled as she let go of Ryan’s hand and walked toward Gregory. For some reason, tears inexplicably filled Ryan’s eyes at this sight, his nose tingling with sourness. Ryan understood that no matter how kind and loving he was to Carrie, he could never replace her family’s place in her heart.
Perhaps there were many people in this world who could live without romantic love, but no one could endure the loss of their loved ones or being separated from their family.
As Carrie came closer, Gregory greeted her with a warm smile and opened his arms wide, embracing his daughter, whom he hadn't seen for so long. He tenderly stroked her silky black hair as she rested against his chest and silently wept.
Meanwhile, Bethany’s anger had escalated to its peak, nearly bringing her to tears.
As Gregory's eldest daughter, Bethany had always been the apple of the Salvador family’s eye. She was proud, smart, and beautiful, as well as competitive. Since she was young, she has consistently garnered her parents’ attention at Carrie’s expense.
Nigel, Shannon, and Ryan... Carrie was gradually taking everything that once belonged to her. Even now, Carrie has taken away her father’s favor!
Bethany absolutely hated Carrie.
On the other side, Shannon was confined to her quarters. She was terrified when she saw the news and online comments about Winston. Her mind was in a state of chaos.
Shannon frantically dug out the medication from Simon and injected herself twice with it. Only then did her twitching nerves calm down, allowing her to think clearly.
She had never thought that Winston, who had fled to Terranova, would be captured. What was more unexpected was that the sparks of public opinion about Linny’s death would directly affect her.
The fact that the police had not called her in suggested that Winston had not betrayed her.
But anything could happen in the future. Perhaps he migh reak ynder ssc ant Lohidss verything out her hiring him to kill Linny. By then, it would be too late! 
At this point, Shannon was restricted by Gregory a fates limited, @ptiors.| TRE only bars CGEM that could run errands for her was 
Bethany, who came to visit Shannon looking distraught, with eyes swollen from crying. But Shannon had no time to attend to Bethany’s emotions. She said, ”
Winston's arrest might lead to him exposing w abws'\s ve done.. fio ? pdison \kbso utely cannot be left
alive!” Visit to read
the latest 
“What should we do? What am | supposed to do?” 
###chapter1058
Bethany’s eyes turned icy as she scoffed. “Weren't you the one who instructed him to do those things? What does it have to do with me? Don’t drag me into this!”!
“You little brat! Now that trouble has arrived, you want to distance yourself from it all, huh? When your own mother is in trouble, shouldn't you think of helping out instead of hiding like a coward? If something happens to me, you will suffer too!”
Shannon’s fierce gaze made Bethany tremble with fear. Were they really a mother-and-daughter duo? They were more like accomplices in crime.
“So what do we do now? What are you planning to do?” Bethany asked impatiently and gritted her teeth. Shannon’s expression turned cold and emotionless as she said, “I want to kill Winston.” “Kill Winston? But he’s under police custody now. How are you goin to do it?”
Bethany, now somewhat desensitized by Shannon’s training, no longer turned pale nor felt her heart race at the mention of killing someone. Her first thought was about how to get it done.
“There are plenty of people in prison who are willing to accept money to resolve issues for others. With so many rowdy people inside, it's easy to find an opportunity to kill him without anyone finding out.”
With that, Shannon took out a bank card and tossed it to Bethany.”
There’s enough money in here for you to deal with this situation. Get it sorted quickly. Don’t make me wait too long.” Bethany clutched the card firmly, feeling like it was a sharp blade in her hand.
“Mom, | can do this, but on one condition.”
“You brat! How dare you negotiate conditions with your own mother? Do you have any conscience?” Shannon scolded angrily and stood with her hands on her hips.
Bethany said with a chilling smirk, “Mom, forgive me for being blunt, but Dad has started to despise you. Carrie, that little wench, is always with Ryan and sucking up to Bella. She’s also useless. The only person you can rely on now is me.”
Shannon frowned, feeling that this daughter was truly too much like herself. But precisely because they were so similar that it sparked a hint of fear in her.
“What do you want?”
“| know Ryan hates me to the core, and there’s absolutely no cha of me being with him. But | won’t allow Carrie to marry him either!”
Bethany was burning with rage, nearly grinding her teeth to pieces. Earlier today, Ryan brought Carrie to meet Dad. They were all cozy, and Dad clearly gave his silent approval of their relationship. You must find a way to stop her from marrying into the Hoffman family!”
“Well, what can | do? Ryan is completely devoted to Carrie. Bin He's absolutely infatuated with her
aroptions do | have?” Shannon scoffed coldly, still not readily accepting the situation. 
“In that case, I’m afraid | won’t be able to help you get rid of Winston.”
Bethany curled her red lips ina contemptuous smile. “Mom, de down, Yon guts owen this
t ether, but what can you do while you're stuck at home? Other than me, who else can you count on?” 
Shannon’s eyes turned red with anger, fuming from her ears. ‘This ungrateful and cold-hearted little brat! How could she manipulate her own mother like this?’
Seeing her mother’s delayed response, Bethany continued to weigh the pros and cons for her.
“Mom, | know you want to become Ryan's mother-in-law, to one day rise up through herenks otk ycureritd sbb-in- Mw But have you ever considered that even if Carrie marries into the Hoffman family, what help can she provide you?” 
“You know that Ryan is Justin's best friend, and Carrie is close to Bella. You’ve seen how she has been supporting that despicable woman before.” 
###chapter1059

“Since your accident , I’ve been the one looking after you and helping you. Apart from spending time and fooling around with Ryan every day, what has Carrie done to support you? They say that when a daughter gets married, she forgets her family. Carrie is no exception . She hasn’t even married into the Hoffman family yet, but she's completely forgotten about her hardworking mother, who raised her!"
Shannon was momentarily speechless, feeling like she had been struck by lightning.
Whether Carrie’s marriage to Ryan would really benefit her was still up for debate.
Looking realistically at her own situation, she couldn’t even take a step out of the door, and her own safety was now in jeopardy. How could she have the energy to care about Carrie’s future?
Her children, though related by blood, were distinct individuals. Her priority was to be resilient and live a fulfilling life.
“Fine, agree!” Shannon forced out those words through gritted teeth, her eyes filled with determination . “As long as you help me get rid of Winston , I promise the Hoffman family will never accept Carrie."
Bethany’s eyes lit up with excitement at Shannon’s words.
Even if Ryan married that fool, it would not matter because she would not be able to join the Hoffman family. She would never be legitimate, and she would just bea mistress.
*The air in the study was warm and harmonious. Gregory and Ryan exchanged small talk. As an elder, Gregory asked Ryan about his career. Ryan came fully prepared and responded smoothly.
Though Ryan had been close to Justin since they were children, he was now in a different position. Facing his future father-in-law, who had experienced numerous grand occasions, Ryan couldn't help but feel a little nervous.
"Mr. Hoffman, please have some tea. Ms. Carrie, this is your favorite orange juice." Paul approached with a tray.
"Thank you, Uncle Paul," Carrie said, holding up the glass with a bright and innocent smile.
Paul couldn't help but smirk, feeling a surge of warmth in his heart.
Bethany and Carrie had such different personalities. But frankly speaking, Paul couldn't see any trace of elegance or manners in Bethany. While Shannon knew how to act like a lady and maintain her ladylike demeanor, Bethany couldn't even be bothered to pretend. She was like a wild girl. Before, Paul had worried about Carrie's future, afraid that because of her autism, she would live a lonely life and never experience love, marriage, or building a family like a normal girl. But now, it seemed he had worried too much. With Ryan showing her love and attention, Carrie's future would be secured. She would never be bullied again.
Carrie drank her orange juice contentedly, her lips glistening.
Ryan chuckled and pulled a clean handkerchief from his pocket, patiently and tenderly wiping the water stains from her lips. The proficiency with which he did this indicated that he had done this kind of thing often.
"Ahem... Ryan." Gregory cleared his throat, feeling overwhelmed by the display of affection. "After all you've been through, I can see that you have genuine feelings for Carrie. Since you want to be with my daughter, I won't stand in your way.
However, Carrie is still young. She's been sheltered by us since she was a child.
She's simple-minded and inexperienced in the ways of the world. This is her first time in love, and it's her first time staying away from home for so long. You see, Carrie has never gone out at night before. Ryan, you've broken our family rules."
Ryan said with a grin while looking around. "I'm sorry, Uncle Greg. I didn't consider this thoroughly. But if Carrie stays with me, I can't let her go out at night.
There are so many bad people outside, and Carrie is so beautiful. What if she was targeted by someone? How can I not worry?"
Gregory shook his head. "I'm not talking about going out or staying indoors. What I mean is that although you two are in a relationship, you haven't legally married yet. Living together like this won't affect you much, but my daughter is a pure and innocent girl. This could tarnish her reputation."
###chapter1060

Though Carrie was called a fool by Bethany since she was a child, she was far from foolish. When she heard the words “living together”, she reacted with a slight shrug and trembled. The sweetness of the orange juice in her mouth left a lingering bitter taste.
Ryan secretly took her cold hand and held it tightly. He quickly said, “Uncle Greg, I acknowledge that my private life in the past was reckless, but please give mea chance to make amends. While I was once flirtatious, I’ve never crossed any boundaries or brought any woman home before Carrie."
“Ryan, what I mean is..."
“To be honest, now I can’t imagine my life without Carrie anymore.” Ryan confessed as he placed a warm kiss on Carrie’s hand and gazed at her with affection. “Even a single day away from her feels unbearable. I’m afraid ’ll lose my mind."
Ryan’s soft, soothing voice flowed into Carrie’s ear, eliciting a flutter in her heart, as if tickled by a soft feather.
She felt the same way. She didn't want to leave Ryan. Without him, she couldn't eat or sleep in peace.
Gregory was taken aback by Ryan's audacity. He had never encountered such shamelessness before. He found it hard to believe how bold Ryan acted in front of him.
Ryan then shifted to a more serious tone and said, "I have another reason for not wanting Carrie to return to Tideview Manor."
"What could that be?" Gregory asked with confusion.
"I'm afraid Carrie will be bullied."
"What are you talking about?"
Gregory appeared even more perplexed. "Carrie means everything to me, and Tideview Manor is her home. Who would dare to bully her in her own home?"
"Uncle Greg, you're not often at home, so it's understandable that you may not fully understand the situation here. But you can't just assume that Carrie is content with living in this house."
Ryan refrained from directly pointing out Bethany's mistreatment toward Carrie, as he did not want to embarrass Gregory or put him in an awkward position regarding his daughters.
Ryan's primary concern was protecting Carrie. Even if Gregory knew everything, what could he actually do about it? He could not even handle his own wife, let alone Bethany.
Beside them, Paul stood silently and looked at Gregory. Everyone in Tideview Manor, including Shannon, was aware that Bethany had always bullied Carrie.
Meanwhile, Gregory seemed unaware of the situation.
"Carrie, who is making things difficult for you in this house?" Gregory locked eyes with his timid daughter, questioning her with suppressed anger. Carrie's forehead glistened with sweat, and her lips parted slightly, but she stayed quiet.
Feeling her palms sweating in his, Ryan quickly spoke to comfort her. "Don't be afraid, Carrie. With me and your father here to support you, feel free to talk about any difficulties or problems."
Deep down, he hoped that Carrie would open up about all the cruel things Bethany had done to her, speaking out for herself to seek justice.
The two men gazed at her with intense eyes, waiting for her response.
After a while, Carrie's lips trembled, and she finally spoke, "No... No one bullied me."
"Carrie..." Ryan felt a surge of disappointment in his heart.
###chapter1061
When Ryan’s hand met Carrie's slender back, he realized sweat had
seeped through the fabric of her clothes.
His heart dropped, and his breath hitched.
Ryan had pushed her too far. He should not have let her dwell in the painful past or be stuck at getting even. He did not want the love of his life to be burdened with anything because he would handle it all for her. “D-Did your sister pick on you?”
Gregory’s sudden question made Carrie shiver to the core.
With her head hung low, Carrie gripped her skirt without saying a word.
“Is that true? Has Bethany been abusing you? Tell me. I'll take care
it.”
“Mr. Salvador, you know Carrie. She doesn’t have your other
daughter's knack for saying the right things. Sometimes, Carrie can be too kind to have a fallout with her family. She would rather live cautiously and tolerate the insult than destroy the peace at home.”
Unable to hold his tongue, Ryan opened his mouth, his eyes chilly.”
Let bygones be bygones. It’s not worth getting upset about things that happened so long ago. They are both your children anyway.”
Ryan made no mention of Bethany, but he was talking about her for
sure.
Gregory grimaced, his hands on his lap clenching.
Ryan helped Carrie up and slipped his arm around her waist, pulling her closer to him in an assertive manner. “Since the past is in the past, there’s no point dwelling on it. But |
can’t say the same thing for the future. Now that Carrie and | are together, | will sort everything out for her. If anyone so much as hurts her, | will make that person pay, and it won’t matter to me who that person’s father is.”
Once Ryan left with Carrie, the air in the room remained suffocating. Gregory could cut the tension with a knife. “So Ryan is aware that Bethany has been bullying Carrie?”
Gregory looked at Paul in a daze, finding it difficult to fathom what had happened. “I just overheard a maid talking about it. Even the domestic help knows, but | don’t? | am the father, and yet | know
nothing.” Paul sighed and replied, “Don’t beat yourself up, Chairm You have your family and corporation to run. Understanda or two might slip your attention.” In other words, Paul acknowledged Gregory’s shortfall as a fathe 1.
With his elbows on the table, Gergory hugged his head. “Il am
ashamed to be a father to Carrie. | didn’t know she was unhappy a home.” “But it’s all in the past now, Chairman Salvador. Ms. Carrie has Mr. Hoffman by her side. You can rest knowing he will take care of her Chapte 1061
Paul added earnestly, “Ms. Carrie is all grown up. She’s not a child anymore. You can't just ephes at) to stay kway crn socializing or being in touch with the real world. It will do nothing to help her. Haven't you realized? Ms. Carrie is bubblier and smiles more now that she’s with Mr. Hoffman.” 
Gregory gave a nod.
Even he had not seen Carrie smile so brightly ina qnatinedt Wwasoleal? that QyYn'gave her the world. 
“| really spoiled Bethany. Carrie is her sister. How could she do such a thing?”
Gregory's heart broke as the sweet and innoce timegeptBethany inher yoUriger days entered his mind. 
“You are the company you keep, Chairman Salvador.” That was all Paul had to say.
Gregory tensed his jawline, his eyes unreadable. 
###chapter1062
Following a knock on the door, Bethany’s coy voice was heard on the
other side. “Are you there, Dad?”
“Come in.”
The door swung open, and Bethany entered with a tray in hand.
“I'm sorry to cause you problems today, Dad. | brought your favorite fruits and snacks. Don’t be mad at me, okay?”
Bethany placed the fruit platter on the table and drew close to give Gregory a hug and seek attention like always. Gregory would find it hard to stay mad at her when she showed a hunger for his approval.
To her dismay, Gregory raised his arm to stop her. “I hope this is the last time you behave in a manner unbecoming of your status.
“You are part of the Salvador family, and that doesn’t give you the right to boss others around simply because you have money. You manners define who you are. Otherwise, you're no different from a
classless boor.”
Bethany’s arms were suspended awkwardly in the air as she laughed dryly. “Yes, Dad. | won't do it again.”
Gregory said nothing, nor did he touch the food she brought him.
“Dad, the horse race is in a few days. You mentioned that | looked good in that riding gear before, so | had one made for you in the same design. The designer has delivered the attire. Why don’t you come and check it out downstairs?”
Chunger TOET
Seeing that Gregory was still fuming, Bethany tried to please him.
“Bethany, you should sit the horse race out,” Gregory said indifferently.
“What?”
Bethany stamped her foot. “Why aren’t you taking me? You always take me to the annual horse race.” “It's not happening this year.”
“Why?”
Bethany made a face in desperation, “All the important and influential heiresses and socialites will be there. You must take me!” “I'll be taking Carrie instead.” Gregory lowered his gaze, refusing to
look at her.
“How could you?” Bethany’s head was buzzing.
“Why not? Carrie is my daughter, too. She’s part of the Salvador
family too.”
Gregory finally met her gaze, his eyes colder than before. “Besides, you’ve attended the horse race for years. It’s time to give your social
life a rest. Carrie hasn’t been to one before, and many in the city don’t
recognize her.
“| want to give Carrie more opportunities fo attenebsicial vets tNvake things fair.” 
Fair?
Gregory had demonstrated a lack of concern for Carrie for more than Chap 1062
a decade, and now he wanted to play favorites and talk about fairness. “What? By the look on your face, you don’t seem pleased.”
Gregory raised his brow. “As the older sister, you should Re looking O6% fr Catrie ah& sharing the good stuff with her.” 
“N-No, I'm just concerned as Carrie is autistic. Wh bal shepctsiup in (ne |! eberits>/How would she handle the situation?” 
“Don’t worry about that. Mr. Hoffman will take good care of her.” Despite her rage, Bethany did not say a word.
“You can leave now. | need to get back to work.”
Bethany went as white as a sheet. She only grimaced in resentment
when she turned her back toward her father. 
###chapter1063
It was the dead of night at Savrow East Suburb Prison.
Winston suffered sleepless nights since the talk with Bella and Justin. Their words kept ringing in his head.
Bella offered quite a tempting proposal. Even if it was a fake, Winston was won over.
However, he hated the couple too much. They were a talented, rich, powerful, and handsome couple. The man was a rising star in Savrow’s business world, while the woman was the highly gifted daughter of a billionaire.
Winston was infuriated at the thought of them.
Besides, Bella and Justin were the reasons for Winston's undoing. Winston had to sit with his fury, hoping Shannon would coinue to
L
give the young couple a run for their money-even better i
could kill them.
For days, Winston lived uncomfortably but safely in prison. However, he felt a pair of eyes on him for the past two days.
The eerie feeling sent chills down his spine.
That night, Winston lay in the dirty and smelly bed, tossing and turning as usual. When sleepiness finally swept over him, Winston caught a sudden rustle near him.
Chap 1063 Chany
If not for his years working as a mercenary, he could not have detected the subtle noise.
Before Winston could get up, he felt a chilling wind coming from the back and rolled around. Despite his reflexes, he was too late. “Mgh!”
The pain consumed him.
In the darkness, Winston's cellmate plunged a sharpened toothbrush into his neck. Winston widened his eyes in terror, and he could hear his blood leaking from his aorta.
“Die.” The man said this as he dove the toothbrush deeper into Winston's flesh.
SShocked, Winston grabbed his assailant’s arms. “W-Who are you?” ““hhold no grudge against you. It’s just a job. That’s all.”
AAgob?
AMaarne popped up in Winston’s mind-Shannon.
After returning from Terranova, Justin was not in a hurry to ge
to the obince Irinstead, he took Bella’s advice and stayed at home
he was weit!
Still, white Bulldawas fast asleep, Justin would sneak into the study review documents and cort things out.
He would tiptoe bbci; kad bad when it was nearly dawn, lying back Chap 1063
down next to the love of his life. Justin would snuggle apito. Kerarld ' dln€xikses on her face before falling asleep. 
That afternoon, Bella took Justin to Thompson Hospital. Scott would perform a physical on Justin.
Upon learning that Justin's shoulder
and back RR OOe @ellt | Bella huaged inv with joy, nuzzled his neck, and gave him the biggest kiss. Visit to read
the latest 
“That’s great. It’s great news!”
Bella was happy for Justin and expressed her emotions without realizing how her mannerisms could be interpreted. Unbeknownst to her, Justin could barely hold back his overpowering
emotions.
He took a gulp and stared straight into Bella’s eyes. “Yeah, that’s
great, Bella.”
The man’s lips drew close to her ear, his scorching breat brulagained Her skinci've Bee iting for this day for so long. | mig crazy if | have to wait a day more.” 
###chapter1064
“You...”
Reading the sensual undertones in his voice, Bella blushed as her heart skipped a beat.
“Ahem... Congratulations on your full recovery, Mr. Salvador. | got to go, so feel free to use my office to rest.”
Scott had kids of his own, so he knew the look on Justin’s face. He knew better than to stick around when his presence was unwanted.
“Don't, Scott. I-| need your advice on aftercare. I'll go with you.” Red in the face, Bella got off Justin, but the man refused to release his grip around her waist.
“Ms. Thompson, you’re Dr. Brown. | should be the one to consult you for medical advice,” Scott said while walking out of the door that
about to close.
“We can learn from each other! Wait up!”
Bella put her hands on the man’s chest and pushed him away before fleeing with Scott out of the office like a frightened bunny. Justin stared at the shut door, his eyes burning with desire. He let out a wry smile.
It was late at night when Bella and Justin returned to the villa after a day out.
Chapter und
The couple entered the place, but before Bella could remove her shoes, Justin scooped her up and took strides up the stairs. “Hey! P-Put me down!” Startled, Bella hooked her arms around
Justin's neck.
Her legs dangled in the air, sending her red stilettos tumbling down
the steps.
“No.”
Justin pecked her nose. She could hear the strain in his breathing and the raspiness in his voice. “What other excuses are you going to give
me now, Bella?”
“Excuses? What excuses?” Bella’s eyes were flighty, and her cheeks were burning.
“I'm all better now. If my calculations are right, you’re not on your period today.”
Justin swallowed hard. His eyes were bloodshot. “How ar
to turn me down now?”
Bella recalled that they had engaged in intimacy for the past few
g
Justin had been dropping her hints left and right, but Bella ended advances on the grounds that he had not recovered yet. Even durin the flight, Justin gave her a hand job while curbing his needs. She did feel bad for him then.
Soon, Justin pinned Bella down in bed.
With his breathing growing heavy, Justin went for her lips, but she
blushed hard and kept him away by putting her shaking arms on his chest. Her eyes welled up as she spoke angrily, “Did you get better just to have sex with me? | don’t exist for your gratification.”
Justin froze. The longing in his eyes turned into love as he Ree mM foxepgag.adt knbifing ether to laugh or cry. “Silly girl. What are you talking about? 
“| just want to be close to you.” Feeling a lump in her throat, Bella bit her lip.
“We've been through a lot to be together again. Do you k owhey ch, hgherish cuir alationship and you? | want the days to last longer. 24 hours isn’t enough for me to be with you.” 
Justin took a deep breath as his emotions got the better of him. “I want to give uthe world, but Pdoh't ORNS it. | don’t know what | should do to make you feel happy. So | hope the rest of our lives will be like the day we first fell in love with each d 
hold you and kiss you even when I’m old and wrinkly d want to
ter.”
Bella looked deep into his eyes, her eyes welling up. “Bella... Are you crying?”
Justin was at a loss, wondering what he had said to hurt her. He
apologized, “I’m sorry, Bella. | won’t touch you anymore. | won’t-” 
###chapter1065

Bella cut Justin off by wrapping her arms around his neck and tearfully sealing his lips.
Justin was on cloud nine. He was able to keep a clear head at first, but as the kiss deepened, Justin's mind went blank, and he threw his weight on her while tearing the black, skintight dress off her.
Despite taking the lead, Bella soon found herself overpowered by Justin.
Bella was lost in the passion.
Her back hurt.
However, she felt warm and cozy inside.
The couple stayed up well into the wee hours, finally falling asleep in each other's arms.
Justin was the first to wake up. Even though Justin's arm was numb from Bella sleeping on it, he did not move and simply stared at her.
He had read about previous kings, perplexed about why they would neglect their government over women.
Now, his curiosity was answered.
Heck, no one and nothing could tear him away from his woman.
Another half an hour later, Bella woke up and stretched.
She snuggled up with Justin in bed for a while. In the end, she could not stand the stickiness clinging to her skin and fussed to hit the showers.
The man carried her to the bathroom to enjoy a soak together. Bella knew what was in store for her, and she nearly slipped in rage.
After the shower, they stood alongside each other in front of the vanity sink and brushed their teeth.
Bella's phone rang.
With a toothbrush in her mouth, Bella took the call. "Dr. Fairchild, how was your trip? Was it fun?"
Justin knew about Simon and all that he had done for Bella. He paused and listened to their conversation.
"The view is lovely, and the food is great. Thank you for giving me the vacation, but I'm back in town." Simon's tone was gentle.
"You're back? Why are you back?" Bella asked in surprise.
"I was worried about you. I couldn't relax on my trip."
Justin grimaced and scoffed. "Ha!"
Bella gave him a look before saying, "Where are you staying now? I'll provide you with safe accommodation."
"It's okay, Ms. Thompson. I'm safe where I am."
Simon whispered, "I came back because I believe Shannon should be running out of drugs
soon."
"Oh?" Bella raised a brow.
"She will contact me when she needs more. I'll prescribe her a stronger dosage. I believe she won't be far from the path of self-destruction soon after."
"Thank you, Dr. Fairchild."
Bella took a deep breath, her eyes glistening. "Just hold on. Victory will soon be on our side."
Justin's phone then rang. Ian was calling.
He washed up and took the call sulkily.
"What?"
"Good news, Mr. Salvador! Winston wants to see you and the young madam."
###chapter1066
lan’s voice was so loud that Bella could hear him even through
Justin’s phone.
“Dr. Fairchild, I’m busy with something at the moment. I'll get back to you later.” Bella hung up in a hurry and stared at Justin with bright eyes.
Justin curled his lips and stroked her hair. “What changed his mind?”
“Winston was attacked by his cellmate last night. His cellmate drove a toothbrush into his neck, but he was able to resist him until the patrolling guards arrived, so he managed to survive the attack.”
Justin and Bella exchanged lingering looks. “How is he doing now?”
lan sneered, “He was transported out of prison to receive urgent medical care. He clamored to see you and the young madam whee got up. | guess he’s ready to talk now. His life was threatene days into his jail sentence. How is he supposed to survive the two decades? He must be hoping that you will help him.”
Overjoyed, Bella got on her tiptoes, wrapped her arms around Justin, and gave him a kiss on the cheek.
As his eyes darkened with yearning, Justin hooked his right arm
around her, lifting her up by her perky butt. His show of strength was
so boyfriend-material.
His free hand slipped behind her head, and they shared a kiss.
His eyes reflected her bashful face.
“| got to give it to you. You figured out your wicked stepmother’s plan.” Bella prodded her nose against Justin’s and praised him. “| could have only figured it out with your help, Bella. Without you, I’m
nothing.”
Justin pecked her lips. “Shannon fell for it because you used the
internet to bash her. She needed to silence her enemy before the truth came out. | didn’t expect Shannon to work so quickly, though. Gregory kept her at home, basically grounding her. Even though Harry and Winston are caught, she manages to find someone to do her dirty work. | guess she must have a lot of people working for her.”
Bella narrowed her eyes. “Don’t worry about your sister, Bethany. She beats your stepmother when it comes to ruthlessness.” “| only have one sister, and that’s Carrie.”
Justin spoke in a raspy voice, his eyes fixating on his p
assertiveness made her heart race “You, on the othe
lot of guy friends.”
“Who? Dr. Fairchild?” She curled her lips cheekily. “Are you
Hm?”
“What do you think?”
is
Justin’s eyes were red-rimmed. “No one, except your father, your brothers, and me, would risk their lives for you unless they.had ulterior motives.”
vea “So what? I’m worth any man’s life.” Bella winked and twirled her hair Chopper 1006
“If even Dr. Fairchild can get to you, you'll be in for a rough ride.”
Even though Justin knew Bella was joking, his eyes dimmed with jealousy.
“But...” Bella stopped teasing him, her breath caressing his ear. There’s only one man for me.”
Justin’s heart pounded out of his chest.
The past came to mind.
Justin could not even stand Bella’s friend. Yet aioh past three gears, Bellastayéd! § side while he was out with another woman. 
He teared up, reminded of his past cruelty toward her. Justin could never change the past. Even though Bella had forgiven him, he could not forgive himself.
“Hey, don't tell me...” Bella was surprised thane pig Kwde bay! joking. Why are you crying? Come on.” 
“No, I’m okay.” Justin drew a deep breath and beamed.
“Get yourself ready. We’re going to meet with Ralph and then Winston.”
Bella tried to leave Justin’s embrace, but he clung harder to her. “I'm hungry, Bella.”
Justin’s hoarse voice reflected his urge. He carried Bella intg the O mM bedroom CFeéd e to give me energy to work.” 
Bella pounded his shoulder. She had no more tears to shed. 
###chapter1067
Bella believed she should hide away in the hospital for a few days.
It was dark outside when Winston walked out of the prison gates.
Although it was spring, Savrow’s mornings and nights remained gripped by a persistent chill. Justin took off his jacket and draped it over Bella before pulling her
into his arms.
They stood in the dark, listening to the leaves rustle. Despite their
calm demeanor, they were swept away by emotions.
“He confessed,” Bella said after a long while.
“Yes. He fessed up.”
Justin held her shoulder. It took a while before he was C
Everything is about to end.”
“No, not yet. We still don’t know where Maxwell is.”
“But Maxwell isn’t in it with Shannon His testimony isn’t useful
Winston's case.”
Bella looked sternly at him. “But he nearly killed you and Ash. Even
he’s unrelated to Shannon, | want him to pay.”
Not to mention, they had not uncovered the real perpetrator.
Bella had nothing on Christopher, as it was all her assumption.
Maxwell was the important link.
After a long silence, Justin said, “Stay out of it, Bella. Ryan and | will
handle Maxwell.
“My injuries and Shannon have drained you enough. Leave the rest to
me.”
“Justin, are you keeping me out because you're afraid I'll be exhausted if | get involved, or because Christopher’s involvement will tear me apart?”
Justin pursed his lips. His silence answered her question.
“You're overthinking it.” Bella frowned and poked his chest. “We were only friends and nothing more. Even if he was more than a friend to
me, | can’t forgive him for what he has done. | will not go easy on him or get cold feet on my decision.”
“What if Christopher is proven to have nothing to do with Maxwell, and my assumption is wrong?” Justin asked hoarsely.
“| can’t forgive him either. He did a lot of harm to Camillaa husband in Sentania. The scandal nearly buried Edward! | ca blind eye to that.”
Bella clenched her fists at what Camilla and Edward had been through.
Christopher had crossed the line.
Bella’s family was where she drew the line.
Justin was now included in her family too.
u
Chap 1067
“| have caused you a lot of hurt did you L{aralverie Jastin Visit
SfeBook.com to read the latest 
asked, his heart clutching.
“Are you comparing yourseli to, Christopher’ Beliaraisett her brow it' to read the latest 
angrily.
“No... | just feel guilty.” Justin sighed and smiled wryly.
“You're different.” Bella took his arm and laid her head on his shoulder. “I have known who you are since a long time ago. | know. you better than you know yourself.”
Justin was about to delve deeper into
the conversati ayhe padmelih! Het teeter
to read the latest 
Wyatt was calling.
“What's the matter, Wyatt?” Bella accepted the call, her voice affectionate and casual.
Although his future father-in-law was not present in person, Justin still felt nervous. His palms were clammy.
“Where are you, Bella?” Wyatt sounded stern.
“Why?”
“Are you in Savrow?”
“What is it?”
“Are you with Justin?” 
###chapter1068
Wyatt’s voice grew harsh. “You are ewith Justin, and he’s staying with you in Savrow.”
Justin became anxious at the mention pofisis name.
Bella scowled. “What are you trying to say Wyatt? Did you have eyes on me?”
“| care about my daughter. Is there a problem withththat?”’Wyatt retorted.
bia! I've been on my own abroad for years, but you never sent anyone cowatch me. You don’t even text me during the holidaysWhy the
ssudden concern?”
Erraced. Bella put her hand on her waist. “Are you even Wyatt DDo you hoohhave anything better to do now that you're tired?”?!! Jussandurrowed his brows.
Heewoondered why Bella traveled abroad alone for a few
The Thootpsoons who doved and adored her, even let her e personahjoourney itwas dangerous for Bella to be alone in countryy
‘Come back hoore@now!”
Wyatt was furioussYdoutesam heiress. | feel embarrassed for you t ive with a man, muchlesss your ex-husband.” You don’t seem embarasssed when you marry four wives. Why
should I?” Bella scoffed nonchalantly.
“You!” Wyatt went ballistic.
Good grief! The father and daughter knew to attack where it hurt the most.
Justin realized that Wyatt was not happy that he and Bella were together.
The news broke his heart. He had gone through a lot to get her sisters. “and brothers’ blessings, but he did not have her father’s.
Even so, Justin held no resentment, After all he had done, he felt the struggles and roadblocks were his due.
“Just get back here. It’s the horse race this weekend. It concerns a partnership with KS Group. Several major corporations in Savrow will be in attendance. Come back and attend the event with me.”
Several major corporations?
The Salvadors and the Iversons would be attending the e
Bella’s eyes darkened, and she murmured, “Got it.”
“I'm saying this one last time. Stay away from Justin!”
Even though Wyatt was on a call with his daughter, displeasure was written all over his face. “Justin doesn’t deserve my daughter. Don’t forget what he did to you. He dumped you and humiliated you! You might forget about the past, but | will never get over it until | die! Later!”
Wyatt terminated the call before Bella could reply.
Chap 106% Bella could not believe Wyatt even said “later”.
Staring at the blackened screen, she sighed and glanced at the stiff man beside her. “Did you hear that?” “Yeah.” Justin was dejected.
“Well, | can't do anything about it. Wyatt is old and stubborn. He's \V\ wares than in Votrulae oo good impression, so he doesn’t think much of you.” Bella pursed her lips. 
“l understand.”
“But it doesn’t matter. We've been through a lot together. I’m sure can et through thie” ekoSirdcet “If att doesn't give us his blessing, or if the world doesn’t want us to be together, are you going 
to ditch me?”
Justin looked deep into her eyes and asked, “Are you going to give up on me?”
Bella put her finger on her chin in contemplation before sha
head.
“No.”
Justin’s breathing grew heavy, and he spread his arms,an helacher His 1 chincestéd sed of his head as tears welled up in his eyes with 
emotion.
“| will never leave you, no matter what.” 
###chapter1069
Savrow held an annual horse race that was covered nationwide.
Many affluent families would gather at the tracks, looking like they got along with one another. In reality, there was always some sort of rivalry going on between them.
It was also a rare opportunity for the privileged and wealthy to interact.
The horse race was an important event for businesses in Savrow and even Orbia. Many major deals were signed there, hence why many would love to get their hands on a ticket to the race for the great opportunity to network with potential partners.
Bethany was livid that Gregory would not allow her to attend the race, so much so that she barely had any appetite or sleep.
She did not understand why Gregory would punish her for yelling at a few household staff and would take Carrie to the race instead.
Bethany had stirred up a lot of trouble at home, but Gregory had not once criticized her.
Maybe Bethany was falling out of Gregory’s favor like Shannon did.
All men were heartless beasts.
She could only pray that Ryan was a player who would dump Carrie once he was done with her.
Bethany could then tell the whole world that Carrie was Ryan’s plaything.
No one would marry Carrie then. Bethany wanted to ruin Carrie.
While Bethany dwelled in her thoughts, there was a knock on the door.
“Ms. Bethany, Mrs. Salvador wants to sce you."
Bethany met Shannon grouchily.
?
"Here lam, Mom."
She caught a whiff of a strange, horrible smell when she stepped into the room.
"What are you doing, Mom? What's that smell?"
Bethany scrunched her nose and entered the bedroom.
Pushing the ajar door open, she was shocked by what she saw behind it.
Shannon, wearing wrinkly pajamas, kneeled on the ground with disheveled hair. She was wiping a yellow water stain on the ground with a towel. "Mom... What are you..." Bethany was shocked.
Shannon was stunned to see Bethany there. She blushed and lectured,"
Who said you can come in? Don't you know how to knock?"
"Mom, you wanted to see me."
Bethany looked at the stain and covered her mouth in surprise. "Mom!
Is that..."
Before Bethany could say "pee", Shannon interrupted her. "Shut up!
Not another word from you. Get it?"
Bethany nodded.
She would never tell anyone. It would not look good on Bethany when Shannon became the laughingstock in Savrow.
Shannon dumped the dirty towel into the bin and washed her hands in the bathroom.
Despite her good scrubbing, she could not get rid of the disgusting smell.
"You should stop taking the drugs!"
Bethany followed her into the bathroom anxiously. "How are drugs different from substances? Simon is not helping you! Look at you! You are at the breaking point. You worked so hard to win Dad's love, and you spent many years going toe-to-toe with Justin. If your health goes bad, you'll have nothing left. All the work you put in will be for nothing."
It was unlike Bethany to give such a perspective. It was clear that she was panicking.
Shannon closed her eyes and took a breath. "I know. I want to quit, but I can't!"
###chapter1070
Chapter 1070
Shannon said, “I can’t live without the stuff."
Even though Bethany had never taken substances , she could read the agony of quitting the stuff from Shannon’s face.
“Have you sorted Winston out yet?” Shannon asked eerily.
With her heart skipping a beat, Bethany murmured, “I put someone up for the job, but the person hasn’t gotten back to me. It’s likely that the person has not succeeded."
“All of you are good for nothing!” Shannon went ballistic.
“Mom, we’re talking about prison here. It wasn’t easy to get someone to work for you, especially in a restricted area like prison. My guy can’t just go around and kill Winston. Just wait. We will soon find out if Winston is dead."
“Wait? I can’t wait anymore. I can’t rest until Winston is dead!"
Shannon paced around the room anxiously. “Bella and Justin must have met him. I bet they are finding a way to get him to fess up and testify against me. I have to kill him before he gives me up."
Bethany understood the stakes involved, but there was no better option than waiting.
She said, carrying a glimmer of hope, “Don’t panic, Mom. If Winston wanted to give you up, he would have done it a long time ago. Why wait now? I think the person he hates the most isn’t you, but Justin and Bella. He has blood in his hands, working for you. Yet, he was able to survive to this day. He probably didn’t think he would lose to Bella and Justin. That’s why he hasn’t given your name up."
Shannon nodded her head, finding Bethany's theory plausible.
The sudden knock on the door startled Shannon and Bethany.
"Who is it?" Shannon walked into the living room and asked through the door.
"It?s me, Mrs. Salvador." Paul's indifferent voice came through.
Shannon cracked the door open and peered sinisterly at the man standing outside.
Paul nodded with respect. "Mrs. Salvador, I have a message from Chairman Salvador. You will be attending the horse race this weekend with him." "Gregory wants me to go with him. So I'm no longer under house arrest?" Shannon swung the door wide open, her voice trembling with thrill.
"You have attended the annual horse race with Chairman Salvador every year, and this year is no exception."
"alright! I will go!"
Shannon closed the door, nearly crying with joy.
She was finally out of the confines of her house after a month. It was possible that Gregory was no longer mad at her, and things were no longer tense between them.
However, there was one problem.
Shannon recalled her incontinence without the help of the drugs.
Besides, she would not know when her bladder control problem would occur.
If her bladder were to fail at the race track, she would embarrass herself and Gregory.
However, it was not an option for her to refuse Gregory's invitation.
While Shannon mulled over her options, Bethany approached her and whispered, "Are you worried about your health, Mom?"
"What should I do, Bethany? Everything is going wrong for me."
Shannon sank to the ground with her hands over her head. "I will have an accident without that stuff. That's not the only thing. I won't be able to sleep all night. My head is a mess, and the noise drives me nuts."
Shannon would hear things and suffer hallucinations.
Everything was out of Shannon's control, but these symptoms would disappear when Simon gave her a shot.
She would also get her energy back and be in good spirits.
Shannon would not live without that substance anymore.
###chapter1071

“Mom, don’t freak out. I have an idea.” Bethany whispered in her ear, "
You can use an adult diaper. That way, nothing will go wrong!"
“adult diaper?!” Shannon’s face flushed red with embarrassment.
“Anyway, nobody knows it except for me. Just use as much as you want.
Your relationship with Dad has finally eased. You must be in the spotlight at this horse-racing event! Dress up grandly and win back Dad’s heart!"
Yes, Bethany was right.
This opportunity was hard to come by. Shannon must perform well and reconcile with Gregory!
“Well... We have no other choice."
Adult diaper, it would be!
Even adults wore diapers. It was not unheard of. As long as Bethany kept her mouth shut, nobody would know!
“Mom, can you help me with something?” Bethany took the chance to ask.
“Brat, what conditions do you want?” Shannon glared at her, thinking that her daughter was getting harder to control and becoming increasingly greedy.
“Mom! Listen to me!"
Bethany exaggeratedly told her about the incident where Gregory found out she was abusing the servants because they talked behind her back and how her right to participate in the horse racing event was revoked.
"Mom! If I attend the event, we could look out for each other. Moreover, so many young masters from wealthy families will be there. Don't you want me to marry a good husband and help you in the future?"
Shannon's expression was gloomy as she nodded slowly. "Okay. I'll try my best to convince your father to let you go."
"Mom! You're the best!"
Bethany threw herself into Shannon's arms, but her eyes flashed with a sinister light.
In the end, Bella decided to return home, parting ways with Justin for a short while.
Moreover, they had made all the preparations. She needed to return to plan for a good show.
After bathing together at night, Bella sat in front of the mirror in her robe while Justin stood behind her, patiently blowing her hair dry. His fingers gently kneaded between the threads of her hair, easing her fatigue.
"Wow... Your skills are decent."
Bella closed her eyes and sighed in pleasure, her toes curling inward. "If you're not a company president, you could consider switching careers to become a masseur. I']] definitely be your customer."
"It seems like Ms. Bella is satisfied with my service."
Justin gently combed his fingers through her hair, leaning down to kiss her ear softly, trailing down, causing her skin to blush wherever his lips went. "Tonight, will you be willing to tip?"
Bella's face was red from his teasing. A tingling sensation spread throughout her body, making her tremble.
"Hmm..."
Her shoulders trembled slightly, and her voice carried a hint of pleading. "Spare me tonight. I still have to depart early tomorrow. Many things are waiting for me at home, so don't exhaust my energy. My back is still aching."
Justin's eyes curled into a charming smile. He kissed her rosy cheeks and said, "Okay. When you come back, you must reward me."
After changing into their pajamas, they lay on the bed. Bella rolled over into Justin's arms, and he immediately held her tightly.
"Bella."
"Yeah?"
"When you're not too busy, can you make another suit for me?" Justin asked tentatively.
###chapter1072
That ruined suit had been sitting in his wardrobe, cherished. He would not let anyone else touch it.
However, Justin still wanted to ask Bella for new clothes. He saw it
as a blessing to start fresh with her, symbolizing a new beginning. “Do you really like the clothes | made?”
Bella blinked, scratching his chin. “I can do that, but if it's not to your taste, don’t force yourself to wear it. | don’t want you to do anything you don’t want to for my sake, even if it’s just a suit.”
Justin felt a lump in his throat, and his eyes suddenly stung.
After falling silent, he suppressed the surging emotions and said hoarsely, “I’ve always loved it. But | was stubborn and foolish at that
time, unwilling to admit or express it. Bella, | know I’m too gr
but
| still hope for a chance to repent from you.”
“It's not that serious. It’s just a suit.”
Bella’s tone was light. She did not want to dwell on past grievance
When I'm free, I'll make one for you.
Justin’s eyes reddened. He wanted to say something, but no words
came out.
He could only flip over and press down on her, kissing her soft lips as
their fingers intertwined passionately.
Chapter)
Early in the morning, Asherisenhbaccardo pick Bella up and send her
back to Hatchbay.
Justin wanted to send her off, but Boelia insisted on having him rest properly and wait for her to return. He watched the Rolls-Royce drive away yeluctantly, standing in place for a long time and unwilling to leave Bella had just left for a few minutes, but he had already started
missing her.
“Oh my, | came out to take out the trashlands saws a statue from far away. It frightened me!” Wilma patted off the dust on her hands and walked overwith a
playful expression.
gustin finially came to his senses and asked in confusion, What atatue? Where?”
l'stlagfight in front of me-a statue waiting for his wife!”
sustina face blushed, and he was at a loss for words.
hen Bellallar arrived at Yara Park, Wyatt was not home. He would onl
turn at nightght.
er three stepenotothers were not around as well, so she could only napp
her room out ad di boredom.
he slept until the afternoon. Soon after she woke up, she received aa
all from Simoron.
Cnacn 10/2
“Ms. Bella, Shannon indeed contacted me.”
His tone was obviously excited. “She had finished the drugs | gave Bethany last time. Also, according to your instructions, | did not give her the drugs directly this time. I’m still holding it over her head.”
“If she continues to go without the drugs, will she.sho withdrawab mM sygnororn Iike+ ontinence?” Bella yawned and stretched. 
“Yes. She will experience urinary and fecal incontinence.”
Simon smiled coldly. “When | talked to her, | got the sense that her body couldn't take i nymors tt seems the withdrawal gy Ooms were severe. Also, she said she would attend the horse racing event with Chairman Salvador this weekend in Savrow. She hoped to see 
me there so | could give her the drugs.”
“Oh? Was Gregory feeling gracious, letting that bitch out of the cage?” Bella sneered sarcastically. “After all, they are not divorced yet. A man with great status, like
Chairman Salvador, would care for his image. He knows how to
private matters within the family. He would bring Shannon, even if just for show.”
“If it's for show, there must be a climax.”
Bella rolled her eyes as an idea popped into her head. ‘Simon, eal Skaanon enlikell ng you agree to her request. You will give her the 
drugs in the horse racing event.” 
###chapter1073
Bella’s three stepmothers had gone out on a shopping trip, visiting trendy high-tea places before returning to Yara Park, fully satisfied.
In the eyes of outsiders, the three women stood on awkward grounds. The people speculated that there was a power struggle between them, but the three women got along well and were as close as sisters. Sometimes, even Bella felt jealous when she witnessed their sisterly bond. Wyatt had probably saved the galaxy in his past life to be rewarded with three women wholeheartedly devoted to him in this life.
“Hey! You guys didn’t bring me along with you! I’m angry now.”
Bella sat on the swing in the garden, her feet swaying on the ground looking like a teenage girl.
“Oh, our baby, it’s not that we don’t want to bring you!”
Sasha came from behind and looped her arms around Bella’s neck, gently coaxing, “You didn’t inform us about your sudden return. If we knew you were coming, we would wait for you at home no matter what, unless Wyatt broke his legs or something.”
Bella’s lips twitched.
Mila’s and Celeste’s expressions were stiff. “Sasha, stop talking. You’re cursing Wyatt!” “Oh, did I? If anything happened to Wyatt, where would | find another reliable long-term source of income?” Sasha put her hands on her Chaptei 1073
hips and laughed maniacally.
The other three women were speechless.
23
Fortunately, Wyatt was not present Otherwise, he might really get a stroke.
“Since we are free today, we thought of bringing Celeste out to relax.” Mila held Bella’s hand and explained softly.
“It's my fault. I'll prepare a table of your favorite dishes as an apology.” Celeste doted on Bella more than her daughter. Seeing that she was unhappy, Celeste quickly turned around and headed to the kitchen.
“Aunt Celeste, don’t! | was just kidding!”
Bella hurriedly stood up and stopped Celeste, holding her arms as she pouted. “Why are you so easy to tease?”
She felt distressed looking at how Celeste downplayed herself and had low self-esteem.
It was too exhausting to live so cautiously.
“Aunt Celeste, how are you doing recently? Do you feel better?” Bella asked gently. “Bella, don’t worry about me. I’m fine. It’s all over.”
Celeste caressed Bella's smooth hair and asked with concern, “What
about you? What trouble did you cause outside? Your father was worried since you hadn’t come home for a long time. He couldn't eat properly and lost weight.”
Cluppa 1073
“Exactly! He didn’t even have m ap etite for Celeste’ 6ddkiny, Get NN Gtadosteoom to read the latest 
You can see how much your father misses you.” Sasha echoed. Bella felt a little guilty, but her expression remained unchanged.
“Bella, | heard Wyatt calling yout
ey and he sed his Vole. Did Visit
GfeNook.com to read the latest 
you two get into an argument?” Mila was curious.
“Not really...”
“Really? Since that day, Wyatt has been walking around with a cloud of storms over his head. When he headed out this morning, he looked pissed!” Sasha had chills when she thought of it.
“Yeah, Bella. What happened? Your dad doesn’t usually get this. angry.” Celeste was worried.
Bella pursed her lips and took a oc
breath, saying. werd py ward-gbt Bsbiacydther with Justin.” Visit
to read the latest 
The world became silent. 
###chapter1074
After a while, Bella’s three stepmothers nodded simultaneously. “No wonder. Your dad is already showing some grace by not blowing up the Salvador residence or skinning Justin alive.”
They could not prod further as the butler hurriedly reported at this. time, “Ms. Bella, Chairman Thompson is back. He wants to meet you. in the study.”
“Got it.”
Bella took a deep breath and was about to walk when her three stepmothers expressed their intentions to go with her, afraid that Wyatt would go overboard.
www. In the study, Wyatt sat on the sofa with a grim expression, dri g
coffee.
When the father and daughter met up, they would usually banter tease each other. It was usually lively and warm and rarely so suffocating.
“| want to talk to Bella alone. Why did you three come?”
Wyatt unhappily glanced at his three wives, putting the coffee cup on the table heavily. “She’s an adult now with dignity. Can | still spank her like when she was young? Even if | had to get physical, | would smash that bastard’s head into pieces first!”
When Bella heard his words, her face instantly turned cold. Chap 1074 2D}
“Wyatt.” Mila was worried that Bella would be scolded, so she stood. out and spoke for Bella. “Although Justin had done ridiculous things, he regretted his past actions and was willing to risk his life to protect Bella many times. He really loves her with his life.”
“Risk his life? What do you mean? Did Bella encounter any danger?!” Wyatt instantly tensed, his body leaning forward. “Bella...”
“I'm fine. What could have happened to me? Aunt Mila was exaggerating.” Bella quickly interrupted.
It was not that she did not want Wyatt to know how much Justin loved and doted on her.
However, she was afraid Wyatt could not accept it. He would drown in panic and fall ill, and she would die of guilt.
Bella had already lost her mother. She could not lose her father as well.
Moreover, Bella knew that, among the family, she was the one Wyatt loved the most.
Wyatt slowly relaxed on the sofa, staring at her with his eagle-like, sharp eyes. “I don’t care what tricks Justin used on you or methods to pursue you!
“Bella, I'll say this here and now. Even if that brat gave you his entire company as a wedding gift, | would never agree to you being with
him! Even if he gave you his life, it would still not be worth the pain he caused you and the three years of youth you wasted on him!”
Chap 1074
Wyatt was furious at the moment, going overboard with his words. However, everyone in the Thompson family knew that Bella was his
everything.
When Bella first started going to school, she attracted the jealousy of many girls in her class because of her doll-like appearance, which was popular among the boys.
Bella had a classmate who was spoiled by her family. That girl did not
like Bella and isolated her. Althou
she did net hurt Bella Ghysicwlly, Visit SReook.com to read the latest
the bullying did not stop. They tore her books, s her hais Blips, Lad’ ever outed irty water into her water bottle. 
Fortunately, Bella was smart and generous. The {Sans m were easily See I need and avoided, so she did not take it to heart. 
Afraid that Wyatt would be worried, Bella never talked about what happened at school. She was so sensible that it made the adults feel sorry for her.
Until one day, that girl sat behind Bella in class and cut off
Bella had grown for a long time.
When Bella came home with messy hair, Wyatt finally knew wha
of life his precious daughter had been living at school.
That day, the business tycoon’s eyes reddened, almost shedding
tears, but little Bella smiled brightly instead to comfort her father. 
###chapter1075
Chapter 1075
Later, Bella heard that the girl had dropped out of school in three days.
Her family’s business went bankrupt , and her father went to jail. Her mother knew they offended the Thompson family’s daughter and lived in constant fear, eventually passing away due to an illness.
From this, it was certainly considered a miracle that Wyatt had not done anything to Justin.
If Bella had not repeatedly told Wyatt not to act against Justin, Wyatt even had the intention to send assassins after that bastard!
Perhaps he did not even have to do it himself. Asher and Drew would have dealt with him long ago!
“Dad, in the end, I have a responsibility to bear for the failure of my marriage with Justin."
Bella spoke seriously without her usual playful tone, which made it evident that she was determined about her relationship with Justin. "I wanted to be with him too badly. I wanted him, so I forcefully married him, even though I knew he didn't like me. If it were you who had encountered this, could you open your heart to a woman you didn't love at all? Moreover, he was in love with someone else at that time."
"Bella! Are you out of your mind? Did he gaslight you? There are millions of good men in the world. Why are you so insistent on ruining your life for him?!"
Wyatt angrily slammed his palm on the coffee table, his eyes widening with fury. "I don't care who he had in his heart. He could refuse to marry you if he didn't like you! Since he married you, he must take responsibility as your husband! But what has he done? He has no place in the family as an illegitimate son, so he can't withstand the pressure from Nigel Salvador, giving up his love to marry a woman he doesn't love! I disdain such cowardly and pathetic behavior! He does not deserve to be your husband or my son-in-law!"
Bella's hands on her thigh gradually clenched into fists. She felt as if a heavy rock weighed down on her heart, causing her to suffocate.
"Dad, it's not what you think."
"Stop talking. I don't want to hear it! I want you to cut ties with him now! Sever all ties! Don't make me do it myself!"
Wyatt was furious and resolute. "Now that the news of your secret marriage and divorce has spread, you should not have anything to do with the Salvador family! How will people look at you if you're still entangled with your ex-husband?! They don't care if your affection is mutual. They will only think that my daughter has no choice but to go back to her ex after the divorce because nobody else wants her now!
Even if you don't care, are you also going to ignore the Thompson family's image?!"
"You know me. I never cared about others. Nobody can stop what I want to do, and nobody can come between me and the man I love." Bella's voice was powerful and as cold as ice.
"You!"
Wyatt felt a burst of anger rushing up to his head, and he suddenly blacked out. He quickly supported himself with the armrest, but his body was shaking.
"Dad... Dad!"
The blood drained from Bella's face. She immediately rushed forward, kneeling in front of Wyatt to steady his shaking body. "What happened?! Do you feel sick?"
"wyatt!"
His three wives were scared out of their wits, and they instantly came over to check on their husband's condition.
"Pm fine... Don't overreact." Wyatt closed his eyes and tried to suppress the intense headache, nearly unable to maintain his balance. "Dad! Lie down quickly!"
Bella and Sasha hurriedly laid him flat on the sofa while Celeste took out her phone, preparing to call the ambulance with eyes full of tears. Mila was much calmer, quickly taking two bottles of medicine from the drawer beneath the desk, pouring out a few pills, and feeding Wyatt. "Wyatt, take some medicine!"
Wyatt swallowed the pills and drank water. He laid down again, his deeply furrowed brow relaxing slightly.
###chapter1076
Chapter 1076
Bella took the pill bottle and looked closely. The next second, she covered her mouth in shock, tears overflowing.
“Cerebral infarction..."
“It's medication to treat cerebral infarction , developed by my family’s biopharmaceutical research center. Its annual production is limited, and even money couldn’t buy it."
Mila looked at Wyatt’s expression, which had a hint of pain, and she could not hide her distress. “Since the beginning of this year, this medicine hasn’t been able to control his condition. Actually , your dad had two episodes last year, which he relied on medication to get through."
“You... You all knew? Am I the only one who doesn’t?” Bella’s tears fell, and she was heartbroken.
“No. Asher and Axel didn’t know either. Your dad forbade us from telling his children, afraid that all of you would get worried and scared."
Mila squatted, taking out her silk handkerchief to gently wipe away the beads of sweat on Wyatt’s forehead. “Bella, don’t be mad with your dad.
He just loves you too much and is afraid of you getting hurt and looked down upon..."
“Looked down upon? Who dares?"
Sasha’s voice was hoarse, and her gaze was fierce. “Bella is the Thompson family’s princess. I'll dig out the eyeballs of anyone who looks down on her! I’1] cut off their tongues that spread rumors!"
Bella tightly held her father’s cold hand, her head hanging low.
She was unfilial.
She had failed as a daughter.
She did as she pleased, following Justin around the globe and neglecting her family. Moreover, she knew nothing about her father's physical condition.
How could she be like that?
At this moment, someone knocked on the door.
Mila regained her composure and walked to the door. "What is it?"
"Madam Mila, a guest has arrived. He's waiting outside," the butler respectfully said.
"Guest? Look at the time. Who could it be?"
"Mr. Christopher from the Iverson family."
Bella's gaze darkened, and she stood up slowly, bringing a gust of cold wind.
"Aunt Mila, stay here and take care of Dad. I'll greet him."
Bella walked out of Yara Park with heavy steps.
Under the exquisite lamp, Christopher waited there patiently alone. His shadow was elongated under the lights, and he looked gentle and warm, making people feel assured by his gaze.
No matter how Bella looked at him, he did not seem like a cunning and scheming villain.
Hearing the gates open, Christopher immediately looked up. His eyes, behind his gold-rimmed glasses, carried a hint of delight, and his curled lips were as warm as the sun.
"Bella."
He called out affectionately.
Bella's beautiful face was covered with a layer of frost as she walked to Christopher.
"Bella, I..."
"Do you need something?" Her tone was indifferent, without a trace of the closeness in the past.
Christopher felt a sting in his heart. His fingers twitched as his eyes were full of concern. "I bumped into Uncle Wyatt at an event today. He looked pale in the lounge and seemed to be in a bad state, but he forced himself to stay until the end of the event anyway. I couldn't rest assured after I got home, so I came to check on him."
###chapter1077
Chapter 1077 Bella’s eyelashes cast a shadow on her face. In the past, she would think Christopher was sincerely expressing his concern for her father, but she knows him better now. He had evil intentions. He dared to lay hands on Edward and Camilla. Surely, Wyatt was no different in his eyes. Christopher had always been a cruel man. However, he desired her. Before he possessed her and satisfied his desires, he was hesitant to harm her. “My dad is fine. He’s still alive and kicking at home right now.” Bella’s lips curled into a cold smile. “He doesn’t watch what he eats and has a weak digestive system, so he always gets stomach aches. He probably ate something he shouldn’t have eaten again. It’s You can leave.” “Is that so? But Uncle Wyatt’s complexion looked bad, and he migraine. It seems severe. Could it be a stroke...” “Mr. Iverson, are you cursing my father?”
1. Bella cut him off, a sharp light shining across her eyes. “Or are you trying to pry into my family?” “Bella, | didn’t. You misunderstood!” Seeing that she was angry, Christopher's eyes turned red with anxiety. He came forward and grabbed her arm. “I’m just worried about Uncle Chapter 1077 Wyatt... | only want to meet you!” ellai immediately shook him off as if she were stung by a scorpion. She staggered two steps back, putting distance between them. “But | don’t want to see you.” “Bella... What happened to you?” Christopher’s pale lips trembled slightly. His unease was tearing at his clenched heart. He wanted to approach Bella again, but the wariness in her eyes put him in a difficult position. “What happened? Can you tell me? Please tell me... Don’t treat me like this.” How innocent. Christopher’s eyes were pure and innocent, putting on a real act. “You want to know? Fine, then I'll ask you something.” Bella took a deep breath and gritted her teeth, her voice I need with coldness. “You know Maxwell, right? Does he work for you “Maxwell... Who is that?” Christopher blankly stared at her fu face. However, his shoulders, hidden under the well-fitted suit, were as a drawn bowstring.
He thought he was hiding it well. Even if Bella was cautious and thought about how he once developed his business in Sentania and had a close connection to the military in Terranova, she could not find anything substantial.
If they could not catch Maxwell, she would have no evidence to pin
Chapte 1077
him down.
However, he never expected her to question hi cirectly. BicksHe Kave! noitfasvirhim anymore? 
“Your various businesses in Sentania are booming. You have ties with
many powerful figures in Terranova, even the military, Maxwell is@ O m ieytenant dione! w o spent his early years in Sentania. Do you really 
not know him?” Bella crossed her arms and scrutinized him, full of suspicion.
Even her cold smile was so beautiful that it captivated his heart and soul.
“Bella, although | have some connections in Sentania, you demonized me too much. I’m not that influential.”
Christopher was anxious, his eyes filled with bloodshot desperation.
But if that person named Maxwell has troubled you or hurt Youd Gal gd rivloPhin fot you no matter what”
Bella listened to his sincere words and snorted. “Yeah, of co would want to get rid of Maxwell. You probably want him de than anyone else. As long as he lives, you won’t have peace o He’s like a ticking time bomb that could expose your dirty dee any moment.”
“Bella... How could you think that of me?” 
###chapter1078

Christopher had tears in his eyes. His lips were pale as he bit them.
He perfectly portrayed himself as a pitiful man who was misunderstood by the woman he loved. He was completely immersed in it, forgetting that the person who caused those deadly troubles for Bella was himself.
Bella stared at him, her calm eyes surging with complicated emotions underneath.
“What happened? Bella, can you tell me? What did I do to make you misunderstand me? You have to let me know!” Christopher kept asking, sweating all over.
The man, who was usually calm and restrained, seldom appeared so distressed.
Bella knew she would not get anything now. She only said these to warn Christopher and pressure him, seeing if he would expose himself after getting flustered . It was also a cruel way to tell him to give up on her.
It was impossible between them.
Even their friendship could not continue to exist.
“It’s fine if you don’t admit knowing Maxwell. What about Edward and Camilla?"
The burning anger made Bella’s shoulders shake uncontrollably. “How did you plot against them for your benefit in Sentania? Are you going to deny that too?"
“Bella, the people in my company did slander your brother-in-law, but when I realized he was your brother-in-law, I immediately ordered them to stop. But you know that I don’t own the company alone. Many of the shareholders had a lot to say. They were against it when I asked them to stop the plan. I’ve tried my best to suppress them, but I couldn’t stop all their little tricks!"
Christopher continuously explained in a hoarse voice, “Bella, please believe me! I love you so much... For fifteen years! How could I bear to hurt your family and make you sad?"
Bella merely looked at him. A suffocating silence spread between them.
After a while, she parted her lips. "Go back. If you won't, I will."
When she tured around, Christopher suddenly hugged her from behind. He pleaded, "Bella, don't leave me." "Let go of me! Don't touch me!"
Bella felt disgusted. She struggled to break free, and she felt her hair stand on end.
Christopher staggered back. His handsome face was stiff, and his gaze looked dismal.
"Christopher, I have a boyfriend now. Even if I don't have one, you shouldn't disrespect me like that!" Bella's repulsion and dislike for him were cruel and apparent.
"Ts it... Justin?"
Christopher's mind went blank, and his soul shattered. "You got back together with him?"
"Why can't I? To avenge me, he risked his life to arrest the criminals. To save me and my brother, he almost didn't make it back alive from Terranova. We were almost separated forever because of Maxwell."
Bella recalled how Justin fought a bloody battle for her, sustaining injuries all over his body. She choked up and said, "Why would I not want aman who sacrificed his life for me? Why wouldn't I love him?!
You should leave. I'll continue investigating Maxwell. Hopefully, it is as you said. But if you are the mastermind, Christopher, you know what I'm capable of. I will never show mercy to an unjust person, no matter who they are."
Seeing that she was about to disappear from his sight, Christopher sucked in a breath, his tears welling up in his eyes.
"Bella, my mother is severely sick."
Bella's footsteps halted, but she did not turn around.
"Her Alzheimer's has reached the late stage. She's rarely lucid now.
Eating has become difficult, and her limbs showed signs of paralysis.
During this period, I've rescheduled all my work to accompany her to the hospital. I've only made time to attend a few important events today." Christopher's eyes shone with tears, and he sounded guilty. "Bella, I neglected you to care for my mother these days. I couldn't help you with so many things that happened around you. I'm really sorry. If you're suspicious of me because of this, I'm sorry for disturbing you.
My mother can't even recognize me most of the time, but she keeps asking when she can see you. Although I know this is shameless, she can't hold on much longer. Can you please meet her once? Perhaps talking to you will be beneficial for her illness."
###chapter1079
Bella merely stood with her back facing him, not uttering a word. Just as she prepared to walk into the house with complicated. emotions, the gate opened.
“Aunt Mila...?” Seeing Mila walk out, Bella was shocked.
Mila smiled gently at her, then turned to look at Christopher with a calm face. “Mr. Christopher, my husband wants to meet you. Please
come in.”
“What did you say? Dad wants to meet him?!”
Bella’s eyes widened, and she tried to lower her voice. “He’s still sick... What's he up to?”
Mila felt helpless. “It's your dad’s instructions. I’m merely doing as he says.”
“Thank you for coming out to welcome me, Madam Mila.” Christopher lightly pushed his glasses as a hint of darkness flashed across his eyes. The corners of his lips curled up subtly. After Christopher entered Yara Park, Mila led him to the study to meet Wyatt.
In the Thompson family, guests usually went to the reception hall or small living rooms. After all, to a man, his study and bedroom were much more personal spaces. Chupt 1079
Throughout the years, except for Wyatt’s best buddy, Lance, no outsiders had entered his study.
Christopher was the second man to do so. It showed how much Wyatt valued this young man.
Bella sat on the sofa in the living room, her expression dark and gloomy.
“Bella, your dad has been getting closer to Christopher lately. According to what | know, he has met Chairman Iverson privately more than once.”
Mila held Bella’s cold hands. “I feel like your dad is serious about it.” “Serious about what?”
“To have a marriage alliance with the Iverson family.”
“Ha! In his dreams!”
Bella clenched her fists tightly, a cold rush of anger surging in her chest. “Not a chance while I’m still alive. They can consider it when I'm dead!”
“Bella! Don’t say such unlucky things!”
Dever
Mila’s brows furrowed deeply. She said solemnly, “I know you would marry Christopher. If you’re unwilling, Sasha, Celeste, and | will
do our best to convince your dad. We won’t let you marry someone
you don’t love and struggle in an unhappy marriage.”
“Wyatt's intention is not to have a marriage alliance. He just wants to tear me and Justin apart.”
Chap 1079
Bella closed her eyes in frustration and sighed. “As long as he could
stop me from getting together with Justin, Wyatt would do.apything) v1 knowtao Wel is‘ruthless determination to achieve his goals at any 
cost. Because | inherited this side of him.”
“Indeed. Among all the children inthe Thompson family gotretmdst ike
y dau.” 
Mila thought about it and asked concernedly, “Bella, must it be Justin?”
“It could only be him,” Bella said word for word without hesitation.
At this moment, her phone vibrated.
She lowered her head and looked at the name that popped up on the screen, her lips instinctively curling up.
Justin could not help longing for her
“| won't disturb your lovey-dove Src M
phone cal Ilfaoymstéits now.” Mil
it to read the latest 
stood up and left tactfully.
Bella pursed her lips, answering the call with a thumping heart. 
###chapter1080
“Bella, are you still not asleep yet?” Justin’s voice was deep and gentle, captivating her heart.
But somehow, it made Bella feel safe and reassured.
“I'm not sleepy.” Bella got up, walked to the balcony, and watched the moon as she felt the night breeze on her face.
“Was it because you left me and have nobody to hold you as your sleep?” Justin chuckled. “Pft, of course not! A man is not everything to me!” Bella’s face flushed, but her mouth remained stubborn.
“But Bella, you are my everything.”
Justin's sudden confession made her heart beat faster. The blood her body became increasingly hot, almost to the boiling point.
She missed him so much..
Bella could ignore it before the call, but once she heard his voice, her longing for him became relentless. “What were you busy with today?” She changed the topic.
“Except for breathing, | spent my time missing you.”
“Justin, although | like sweet words, this is becoming too corny.” Bella shrugged, feeling goosebumps form on her fair skin.
Justin finally got down to business. “There’s something | haven't told Chapter 1080
you. Today, the men | sent to Richmond sent news.”
“Richmond... You're looking for the maid who was bribed by Shannon to switch out your mother’s depression meds?!” Bella immediately
reacted and made the connection.
“Yes, I’ve always been looking for that person. However, she was cunning and careful, not living in the city area. She had also changed her name. The restaurant she ran closed down half a year ago. | heard that her husband had gambling debts, so their restaurant was used as collateral. My men searched through the whole of Richmond and finally found that maid in a village. She’s living in poverty now, abused by her husband, and her son joined a local gang, having been in jail for two years for theft. Her life was a total failure.”
“Serves her right. God is punishing her!”
Bella indignantly gritted her teeth and said, “Even if she lived worse than an animal, it could not make up for all the evil deeds she had done! Because of her greed, a life was lost. She should pay w
life!” “But before that, | must capture her and control her.”
At this point, Justin calmed down and took every step carefully. “An we have to do everything in secret. If Shannon or Bethany find out
about my plan, they might try to silence her.”
Bella nodded in agreement.
“Bella, how are things on your side? Your dad...”
“It's great. Everything's fine.” Bella forced a smile. “Really? But | feel like you have something on your mind.”
Justin’s heart was with her. Even
though the ph Se epuld CO m spisitiveliice bake e emotional
flutuations hidden in her tone. 
There’s nothing. Don’t overthink it
Hella took a deep breath and said gently, “Rest well and wait for me to Justin’s voice, tinged with a smile, reached her ears. “I’m always Waiting for you”
Hella and Justin chatted on the phone ofectionatey tely, ly, uqware €batlin the dark, Gh er stood stiffly, looking at her back. 
Christopher grilled his teeth and mummured, scree. on epi mind who yeucare vith Be ause soon, you will belong to me. Only me 
###chapter1081
Chapter 1081 Bella accompanied her family, taking Wyatt for medical checkups. while planning her next move in her head. Her father’s illness could not be ignored. After thinking about it, Bella
and her three stepmothers decided to inform Asher and Axel so they could visit Wyatt more often. After all, they were the eldest and
second sons. They should bear this responsibility.
Mila also summoned Arnold to diagnose Wyatt.
Bella was an unparalleled external surgeon, but Arnold was an expert
in neurology.
After several examinations, Arnold held the CT scan and patiently
explained the results to Bella and the others. The Thompson family
surrounded him, listening attentively
Only Asher stood at the outer edge and calmly looked upon Arnold.
The latter was wearing a white coat and had a stern expression as he explained the patient’s condition. His deep gaze gleamed with a gentle light, and the corners of his lips. lifted slightly, like a beautiful half-moon. Amold talked non-stop, and suddenly, he raised his eyes, accurately
glancing toward Asher’s direction.
Their gaze met in mid-air.
Asher’s breath hitched, and he quickly turned his gaze away, revealing
nothing on the surface. However, his heart was pounding hard.
Arnold stifled a laugh, then continued, “Don’t be nervous. Although
Chairman Thompson’s illness worsened compared to earlier years, it’s not as severe as you think. As long as he comes for a regular check-up every month, always has someone around him in case of an emergency, and takes his meds on time, it will be under control. In terms of diet, he needs to consume less sugar, salt, oil, and spice.
The blood density can increase his risk.”
After hearing the doctor’s words, the beautiful chef, Celeste, nodded repeatedly. She silently came up with new dishes in her mind.
“Damn... Those are all my dad’s favorite dishes.”
Axel smiled helplessly, “If he heard this, he would probably look disappointed. He is a picky eater.”
“He needs to restrain himself. He’s almost sixty, yet he doesn’t know how to take care of his health. | caught him secretly eating cake in the kitchen two times in the dead of the night! How is that the behavior of a business tycoon?” Bella crossed her arms, shaking her head.
“The most important thing is to keep the patient’s mind in a calm state. Don’t let his emotions fluctuate too much, let alone get angr Anger could deteriorate his condition. It’s bad for his liver,” Arnold
said sternly. The crowd had an understanding look.
Only Bella retreated into the shadows. Her lashes lowered as she felt an invisible hand squeezing her heart. Indescribable pain spread
throughout her. After the medical examination, Wyatt returned to Yara Park with his family.
In the living room, Wyatt was surrounded in the middle like a child. They stared at him as he took his medicine and ate the soup brought up by Celeste.
“Can | have some pickles? This is tasteless.” Wyatt swallowed the soup, feeling it was too bland.
His family said simultaneously, “No pickles!”
Wyatt was exasperated.
During dinner, Wyatt said gently to Mila, “Come with m tasthe horse!" raging weande e weekend. I'll ask Quentin to send the outfits to 
your room later, so you can pick. If you don’t like them, I'll send your more.”
“Wyatt, are you really going?”
Mila looked worried. “Your condition has just stabilized, and Arnold said you need to rest more. How about we skip it this year?”
“No. We must go.”
Wyatt was willing to relent regarding his diet but stood firm or business matters. “Although KS Group is already at the top in Hatchbay, we haven't fully established ourselves in Savrow yet. A very least, we're not as prominent as the Salvador and Iverson families.
“This is a rare opportunity to show our face. We must grasp. Besies) I've already es d to meet Lance there. | can’t back out!” 
Wyatt became the wealthiest person in Hatchbay because he was an opportunist. Bella perfectly inherited her father’s merits.
She could have gained fame by being Justin Salvador’s ex-wife, butshery) decideditedabzlothe World with her various identities, charming everyone with her charisma. 
“Wyatt, let me discuss something with you.” 
###chapter1082
Chapter 1082 Bella slowly took a sip of water. “Can you bring Aunt Celeste to the horse-racing event too?” Wyatt was stunned, totally not expecting Bella to make this request.
“Bella, | don’t go because | don’t like this kind of event. | feel uncomfortable when I’m in a crowded place. | don’t know how to speak and don’t understand social etiquette. Mila is the most suitable choice, or Sasha could go!” Celeste quickly tried to explain, her face turning red.
“The shopping malls are crowded too, but aren’t you quite happy there?” Bella exposed her..
“|...” Celeste’s lips turned pale.
“Wyatt, let Celeste go. | can’t be the one every year, or the media might start making up stories.” Mila seemed to sense Bella’s intentions and echoed her words.
Wyatt’s handsome brows furrowed, and he stared at Celeste bes
him, asking softly, “Celeste, are you unhappy?”
Celeste shook her head.
Wyatt held her slightly shaking hand under the table, caressing it gently in his palm. “You're always unwilling to attend public events. |
thought you disliked it, so | didn’t want to pressure you. You can tell
me any thoughts you have, and I will do my best to satisfy you.”
“Wyatt, | really don’t.” Tears shone in Celeste’s eyes, almost falling.
Seeing Celeste so helpless and flustered, Wyatt felt upset.
After so many years, he thought he had healed Celeste’s inner
wounds and led her out of the shadows.
However, deep within Celeste’s heart, the shadows of her youth still
haunted her. She merely pretended to be normal to put him at ease.
In the end, Wyatt decided to take Celeste, ordering Quentin to prepare an outfit that matched her personality overnight. To this point, everything was under Bella’s control. “Bella.” After the dinner, Celeste caught up to Bella, asking hesitantly,”
Why do you insist on me attending this year?”
“Aunt Celeste, you can’t just hide forever, becoming an invisible
person. It’s too cruel and unfair to you. You were once so beautiful
and dazzling. The media praised you as the desire of all men in the country!” Bella stared at her passionately.
Thinking of the once-dazzling and famous celebrity who bec ordinary housewife, Bella felt bitter. Celeste believed that Wyatt had saved her and that the Thomps
had accepted her. Therefore, she was willing to work hard for the
family without a word of complaint.
“That was all in the past. My boss flatters me.”
Celeste’s eyes dimmed, forcing a smile. “I never thought | was.
superior. It's just that | know how to sing and act. It’s my job, like any
Chapter 1082 ordinary worker.”
“No matter what it’s like in the pe
you cant pe|qothered 6y\the visit Sfeook.com to read the latest
shadows of the past now. You ne
to break free Of itbeavely￥du're Visit SteBook.com to read the latest
not just our elder but also Amelia’s mother. You need to be strong to act as a role model for your daughter!”
Bella’s words reached Celeste’s heart.
Thinking of Amelia, Celeste felt a surge of strength throughout her veins, and the fog in her heart dissipated.
“Yes... |am too weak. | am a mother now, so | should be strong for my child.” Celeste smiled shamefully.
“Also...” Bella held her hand, roast closer ‘9 hen qari arta éAckled Visit
SRebook.com to read the latest 
softly. “Just wait for the big gift I've prepared for you.” In Savrow, Justin sent someone to monitor the actions of the maid
who killed his mother without alerting her. 
###chapter1083
On the other side, Justin blocked the news of Winston’s medical parole, and the criminals who assaulted Winston were under his control.
Today, lan received a phone call from the prison warden. “Mr. Salvador has great foresight! Someone has been secretly checking on Winston's condition for the past few days. I’ve followed your
instructions and spread the news that Winston has died from the assault.”
lan told the warden. “Good job. Mr. Salvador will reward you.” Then, he relayed the news to Justin.
Justin sat in his office, his gaze fixed on his new phone wallpaper seemingly in a daze. The screen showed a cute picture of Bella sitting
on their balcony, bathing in the sun with a bare face.
His thin lips curled up dotingly, and his eyes were filled with tenderness as he lightly caressed his lover's face with his ertips. “Wow... Young Madam is so beautiful. Anyone would be ch
her!” lan leaned forward behind Justin, craning his neck and s Bella’s picture with shining eyes.
“Yeah, she’s so beautiful...”
Wait a minute!
Justin suddenly returned to his senses and quickly set down his. phone. He glared at lan coldly. “Who allowed you to see it? Stop Chap 1083
leaning forward.”
“Hehe, everyone loves beauty.” lan straightened his back, scratching his head awkwardly.
“Love?” Justin’s expression sank, and his gaze carried murderous intent.
“Ahem... | mean admire and respect!” lan was frightened. He almost slapped himself to prove his innocence.
Justin then asked lightly, “What's the matter?”
Oh, did the mighty president not even take in a word he said just now? lan could only repeat himself.
Justin did not have much of a reaction after listening to it. After all, everything was in his control.
“If Shannon thinks Winston is dead, she will let down her guard and think she has nothing to worry about. That way, she will expose
herself.”
lan nodded heavily in agreement.
After hesitating, he could not help but ask, “Mr. Salvador
miss Young Madam so much, why don’t you visit her in Hate
long as you go to her, she will definitely see you. | believe Youn Madam misses you too.”
A burning desire surged in Justin’s heart, and for a second, he eve had the urge to find Bella immediately.
However, he suppressed it, shaking his head lightly. “Forget it. She
Chap 1083 3/3
rarely goes home to accompany her family. | don’t want to take away the time she can spend with them. Moreover, if | go, it will alarm Chairman Thompson. | think that Chairman Thompson would not want to see me for now.”
Looking at Justin’s humble stance, lan felt distressed, but there was nothing he could say.
Perhaps Justin wanted to comfort himself, but he took a deep breath
and clenched his fists, whispering, ‘It's okay. Lbofieyg (gan bvetedrd lal obstaclés‘with Bella. We have a long way to go.” 
After knowing that Winston had died, Bethany was so excited thatshe m dapcodarGuntrirthe villa, frightening all the servants. They thought 
she inherited her mother’s madness.
With such great news, Bethany naturally had to claim merit from Shannon immediately. “Really?! Is Winston really dead?!”
The mother and daughter locked their door, not even daring to t
the lights. They sat in the darkness as they chatted excitedly, |
rats in the dark sewers.
“He's dead! The prison warden saj
so, It capi bpyiongy Great. It’s
g at 
###chapter1084
Shannon held Bethany’s hand in her palm, praising her, “Bethany, you're indeed the most capable and sensible daughter! You did great in this matter. | need to thank you!”
“Mom, do you remember what you promised me?” Bethany asked with a cold voice.
Shannon fell silent in the dark. She got up and walked to the bedside table, took a leather envelope from the drawer, and threw it to
Bethany.
Bethany immediately took it, holding it in her arms like a treasure. Mom, what is this?”
“You can look at it alone afterward.”
She could not wait a minute longer!
Bethany immediately stood up, walking toward the door without another word.
“Wait a minute.” Shannon suddenly called out.
“Mom, do you have anything else?”
“| don’t understand. What do you get from ruining your sister’s marriage?”
Shannon looked at her coldly, with disdain and confusion. “Was it just because Ryan didn’t fancy you, so you did it out of spite? Even if you separated them, Ryan would never like you, and you would not marry
into the Hoffman family.”
“Ha... You're right. | did it out of spite.”
Bethany gripped the leather envelope in her hand tightly, the corner of
her mouth twitching as her face twisted. “Don’t we all live to be better
than others? What have | done wrong?”
The ones in the wrong were Carrie and Ryan!
After returning to her room, Bethany immediately opened the leather
envelope and took the document inside.
It turned out to be the medical report of Carrie, stating that she was diagnosed with autism. Bethany’s eyes shone with a vicious light, and she laughed
maniacally.
One had to know that this diagnosis report was considered top-secret by the Salvador family. After all, family secrets should be kept within the family.
be willing to let outsiders know that their child suffered fro
developmental disorder? People from wealthy families care
most about their image.
would
If this diagnosis report fell into the Hoffman family’s hands, C would be delusional to dream of marrying Ryan.
Logan only had one grandson, and Ryan was his appointed heir who would carry the Hoffman Group’s future. How could he accept an autistic granddaughter-in-law?
Bethany’s hands shook from the excitement. She picked up her phone and called Zoe.
“What do you want now?” Zoe dragged out her lazy, tongascif shel | oguldniotSpe hér mouth. She was probably applying a facial mask. 
Bethany smiled coldly. “Are you free tomorrow? | ea ta.show youO 11) spinething: $ kaKing that's enough to crush Carrie's dream of 
marrying rich.”
Zoe mocked sarcastically, “Oh, you really never ee ired oF tying t@) m spew your d ister. Although | hate Carrie, | don't hope for you to 
marry into my family as well. You’re wicked, even if she was your
blood relative. If you became my sister-in-law and decided that you
didn’t like me, wouldn’t you do everything in your power to harm me?
I'm scared.”
“Ha, same goes for you. Your concern is my concern. I'll take it as a
compliment.” Bethany rolled her eyes.
“Let's put aside whether Carrie could marry into our family. I'm about to become your legitimate sister-in-law soon!” Zoe hummed a song, feeling incredibly joyful. “Start prepa wedding gift for us.”
“Are you really going to marry into our family? Is Justin willing?” Bethany was doubtful.
“You'll come to the horse racing event, right?” Zoe smiled
mysteriously. “You'll find out when you're there.” 
###chapter1085
The annual grand event arrived as expected.
Every year, not only the country’s wealthy and aristocratic families
would attend the horse racing event, but it would also attract full
media coverage on various platforms, and even the royal families of
neighboring countries would participate. It was a grand spectacle.
The venue to hold the horse racing event would be hosted by different families each year. This year, it was the Iverson family.
They chose to hold the horse racing event at the Iverson family’s newly built racecourse, which had not been officially open to the
public. Lance was overjoyed.
Was there a better blessing than this? Was there a more hard-core
publicity stunt?
He killed two birds with one stone!
On the Salvador family’s side, as Nigel was getting old and had
mostly retired, he seldom attended such events. Therefore, Gr would take Shannon to the racecourse today while Justin went al When it was almost time to depart, Bethany hurriedly ran out with high heels and a sexy, tight-fitting pink dress.
Gregory scrutinized her inappropriate outfit, which seemed too
exaggerated. He shook his head. “The racecourse is an outdoor environment. Your dress is so short. How will you handle yourself
Chap 105
when the wind blows?”
After that, he turned around and went into the car first, ignoring Shannon and Bethany. Bethany was pissed off, but she did not dare to show it on her face.
After all, this opportunity was hard to come by, and she could not enrage Gregory. Shannon was about to enter the car when Bethany nudged her,
whispering, “Mom, did you wear that?”
“Yes.” Shannon looked embarrassed.
Before she wore it this morning, heaven knew how long she had to
prepare herself mentally. She wore an adult diaper and felt humiliated.
She was the lady boss of the Salvador Corporation! She was not even
that old, but she had to use adult diapers. How disgraceful!
“Mom, did you bring extra? Your urinary incontinence is severe now.
How would a piece be enough?” Bethany was worried.
“How could | bring it? Where would | put such a big thing? You're
really unreasonable since it didn’t happen to you!”
Shannon gritted her teeth, her face red. “The wealthy ladi would carry a purse at most. I'll be a laughingstock if | bring backpack! One piece is enough. | can just drink less water. M
once | endure today, | will never wear this shit again!”
After saying these words in frustration, Shannon entered the car.
Bethany sat alone in another car, pondering Shannon’s words.
Chapter 1095 What did she mean by saying that she would only need to endure it today?
Suddenly, Bethany thought of something.
At 10:00 a.m., it was bustling at East Meadows Racecourse.
The number of people joining the horse racin ED. was,douktechat | ar pres Net exceeding the organizer's expectations. 
The best seats in the second-floor VIP area were reserved for the four
prominent families-the Salvadors, lversons, Hoffmans, and
Thompsons from Hatchbay.
Many young ladies held binoculars, glancing at the VIP area with envy.
Some of them wanted to sneak into the VIP area, but security was
tight there. None of the people who were not from the four families or were guests of the four families could get close.
“Bethany and Zoe merely got lucky to be born into those families. lA terms of tqrpRereretartd Appearance, they could not compa the young masters at all!” 
“Indeed! Among so many young ladies, the only one who truly impressed me was Ms. Bella from the Thompson family.”
“| agree. Not only was Bella from a noble background, but she was also the general Rene) of khotatand ' alidteMhationally renowned jewelry designer! What else does Zoe and Bethany know apart from flaunting their figures?” 
###chapter1086
“Without their prestigious family background, they’re nothing more than the dust beneath Ms. Thompson’s designer heels!”
“Even with a thousand disguises, she’s still nothing more than a divorced woman, discarded by the Salvador family.” One of the affluent ladies sneered with jealous undertones.
The two young heiresses exchange a simultaneous eye roll at the
lady’s remarks. “Ms. Thompson is the only legitimate daughter of Chairman Thompson, making her a true heiress of nobility. | guess
people like you just can’t stand seeing others succeed!”
“| can’t believe people are still clinging to outdated notions that divorced women are tarnished goods in this day and age. For affluent
and influential women, marriage seems more like a burden than anything else!”
“Exactly! And did you see that interview? Justin openly admitted his infidelity. Who on earth would keep such a man around? Ms. Thompson must have broken up with him!”
The lady seethed with pent-up frustration, unable to voice her
After enduring many hardships, Bella’s admirers in Savrow were multiplying by the day.
Gifted, compassionate, and strikingly beautiful, Bella was adored by
all.
As the host of the event, the lversons made their entrance first.
Chap 1086
Following closely behind were the Salvadors, with Gregory and his wife Shannon stepping forth hand in hand before the gathered media, dispelling rumors of their fractured marriage with their long-awaited
unity.
Bethany followed suit behind them, her chin held high and her demeanor radiating confidence. Any place with many cameras instantly became her personal stage, as she carried herself as if she were a star walking the red carpet.
Unfortunately, not a single camera turned her way.
All attention remained fixed on Gregory and Shannon, leaving Bethany feeling like her efforts were in vain. As the saying goes, even bad publicity is still publicity!
With no positive reputation to speak of, Bethany’s reputation was as rotten as Shannon's.
What a disappointment.
“Why hasn’t Mr. Salvador arrived yet? We've been waiting since forever!” complained one infatuated female reporter.
“How could he not come? Let's just be patient and wait a little long “Today, members from all four prestigious families will be present. Damn... It’s going to be quite a scene!”
Some journalists eagerly adjusted their equipment, preparing not to miss any sensational moments. “Bella will definitely be here, and Zoe
too. It’s going to be a showdown between these two women, with one being the ex-wife and the other being the rumored lover. How will Mr. Salvador handle it? Just thinking about it gives me goosebumps and
makes my hair stand on end!”
“Remember when Ms. Thompson organized the funeral for the helper from the Salvador household? Mr. Salvador openly declared in front oof all the reporters that he belonged to Ms. Thompson. Isn’t that a
bblatant confession from his end?” 
###chapter1087
“Someone? Who?” Liam frowned.
“Who else could it be? It's Shannon’s second daughter, Carrie, the Salvadors’ youngest daughter.”
Zoe seized the opportunity to playfully tease. “Lately, Ryan hasn't
even been coming home. He’s out there with Ms. Carrie, building their little nest, glued to each other every day. Last time, when Mom wasn't
feeling well and went to the hospital, it was me who accompanied
her. People say that when a man marries, he forgets about his
mother. But my brother hasn’t even married Ms. Carrie yet, and he’s
already forgotten about Mom and me.
“Zoe, maybe you should tone it down a bit.” Claire gently reprimanded
her from the sidelines.
Claire was not particularly speaking up for Carrie but was just worried that Logan might criticize her son.
Liam chuckled. “Ms. Carrie must be quite a beauty. | know Ryan we He has never been this serious about any girl before. It seems M Carrie has captured Ryan’s heart.”
“Shannon's daughter, capturing my grandson’s heart? What the hell are you thinking?!”
Logan’s eyebrows furrowed deeply, and his cane struck the ground heavily. “They’re living together before marriage? Is this the conduct expected of a young lady from a respectable family? Shannon’s
notorious reputation seems to have tainted her daughter’s upbringing ; well!” lad, you don’t need to worry too much about Ryan.” am chuckled softly, his words tinged with a hint of smugness.” ter all, Ryan’s a guy. He won’t be at a loss.” 1. Hoffman felt somewhat reassured upon hearing this. be’s eyes flashed with a hint of dark amusement.. ? matter how much Ryan loved Carrie or wanted to many her, as ng as she was Shannon’s daughter, she would never set fart in the offman family! ist then, the journalists on both sides exclaimed. Mr. Salvador has arrived!” ‘s really Justin! Justin’s here!” | eyes turned toward the entrance, and the clicking sound of the amera shutters filled the air. pe’s excitement was evident as she eagerly gazed toward ther id of the red carpet. here stood Justin, alone in a sleek black suit. His strikingly andsome face exuded an aloof and cold demeanor, like the
how atop a mountain. His sparkling eyes radiated a chilling aura ominance. His every move emanated an air of arrogance that sserted his superiority.
was this icy coldness that captivated and drove countless women madness.
That includes Zoe.
“Zoe, let's go. What are you doing there?” Mrs. Hoffman lightly tugged at her daughter, urging her in a low voice.
“Mom... He’s so handsome...”
Zoe stared at Justin with a dazed expression, almost drooling.’ Justin... | like Justin so much. | want to be his woman...’
That night, in the dimness of the hotel room, she had the opportunity
to embrace this man when she was completely naked. Through the fabric of his suit, she could still feel the firm and
perfectly toned muscles of his body, radiating an irre ele ua alidrel At that'th , every nerve in her body tingled, and her mind 
went blank.
After that night, she fantasized
countless times Imagiging weing 11) picinedddtih ei envisioning those scenes that made one 
blush and their heart race.
She really wanted him so badly, to the point of driving herself crazy! “Hurry up and compose yourself. Don’t make a fool out of
How can a young lady like you lack any modesty?” Claire ex
her discontent.
“Modesty? Hmph... What’s the use of modesty? As long as | can h this man,
I'm willing to sacrifice my dignity!” Zoe muttered fiercely
her eyes filled with desire.
Claire frowned, not quite catching what Zoe was muttering. “Zoe, what are you murmuring about?”
“Mom, you should head in Woreh iil to wait here for dustin Wari Visit
SfeBook.com to read the latest 
to go in with him.” 
###chapter1088
Zoe was as cunning as a fox. She would not miss any opportunity to appear alongside Justin.
she could enter the venue with him, it would create a buzz in the media and make all the women envious. Moreover, people might perceive her as Justin’s companion.
Justin always appeared alone without a female companion, no matter the occasion. Even during his three-year marriage to Bella, he never appeared publicly with his wife.
If Zoe could seize this opportunity it would be a clear message to everyone-she held a special place in Justin's heart. What a man said was not important. It was his actions that mattered!
Once this misunderstanding took root, there would inevitably be a crack in his and Bella’s relationship. That was when Zoe could take advantage of the situation even more easily.
As Zoe calculated the situation in her mind, she watched Ju approach her. Her heart raced, and her cheeks flushed. “Justin...” However, Justin remained expressionless as usual, his handsom features even taking on a chilling aura.
Though it seemed like he was looking at her, his gaze actually passed right over her, focusing on something beyond her, into the distance.
Chap 1088 2/4
It was as if Zoe was nothing but air!
Zoe gritted her teeth in frustration, clutching her skirt as she walked
toward him.
Suddenly, someone in the crowd exclaimed loudly, “The Thompsons
have arrived!”
Justin felt as if every drop of blood in his body had suddenly come
alive, and he immediately turned his head, his spirits soaring as he eagerly anticipated the sight. A top-of-the-line Lincoln limousine stopped at the center of the red
carpet.
The door opened, and Asher, dressed in a morning suit, gracefully stepped out first. Then, like a gentleman, he took his sister’s hand, which was extended to him. He led the princess into the public eye.
Even though everyone present knew they were siblings, they could not, help but exclaim repeatedly in amazement.
The combination of the handsome man and the beautiful woman was so striking that even a casual photograph would become a timeless classic!
Justin felt the world around him grow tranquil, as if everything els had faded away. In his profoundly affectionate gaze, there existed only his beloved at the moment.
Justin stared blankly at the scene, his heart tinged with bitterness, inexplicably indulging in a fit of jealousy toward Bella’s eldest brother.
Chap 1888
When would Justin be able to do the same, confidently holding her hand and proclaiming to the world that they belonged to each other?
Today, Bella’s outfit stood out, a departure from her usual chic demeanor characterized by her bold red lips and impeccably tailored suits. Instead, she chose a cornflower blue chiffon dress, complemented by a matching floral hat, radiating elegance while retaining her charm, reminiscent of a noblewoman.
She appeared as radiant as the clear blue sky. Her slightly curved almond eyes sparkled with warmth and approachability.
“Wow... So gorgeous! She exudes nobility and iisnshen: dys like aroyal prinesss!"@xc ime A rail as they watched Bella approach. 
“Mr. and Ms. Thompson’s attire mirrors the style seen at horse racing events, a ent ofthe attire) m1 fayorechbVth Ligh royal family It’s evident that the Thompsons are well-versed in various settings, paying attention to details and displaying refinement. Look at 
Bethany and ue Hoffman. You can tell they haven ttendgdsuchO aa seeesnnenee heir dresses are dragging, completely out of sync 
with the ambiance of the racecourse!”
“You're right! It's evident at a glance that Ms. Thompso everyone else!”
These remarks reached Zoe’s ears, leaving her feeling utterly
frustrated.
She had painstakingly chosen her outfit for today’s event weeks advance, only to be outdone by Bella! Ss
What was even more unbearable for her to accept was that, at this moment, Justin was completely ignoring her and heading straight to
Bella. 
###chapter1089
Chapter 1089 Just a moment ago, Justin’s gaze toward Zoe was icy and distant. But the instant he laid eyes on Bella, his expression softened, like the first thaw of ice and snow, radiant like spring sunshine.
Zoe had known this man for many years, and even when she was just a child, his treatment of her, though gentle, was always distant.
This showed just how unique and significant Bella was in his heart.
Zoe felt her teeth clenching. Her eyes burned with jealousy as she
watched Justin approach his one true love.
Bella was not oblivious to the man approaching her.
Being taller than everyone else, Justin’s presence immediately drew
everyone's attention as he made his way over.
“Bella, that guy's coming for you,” Asher whispered in her ear, his typically serious tone now laced with playful banter. “Why bother with him? Let's just pretend we didn’t see him.”
Bella pouted with frustration, her heart pounding intensely. “We agreed to keep things low-key today and not cause any trouble. Ww
won't he listen?! He used to hang on to my every word like it was law. But now he’s completely changed! What a deceitful liar!” Bella vented her frustration, hurling insults like “deceitful” and “liar”.
Asher could not help but suppress a smile at the scene, further confirming the age-old saying that sometimes criticism is a form of
Chapter 103) affection.
Meanwhile, Wyatt and Celeste had already linked arms and were walking down the red carpet amidst the astonished gazes of the
public.
Bella had discreetly tailored Celeste’s outfit for the horse racing event to fit her perfectly. Celeste’s outfit matched Bella’s in color but with a more refined and
tasteful design in the form of a tailored skirt suit. An additional layer of sheer fabric was added to her hat, partially veiling her graceful and charming features and exuding an elegant charm.
“Gosh, it's Wyatt Thompson! The big boss certainly lives up to his name. Despite his age, his demeanor and straight posture made him. look like he was in his early forties from the back!”
“He must have been a stunning heartthrob thirty years ago. | bet he’s just as impressive as Mr. Salvador! Besides, he has really great genes. All the young masters and misses of the Thompsons.
resemble him!”
“Exactly!”
“Shannon is so beautiful... I’m mesmerized by just looking at h
“Well, she outshone Shannon and became the leading actress on Channel for a reason.”
“It's a pity, such a pity! You young folks don’t know how popular Celeste was! If it weren’t for that incident that caused her to completely disappear from the entertainment industry, Shannon could’ve never surpassed her in a million years! Hmph! Shannon owes
her success to Celeste for giving her the opportunity!” Everyone nodded in agreement.
Celeste could not help but blush fa embarrassmantupendetiring fhe discGasioh; gripping Wyatt's arm tightly. 
“You're by my side now. What is there to fear?”
Wyatt glanced at her, his gentle and steady voice giving her immense courage. “Look, they’re all praising you. Besides, who dares to criticize my woman? Don’t they want to continue living a good life?” Celeste felt a twinge of emotions, lifting her gaze to meet her
beloved's, her voice slightly choked. “I'm just afr igo pebariissing JOU ASh @nd bal 
Wyatt’s breath hitched slightly, his hand moving to hold her delicate hand. “No. Don’t overthink it. It’s me who feels sorry for making you follow me around.”
Celeste lowered her head, simply shaking her head.
She knew she could never have all of this man’s love, nor could she become his favorite.
But ever since she entered the Thompson household, s felt. ene aggrigueccior E.dayShe new that if it were not for might have left the world long ago. 
###chapter1090
Celeste felt content, even feeling like she had received too much. The appearance of the Thompsons once again brought the whole scene to a climax.
And when Justin walked toward Bella, it further attracted everyone’s attention, with camera flashes flickering non-stop..
Wyatt glared coldly at his troublesome ex-son-in-law, so frustrated that he wanted to slap that bastard.
“Chairman Thompson, may | have the honor of entering the event with your daughter?”
Justin gazed deeply into Bella’s eyes, his heart racing with sincerity. “I hope Ms. Thompson can be my companion for the event.”
Bella tightly pursed her moist red lips, a moment of such embarrassment for her being quite rare.
“Mr. Salvador, there are many girls who would gladly be yr companion. Does it have to be my Bella?” Wyatt’s eye and his tone was stern, showing no leniency. “Yes, it has to be Bella.”
Justin’s breath hitched as he reached out to Bella. “The space
me is exclusively reserved for her and her only.”
sharp,
The crowd erupted in excitement upon hearing Justin’s confession Gosh, how sweet! It was almost sickeningly sweet!
Chap 1090
Zoe was too far away to discern Justin’s words, but witnessing the reporters’ excitement, she presumed that it was not something she
would fancy hearing anyway.
Wyatt looked grimly at Bella.
Bella was never one to flaunt herself, and she was still resentful toward Justin. So, she coolly began, “Mr. Salvador, | think you...” Before she could finish her sentence, Justin unexpectedly leaned in, boldly taking her hand.
Bella’s breath quickened, and in the next moment, Justin pulled her into his chest. His dominant and assertive posture was as if he were proclaiming to the whole world that Bella, the heiress of KS Group, was his woman.
“Let's go, Bella.” Justin’s eyes were filled with deep affection as he firmly held her hand. Blushing, she exclaimed, “You're so overbearing!”
“It's not being overbearing. It’s about creating opportunities fo myself.”
The man smirked and leaned in to whisper in her ear, “You mus noticed by now. I’m quite clingy.”
As the two outstandingly gorgeous individuals departed amidst th envy of thousands, even the enormous screen at the racetrack’s
entrance featured them..
“Look at them, Wyatt. They make such a perfect match!” Celeste could not help but admire the couple. Chapter 1090
“| don't see it!” Wyatt's face forenat with anger, (Mpls bastsidsHS isit
Sfeook.com to read the latest 
dare he take Bella away from me?! Does he have no regard for me?” “How can you say that he took her away when they’re mutually attracted to each other? Bella just wants to be with him and walk with
him.
Celeste advised earnestly, “Wyatt, as someone who's experiencedit, you | scour aha th aS what, you can't prevent two hearts that want to touch and embrace each other.” 
“All | know is that delayed affection is worth less than grass! A capable woman shouldn't go back to her horrible ex!”
Wyatt shook his head repeatedly. you realy oye Bella.y6u Shout Visit
Glehook.com to read the latest 
correct her ways. You should let her cut losses in time! In the past decade or so, | have allowed her to do whatever she wants, which has led to her suffering. | won't do that again in the future!”
Celeste dared not speak further, lest it make her seem like she did not
care for Bella. 
###chapter1091
Bella walked arm in arm with Justin, pouting and teasing, “You're quite daring, aren’t you?”
“If | don’t take risks, how can | win you over?” Justin responded with a tender gaze, his voice filled with affection. “The three things Wyatt despises the most are having his women, daughters, or both taken away from him.” Justin remained silent.
“Hmph! One day, you'll see what | mean. He holds grudges even
longer than me. He won’t forget what happened earlier. He won't let you off easily either.”
Suddenly, Bella’s tone became serious. “By the way, have you prepared everything?”
“Of course. | wouldn't dare to neglect anything arranged by vely wife,” the man replied softly.
Bella blushed. Just as she was about to retort, she noticed so
standing a few steps away, glaring at her with eyes akin to those furious deity.
It was Zoe.
Upon sighting this woman, Bella felt uneasy.
Although Bella had accepted Justin and was willing to trust him.
Chapté 1001
without dwelling on past grievances, the lingering rumors of his involvement with Zoe still pricked at Bella’s conscience like a thorn.
“Justin, I've been eagerly anticipating your arrival.” Zoe instantly switched to a charming demeanor, wearing a bright smile that exuded innocence and allure. Her voice was sweet and coy.
“Why were you waiting for me?” Justin’s cold gaze bore into Zoe. His expression was so serious that it unsettled her.
Nevertheless, she boldly continued, shamelessly spinning a tale. “We were about to enter together earlier, but when you noticed Ms. Thompson’s presence, you went to speak with her. That’s why I’ve been waiting for you. Justin... Did | do anything wrong to displease
you?” In an instant, Justin’s dark eyes grew even darker, his expression turning so grim that it could crush anyone.
Zoe’s heart raced with anxiety, but now she could not care less. As long as she could break them apart, she dared to say or do anything
vile!
Bella’s gaze flickered as she loosened her grip on Justin’s hand
str
However, just as her emotions began to waver, he interlocked his
fingers with hers, not even sparing a glance at Zoe. He swiftlys past her and coldly uttered, “Leave.” Zoe was overwhelmed with shame and anger, trembling with
resentment. Her face flushed like a tomato. ‘He told me to leave...
How could he?! He did it right in front of Bella, too! That despicable
woman!’
Chopper 1001 She glared fiercely at the couple’s departing backs as anger surged from her heart, fueling her resolve.
Upon entering the event area, Bella immediately shook off coe oa
eyebrovistiutédwed slightly as she turned her face away, refusing to look at him out of frustration. 
“What's wrong? Are you upset? Bella! Where are you going?!” Seeing Bella walk away without looking back, Justin hurriedly followed her, his heart filled with anxiety..
The two of them eventually came to a secluded corridor with no eke m around, Bella finailystopbedtin er take Her eyes were slightly red, and her rose-like lips seemed to lose some of their luster. 
“Why are you following me? Go and meet with your dearest woman, SShe’s waiting for you.”
SSensing that Bella must be angry about Zoe, Justin felt a mix of
? ffr stratign, helpesnedsartd u ency. He stepped forward and cambraced her from behind. “Bella, she’s just spouting make 
yyou believe them. She’s doing this to drive us apart. Plea bobilieve anything she says. I’ve never asked her to wait for Bella tited to break free from his embrace, but her attempts
fotildesso she eventually relented. 
###chapter1092
Chapter 1092 Actually, Bella did not believe a single word of Zoe’s nonsense, but she felt frustrated.
“| understand. | get it all. | know you still hold a grudge against me for what happened at the hotel. | know you're still upset about it.”
Justin recalled how he fell for someone else’s trap and caused Bella so much heartache. He could not bear the agony of it. “It's all my fault. | was too stupid and naive to let someone else manipulate me like that. It’s all my fault. You can hit me, but please don’t ignore me.”
His love for her was always so humble.. Besides Bella, no one else could humble the proud Justin to such humility. “You're smart enough.”
Bella sighed, turning away from his embrace to meet his gaze directly. “Even if you were trying to cheat on me, you wouldn’t be dumb enough to leave any evidence behind and attract s
attention from the media, would you?” Justin chuckled wryly. “Bella, please don’t mock me.” “Last time, you mentioned that you lost your composure beca me.”
“Someone sent me several photos of a woman who looked almos identical to you being taken into a hotel by another man. It completely threw me off. | was worried you might be in trouble, so | rushed over.”
Chap 1092 214
“Damn it! Do | look like the kind of woman who casually goes to hotels with random men?! Can't you think a bit more logically?” Bella
exclaimed in frustration and smacked him on the head.
“Yeah. Looking back at it now, | realize how dumb | was, blindly trusting the sender despite the glaring loopholes in the situation Justin rubbed his forehead, feeling a headache coming on.
“Later, you said that all the photos on your phone got deleted. At that time, | was too angry to believe you, but afterward, my brother and | discussed it, and he even tried it out. It's indeed possible to manipulate the photos on your phone. We just never did it ourselves.”
Now, there is only one thing that they cannot explain. Who was the woman who looked almost identical to her? Bella was dying of curiosity, wanting to meet her right away.
“I'll ask Ash and Drew to try and find out about that woman. With a face that beautiful, how could she possibly hide away and avoid everyone?” Bella pouted her rosy lips, subtly praising herself.
“Thanks, Bella. Thank you for believing in me.”
Justin pulled her into an embrace, his breath growing hea Eventually, unable to resist his desire, he sealed their conne a kiss. His large hand then gently supported her slender wa spun her around and pressed her against the wall.
“Mmm... Alright...”
Bella found herself breathless from his kiss, her heart in turmoil. With her hands pressed against his sturdy chest, she pushed him away with force. “My makeup is all messed up. There’s still business to
attend to later.”,
The news of Wyatt's arrival at the horse racing event with Celeste spread like wildfire throughout the venue.
Some bored, rich kids even placed bets on this trivial matter, only to be surprised and lose their money.
Meanwhile, Shannon sat in the audience, incessantly refreshing her Twitter feed.
Seeing Bella and Celeste trending, with everyone praising their beauty and outfits, she seethed with jealousy and frustration. Her eyes turned bloodshot, and her screen was nearly crushed in her grip. There was no mention of any scandals involving Celeste anymore. Instead, there was a flurry of admiration for her beauty, with some even suggesting that she outshone them all.
It had been nearly three decades. Shannon had used every means to
torment Celeste. She even married Gregory and became the esteemed wife of a wealthy tycoon But why, in the end he still have to be overshadowed by that woman?
She refused to accept it!
Perhaps due to heightened emotions, Shannon felt aed elo agaia) her ledscigtitiy didnc I need together as her body trembled 
embarrassment.
“What's wrong? Are you feeling unwell?” Gregory noticed her discomfort and asked softly.
“N-No...”
“lf you're feeling unwell, I'll have P
y gut \, is ai aul escort YOwWhORe) Gregory Visit Nee estccom to read the latest 
withdrew his gaze, his tone indifferent. Suddenly, a surge of anger rose within Shannon.
So, this man regarded her as nothing but a disposable toe} ready fo O mw discaid\hér as soon as she served her purpose. 
But Shannon refused to leave. She insisted on standing her ground
until the end. 
###chapter1093
Just then, another notification popped up on Shannon’s phone. Topping the trending list once again were Justin and Bella, and the buzz was only getting stronger by the minute.
It was undeniable that whenever this former couple made a joint appearance, they attracted massive attention, stirring up significant public discourse.
It was clear that these two were a formidable duo. If they were placed in the business arena together, their combined prowess would be unstoppable.
However, Gregory's expression was far from pleasant.
“Well, Chairman Thompson really did hit the jackpot with Ms. Thompson, didn’t he? With her around, everyone else just fades into the background. She'll always be the center of attention wherever she goes.”
Shannon sneered as she looked at the top trends, her words la
with sarcasm. “Considering how Justin and Bella flaunt their relationship, Greg, you should seize this golden opportunity today an propose a marriage alliance to Chairman Thompson on their behalf.” At this moment, the Hoffmans had already taken their seats, and Mrs. Hoffman happened to occupy a seat across the aisle from Shannon. Consequently, Claire could clearly hear every word Shannon uttered, causing her to furrow her brows.
The remarks from Shannon were truly repulsive.
A matriarch like her in the Salvador household was akin to a centuries- old curse. The Salvadors had managed to endure over the years solely due to the unwavering resilience of multiple generations. The prospect of dealing with Shannon in the future, particularly with Zoe’s determination to marry Justin, was already giving her a headache.
Justin, whom Claire had watched grow up, was undeniably an outstanding child.
However, the intricate relationships within the Salvador household made Justin feel like nothing more than an illegitimate child. Despite his current position of authority in the Salvador Corporation, Justin was not the favored one. Besides, with his elder half- brother still alive,
there was uncertainty about how long Chairman Salvador would continue to support Justin.
As for the prospective marriage, Claire, as Zoe’s mother, did not hold much hope for it.
Considering Justin’s relatively young age for a second marriage, he seemed mismatched with Zoe.
“Yeah, Dad. Mom's words do make sense.”
Bethany chimed in, adding her own mockery. “Look at them. Just and Ms. Thompson are practically inseparable. Ms. Thompson seems eager to join our family, too. Justin seems ready to empty our coffers for her dowry. It’s obvious they're smitten with each other. Dad, maybe it’s best not to play the villain here. Just let them have each other.”
374
Having been part of the Salvadors for
so long, Bethany had ag od sense of
garyjstetrinerafieht upporting Justin and Bella at this point will only further exacerbate the situation. 
Gregory kept staring at those photos, observing Justin’s overly cautio infuriated he became. Even his gums began to ache from 
the frustration.
“No matter what, my son will never remarry a woman whom he divor
| will never. allpisuon an J
e batrassing situation to occur! So what if she’s Wyatt Thompson's daughter? My son can't be easily. 
manipulated by any woman!”
With those words, everything became crystal clear.
Shannon and Bethany exchanged a knowing look, their expressions revealing a smirk of satisfaction. At that moment, the Iversons entered the VIP area. James, the CEO,
and his wife, Coral, were busy greeting guests inside the venue.
Christopher and Astrid accompanied Lance into the room.
“Mr. Hoffman, it’s been a long time.” Lance merely waved h not approaching Logan for a handshake.
Although both of them were heads of their respective families, La was the junior among the two and should have taken the initiative t approach first as a matter of courtesy.
Logan, too, did not stand up, only responding indifferently. “Indeed. It has been a while.”
The subtle power play between the prominent figures unfolded.
The divisions between the families were evident, with an undercurrent of mounting tension. 
###chapter1094
“Chris, | heard that your Uncle Wyatt and the others have arrived. Go. out and greet them. We must show hospitality to our guests and not neglect our friends,” urged Lance, intentionally speaking loudly enough for both the Hoffmans and Salvadors to hear.
His words implied that, apart from the Thompsons, none of the other guests were deserving of the lversons’ courtesy.
He did not even consider that the other two families were worth his attention.
Both Gregory and Logan’s expressions darkened, creating a tense and awkward situation.
“Yes, Dad.”
Christopher turned to the door and adjusted his glasses. His fair and delicate face took on a grim and somber expression.
He had also learned that Bella and Justin had entered the event together, which put Zoe in an embarrassing situation.
Perhaps during the horse racing event, Bella and Justin would eve take the opportunity to reconcile publicly.
If that were to happen, things would become quite troublesome. Christopher could not allow such a thing to occur, especially not on such an important occasion!
As he came to a secluded corridor, Christopher stood with his back to Chapter 1094
the light and dialed his secretary’s, Taylor’s, number.
The other end of the phone immediately answered, “Yes, Mr. lverson?” “Is everything sorted with the media?” Christopher’s pale lips parted slightly with a cold, indifferent tone.
“It's all set. The press releases are ready, too. Once you give the green light, all major media outlets and social platforms nationwide will
announce the news.” “Great.” and
Christopher’s eyes narrowed with satisfaction as he smirked. “Later on, we'll release news suggesting tension between the Salvadors the Thompsons, while highlighting the close ties between the
Iversons and the Hoffmans, hinting at potential collaboration. I've already arranged for covert photography to support this narrative.” “Understood! But... Isn’t this a bit rushed?” Taylor voiced his concern. “You know how things are on the red carpet. If we don’t act now, it'll be too late. ‘I can’t just stand there and watch that jerk snatch Bella away.”
Christopher recalled the intimate hand-holding scene between Bel
and Justin. The bitterness fueled his anger, and his clenched fists
trembled with intensity. “That's why I need to take the initiative. Their
relationship was never meant to see the light of day. If that’s the
case, it should remain concealed forever.”
Meanwhile, Logan glanced at his watch, his expression clouded.
What's taking so long? Why isn’t Ryan here yet? Give him a call and ask him to hurry up.” “Alright, Dad.” Claire felt a sense of urgency and promptly dialed his phone.
“Where’s Zoe? Where did she go? The older these siblings get, the
more unruly they become! Without Finn around, they’re becoming bolder every day!”
As he mentioned Ryan's father, his beloved son, who hax d Passed away) Lagan sudele anoteke a wave of pain in his heart, causing him to fall silent. 
Sensing his father's emotions, Liam grinned awkw nares cubshe fet thel | teqsionafd Li lefsheag deformed the cigar in his hand. 
Justin had to attend to some other matters, so he acco panied Bella \ into thevaaberdrs rief moment before parting ways. 
Bella proceeded alone towards the VIP area, her high heels echoing in the empty corridor. “Hey, stop right there!”
Zoe's piercing voice echoed from behind.
Bella continued walking without pause, heading straight
area. 
###chapter1095
From the very beginning, Bella knew that Zoe was following her, but she simply dismissed her as inconsequential.
“Didn't you hear me telling you to stop?!”
Holding onto her rumpled dress, Zoe hurried over to block Bella’s path, stumbling a bit due to her haste.
“Why do | have to stop just because you asked me to? Who do you think you are?”
“You...!” Zoe was infuriated, and her features contorted in anger.
“If you have something to say, say it now. Otherwise, get lost. | don’t have much time to waste with you,” Bella retorted. Her lips curled slightly as she glared coldly at Zoe.
Zoe trembled slightly, evidently intimidated by Bella’s presence. She could not help but notice the growing similarity between Bella and Justin. Even their gazes mirrored each other. Co
fabled couple’s resemblance?
“If you have nothing else to say, get lost.”
be the
As Bella was about to leave, Zoe’s eyes widened with fury, a spoke with malice, “Do you really think Justin has genuine fee for you? He’s merely playing along because of your status as the current heiress of KS Group!”
Unable to contain her amusement, Bella chuckled. “Whether he’s Chapter 1095
playing along or not, | know it, and so do you. If it’s really as you say, you should just sit back and enjoy the show instead of coming over here like a shrew, shamelessly trying to make a scene.”
Zoe was momentarily at a loss for words, choking on her retort. “Also, Ms. Hoffman, do you know what the most pitiful people in this world are like?”
Bella leaned in slightly, her crimson lips curling into a mocking smile.” They’re people like you who attempt to deceive others to satisfy their dark desires, only to end up deceiving themselves and living in a world of hypocrisy and delusion.”
Upon hearing this, Zoe trembled with anger and shame.
It's evident that Justin and Bella have reconciled their differences and cleared up all the misunderstandings, rendering her schemes harmless.
However, Zoe was not ready to give up just yet.
So Zoe gritted her teeth and forced out a malicious smirk. “Bella, do you really believe every word Justin says? | once thought ye vere a wise woman, but it seems you’re just like any other love-stol, easily swayed by a man’s sweet talk”
“If | were you, I’d save my breath.” Bella chuckled lightly. really think I'd believe what you say?” Do you
“That’s completely up to you, but | still have more to tell you.”
Zoe leaned closer to Bella’s ear, every word dripping with mockery.”
When Justin came into my room, the reporters captured that scene.
You saw it, too. Aren’t you curious about what happened when we
Chapter 1095 were alone together? | had just finished showering and was
completely naked. Justin held me so tightly, and hig-begath was séHealy' ahd @arn Ha Ha...” 
Bella’s eyes instantly turned crimson, flickering with uncontrollable rage.
Despite her trust in Justin, unsettling images still surfaced in Bella’s mind.
“His sweaty palms were gripping my waist, pene andover ayain. Hejraust Kav) ught my skin was incredibly smooth and my 
waist so soft. Why else would he be so reluctant to let go?”
Zoe covered her mouth and burst into laughter. oe gt Iqokat! '' yaturreaction ho aie Justin didn’t disclose this to you, did he? Of 
course not. He’d want to keep it hidden from you forever. All men are alike. When they encounter a young and attractive body, they resist with words, but their bodies are yearning for it earnestly.”
“Zoe.” Bella’s gaze was piercing, and her expression was frosty. “What's wrong? Are you angry now? Didn't you just say that wouldn't believe a single word | said? Haha! Well, everythi
true. You’re doubtful of him now, aren’t you?” 
###chapter1096
Seeing Bella’s fury, Zoe lit up with excitement and laughed maniacally. Zoe prodded her own cheek with her fingertips and said, “Go on, hit me! You must be so angry right now that you want to kill me. Come on! Just do it!”
Bella clenched her fists so hard that her fingernails were digging into her skin. But she was fully aware that she couldn’t lay her hands on Zoe.
Zoe was clearly trying to provoke Bella. If she lashed out, it would only make things worse.
Suddenly, there was a crisp sound.
Bella looked on in shock as Zoe suddenly raised her hand and slapped herself with great force. The slap was strong enough to make her cheeks swell, and it ruined her neatly styled hair bun.
Zoe then smiled sinisterly as she burst through the closed doo quickly cried, shielding her face as she collapsed in an embarra
and pitiful manner.
Outside the door, there was a crowd of media, guests, and staff. Everyone's eyes were fixed on Zoe and Bella, who were standing by
the door.
“What's happening? Come on, let’s go see!”
“Are Ms. Hoffman and Ms. Thompson arguing? | wonder what they
are arguing about.”
“What else could it be? They’re probably arguing over a man!”
“Could it be about Mr. Salvador? Wow, he sure is popular. These young ladies are fighting over him!”
“It seems like Ms. Thompson made the first move, and she really went all out. Ms. Hoffman’s face looks so swollen, like it’s been. bashed.”
“This isn’t good for either of them. Both are well-regarded and hold influential positions. No matter how upset they are, they shouldn’t have to resort to violence. Ms. Thompson’s action definitely
damaged her reputation.”
The guests kept on gossiping, with everyone blaming Bella. She was seen as the villain and criticized for her lack of decency. In the meantime, eager journalists also hurried over with their
cameras to capture Zoe as the center of attention.
Zoe, trembling like a skilled actress, had tears rolling down her face
as she gazed expressionlessly at Bella. In a choked voice, she
accused, “Bella, you’ve crossed the line! Even if you have a prob with me because of Justin, I’ve never caused you any trouble or
spoken ill of you. Why do you insist on opposing me and even physically hurting me?”
Zoe continued, “Just because your
father is the richest Wane Hatenbay
vouiretha heiress dt the KS
roup, does that give you the right to
bully others?!” Visit 
to read the latest chapter of this
novel
As Zoe spoke, tears streamed down her face, evoking sympathy from the bystanders. Chappé 1096
“So what if you're the daughter of Hatchbay’s es mages roned Sayroni/ USds Thompson family think they're better than everyone 
else?”
“Ms. Hoffman comes from a respected family background. Why should she have to go through this humiliation? If it were me, | would
fight back immediately.”
Bella listened to the gossip with a smile instead of anger, her eyes filled with disdain, and her lips curled in a charming yet unsettling
smile.
‘She’s laughing? Is she really laughing?’ Zoe was momentarily puzzled, unable to even remember how to cry as her expression remained frozen.
“Interesting! It’s truly a rare sight.” Bella looked at Zoe coldly,
displaying no sign of fear. “At first, | did want to hit en sie | tithe mM ex ected Youle do iDy6ulSel ell,
t t Works for me too. Now | don't have to do it myself. Today must be my lucky day. How else could 
witness such a beautiful show?” 
###chapter1097
“What?!” The crowd exclaimed in shock.
“Good heavens! Did Zoe hit herself?”
“Her face looks swollen. Did she really go that far as to harm
herself?!”
Zoe turned pale in an instant, and even her swollen cheeks lost color.
“What nonsense are you talking about, Bella?! Am | crazy enough to hit myself?!”
“| believe you've lost your mind.” Bella shook her head disapprovingly and shrugged her shoulders. “Not only have you gone insane, but you've also frightened me. | should be demanding compensation for the emotional distress caused by this situation. Are you trying to shift the blame onto me? Ms. Hoffman, why are you resorting to such
tactics?”
The crowd was shocked!
The camera flashes flickered wildly on Zoe’s extremely pale
“Ms. Thompson’s reputation should be impeccable, shouldn't
She’s been actively involved in charity and public welfare, event organizing the funeral for the poor servants of the Salvador fa It's hard to believe she would falsely accuse Zoe, isn’t it?”
“Even if Ms. Thompson did something, there must have been a
reason, right?”
“Perhaps jealousy drove Ms. Thompson to act this way. Nonetheless,
resorting to violence is unacceptable! | have doubts about Ms. Thompson’s character.”
Bella felt completely repulsed by the petty plotting. Surely Zoe could employ more sophisticated methods if she wanted to scheme against her?
The truth would ultimately come out, so Bella was unfazed by being misunderstood. It seemed like no matter how she looked at it, she was the one benefiting from it.
Just as Bella was about to leave the scene, an anxious voice broke through the crowd. “Zoe! What happened? Who bullied you?!”
The crowd made way as Logan hurriedly led the Hoffman family. members under the protection of bodyguards. “Grandpa... Mom...”
Zoe's eyes were filled with tears as she trembled, her lips ring
with sorrow.
Claire naturally assumed that Bella had bullied her daughter w
saw Zoe’s disheveled hair, swollen cheeks, and collapsed figu
the ground, along with Bella’s condescending and scornful
expression.
“Quick! Someone help Ms. Hoffman up!”
Following Logan’s order, the bodyguards hurried forward to create a
barrier to keep the reporters away.
“Zoe!” Claire called out as she dashed forward to embrace her daughter, glaring at Bella with anger.
“Ms. Thompson! If you have any problems, yoy-shovld comme fo me. Wayaid you hit my daughter?” 
“Mommy... Your health isn’t great. Please don't get too upset io finel. Zae coniferte hér mother, showing remarkable maturity. 
It was truly heartbreaking to watch.
Meanwhile, the Thompson family members also showed up, adding to the chaos.
Zoe's dirty schemes had alarmed the heads of both families, escalating the situation completely.
“Chairman Thompson, your daughter's temper is truly omen else. In broa isavlightcstie carb 3 NGS Qtan daughter,” Logan said as he leaned on his cane with folded hands, glaring coldly at Wyatt, his voice filled with suppressed anger. 
“It's clear that you've spoiled her, but whose child isn’t precious Bella is dear to you, just as Zoe is my heart and soul! | demand accountability from you and your daughter for what happened
The Hoffman family is not to be trifled with!” 
###chapter1098
Chapter 1098 Fortunately, Zoe’s opponent was Bella Thompson. If it had been anyone else, that person would have been dead by now.
Although Asher appeared calm, his gaze darkened as he looked at Zoe. This made Zoe feel intimidated, and she promptly sought
comfort by hiding behind Claire.
Celeste released Wyatt’s arm and quickly approached Bella, holding her hand tightly. “Bella, are you okay? Did you get hurt?” The question made both Claire and Zoe visibly uneasy.
“I'm fine, Aunt Celeste. Please don’t worry,” Bella reassured her gently, fearing she might get upset.
“Bella, | trust that you would never resort to violence. You’ve always
been upright. We know that even if others doubt it,” Celeste said
sternly as she turned her piercing gaze toward Zoe.
Wyatt pursed his lips, his brows furrowing deeply, and his great his
daughter carried a complex mix of emotions.
He was not worried about Bella potentially hitting someone. | it, then there was nothing he could do. How many mischievou has she disciplined since childhood?
Wyatt was more worried about finding a solution to this problem
this got out, how would others view her? Reputation was of significant importance. If she were to take over KS Group in the future, Bella needed credibility and a positive image in society. Otherwise, others might use her past mistakes against her, hinder her
Chougée loom
progress, and damage her reputation.
“Mr. Hoffman, Mrs. Hoffman, do you have evidence that Bella was. responsible for the violence? Accusations should be based on evidence,” said an assertive voice that could not be ignored.
As everyone turned their heads, Christopher approached gracefully with an unwavering gaze toward Bella.
Bella’s gaze was intense and distant, devoid of warmth.
She did not hope for anyone to come to her aid. It was not necessary, and even if someone were to stand up for her, she would wish it were Justin instead of Christopher.
Logan's e
expression turned serious as he inquired. “What do you mean by that, Mr. Iverson? Are you implying that Zoe framed Ms. Thompson?”
“Whether that is the case, we should ask Ms. Hoffman herself. A
single misunderstanding from her could potentially ruin herself,” Christopher replied calmly as he approached Bella. His affectionate
gaze lingered on her as if there were no one else around, eli murmurs of amazement from the onlookers. “It's no surprise that Mr. lverson has feelings for Ms. Thomps
There were already signs during the charity auction!”
“No need to say it. He couldn't take his eyes off Ms. Thompson, now he’s not even hesitating to offend the Hoffman family in order support her. Does his behavior not speak for itself?”
“| wonder what Chairman Thompson’s thoughts are. One is the president of the Salvador Corporation, while the other is from the Chapter 1098
respected Iverson family.”
“If it were up to me, I'd definitely go with Young Master Iverson. He has a clean reputation without nydlawsn Juptiy is lie dabadyinig ruit stand that attracts pests! First Rosalind, then Zoe, and who knows who else there might be in the future? It’s surprising that their parents allowed them to become entangled in this mess.” 
Zoe felt her heart race as she clutched her mother’s arm tightly.
She couldn't explain it, but despite never having interacted with O Christopher,\thete vrasa'strange
Q \. a sehsé of familiarity about him, even in his voice. An unexplainable fear gripped her almost suffocatingly. 
“Mr. Iverson, are you indirectly implying that Zoe framed her?” Claire held her daughter close, er voige(y | kingywith kinder my daughter has been assaulted, and yet you defend Bella without considering what's right? | understand your families have strong connections, but taking advantage of us like this is not acceptable.” 
On the outside, Zoe appeared pitiful, but deep down, her heart was racing anxiously. She had checked that corridor, and there were definitely no surveillance cameras! 
###chapter1099

However, Christopher seemed so certain.
Did he actually see what happened with his own eyes, or did he hear it? Otherwise, why would he dare to stand up for Bella?
"Ms. Hoffman, I'll ask you one more time." Christopher approached Zoe menacingly, his dark eyes glistening with a cold gleam that sent shivers down her spine. "Did Bella really hit you?"
"I..." Zoe's throat tightened up.
"We're all adults here, so we need to own up to what we say. There is no point in waiting until the evidence is right in front of us. By then, it'll be too late for regrets."
The space was silent as everyone waited for Zoe's response. It had only been a few seconds, but it felt like an eternity of torment for her.
Zoe finally gave in to Christopher's intense pressure. It made no sense. She felt an overwhelming fear for Christopher, as if he had a knife at her throat. She had never felt such terror before; not even Justin or Ryan had scared her this deeply.
"I... I had a little disagreement with Bella. I lost my balance earlier and accidentally broke through the door and fell to the ground."
Zoe dared not mention the slap. But this statement was enough to regain Bella's innocence and spark gossip.
"Wow! Did she actually slap herself? How malicious!"
"Don't you get it? Young Master Iverson pressured her, so she caved in. Didn't you hear how happy she was earlier?"
"Sigh, she's only a little girl after all. She gets intimidated as soon as someone pressures her. If it were me, I wouldn't admit it, even if I died. Let's see if he can produce any evidence!"
"This is clearly defamation and slander. If the Thompson family refuses to let go, will Zoe still have the dignity to live on for the future?"
Christopher effortlessly helped Bella. But Bella remained solemn, showing no emotion, let alone any gratitude toward him. It was Wyatt who relaxed his furrowed brows and gave a rare, approving smile while nodding at Christopher.
Asher took a step forward, put his arm around Bella's shoulder, and calmly said, "Mr. Hoffman, I wonder if your granddaughter still requires an explanation from my sister? If needed, we can arrange for it. Let's wait until the horse race is over and then bring both families' lawyers to the police station to discuss this further."
Wyatt narrowed his eyes slightly in silent approval. He wasn't able to voice it out, but it was
completely understandable for Asher to stand up for Bella as a protective older brother. Claire held her daughter close as Logan's expression turned extremely dark.
Asher smiled faintly and said, "The Thompson family will take responsibility for any trouble caused. However, it's clear that someone is trying to falsely accuse my beloved sister. I won't let this slide, and I'll definitely get to the bottom of this. I believe Mr. Hoffman also cares deeply for Ms. Hoffman. You probably would react the same way."
All eyes were on them, and the members of the Hoffman family felt deeply embarrassed beyond words.
Asher's brief statement left them with no way out. Agreeing could lead to a potential defamation case with the police. But if they refused, it might seem as though they were hiding something and that Zoe was falsely accusing Bella.
"Haha! Oh my, it's simply a misunderstanding!" Liam, who had been observing quietly from the sidelines, intervened at this point with a smile in an attempt to ease the tension.
"Young people these days have disagreements that can easily escalate. It's normal. We've all been young and reckless, haven't we? Zoe is not inherently malicious. She's just pampered by us and tends to be impulsive when upset. That's why she spoke without careful consideration in the heat of the moment."
Liam continued, "Zoe is still young and doesn't know any better. We've known each other for many years. My older brother and Chairman Thompson used to be close friends too. Zoe is my brother's pride and joy. As you know his character well, his daughter certainly couldn't lack any redeeming qualities."
Wyatt listened to these words and felt his anger gradually dissipate.
###chapter1100
also cares deeply for Ms. Hoffman. You probably would react the same way.”
All eyes were on them, and the members of the Hoffman family felt deeply embarrassed beyond words.
Asher’s brief statement left them with no way out. Agreeing could lead to a potential defamation case with the police. But if they refused, it might seem as though they were hiding something and that Zoe was falsely accusing Bella.
“Haha! Oh my, it’s simply a misunderstanding !” Liam, who had been observing quietly from the sidelines, intervened at this point with a smile in an attempt to ease the tension.
“Young people these days have disagreements that can easily
escalate. It’s normal. We've all been young and reckless, haven’t we? Zoe is not inherently malicious. She’s just pampered by us and tends to be impulsive when upset. That's why she spoke without careful consideration in the heat of the moment.”
Liam continued, “Zoe is still young and doesn’t know any better. We've known each other for many years. My older brother and
Chairman Thompson used to be close friends too. Zoe is my brother’s pride and joy. As you know his character well, his daughte certainly couldn’t lack any redeeming qualities.”
Wyatt listened to these words and felt his anger gradually dissipate.
Chopper 1100
Ryan and Zoe’s father, Finn Hoffman, was Wyatt’s junior and had a close relationship with him.
When Finn died unexpectedly in a plane crash, it deeply saddened Wyatt, and he mourned for a long time.
If Finn Hoffman were still alive today, the Hoffman family’s dynamics would definitely be different. It was even possible that the family competing with the Salvador family would not be the Iverson family, but rather the Hoffman family. Ryan's position within the Hoffman family would also not feel as awkward as it does at the moment.
“Well, the horse racing event is an annual tradition, and everyone
should enjoy the festivities. My family doesn’t wish to spoil anyone’s enjoyment or draw attention to personal issues,” Wyatt said while standing with his hands clasped behind his back, projecting grace.
“Mr. Hoffman, your granddaughter should apologize to Bella. With that, we can consider this matter resolved.”
Zoe’s eyes burst with fury and were bloodshot with hatred. Having t apologize to Bella was more agonizing than scraping her bones with a knife!
“Zoe, apologize to Ms. Thompson!” Logan said as he exhaled deeply, his voice insistently cold.
Zoe clenched her teeth so tightly that she nearly crushed her jaw. Trembling, she gathered all of her strength and said, “I’m sorry, it was my fault.”
Asmile, eerily sweet, appeared on Bella’s lips. “It’s fine, as long as you acknowledge your mistake. | hope you won't behave this way again in the future. Your whims could tarnish someone's reputation. After all, not everyone is able to stand up for themselves, especially against the Hoffman family.”
Everyone was shocked.
Bella was truly merciless, adding salt to the wound.
At this moment, two trending topics were gaining attention on Twitter. #ZoehitsHerself
#ZoeApologizestoBella
[ROFL! Zoe hitting herself seems so dramatic!]
[What kind of drama is this? It looks like she’s introducing something really innovative!]
[I have a feeling that Zoe might be dealing with some mental issues. It might be helpful for the Hoffman family to consider getti
head checked by a professional. Seeking treatment early
significant difference for young people.]
Zoe ended up embarrassing herself, so the netizens could
making fun of her. Even the Hoffman family ended up being d into the spotlight with her, which was quite embarrassing for
er
Logan glared at Zoe with disappointment, then left without saying
word.
ea
Claire comforted Zoe with a worried look and walked alongside Liam.
Chaos 1100
Claire said, with tears welling up in her eyes. “Liam, thank you for helping Zoe out.’
“No worries. We are family after all, and as Zoe’s uncle, it’s my responsibility to protect her!” Liam said reassuringly. Claire thought of her late husband and became emotional. “Without
Finn, there’s no one looking out for us anymore. Ryan has been
preoccupied with that girl from the Salvador family and hasn't
So)
returned home in ages. It feels like he has forgotten about us entirely. What are we going to do in the future?”
“Please don't say that. Ryan is incredibly filial. How could he ever forget about his mother after. Lg tt) m ried?” LiaipiseyesRele-cc ‘a deeper
ones as he continued, “If you esis to agree, how will that girl from the Salvador family become your daughter-in-law? It’s important for you to assert your authority as the madam of the household.” 
Claire nodded as she listened to his words.
Meanwhile, Wyatt paid no attention to onlookers and stepped forward to warmly drape his arm around Christopher’s shoulder, a gratef smile lighting up his face..
“Christopher, | owe you one this time. If it wasn’t for your timely
Inge tweet help Belialout she!" wesufd Nave eas greatly. You not only helped her restore her reputation but also saved our family from embarrassment. How can | repay you?” 
Turning to the stern-faced Bella, Christopher gazed at her and repli sincerel ly put gery IUAdte Wyatt, Way no need for thanks. My loyalty has always been with Bella and with you. When | saw Bella. 
being mistreated, | had to intervene. Even if we are in the wrong, | will stand by Bella.”
Christopher added, “If you truly want to show your gratitude, just allow me to see Bella regularly in the future. As long as | have the opportunity to see her, I'll be happy.” 
###chapter1101
Chapter 1101 Bella stared coldly at Christopher’s face, observing the hidden darkness behind his gentle exterior. She slowly clenched her fists.
“Good, | understand your intentions. There will be many chances for you and Bella to bond in the days ahead.” Wyatt’s gaze toward Christopher was surprisingly warm, his words carrying a hint of
intrigue. The flash of cameras captured this moment, and onlookers couldn’t help but sigh in astonishment.
As a legendary figure and a top-ranking tycoon in the business world, Wyatt rarely showed such warmth to any young man. This kind of behavior was usually reserved for someone like a future son-in-law!
“Why do | get the feeling that Chairman Thompson is intentionally trying to set up Ms. Thompson with Mr. Iverson?” Somebody whispered quietly.
“| agree. It’s quite obvious that his attitude is cold and distant toward Mr. Salvador but very warm toward Mr. Iverson. Everyone in the
business world knows that Chairman Thompson and Chairman Iverson are close friends, and their families have had a long- standing relationship! If Ms. Thompson wasn’t determined and Chairman Thompson didn’t support her, she might have married into the Iverson family instead of marrying Mr. Salvador three years ago.”
“But I’ve noticed that Ms. Thompson seems to still have lingering feelings for Mr. Salvador. Walking the red carpet, holding hands-they
seem to have reconciled.” Chapter 1101 2/4
“Hmm, what’s the point? How many of these noble family marriages are truly their own decisions? If Chairman Thompson allowed her once, would he do so again?”
“If the Thompson family indeed formed an alliance with the Iverson family, it would be major news and could significantly alter Savrow's
business scene!”
Bella couldn’t bear to listen any longer, and her expression darkened
as she swiftly walked away.
“Bella!”
Christopher ran after her by himself, his eyes filled with worry.” What’s the matter? Are you still upset about what Zoe just did?” Bella remained silent, continuing to walk ahead without saying a word.
“Bella, if you still feel unsatisfied, | can find many ways to help you feel better. I’ll do anything as long as it makes you happy.” Suddenly, she stopped walking.
L
“Do you actually have the evidence? Evidence that refutes Z
accusations against me.”
“No, | was only pretending to scare her because | knew she was and afraid of being exposed,” Christopher admitted with a soft chuckle.
“Given my understanding of Zoe, she’s no different than Bethany. As the heiress of the Hoffman family, who is deeply cherished by Logan and Ryan, would she really be afraid of a mere threat from you?”
Bella turned toward him suddenly, her gaze becoming increasingly suspicious. “Or perhaps Mr. Iverson and Ms. Hoffman have some personal connection. Maybe she did this for your benefit.”
This statement was undoubtedly sarcastic. Yet, it inadvertently struck a chord, hitting right at Christopher’s dark heart!
Adjusting his glasses, the glint of the lenses hid his dark motives.
“Bella, | would never interact with any woman aside from you.”
“Please, stop. | have someone | care for. Regardless of your interest in me, | am not interested in you.”
Her words were like a sharp sword,
piercing through Ei repllek: ehest.
felt guryeoPpain that brought a taste of blood to his tongue, spreading across the back of his throat. 
“Bella, |...”
“| don’t want to deprive Mr. Iverson of the rights that a normal man
should have.”
Bella sneered, exposing his schemes. “Don’t bother trying to Chairman Thompson. | won’t change my mind and choose you.” On the other side, Justin had been silently coordinating with lan
make the next move.
Upon learning that Zoe had nearly humiliated Bella, he hurried quads | anickiy dscbosibie ut by the time he arrived, everything was already 
over. The guests and journalists dispersed, leaving only him and lan Chapter 1101
standing bewildered in their original spots.
Al4
lan said, “Mr. Salvador, | just checked the trending ia 08 has publicly apologized to “Thompson and is facing backlash from 
netizens. Everyone is expressing sympathy for Ms. Thompson.” 
###chapter1102
“It's just...” lan paused, hesitating to continue.
“What is it?” Justin asked eagerly, his heart racing with anticipation.
“It's just that the person who helped Ms. Thompson resolve the issue was Christopher.”
As soon as lan mentioned this name, Justin felt a sudden wave of anxiety wash over him. A hint of red flashed in Justin’s eyes, and his strong jawline tightened like the edge of a blade.
“Not only that, there are photos circulating online showing Chairman Thompson and Christopher having friendly interactions. There are also rumors suggesting a marriage alliance between the Thompson family and the Iverson family. It’s highly likely that Ms. Thompson will marry Christopher.” As lan was speaking, the fear in his voice was
evident.
One could only imagine the turmoil in Justin’s heart.
Justin felt anxious and was about to go see Bella when he unexpectedly spotted the Chairman and CEO of Journey Ventu from Meridan. Wilson and his son were walking toward him while
being escorted by the staff and countless bodyguards.
“Mr. Salvador, it’s Mr. Reed!” lan was utterly astonished. “My goodness, why are both of them here? There was absolutely no prior notice. Could it be a sudden change of plans?!”
As he spoke, Wilson, the chairman, along with his son, Wilson Reed Jr., had already approached Justin. Chapter 1102
“Mr. Salvador, we had planned to discuss cooperation during our last meeting, but you didn’t show up as promised. | was under the impression that you had resigned and wouldn’t be joining us again.” Chairman Wilson remarked with a faint smile.
“Father, is he the President of the Salvador Corporation?” Wilson Reed Jr. inquired with a raised eyebrow, showcasing a hint of arrogant disdain in his smile that made others feel uncomfortable. “I thought the President of the Salvador Corporation would be the Young Master Grant of the Salvador family.”
Justin remained expressionless, pressing his thin lips together firmly. It seemed that by not showing up to the meeting last time, he had offended both the father and son duo.
Additionally, Journey Ventures had recently made a deal with the Salvador Corporation on a project worth close to a billion dollars, so there would be frequent interactions in the future. Now they were clearly showing support for his elder brother and holding bias against him, not taking him seriously at all.
“| see that | have let you both down.” Justin quickly adjusted displaying a composed smile and disregarding their sarcasm. Instead, he cordially extended his right hand to Wilson Jr.
“The President of the Salvador Corporation isn’t my elder brother, Grant, nor have | left the company.” Justin continued, “I'd like to use this opportunity to reconnect and build our relationship once more. | hope we can mutually benefit and achieve success together. Let’s not dwell on trivial issues that could hinder our collaboration or delay our profit-making efforts. After all, in the business world, there are no
permanent enemies, right?”
Both Wilson and Wilson Jr. exchanged a glance.
Justin was neither humble nor arrogant, handling the situation with
poise and composure, giving them no reason to be upset. Despite any personal connection they may have had with Grant, the current
person in charge at Salvador Corporation was the man standing
before them.
What Justin said was right. There’s only profit in the business world, leaving no room for friendship. Both Wilson and his son extended their hands to Justin with
somewhat softened attitudes. “President Salvador, | look forward to a
pleasant collaboration in the future.
Asmile played on Justin’s lips as he calmly said, “I hope for that as
well.”
In the VIP seats, representatives from the four major families were al seated.
The whole affair turned into a comedy show, | aving members OF | thé Kofta lyin a bad mood, except for Liam, who seemed 
unfazed by the amusing situation.
The more commotion there was in the household ite mare delighted Ne appeared tobe: ancient times, he would undoubtedly be labeled 
as a traitor.
“Liam, thank you for handling the situation ae Logap.expressad his gratitude Ww iS second son, “If it wasn't for you, | don’t know 
how we would have resolved Zoe’s mess.” 
###chapter1103
Chapter 1103 Zoe lowered her head, fuming with anger, but she dared not utter a single word.
Bethany was aware of the commotion that had just happened. She felt immensely satisfied and couldn’t help but laugh upon seeing Zoe, who was usually so arrogant and disrespectful, looking so dejected.
Liam chuckled heartily. “Dad, please don’t say that. Zoe is my niece. If | don’t help her, who else will | help? Should | abandon my family
instead?”
At the mention of “abandon my family”, Logan immediately thought
of Ryan.
“Grandpa, Mom, we're here.” A clear and cheerful voice rang out, drawing everyone's attention.
Ryan and Carrie walked hand in hand, their intimacy resembling that of a newlywed couple. Ryan looked at the shy girl beside him v
affectionate eyes, evoking envy in others. The atmosphere felt somewhat tense, particularly with the Hof family showing clear aloofness and reserve toward the couple.
Astrid, an outsider, didn’t understand the situation and was the first to speak up. “Oh my, are Mr. Hoffman and Ms. Carrie in a relationship? Ah, what a great match! Congratulations, Mrs. Hoffman, Chairman
Salvador, as well as Mrs. Salvador.”
Gregory and Shannon kept their usual demeanor, while Claire’s smile
seemed incredibly forced.
Bethany gave Carrie a sharp look of distress, her eyes widening with intense animosity at the sight of her outfit today.
Carrie was wearing a vibrant goose-yellow chiffon dress with a black butterfly bow, designed by the internationally acclaimed fashion designer Roza Walker.
The beauty of the dress stoked jealousy within Bethany. After all, obtaining Roza Walker’s haute couture was no small feat. Amid countless unsuccessful attempts to secure appointments herself, seeing her sister Carrie donning this exclusive creation only
intensified Bethany’s jealousy.
Bethany feared that others would perceive her as lacking compared to her own sibling-a stark reminder that they shared the same roots
but different destinies.
Even without looking, Bethany knew that Ryan had undoubtedly gifted
this remarkable dress to Carrie.
This realization fueled Bethany’s resentment further until it reed an unbearable level-nearly driving her to tear apart her own frustration.
“| remember that Mr. Hoffman and Mr. Salvador are good friends, right? Your friendship with him is just as strong as mine with Wya isn’t it? Now that you and Ms. Salvador have mutual affection and make a great couple, this is a wonderful thing!” Lance smiled at the
Hoffman family. “Mr. Hoffman, congratulations! When can | have the pleasure of attending your eldest grandson’s wedding?”
Logan coldly raised the corner of his lips without responding. The chilly and unfriendly demeanor was obvious to everyone present. Logan clearly disapproved of Carrie. He didn’t even want to say a word in front of Gregory or pretend to be friendly toward Carrie.
The awkward atmosphere became increasingly embarrassing.
Gregory’s expression turned somber as he naturally felt deeply uneasy. Shannon was no different. Despite being a selfish and ruthless
mother, Carrie was still her own child. If the Hoffman family disrespected | hel, bwoutdlte' e disrespecting themselves. How could she ignore her pride? 
“Chairman Iverson, Carrie’s big day is approaching. | will make sure to
personally send you the invitation first when the time copgas,” Ryan Bald fixgnyas Ke ti grasped Carrie's hand, his eyes shining with joy. 
It felt as if tomorrow would be their wedding day. Carrie timidly lowered her long lashes, leaning dependently Ryan. The love between them was strong enough to endure any harsh criticism.
“Ryan, marriage is a serious commitment. It’s a significant life event that requires careful
Cometetsre enn Gl, colildrt Koi! badk any fonger. However, she couldn't openly oppose it, as Liam suggested. She could only subtly express her concerns. “Have you known Ms. Salvador long enough to truly understand each other? Is it too impulsive to talk about marriage so soon?” 
“Indeed, Ryan. Your reputation in Sayrow is well-known. How many ex-
girlfriends did you have prior to Ms. Salvador? And how many of them
were spoiled and given everything they wanted?” 
###chapter1104
Zoe became livelier and took the opportunity to tease, “I suggest not rushing to make a decision too quickly. You might end up regretting it
later and wasting Ms. Carrie’s time. Carrie was in my junior high school class, and | know her very well. She’s different from those girls you've dated before.”
Gregory's expression turned even darker as his excitement about the marriage faded almost completely.
“Grandpa, Mom, and Uncle Gregory, | understand your concerns and acknowledge my past reckless behavior. It may seem like | am not trustworthy,” Ryan said with a deep breath. He looked at Carrie, who was next to him, with intense love in his eyes, unable to stop himself from falling deeply for her.
Ryan struggled to control his emotions as he spoke. “But my feelings for Carrie are genuine. I’m willing to do anything for her. | am ing
to give Carrie everything | have.” ‘Giving everything to this woman? What a joke!’ Logan clenche jaw and slammed his cane to the ground forcefully.
However, with the Salvador family and a bunch of outsiders preser causing a scene at this moment wouldn't be appropriate. He could
only bear it for now. “In this life, | will only marry Carrie.”
Ryan swallowed nervously as he gazed solemnly at his mother and said, “Mom, I’m not being impulsive. On the contrary, this is a
decision I’ve made after thorough contemplation and one that | firmly stand by. | just want to choose whom | love and to love whom | choose. | hope you and Grandpa can support us.
Everyone present was left speechless.
There had been rumors in the streets suggesting that Ryan was a
daring and unruly figure. People might have thought it was
exaggerated. But now, it seems that the rumors were not exaggerated at all. In fact, they might have been downplayed.
If one were to look at the entire Savrow, how many young masters of prominent families would dare to confront their own families as boldly as he did?
Bella had just arrived when this scene happened in front of her eyes. She was deeply moved, her eyes welling up with tears. Bella was worried at first, but now she could rest assured.
She thought, ‘Perhaps if we overcome all the obstacles and walk hand in hand into marriage, we will receive everyone’s blessings why dwell on it? Even if everyone ridicules and slanders us, it d really matter to us. Only death can tear us apart.’
Several dozen confetti cannons went off on time, and colorful confetti filled the sky. Amidst the grand ceremony and the cheers of the crowd, the horse racing event officially started. Meanwhile, Wilson and his son, along with Justin, arrived late amidst the clamor.
For ordinary folks, Journey Ventures might still be an unfamiliar name, but its position in Meridan was as significant as the Salvadors in Savrow and the Thompsons in Hatchbay.
Wilson Reed was a tycoon who could directly contact the Prime Minister of Meridan. His power and influence need no elaboration.
If cooperation with Journey Ventures could be established, it would
undoubtedly lay a solid foundation for future business expansion in
Meridan. It was a win-win situation!
Gregory could not help but be extremely surprised to see the
improved relationship between Justin and the Wilson father and son.
Despite frequently defying him and causing him trouble, Justin was
remarkable and had astonishing tactics in terms of work. He would
often seize a glimmer of opportunity and turn the tables, working against the odds. Once Justin entered the venue, his gaze didn’t leave Bella for a single
moment. When he saw that the person Waaskeks! Béla wachone otttertharech er, his heart throbbed painfully. 
He knew this wasn't Bella’s doing. She would never willing! is ayn
ocia ation with(Cttristophe ein ois
tr, v was obvious that Wyatt had
ely played a role in matchmaking. 
With these thoughts, Justin forcefully adjusted his breathing, yet he
still felt as if his throat was being
constricted. xplicable Gato gnawed achle Be Visit
to read the latest 
###chapter1105
The arrival of the Reed family brought a slight shift to the ambiance. It was clear that Gregory and the Hoffman family members were welcoming toward them. With their wealth and status, there was no need for them to humble themselves. However, in comparison to how they behaved with others, one could say they were rather courteous. 
Only Justin, resembling the status of a Greek god, sat with dignity beside Gregory, gazing intensely and affectionately at the person he cared for. 
In another corner of the room, Wyatt was deep in conversation with Bella, who appeared serious and focused without noticing Justin’s piercing gaze. 
His expression darkened suddenly when Christopher lifted his champagne glass and unintentionally blocked his line of sight. Christopher slowly turned to him, wearing a casual smirk as he raised his champagne glass in a moving toast. 
Justin’s blood surged, making it hard for him to breathe. He tightened his grip on his glass with rage. 
Suddenly, the glass shattered in his hand, causing the champagne to spill all over him. 
“Oh! Justin, your clothes are wet!” 
All attention shifted towards Justin as Zoe quickly moved to his side. Much to everyone’s surprise, she kneeled in front of him and started wiping the stains from Justin’s trousers with a handkerchief. 
Everyone was stunned. 
“Damn! Ms. Hoffman’s behavior is just outrageous!” 
Logan’s and Claire’s faces turned livid. Liam watched his own niece being ridiculed, but instead of feeling embarrassed, he stood by and found amusement in the scene, unable to hold back a chuckle. 
Ryan noticed his uncle’s actions, and his eyes darkened. But he had no plans to intervene and stop Zoe. 
As far as he was concerned, Justin should take advantage of this opportunity to let Zoe embarrass herself completely. It would teach her a valuable lesson that she would never forget. A reminder not to chase after men from prestigious families in the future! 
“Ryan…” Carrie called out softly as she tugged gently at his sleeve. 
“Hmm? What’s wrong?” Ryan asked gently as he lowered his gaze. 
“I… I can’t explain it, but every time I see your second uncle, I feel a bit uneasy.” Carrie was simple-minded and would say whatever came to 
her mind without any twists. 
Even though she spoke softly, Liam still managed to catch fragments of her words, causing his ears to prick up like antennas. 
Ryan embraced his petite girlfriend and spoke loudly. “Then don’t stare at him. It’s not good for your eyes to look at filthy things too much.” 
Liam felt a surge of anger rise but couldn’t show it, fearing he would appear as though he was eavesdropping on the young couple. 
Carrie quickly closed her eyes with an adorable little expression. 
Ryan lovingly caressed her silky hair and leaned in to give her a peck on the cheek. “In the future, we’ll have many more lovely children. 
Staring at unpleasant things too often can affect our kids’ appearance.” 
Carrie blushed with embarrassment, her face turning red. 
Liam coughed as he choked on his drink, his face also turning red. 
Bella noticed that Zoe was making a move on her man and felt a surge of anger rising in her chest, causing her to lean forward slightly. 
However, she had no intention of going over. She wasn’t as shameless as Zoe. 
###chapter1106
Chapter 1106
In the heat of the moment, Bella’s body reacted naturally.
“What are you doing, Bella?”
Bella’s shoulders sank, and she suddenly lifted her gaze and met Wyatt’s stern and dark gaze.
Wyatt said, “Don’t tell me that you want to imitate Zoe, cursing and assaulting people in public like some shrew? Are you the type of woman who has no self-respect? Don’t make me look down on you. Don’t embarrass the Thompson family!”
Bella tightly pursed her lips, and her crimson lips turned pale. Christopher heard everything clearly, the corners of his lips darkly raised as he elegantly sipped his champagne.
Just as Zoe’s hand was about to touch him, Justin stood up suddenly, a wave of coldness emanating from him. suddenly, a wave of coldness
“Ah!” Zoe stumbled backward and fell awkwardly to the ground. The bodyguards rushed forward to help her and caused a commotion. Thanks to that, those in the back row who initially had not paid any attention to the matter were made aware of the situation, adding to Zoe’s embarrassment.
“Ms. Hoffman, please behave yourself.” Justin coldly admonished her, a chilling aura hanging over her head as if lightning could strike her down at any moment.
Bella remained composed, but her crimson lips subtly curled up, satisfac feeling a sweet sati world could provide her with as much security as Justin did. The onlookers pursed their lips and suppressed their laughter, but their efforts to contain themselves only added to Zoe's anger!
Logan rubbed his temples in frustration, but he couldn’t confront Justin. After all, it was his granddaughter who had been persistently throwing herself at him while everyone was watching.
“Tsk, tsk, tsk... The upbringing of the Hoffman family is really not praiseworthy. If she were my daughter, | would have to discipline her every day.” Lance sat beside Wyatt, whispering with a smirk, “Our Bella is still the best. How can a daughter from a nouveau riche background like the Hoffman family be compared to our Bella, an elegant and refined lady from a prestigious family?”
“Hmph, you're right about the prestigious family. But don’t flatter her. She’s just a troublemaker.” Wyatt glanced at his daughter and asked, ” How many windows did this girl break when she was young?”
Bella pursed her lips. “Wyatt, you’re raking up the past!”
“Hey! What troublemaker? She's lively! Since we were kids, I’ve always felt that Bella is special. | like her a lot! What if it’s just a few pieces of glass? As long as Bella is happy, we can demolish the house and rebuild it!”
Lance really hit the jackpot with his future daughter-in-law. The more he looked at her, the more he admired her.
Justin temporarily left the table, with lan following closely behind to change clothes.
Meanwhile, Shannon was in a terrible situation. She couldn't even sit up straight. She Bee Ne: wit)Hér legs@prasséd tig ly together, trembling all over. She was enduring extreme pain right now. Luckily, she hadn't drunk much water. Otherwise, it would have been a disaster! 
Since entering the venue, Bella has been secretly observing Shannon. As expected, ae ing wasjuat 43 mM Sion ha pr icted. Shannon's current physical condition was already quite strained after participating in such outdoor activities for a long time. 
Bella’s bright and clever eyes brightened up as she suddenly lifted her champagne glass and stood up to address the guest. “Ladies and gentlemen, | am delighted to be gathered here with all of
you, sharing such a grand occasion today. Not only are there the elders whom | have redo saas a8 fachity, ane th S, but we are also graced by the legendary figures of the top financial group in Meridian, like the Reeds. I’m surprised and deeply honored.” 
Bella smiled charmingly and raised her glass to the Wilson father-and- son duo, speaking fluently in French, “Here, | propose a toast to both of you. Welcome to Savrow!” As the sound fell, she pressed her red lips against the rim of the glass, raised her slender neck, and sipped on the wine.
She was the embodiment of elegance and charm. 
###chapter1107
Chapter 1107
Among all the women in the four prestigious families and even in the entire country, Bella was undoubtedly as dazzling as a pearl in the ocean.
From the moment he entered the room, Wilson Jr. was spellbound by this beautiful and elegant woman. It was difficult for him to pull his eyes away from her beautiful features.
“Pfft, such a show-off.”
Bethany shot Bella a disdainful glance, muttering disdainfully, “Who do you think you are? Toasting with the big shots. Do they even know who you are?”
Unexpectedly, before she finished her sentence, Wilson nodded in satisfaction and raised his glass to Bella. He said pleasantly, “Alexa, ! didn’t expect you to be the heiress of the KS Group. You really surprised me. This isn’t the first time we’ve met, so you don’t need to be so formal.”
The crowd was in complete disbelief. Gregory’s eyes widened. He hadn't expected Bella to have a personal connection with the top businessman in Meridan! The more he thought about it, the more uneasy he felt.
When Bella married into the Salvador family, she not only concealed her identity but also never revealed these connections or helped their family or his son.
Now, not only did she repeatedly cause trouble for the Salvador family, but she also seemed to have transformed into someone dazzling, no longer hesitating to showcase her talents.
Did she think they were that gullible? She lacked even the most basic honesty! Bella smiled gently. “Chairman Reed, it turns out that you still remember me. I’m really touched.”
Wilson Jr. looked at his father with astonishment. “You mean... This lady is the famous jewelry designer Alexa? When did you meet her? Why didn’t | know?”
Wilson smiled. “Two years ago, | wanted to give your mother a blue diamond necklace as a gift for her birthday. After several failed attempts, | reached out to Ms. Alexa directly, and she personally designed a birthday gift for your mother.”
“Oh! You mean the necklace Mom wears every time she attends important events? She really likes it!” “Yes, that’s the one.” Wilson nodded and then turned to Bella. “I’m really grateful to you, Alexa. Oh, no, | should call you Ms. Thompson now.”
“It's the necklace’s honor to be cherished by your wife.” Bella was not arrogant or conceited. Instead, she remained humble, her smile pleasing to the eye.
Wyatt saw this and showed a relieved smile. Despite Bella’s usual independent and seemingly indifferent nature, she always rose to the occasion during critical moments. She was versatile and thorough in her dealings, and she was someone capable of doing great things.
When Zoe and Bethany once again witnessed Bella attracting all the attention, their eyes turned red with hatred, yet they were powerless.
They found themselves unable to riyal Bella’s sheer brilliance. Like a caged canary compared to a real phoenix, they stood no chance.
“Ms. Thompson, it’s a pleasure to meet you!” Wilson Jr. boldly wa
fo) Be la, hig dazeesyct ald his
Doar for her evident. “The fact
that we meet here shows that we have a destined connection. 
How about we raise a glass to this fate?” Bella narrowed her beautiful eyes slightly, sneering in her heart.
Christopher's face darkened. Unable to bear Wilson Jr.'s advances, he was about to 0 stanitup toshletd his pod! from the drink. But before he could act, a tall and cold figure beat him to it, stepping in front of Bella. 
It was Justin!
Christopher’s pale and handsome face tightened, and he stared fiercely at Justin’s expressionless face, his eyes filled with icy hostility.
“Justin...” Bella looked at Justin's tall figure and felt a surge of warmth in her heart.
“To be able to gather here, it’s not only fate between the Reeds and Ms. Thompson but also fate between us and the two of you,” Justin said.
With that, he gestured, and a waiter immediately brought him champagne \ Hersieneis ge@arld chitléd Ne{igs ‘Ms. Thompson is still a lady and can't handle too much liquor. If you don't mind, allow me to drink with you on her behalf.” 
###chapter1108
Chapter 1108
There was such a disparity in treatment and biased protection.
Who couldn't see that Justin only had Bella in his heart? Does he even know who Zoe was? Christopher clenched his fists fiercely, and his body gradually became stiff.
‘Why was he always one step behind? Why was this despicable bastard always at Bella’s side?’
Wilson Jr’s expression visibly changed, but he still maintained the smile of a wealthy gentleman. “I can see that President Salvador truly cherishes Ms. Thompson. As for myself, | have been too impulsive without considering Ms. Thompson’s feelings. Let me finish this glass as a punishment.”
With that, Wilson Jr. emptied his glass.
Justin’s eyes were as deep as ink and unwavering as he also raised his glass and drank it all in one go. Applause filled the room, easing the awkward tension.
But Gregory’s expression had turned somber.
“Dad, what exactly is Justin thinking? Wilson Reed Jr. obviously has an interest in Bella. Isn't he offended by his interference ?” Bethany couldn’t help but complain. “For the sake of a woman, Justin disregards the overall situation. Justin’s conduct as president is lacking. Women have always been troublemakers, especially Bella.
She is a calamity waiting to happen.
“Can't you learn from Carrie and be a little more quiet? Which prestigious lady from a noble family gossips like you do?” Gregory sternly cast a sideways glance at Bethany, scaring her into silence.
At this moment, Bella raised her glass again, smilingly saying, “Come on, let's all raise a glass to the visit of the Reeds! Cheers!” “Cheers!”
Under the infectiously radiant smile of Bella, everyone became cheerful again. They picked up their glasses and drank the champagne.
Only Shannon remained hidden in the corner, tightly gripping her glass but not daring to take a sip.
“Hey, Mrs. Salvador, why aren’t you drinking?” Bella suddenly turned her gaze to the pale-faced Shannon, smiling lightly. “It’s such a joyous moment with esteemed guests present. Don’t you want to celebrate with us? Is the champagne prepared by the Iverson family not to your taste?”
Shannon’s heart was constricted. She forced a smile on her face as she stared into Bella’s eyes. All eyes turned to Shannon, and indeed, not a drop of champagne had left her cup.
The members of the Iverson family looked dissatisfied. James signaled to Astrid, who had always deferred to her elder brother. She immediately mocked, “Mrs. Salvador, as the wife of Chairman Salvador, you must have had your fair share of fine wines. Our Iverson family’s offerings must be beneath your notice.”
Shannon understood the Iverson family’s antagonism toward them, especially Astrid, who had given her numerous troubles at previous events. Astrid had finally seized this opportunity to mock her relentlessly.
“| didn’t mean that. Please don't menace trees trot gobu' '! Wth@lddhol” annon explained. 
Before she could finish speaking, Justin intervened and said, “Aunt
Shannon, you're too modest. Every time the family hosts a nquety you always erie Urifkify (he most. On such a celebratory day as today, you don't have to be so reserved.” 
“Aunt Shannon?” It sounded like Justin was addressing his nanny. Everyone looked at each other with amusement.
So, after all these years of toiling in the Salvador family, Justin had acknowledge(Stiannbhs Status as Gory's wife. Did Grant also address her like this? If so, it was truly pathetic! 
Shannon’s body trembled violently. Her heavy makeup barely concealed the resentment on her face. 
###chapter1109
Chapter 1109
Chapter 1109 Bella thought, ‘Huh? Justin is usually so reserved, but it turns out he can be quite eloquent at crucial moments.’ She squinted her eyes. Taking advantage of the distraction around them, she playfully nudged Justin with her shoulder.
Apleasant scent washed over him, causing Justin's mind to sway, and a hint of warmth rose to his cheeks as he pressed his lips tightly together.
Bella caught sight of his slightly blushing face and stifled a laugh.’ Well, deep down, he’s still a naive guy.’ But this seemingly naive guy was like a big bad wolf when he hugged her in bed and made love passionately to her late at night.
“Shannon, just have a glass. You don’t need to drink too much.” Gregory said, casting a glance at Shannon, his gaze heavy and his voice lowered. “Don’t ruin the mood for everyone.”
Shannon’s heart tightened, and her arm was stiff. She awkwardly raised her glass and drank all the wine in it. Watching her grimace as if she were drinking something awful, Bethany secretly worried for her,
Christopher always paid attention to the subtle interactions between Bella and Justin. He always felt like they were plotting something, but he couldn't figure it out.
Wilson Jr. returned to sit beside his father, gritting his teeth, his expression gloomy. “Son, are you interested in Alexa?” Wilson asked casually.
“Yes, | fell in love with Ms. Thompson at first sight.” Wilson Jr. stared at Bella’s beautiful face without turning away. He was straightforward and unrestrained in expressing his admiration for her.
“Well, | agree. Among the young ladies present, only Alexa is a suitable match for you. As for the others, they're like clowns.” He sneered contemptuously, thinking of Zoe, who had just tried to curry favor with Justin.
“But, my boy, you have quite a few rivals, don’t you?” Wilson smirked and patted his shoulder. “Justin and the young master of the Iverson family both harbor feelings for Alexa. Even | can see that clearly. You've only met Alexa today for the first time. How will you compete with them?”
“The Iverson family is not enough to contend with us. As for Justin, what is he? Is he worthy of competing with me?” Wilson Jr. scoffed at Justin. “To put it nicely, he’s the second young master of the Salvador family and the president of the Salvador Corporation. To put it bluntly, he’s just a dog raised by the Salvador family. Does he really think that the position of heir to Salvador Corporation is his? If our family supports the eldest son of the Salvador family, we can directly pull Justin down from the position of president. | don’t believe he will choose women over power. True love is something I’ve only heard of and never seen.”
Wilson reminded his son sternly. “Even so, | believe that interests should still take precedence. Cooperation with Salvador Corporation is crucial at the moment. You should not stir up trouble unnecessarily.”
“You're right, Dad. | understand.”
Under pressure, Shannon gulped down a glass of champagne and immediately felt the urge to use the restroom. After exchanging some words with Gregory, Shannon left the VIP seat.
Just as she was out of sight of others, Seren gestae bem {11 onercotansBed'h legs, and sprinted to the restroom. 
But when she reached the restroom stalls, she found they were fully occupied. Shetrembled xs HerO blade Was at risk of bursting. When someone finally came out, she rushed in. Before she could even take off her skirt, she ended up wetting herself. 
She stayed in the stall until everyone was gone. Shannon screamed an pounded onithhe Woon 6? the festroom. A renting her frustration, she gradually calmed down and sat on the toilet, dialing Simon's number. 
It rang for a while before someone answered on the other end, “Mrs. Salvador.” 
###chapter1110
Chapter 1110
“Dr. Fairchild... You said you would definitely come to the horse racing event today. Please give me the medicine.” Shannon pleaded, her eyes bloodshot from anxiety. “You won't break your promise, will you? | will definitely be able to see you today, right?”
“What's this? Madam, do you miss me?” Simon chuckled. His tone was mocking rather than affectionate.
“Dr. Fairchild... Simon!” Shannon cried, tears welling up in her eyes. “I miss you... | really miss you! | miss you so much that it feels like I’m losing my mind!”
In reality, what she longed for the most was actually the “miracle drug” that could free her from her predicament. She had completely abandoned any sense of shame for the sake of obtaining this medicine.
“After the horse race is over, please come to the resting area of the second horse track alone. Everyone will be at the first horse track by then, and no one will be there. I’ll be waiting for you.” Simon instructed.
Shannon nodded eagerly, her eyes shining with excitement. “Okay! | will... | will definitely come to find you!” After the spectacular opening ceremony performance, the competition officially began.
Every year, the horse racing event had two highlights. The first was the parade of the racehorses, where wealthy aristocratic families spared no cost in acquiring pricey horses from overseas to take part in a showcase of their wealth. A variety of rare and stunning horse breeds made appearances, trotting across the racetrack and creating a dazzling spectacle.
The second aspect was the horse race. Every year, the races held on the event day attract billions of dollars in bets. Some gamble for social connections, some hope to win big at the races, while others compete for prestige. Not for fame, but for the glory of victory!
The four prominent families have brought their cherished horses to the stables, ready and waiting to participate in the races.
Lance held a pair of binoculars and scanned the racetrack. He nudged the Wyatt beside him with his elbow and asked, “Wyatt, how much are you betting on my Big Baby today?”
“Big Baby? Why haven't you changed its name yet?” Wyatt frowned disdainfully. “What sins did this horse commit to deserve such a name? | won't bet on it just because of that. It sounds like it won’t run fast at all.”
“Tsk, | changed it long ago! It’s not called Big Baby anymore. It’s called Cyclone!” Wyatt couldn’t help but tease. “Cyclone? While other horses run forward, does yours just spin in place?”
Lance was at a loss for words, while the family members surrounding them couldn't stop laughing. Bella was truly impressed. by Wyatt’s quick wit.
“Wyatt, you’re getting stingier as you get older! Not only do you mock me, but you also refuse to bet on my horse! Are we still friends?”
Lance pouted, acting like an old toddler.
“| won't place a bet. If | bet on my own horse, whether it wins or loses,
I'll be happy. But if | bet on someone else's horse apdiit loses, Kwonbe!| abled ￥idep tonight. I’m petty like that.” 
“Geez, you're so heartless!”
“Uncle Lance, I'll bet on your Cyclone.” Asher stepped in at this, moment, smilindogently, \ ndve faith i Sur horse. |'ll wager a small amount as a gesture of goodwill. | hope you don't mind.” 
“Asher, you're too kind. I’m very happy that you trust my Cyclone!” However, Lance still asked naively, “How much are you betting?”
Asher's gentle eyes narrowed slig
as he FeV SE2 sheaue? iKdex finger.
it lovelebook.com to read the latest 
###chapter1111
Chapter 1111
“$1 million?”
“$10 million.”
Asher seemed to have a different idea behind the meaning of spare change. “Oh, my. Thank you for your support, Asher!” Lance beamed.
“Careful not to lose everything,” Wyatt taunted, talking rather bluntly to his son. “Which horse are you betting on, Bella?” Christopher asked with a gentle smile. Without looking at him, Bella replied, “I’m not betting. Gambling is not for me.”
Despite Bella’s dislike toward him, Christopher did not mind and said to Wyatt with a smile, “When in Rome, Wyatt. Like Mr. Asher, | will bet $10 million on KS Group's Whistle.”
Lance nodded with a grin, pleased with Christopher's move to build rapport.
“Not bad, Christopher. You have a good eye. | would say even better than my son.” Wyatt grinned as Christopher once again did things in a way that suited his taste.
“It's all for the fun of it.”
Bella and Asher remained indifferent, but their gaze on Christopher was cutting and hostile.
“Can | take part too, Chairman Thompson?”
The group turned around as Justin approached with a faint smile.
Christopher slid his glasses up his nose, his eyes growing wary.
“Oh? Are you interested in placing a bet too, Mr. Salvador?” Wyatt smiled pretentiously, his tone flat. It was clear who Wyatt favored and who he snubbed.
“Gambling in moderation is harmless. | have always had a good feeling about Whistle. | took notice of Whistle since the time it was at the royal stables in Inalia.” Justin curled his lips.
Asher lowered his gaze and chuckled.
It was no secret that Justin put a lot of effort into winning Bella’s heart. Justin would never speak so ingratiatingly like that before. Justin put aside his pride and ego to get in Wyatt’s good graces.
Even if nothing much changed, Justin was happy to try anyway.
Wyatt was surprised to learn that Justin knew quite a bit about his favorite horse.
He was about to say something when Bella rushed to Justin’s side and poked his chest.
“Do you have nothing better to do with your money? Why must you bet on that horse? Is it because it’s Wyatt’s horse?”
Justin smiled sweetly and put his hand on his chest, where hisctady Rad toyahed Hir| jis now. “Not entirely. | just have a good feeling about Whistle.” 
“You don't get horses. Whistle is about at the eS SOR Chaintah Inergorts eel . You're going to lose everything by betting on it.” 
Bella put her hands on her waist and alice) bel head. “You don't hav aa aC 6 instincts-oa @o6u knowledge ?) nvestment. I'm surprised your company hasn't gone bust under your leadership.” 
The group was speechless.
Wyatt and Lance had no words.
The way Bella showed her affection was something else.
Justin paused, his eyes sparkling as he murmured in her ear, “Are you worried that I'd lose money, Bella?” Bella blushed and mumbled, “Not just that. | don’t like to see you lose.”
Justin’s smile deepened. He wanted to hold her. “The money isn’t going anywhere else. I’m happy to lose to your father.” 
###chapter1112
Justin and Bella exchanged looks, and the romance in the air was hard to ignore.
No words needed to be spoken.
Their subtle gestures and the way they looked at each other spoke volumes of love. Lance furrowed his brows and glanced at Wyatt, who did not seem too happy either. “Alright.
Do whatever you want.
Your family business is booming, and you're basically printing money.
Make your own bets.” Bella turned her back to Justin, but she sneaked a grin. Christopher was furious to be cast aside.
Justin noticed Christopher growing pale, his face handsome yet malice.
He did not get the thrill of winning.
On the contrary, he was afraid Christopher might be up to something.
The only thing Justin feared was Bella getting hurt.
Hence, Justin stuck closely behind Bella, proving he had her back always and forever. The heavyweights placed their bets.
Ryan did not bet on the Thompsons’ or the Salvadors’ horses.
Instead, he took Carrie’s advice to choose an all-white horse, which did not stand out too much in talent. It was only because the horse was good-looking.
Women did not care for the price tag or functionality when looking at horses or cars. The only factor that came to mind was its looks.
Ryan waved his arm and put $20 million on No.
14.
Money was the one thing he had in excess.
Thus, he spent $20 million to make his future wife happy.
“Mr.
Reed, care to place a bet?” Gregory stood next to both Wilsons and asked with a smile. “I'm interested, but betting horses isn’t just for entertainment.
| see it as an investment too.” Wilson stared at the wide horse track through a pair of binoculars. I'm picking a nice horse with the perfect pedigree.
If the horse is raised well and competes at a high level, | believe the owner must be a capable and successful individual.” Gregory furrowed his brows.
It sounded like Wilson was looking for a new partner. Salvador Corporation has partnered with Journey Ventures to build the biggest commercial complex in Meridan next year. Everything was prepped and ready to go.
The group wondered if Wilson had plans to work with other companies.
“As you know, Meridan’s national flag has a horse on it. Horses are our national mascot, and horse riding is a well-loved sport by our people regardless of their social status.
| had a meeting with my team last month, and we decided t partner y)
ith gorapahy te Guid five-star hotels with horse tracks in Meridan and your country,” Wilson said with a smile. 
“We have conducted market research and found that it isn’t a new thing in Meridan. However, Savrow doesn’t have a hotel operating in this capacity.
Introducing hotels with this concept to major cities like Sayrow wall O 111 geperate Eiht nt attention and immeasurable commercial value.” Wilson Jr. 
smiled haughtily, pleased with the company’s new investment proposal.
The other attendees overheard the conversation too.
Lance’s and Logan’s eyes lit up with ambition.
Salvador Corporation would not dominate Savrow’s market if someone else signed a deal with Journey Ventures. Everybody wanted a piece of the pie.
Keen on bagging the deal, Gregory clenched his fists.
Although he was peeved that the Reeds did not give primary mM sigeyatintiottne Selvdor ~ orporation, the foundation of their cooperation had been laid out. 
While Gregory was surprised that the Reeds cast a wider net to reach more talents, he understood the principle of not putting all eggs in one basket. 
###chapter1113
Gregory said with a confident smile “Mr. Reed, Salvador Corporation owns several horse tracks in Savrow and other cities. | dare say that my company has the most experience in the infrastructure of stables and tracks.” “Tsk. That’s a bold statement to make.” Logan mocked in hushed tones, contemptuous of Gregory’s choice words.
“Chairman Salvador, it’s true that your company owns multiple horse tracks, but | wouldn’t say your establishment has the most experience, though.” Lance stepped in.
“As the Iverson Group is playing host today, | think you know well that you’re standing in the largest horse tracks in Savrow.” Gregory kept his composure.
“Well, this horse track is new.
Back in the day, Salvador Corporation dominated the market.” Livid, Lance pushed his best friend to the forefront.
“KS Group’s horse track dates back to 30 years ago.
It was the biggest and remains the only track in Hatchbay.
Wyatt wouldn’t even say that he dominated the market, but you sure have the nerve to make that claim.” Wyatt was taken aback. Somehow, he was dragged into the conversation.
With his blood boiling, Gregory took a deep breath to calm down.
Lance kept bringing up his association with the Thompsons.
He likely FTC got himself an ally to go up against Salvador Corporation.
“Besides, what's the point of building a horse track? The breed, quality, and reliable inbound channels of the horses are most important.
KS Group has more experience than Salvador Corporation in raising horses. KS Group has connections to acquire quality horses from abroad.
They have a huge stable in Hatchbay, so the breed and quality are guaranteed. You don’t seem to know much about the market, Chairman Salvador.
It's understandable since Gen Z is taking over now.” Lance expressed his displeasure toward Salvador Corporation sarcastically. The Gen Z comment got under Gregory’s skin.
“Mr.
Reed, Hoffman Group owns stables and great horses.
One of the horses we raised is in the race today.
It's No.
8 is a good even number.
Hahaha!” Liam swooped in as Logan was not in a position to speak.
If Liam could secure a partnership with Journey Venture, he would earn a favorable position in Hoffman Group and Logan’s mind, which would put him above Ryan.
Ryan was a bastard. Liam would rather Ryan just hover around Carrie for the rest of his life.
Sparks were flying between the three bigshots, while Wyatt stayed out of it.
“Bella, your dad sure holds his ground without gettin toit wit the om ontters, \UGBt rmured in Bella's ear, Clearly impressed. 
“Don't you find the opportunity from Journey Ventures tempting?” Bell iii tthe Fay. ce@rémpting "lf y fit it tempting, Wyatt won't let the opportunity slip, too.” Bella nudged him with her elbow. 
“He’s just pretending to rise above it all.
If he were honestly so noble, he wouldn’t have married four wives.” Justin was caught between laughter and tears. Bella did not hold back from putting her father down.
“He’s used to being on top.
It has been years since he initiated contact about striking a deal.
The potential partners either suck up to him or Ash handles the negotiations.
He just can’t put his ego aside and make the first move.” Bella folded her arms and shook her head.
“So, what do we do now?” Justin slipped his rma acqunchter waist, |") getting’ fittle cheeky while no one was looking. 
He ran his fingers along her waist down to her hips.
“Uh...” 
###chapter1114
To Justin’s surprise, Bella frowned and stomped her stiletto heel on his toes.
Justin cried out in pain.
His leather shoes, which were worth thousands of dollars, did not matter.
His toes were probably crushed.
“Have some respect, Mr. Salvador.” Bella flicked her hair back, her curls caressing his face, and the sensation stirred within him. “The next time, a hoof would be stomping you instead.” Justin looked deep into her eyes, his voice hoarse.
“Once we get home, can we...” “We'll talk about it when we get home.” Bella spoke as if she were in charge, but her heart raced and her lashes fluttered bashfully.
Justin had no tears. It was up to Bella whether he could get lucky at all. If only he could share his dilemma with someone.
“Everybody here has experience in managing a track and raising horses.” Intrigued, Wilson had an idea to test the waters with all potential partners.
“Why don’t we have a little contest?” “A contest?” The group was surprised.
“| heard that you either chose or raised the horses that are in the race.
Why don’t we race? Journey Ventures will sign a deal with the person whose horse wins the race.” An uproar ensued. It was rather dramatic, but Wilson had his reasons.
Firstly, the four prominent families were evenly matched, and each excelled in their respective areas.
The race would be a great way to choose a partner, and the other three families would back down in a fair fight. Secondly, Wilson was not keen on working with Salvador Corporation again.
He was not happy with Justin Given Salvador Corporation’s power in Savrow, Wilson did not want to be obvious about his feelings.
The competition would give Salvador Corporation a run for its money.
Bella furrowed her brows at the mention of a horse race.
She was dying to get her hands on the project.
As the ambitious woman she was, Bella wanted to seize every opportunity to make money.
Seeing through her thoughts, Justin whispered, “Didn’t you say Whistle isn’t exceptional? The horses my dad and the Hoffmans brought are great runners.
| think they will set the competition apart.
How sure are you of winning? If you're not confident, |'ll get lan tg mM suitehto e diffeterithotse now.” Justin was truly her man, aiming to give her what she wanted. 
“It's too late now.
Besides, Wyatt is proud and conceited.
If you switch out his horse, you're basically looking down on him.” Bella fell into contemplation. “It's okay.
The horse might not be the best, but the jockey can determine the outcome of the race too.
No matter how impressive a car's performanc s won’ each te ful potential Ginger the right driver at the wheel. 
Our jockey was an international champion, and he has worked with Whistle for many years.
| believe they might surprise us with their ee 2. Qusnein cushdd | towandNthe dr nd nervously approached Wyatt. 
“We have a problem, Chairman Thompson.” Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! Claim 
###chapter1115
All eyes fell on Wyatt. “What's the matter?” Wyatt asked solemnly.
“Our jockey was trampled by an out-of-control horse while taking the horse for a stroll.” The Thompsons exchanged glances in shock.
“What?” With widened eyes, Wyatt asked anxiously, “How is he now? Is he alright?” Wyatt was a capitalist, but he was kind to his people.
The race was the least of his concerns, as the jockey’s safety took precedence. Quentin wiped away his sweat. “He’s alright, but he’s bruised, and he has a broken arm.
| had him delivered to the emergency room, but< he’s in no shape to compete.” “All that matters is that he’s safe.” Wyatt sighed in relief.
“Whose horse injured him? The owner of the horse should take responsibility,” Celeste urged. “Don't worry, Celeste.
Our jockey won't suffer for nothing.
I'll make sure the owner takes full responsibility.” The Thompsons were in a difficult position. Without a jockey, the family had to drop out of the competition and hand over the opportunity. Tensing his jawline, Wyatt was reluctant to give up.
“Chairman Thompson, it’s such a shame that your horse can’t participate in the race.” Gregory expressed lament, but his lips curled.
“But there is always next time. You can try again next year.” Wyatt grimaced harder.
‘Justin took advantage of my daughter, Bella, and now Gregory thinks he can one-up me? Well, not on his watch!’ The lversons and Hoffmans were relieved because they had one less opponent to compete with.
“A shame? You spoke too soon, Chairman Salvador.” Bella drew close with composure, her voice reflecting determination.
Our family is committed to success.
We never let ourselves down.” Gregory froze, feeling tightness in his chest. Bella's words broke the tension in the air.
Justin narrowed his eyes tenderly at his woman.
He looked forward to the surprise she would bring.
“Tsk! The bitch is at it again,” Bethany hissed through clenched teeth.
“Hmph! She's just trying to get some attention because her family is out of the running.” Zoe t irleg\percurts! \! and eneeted fH] can fight for time, but where is she going to find help when the race is about to begin? If she’s any good, she could ride the horse herself. 
Hahaha!” As Zoe snickered, Bella said, unfazed ‘Dag Slcnebresehe RS Arup. ‘the group was shocked. 
What did that mean? Was Bella volunteering herself to-bexthe jookey? Justin yaped ts Balia's back, and his breath hitched. 
###chapter1116
Zoe's eyeballs could pop out of her head.
Bethany snickered and teased, “Oh, your mouth is jinxed.” “Hmph! There’s no point in stopping her since she wants to play the hero.
| hope she falls.” Zoe gritted her teeth and narrowed her eyes dangerously at Bella’s confident face. “Can you do it, Bella?” Wyatt was worried and doubtful.
“You know better if | can do it, Dad.” Bella winked at her father cheekily.
Wyatt, Celeste, and Asher exchanged looks.
They knew that Bella could ride.
However, riding and racing were two different things.
“Ms. Thompson, horse racing isn’t child’s play.
The race concerns a commercial deal and the honor between our four families.
Logan sized the insolent girl up.
“It's fine to back down from the competition.
Chairman Thompson will be heartbroken if you fall or if anything happens to you.” In other words, Bella would be making a fool out of herself.
They all believed Bella would embarrass herself. “Yeah, Ms. Thompson. Do you see any women competing? | don’t think you should participate.” Since Logan had spoken, Zoe joined in the taunting.
“We know that you are competitive, but know your limits.” “Ms. Hoffman, do you think horse riding isn’t a sport for women, or do you believe women are inferior to men?” Bella looked indifferently at Zoe and smirked.
“As far as | know, your grandmother was a well-known equestrian in her time.
Your grandmother represented our country in international competition and brought home the trophy when equestrian wasn’t popular in our nation.
Are you saying that your grandmother's behavior was inappropriate? You can show me contempt, but are you giving your family the same attitude?” “You!” Zoe flushed embarrassedly.
She just shot herself in the foot.
Logan glanced at his reckless granddaughter and shook his head with a frown.
“Um... Ryan.” Carrie drooped her shoulders.
Her fingers gripped Ryan’s hand as she asked shyly, “Bella must have gotten on Zoe’s nerves again. |-Isn’t she scared?” “Scared? Why should Bella be scared of Zoe? Justin yields to Bella willingly. 
###chapter1117
Logan had to stand by Zoe because she was his granddaughter.
However, he had to admit that Bella was a fine, talented woman.
If Justin was dating Bella, Logan felt that he was not opposed to it.
“Dad, Aunt Celeste, Ash, it’s nearly time.
| should change into my gear.” Bella waved at them and walked with Quentin to the tracks.
“Be careful, Bella!” Celeste shouted worriedly.
Bella looked back and gave her the thumbs up.
“The girl just can’t sit still.
Maybe it’s not a bad thing to let her participate in the race.” While concerned, Wyatt did not wear it on his face.
Justin kept his eyes on Bella the whole time until she left his sight.
“You must be surprised.
| bet you didn’t know Bella could ride.” Justin furrowed his brows as Christopher approached with a smile.
The two good-looking men stood alongside each other.
Only God knew how much they could not stand each other.
“Bella is a gift from God to me.” Justin murmured, “A gift is always a surprise.” “You just don’t know much about Bella. You don’t get her at all.
There is no need to dress up your insecurities with such fancy language.” Justin’s breath hitched as he balled up his fists. “Bella and | grew up together.
We have gone through a lot of things together and know each other better than you know us.
Don’t be delusional to think that she’s yours forever just because she’s taken in by your effort for now.” Christopher spoke in hushed tones with a smirk.
“You're living in a beautiful dream, but it will be painful when it’s time to wake up.” “Know each other? Have you honestly let Bella into your world, Christopher?” Justin laughed silently, his eyes deep.
“You colluded with Maxwell and sent your men to South Island to kill Asher.
Are you sure Bella knows about the man that you are?” “Don’t piss me off, Justin.” Christopher curled his lips menacingly, “I can make you suffer.” The smile on Justin’s face was both beautiful and terrifying.
“| look forward to the consequences of angering you.” Despite downing three glasses of champagne, Zoe could not shake off the burning rage.
She sat in the corridor of the lounge alone. While no one was around, she fished out a cigarette and took a puff out of it.
Judging by the way she clipped the cigarette be wean kerdingers, ones was@ Isnt ime smoker. 
“Why are you smoking and drinking away? Did a5 piokehae qetves?" Bethany drew lose while holding her long, elaborate skirt up. 
“Get on my nerves? Who is she to get on my nerv set Zena owed her eyes and fodk another puff, her eyes bloodshot. 
Bethany could not be bothered to expose her lies.
She sat next to Zoe and asked her for a cigarette.
“The bitch can do whatever she wants, but Justin belongs to me.
| will be the wife of Salvador Corporation’s president,” Zoe expressed.
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter1118
Bethany stuck her tongue out.
The way Bethany saw it, Zoe was the one throwing her weight around.
A brief silence later, she sighed and wound Zoe up.
“| think it won’t be easy for you even if you marry Justin.
“Justin is clearly in love with the bitch.
You might just be cheated on.” Cheated on? Zoe put out the cigarette as her grim-looking future played in her mind. “I need to nip the problem in the bud before it comes back to haunt me.” “Easy for you to say. Your family’s little antics might work on others, but Bella’s family is more powerful than yours.
You have nothing on her.
Otherwise, you'd have gotten to her a long time ago.” Bethany put out the cigarette in the ashtray. “| heard that Bella is a pretty good equestrian.
She won first prize in the local youth equestrian competition when she was ten.
She was interviewed abroad, but we simply didn’t know about it.
The bitch is going to steal the limelight again.
Our luck doesn’t seem to be changing soon.” Zoe scowled as a wicked plan came to mind.
“| think our luck will change today.
Since she loves the limelight, she can make headlines by losing her limbs.” “What do you have in mind?” Bethany asked. “The horse race is not just about the pride of our families, but the business deal too.
| want Bella to suffer and KS Group to lose the project.
Either way, | can’t let the Reeds pick them!” Since Zoe’s family owned a horse stable, she knew a thing or two about horses. Her eyes flickered with ruthlessness.
“It's time for Bella to fall off her high horse, literally.” Bethany’s breath hitched as reality sank in. Although Bethany hated Zoe, she had to admit that the girl had guts and no heart.
Half an hour later, the race entered its final stages of preparation.
Bella led Whistle out of the stable.
Its black mane glistened under the sunlight as she tenderly stroked it.
The young horse seemed off, neighing frustratedly.
Its head drooped dejectedly.
“What's wrong, Whistle? Are you sick?” Bella asked worriedly.
The horse trainer who took care of Whistle with the injured jockey sighed.
“Whistle is the most emotional horse in the stable, Ms.
Bella.
It is closest to Malcolm.
Whistle feels bad because Malcolm is hurt.
yu
It’s low in spirit.” “He’s such a good boy, even better than most raeay' 1! Teuched Gellé-d ew close and murmured in Whistle’s ear. 
They were too close for Justin’s liking.
“Whistle.
Oh, Whistle.
My sweet boy, 3/3 Whistle.” Whistle neighed as if to respond to her.
“| know you're feeling down, and the last thing you Se EQis, rac@nidw, but you Keck Fri worked hard for two months for the race. 
He will be upset if you don’t compete. You're a good boy, Whistle.
I'm sure you don't want to disappoint your friend, right?) Bella WhiSpdre' | mdreinitSear 
Miraculously, Whistle found the will to go on.
Bella gleefully hopped onto its back with the utmost grace.
The horse trainer expressed how Bella looked like a warrior going to war. Bella pulled the reins back, and Whistle raised its hooves.
“Come on!” 
###chapter1119
When the hour arrived, the jockeys led their horses to enter the racetrack as the crowd went wild.
The jockeys stood tall and proud amid the offering of flowers and applause.
The announcer introduced the participants and their horses.
While everybody paid attention to the horses they supported, only the VIPS kept their eyes out for a beautiful woman. “The next contestant is...” The announcer stared at the name list and paused.
The place fell silent.
“The daughter of KS Group’s chairman, Ms. Bella Thompson.” The crowd clamored in surprise.
They could not believe Bella would be so bold to compete or that she was equipped with equestrian skills.
Bella was the manager of KS World Hotel, the jewelry designer Alexa, the fashion designer Sharon, and the miracle doctor Dr. Brown.
Now, she’s adding jockey to the list.
She was full of surprises! Nevertheless, jealousy reared its ugly head for some people.
“Can't KS Group afford a jockey? Why must the chairman’s daughter Chap 1119 take part? That's so degrading.” 213 “I know, right? The horse track is dirty and huge.
| wouldn't do it if it were me.” “The horse is an animal.
What if it goes berserk and tramples on her? The woman is willing to do anything for fame.” Dressed in black and white gear, Bella led Whistle confidently.
The crowd fixated on her.
Even those who did not have anything good to say shut their mouths.
She was so beautiful.
Not a lot of women could pull off the monotonous riding gear.
However, Bella was about to overcome the shortcoming of the gear with her figure. She was stunning with her bright eyes and tall, slender figure.
With Bella making an appearance, Justin rushed to the front and gripped the railing. His eyes were fixed on Bella.
“Bella...” He murmured his lover's name.
For some reason, he had the urge to cry.
Zoe stared resentfully at the man’s back and downed another drink with a smirk. Justin could watch Bella all he wanted, as this would probably be the last of her. The sight of his son, his pride and joy, groveling at Bella’s feet made Gregory grimace.
Still, he knew better than to throw a fit.
Instead, he Chapter 1119 3/3 took out his anger on Bethany. “Where’s your mother? The race is about to begin.
Everybody is here for this crucial moment, but shefene di Aske go?) (1) Aghoyed, Bethe blurted, “How would | know? She's your wife. 
You should know where she is.” Gregory furrowed his brows. Come to think of it, Gregory sensed something fishy about Shannon, especially during the horse race.
She had always stuck close to him, but now she en ae distance €polnh\ hin as \if sd out to do something shameful. 
“Paul.” “Yes, Chairman Salvador.” Paul drew close. “Find Shannon and bring her back here.” Paul turned and left.
Bethany’s heart sank as she recalled
that Shannon ould-be getting Gude fio siknbn at the race today. Visit
to read the latest 
She was frightened and angry at herself for being a blabbermouth.
Hence, she took out her phone to send Shannon a text message. 
###chapter1120
“Mom! Dad sent someone to look for you.
Be careful!” Meanwhile, Bella stood out among the male jockeys.
Ryan cheered her on, “Woohoo! You're awesome, Bella! You can do it!” Carrie was not at all angry. She balled her fists as her eyes sparkled in anticipation.
The Hoffmans were speechless.
Nevertheless, they could do nothing about the situation.
They simply pretended not to know Ryan.
“Why are you howling? Are you a wolf?” Justin tore into Ryan.
“Be quiet.
Are you the only one with a mouth around here?” “Hey, I’m a sensitive guy.
If Carrie was in the race, | would hop over the railing and run with her along the track while cheering shamelessly.” Justin scoffed. Ryan was never one to know what shame was.
“You're just acting all reserved.” Ryan patted Justin’s shoulder.
“| know what you're thinking.
You're the most nervous one here.
I'm sure you're worried about Bella.
You should just shout at the top of your lungs like me.
No one will know what’s on your mind if you don’t show it.” “I’m not flamboyant like you.
Besides, who said I’m not showing it?” Chapter 1120 2/4 Justin swallowed hard, and he said in a raspy voice, “I'll show her when we get home.” Ryan raised his brow and chuckled.
“Spice up the bedroom life? | understand.” His best friend was aloof and rarely showed his emotions.
The power of love had changed that.
Justin simply had not met the right person before.
The heavyweights in the VIP seats anxiously watched their horses, which were ready to give their all on the track. Only the Reeds sat with composure.
Wilson dr.
stared at Bella in the fifth lane through a pair of binoculars, his eyes greedily ravishing her tightly clad legs. He swallowed and licked his lip.
The privileged heiress with a surprisingly wild side was up his alley.
At the end of the horse race, Wilson Jr.
intended to persuade his father to ask the Thompsons for Bella’s hand in marriage.
Celeste had observed the Reeds for a while now.
With Wilson Jr.’s attention on Bella, her alarm bells went ringing, and she whispered to Asher, “Ash, Wilson Jr. seems interested in Bella.” Asher’s face fell.
“You can tell too?” He had already noticed Wilson Jr. ogling Bella.
“Um... What do we do? I’m a little scared.” Chap 1120 Celeste furrowed her brows with worry.
“The Reeds run a top company in Meridan.
Wyatt has talked about them before.
We would have to engage with the family if we were to develop our business in Meridan.
What if Wilson Jr. expresses his wish to marry Bella in exchange f
tpership’ Bakes te oe in contemplation before comforting her.” That won't happen. 
Wilson Jr. is pushing forty.
He’s older than Bella by ten years.
Besides, they are from Meridan.
Camilla lives abroad with her husband now.
Dad will never let Bella marry far from the family.” “Even so, Wyatt is trying to break Bella and Mr. Salvador up.
He might just change his mind about the whole marriage thing.” Celeste felt restless.
“Although Dad doesn't like Justin, he won't ruin his § daust ter-s\marriage for selfish 1480 er spoke ina firm tone, but his face looked solemn. 
Wyatt admired his precious daughter through eu cualsaue d,instracted his secretary take @ video and contact the organizer to add airtime for Bella too. 
Bella stared straight ahead, her delicate body packed with power.
The two jockeys beside her gave her looks of disdain.
The delicate princess would probably sulk when she turned up in the last place later.
As the referee let out a shout, the participants leaned forward.
“You can do it, Whistle!” With her body tensing, Bella paced her Chapter 1120 breathing.
Astarting pistol was fired. 
###chapter1121
Fourteen handsome horses shot out like arrows, and among them, Whistle’s starting speed was the fastest. Its explosive strength was the best.
The crowd roared.
Their shouts were getting louder.
Justin watched Bella as she rode the horse, her figure swift like the wind.
His heart thumped, feeling even the blood in his veins surge.’ Go for it, Bella! You can definitely do it!’ “Go!” Bella’s clear voice cut through the wind.
Whistle was as fast as lightning, so much so that she could feel the resistance and pressure in the air. However, nobody who could participate in this competition was weak. Whistle was in the lead for a while.
However, due to its physique, its advantage was not obvious compared to other stallions, even though it had done its best under Bella’s riding.
Soon, a foreigner had caught up. “Hahaha! Good! Good!” Logan was so excited that he tapped his cane on the ground, beaming.
“Did you guys see that? The Hoffman family’s Lightning is in the lead!” Liam took the opportunity to butter him up, showing a thumbs-up.
”You chose Lightning among many other young horses back then.
Your vision is truly outstanding!” Ryan’s lips curled up in disdain.
“Tsk! What a bootlicker!” “Old Master Logan, we've only been through the first lap. It's just a warm-up, and we don’t know who will win in the end.
Isn't it too early to celebrate now?” Christopher smiled, adjusting his glasses. “Mr. Iverson, | know you wholeheartedly want Ms. Bella to win.
After all, you admire her.” Liam had long been annoyed by this arrogant junior, taking the chance to expose him and mocking him.
“But some things in the world can’t be forced.
For example, the woman you love belongs to someone else. The horse you bet on can’t win, even if it tries its best.
It's just genetic superiority.
Lightning obviously has a superior physique, and in the face of absolute strength, everything else is insignificant.” His words not only tore open Christopher’s scar but also implica the other three families.
Christopher pursed his lips tightly, his eyes growing red with hatr Justin watched indifferently. He naturally hoped Bella would win, bu he had to admit that Logan’s words made sense.
“My bastard uncle is a cunning man, but what he said just now was insightful for once.” Ryan leaned against the rail, feeling great satisfaction from seeing Christopher’s pissed-off and pale face.
“Look how delightful that bitch’s expression is! We need evil to suppress evil!” Chap 1121 3/4 “Bitch? Who?” Justin frowned. “Christopher.
Who else? He’s a bitch among the men, always acting innocent and pitiful in front of Bella.
Fucking disgusting! Everyone knows a crying child gets milk.
Since he still needs milk, he should go back to his mother! He's mM despicable dtc. lbw) Onion eagerly wanting to punch Christopher and shatter his glasses. 
Justin did not speak, but he secretly felt that Ryan’s description was quite apt.
As the competition proceeded into the second lap, the gap gradually widened.
At the moment, the first place was taken by the Hoffman family’s Lightning, and Whistle was in second place. Following closely behind Whistle and attempting to overtake it was Dragon from the Salvador family.
The horse rider from the Hoffman family was a burly man.
He whistled at Bella when he overtook her, even taunting her with w Fuck! When “6 Bell aexer Gutter" | syelchultiation’ ay eke did not win this competition, she would retire from riding horses ever again! Bella made up her mind and gritted her teeth, relentlessly urging Whistle to catch up. 
The other horses had been left far behind, ee ef 4s ese threewetelih an\intenséc phe the race into a wets 
Under the stage, Zoe fixed her gaze on Bella. To be accurate, she was staring at Whistle’s leg.
Asinister smile spread across her lips. 
###chapter1122
An hour ago, Zoe summoned Aiden Black, a trusted aide of Logan, to a secluded place, where they secretly conspired. “Uncle Aiden, you’ve been with our family for a long time, working for my grandfather since | was young.
| know you are loyal to us.” Zoe’s eyes shone with tears, looking pitiful.
“Yes, I’ve watched you grow up, Ms. Zoe.
The Hoffman family had been kind to me.
I'll do anything for your family!” Aiden said determinedly, then asked with concern, “Ms. Zoe, did anything happen? You look so pale!” Therefore, Zoe twisted the truth and lied, making up a story about how she was bullied by Bella.
“Not only that... She even wants to snatch my fiance!” Zoe sobbed hysterically, “We love each other and were about to g engaged... Bella wanted to step in and snatch my fiancé away! If | could not get engaged to Mr. Salvador, | would become the laughingstock of Savrow! How will | show my face in public? I'd rather die!” “No, please don’t! You are Mr.
Logan’s precious granddaughter and the only daughter left behind by Mr. Finn! It’s not worth it to hurt yourself because of that Thompson girl!” Aiden had no children of his own.
He treated Ryan and Zoe as his children and was naturally indignant for her.
“Ms. Zoe, that Thompson girl is too evil! How dare she touch your man? She’s gone Chapter 1122 too far!” “Uncle Aiden, do you have any idea how to extinguish her pride? Let her lose the competition so she can’t compete with us for the project or compete with me for Mr.
Salvador.” Zoe cried, but a dark light flashed in her eyes.
She knew that Aiden was a smart man and was ruthless enough.
He could understand what her words implied.
However, the dirty plan could not be spoken from her mouth.
She would be giving others leverage to hold over her! Zoe never trusted anyone. Aiden paced back and forth with his hands behind his back.
Suddenly, he said gloomily, “If we want Bella to lose, we must do something to her horse.” “What do you have in mind?” “The explosive strength of a stallion is scary while running.
Furthermore, they will keep running under their rider’s instructions, stopping even if their leg is injured until they collapse. So I’m plann to give her horse something strong.
If Bella were unfortunate, she would be crippled on the racetrack, and even if she were lucky enough to make it to the end, her horse would be done for!” The competition quickly entered the third lap, which would determine the winner.
Currently, the results are basically determined to be between the Salvadors, Thompsons, and Hoffmans. Cyclone, representing the Iversons, had been left far behind with no chance to contend for the top three.
“Fuck! This horse is too useless!” Seeing that he had lost the opportunity to collaborate with Journey Ventures, Lance stomped his feet in anger.
“| fed you well, but you’ve embarrassed me! What Cyclone... From now on, I'll call you horse shit!” The crowd stifled laughter, “But Uncle Wyatt's Whistle is really amazing.” Christopher did not forget to flatter Wyatt, improving relations between their families.
“Bella said Whistle and Cyclone are about the same, but they are clearly worlds apart. Dad, you should consult Uncle Wyatt more on how to choose a racehorse.
Perhaps we could catch up next time.” His words were indeed a little siding with outsiders.
However, Lance was not angry, thinking that his son’s timing was j right instead. Wyatt showed an amicable smile to Christopher.
“Christopher, your father never once conceded to me.
It would be a miracle if he consulted me for anything.
Whistle’s potential is one thing, but Bella’s excell teidingcskills @réuled aNi@psrSnt actor!” “Indeed. 
Bella is the most perfect woman in my heart.” Sin oken? passionate! gaze follosidd the en enchanting figure on the racecourse, openly expressing his love. 
“Fuck. | feel like punching him whenever this bastard speaks!” Ryan watched Christopher butter up Wyatt. He cracked his fists.
“Hey, you can’t just stand like this.
Your wife will be snatched away by others! Quickly go up there and make your presence known.
ye
Speak sweetly!” “I’m not good at this.” Justin's heartiwes as FYNG \ip.6n Belid onthe Yabk,'b a him off. 
###chapter1123
“Learning never stops! If you don’t know, you can learn with me as your teacher.
I'll take you as my last student and teach you everything | have!” Ryan winked, nudging him with his shoulder.
“Ryan, | feel quite uneasy.” Justin felt heavy for some reason, raising his hand to loosen his tie.
“Me too. | feel like vomiting out the dinner | had last night just by looking at that male bitch.” Ryan made the gesture of puking. “No... | have this feeling that something is about to happen.” Justin’s eyes were clouded with mist.
He did not know if he was merely too concerned about Bella, but he felt an inexplicable dread.
It did not matter whether Bella won first place.
He thought, ‘The most important thing is for her to return safely my side.’ Astrid whispered, “James, Christopher kept cozying up with the Thompson family.
Will Wyatt really marry his daughter to Christopher? That will be bad! If that yiper married Wyatt's favo daughter, wouldn't the Thompson family help him vie for power in o family?! I’m married now, and Charles is crippled.
You have nobody around who could help you.
If Christopher has Wyatt backing him up, he won't take us seriously! He might even threaten your position as the CEO...” “Enough!” Chapter 1123 James interrupted her.
His eyes narrowed, “It’s too early to worry about this. Bella is not a simple woman. She had even done something like marry Justin without telling Chairman Thompson.
How could she obediently follow her father’s orders?” “That’s true...” “Besides, thinking from another perspective, | would rather look forward to the day Wyatt forces Bella to marry Christopher.” Christopher’s gaze was dark as he smiled coldly.
“There would be chaos.” Bella’s forehead was covered in sweat.
She urged her horse on, riding at such lightning speed that it made the audience nervous for her.
“Whistle! Go!” Whistle exerted its full strength, running like the wind.
Two seconds ago, it was still going neck to neck with Dragon, but in the blink of an eye, Dragon was left behind. The distance between them grew until Dragon could not catch up to Whistle anymore.
The burly man in the lead turned back and fiercely glared at Bella, his whip landing on Lightning's rear.
Bella gritted her teeth, her competitive soul ignited, and her eyes were bloodshot.
Suddenly, Whistle stumbled, its breath unstable.
Bella’s body instantly sank, and she sensed something wrong.
Whistle’s current condition was abnormal, She had been in contact with horses for many years and quickly realized that Whistle’s legs were injured.
“Whistle! Stop! Don’t run anymore!” Bella hurriedly ordered, trying to pull back the reins. She could lose the competition, but she did not want anything to happen to Whistle. Unexpectedly, Whistle, who was usually obedient, continued to run wildly.
It was not listening to orders.
It was as if the desire to win burned in Whistle’s heart as well, even stronger than its master.
“Whistle! | order you to stop!” Bella tried her best Feipimiio, butane! dUIAAstcon rol this wild horse. 
The finish line was within reach.
The people in the VIP seats held their breaths, and even the Reeds mM stipightened thele csi. looking at the result of the ra that was about to be revealed. 
“No... It’s not right!” Justin’s pupils contracted, his heart thumping.
Perhaps it was his keen intuition, or
perhaps he FqnseSoMethisg Gigs fon Balld’s overly tense expression.
Justin threw his binoculars and ran forward, disregarding everyone else’s gaze.
“Justin! Wait! Where are you going?! Ryan panicked, but he could not leave Carrie here alone. He was hesitant.
Christopher’s eyes darkened.
He ordered Taylor in a low voice, “Check out what happened.” 
###chapter1124
With just a few meters left, the horse from the Hoffman family was in the lead.
Logan was so excited that his hand, holding the walking cane, trembled.
Liam had even walked to the Reeds, preparing to shake hands with them as a celebration. At this moment, Bella had thrown the victory behind her mind.
She was only worried about Whistle’s safety.
Just as the burly man thought victory belonged to him and was waving his hand to the audience, a gust of strong wind brushed past his side, so fast that he could not see clearly! Immediately after, applause rang out from below the stage like thunder! “Horse number five has crossed the finishing line first! Congratulations to KS Group! Ms.
Bella has won the competition!” With Wyatt as the lead, the Thompson family burst into cheerful roars! “Bella! You're too amazing! Bella!” Even the soft-speaking Celeste happily yelled at the top of her lungs Asher beamed, clapping until his hands turned red.
Seeing that the major project within his reach had slipped away, Logan took a deep breath with a stiff expression. Liam was even more awkward, his hand hanging mid-air.
“| think we don’t need to shake hands now, do we?” Wilson crossed his arms, raising an eyebrow.
Liam could only smile awkwardly, hiding himself away.
Just as some rejoiced and some were worried, the crowd suddenly gasped! “Oh! Look! Ms.
Bella and her horse fell to the ground!” Zoe immediately jumped up and pointed to the racetrack, her eyes shining.
Acloud of dust rose, and Whistle’s huge body suddenly collapsed after crossing the finishing line, crashing heavily after its knees hit the ground and sliding for several meters.
It neighed terrifyingly! Bella was thrown off its back, crashing into an advertisement board at the side! “Bella!” The Thompson family was scared out of their wits.
Wyatt felt his vision go black, and if Celeste did not support him in time, he mi not be able to stand steadily. Asher and Questin had left their sea immediately, running toward Bella.
“Annie... Annie!” Carrie covered her mouth, crying on the spot.
“Don't be scared, Carrie! Nothing will happen to Bella.
Don’t be afraid!” Ryan's heart tightened as he hugged his future wife and comforted her, patting her back. His sharp gaze swept across Zoe.
That damned brat coincidentally revealed a smug smirk, which stung Chapter 1124 his eyes.
Just now, he had his suspicions.
Bella’s incident of falling off the horse happened too quickly, and nobody reacted in time.
However, Zoe noticed it immediately and alerted everyone, as if she knew something would happen.
It was too weird! Bella's back crashed
into the adv ementcbvar sch | riba, hel Et hoe her waist. Visit
to read the latest 
She curled up in pain. At this moment, her mind was blank, panting heavily with her eyes closed. She seemed to hear distant and blurry noises, as if she were in a nightmare.
Just as her thoughts drifted away, Bella heard footsteps ecelaly
ards her | ncarhndniey by om anxious shouts that seemed to be calling her name. 
Was it the medics? Her father? Or brothers... “Bella!” T e next secon | Bella's weak hole fell into a warm embrace that tightly held onto her. 
The sense of irreplaceable belonging brought her spinning consciousness back instantly. She slowly raised her eyes and met Justin’s tearful gaze.
Her lips curled up, “Oh, it’s you...” 
###chapter1125
“It's me, Bella... It’s me.” Justin’s head was buzzing, and his voice was incredibly hoarse, as if his throat were filled with gravel. He hugged Bella’s trembling body tightly, afraid she would vanish into thin air if he relaxed even for a little. He felt heartbroken.
“Bella, where does it hurt? Tell me!” “Whistle... Whistle!” Bella, who had regained her ability to think, immediately thought of that poor horse.
She struggled to break free from Justin’s embrace, crawling towards Whistle, who was panting while collapsing on the ground.
“Bella! Come back!” Justin yelled hoarsely, heart tightening as he immediately followed her! The medics, Asher, and Quentin had arrived at the scene at this moment, but even with so many people, they could not stop Bella! The audience below the stage could not help exclaiming when they saw Justin running madly onto the racetrack, holding the injured Bella in his arms, and looking scared out of his wits.
“OMG... Is that frightened man the Mr. Salvador we all knew?! How unbelievable!” “I never thought | would have the opportunity to see Justin in such a panicked state. Bella is probably the only woman who could make him lose his composure.” “Argh! | am going mad from jealousy! | also want Mr.
Salvador to hug me tightly!” “But if Justin loved Bella so much, why did they divorce back then?!” “Oh! Could it be that Rosalind and Shannon worked together to deceive Justin, causing a misunderstanding between them that led to their divorce? Now that the misunderstanding was cleared up, they got back together?” The crowd buzzed with discussion, but everyone could see that Justin's love for Bella was deep and reserved.
“Hey, you did this, didn’t you?” Bethany whispered coldly in Zoe’s ear.
Zoe’s eyes reddened as she fiercely glared at Bella, who was carefully taken care of by Justin.
Her voice dripped with venom.
“What nonsense are you saying?! She fell because she was unlucky.
What does it have to do with me?” “Do you think your plan was for nothing? It even backfired on you.” Bethany sneered. “Not only did Bella not break a limb, but everyone present witnessed Justin’s irreplaceable love for her.
Perhaps after your little matchmaking stunt, their relationship would grow stronger.” “You... Shut up!” Zoe’s icy glare vindictively shot at Bethany’s face.
Her cheeks were red with resentment.
“If you laugh at me again, I'll make sure you fall harder than Bella! Try me if you dare People from the Hoffman family could do anything!” Bethany gritted her teeth as she confronted Zoe, but she felt afraid insidé.
After all, Bethany’s place in the family was no longer as high as before.
She no longer got affection from her father or mother.
But Zoe was different.
She was Logan’s precious granddaughter.
It would be a loss if she angered Zoe and made herself a target. “Bella! Stop being stubborn.
Go to the hospital now!” Asher was so anxious that his ojgacrackeu but helaasi Vustinkeo Id do nothing to change Bella’s mind. 
“lam a surgeon myself! | know better
about my own body tha matewts | like ygu Belld-disrégardied her pain and kneeled beside Whistle, who gasped for breath. 
Her eyes shimmered with tears as she tremble nd gayesséd 0 mM Hdtse's weakening body. 
###chapter1126
“Whistle... Why did you force yourself?! | told you to stop. Why didn’t you listen to me!?”
Justin stood stiffly by her side, watching how Bella was in distress for her horse. His heart ached as well.
Bella was kind to the core, and what he loved deeply was her pure and clean soul.
The horse trainer quickly rushed to the scene, immediately performing a detailed examination of Whistle on the spot. Soon, they realized the problem.
Whistle’s left leg had been cut at some point, leaving a long and narrow wound.
The wound was located at the back of the horse’s leg and was hidden. Since Bella was in a rush to enter the competition, she and the horse trainer did not realize it.
They could tell with one glance that it was intentional.
Initially, the wound would not be a big deal if they treated and bandaged it in time, combined with enough rest. However, after wildly galloping for a few thousand meters, the injury worsened drastically.
Pus and blood mingled with its fur, and even its bone was visible. The situation could not be worse.
“| want an explanation !” Bella’s eyes filled with tears as she choked “Ms. Bella! | don’t know... | really don’t know what happened!”
The horse trainer was horrified and distressed, almost breaking into tears. “Before the competition, | did a check-up on Whistle, and he was fine. How did this happen?!”
“Bella, Zachary has been with us for a long time and has always been careful while taking care of the horses. He never made a mistake over the past ten years.”
After worrying, Asher regained his rationality and said, “Accidents happen. Moreover, if someone targeted Whistle, we couldn’t prevent it as we were unprepared.”
Bella took a deep breath, but her body could not stop shaking due to the anger.
Justin kneeled on one knee behind her, wrapping his arms around her shoulder to pull her into his embrace. “Bella, someone must have sneaked into the stables before the race to cut Whistle’s leg and immediately fled.
“Leave it to me. | will find the person who harmed Whistle.” Bella was moved. She leaned against Justin’s warm chest, sniffling, her eyes red. If Justin only mentioned her, she would not have felt so touched, but he also said it was for Whistle.
She was deeply touched by this. It meant that all lives were equal in their eyes, and they were both kind and empathetic.
“The culprit must have some knowledge of horses.”
Bella's gaze was dark as she analyzed calmly, “The wound Was) strategic. OneinchGhéldwet, and it
uld not cause such severe harm, but if it were an inch deeper, | would have noticed it before the race began.” 
“There are too many people with knowledge of horses on the racecourse. Where do we start?” Quentin looked anxious and troubled.
“The mastermind could only have two purposes. One was to harm Bella, so we iS Id inygstigater mM starting lwith ople who bear grudges toward her. The other was to harm the Thompson family’s horse to make them lose the race, thus losing the qualification to compete for the project.” 
Veins appeared on Justin's large hands that were caressing Bella’s waist. His eyes shone with a dark light. His assumption pointed to the VIP seating area. Everyone who had grudges against Bella or wanted the opportunity to collaborate with Journey Ventures was gathered there.
“Naturally, there could be someone else bold enough to Diels Buty) sigce the acbideht happened ina flash, we could only consider these two strongest motives,” Justin added coldly. 
###chapter1127
Bella raised her sweaty little face, staring at Justin with shining eyes, carrying a hint of admiration within. However, she would not let him know, afraid he would become arrogant.
“Bella! How are you?!”
At this moment, Christopher hurriedly arrived, followed by Taylor and a few top-notch medics in Savrow, wearing white coats. He summoned them as quickly as possible.
“Zachary, Uncle Quentin, please settle Whistle and prepare the tools. | will perform surgery on Whistle by myself.”
Bella got up with Justin’s support, parting her lips. “And | need a metal plate to hold my waist in place. | don’t need anything else for now.”
“Okay. I'll help you after this.” Justin’s voice was hoarse, and his heart ached for her again.
They walked past Christopher together, neither of them talking to him. or sparing him a glance, totally treating him as invisible. The ignorance was even harder to accept than being stabbed in the throat.
“Bella... Bella!”
But no matter how Christopher called out to her, Bella never looked back.
“Mr. Iverson, Bella obviously doesn’t want to see you, and she doesn’t need your help.”
When Asher passed by him, he lightly mocked, “The one Bella needs has always been Justin. His presence is all she needs.”
Christopher felt a chill spread throughout his body, as if he were drained of his blood. He closed his eyes, and when he opened them again, his gaze was bloody and ruthless.
In an empty medical room, Bella took off her soiled riding clothes in front of Justin, revealing her bruised and battered body before him.
Perhaps the air conditioning was too cold, or perhaps due to anger, she shivered slightly, not speaking a word as she turned her back to him.
Justin took a deep breath. He had been through many battles, but his heart hurt like nothing he had ever felt before. His hands slowly clenched into a trembling fist.
“Hurry up. There are still many things to do.” Bella urged softly.
Justin held back his tears and pursed his lips tightly, clumsily helping to stabilize her waist using a metal plate and wrapping bandages around it.
To prevent Justin from worrying, Bella gritted her teeth and endured the pain throughout the process. Her forehead was covered in cold sweat, but she did not make a sound.
After dealing with it, Justin finally could not hold it in anymore and suddenly hugged her from behind. “Hey...” Bella’s brows furrowed helplessly. The intense emotions from the depths of his heart surged into
Justin's throat, preventing him from making any neonoreke nly Ruraing m tegrs fell fohth is eyes to her shoulder, making her tremble slightly. 
After a while, Justin panted heavily and choked up. “How dare they touch the woman | love most... 1’ll kill them!”
Bella chuckled and endured the pain to raise her peace rea opintont Hin! ow you can't wait but I’m also starting to feel eager.” 
In the VIP area, the atmosphere was tense.
Although the KS Group’s horse won the race, after such an unforunat accident, the ReesieteDitws
i ropriate to talk about the collaboration now. They would appear too cold-blooded. 
###chapter1128
Chapter 1128 After taking care of what Bella entrusted him with, Asher hurried back with a dark expression.
Before Wyatt or Celeste could speak, Wilson Jr. immediately rushed forward and asked worriedly, “Mr. Asher, how is Ms. Bella? Are her injuries severe?!”
“Thank you for your concern, Mr. Wilson Jr. My sister is fine now. Besides a few scratches, the wound on her waist is slightly severe, but Mr. Salvador has already helped with it. Now, he is accompanying my sister to rest in the medical room.” Asher’s smile did not reach his eyes, and his expression was not relaxed.
Hearing that Justin was accompanying Bella, Wilson Jr.’s expression fell. “Oh, thank God.” Wilson expressed a compassionate attitude, gesturing with the sign of a cross on his chest.
Wyatt’s pale face regained some color, and he slowly sat with Celeste’s help. However, he could not be rest assured, immediately standing up again to visit his daughter.
Suddenly, Liam frowned. “Oh! How’s that horse doing?” The crowd became silent.
“Mr. Liam, | went to inquire about it just now. Whistle’s condition was bad. | heard that the Thompson family’s horse trainer did not examine the horse properly, unaware that it was injured. The horse forced itself to finish the race and only collapsed at the finishing line when it couldn’t support itself any further. Such a pity!” The secretary echoed, clearly in cahoots with Liam.
“Then what happened to Whistle’s leg?” Zoe pretended to be worried. “Its leg was broken. It might have to be euthanized!”
“Ah! Euthanized? How scary... It’s so pitiful!” Zoe covered her mouth, tears shining in her eyes as if she were genuinely in distress.
However, the corner of her lips curled into a sinister smile beneath her palm. “Euthanized? Whistle isn’t terminally ill. Why should it be euthanized?!” Celeste was stunned. “Madam Celeste, you might not know this.”
Liam acted as a know-it-all at this moment. “A horse knee joint is connected internally. The injured part would spread and infect other areas rapidly. The better solution is to amputate the leg, but the horse won't live much longer after amputation. Sigh... Whistle is a racehorse. Once a racehorse is crippled and cannot run freely on the track anymore, it will suffer a fate worse than death. So, euthanas a more humane decision to keep it short and simple.”
“Humane? It could live, but you want it dead. Is this the humane solution you're talking about?” Ryan coldly glanced at Liam, who had ulterior motives, feeling like euthanizing his uncle instead.
No, that bastard does not deserve euthanization. He should drink herbicide and suffer a miserable and painful death!
Zoe put on a full act, immediately shedding tears. “Bella knows how to ride, so she must know horses... She should have noticed the leg injury when she rode the horse, right?”
“If so, Ms. Bella’s way of doing things is too ruthless and cruel!”
Bethany took the opportunity to fan the flames and criticize Rel : "A
ayse ghd Wahtdd to win the project, she sacrificed an innocent life. It's such disdainful behavior! 
“Mr. Wilson, Mr. Wilson Jr., you are both infamous horse lovers. Can you really accept such behavior?!”
“Yeah, Mr. Wilson. | hope you can reconsider the cooperation befoy yet degide,’\Liarchithed in. Wilson Jr. looked at his father, whose brows were furrowed with a complicated expression. 
Gregory and Logan’s originally sunk hearts filled with hope again, anxiously awaiting Wilson's decision. After a while, Wilson’s gaze flashed. “The collaboration this time...”
“Mr. Liam, you really know so much about horses for eo lleme whey mM deesg irre fideGddyle is an amazing tool that could let you sea and learn on the fly.” 
As her voice fell, the crowd looked back in shock.
They saw a chilling smile on Bella’s face as she walked toward them with Justin by her side. 
###chapter1129
Chapter 1129 Under everyone's watchful gazes, Liam felt extremely embarrassed, unable to save his pride. “Bella! You're fine... That’s great!” Tears shone in Celeste’s eyes, and she was excited.
Wyatt could not care to bother about business right now. Seeing that Bella was fine, he heaved a sigh of relief. The businessman who usually kept his calm composure even in dire situations now had his suit drenched with cold sweat.
He looked at Justin, who stayed by his daughter’s side from start to finish. Justin’s gentle eyes were only fixed on Bella. When the accident happened, Justin rushed toward Bella without any hesitation. That genuine worry could not be an act.
As the Salvador Corporation’s president, his every move was scrutinized under the spotlight. One wrong action might provoke criticism and even ruin his image, but he did not care at all.
It was as if Justin could give up his position, but he absolutely could not do without Bella. Wyatt’s thoughts drifted as he thought of Bella’s biological mother.
Once upon a time, he had also kneeled before his own father, willing to give up wealth and power to keep his beloved woman by his side.
After that, Wyatt married one woman after another.
The people said Wyatt was an unfaithful playboy. There were rumors that Yara Brown met her depressing end because she could not endure her husband’s multiple mistresses.
No one could understand his thoughts. Not even his children.
However, it did not matter anymore. As long as Yara understood, it was enough.
“Ms. Bella, did | say anything wrong?” Liam put on a fake smile, asking with a cold glint in his eyes. “You're right. But the problem is that those poor little horses did not have me.”
Bella’s eyes shone brightly with confidence. Despite the lingering pain in her body, it could not stop her radiant and dazzling smile. “With my hands, | could even bring a dead horse back to life.”
The crowd looked at each other and sighed.
If it were someone else, they would have thought the person was bragging. But Bella had a unique charm. Her arrogant words did not repulse people. Instead, they thought she had a straightforw heroic personality, looking forward to the surprises she woul
Wilson Jr. tilted his head and stared at Bella with a playful gaze.
“Ha, you've crossed the line with this ridiculous boast.”
Bethany crossed her arms and stood out, her lips curling up in disdain. She thought she rs) amu lexpeeSsioh bt ModKed'twisted and sick. “You rode the horse to death and are afraid of public criticism, so you lied to deceive Mr. Wilson and his son, didn't you?” 
Zoe hid behind her grandfather, smiling evilly. She thought, ‘Bella, you
gave your all but Wate came) (1) eee and your vali ble horse is also ruined. In the end, your family will lose the project, and you'll be looked down upon by the Reeds and the whole of Savrow. It’s all for nothing! You deserve it!’ 
“Bella has reconnected Whistle’s leg
Justin’s sharp gaze glared straight at Bethany’s face. Bethany felt intimidated and shuddered. “Not only that, Dr. Arnold sent someo mM
iver theneluest ona drug developed by the Larson family’s biotech company in time. The drug was effective on humans and works well on animals like horses. Therefore, the infection caused by the knife wound on Whistle’s leg did not spread. We were able to save its life.” 
Asher smiled lightly, his gaze gentle as he thought of the lean figure in a doctor's white coat. On the other end, Arnold sat at home, angrily poking his finger at his phone screen. His screensaver was Asher’s handsome face.
Arnold complained, “Damn it! That bastard! He only thinks of me when something happens and never contacts me if there isn’t!” 
###chapter1130
The crowd was shocked, casting unbelievable gazes at Bella.
“Mr. Salvador, do you mean that Bella fixed the horse’s leg? She reconnected the bones?!” Lance widened his eyes blankly. “Of course, Chairman Iverson. Did you forget that Bella has another identity?”
Ryan’s eyes curled with a smile as he said, “Our Bella is the famous Dr. Brown, known throughout the continents and worshiped by millions! Others might not know it, but how could you not?”
Bella was speechless at his flattery Why did he not just say that she was the ruler of the world!? “Oh... That's right!”
Lance recalled that when Charles’ legs were broken in the car accident, it was Bella who performed the surgery for him. He patted his head in excitement. “Oh! Bella is Dr. Brown! She is our family’s benefactor! I’ve really gotten senile! With Dr. Brown’s skills, is there any bone that couldn’t be fixed?! Even if it shatters into pieces, it’s as easy as building blocks in the eyes of our miracle doctor!”
Bella sighed as she rubbed her temples. They were making it even more exaggerated.
This was why she did not like revealing her identity. People would not stop talking about her, which became annoying. She only wanted to focus on her work and did not want any exposure, let alone the surging power and fame.
“Ms. Bella is Dr. Brown?” Wilson’s pupils contracted. How could he not know about Dr. Brown when their reputation was so widely known? “Mr. Wilson.”
Bella walked to Wilson and bowed her attitude humble. “Although Whistle had sustained the injury before leaving the stable, | failed to notice it immediately and pushed it to its limits, causing the wound to deteriorate. | have an unshirkable responsibility. Even if | reconnected its legs, regrettably... As a racehorse, Whistle will never run freely again.”
Her voice choked up, almost unable to continue speaking.
Justin felt as if his heart was squeezed tightly by an invisible hand. His breath hitched in his throat, and his eyes reddened. He knew all too well how painful Bella’s waist felt when she bent over to bow.
However, he also knew that no matter how much physical pain she was in, it could not compare to the pain in her heart. “What's the use of saying these now? Ms. Bella, isn’t Whistle’s tragedy caused by your competitive nature?”
Bethany sneered and shook her head. “A racehorse that could not stand on the racetrack again. This is more unbearable than killing it.”
“You are the daughter of the Salvador family. You should mind your words.” Gregory looked at her coldly and chastised her.
Bethany pursed her lips tightly and could only swallow her remaining words.
“Ms. Bella, you said Whistle was injured before going on the racetrack. How did it happen?” Wilson Jr. asked the key question at the critical moment. Everyone present was extremely curious.
Bethany glanced at Zoe at this moment. mh okene & 2,|g0ked Calm on\thee sutabe e Secretly clenched her fists. Her heart trembled. 
Justin was not in a hurry to answer Wilson Jr. He walked over whil
disre arding tferother people's
gaze Me held Bella’s shaking waist with his strong arms and carefully supported her. 
Bella's beautiful face had become pale, her forehead covered witha A er of sweats to fhelpair ihe
rfess noble lady immediately ial into a delicate and soft kitten in Justin’s arms, her eyes watery. 
Justin’s breath became hot, and his gaze darkened. His dripping red ears betrayed his emotions.
Wilson Jr. saw it and frowned in displeasure. 
###chapter1131
Chapter 1131 At this moment, Christopher walked over with heavy steps.
When he saw this scene, he felt as if his heart was pierced by a thousand arrows. The consecutive heavy blows almost shattered his soul.
Christopher instinctively grabbed the rail, his left hand curling into a fist as his right hand pressed on his chest, trembling. It hurts.
How could it be so painful? It was killing him.
“Mr. Christopher! How are you? Do you feel uncomfortable anywhere?!”
Taylor’s face turned pale from fright. He wanted to support
Christopher, but Christopher viciously pushed him away. “Get lost! Don’t touch me!”
“Yes, sir...” Taylor retreated to the side, looking at Bella and Jus intimate interaction with resentful eyes.
No matter how badly Christopher treated him, he would not blame his master.
Taylor would only direct the hatred toward Justin, hating him for making Christopher upset and ruining Christopher’s hard-won happiness!
“Whistle’s wound on its left leg was caused by human action. It was a narrow knife wound at a strategic location and depth.” Bella took a deep breath, her watery eyes revealing a hint of anger. “
Our KS Group’s horse is worth millions. We have professionals perform a thorough physical examination on them every day. Since Whistle was about to compete, our horse trainer was more meticulous than usual. But we still could not stop people with ulterior motives from sneaking into the stables and harming Whistle.”
Just as the crowd was stunned, Zoe stared viciously at Bella. ‘| was too merciful for only cutting Whistle’s leg. | should have cut this bitch’s seductive face!’
“Ms. Bella’s analysis makes sense. Our racetrack is very professional, and our internal staff are everywhere. They are reliable and skilled. Unless someone did this intentionally, this type of accident would never happen.”
Since the accident happened on the Iverson family’s racetrack, Christopher would naturally try to clear their name and speak for Bella to prevent the matter from spreading and affecting their business We must investigate this thoroughly and catch the mastermind, bringing them to justice.”
“My son is right. The culprit cruelly cut the horse’s leg and even wanted Bella’s life! How could we let this slide?!” Lance agreed and nodded with a solemn expression.
“Exactly. What difference is this from attempted murder? In my opinion, once we catch the culprit, they should be subjected to the death penalty!” Astrid spoke indignantly.
When she heard the word “death penalty”, Zoe's heart skipped a beat. She sucked in a breath to calm herself down.
What was she afraid of? Bella did not die in the end, so she would not be frightened by a few words!
“Mr. Christopher’s words reminded me.”
Bella raised her eyes and spoke after some consideration. “I’m sure of one thing. The onenaharmed Guistie mst by ihside the racecourse. It does not mean they are related to the lversons, but at the very least, this person is among us now.” 
The crowd nodded. Zoe’s heart pounded nervously, and she felt so tense she wanted to puke.
“The guests gathered here are all of noble status in upper society. They would not go into the stables for no reason since it’s too eye, atehingy\
lugingahelstatt Fro the Iverson family, the people who could enter the stables are the riders and horse trainers from each participating family and the trusted aides of the bosses. They could potentially sneak in as well.” Bella's quick mind immediately narrowed the suspect list as much as possible. 
“If that’s the case... Asher!” Wyatt summoned his eldest son.
“Yes, Dad.” Asher stepped out.
“Investigate everyone Bella mentioned. As long as someone has a horse in theystable, we Karind? mM dveidok Si the subordinates they brought!” Wyatt gritted his teeth and ordered, his broad shoulders trembling slightly. 
It seemed that he was truly burning with anger and unable to hold back anymore. 
###chapter1132
Chapter 1132 “That’s my intention as well.” Asher nodded with a dark gaze.
Wyatt looked at his old friend again. “Lance, Christopher is the Iverson Group’s president, and it will be more convenient with him around. Do you mind letting him investigate with Asher?”
“What are you acting polite with me for?” How could we sit aside and ignore this matter when Bella encountered such an accident?
Christopher, help your uncle out and make sure to thoroughly. investigate this accident and give Bella an explanation!” Lance spoke sternly, feeling grateful to Wyatt.
Wyatt could have called the police for such a large-scale accident, but he chose to settle it privately due to their thirty years of friendship
If they called the police, the media would be alerted. With such a big mess happening on the Iverson Group’s racecourse and the Thompson family’s heiress injured, it would hurt their reputation if word got out.
“Yes. | will do my best to help Mr. Asher.”
Just as Christopher’s voice fell, Justin parted his lips with a cold gaze. “There’s no need to trouble everyone. I’ve already caught the culprit.”
The crowd was stunned.,
Bella stared intently at the man, her eyes shining with amazement and disbelief.
“lan, bring the man over.”
The next second, there was a flurry of footsteps.
Under the escort of lan and another two bodyguards, Aiden staggered to the center of the room, looking disheveled and dirty. “Aiden?!”
Everyone from the Hoffman family, except for Ryan, widened their eyes in shock.
At this moment, Zoe’s face was as pale as ash. She even staggered a step back.
An hour ago, Ryan called Justin to a secluded place on the racecourse.
“Zoe?” Justin's brows raised.
“If that damned brat is not involved, I'll twist my head off and let you sit on it as a stool!” Ryan’s hand, holding a cigarette, shook due to anger.
“You don’t need to offer your head up like that. | have more than enough stools at home.”
Justin took a cigarette from him and hesitated for a while. He only held it between his fingers but did not take a drag. “Zoe is your family. I'll give you a chance to handle it yourself. If you want me to handle it, I’m afraid you won’t accept my way of doing things.”
“| feel like she was involved, or she knew something.” Ryan still had a last wisp of hope for the sister he Ww eked GLOVED Ke Qattedto
d fanaa “But Justin, | don’t have concrete evidence. | think she definitely knows something. She hates that Bella is dating you and has a motive. But Justin, | don’t have evidence. | can't be sure...” 
“Since you fell in love, you've become quite a nag, don’t you realize?” Justin glanced at him lightly.
Ryan was stunned, and he sighed helplessly. “| started to overthin things, unlike Before) When 1 Was BN ee and unrestrained. | could do anything | wanted back then. Now that | have Carrie, there’s more concern.” 
Justin squeezed the cigarette. Although he did not say anything, he could understand Ryan. “Also, | could help you investigate this accident secretly, but...”
“| know. Zoe is Logan’s precious granddaughter. You just announced your relationship with Carrie and needed his support, so at this time, you can’t afford to stir up trouble.”
Ryan nodded incessantly, looking touched because Justin understood him.
Justin’s cold lips curled up as he patted Ryan’s shoulder. “I’m will to.be this villain. hoperkartien Hake aetion, no innocent peop! will be hurt. What | want to see is the evildoers getting the karma they deserve.” 
###chapter1133
On the other side, in the second resting lounge, Shannon eagerly went to meet up with Simon immediately after the race ended. “Simon... Simon... I'm here!”
Sometimes, Shannon felt that since she met Simon, she had aged backward. She even became crazier and more fearless!
For twenty years, she maintained a fake personality in the Salvador family, hiding her true self. She spent every day doing her best to try to please Gregory. Her life was miserable and exhausting.
She had enough of catering to a man she had long since hated to her bone day after day.
Simon’s appearance was like a refreshing rain after a long drought. It rejuvenated her and made her deeply immersed, unable to extract herself from it.
With an excited heart, Shannon knocked on the lounge’s door, her hands trembling.
However, the door did not open, even after she knocked for a while.
She anxiously pushed the door open and entered, locking the door behind her. To her surprise, there was nobody in the lounge. “How could it be? Why is he not here?”
Shannon was sullen, but she noticed an empty table with a syringe on
She could not be more familiar with the liquid inside the syringe. It was a life-saving potion!
Shannon’s breath quickened, and she ran over excitedly. She was about to pick it up when her phone rang.
It was as if Simon had eyes on her. The timing of his call was so perfect.
“Simon! Where are you?!” Shannon’s eyes sparkled, and even her tone was filled with eager anticipation.
“Madam Shannon, there are too many people in the racecourse. If someone caught us, you might not be able to explain yourself.”
Simon seemed to be extra considerate, thinking for Shannon’s sake. | don’t mind what people think of me, but if your reputation gets damaged, | would be upset.”
Shannon was moved to tears. “Simon! You're the best person in the world... | only have you!” “| know you've had a hard time these days without the drug. So, I’ve brought some as a gift, hoping they will comfort you.” After talking for a while on the phone, the two ended the call.
Shannon could not wait any longer. She pulled out the needle, her bloodshot eyes widening in hunger. Then she injected all the liquid in the syringe into her arm.
“Ah...”
Her eyes were covered in mist as she softly collapsed to t egiQund, asiit heg bonesha Ited. Her tears and snot streamed down her face. 
She looked weird, twisted, and ugly.
At this moment, Shannon was no longer the noble mistress of a wealthy family. She was nothing more than a slave to drugs. After feeling satisfied, Shannon slowly walked to the mirror to tidy herself up.
Indeed, with the boost of the drug, she looked radiant and bright again. Even her skin seemed to glow.
However, she felt different after the injection this time, but she could not pinpoint where.
Suddenly, someone knocked on the door. Shannon's heart s ped@ heat infiahtyand aeebiched her chest while bending down, staring at the door like a thief. 
“Madam Shannon, are you inside?” Paul’s indifferent voice came through, causing Shannon’s heart to jump to her throat.
At this moment, she was extremely relieved that Sno ad thougitbtel | mpibnesil earn her. Otherwise, where would she hide him?! 
###chapter1134
After a while, Shannon took a deep breath and forced herself to be calm as she opened the door.
“What is it?”
“Madam Shannon, why are you here? Chairman Salvador is looking for you everywhere.” Paul's eyes kept darting into the room. “I'm tired, so | found a place to rest. What are you looking at? Do you suspect that I’m hiding someone?”
Shannon crossed her arms and leaned against the door, mocking coldly, “Someone with a dirty heart truly sees the world through a dirty lens. Go in. Sniff around and check carefully! You’d better be able to find a man in there, or | won’t spare you!”
“Madam Shannon, you misunderstood. | don’t mean that.”
Paul said nothing else and smiled humbly, gesturing for Shannon to follow him. “Chairman Salvador wants you to go to the VIP area immediately. Everyone is there except for you. He’s worried people will talk, so please follow me.”
The atmosphere was tense in the VIP area. Zoe hid behind Logan, her face ashen, standing motionlessly as if she were frozen.
Aiden had been working for her grandfather for as long as she could remember. He would help Logan carry out countless dirty deeds and handle everything properly each time, leaving no traces. Why did he get caught so quickly this time? Impossible!
The other Hoffman family members were also shocked, their heads buzzing. “Aiden... How could it be you?!” Logan’s body shook, and Liam quickly supported him.
He had personally adopted Aiden from an orphanage and spent a lot of effort and resources to train him. Aiden was his secretary on the surface, but he had long treated him as a foster son. They had a good relationship.
“Mr. Hoffman, |... Ah!”
Before Aiden could finish his words, he felt an excruciating pain in his back when lan kicked him. Everyone was stunned.
Bella’s pupils contracted, and her nerves tensed up.
She did not expect that lan, who always followed quietly behind Justin and revealed no emotions, had such an impulsive side. It was just so he could get justice for her.
At this time, Justin gently held her waist and said softly, “Are you frightened?”
“Tsk! Why would | be scared when someone else is getting beaten?” Bella snorted disdainfully, but the warmth at her waist made her heart itch.
“In the past, | was always the one on the borderline of exploding, and lan would scramble to comfort me, asking me to keep a cool head.”
Justin narrowed his eyes and nodded slightly in satisfaction. “This is the first time he acted recklessly and couldn't contain his emotions. It’s all for the sake of his Young Madam.”
Bella’s long eyelashes fluttered. Justin’s deep voice and his breath near her ears made her want to lower her face shyly as an electric current ran down her spine.
lan’s kick was too quick.
He was not satisfied and kicked Aiden’s rib cage again flaycey. cael ayes yereracMofRertucker How dare you try to harm our Young Madam?! Are you tired of living?!” 
“How audacious! A mere secretary dares to touch someone from our family?!” Liam shouted, his brows scrunching in anger.
Everyone from the Hoffman family immediately rushed forward an m stood hehing pouandlaring Gtlan anyrily. Some were even itching to cripple lan, only waiting for an order from their master. 
“Who dares to touch my secretary?” Justin’s eyes were dark as he coldly swept across the Hoffmans, his gaze carrying a chilling anger.
Justin was like a king who held control over the situation. His gaze was oppressive to the people present. The crowd immediately fell silent. Seeing this, lan’s fearless face immediately flushed with excitement. He even looked at his boss with tearful eyes.
“Mr. Salvador, your dog dares to beat my secretary in public. Who ordered him to do so? tS the lewly people desenalt&st nh our heads now!?” Logan’s gray eyebrows furrowed. “You kept saying that my secretary harmed Ms. Bella and her horse. What do you mean by that?” 
###chapter1135
“Yeah, Mr. Salvador. Can the Salvador Corporation’s president do whatever he wants without regard to the law? Be mindful of your words, or I'll sue you for slander!” Liam pointed at Justin’s expressionless face without an ounce of respect, relying on Logan’s support.
Ryan hugged Carrie tightly, rubbing her shoulders, as all he thought of was protecting his girlfriend. He even rolled his eyes at Liam.
Someone from the Hoffman family was accusing others of disregarding the law. How ridiculous! “Justin, did you investigate clearly before saying something like this?”
Shannon happened to bump into this scene as Paul led her back. She immediately joined the group in chastising Justin, smoothly easing into her villainous role. “Our family has been friends with the Hoffman family for generations, and you're like a brother to Ryan. How could you make such accusations? It will hurt the harmony between our families. Ryan wouldn't feel good about it too, right?”
Ryan quickly made himself clear, unable to handle any more sarcastic words from Shannon. “Madam Shannon, I’m on the side of justice. If necessary, | can even sacrifice my family. Don’t take the opportunity to provoke my relationship with Justin!”
Shannon was speechless.
The Hoffman family members went quiet as well, their expressions dark.
“So, in your eyes, harmony and image are much more valuable than life, right?” Justin smiled coldly, his lips as sharp as a blade. “Ahem... | didn’t say that...”
“Because this man injured the horse Bella was riding, she fell off while the horse was galloping and nearly lost her life. Do you think | don’t deserve an explanation? Do you think | shouldn’t get my revenge?”
Justin’s reddened eyes surged with bone-chilling hatred, his trembling voice pausing at each word, nearly getting his teeth while his heart felt shattered in pain.
“No matter who the culprit is, | will make sure they die a horrible death. Don’t assume | will care about image or reputation. The only thing | care about...” Justin turned around, his deeply affectionate gaze staring at Bella without hesitation. “...is her.”
Bella’s eyes turned red. She teared up as she met Justin’s deep gaz
At this moment, it was as if even her heart was surging with emotions.
“Fuck! He’s too cool!” Ryan cursed under his breath, feeling jealousy and admiration for his best friend. “Wow... Justin really loves Annie.” Carrie leaned her head on Ryan’s chest, relieved.
Carrie knew her mother hated Bella and was worried at first. ‘With
Justin here, Annie would not be bullied anymore.’
“| love you so much too, honey.” Ryan’s warm kiss landed on her cheek.
“| know. You say that every day, even my ears are callused listening to it.” Carrie's soft voice was coquettish.
“Carrie, believe me. | will be like your brother. Even if the world turns against us, | will never leave you, and | will protect you forever.” Ryan's affection was deep, and his eyes shone with sincerity.
Carrie lowered her eyes, pursing her lips as she kept silent.
Compared to being protected like a fragile flower, Carried hoped to help Ryan too. Even if she was clumsy and foolish, unable to do anything, she did not want to cause trouble for the man she loved most.
Some were happy for Justin and Bella, while others were cold.
Everyone knew Justin's decisiveness and ruthlessness. Who coul stop him?
Zoe’s eyes were bloodshot from anger. She stifled a cough and fe like her lungs would explode. Bella got everything she had dreamed of. Zoe’s scheming only pushed Justin further away!
“Mr. Salvador, you say Aiden did it, but do you have any evidence?” Logan asked coldly. Justin’s lips curled up into a smirk, and he was not in a hurry to talk.
Aiden’s mind spun. He guessed that Justin did not have conc ete- om exidence but Wabrherely ollowing some hearsay or someone's tip- off to interrogate him. 
Aiden gritted his teeth and said, “I did nothing... | went to the stables onlyito chegh on Gut horse. | never touched the Thompson family's horse! 
“Mr. Salvador captured me without reason and allowed his men to ISToR ai hae against the Hoffman family? Or do you want to use this despicable method to settle personal scores?” 
###chapter1136
Chapter 1136 Bella seethed with intense rage, her fingers tightly clenched in frustration.
This despicable woman had a silver tongue and was truly adept at distorting facts and twisting the truth. Despite her clear intention to commit murder, she shifted the blame onto Justin, hoping to sow discord and strain relations between Justin and the Hoffmans, all to garner Logan's support for herself.
“Justin, this issue concerns the reputations of two influential families. You must not treat it lightly!”
Suddenly, Shannon took on the role of a concerned matriarch, expressed her concern for the younger generation, and emphasized the need to consider the broader implications. “We understand that you've always felt indebted to Ms. Thompson because of the divorce. Naturally, you’d want to help her seek justice...”
“Seek justice? Mrs. Salvador, how did you come up with such accusations?”
Liam became increasingly dissatisfied as he questioned Justin with furrowed brows. “When have we ever offended you that you'd take it out on us? Are we supposed to be your punching bags? Don’t overstep your boundaries!”
Liam's words sparked resentment among the Hoffman family members. Their gazes toward Justin were hostile.
“Oh dear, Mr. Liam, you’ve misunderstood. There’s no bad blood between Justin and the Hoffmans. In fact, Justin is best friends with Ryan.”
Shannon’s lips curled into a sly smile, and her cold gaze turned
toward Bella. “It’s Ms. Thompson who holds a grudge against the Hoffmans. Everyone in Savrow knows that Ms. Thompson and Ms. Hoffman are always at odds. Given Ms. Thompson’s recent accident and their nearly losing the competition to the Hoffmans, it's understandable that she feels unsettled. Justin, your desire to help Ms. Thompson seek justice is perfectly justifiable.”
Everyone was stunned.
It was obvious to everyone that Bella and Zoe were not on good terms. But to seek revenge by directly tarnishing the Hoffman family’s reputation was a despicable tactic.
Wyatt’s face turned pale, his lips pressed into a thin line. He did not even want to interact with the despicable and shameless Shanno
Just as Justin and Asher were about to speak, someone else spoke up first. “Shannon, it’s surprising that after all these years, you still haven’t learned your place.” The timid Celeste stepped forward, and her clear eyes were sharp.
“Over twenty years ago, you enjoyed causing trouble, and now, two decades later, you’re still resorting to such despicable and malicious actions. You're not fit for upper-class society! But you’ve chosen the wrong target this time. Bella has always been dazzling. Her numerous acts of kindness earned her widespread respect in the Hatchbay community. Your attempts to tarnish her reputation won’t succeed.
I'm also not the same Celeste you once manipulated. You can insult or degrade me with that venomous tongue of yours, but don’t even try thinking of harming Bella the same way!”
The revelation left everyone shocked.
Celeste, known for her gentle nature, had spoken with an unexpected aggression, making it probably the harshest thing she had ever said.
She did not step forward to defend herself but chose to do so because she could not bear seeing Bella bullied by this vile woman.
“Aunt Celeste...” Bella’s voice was choked with emotion. She was on the verge of tears.
“Heh! Mrs. Thompson, when have ever spread rumors about you? You shouldn’t spew nonsense like that.”
Shannon shrugged, feigning innocence while delivering cutting remarks. “Every word I've spoken is the truth, isn’t it? It was you wh failed to uphold ate) stakddraS by ' sbecunibing to the temptation of forbidden drugs, resulting in you pissing yourself and tarnishing your reputation. Who pressured or forced you into doing that? If you were truly innocent back then, why didn’t you present evidence to clear your name? Why did you choose to disappear from the entertainment industry completely?” 
She continued, “And now, do you think you're different because you're the esteemed Third Madam of the Thompson faeni 2 Espevially dinde | you'ge Yiven birth to a daughter for Chairman Thompson? Do you think that everything has changed? Is that why you've seized this opportunity to come forward, hoping to exploit the Thompson family's power to seek revenge and vent your frustrations? Hahaha... 
You said that | don’t belong to high society? Are you any better as a lowly mistress?” The air in the room was tense and silent. Even the Hoffmans were shocked, finding Shannon’s words too audacious and crossing the line.
Bethany watched as Gregory's expression darkened. Hi lips. om teitehed. anulnistdee‘turned ashen, causing her to panic and break out in a cold sweat. 
Even Bethany felt that Shannon had gone too far. Her words were practically equivalent to pointing fingers and hurling insults directly at Celeste. “S-Shannon!”
Celeste’s eyes blazed with hatred, her entire body quivering with rage 
###chapter1137
Just then, Wyatt wrapped his arm around Celeste’s shoulder. His warm palms pressed gently against her shoulder, and his fingers exerted a subtle pressure.
Though he remained silent, Celeste could clearly feel the steady rhythm of his heartbeat. With tear-filled eyes, she found solace in his presence, knowing she had a refuge for her troubled soul.
“Chairman Salvador, as the head of the household, can you do something to control this foul-mouthed woman from your family?” Wyatt’s voice suddenly turned cold. His sharp gaze seemed to pierce through Shannon’s very core.
Everyone was shocked to hear that.
Foul-mouthed woman?!
If he were to wear a mask, nobody would have guessed that these words came from the prominent businessman, Wyatt Thompson!
Shannon’s face was flushed with humiliation and fury. Her face was as red as a beet.
However, when she met Wyatt's fierce gaze, she visibly flinched.
Justin was completely stunned, unsure of how to react. “Chairman
Thompson... That was unexpected. Bella, | think | know where you got your attitude from now.”.
“Well, outsiders are always surprised to find out this side of him. He’s been like this ever since | was born. He’s even more aggressive at home. Get used to it.”
Just as Bella finished speaking, her phone suddenly buzzed. She glanced discreetly at it, her long eyelashes drooping. In an instant, Bella fixed a cold gaze on Shannon, her lips curling upwards.
“Shannon, your behavior this time was clearly inappropriate. You need to apologize to Mrs. Thompson now” Gregory ordered, his tone icy as he took a deep breath.
Shannon seethed with fury, her teeth clenched painfully against her gums. She had underestimated Wyatt's protectiveness toward Celeste. It was a level of care she had never received from Gregory.
But while she dared to confront Celeste, she dared not provoke Wyat So, through gritted teeth, she apologized in a low voice, “I was momentarily carried away by my emotions earlier and lost my composure. I’m sorry, Mrs. Thompson.”
“Heh, is that all you have to say?”
Wyatt’s gaze was piercing, burning like fire. “Do you think you can just mess with the Thompsons as you wish? Do you think you can just bully my woman as you like? Also, you used malicious words against my daughter earlier. Do you think | was deaf and couldn’t hear what you spewed? You got on my nerves, and now you think a simple apology will suffice? There’s no such bargain in this world.”
“Chairman Thompson, what do you want, then?” Gregory was growing impatient. Although he was, displeased with Shannon for causing trouble, Wyatt's attitude toward the Salvadors also irked him.
“| want your foul-mouthed woman to slap herself twice-one for my Celeste and another for my daughter. For the sake of Old Master
Nigel, I'll let her off easily this time.” Wyatt demanded casually.
However, it hit everyone else like a nuclear bomb! Demanding Shannon to slap herself? Why did Wyatt not find someone to humiliate her more directly?
“Y-You're being ruthless! I’m a wealthy tycoon’s wife! I’m Chair Salvador’ s.wife! How daré you
d fh such a thing?!” Shannon protested angrily, stomping her feet and yelling in frustration. 
Though Gregory’s expression was grim, he did not to Wyatt’s request. Nevertheless, Wyatt could not wait any longer and angrily called out, Quentin!” “Yes, sir!”
Quentin was more than just a mere assistant. He was, likecwyatt's (rusted alde@lWays ready to carry out his command. 
In an instant, he was standing before Shannon. Before anyone could react, he swiftly raised his arm and delivered two sharp slaps to Shannon’s face. “Argh!” Shannon cried out in pain, her cheeks instantly turning red and swollen.
Back then, Quentin had a ninth-degree black belt i karate, ity
s morecttich. dadegh tor Shannon to learn the hard way not to mess with the Thompsons. 
###chapter1138
Though Shannon got slapped before their eyes, no one moved to intervene. Even the Hoffmans, who spoke in her defense earlier, remained silent.
Why? It was because nobody dared to provoke Wyatt again.
Carrie was stunned, and with Ryan tightly holding her, she could not even budge. Witnessing her mother getting slapped, Bethany did not even dare to breathe heavily, behaving like a turtle retreating into its shell.
Bullying the weak and bowing to the strong seemed to run in the family.
“My apologies, Mrs. Salvador, but this is the consequence of your actions. | hope you'll learn to be more cautious in the future.” After his cold remarks, Quentin emotionlessly returned to stand beside Wyatt.
“Y-You...!”
Shannon wanted to retaliate, but realizing she was alone, she adopted another approach. With her swollen face from the blows, she tearfully pleaded with Gregory. “Greg! I’m your wife... Are you really going to stand by and watch your wife get treated like this? In front of our children... | can’t take it anymore, Greg!”
She knew that men valued their pride.
Even if Gregory did not care about her, he would definitely not ignore the challenge to his own dignity.
Gregory was just about to speak when suddenly, the large screen in the center of the grandstand across the racetrack lit up. Instantly, everyone focused their attention on this enormous screen.
“Look! What the hell is that?!”
“It looks like a surveillance recording, but the quality is much better than usual.”
“Huh? Wait... Why does that woman in the footage look so familiar?”
“Damn! How could she not be? Isn’t that Shannon?”
Every movement and word uttered by the person in the footage was exceptionally clear.
Everyone witnessed Shannon picking up a syringe and injecting it in her vein in the footage.
A few moments later, the woman’s gaze became unfocused. She burst into uncontrollable laughter and began to dance around. She lay on the ground shamelessly writhing her body and letting out inappropriate moans from her throat.
Then she began to undress herself and run her hands all over her body.
Soon after, she appeared completely naked on the large screen, her hands still roaming over her own skin.
“What the heck! What is Shannon doing?! That looks horrible!”
“Isn't it obvious? It’s the hallucinogenic ere oMgre gets 111 aftectakinsg a e must have injected drugs!” 
“Quick, record it! Once it's cut off, it will not replay again!”
“Everyone's watching this explicit content. Besides, it’s an cenggred, videp of @haiiman Galvador's wife. | have to store this properly. It's going straight to my hard drive!” 
Boom-! A deafening thunderclap echoed through the air, striking directly above Shannon’s head.
Her face turned pale, and she was confused as st area hlanklyatithe naked image SF Kee on the screen. She then closed her eyes and shook her head. 
When she opened her eyes again, everything was still there. It was not an illusion.
It was like doomsday! 
###chapter1139
“What’s going on? How could this happen?” Gregory’s pupils trembled violently, his face flushing red gradually. The veins in his neck were pulsating as if they would burst. 
He did not want to admit that the repulsive woman on the screen was Shannon, whom he had shared a bed with for over twenty years. 
However, he could not deceive himself. It was undeniably Shannon! 
The members of the Thompson, Hoffman, and Iverson families, including the Reed father and son, all stared fixedly at the enormous screen, too shocked by the overwhelmingly impactful scene to react. 
Ryan, knowing what was about to happen, immediately pressed Carrie’s head into his chest, swiftly scooping her up before she could even comprehend the situation and leaving at the fastest speed possible. 
“Haha… Damn, this is really exciting. 
Zoe’s eyes gleamed with mischief and excitement. She jokingly nudged Bethany, who was completely frozen, with her elbow. Her delight in others’ misfortune could not have been more evident. “I always wondered why you were so carefree in private, living so recklessly. Well, I guess you’ve learned it all from your mother.” 
Bethany was well aware that Zoe was trying to humiliate her, yet she was too frightened to utter a single word. 
Cold sweat trickled down her pale cheeks, and her body trembled uncontrollably.
Suddenly, Justin’s starry eyes widened, a mixture of astonishment and delight flooding within him. He felt a rush of heat throughout his body, as if flames were burning within his chest, and his blood seemed to roar and boil with excitement. 
In one swift motion, he pulled the petite woman beside him into a tight embrace. His large hand gently traced the curves of her slender waist. With fiery eyes, he questioned her in his husky voice, “Darling, why didn’t you tell me about this?” 
Bella raised her chin and met his gaze. His fiery eyes were captivating. “I wanted to give you a little surprise. What fun is there going to be if I tell you about it? Do you like it?” 
Justin’s warm breath brushed against Bella’s delicate nose. In the next instant, he gently grasped the back of her neck with one hand, pressing his fervent kiss on her soft lips. 
Bella felt his deep and heavy breath, along with the subtle quiv their intertwined tongues. 
Her agile fingers pulled at his tie, playfully teasing as she gave it light tug downwards with a teasing allure. 
She felt elated, relishing in the instinctual reaction of the man she loved. 
While everyone was captivated by Shannon’s drama, it provided them with the chance for affectionate intimacy and heartfelt moments together. 
After a brief moment, they slowly parted from each other. 
Bella’s rosy blush stained Justin’s thin lips, rendering them redder 
“You’re being quite naughty. But I like it.” 
Due to this sensational scene, the racecourse was abuzz once again.
Surprisingly, as the hosts of the event and owners of the racecourse, the Iversons did not send anyone to turn off the screens but instead allowed the situation to escalate. 
In any case, Shannon was done for. 
It was as if the Iversons were using her scandal to ignite a promotional campaign for their racecourse. 
Shannon likely never imagined that after a lifetime of benefiting from others, she would be left with nothing but scraps one day. 
“Greg… Greg… Listen to me! I can explain!” 
Shannon desperately clung to Gregory’s arm, her lips quivering was drugged… Someone drugged me… That’s why I became like th I’m the victim! You have to trust me… Greg!” 
Just then, a series of brisk footsteps drew near. 
Several police officers in uniform entered the VIP seating area and headed straight for Shannon. 
“Shannon Quarry, you’re suspected of drug trafficking, possession, and usage. You are officially under arrest.” 
Cling-! 
The cold handcuffs gleamed as they snapped onto Shannon’s wrists, sending a chill through her heart. 
“I didn’t do it… I didn’t… I didn’t!” 
Suddenly, she felt a warm stream of liquid flowing down her thighs. 
Under the gaze of the watching crowd, she lost control and wet herself.
###chapter1140
Everything unfolded like a meticulously rehearsed script.
Right after the exposure of Shannon’s drug abuse in the backstage lounge, the police promptly moved in to apprehend her. Meanwhile, the spotlight shifted to the VIP seating area on the large
screen.
The large screen magnified and displayed the dramatic scene of Shannon’s frantic demeanor, her public loss of composure, and subsequent apprehension by the police in vivid detail.
In her days in the entertainment industry, Shannon had always envied Celeste for being the leading actress and for having close- ups that
etched her face into the audience’s memory. Shannon longed for the day when she would receive similar treatment Now, the moment she had been waiting for decades had arrived.
However, this unforgettable humiliation also propelled her to fame, becoming a topic of national gossip and immortalized in history.
“Oh my gosh... Did Shannon just wet herself? The dignified wife of a tycoon, scared into wetting herself by a few cops? Hahaha... How
pathetic!”
“Are you stupid? That wasn’t fear. It was drug-induced incontinence!” “| told you so. This isn’t the cops’ first time arresting Shannon. Besides, with the support of the Salvadors behind her, even if the
police arrested her, they wouldn’t just sit back and do nothing. What does she have to fear? It seemed like she couldn’t hold it in and wet herself! How embarrassing! I’d rather die than do something like that!”
As the police escorted Shannon away, she was still trembling, with urine dripping down her legs. “Greg... Help me... I’m inhocent... Someone framed me! Greg!”
Gregory stared at the filthy liquid on the ground and the pitiful sight of Shannon. He was so shocked that his head felt like it was exploding. His eyes were wide open, yet he was speechless.
Time and time again, his wife challenged his understanding and pushed his limits.
“Chairman Salvador, | just sent some of our men to have the screen shut down, but | heard that the staff from the Iverson family stopped us. They didn’t allow anyone from the Salvador family into the control room. It seems this is a setup. With the police involved, they have been colluding right from the beginning,” Paul whispered to Gregory.
“Colluding with whom?!” Gregory raised his voice with urgency.
“Well... I’m not sure yet, but I'll find out the details of the incident as
soon as possible.”
Gregory’s mind was buzzing in confusion. However, amidst it all, he suddenly recalled an incident from twenty years ago. Back then, at the TS Channel anniversary gala, Celeste also wet
herself, just like Shannon, and it was on the live broadcast.
At that time, both he and Wyatt were present as special guests and
had witnessed the entire incident.
The subsequent struggles faced by Celeste after the drug incident were widely known and observed by many. There were rumors that she battled severe depression and attempted suicide multiple times afterward. Only through Wyatt’s unwavering support and
accompanying her for treatment aboard did she manage to overcome the darkness and gradually recover.
Now, two decades later, a similar nightmare unfel ded-pefore. com everyone’ Seyes, this time affecting Shannon. 
Gregory could not help but feel like it was a meticulously planned act
of vengeance.
Consequently, Gregory instinctively cast a resentful glance toward
Bella.
Bella and Justin shared an intimate gaze, their eyes filled with laughter and affection.
Her captivating eyes and the triumphant smile on her lips felt like a profound insult to Gregory.
“Your reinforcements came just in
time.” Bella i shovene pero eyes Ge cuprinalyand'p! lly nudged Justin
with her shoulder. 
Justin’s heart melted at her touch. He lowered his gaze to lo ekwarmiyat' | hel. ewelltshF it capone ete of your excellent guidance?” 
Bella could not bear his flirtatious remark and blushed shyly. “If it weren't for your excellent groundwork beforehand, this arrest
wouldn't have had such a surprising and earth-shattering effect.” 
###chapter1141
“My dear Bella, you’ve done well. All I did was assist you.” Justin’s eyes softened gradually, his heart trembling intensely, unsure of how to properly thank her. 
It seemed like he needed extra effort to shower her with love tonight.. 
Justin thought, ‘No, I want to cherish her for a lifetime and love her to 
the end of time.’ 
“However, I just heard from the police that they arrested her on drug- related charges. Why didn’t they…” Bella could not help but feel a little 
puzzled. 
Justin’s eyes darkened, “I’ll tell you the details of my plan when we get 
home tonight.” 
With Shannon’s arrest, everyone except the young couple was caught 
off guard. 
Even Asher was shocked, shooting his sister an astonished look. 
Meanwhile, Bella cheekily responded to him with a wink. 
Wyatt embraced Celeste’s trembling and gently asked, “Did it frighten 
you?”
Although seeing Shannon get what she deserved was indeed. 
satisfying, Wyatt was still worried it might trigger Celeste’s trauma. 
“Wyatt, I’m not as fragile as you think. Besides, I’ve been waiting for this day for as long as I can remember.” 
Celeste left Wyatt’s embrace and walked directly to Bella, her gaze 
voice 
andled with gratitude. 
“Thank you so much, Bella.” 
Bella blinked innocently, feigning ignorance. “What do you mean, Aunt Celeste? I haven’t done anything.” 
“I know. I understand everything…” Celeste’s eyes welled up with tears as she held Bella’s hand tightly. “Bella, I’ll forever owe you one for this. I know that I can never fully repay your kindness. But I promise that I’ll make it up to you in this lifetime.” 
“This is nothing but karma in action. Shannon’s downfall today is simply divine retribution. Don’t dwell on it too much, Aunt Celeste. Go home and have a good sleep. Take Amelia on a trip abroad, and I’ll keep you updated on the situation here. I have a feeling there’s more drama to come. Shannon’s streak of bad luck is far from over.” 
Despite not claiming credit for her actions, Bella’s words subtly hinted at a deeper intention. 
Meanwhile, Christopher stood unnoticed in the shadows, adjusti his glasses with a grim expression. 
“What do you think about this matter?”
Taylor pondered briefly before responding in a serious tone, “I believe it was a setup orchestrated by Ms. Thompson and Justin. They have 
a deep-seated grudge against Shannon, so they’re definitely out to get 
her by any means necessary.” 
“How’s Maxwell doing?” Christopher abruptly changed the subject. 
“Our men have closely monitored him, and he’s still in Savrow.” 
Christopher let out a sinister chuckle, his fingers curling tightly until her knuckles turned white. “I think it’s time for him to leave Savrow.” 
Taylor was surprised. “But Maxwell had made many unreasonable demands before, asking you for money and even a private jet from you… Didn’t you say that we should keep him in check for now? Why the sudden change?” 
“Just give him whatever he wants. As long as it gets him out of Savrow.” Christopher’s tone was firm, leaving no room for argument. 
Taylor had a sudden realization, nodding firmly. “All right, Mr. Iverson.” 
The central screen at the racecourse went dark, but the excited chatter among the crowd did not cease. 
During the chaos, Logan seized the opportunity to signal to Liam. 
Liam immediately took advantage of the distraction and approached Mr. Reed and his son. With a smile, he said, “You’ve traveled a long way here. The Hoffman family wishes to extend our hospitality to
esteemed guests. I guarantee that we will ensure your satisfactio during your stay. Besides, given the unfortunate situation, I think Chairman Iverson and Chairman Salvador will have some issues to 
deal with and might not have time for you. Why not join us for some 
rest first? What do you think?”
###chapter1142
While Wilson hesitated, Justin’s deep and magnetic voice pierced. through the air like a sharp sword. “Mr. Logan and Mr. Liam, are your trying to take advantage of the situation and run away? Heh, the mighty Hoffmans, renowned for their grandeur, yet it seems like you’re all talk and no action. You’re nothing but a coward.” 
“A coward?! Who are you insulting, Justin? Watch your words!” Liam 
shouted angrily, his face turning red. 
The crowd was utterly bewildered, their jaws dropping to the floor. 
When Wyatt cursed at Shannon, it was understandable. Firstly, 
Shannon deserved it, and secondly, Wyatt, as a prominent figure, was 
on equal footing with Gregory, if not even more influential. 
If he lost his temper, Wyatt would even dare to insult Gregory. 
Besides, who would dare to stop him? 
But how could Justin, a junior, dare to confront Liam like this? H 
would this affect his future dealings with the Hoffmans? Was he n 
afraid of being targeted by them? 
Bella gazed up at Justin, her heart pounding faster with each passing. 
moment.
She silently resolved that even if Justin offended the entire city of 
Savrow, she would stand by his side, facing whatever consequences 
with him. 
She was eager to see who would dare threaten her partner. 
Logan was infuriated. His eyes darkened with anger as he slammed his cane on the ground. “Chairman Salvador! Aren’t you going to stop your son? Are you going to watch him insult his elders like this?!” 
Justin emanated a chilling aura, as if he had emerged from a battlefield. His lips curled into a smile tinged with murderous intent.” If you want to act like an elder, you should behave like one. If you refuse to distinguish right from wrong and attempt to shield a murderer, then don’t blame me for cutting ties with you.” 
“Shut up, Justin!” Gregory glared angrily. 
“Today, you have only two options before you-either you clean up your own mess or you let me handle it my way.” Justin ignored Gregory’s warning and turned his ominous gaze slowly toward Zoe. 
Zoe was frightened to the core, her expensive gown soaked with cold sweat. ‘Why is he looking at me? Did he suspect my involvement? No… But I wasn’t even involved in any of this. I didn’t even go near the stables. It was all Aiden! It had nothing to do with me!’ 
“Fine… Fine! If you want to investigate, then I’ll help you.” 
Logan gritted his teeth, his tone laced with a cold threat. “But y better ensure you find evidence that it was someone from the 
Hoffman family. Otherwise, Justin, don’t blame us for cutting off tie with you!”
Justin smiled coolly. 
He did not even regard the Hoffman family seriously, so why would 
he take Logan’s words seriously? 
However, Bella could not help but worry for him. After all, she 
remained uninvolved throughout and did not RHBW 
evidence. 
As the person in charge of the stables, James could only instruct his subordinates to retrieve the surveillance footage from the stables. 
Soon, they retrieved the footage from all the cameras. 
Unfortunately, the entire stable spanned thousands of square meters. Although there were plenty of clear cameras, Whistle’s location was not the best. It was in the farthest corner of Zone D, exactly within a 
blind spot of the cameras. 
They even observed a shadow cast on the haystack, obscured by the massive bodies of the horses, making it impossible to see the 
person’s face. 
The situation reached a stalemate. 
Aiden breathed a sigh of relief, while Zoe hid behind, revealing a smug
smile for narrowly escaping this interrogation. 
“Hmph, so you don’t actually have any evidence. Then why bother making such a fuss?” 
Liam could not help but burst into mocking laughter. “With no 
witnesses and no surveillance footage, how dare you insist it was ou 
family’s doing? Justin, if you’re trying to be the Gatsby for your 
troubled Daisy, at least consider if you can handle picking a fight with. 
the other party!”
###chapter1143
Liam compared Justin to a valiant Gatsby, but he subtly likened Bella to a woman with a questionable reputation.
That was essentially casting doubt on Bella’s character.
Upon hearing this, the Thompsons were seething with anger, on the verge of erupting, but someone’s reaction outstripped theirs.
Justin’s sturdy arms tensed like a drawn bow, his eyes bloodshot, and his large hands clenched tightly. He was ready to charge forward and teach Liam a lesson. However, a soft hand gently wrapped around his bulging fist, promptly preventing him from going further.
“Justin, don’t do it.”
Justin’s breathing halted as he locked eyes with Bella, whose eyes sparkled like radiant stars. It felt like his entire being was submerged in a pristine mountain stream, gradually regaining composure. 2
Bella stepped forward with an air of arrogance and smirked. “Mr. Liam, you can rest assured that Justin will not let any wrongdoers o
the hook or falsely accuse any innocent person.”
Her words made it clear that the Hoffmans were still at fault.
“As for Mr. Black’s accusations, claiming that Justin was acting on my orders to tarnish and frame the Hoffmans... Haha... In this day and age, there are surveillance cameras everywhere. If | truly wanted to frame someone, wouldn’t | leave some clues behind? Why would
someone be accused of being the culprit without evidence pointing to your family? You keep insisting it’s because | hold a grudge against
Ms. Hoffman, so why weren’t your horses injured? Why wasn’t she harmed? You're saying it as if I'd rather hurt myself to entertain your entire family when I’m unsure if | could even harm my enemy!”
The eloquence of Bella’s words was undeniable. Those present could not help but nod in agreement. Even Mrs. Hoffman found herself instinctively acknowledging Bella’s logic. “You little...” Logan was speechless, his eyebrows twitching.
Bella’s captivating eyes exuded confidence. Her gaze was piercing, and her lips curled into a knowing smile. “I'll say something that might sound harsh to some, but if | truly wanted to harm Ms. Hoffman, | wouldn’t have waited until today. | may not have many virtues, but one thing about me is that I’m ruthless enough. Framing and shifting blame are meaningless to me. If it were up to me, whatever fate befell my horses, she would share the same fate!”
The crowd murmured in awe, “Wow! Ms. Thompson really is a tough
and fierce lady!”
“Bella! How dare you?! How could you harbor such malicious.
thoughts?!” Mrs. Hoffman, who was already weak, gasped for brea her hand clutching her chest in distress.
“Mom, please don’t get worked up over this. Your health isn’t great, so don’t let anger affect your well-being...” Zoe hurried to support her mother, her expression filled with resentment as she shot a glance at
Bella. “Malicious? Mrs. Hoffman, do you think it’s appropriate for you to say that?”
Celeste’s expression turned serious, her usually gentle voice now icy yet commanding. “Bella was merely speaking her mind, but your daughter dares to act upon her words. Before the horse race began, Ms. Hoffman slapped herself and attempted to frame Bella for doing it. It’s still making headlines online. Did you forget about it? Well, we all remember it perfectly well. Do you have no idea who’s being malicious here and who started the provocation?”
The faces of the Hoffman mother-daughter duo turned pale and red alternately, unable to come up with a defense for themselves.
Wyatt fixed his gaze on Celeste’s side profile, a hint of surprise glinting in his eyes as he raised an eyebrow.
His third wife, who had been with him for over twenty years, had always been characterized by her gentle demeanor and reserved nature. It was the first time she had displayed such a commanding
demeanor.
Well, that is more like it.
It was about time to let outsiders see that the Thompsons w to be trifled with.
“Hmph! Ms. Thompson's verbal skills are truly exce Hak : Fy gneremark, and aol ith another ten thousand. The valu 
instilled in the Thompsons are remarkable!” Liam, acting as the mouthpiece for Logan, seized every opportunity to
retaliate, portraying himself as a loyal defender. “But regardless axe! m elaquence.ligs Thampadn:y u
C Kot alter the truth!” You've slandered the innocence of the Hoffman family, tarnishing our 
reputation. We won't let this slide! Also, Ms. Thompson, now that you're already the champion of the horse race, what more do you want?”
Unable to contain his frustration, Logan sneered, “Do you really have to tarnish the Heffmaans cebutation lst tdelevate yourselves to secure your collaboration with Mr. Reed without hindrance? Is that what you need to achieve complete satisfaction?!” 
Bella remained composed, although Wilson’s expression betrayed a hint of complexity. Clearly, the remarks from the Hoffmans had struck a nerve.
Suddenly, almost simultaneously, everyone’s phones buzzed. 
###chapter1144
“Everyone, aren't you curious about the messages you've just
received?” Justin’s deep gaze narrowed slightly, exuding a tantalizing
hint of amusement.
The group exchanged puzzled looks, promptly pulling out their phones to check. Even Bella was immensely curious, so she pulled out her phone and opened Twitter. The next moment, her eyes widened with surprise, her heart racing.
Given the grandeur of the horse racing event, it was undoubtedly being live-streamed. Therefore, the footage of Bella falling from her horse at the finish line swiftly spread across the internet.
Netizens expressed concern for Bella’s injuries, assuming it was an unfortunate accident, without delving into conspiracy theories.
Yet, the unexpected appearance of a video online caught everyone o guard.
“W-What is this?!” Logan’s aging eyes struggled to see what was happening.
However, the expressions on the faces of the other Hoffman family members resembled those of post-war ruins, burned with anxiety and
panic!
Zoe, the instigator, even gasped in shock. Her hand trembled as her phone slipped from her grasp! Despite the slight shakiness of the footage, the scene was still
unmistakable.
In the video circulating online, Aiden cautiously glanced around before stealthily entering the stable. There, he took out a dagger and swiftly slashed at Whistle’s left leg before sneaking out of the stable. The camera, positioned directly in front of the stable entrance, clearly captured Aiden’s face.
The evidence was rock-solid, so he could not refute it.
“Well... Mr. Logan and Mr. Liam, now that things have come to this point, do you have anything else to say?” Asher’s eyes flashed with a crimson hue, filled with hatred upon seeing Whistle harmed by the
culprit.
Just moments ago, Asher had managed to maintain his composure and focus on the bigger picture. However, witnessing the cruel inju inflicted on Whistle’s strong and handsome leg stirred up a mixture emotions within him.
Asher even thought of drawing his dagger and confronting Aiden, ready to take action against the perpetrator.
Logan’s and Liam’s expressions contorted, resembling someone who had just swallowed a live cockroach. They became just as embarrassed as they were arrogant just moments ago. They could not possibly claim that the person in the video was Al- generated! No one would buy that!
lan sneered and slammed the screen against Aiden’s face.
Upon seeing himself commit the crime in the video, Aiden turned despondent as he shook his head repeatedly, muttering to himself,” How is this possible... There weren’t any cameras there... How is this
possible...”
“Of course, we have irrefutable evidence against you. Mr. Salvador is not one to act recklessly. He will never engage in a battle without assurance. How could he allow you to get the upper hand in the situation?” lan could not help but feel immensely pleased as he
looked at Aiden’s dumbfounded expression.
Logan and Liam finally caught on to the situation.
Justin waited until now to release the video to watch the Hofimans om skuggle, gidtést and make fools of themselves in front of him. 
The arrogance of their words moments ago would surely come back to haunt them when they find out about the truth.
Bella gazed affectionately at Justin's incredibly han 5078 face, crimson | lips curling: ui in relief. Her lingering apprehension finally 
found its resolution.
She should have realized earlier that Justin was never one to act rashly. He was a trusted friend who could exchange secrets and a comrade who could stand shoulder-to-shoulder in battle. He was someone she could trust with her life. Her beloved one.
“Everyone here, including Mr. Black himself, must be curious about the video. Given the video's peculiar angle, taken from an unexpected viewpoint in a surveillance blind spot, you must be curious about its source, right?”
Justin glanced at lan, who then temporarily stepped away.
Soon after, lan escorted a man dressed in riding attire back in. He was also a participant in the horse racing event. “Mr. Salvador.” The jockey greeted politely with a bow.
“| apologize for inconveniencing you to come and explain everythi in person. However, youcsestiraohy ig adrémnely crucial to me. | ho you understand.” Justin addressed him courteously, displaying noi of the typical CEO demeanor. 
###chapter1145
Chapter 1145 The jockey looked pleasantly surprised, nodding vigorously as he addressed the crowd.
“I'm a jockey from the Luminex Group. Our horses were just opposite of the KS Group’s horses in the stables. Our boss has a unique interest in observing the daily routines of our horses from their perspective, so he fitted miniature cameras onto the bridles of each of our horses. Especially on occasions like today, when there’s a special event. Our boss was concerned about accidents happening to his beloved horses. Therefore, he upgraded all the cameras to high- definition cameras that monitor the surrounding environment.”
The crowd was left dumbfounded by this revelation.
Even Bella, who was well-versed in various matters, was genuinely surprised.
She had seen people installing dash cams in cars, but never hear people installing such technology on their horses! She began to feel a curious admiration for the group’s boss's ingenuity.
Meanwhile, Aiden Black was devastated. His ears buzzed, and his vision blurred.
In the past, he had managed to evade detection for all his sneaky activities, but he never anticipated that a horse would ultimately defeat him.
“Mr. Black, there’s no prior conflict between you and our family. We didn’t even have any past interactions before this horse racing event.”
Bella’s expression turned solemn, her gaze deep with intensity. “I’m sure you also understand that if you cooperate with us, it may lead to leniency. However, you'll face harsh consequences if you try to hide the truth. Although I’m still alive and standing here now, had my riding skills faltered, or if Whistle hadn’t made it through, | might've been thrown off its back and shattered to pieces. At that point, the police will charge you with premeditated murder. On top of that, they'll also charge you for property damage, animal abuse, and other charges. You should know what awaits you after this.”
Aiden broke out in a cold sweat, his mouth twitching uncontrollably.
“So, consider your options wisely. If you disclose who told you to harm me, KS Group will petition for a reduced sentence on your behalf.” Bella appealed to reason and emotion, a strategy she
excelled at. She had always been adept at negotiations.
Despite her efforts to maintain composure, Zoe’s legs beneath her. skirt trembled. She felt as though a pair of giant hands were squeezing her heart.
Aiden fell into silence, his gaze instinctively shifting toward Zoe.
In his mind, he simply wanted to take another glimpse at her. However, the girl he had witnessed growing up appeared entirely different now. Her expressions exuded nothing but coldness, detachment, and threat.
Aiden let out a bitter laugh, then forced a few words through clenched teeth. “No one instructed me, Bella. It was my own desire to harm you. It has nothing to do with the Hoffmans. You deserve to die for daring to take away our young lady’s man. Now that I’ve failed to
eliminate you, | only regret not being thorough enough, but | never regretted my actions. Spare me your words. It’s up to you if you want to kill me or spare me!”
He displayed an unwavering determination, as if he were prepared to sacrifice himself and endure everything till the end. Although her gaze remained calm, a chilling fear surged within Bella’s
heart.
Bella knew that the mastermind behind this was none ether. than Zoe. Proranthe Gely-beginning, Zoe had allied herself with this man with the 
intention of taking her life. The more she thought about it, the more she hated Zoe, and the more frightened she was.
“Very well, Mr. Black. I’m glad that you've chosen to confess all our, crimes, Eyeny hing warkus atiritted has been broadcast nationwide in a live stream. In the future, when it comes to the rt, 
your words will become a piece of irrefutable evidence nc or , Ke 6 CPE e tagtimonye Justin's thin lips curled slightly, his voice tinged frosty chill. Visit to read the
latest 
The people around were dumbfounded.
What did Justin mean by that?
The Hoffmans were even more bewildered. Their faces were blank as
they were unsure of how to react.
Just then, Liam’s secretary let out a startled cry, as if someone had
stepped on his tail.
“Mr. Hoffman! Mr. Hoffman! Something’s gone terribly wrong! Everything that just happened... It’s all been live-streamed!”
Celebrate World Book Day! Unlock amazing gift now! 
###chapter1146
Bella was shocked.
At that moment, she spotted a flashing green light in the corner,
indicating the presence of a hidden camera setup she hadn't previously noticed.
From the time of the incident until now, the Hoffman family’s. arrogant and haughty behavior, as well as Liam’s sycophantic facade, were all being broadcast live for everyone to witness!
All this took place without anyone’s awareness. Even the usually observant Bella was caught off guard.
Viewers continued to flood into the livestream, and soon the online viewers had exceeded five million.
[OMG! | can’t believe how awful the Hoffmans are! Hurting animals just to win a competition and even almost killing Ms. Thpson is just terrible. It’s basically murder!]
[Their morals are so messed up! Looks like they’ve hit ro
[The origins of the Hoffman family aren’t great either. Logan Hoffman’s father used to be a laborer at the dock in Hatchba he turned into a thug, resorting to violence, but with his ruthless
nature and some stroke of luck, he rose to become the leader
gang. Only then did the Hoffman family become famous.]
[They’re basically just a gang of thugs. No wonder they’re so immora
[Definitely! Compared to respectable families like the Thompsons, the
difference is like heaven and earth! Zoe can never measure up to Ms. Thompson, no matter how hard she tries.]
[Why does Young Master Ryan have to be associated with the
Hoffmans? He’s too good-looking for that! It's such a waste!]
[What's with the discussion about appearances? Since when did we start determining good and evil based on appearances? Although
Ryan is definitely very attractive...] Before Justin decided to carry out this live broadcast, he had already talked to Ryan about it.
At first, he had some doubts, but Ryan brushed them off and said, Brother, go for it! Not only should you do it, but make sure everyone hears about it. Liam has hypertension. The livestream better make him so mad that he’ll be bedridden for a while. | owe you one for that!”
Justin gave a wry smile, raised his eyebrows, and said, “You're quite the rebel, huh? But remember, public opinion is powerful. It can build or destroy someone.”
Ryan tightened his lips, defiantly flicked his cigarette up and
and said, “I thought | was part of the Hoffman family before. B that | have my own family, the Hoffman family stays separated
me.
The live coverage from the scene lt as humbled the (of mM
iy, gszadultneated them being Nk into the public eye and facing accusations and insults. 
Rather than worrying about her beloved grandfather, she felt a sense of relief that Aiden had not exposed her involvement.
Moreover, she remained composed, showing no signs of fear or _—— by not panicking as
nnon 2h did, Dthenise, i wou d , Xie extremely embarrassing for her if this broadcast had gone out! While the Hoffman family might suffer damage to their reputation, Zoe couldn't afford to endure such embarrassment. 
Claire was accustomed to a secluded life and struggled in this ituationy
was evarwhelrhedboth mentally and physically, drenched in cold sweat, and barely able to stand. 
“Grandpa, Uncle Liam... My mom can’t hold on anymore! | have to rush her to the hospital!” Zoe pleaded urgently as she assisted Claire, slipping away under the protection of bodyguards without waiting for their response. Zoe assisted Claire into the car in the parking lot.
Claire's appearance notably brightened, partly from feeling relieved after the scare and partly because she was eager to lea avoid
any more embarrassment. 
###chapter1147
Claire grumbled. “Aiden has always been cautious and reliable. Why did he act so recklessly this time? It caused such a big mess!” 
“Mom, perhaps Aiden just didn’t want the Thompson family to win and wanted to show them who’s the boss,” Zoe said, gently stroking 
her mother’s back. 
Her gaze turned dark and cold. “But how that things have gone wrong today, he only has himself to blame. Right now, Grandpa and Uncle Liam should just get rid of Aiden and make him take the blame for the Thompson family. We also need to firmly state that the Hoffman. family had nothing to do with it. It was all his idea. That should help 
solve the problem.” 
“It might not be that easy,” Claire said.. 
Despite being someone who kept to herself, Claire had keen insight- 
due to her prominent background. She shook her head in fration. 
“You saw it yourself just now. The whole ordeal was broad 
Even if it was Aiden’s fault, he’s still connected to the Hoffma 
family. Our attitude toward Justin and Bella was so harsh. It like we’ve upset the public somehow. The public opinion storm definitely hit Hoffman Group’s stock price and reputation hard tomorrow. It’s bound
to drop significantly. Your grandfather and Lia were working so hard to win over the Reeds before this happened, bu now things might become difficult… 
While Zoe looked concerned, deep down she couldn’t help but feel somewhat pleased at the idea of the Hoffman Group’s stock price 
plummeting. After all, it didn’t concern her much. Her father had left her and her mother enough money to last a lifetime, and her older brother owned numerous assets, including shares in the Hoffman Group, of which he could cash out a substantial amount. 
She wanted to let her grandfather and Uncle Liam handle this mess, as long as she came out unharmed. 
Thud, thud, thud- 
The abrupt sound of knocking on the car window jolted her from her 
thoughts. 
Zoe looked up to see Ryan’s icy gaze. 
“Zoe, please get out of the car,” Ryan instructed firmly. 
“Ryan, she’s your sister. Can’t you be more gentle?” Claire voiced her displeasure for her daughter. 
“Get out. Now!” Ryan dismissed her without softening his tone. 
Reluctantly, Zoe complied and stepped out of the car. 
The siblings, in silent agreement not to let their mother over 
moved away from the car to talk.
“You’ve been hanging out with your autistic wife all this time 
with such a big incident at home, you’re nowhere to be seen. Wh 
you doing here now?” Zoe glanced at Ryan while admiring her glamorous nails. “You should just keep your autistic wife company. she’s left alone for a moment, she might cry her eyes out.” 
“Zoe, watch your mouth.” Ryan’s towering figure approached her, his narrow eyes flashing with angry coldness. “You should be grateful 
that I still let you call me brother. If you continue this, from now on, you won’t be any different from Bethany in my eyes. I’ll treat you the same way I treated them. If you don’t believe me, give it a shot.” 
Zoe’s heart skipped a beat, but she lifted her chin defiantly. “Do you have anything to say?” 
“I know it was your doing,” Ryan said with a chilling aura. 
Zoe feigned innocence. “What do you mean? What are you talking about, my dear brother?” 
Ryan said as he gritted his teeth and clenched his fists. “I know you ordered Aiden to do it. You don’t need to argue with me, Zoe. I know it 
was you.”
###chapter1148
“He already admitted it. No one told him to. He did everything on his 
own.” 
Zoe’s face let out a sly grin. “And even if it was me, do you have any proof? Show me the evidence.” 
With a loud thud, Ryan’s fist pounded the wall next to Zoe’s head, 
making her gasp in fear. 
“Listen to me.” Ryan breathed heavily, staring into her eyes without a hint of affection. “Luck doesn’t last forever, and using others for your own gain won’t go unnoticed. Aiden has watched you grow up since childhood. He’s been loyal to the Hoffman family and treated you like his own daughter, which is why he was willing to bear everything for you. But not everyone is like Aiden. Karma will eventually come back to haunt you, and you’ll pay a painful price for your actions. You will 
be abandoned by everyone and end up in hell!” 
Zoe let out a mocking laugh and said, “Ryan, I suggest you don’t 
mess with me. You’ve lost your father and abandoned your siste 
you going to leave your mother too? Mom loves me a lot. I mean 
everything to her. If anything happens to me, how do you think o 
weak and sickly mother will cope? Can she even carry on living?” Zo 
shook her head, a gleam of triumph in her eyes.
Ryan tensed up, the veins in his arms bulging. 
Liam felt like exploding with anger, his beard bristling as he glared. 
He couldn’t believe how sly his family members were. Always quick to take credit for success, but the first ones to bail when things went 
wrong. 
“Dad, we need to leave,” Liam urged, feeling helpless in the face of the “live stream” situation. 
“We can’t just walk away,” Logan said in a low voice. His face paled as he clutched his trembling cane. “If we leave now, the Hoffman family’s reputation will definitely be ruined!” 
He had no choice but to salvage their family’s reputation by publicly cutting ties with Aiden. He even had to ask for forgiveness during the live broadcast watched by millions of people. 
“Aiden, I brought you back from the orphanage. Since you were young, I provided for your education alongside the young masters. I’ve always made sure you were well taken care of in terms of food, clothing, or expenses. It is deeply disappointing to see you behave so badly and unreasonably, placing us in this position after we’ve treated you like one of our own. I’m so disappointed in you!” 
Logan continued, “Mr. Thompson, Mr. Salvador, now th who’s responsible for all this, the Hoffman family won’t obj 
whatever decision you make. We’ll also take full responsibil 
harm caused to Ms. Thompson this time.” 
Bella watched with a cold smirk on her lips. Earlier, when Justin 
presented evidence, the Hoffmans had remained indifferent and
keen on protecting their own. But now they have completely shift their attitude and stance. They were quite skilled at adapting according to circumstances. 
ear 
Logan’s words appeared to be sincere and thoughtful, as if they had taken everything into account. 
But Justin was still unsatisfied. He gently held Bella around the waist and spoke in a low and cold tone, “Mr. Hoffman, do you believe that handling it this way will suffice?” 
“Mr. Salvador, the people from our Hoffman family have already been dealt with by you, and we have also made a firm decision to take full responsibility. What more do you want?!” Liam felt like Justin was practically taunting them with his remarks, causing anger to course 
through his body. 
“Of course, an apology is necessary.” At this moment, Christopher, who had been silent for a while, found the perfect timing to step 
forward. 
Christopher spoke in a composed and organized manner. “Mr. 
you 
Hoffman, Aiden has been under your care since childhood. His deliberate actions have caused significant harm, leaving KS Group’s valuable racehorse crippled and Ms. Thompson injured. Th 
extent of her future injuries is still unknown. It’s only rig
take full responsibility for this situation. However, as the h Hoffman family, it would also be fitting for you to apologize acknowledge your mistakes to both Mr. Thompson and Ms. 
Thompson.” 
Christopher stole what Justin wanted to say, and everything he was right on point. Justin didn’t mind, because this was exactly wi 
he had in mind.
###chapter1149
Bella’s expression gradually grew more somber, displaying no hint of fondness for Christopher. (Wow! Who’s this handsome guy? Why does he seem so familiar to
me?]
He is the fourth young master of the Iverson family, always eager to act as Ms. Thompson's guardian. He has helped her in numerous
difficult situations.]
[Oh my god! His features are so delicate. He looks like a work of art. I'm in love!]
He’s kind too. If | were Bella, I'd choose Young Master Iverson.
What's the use of Mr. Salvador realizing his mistakes now? Once fate is missed, it’s lost forever. Regrets won’t change anything.]
| agree. Three years of marriage is enough experience for me rather be with an attractive man who exudes youth and energ The already tense atmosphere turned icy cold.
Logan’s temples pulsed with blue veins, his anger burning frer his chest. He had always been in charge, but this humiliation by a group of juniors stung like never before.
“That guy is meddling with others’ affairs again. What does it have t do with him?” Astrid muttered with resentment, “Justin can say whatever he wants. After all, he started this whole thing and isn’t afraid of offending the Hoffman family. But why did Christopher get involved and make a fuss? Isn’t he dragging the Iverson family into
this mess as.well?” “Do
think he’s stupid? This kid is very clever. He’s come up with a plan to kill two birds with one stone. By stepping in at this moment, he not only steals Justin’s spotlight, shows his presence in front of Chairman Thompson, but also pleases Chairman Thompson.”
James glared coldly at Christopher. “On the other hand, he’s also dealing a blow to the Hoffman family. There’s always been some grudge between Dad and the Hoffman family, although it has never been openly acknowledged. With this move from Christopher, it’s like helping Dad let out the pent-up resentment he’s been holding in for a long time.”
The siblings wore equally grim expressions.
Christopher caused harm to Charles, became associated with Chairman Thompson, and even made amends with his father in a noticeable way.
What would be his next move?
It only meant danger for everyone.
In the end, due to public pressure, Logan had no option bu
apologize to Bella despite feeling furious. Liam was boiling anger, yet if they didn’t give in now, they would suffer a majo in the stock market tomorrow just to maintain their pride.
Today's horse racing event turned into a spectacular drama, with o act following another. Each side took their turn on the stage. Zoe ruined her own reputation, Bella fell off her horse, Shannon was
caught in a drug scandal and lost control on the spot, and people.
from the Hoffman family also secretly attacked the Thompson family.
These scandals were more thrilling than usual gossip among
celebrities. They're enough to keep people talking for years!
The four prestigious families left without exchanging pleasantries, and the expressions on the faces of the Hoffman father and son were beyond description, utterly miserable.
Wilson watched the series of events unfold but didn’t bring up the topic of cooperation again. Likewise, Wyatt did not feel compelled to ask further, as he had never been enthusiastic about the project in the first place.
Bella insisted on standing up for her family, but unfortunat elyshewas \! undermined él oers. Otherwise, the outcome would have. 
been perfect.
As they were leaving the racetrack, Wyatt patted Chri istopheys, ghouldér withreliefan titude. He said, “Christopher, | wan 
thank you today. Don’t worry. If the Hoffman family causes
for you in the future, you must tell me. You helped Bella, and let you end up in an awkward situation.” le
Christopher showed a humble and obedient smile, but before he
could speak, Bella’s voice interrupted from behind, cold and ruthle
Are you getting senile at just sixty? He was nowhere to be sgenc O mM thoughout it shrveel ‘t make baseless attributions just because he 
said a few words at the end.” 
###chapter1150
Christopher turned away from Bella, his expression sour as he 
adjusted his glasses. 
Justin stood next to Bella, his thin lips tightly pressed together. He wanted to intervene, but he could never match her quick wit. Even if he were to intervene now, wouldn’t that just make him act like Christopher, the type of person Ryan couldn’t stand? 
“Bella, how are you feeling? Does your back still hurt?” Wyatt asked, ignoring his daughter’s sarcasm. He was more worried about her physical well-being. 
“You’re so stubborn. You should have gone to the hospital right after the fall! Asher and Zachary will take care of Whistle. You don’t need to handle everything on your own. You’re just like your mother. No one can stop her if she puts her mind to something! Asher, get Scott on the line immediately and ask him to take Bella to the hospital. Also, arrange for experts to personally attend to her!” 
But Asher was very tactful and didn’t get involved. 
The young couple wanted some privacy, and he respected her wishe 
not to intrude. It’s best to acknowledge their desires. 
“No need. I’m fine with just Justin accompanying me,” Bella said as 
she boldly intertwined her fingers with Justin’s, her gaze meeting his, 
leaving no room for anyone else in her intense gaze. 
“Dad, I just want to remind you that real fighters don’t chase fame.
Who was the first one to gather evidence today, apprehend the culprit, 
and endure intense pressure for me? Who helped Whistle and our family pursue justice? And who did all of this without seeking credit from you? I hope you can tell right from wrong and not be influenced by others’ opinions. Don’t ruin your reputation and become a joke!” 
With that said, Bella lifted her lovely and radiant face, pulled Justin along by his hand, and swiftly walked past Wyatt and Christopher. 
Christopher felt a wave of sadness as he watched Bella leave with Justin. He clenched his fists, feeling hurt and resentful. 
As Justin walked past Wyatt, he hurriedly bowed to show respect. His awkward and stiff demeanor was somewhat amusing. 
“That cheeky girl. She’s out of control!” Wyatt observed them leave with astonishment, refraining from intervening as he just pointed at his daughter’s head and exclaimed “Whoever is unlucky enough to marry you in the future will have quite a handful with that sharp tongue of yours!” 
Asher and Celeste could not stop laughing after hearing this. Th were times when a man wanted to be “unlucky” but had no cha 
Seeing Bella get into Justin’s car and leave, hatred and unwillingne hit Christopher’s chest like a violent storm, making his eyes turn re 
However, he quickly regained his composure, furrowing his brows as he gazed at Wyatt. “Uncle Wyatt, I take the blame for not acting promptly today. I failed to thoroughly investigate in time and allowed 
you and Bella to get into such a difficult situation.”
“Don’t be so hard on yourself, young man. You’ve already handled it very well. If you hadn’t intervened when you did, Bella might have faced even worse bullying from that girl in the Hoffman family.” 
Clap T150 
Wyatt’s attitude towards him remained warm and supportive. 
“If only I had done things differently, maybe Bella would have noticed me more. Then you wouldn’t have had to go through all this trouble for us.” Christopher expressed his deep guilt as he looked down. 
“Christopher, I recognize all the efforts you’ve put into helping Bella,” Wyatt said after a brief pause. There was meaning behind his gaze as he earnestly said, “But remember that feelings cannot be forced.” 
Christopher’s pupils shrank suddenly, his heart skipping a beat! ‘What 
does he mean?’ 
Just earlier, Wyatt had promised to arrange their marriage. Why did his attitude change all of a sudden? 
Was it because Justin had helped the Thompson family catch the 
culprit at the horse racing event today, causing Wyatt to view Justin 
differently and turn a blind eye to his daughter’s years of grievances?! 
Or perhaps, from the beginning, Wyatt didn’t dislike Justin as muc 
he had claimed.
Despite all Christopher’s attempts to impress Wyatt and believing 
that happiness was within reach, Wyatt casually crushed his hop 
with just a single sentence.
###chapter1151
Christopher thought, ‘All my hard work has been for nothing. Am I 
back at the same starting line as Justin? No, this can’t be!’ 
Christopher wanted Bella, and he was determined to marry her. 
Celeste walked gracefully to Wyatt’s side, linking her arm with his, and 
said, “Yes, Mr. Iverson, love can’t be forced.” Her tone was gentle, yet 
each word was sharp. 
She continued, “We all understand that you truly care for Bella. But 
love requires mutual feelings to last. As Bella’s family, everything we 
do is ultimately for her happiness. If she marries someone she 
doesn’t love, it would be like robbing her chance at finding happiness.” 
Asher remained silent, his lips forming a mocking smirk as he looked 
disdainfully at Christopher. 
Celeste was gentle and smart. She had a profound understanding of Wyatt’s character and focused on the emotional side without 
mentioning Justin. This allowed Wyatt to empathize with his daughter’s situation. 
Christopher’s expression stiffened, turning pale with an icy and cold
gaze while struggling to maintain composure. 
“Christopher, Celeste has a point. A fruit that is forcefully picked isn’t 
sweet.” 
Wyatt let out a deep sigh and said, “Don’t lose hope, but don’t become 
too obsessed either. Let things happen naturally.” 
Although Bella was reluctant to go to the hospital, Justin managed to persuade her and accompany her for treatment. 
After tending to her minor injuries and applying medication, they 
returned home at night. 
“Why do you always have to be so stubborn and go against me? I told you this minor injury didn’t require a trip to the hospital. Ah! Ouch!” Bella winced in pain as she strained her waist while getting out of the car, causing her delicate eyebrows to furrow. She took in a sharp 
breath. 
Justin felt anxious watching this, and his breathing became 
increasingly heavy. He quickly reached out and pulled her into his embrace. “Bella, don’t be stubborn,” he said softly. “Do you know how loud you were during treatment at the hospital?” 
Bella blushed shyly. “N-no, I wasn’t!” 
“How can you deny it? I thought I was at the entrance of a delivery room, and you were giving birth to our child,” Justin murmured with furrowed brows as he planted a heavy kiss on her sweaty cheek.
His breath was labored, and his embrace was a little rough, as if 
punishing her. 
‘Child…’ Bella felt a bitter ache in her heart, which made her flinch. 
instinctively. 
Justin didn’t find her reaction strange, assuming it was because of her injuries. Without saying a word, he lifted her up and walked into 
the villa. 
The events of the horse racing event during the day were like nuclear explosions, each one shaking the nation to its core and already 
toppling headlines nationwide. 
Even Wilma knew about it. She had skipped dinner and sat in the living room, waiting for the young master and young madam to return. 
“Young Madam! How are your injuries?!” 
Wilma expressed concern for Bella’s injuries, noticing her pale complexion. She felt her heart ache watching Justin carry her in his arms, unable to walk on the ground. 
“I’m fine, Wilma. I can still walk on my own.” Bella said, reassuring 
Wilma.
She lightly tapped Justin’s chest, who was carrying her. “It’s all because of him, blowing things out of proportion. I’m not made of paper. Why would anyone think that?” 
Justin let out a soft chuckle and affectionately said, “Ah yes… My 
Bella, the fierce warrior goddess, you’re the most striking and 
remarkable woman I’ve ever encountered.” 
He didn’t favor characterizing women as “strong”. Who would want to 
be labeled strong if it wasn’t necessary?
###chapter1152
Justin felt that his woman should be pampered like a delicate flower. He wanted to shield her from raging storms and troubles. 
Bella was starving, her stomach growling audibly. Wilma quickly went 
to the kitchen to make dinner for the pair, while the restless young 
woman insisted on taking a bath. 
“I want to take a bubble bath. I smell like horse manure!” 
“No, the doctor explicitly instructed me that your wounds cannot 
come into contact with water for a week. It could lead to an infection.” 
Justin carried her back to the room. “Let me help you clean up, okay?” 
Bella grumbled as she frowned. “Can you wipe it clean?” 
“Of course, when have I not helped you?” 
Justin’s warm breath brushed against her ear as he whispered, “I promise, you’ll be spotless inside out.” 
“Don’t get any funny ideas. I’m really tired tonight and just want to sleep!”. 
Bella’s mind filled up with suggestive thoughts that made her blush, along with the man’s naughty and dirty words. 
Her body gradually warmed up, feeling restless and flushed, and her heart softened.
Justin’s gaze intensified, and he sighed reluctantly. “Your delicate 
waist can’t withstand any more excitement. Even if I want to, I’ll wait 
until you’re better.” 
In the bathroom, Bella sat amidst the misty, warm vapor. Her snow- white, silky body was completely exposed before Justin. 
With a damp towel in hand, he gently wiped her body, kissing her pale 
neck affectionately. 
Though he tried to control his desire for her, he couldn’t hold back his deep love for Bella. Even without physical intimacy, they could share 
passionate kisses. 
“You’re usually very articulate during meetings at the Salvador Corporation,” Bella said as she wrapped herself in a bathrobe and leaned against him. She gently traced circles on his throat with her 
fingertips. 
She continued, “Why were you so quiet when you met Wyatt today? 
Can’t you see that Christopher is trying to take credit for your work? 
It’s obvious that you’re the one who found the culprit and set 
everything up, so why does he get to claim your success? Doesn’t he 
have any shame?”
Justin held her close, afraid she might slip. He couldn’t resist planting a kiss on her tender lips. 
“I don’t mind who gets credit as long as your troubles are sorted. Protecting you is what matters most to me,” Justin whispered softly. 
Bella felt a lump in her throat and tears filled her eyes, leaving her momentarily speechless. This was why she loved him-his selflessness towards her. 
“I wish I could please everyone,” Justin sighed, gently comforting 
Bella. “Sometimes it feels like I’m always falling short.” 
“No, Justin, you’re doing so well,” Bella muttered, her voice choked 
with emotion. 
She thought to herself, ‘You’ll always be my hero. But I won’t admit 
that, Or else I’m afraid I’ll make you too proud.’
###chapter1153
After cleaning up, Justin was worried that she might overexert herself, so he gently carried her to the dining room for dinner.
He had been busy all day, and his usually pristine white shirt now gave off a warm scent mixed with his sweat.
To Bella’s surprise, she felt a little lightheaded. Instead of finding it unpleasant, she nestled her nose against his chest, sniffing like an eager kitten.
“What's this? Are you trying to eat me?” Justin teased her with a smile as his lips brushed her forehead.
“Even if | wanted to, wouldn’t you have to take a proper bath first? You're such a stinky man,” Bella said, blushing and turning away. “You usually keep yourself quite clean. How come you didn’t bother to take a shower this time?”
Justin simply replied. “I didn’t have the time. I'll go wash up after we finish eating.” Bella pursed her lips, feeling warm inside.
Aspread of exquisite dishes filled the table, some of which were
prepared in advance by Wilma and only needed reheating, making the preparation quick.
“Wow! Wilma, you’re amazing!” Bella sat at the dining table, clapping
like a happy schoolgirl.
“Madam, don’t flatter me. Your culinary skills surpass mine by far!
Several dishes here are your brother's favorites, and you’re the one
who taught me how to make them. Have you forgotten?” Wilma
laughed genuinely.
“Is that so? | must have forgotten.” Bella laughed in response and
shifted her attention back to her meal, feeling a bit embarrassed.
Although Bella knew Wilma was complimenting her, such words
would inevitably dredge up some unpleasant memories between
them.
Justin understood the pain she had endured before, his eyes hinting
at bitterness as he gently wiped her lips with a napkin.
Just as he was about to speak, Bella quickly fed him a piece of
shrimp and said, “No need to apologize. Remember, we agreed not to dwell on the past.” Justin relaxed his grip, forcing a smile as he chewed the meat.
Indeed, nothing tasted as good as the dishes prepared by his beloved partner.
Just then, the sound of the door opening echoed from the foyer, and three robust men burst in, instantly bringing a festive atmosphere to
the villa, reminiscent of New Year’s celebrations.
“Wow, Bella, you're so heartless. You're eating all this food by yourself. Isn’t this too much?!”
Axel exclaimed as he hurried over and took a piece of bread to eat after not having eaten all day due to reviewing case files..
Ralph followed closely behind and quickly devoured a chicken drumstick with the intensity of someone who had just completed a marathon.
“I've been interrogating criminals all day. My mouth is as dry as a desert. Chewing on some meat will help satisfy my thirst!”
The two privileged young masters of the Thompson family ate so
much that they could be mistaken for starving men who had been stranded on an island, leaving Justin and lan speechless. lan remarked. “They are like black holes, devouring everything.”
Bella helplessly rested her chin on her hand. “lf Wyatt aonens AyatMilesaw this epan€thdy probably want to strangle them. They are 
acting as if they’ve never been fed.”
Happy to see the A men enjoying their meal ima qaickiy inujtes! thé) Vee ee oe us! There's plenty of food! | even made 
noodles, but since the young master isn’t fond of noodles, | didn’t
serve them. If any of you want some, I’ll bring them out now.”
Axel and Ralph nodded eagerly. “Yes, please! Are there any extra
dishes too?”
Bella sighed and rubbed her temples. “Just having something to eat is good enough. Who needs all the extras?!” lan couldn’t watch anymore and quietly reminded them, “Gentlemen,
shouldn’t you show some concern for our young madam? As her elder brothers, should you not ask how she’s doing after such a big
incident?”
Axel and Ralph looked at rand i as one munched on ste
citer agauicchoria beet ri eae echoed in unison, “Can't she just eat normally? No need to make a fuss!” 
lan was speechless, thinking to himself. ‘Am | just anxious, or are these two just clueless?’ Bella leaned against Justin’s chest laughing so uncontrollably that
her body shook. 
###chapter1154
Justin’s strong arm held Bella’s delicate waist, gazing at her with 
affection and a smile. 
Axel and Ralph led very hectic lives, seldom seen together. When they did show up as a pair, it meant that things were complicated. 
Ralph let out a burp, his expression turning serious. “Shannon took a 
urine test this afternoon, and it’s confirmed she used drugs. She insists it’s not drug abuse but merely using medication. She argued that she believed the injections were just regular beauty treatments provided by her plastic surgeon, Dr. Fairchild. She claims to have no 
knowledge of this and believes she’s being set up.” 
Bella was suddenly shocked. 
The drugs given to Shannon were actually prepared by Simon, who had a wide knowledge of pharmacology. She trusted him completely in this aspect and never questioned his expertise. 
However, she was shocked when he directly injected the drugs in her. Such a large dosage could be lethal! 
Bella strongly defended Simon. “Ralph, this matter has nothing to do with Dr. Fairchild. Shannon must be desperate and trying to drag someone down with her in her final moments, throwing Dr. Fairchild under the bus.” Bella vigorously defended Simon.
“I know Simon, Bella. Dad has helped him, and he’s close to you,” Ralph said with a serious expression as the playful exchange between siblings disappeared from his eyes. 
“But as a police officer, I have to remain impartial and follow the law. 
I can’t misuse my position for personal reasons. Shannon claims 
she’s being set up by Simon. Even if she’s not telling the truth, we still need to bring in Simon for questioning and follow protocol,” Ralph 
added. 
Bella lowered her long lashes, feeling somber and quiet. 
Justin furrowed his brows slightly Naturally, he didn’t want to see any conflict between the siblings. He gently took Bella’s hand, 
soothingly massaging her palm. “Hey Captain Ralph, we get it. Just 
do what you think is right.” 
The term “Captain Ralph” made Ralph feel some warmth toward 
Justin. But Bella felt uneasy inside. She knew that Ralph was right, but she just felt bad for Dr. Fairchild. She didn’t want anyone else 
around her to suffer because of her. 
The vibe when the siblings were together was seldom this heavy. 
Ralph’s heart felt heavy. Not wanting to linger under his little sister’s
gaze, he murmured, “I still have some things at the station I need t 
deal with first, so I’ll head back.” 
He then turned to Axel and continued softly, “Axel, please accompany Bella more. It’s rare that you both can spend time together. 
Just as he was about to leave, Bella suddenly rose and threw herself 
into Ralph’s arms, tightly embracing him. “Ralph, please don’t go! I 
didn’t ask you to leave!” 
Ralph opened his arms right away to hug her back, feeling emotional. 
Even though they were close like the others, being half-siblings 
created a small distance between them. This made it rare for him to embrace his sister so intimately. Every time he wanted to show his love for her, he’d hesitate due to shyness. 
“I thought you were mad,” Ralph said softly, lowering his head and gently stroking her hair with his large hand. 
Bella looked up with a dewy face and shook her head. “Ralph, how could I be mad at you? I know about your journey from passing the police academy entrance exam to joining the criminal investigation team and now becoming the captain of the team. It hasn’t been easy for you. I shouldn’t have been so
stubborn and mixed public and private matters. Go ahead and do what you need to do. Whatever happens, I’ll support your decision.” 
lan observed the intimate interaction between Bella and Ralph while sneaking a glance at Justin’s expression, which turned out to be as, dark and angry as he had anticipated. 
Justin let out a deep breath. Despite trying to keep his cool, jealousy and anger colored his eyes. 
“Hey, feeling jealous?” Axel pulled up a chair and plopped down ne to him, munching on a pastry and speaking with his mouth full. 
“If this little bit of drama gets to you, how will you handle being around us and Bella in the future? You’ll be crying all the time!”
###chapter1155
Axel said, “When the time comes, you won’t be Jerkface Justin 
anymore. You’ll turn into Crybaby Justin.” 
Justin could feel his blood pressure surge. He pressed his lips 
together tightly and softly said, “Although you’re Bella’s elder brother, she has a husband now. You should know how to be discreet at your age.” 
Axel almost choked when he heard this and glared at Justin while patting his chest. 
“If Drew hears you say that, you’ll be in big trouble,” Axel warned. 
“It won’t happen,” Justin replied coolly. “He wouldn’t want to see his, sister become a widow. 
Axel was lost for words. 
On the other hand, Ralph was busy with Shannon’s case. It was no small matter. Not only was she involved in drugs, but there were als multiple lives at stake. Unless she was convicted and justice was served for the lost souls, Ralph would have trouble sleeping and eating. 
After dinner, they gathered in the living room for a chat. Suddenly, Ralph’s phone rang. It was his colleagues from the station calling. When he hung up, his expression turned visibly grim. 
“Ralph, what happened?” Bella asked with concern in her eyes. 
Ralph looked at Justin with a complex expression. “Mr. Salvador, your 
fapter 1155
father has hired the best lawyer in Savrow to represent Shannon. He’s currently at the police station, requesting bail for her.” 
“Damn it! He thinks he can just bail her out whenever he wants? Does he think the police station is his playground?” 
lan couldn’t contain his anger. “Some lawyers have completely lost their conscience. They would take on any case! They talk about equality before the law, but I believe they’re just slaves to money, the 
scum of humanity!” 
“The best lawyer in Savrow?” 
Justin and Bella exchanged knowing glances. 
“You mean Hunter Lovett?” 
Ralph was surprised. “You know him?” 
Bella sneered, “We go way back.” 
Justin frowned. “Yeah, he’s basically the Salvador family’s lackey.” 
Hunter was ruthless and cunning, not someone to be messed wit 
“Right now, we need to figure out if Shannon is really guilty as soon as possible. If it turns out she’s only involved in drug abuse, and with 
the Salvador family’s connections and Hunter’s legal expertise, there 
might be a chance for her to get bail.’
AxelHooked serious as he spoke to Justin. “Mr. Salvador, I’ve gone 
through your mother’s case files. It’s been two decades, and some 
evidence is missing. If you’re thinking of accusing Shannon of 
deliberate murder, the odds of success are low.” 
Bella’s eyes widened in astonishment as she stared at Justin’s cold and stern profile. Justin even sought Axel out. He truly did everything in his power to seek justice for his mother. 
“Furthermore, in Linny’s case, it was Winston who committed the murder, with Shannon as the instigator and an accomplice. But if Hunter helps her prove her innocence and puts all the blame on Winston, she might only be sentenced to about ten years, not facing the death penalty.” Axel spoke calmly before adding another harsh truth. 
The atmosphere instantly felt heavy, making it hard for everyone to breathe. 
Bella asked anxiously. “Axel, we have the recording of Linny’s chat with Shannon and Bethany. Can’t that be used to prove Shannon’s guilt?” 
Axel shook his head. “That was clearly obtained illegally and can’t be used as admissible evidence in court.” 
Bella slumped against Justin, feeling a mix of despair and frustratio like she hadn’t in a long time. 
Justin put his arms around her, holding her shoulders firmly but gently. “I get it. Even if I find the person who helped Shannon plot against my mother years ago, all I have is testimonial evidence. But what if I told you, I have physical evidence?”
###chapter1156
The other three were stunned. Their jaws dropped.
Bella grabbed Justin's hand. “Justin, it's been twenty years. Where did you get the evidence from?” Justin clasped her hand and spoke with a low, hoarse voice. ”
Remember when | told you that | was going to track down the maid who once served my mother?” Bella nodded obediently.
“Perhaps people have a premonition before disaster strikes. Before Shannon had her accident, that maid tried to flee the country. lan sent someone to catch her in time, and then | used a little persuasion.”
Justin took a deep breath and continued, “In order to save her son, she revealed some truths in her panic. It was even beyond what Shannon confessed in that recording.”
He was fundamentally kind-hearted. If not for being pushed to extremes, how could he have used a child’s life as a bargaining chi
Bella believed that even if the maid remained stubborn to the end, Justin wouldn't harm the maid’s son. It was beyond him. If he did, how would he differ from people like Christopher?
“Shannon murdered my mother. Shannon poisoned my mother with her own hands.” Justin’s eyes were bloodshot, and he tried his best to restrain the surging hatred in his heart. His hand, which was held
Chapter 1156 tightly by Bella, felt like solid ice.
“Poisoned with her own hands...” Axel and Ralph were shocked, their cheeks stiffening. lan’s body staggered as if struck hard by a heavy blow.
Bella felt like she couldn't breathe. It was as if her chest was crushed by a giant stone. If it were anyone else, they would have gone insane, but Justin didn’t lose his mind. The more composed he appeared, the more her heart ached.
Ralph asked urgently. “Mr. Salvador, what exactly happened?”
“The maid confessed. She followed Shannon’s orders to switch out my mother’s antidepressants, but she only replaced them with ordinary supplements that wouldn’t be lethal. However, perhaps Shannon sensed a thaw in the relationship between my mother and Gregory during that period. Afraid of trouble, Shannon switched the supplements with a small dose of poison. Over time, the poison would accumulate, causing cardiac paralysis and sudden death.”
Justin’s broad shoulders trembled subtly. Each word he uttered f chilly and infused with deep-seated hatred. Bella’s eyes welled up with tears, her palm lightly caressing his back “How did the maid know such intricate details?” Axel asked eagerly for information, possessed by his instincts as a prosecutor.
“She saw it.” Justin tightly grasped Bella’s hand, as if only by touching her so directly could he maintain his composure. “She said that two days before my mother’s suicide, she noticed that every time she replaced my mother’s medication, Shannon would sneak in while she wasn’t looking and switch the medicine. But she never mentioned it
to her or dared to ask a single question.”
“That’s because if Mrs. Salvador had died of cardiac arrest, the maid responsible for Mrs. Salvador’s care would have been taken away for investigation.”
Bella’s mind raced, calmly analyzing, “By then, no matter what the maid said, it would be futile because the medicine was under her care. Since she switched it, she would bear all the blame alone. She had already thought of this at the time. But she was already trapped, with no way out, so she had to walk that path to the end.” Justin paused, his handsome face growing paler. “But on the day of the incident, there was an unexpected turn of events. That is, my mother, who originally went to the garden for a walk, found that she
had forgotten her camera, so she turned back to the room...”
“And then she happened to see...
Shannon switehingth@redtine?
Qlovelebeakeon to read the latest 
Bella’s heart sank heavily.
Justin lowered his gaze and nodded. “Yes. The maid had been hiding outside the room, eavesdropping on the situation inside. Bece of
her close relationship with Shannon, her nerves were on ed
that period. She couldn't have a single night of peaceful sleep.
Ralph gritted his teeth fiercely. “Hmph! Let her make up for the
sleep in jail!”
“The maid said that although she couldn't see what was happeni inside at thet sheCathtly-heard a h feu argument between my mother and Shannon. She said my mother had been like an 
emotionless person since coming to the Salvador family, but that
was the first time my mother. O explode ) eve
loded in 5 & Weir fri Htening 
Chapte 1156 the maid.”
“And then?” Bella stared at him without blinking. 
###chapter1157
“Then she heard the room suddenly go silent, and then I saw it with my own eyes…” 
Justin couldn’t continue speaking. His chest heaved violently, his eyes were bloodshot, and his hands were trembling uncontrollably. Bella could feel the cold sweat on his palms. 
Justin could vividly recall the tragic scene of his mother falling from 
the building in front of him. 
It was the first time he realized that when a person fell from a height and crashed into the ground, the sound they made was so muffled and heavy. He could even distinctly hear the brittle sound of bones 
shattering. 
Justin only had a glimpse of the scene, but the pain and trauma from that glance would haunt him for a lifetime, almost crushing him time and time again. 
“Don’t say it anymore, Justin. Please don’t continue…” 
Bella embraced him as tightly as possible, wishing that she could 
take away his pain. Although Justin hadn’t cried yet, she couldn’t help 
but shed tears, soaking his white shirt. 
“It’s okay. Although my heart is filled with hatred, it hasn’t clouded my judgment, nor has it caused me to collapse.”
Justin’s eyes cleared up, becoming gentle. His rough fingertips wiped away the tears on Bella’s cheeks. “The main reason is because you’re 
by my side. Bella, you don’t know how important you are to me. 
You’ve given me immense courage, which prevented me from sinking 
into despair.” 
At this moment, Axel and Ralph finally understood what Asher meant 
by Bella being Justin’s lifeline. 
When the emotions of the young couple had calmed down a bit, 
Ralph frowned and asked, “The maid heard the argument in the room 
disappear, and then you heard the sound of Mrs. Salvador falling 
from the building, almost simultaneously. Can this indirectly prove 
that Mrs. Salvador’s fall is related to Shannon? After all, the only one 
present at the time was Shannon.” 
“You just said that Mrs. Salvador’s relationship with Chairman 
Salvador had improved at that time, and she showed unusual anger
when she discovered that Shannon had switched her medication. 
None of this seems like behavior indicating suicidal intentions.” 
Axel also joined in the analysis. “Although there’s no concrete 
evidence, perhaps the truth is as we suspected. It was likely that 
Shannon pushed Mrs. Salvador down.” 
“The maid said that after my mother fell, Shannon hurriedly ran the room, coincidentally colliding into the maid who had been 
eavesdropping. At that time, Shannon threatened the maid not to a word and gave her a large sum of hush money, letting her leave t 
Salvador family forever. The maid said it wasn’t about the money but 
because she was afraid of Shannon taking revenge, so she chose to 
take the money and remain silent.” Justin held Bella in his arms, 
gently comforting her. 
Ralph reminded him sternly. “This is a crucial witness. You must 
protect her.” 
Axel’s eyes blazed with fury. “At present, we need to establish the charge of Shannon’s drug abuse and keep her detained without release. Then, we must quickly gather evidence to prosecute Shannon 
for intentional murder!”
It was only now that Bella understood why Justin didn’t arrest Shannon on charges of inciting murder or other crimes. 
Because there was only one chance, and it had to be used precisely. It couldn’t be taken lightly, and they couldn’t act hastily! 
Bella’s eyes sparkled with curiosity. “Justin, you mentioned… There’s physical evidence?” 
Justin’s gaze deepened, his big hand hooked her waist, and he leaned in to whisper in her ear, “Later, when we’re alone, I’ll tell you slowly.” 
* 
Taylor and Yvonne stood outside a basement door. Gruesome 
screams reminiscent of slaughtering pigs could be heard from the 
other side. 
Taylor felt physically sick from the sounds, but Yvonne remained .composed as ever, her expression indifferent. 
Taylor remarked. “You’re truly impressive. How could you remain indifferent and stoic at the sight of this? Among the women I’ve met, only Ms. Thompson has such exceptional mental fortitude as yours.” 
Yvonne smiled coldly. “It’s already a tragedy that I look like Bella. Don’t I even deserve my own personality?” 
“I didn’t mean anything by it…” Before Taylor could finish his 
sentence, the basement door opened.
Christopher emerged, his clothing soaked in blood. 
Celebrate World Book Day! Unlock amazing gift now!
###chapter1158
Christopher’s chest was heaving heavily, and sweat was mixed with blood, trickling down his delicate face. 
His eyes were sinister and cruel, like a vengeful spirit that crawled out from the depths of hell. There was a tinge of bloody satisfaction. 
“Mr. Iverson.” Both Taylor and Yvonne bowed respectfully. 
Christopher tossed the blood-stained whip he held onto the ground. 
He removed his gold-rimmed glasses and wiped the blood droplets off the lenses with the corner of his shirt. 
In Sentania, whenever he felt stressed or in a bad mood, he would go hunting in the deep mountains. He didn’t have that luxury in Savrow, so he could only resort to beating people. He found that beating people was much more interesting than hunting. This kind of entertainment would have to be retained in the future. 
The two subordinates followed quietly to the door of the room. Taylor noticed that Christopher’s hand was still bleeding from a wound, so he nudged Yvonne, who was standing dazed nearby. 
“Ms. Smith, Mr. Iverson’s hand is injured. Hurry up and help him. bandage it!” 
Yvonne snapped out of her daze, hesitated for a moment, then approached, “Mr. Iverson, your hand is injured. Let me help you…” 
“Ah!” Before she could react, Christopher grabbed her wrist ferociously and dragged her into the room.
With a bang, the door slammed shut. Taylor stood dazed at the door, worried for Yvonne. 
As soon as they entered the room, Christopher hungrily kissed Yvonne’s trembling lips, and his hands ruthlessly tore apart her clothes. As they neared the bed, Yvonne was left with only her underwear, her arms shielding her chest as her last line of defense, trembling in fear. “No, please, Mr. Iverson…” 
“Yvonne, do you dare refuse me?” 
Christopher pressed down on her soft figure, glaring at her pretty face, which resembled Bella’s so much. “Even if Bella refuses me, what right do you have to refuse me?!” 
With a swift motion, he slapped her across the face! 
Yvonne’s cheeks swelled up from the blow, her ears ringing. 
She had been with Christopher for almost ten years, and even though he treated her as a toy, he had never laid a hand on her before. 
This slap extinguished the last bit of hope Yvonne had for him. 
The perfect, kind, gentle young master she once knew seemed to be drifting further away, and she was starting to lose sight of him. 
Christopher froze abruptly. His lips were pale and dry, slightly parted. 
Before he could say anything, his phone rang. 
Christopher pulled away from Yvonne’s body, reaching into his pants pocket for his phone. 
The name displayed on the screen made his brow furrow deeply.
“Why do you have time to call me?” 
“If I didn’t call, how would you handle the current trouble?” The voice on the other end chuckled playfully. 
Christopher turned his back to answer the call, but Yvonne still faintly heard the voice on the other end. 
It was a captivating voice, elegant and low, highly recognizable. It was a voice that, once heard, would be unforgettable. 
“Even you know about it.” Christopher’s attitude toward him was surprisingly respectful. 
“Yes, Ms. Thompson is quite the character. Her face mesmerizes people, and her personality is so compelling that she won’t stop until she turns the world upside down. She is truly a heroine among women. I quite like her indomitable spirit.” 
Christopher’s chest tightened. He left a white mark on his lower lip from biting into it. 
“But rest assured, I am not one to steal someone else’s love. I compete with you for the woman you love.” The man chuckled ligh 
“Not only will I not compete with you, I’ll even help you get Ms. Thompson.”
###chapter1159
Christopher’s sluggish spirit suddenly cheered up. “Please tell me more.” 
The voice said, “Take a look at your phone. There’s a gift for you.” 
He immediately glanced at the screen, and sure enough, there was a new email notification. 
Yvonne stared fixedly at Christopher’s rigid figure. She became increasingly curious about the identity of the person on the other end of the phone. Who could change Christopher’s arrogant demeanor? 
Christopher pressed his pale lips tightly together and opened the new email. Inside the email was a diagnostic report from a hospital. 
His brows furrowed deeply, and he quickly scanned through it. His pupils suddenly contracted as a huge shock seized his heart, causing him to almost drop the phone. 
The man joked. “What’s wrong? Surprised?” 
“Is this real? No… This can’t be real…” Christopher repeatedly scanned the diagnostic report, trembling uncontrollably. He felt as if he had fallen into an icy abyss. “Bella… How could she have possibly been pregnant with Justin’s child? How could they have had a child?” 
“What’s wrong with having a child? Just because she was pregnant, you no longer love her?” The man sneered, his tone dripping with cold disdain, as if he regarded everything as worthless. 
“You should be grateful. That child was stillborn, so you don’t have to raise Justin’s child. After all, being a stepfather is no easy task.”
Christopher was deeply affected, his eye sockets flushing crimson as if crying blood, unable to break free from the agony for a long time. 
“They had a child, and to this day, Justin knows nothing about it. Ms. Thompson has never told him.” The man continued, laughing to himself. “Not only does Justin not know, but even Chairman Thompson as well as Ms. Thompson’s doting brothers are all unaware. Just think, if the men of the Thompson family were to learn that Ms. Thompson had a miscarriage for Justin, not only that, but also lost the right to be a mother… Do you think they would still support Ms. Thompson and Justin reuniting? It’s impossible, isn’t it?” 
Christopher gripped the phone tightly, pain spreading throughout his body, his face as pale and stiff as if on the verge of death. 
The man was right. The greatest pain in Bella’s life was the grief of losing a child. But this pain was the ace up his sleeve to completely tear Bella and Justin apart! As long as he could hinder them from being together, he was willing to do anything! 
Christopher’s eyes flashed with a fierce light. “Thank you for your help. If I can win Bella with a single move, in the future, I will definitely repay you generously.” 
The man replied. “Over these years, you have managed the business of Sentania very well, which has helped me a lot. This is just a small favor. You don’t need to worry too much about it.” 
After a moment of silence, he suddenly remembered, “Oh, by the way. You can’t personally spread this matter. It will only arouse suspicion and backfire.” 
Christopher said, “Understood. I’ve already chosen a spokesperson.”
Christopher pushed his blood-stained glasses with his slender fingers, an evil smile playing at the corners of his eyes. “No one is more suitable than her.” 
A horse racing event has plunged both the Salvador and Hoffman families into a dual crisis. 
The heat surrounding the “Shannon Horse Racing Video” remained high. Despite Salvador Corporation’s public relations department working overtime to control public opinion and delete indecent videos, this thing was like lice in the hair, impossible to completely eradicate and still spreading wildly in the shadows.
###chapter1160
[Who has the video of Shannon? Can you send me a copy?] 
[Good stuff should be shared!] 
[I want it too!] 
[+1!] 
[Hehe~ I’ve already seen it. It’s very exciting. PM me if you want it!] 
[Damn! What’s so interesting about a middle-aged witch touching herself? You guys have such weird tastes. Send me a copy too!] 
The greatest trouble for the Salvador family was the loss of reputation, but the trouble faced by the Hoffman family was more complicated. 
The incident involving the injury of KS Group’s racehorse at the horse racing event quickly spread nationwide. Not only did the underhar tactics in the competition cause severe damage to reputation, it nearly resulted in Bella’s serious injury. 
All of this directly caused Hoffman Group’s stock to hit the limit dow the next day, evaporating tens of billions in the stock market. 
Several domestic partnership agreements were also canceled one after another, fearing that the Hoffman family would use the same methods against them. The KS Group might be wealthy enough to demand an explanation from the Hoffman family, but if they were deceived, they would have to swallow their pride.
Liam was frantically dealing with the mess, but his arrogant and domineering behavior at the horse racing event had also spread within the circle. 
Others only pretended to show him respect due to his status as the second master of the Hoffman family, but in reality, his personal credibility was shattered, and no one believed his lies. 
Overnight, the Hoffman family was isolated, and the Hoffman group faced an imminent crisis. Logan was already an old man in his twilight years, and with this blow, he was overwhelmed by anger and directly admitted to the hospital. 
Claire, Zoe, and Liam all stayed in the hospital ward. 
Logan leaned against the head of the bed, his pale face flushed with anger. “More failures than successes! None of you have the ability to solve the troubles of the Hoffman family. What’s the use of keeping me alive? If we can’t get through this storm, I will immediately dote all my wealth to society, and all of you can be damned!” 
Zoe was scared out of her wits! Logan’s wealth… That was su huge piece of meat! If she lost her inheritance, she would cry to de 
Logan lamented bitterly. “Heaven does not favor my family! I only had that one promising son… God, why did you take away my Finn!” 
“Finn! Look at what has become of the Hoffman family. If you were here, how could it have come to this?” Claire remembered her late husband and couldn’t help but cry. 
Liam gritted his teeth, “Dad, please don’t get too worked up. I’m already trying to calm this storm. I’ll slowly convince those board members who canceled the cooperation…”
“Hmph! Do you think I don’t know your capabilities? If you had been more courteous to Bella and the Thompson family at the time, how could it have escalated to this?” Logan was utterly disappointed in Liam, angrily rebuking him. “From the incident until now, public opinion, stock prices, cooperation-can you explain any of them clearly to me? Your own reputation is in question now. How can you save the Hoffman family? Do you think you can still save face?” 
Liam felt a lump in his throat, his chest tight with frustration. He truly felt embarrassed for being scolded by his father in front of the whole family at his age. 
“You shouldn’t show your face for now, in case you make things worse. Hand over the projects you’re in charge of to Ryan temporarily, and let him deal with the mess in the group. The public doesn’t want, to see your face. It’s better for you to stay far away now, so people don’t become more disgusted with our family!” 
With a wave of his hand, Logan promoted Ryan to a position a an interim CEO. Even if it was temporary, Ryan almost gained the highest decision-making power, second only to Logan! 
If an interim CEO was appointed, the official position would not be fa behind. Liam was stunned. His face was filled with resentment and as pale as plaster. 
After all the years he spent toiling for the Hoffman family, it was all for naught. Just because of a damn horse racing event, Liam lost his authority and wiped away all his painstaking efforts.
###chapter1161
Liam believed he deserved more than that. 
“Give me more time, Dad! I promise to do a good job. I have cleaned up many messes within the Hoffman Group throughout the years. Don’t you trust me?” Drenched in sweat, Liam tried to persuade Logan. 
“That’s enough. This is the end of the matter.” 
Logan furrowed his brows in annoyance. “I have not been paying Ryan much attention in the last few years. This will be a great trial for him. As Ryan’s uncle, shouldn’t you take him under your wing?” 
In other words, Liam should drop the matter. 
With the scales tipping in her family’s favor, Zoe struck while the iron/ was hot and stuck close to Logan. She said sweetly, “Grandpa, did you forget that we have one more way to fix the problem?” 
“What is it?” 
“Didn’t you say that you’d talk to Mr. Salvador about a wedding proposal with me at the horse track?” Zoe blinked bashfully. 
Claire was shocked. “Why are you bringing that up, Zoe?” 
“Wedding proposal? Ha, now isn’t the time or place to talk about that.” 
Liam sneered, “Your scandal at the horse racing event is still the talk of the town. Did you forget? I doubt any prestigious family, much less the Salvadors, would want your hand in marriage. Marrying you would be declaring war with the Thompsons.”
Enraged, Zoe gave Liam the stink eye. 
Before she could refute him, Logan frowned and said solemnly, “The wedding has to go on.” 
That was a shocker. 
It was most wise to keep a low profile until the scandal died down. Yet, Logan was cooking something up. 
“If we could unite with the Salvadors through marriage, our shares would likely rise back up. This might also deter the troublemakers in the company from another uprising. Besides, Salvador Corporation needs something to show for it, especially after Shannon’s shocking behavior. The marriage alliance benefits them too. The partnership between Salvador Corporation and Journey Ventures is new and isn’t solid yet. If the marriage alliance is a success, that’s our ticket to befriend Journey Ventures too. The incident at the horse track won’t matter much anymore.” 
Convinced of his own idea, Logan grew enthusiastic, and his eyes sparkled. 
Zoe expressed shyness as joy washed over her. 
Liam said, “Dad, that proposal has crossed my mind, but the marriage alliance won’t work unless both parties are on board. You saw how much Justin loves Bella. She’s the only woman for him. Since Grant doesn’t get involved in the business, Gregory won’t want to be on Justin’s bad books to keep a cushy lifestyle. There is no way Zoe will become the president’s wife unless Justin says so.” 
Liam had a point. 
Logan grew grim. “That’s true. This is tricky.” 
“Justin is lovestruck with Bella. He won’t accept another woman unless Bella suddenly dies or something.” Liam clicked his tongue while shaking his head.
As a man, Liam could read Justin like a book. 
He had seen the same deep sentiment in the way Ryan looked at Carrie. 
As a dark cloud hung over the family, Zoe’s phone rang. 
She indiscreetly fished out her phone for a look. Alarmed, she snuck out of the ward and took the call somewhere private. 
Several minutes later, Zoe returned to the ward. 
She rushed to Logan’s bed with a spring in her steps, sat down, and took his hand, her eyes flickering with excitement. 
“You can rest easy, Grandpa. I have a solution to break Bella up, for sure. The Salvadors would not have a choice but accept me.”
###chapter1162
The incident with Shannon at the race track plunged Salvador Corporation into deep turmoil. 
As the head of the family, Nigel gave Gregory an ultimatum. 
Shannon could rot in prison, but if Gregory still thought she was worth saving, Nigel intended to cut him off completely. 
However, Gregory had his own concerns. 
If he were to turn his back on Shannon, the public would have a go at him, calling him out for being a heartless capitalist who used his wife as a pawn. 
His first marriage with an heiress of the Fowler family ended. His second wife was rumored to suffer from depression due to his neglect and had jumped to her death. His third wife, Shannon suspected of using. 
Gregory did not want to give the public another reason to mock h He did not want to hear that things would not end well if no wom was involved with him. 
To protect his pride, he could not let Shannon become a criminal. 
Gregory was in for a surprise, though. 
Justin bypassed him, the chairman, and held a meeting with higher management. 
Shannon was relieved of all her duties. 
The meeting was over before Gregory could make it there. When the chairman arrived on the scene, the senior executives were just getting up to leave. They fell silent and gave the chairman a nod.
“I expect an explanation, Justin. Why did you host the meeting without my permission?” Fury drove Gregory to press for answers on the spot. 
“It’s just a regular meeting. It’s no different from any other day.” 
Justin sunk his back into his seat, a pen twirling between his fingers. His eyes were hard to read. “I’m the president. Shouldn’t I preside over meetings? Why are you getting worked over this?” 
“You have overstepped by dismissing Shannon without notifying me. You should have included me in the important decision-making process. These are rules.” Gregory was livid. 
“It’s too late.” 
Justin’s eyes were cold. “The entire nation is waiting for o ision on Shannon, but you made no comment for three days. T at the horse racing event is not going anywhere. Salvador Co can’t take another hit. As the president of this company, I nee make a call. I see no reason why you would oppose my decision unless you are delusional enough to still want to save Shannon.” 
Rage overcame Gregory. “Justin!” 
“Shannon has broken the law multiple times by lining her pockets and using drugs. No individual with any ounce of self-respect would continue to work at the company that they had ruined. What did she ever do to help the company anyway?” Justin smirked. 
“Shannon is just under investigation. She is not convicted. A lot of things don’t add up. For all we know, Shannon could have been framed.” 
The senior executives did not know how to react. 
“How was Shannon framed to inject drugs into herself when no one is around to force her?”
“That’s the strange part. The timing is suspicious. Shannon isn’t one to be sloppy.” 
Gregory regretted the moment the words left his lips. 
Judging by what he said, everybody deduced that Shannon had not been caught before because she acted cautiously. 
Sure enough, the people made faces. 
Losing patience, Justin grimaced. “I have approved an internal and external notice about Shannon’s dismissal. I can’t take back my words now.” 
Justin rose to his feet, adjusted his Windsor knot, and walked off. 
“Don’t forget who you are, Justin! I am the chairman of Salvador Corporation. I make the decisions around here.” 
With blood boiling, Gregory put his finger up to Justin’s face. “Do you think you’re safe because you’re the president? Don’t forget that you’re not my only son. I made you the president, but I can make Grant the president too. When Grant comes back, trust me when I say that you will be out of the family business.” 
Everybody present held their breaths in fright.
###chapter1163
It was no secret that Gregory and Justin did not get along. However, it was their first fallout in public throughout all the years. 
Justin was savage and aggressive, but there was no denying that Salvador Corporation’s finances were more than healthy during his tenure as president. The company expanded across the city rather quickly and vigorously. 
The employees bore witness to Justin’s prowess. 
It was a bad idea for Gregory to remove Justin from the company because of Shannon. 
Gregory’s words would have gotten to Justin in the past. 
Now, Gregory’s threat was water off a duck’s back. 
Salvador Corporation was not everything to Justin anymore. Bella was a lot more important than Salvador Corporation. 
“I’m not interested in knowing who will become the president of th company in the future, but I’m running the company right now. No one can stop me from firing Shannon.” 
Justin took strides out of the meeting room. 
The senior executives kept hushed while Gregory scowled. 
It was dark outside when Justin left the office. 
Justin sat wearily in the back seat of a fancy car, his head falling back as he rested.
“Mr. Salvador, you were a badass to go up against Chairman Salvador today.” lan was excited just thinking about it. 
“It pays to be badass.” Justin curled his lips wryly. 
“So what? You will forever be remembered as a badass! Besides, Grant is too sick to handle anything. Even if he returns to Savrow, he wouldn’t last a week with the amount of work you do.” 
lan beamed optimistically. “Besides, everything is good between you and the young madam. She will support you, no matter what. Your future wife is the heiress of the Thompson family, and your future father-in-law is the chairman of KS Group. Plus, you have multiple capable brothers-in-law. With that many on your side, what is Chairman Salvador going to do to you?” 
“So you’re saying that I should live off Bella?” Justin asked whi narrowing his eyes. 
lan gasped sharply and stumbled for words. “N-No… Y-You… Li N-No. Maybe a little.” 
Justin’s lips twitched. “Ian. I should get you an appointment with Larson. He’s a neurosurgeon. He can look inside that tiny brain of yours.” 
lan smiled apologetically, his heart racing. 
However, Justin had become softer how that he was with Bella. 
Before, Justin would tell him to meet with HR for his final paycheck. At least now, Justin would just be concerned about his health. 
After a brief silence, Justin noticed the tightness in his chest. 
He was brought back to the years he grew alongside Salvador Corporation and the hardships he had been through for the development of the company.
Yet he was nothing but a disposal pawn to Gregory all along. 
“Take me home, lan.” 
Justin closed his eyes and breathed out, his voice reflecting tenderness. “I really, really miss her.” 
: 
Bella was home alone that night. Humming to a tune, she propped her arm on her hip while stirring the pot. 
Wilma hit it off with another nanny in the neighborhood, and they became best friends. Bella approved a long leave for her to get out and have fun with her new friend. 
Injured, Bella was hurting and had restricted mobility. However, could not lie prostrate for long. While her man was out the whole she thought about making dinner for him. 
Memories of the past suddenly came back to her. She used to master the art of cooking because the way to a man’s heart was through his stomach. 
It seemed so funny now that she thought about it.
###chapter1164
The food was not the determining factor of love. An individual who truly loved and cared would find anything the partner did charming. 
Lost in cooking, Bella did not realize Justin sneaking up behind her. 
“Ah!” 
She exclaimed as Justin pulled her into his arms, enveloping her in his musky scent. 
“You can’t sit still, can you? I haven’t been gone for long, girl. Why aren’t you resting?” 
His arms locking around her waist longingly pained her. 
Still, she did not say anything about it. Instead, she put her right hand over his tensed hand and gave him a gentle pat as he held her. 
His heavy heaving lingered along the wisps of her hair and her ne stirring a moist and tickling sensation. 
She shuddered and caught a whiff of tobacco. She frowned. “Huh Did you smoke?” 
“I’m sorry, Bella. I couldn’t help myself.” 
Justin’s voice was hoarse with guilt. He rested his chin on her shoulder, snuggling up to her. “It won’t happen again.” 
“Is something on your mind?” Sensing his crestfallen mood, Bella was alarmed. 
“No.”
“Did Chairman Salvador give you trouble at work today?” 
Nothing went past the woman’s eye. 
Justin curled his lips wryly. “I need to check later whether you planted a bug on me.” 
“Hmph! Yeah, I did. Here.” 
Bella turned around and cheekily poked his chest. “Was it about Shannon?” 
“I held a corporate meeting today to relieve Shannon of all her duties. Gregory wasn’t having it. He still wants to save Shannon.” 
Justin spoke nonchalantly and tucked her stray hair behind her ear. But don’t worry, I won’t let him get away with it. Shannon must die.” 
“He’s not trying to protect Shannon. At the end of the day, he’s trying to protect himself. God knows what the public will say about hir nothing ends well for every woman he was with.” Bella spoke her mind. 
“I know. The best thing about my dad is that he’s selfish.” 
Upset, Justin sighed dejectedly. He felt like his family problem was extended to her. “But don’t worry. When we get married, we won’t stay at Tideview Manor. We’ll move out.” 
Get married? 
Bella’s heart raced, and she blushed. 
“If you want to spend more time with your family, I’ll live with you in Hatchbay. If you’re worried about Grandpa, we can buy a property in Crescent Bay. It’ll be easy to get together.” Justin’s eyes sparkled
as he envisioned their future together. 
“Grandpa called me two days ago. He asked how I was doing and said that he had enough of Savrow because of how manipulative people are. He’s thinking about living in Hatchbay with me.” Bella’s lashes fluttered, and her voice was soft. 
“You’re the boss.” 
Justin kissed her lips. 
They locked lips, and their breaths mingled. 
A while later, Bella left his lips breathlessly, her face flushing. “It will be hard for you to go to work and back if we live in Hatchbay. The daily transit will take 4 hours.” 
“I can just take the chopper. Since lan can’t pilot that, I can do it. That’s not important, though. All I want is for you to always be hap 
Nothing mattered more than her happiness. 
Bella’s eyes welled up. She was touched by his words. 
However, she got the feeling that something was still bothering him.
###chapter1165
“Bella, since you’re talking about ajfuture with me, does that mean that you are happy to marry me?” Justin let out a bad-boy smile and 
gave her cheek a squeeze. 
Bella was stubborn. “No. I didn’t say I was going to marry you. Besides 
“That was not a proposal,’ Bella thought to herself. 
Ralph was faced with a tricky situation at the station. 
The police were past the legal limit for holding Shannon in custody. Ralph’s bosses were putting pressure on Ralph to let Salvador Corporation bail Shannon out in the next two hours. 
Time passed. 
Hunter Lovett met with Shannon in the interrogation room and drew 
close to Ralph’s desk. He took a seat and crossed his legs arrogantly. 
Lifting his chin, Hunter said with a mocking smile, “Captain 
Thompson, I know you want to get even for your sister, but everybody is equal in the eyes of the law. Don’t try to accuse the innocent. Don’t 
expect to make everything so personal. In fact, you’re showing your 
inadequacy to act accordingly as a police officer. You’re green. Compared to your veteran officers, you have so much to learn.”
“So you’re saying the person in there is innocent?” 
Raising his brow, Ralph stared intently at Hunter’s smug face. “Mr. Lovett, you are too blind to see the facts right in front of you.” 
“You!” 
While enraged, Hunter kept himself from pounding the table to stay in character. He hissed through clenched teeth, “Captain Thompson, don’t think I won’t do anything to you because you’re Chairman Thompson’s son. I can sue you for the personal attack.” 
“Go on then if you dare,” Ralph sneered. He had seen through the 
man’s tendency to pick on the weak. 
The Lovett brothers were so different. Steven was a great guy, but 
Hunter turned out to be a jerk. 
“Hmph! Stop the pointless resistance, Captain Thompson.” 
Hunter sunk his back into his seat and arrogantly looked at the time. There’s two hours left on the clock. What’s the point of holding her? The outcome will not change. What can a measly police officer do? 
“Why don’t you just call it quits and go back to being an heir? You 
might be of better use to society.” 
“Why should I listen to you?” 
Ralph glared at Hunter’s sickening face and replied, “Even if I have
two hours, Shannon has to stay here until the very end.” 
Hunter shrugged. “Alright then. It won’t stop me from going back 
home to watch my show tonight.” 
Despite his blank face, Ralph clenched his fists. 
Fuck! 
He prayed for a miracle. 
A female officer hurried over. 
“Captain Thompson, we have a confession.” 
“A confession? Which case?” 
“Shannon’s case. He said that Shannon got the drugs from him. He 
has proof to show that Shannon was using.” 
Ralph’s eyes lit up. 
Hunter’s breath hitched as shock washed over him. 
“What’s his name?” 
Simon entered with a faint smile.
###chapter1166
Since Bella gave Justin the brush-off, he suddenly realized he had come on too strong and thoughtlessly on her. 
Justin had only brought pain to Bella, whether it was in the past or the 
present. 
While he could not help himself now, he was a jerk who did not give Bella a grand proposal. The nerve of him to envision their life together before getting his shit together. 
Bella was gracious enough to not blow up at him. 
Ah! 
“Oh, no. My stew!” 
As the stew bubbled out of the pot, Bella handled the situation in 
panic. 
Justin felt a lump in his throat when he saw the boiling stew and other food on display. A tear escaped his eye, but he swiftly wiped it 
off. 
He did not want to tire Bella, so without changing his clothes, he 
rolled up his sleeves and cleaned up the kitchen before setting up the 
dinner table.
Emotions swept over him moments ago, driving him to tear up. He 
regretted his past actions and felt bad for her. 
He had a blissful life during the three years of their marriage, but he 
never once cherished her. 
Fortunately, he had her back in his life. This time, he would appreciate and hold onto his hard-won happiness. 
“It’s getting hot lately. The perfect weather for pavlova. Try it.” 
Bella took a scoop of pavlova and fed it to Justin. 
Justin leaned over and opened his mouth when she recoiled back and tried to slurp down the dessert instead. She winked to tease him. 
As lust filled his eyes, Justin held her down by the neck and bit half 
the pavlova off her mouth. 
He swallowed the dessert before sealing her lips and devouring her 
muffled moans. 
After nuzzling for a while, Bella went weak in the knees from the kiss. 
Her silk dressing gown was wet from sweat and stuck to her back, 
not leaving her figure much to the imagination. 
As his eyes wandered off, Justin felt a rush to his loins.
“Was it sweet?” Bella wrapped her left arm around his shoulder and 
rubbed off the crumbs on the edge of his lips. 
“It was, but not sweeter than you.” Justin stuck her finger into his 
mouth. 
“Why are you getting naughtier?” 
Feeling a numbing sensation at her fingertips, Bella shuddered and said coyly, “Alright. Come on and eat. The food will get cold.” 
Justin released her for now and sat down to dig in when Bella’s 
phone rang. 
It was Ralph calling. Anxious, she put the call on loudspeaker. “What happened, Ralph?” 
“I have good and bad news, Bella. Which do you want to hear first?” Ralph sounded conflicted. 
Bella and Justin exchanged glances. “Give me the good news.” 
“Shannon is finally charged with using and possessing drugs. First- 
time users are sent to rehab centers but due to Shannon’s 
possession of more than the legal amount, she will get at least three 
years.” 
Three years was too light of a sentence.
However, it was no big deal because this was only the start of her 
karma. 
“What’s the bad news?” Justin asked solemnly. 
“Simon turned himself in to get Shannon charged.”
###chapter1167
Justin and Bella were shocked. Her heart sank too. “Dr. Fairchild 
turned himself in?” 
“Yes. He handed me all the evidence of Shannon’s crimes. Salvador Corporation’s shares will plummet if the evidence comes to light. Gregory will get the shock of his life, and the press will have a field day. Hunter won’t be able to get Shannon out now.” 
It was good news, but Bella had nothing to rejoice over. 
Reading her mood, Justin pulled her into his arms and said tenderly, “I know dinner is the last thing on your mind now. Let’s head to the police station now. I’ll reheat the food later for you.” 
Bella rested her head on his chest and nodded with a frown. 
Simon sat calmly in the interrogation room, a wall dividing hir 
Shannon. 
His composure was a stark contrast to Shannon’s hysterical behav 
“Officers, I am about to confess Shannon’s and my crimes.” 
Ralph took one hard look at Simon “Mr. Fairchild, you should know that the offense you commit is heavier than Shannon’s. You will 
receive a heavy sentence for dealing.” 
“I understand, Captain Thompson.” Simon remained indifferent.
“Why?” 
That was the only way Ralph could approach this question because he was a police officer. 
Simon knew what he was asking. 
If he chose to keep his mouth shut, the police would not be able to charge him, even if Shannon sold him out. Yet Simon chose to admit his guilt. 
“I’m sure you have someone you care about a lot, apart from your parents. You are willing to do anything for her.” 
Bella’s smiling face came to Ralph’s mind. 
“You have an answer, and coincidentally, my answer is the same as yours.” Simon smiled faintly. 
The sincere smile was straight from his heart. 
Ralph was shocked. He sighed. “I understand.” 
“No, you don’t. No one can understand such a pure and complicated feeling.” Simon’s smile gradually turned into arrogance. 
Soon, Bella and Justin arrived at the police station. 
To their surprise, Simon refused to meet them. 
Bella knew Simon was sacrificing himself for the greater good. 
The pain and guilt ate her up inside.
Justin held her shaking shoulders and whispered words of comfort. Don’t panic, Bella. I will hire the best lawyer for Dr. Fairchild, someone
###chapter1168
“Bella, there’s one thing among the evidence Simon provided me, but 
I’m hesitant to present it to the court. Shannon can still be charged without this piece of evidence. But it can make Gregory drop Shannon 
completely.” 
Ralph pulled out his laptop and played a clip captured on surveillance. 
Despite the absence of sound, the video was rather provocative. 
Justin gasped sharply. Even though they were all adults, he still tried to cover Bella’s eyes. 
In the video, Shannon rode on Simon with her eyes closed. She enjoyed the motion in full nudity. 
Ralph kept a stoic face. During his years of service in the force, he 
had seen brain gunk and chopped bodies. Shannon’s homemade video was equally gross. 
Bella pulled herself together and mocked her with a straight face.” The witch sure kept her figure.” 
“Dr. Fairchild sacrificed a lot.” Ralph sighed and shut his laptop. 
” 
Bella said, “This video never existed. Don’t ever let the video get out.” 
Both men knew that she was protecting Simon’s last dignity.
Simon volunteered to be Bella’s pawn and gave up his dignity as a human in the game. He would do anything, even at the cost of ruining himself, just to give Bella whatever she needed. 
“If I had to take revenge at the expense of stripping another’s dignity, I 
would look down on myself. I won’t be a slave to hatred.” Bella gritted 
her teeth, the pain still killing her inside. 
“Bella…” 
Justin and Ralph stood behind her and stared at her strong but 
crestfallen back, not knowing the right words to say. 
Ralph walked them out of his office. 
They quickly came face-to-face with Hunter, who was in a foul mood. 
Justin held Bella’s hand tight and stared at the man with piercing 
eyes. 
Hunter could not breathe because Justin’s gaze felt like a knife to his 
throat. 
Still, Hunter got his act together and mocked, “You sure have an 
extensive network, Ms. Thompson.” 
“Thanks for the compliment.”
Bella curled her lips and smirked cockily. “But it’s a shame you did all the work for Mrs. Salvador, and everything came to nothing. I heard that you never lost a case in your decade-long career. Even your law firm carries the undefeatable signage proudly.” 
Taking Bella’s lead, Justin raised his brow and taunted, “I think you 
can remove the signage first thing in the morning before anybody questions your claim when Shannon’s case goes to court.” 
Ralph snickered behind them. 
The handsome couple was relentless in making snide remarks. Maybe the trait was transferable through kisses. 
Hunter gritted his teeth in resentment. 
Shannon was only charged with using. The case was not huge, but 
the defeat would cost him his reputation in the industry and with 
Gregory. 
Hunter had never lost before, and he could not stand a defeat. 
Bitter, Hunter gnashed his teeth and let out a sinister smile. “Haha. I have underestimated you, Ms. Thompson. I thought you were a tough 
woman, but it turns out you sacrifice your decency for anything a 
man can do for you.”
###chapter1169
Bella kept her cool. If she could not take an insult, how was she 
supposed to lead a multibillion-dollar empire? 
However, the two men beside her were not having it. 
Justin, in particular, clenched his fists and trembled with rage. He 
looked like he was about to blow up. 
Hunter laughed cockily because Justin could not take his anger out 
on him at the police station. “Haha! You’re a lucky man, Mr. Salvador. 
Ms. Thompson has you sorted for any unsettled problems. I guess all 
men yield to Ms. Thompson’s wishes. You’ll get what you want through her.” 
“Argh!” 
Hunter’s conceit did not last long. He had a moment of blackout. 
His nose hurt badly, and he saw stars when he face-planted on the 
ground. 
“Justin?” 
Bella’s eyes widened in shock, and her heart beat out of her chest as
she stared blankly at her man’s strong back. 
Even Ralph was dumbfounded. He did not even see how Justin hit 
Hunter to the ground. 
Ralph made a note to himself to check the surveillance footage later 
to learn Justin’s move. 
“J-Justin! We are in the police station. H-How could you hit me?” 
Hunter held his nose, tears and a nosebleed rolling down. “I’ll sue you for aggravated assault. I’ll… I’II…” 
“Aggravated assault? But I didn’t hit anyone.” 
Justin clutched his fingers, his knuckles popping as he looked askance at Hunter. “You’re not human. I can’t even call you an animal because I’ll be insulting the animal kingdom.” 
Hunter shook with rage and fear. 
However, he was not a nobody. Hunter was a renowned attorney and 
the heir of the Lovett family. He had never been so humiliated. 
Hence, Hunter shouted out loud to attract the attention of other cops. 
“The president of Salvador Corporation is throwing his weight around and abusing the innocent. He attacked and insulted me in the police station! Justin, your upbringing doesn’t give you the right to do 
whatever you please. You’re disregarding the law and the legal
system by attacking me here.” 
“Listen up, Hunter.” 
Justin narrowed his eyes on Hunter, his voice chilly. “If you have a problem, you can come after me. I play your game. But don’t you 
ever run your mouth about my woman. Even if it means jail time, I will make you pay. If I catch you speaking ill of her again, I’ll pull your tongue out and flush it down the toilet. Just try me.” 
Hunter’s eyes bulged, and his tongue went numb. 
Bella went up and took Justin’s hand. She blew on his red knuckles 
and whined, “You hit too hard. Your hand is swelling.” 
“It’s okay.” Justin smiled at her without a care. 
Bella locked eyes with him before giving Hunter a smirk. “If you have to sit behind bars, I should help you by giving him extra punches. 
“It’s boring to be in the free world alone. I should keep you company 
in jail.” 
Ralph’s jaw dropped. Bella’s and Justin’s flirting was something else. 
With pain the last thing on his mind, Hunter was dumbstruck. 
What did they take him for? A subject to spice up their love life? 
A flurry of footsteps approached.
“What are you doing, Justin?” 
Justin looked up and grimaced.
###chapter1170

Gregory glared at his trouble-making son. He was visibly upset.
Behind him was Paul, his security detail, and Bethany, who looked peevish.
In fact, Bethany did not want to be there to see Shannon. She had not set foot in Tideview Manor since the horse racing event.
Shannon, her mother, had embarrassed her.
Bethany did not dare check her social media or watch TV. She did see a few comments about her mother in chat groups.
She blocked her socialite group, but those people made jokes at her and her mother's expense.
[Poor Mrs. Salvador. I bet there hasn't been much activity in the bedroom for a long time. Otherwise, she wouldn't be so thirsty to feel herself so intensely.]
[A middle-aged woman with children is no different than a breeding stock in a man's eyes. Even with her career as a celebrity, Mrs. Salvador can't stop her relationship from fizzling out.]
[What does it have to do with her being middle-aged? Mrs. Salvador is using drugs and incontinent. I wouldn't want to be in Chairman Salvador's shoes. That's a scandal that will never die down.]
[I think Bethany is the one to suffer. She didn't even have a proper boyfriend. Her mother was taken away by the police. I doubt any man would want to get involved with her family and take her hand in marriage. It must be humiliating for her.]
Her so-called best friends had no qualms about talking behind her back.
No one needed friends like them.
Yet Bethany had to look like she cared about her mother. Regardless of Gregory's feelings for Shannon, Bethany had to show her father that she was a devoted and caring daughter.
She needed to prove she was way better than Carrie.
Bethany just witnessed Justin assaulting Hunter and heard their conversation.
She sneered to herself.
Justin could stir a huge commotion for the bitch for all Bethany cared. He would not stay as president for long once their father ditched him.
"What am I doing? Can't you see for yourself?" Justin narrowed his eyes dangerously.
"Have you forgotten who you are? This is the police station. It's beneath you to raise your fists like a crass thug. You're so foolish."
Gregory started to see Justin in a new light because he had let Mary down. However, Justin's reckless behavior did not sit right with him.
Ralph and the surrounding police officers shook their heads in disdain at the chairman of Salvador Corporation's accusation.
"Chairman Salvador doesn't seem to grasp the bigger picture. How does he run the company anyway? I have no words."
"I know, right? Mr. Salvador isn't right to assault someone, but Chairman Salvador only sees his behavior as crass and humiliating. I can't believe his perspective."
"Those with money lose their human nature."
Gregory was not deaf. Of course, he heard the chatter and grew angrier at Justin.
"I know the person I am." Justin returned to Bella's side without hesitation and held her hand.
His eyes met hers with tenderness. "I am Bella Thompson's man. He insulted her, so it's only right that I punch him."
Bella's heart raced, and her hand in his grasp curled.
"You!" Gregory was stunned.
"If your woman was publicly insulted by a bastard, would you remain calm and do nothing about it, Chairman Salvador?"
Justin curled his lips. "That reminds me. You love yourself more than anyone else."
Everybody was shocked.
Sparks flew between Justin and Gregory.
While Gregory was lost for words, Bethany jumped in and stood up for her father. "How could you talk to Dad in that manner, Justin? You were wrong to attack a person, and your behavior will cost the company's reputation. What's wrong with Dad giving you an earful? Do you really want to be under public scrutiny because of a woman?"
Bella could not stand Bethany criticizing her man. However, the matter was between the Salvador family. Though she and Justin were bound to re-enter marriage, she had no right to meddle in their affairs.
###chapter1171
If Bella stepped in at this moment, it would only worsen the 
relationship between Justin and his father. 
Bella was not afraid Gregory would dislike her, but she feared that Justin, already having a hard time in the Salvador Corporation, would 
be in a more difficult position. 
“Public scrutiny? I think you are referring to Shannon.” 
Justin did not even look Bethany in the eye. His voice was 
threateningly cold as he said, “I advise you to stay put. If you want to 
be stubborn and try to clear your evil mother’s name, I will definitely 
send you after your mother’s footsteps and let you reunite in jail.” 
These words were not only meant for Bethany; they were also for 
Gregory. 
Justin was telling them to stop dreaming about saving Shannon. 
“Justin Salvador! You… How can you do this?!” 
Bethany stomped her feet in anger, quickly grabbing and shaking Gregory’s arm, almost crying. “Dad! Look at what Justin is saying! He wants my mother dead! She is your wife! Not only does he want to kill my mother, but he wants to kill me too! How did I offend him? He
wants to destroy us! Who is the evil one here?!” 
Gregory’s head became dizzy. He was annoyed but could not free his 
arm for a moment. 
“Chairman Salvador…” 
Seeing that Justin had such a bad relationship with Gregory, Hunter thought his opportunity had arrived. 
Hunter scrambled to climb up from the floor, standing in front of Gregory with an upset face while wiping his bloody nose. “Chairman Salvador, I’ve dedicated myself wholeheartedly to working for you and 
the Salvador Corporation. I know Mr. Justin bore a heavy grudge against your wife, and as a lawyer, I’m only doing my job. But Mr. Justin vented his anger at me just because he had grievances. 
Chairman Salvador, this is unfair to me!” 
Seeing Hunter’s face full of blood, Gregory did not dare to spare 
another glance at him. “Mr. Lovett, I’m sorry about this. I will handle 
this matter.” 
Justin was already utterly disgusted with the Salvador family and everything related to it. 
“Bella, let’s go home.” 
He did not want to breathe the same air as Gregory anymore. He took
Bella’s hand without regard for the crowd’s gazes and walked out 
unscrupulously. 
When he passed by Hunter, Justin halted and said casually, “You can claim your medical fees from my secretary. It’s a rare opportunity to be beaten by me. You’d better ask for more.” 
Hunter’s face twisted from anger, which aggravated his injuries, 
almost making him yell out in pain. 
Bella stared at Justin’s broad shoulders and reliable back, obediently 
following him with small steps. 
Ralph watched with astonishment. 
His little sister had never conformed to stereotypes since she was 
young. Unlike other girls, she was brave, aggressive, and outspoken. 
However, in front of Justin, she took on the appearance of a gentle 
and fragile housewife, which was an unprecedented scene. Ralph 
even wanted to take a photo of it. 
“Ms. Thompson.” Gregory suddenly called out coldly. 
The couple stopped. Justin tensed up, immediately shielding Bella in 
her arms as if someone would snatch her away from him.
“Chairman Salvador, is there anything else?” However, Bella asked 
humbly and calmly. 
“Do you dare to say that you had nothing to do with what happened in 
the horse-racing event, from how the video was exposed publicly to 
Shannon being arrested and that doctor appearing to testify?” 
Gregory gritted his teeth and asked angrily. 
Justin frowned. “Chairman Salvador, you can speak to me directly if 
you have something to say. Don’t trouble Bella.” 
But Bella was calm and composed, revealing a bright smile at Gregory instead. 
“How can I say that I have nothing to do with it? In fact, I had 
everything to do with it.” 
The crowd was speechless. 
The people from the Salvador family were dumbfounded, and even 
Justin was surprised by her honesty. 
Bethany finally grabbed the opportunity and snarled, “Bella Thompson! I knew you were secretly plotting to destroy my mother! I 
knew my mother was innocent. It was all because of you! How could you be so evil?! You caused chaos in our family and seduced my brother, using him to achieve your ugly goals! You’re a demon! A
troublemaker!” 
Ralph could no longer bear it and was about to speak up for his sister when Bella smiled calmly. “Chairman Salvador, Dr. Fairchild is indeed working for me.”
###chapter1172
Bella said, “But how your wife got close to Dr. Fairchild, took drugs, and became addicted to the point that she risked everything to get the drugs from him on the day of the horse-racing event was all her voluntary action. Nobody forced her in the slightest. This is a setup, but Madam Shannon has had a choice since the beginning.”
After that, Justin gently held Bella’s shoulders as they left the police station. “Dad! Are you letting her leave like that!? She is the culprit behind this trap to destroy Mom!” Bethany yelled anxiously.
Paul could not bear watching her any longer and mocked sarcastically, “We need evidence to prove Ms. Bella’s words. If you don’t have evidence, please mind your words, or Ms. Bella could sue you for slander.”
Bethany glared at Paul fiercely.
“Captain Thompson, I'd like to meet Chief Collin.” Gregory looked at Ralph coldly.
Ralph’s lean figure stood against the wall with his arms crossed. *
Chief Collin is not around. Someone higher up is looking for him, so he went out.”
“Then I'll have to trouble you to call him now and ask him to meet me immediately.” “Sorry, I’m just a low-ranking policeman. | don’t have the authority to order a chief around.” Ralph yawned and waved his hand. “If you want to look for him, call him yourself.”
His neglectful attitude infuriated Gregory even more.
Gregory knew that Ralph was the son of Wyatt's second mistress and Bella’s half-brother. He certainly would not treat him nicely. ‘Hmph! A mistress’s son would never be worthy of my time!”
Bethany continued sobbing, “Dad, Bella is stepping over your head! Must we let that wretched woman manipulate us and let ourselves be at her mercy?!”
“Impossible. It’s impossible!”
Gregory’s expression was stiff as he gritted his teeth. “I know what she wants. She just wants to marry Justin again. She could dream on. I'll never let a scheming woman like her become my daughter-in- law. It’s no use even if Dad sides with her!”
On the way home, Bella leaned against Justin’s chest softly, drawing circles on his solid chest muscles. She said, “Don’t offend your father for me anymore.” “I'm not afraid,” Justin replied hoarsely, lowering his face to kiss her forehead.
“Chairman Salvador is still the chairman and has the final say in the corporation. Aren't you afraid that he will fire you in a fit of anger and pass the family business to your brother?” Bella voiced her concern seriously.
“If Gregory really wants to abandon me, and I’m not the president of the Salvador Corporation anymore, | might need you to support me financially in the future.” Justin smiled bitterly.
“Are you planning to freeload? The Thompson family doesn’t take in people who don’t work.” Bella raised an eyebrow.
“| can do what’s within my ability. I’m very capable.” His chest muscles tightened, bouncing her fingertips.
“Oh? How capable?”
Justin’s hand slipped through her
pals waist, lifting her ICH Tee is eyes, staringtat Her Were dripping
with heavy desire. “You'll know when
we get home.” Visit 
to read the latest chapter of this
novel
Bella blushed, hooked her arms around his neck, and kissed him deeply.
Their car stopped in front of the villa!
lan left the car first to open the door for Justin and Bella. At this mo
he notic cal Hlatks lanftededition
R IS Royce parked in front of the gate with a demanding presence despite the dark surroundings. 
The door of the Rolls Royce opened just as Justin carried Bella out of the car. “Bella.”
The two were stunned. Bella's eyes widened in Suprisgjramediatel) = jdm giny off Justin's arms. 
“Dad...?” 
###chapter1173
Chapter 1173 Justin bowed calmly to Wyatt, showing excellent manners as someone younger. Although Wyatt had quite a deep grudge against Justin and
repeatedly gave him a hard time, Justin loved Bella and respected Wyatt’s character. Therefore, Justin was still humble, but it was different from Christopher’s desperately flattering attitude.
“Chairman Salvador, the night breeze is cold and damp. Please be careful not to catch a cold.” Justin’s humble and calm attitude made Wyatt feel quite comfortable. Wyatt nodded slightly.
Bella was uneasy when she saw Wyatt without any bodyguards around him. She hurriedly walked over and said, “Dad, why didn’t you bring anyone? You came alone. What if...”
“Quentin knows how to fight. Moreover, it's late at night. | don’t want to disturb their sleep. | also want to see how my daughter is doing in
Savrow and whether she is living comfortably.”
Wyatt sized up the villa. “Hmm, it’s well-equipped, albeit a bit small. It’s not spacious but cozy.”
“You didn’t pick the lock to go in, did you?” Bella’s face flushed, but she still kept a sharp tongue.
She was shy because her villa had now become her and Justin’s love nest, with traces of their domestic life everywhere.
“Can't you view me as a normal person for once?”
Wyatt was speechless. “Don’t you have a maid at home? She opened the door for me and also served afternoon tea. | ate a few biscuits, which tasted good, so | had Quentin pack up the rest.”
Quentin shook the transparent box in his hand. “Wyatt, damn you! Those are the snacks | made for Justin. Give it to me!” Bella stomped her feet angrily, raising her arm to try to snatch it back, but Justin stopped her in time.
She complained, “You have three women around you every day, but Justin only has me! He hasn't even tried it yet. How could you steal the snacks? Give it back!”
“Bella, it’s alright...” Justin hugged her tightly, feeling amused. “Tsk, it’s not a loss for you to give these snacks to your father.
Besides, you could make these for him anytime he wants to eat in the future, but as your father, | have to come to Savrow! How difficult it is! I'm not giving them back!” Wyatt glared at her, refusing to give up. In the future?
The young couple was stunned, looking at each other instinctively.
Although it was not obvious, Wyatt's attitude had a subtle difference when he met Justin this time.
In the past, Wyatt wanted nothing more than to separate them nm through violeriog aut eh abcd only did he not reprimand Justin harshly, but he also dropped heavy hints. 
Justin’s heart started racing, and his palms became sweaty. However, he did not dare to overthink it. As long as Wyatt’s attitude toward him improved, even by alittle, Justin was satisfied. In the end, Bella could not win the argument, and Wyatt took the snacks away.
She spent so much effort making them fora whole ernogn, andher manconly ?o € bite before Wyatt took them all. How frustrating! 
“Hey, | see that you’re as energetic as ever. Has your waist healed?” Wyatt was concerned about his daughter’s injury. “It's fine. I’m not that fragile.” Bella straightened her back and raised her chin. “Bella, don’t force yourself. How could it heal so fast? Muscle injuries are hard to recover from!”
Justin frowned worriedly, exposing her on the spot. “You were i mM ucpainshd JaFOc0 vit slp last night, and it was hard to turn over. Why didn’t you tell your father the truth?” 
###chapter1174
Chapter 1174 “Did... Did I? You talk too much.” Bella pursed her lips, nudging Justin with her elbow.
Wyatt watched the interaction between Bella and Justin, feeling an indescribable warmth in his heart, as if he were bombarded by too much sweetness.
Even Quentin, who was standing behind Wyatt, could not help but smile
“Mr. Salvador, Bella is still recovering. Although you are by her side, you are still busy with your work and can’t take care of her well. | can’t be rest assured of my daughter, so | want to take her home to recuperate for a few days.”
After joking around and chit-chatting, Wyatt went straight to business.
“| won't go. Who said nobody would take care of me? Wilma is reliable and takes great care of me every day! | don’t want to go home.” In front of the two men Bella loved the most, she acted like a stubborn and cute little girl.
Justin stood by her side silently, his grip on her waist gradually tightening.
He wanted her to go home because she would be well taken care of, and she could spend time with her family. However, he was hesitant to part with her. He wished to cherish every moment spent with her and shower her with love and affection.
Even if they merely separated for a day, he would be tortured by
Seeing that he could not get through to Bella, Wyatt looked at Justin and said sternly, “Mr. Salvador, although you were married
before, you two are no longer husband and wife. Moreover, you and Bella are not from ordinary families. | think it’s inappropriate for the two of you to live together like this. If you genuinely want a future with Bella, you should take it one step at a time instead of searching for a shortcut. What do you say?”
Justin took a deep breath and pushed his beloved woman toward Wyatt, gently and hesitantly. “Bella, go home with your father first and recover from your injury.”
“You... Are you chasing me away?” Bella’s delicate brows furrowed, looking as aggrieved as an abandoned kitten, her eyes turning red.
“Silly girl, what are you talking about? I’m not chasing you away. I’n doing it for your good.” Justin’s throat choked up, his heart aching when he saw her pitiful expression.
“Then will you come see me in Hatchbay?” Bella’s lips trembled slightly. “Of course. I'll visit you after a few days.” Only God knew that he could not even bear to wait a few days.
Justin even wanted to leave for Hatchbay at dawn. He would be satisfied waiting outside Yara Park if it meant he would be closer to her.
An inexplicable sense of guilt surged in Wyatt's heart suddenly.
However, he would rather be a sinner than leave Bella alone in Savrow.
Bella had just offended the Salvador and Hoffman fas and the Hoffman foe ‘s,degdhatd treed" Hater. Gat did not know what else they would try next. He was so worried that he could not sleep when he thought of this. 
In the end, Bella got into the car and left with Wyatt. As the night grew deeper, Justin stood in the wind for a long time, watching as the luxury car drove away. He only lowered his head when the car was out of sight, clenching his fists secretly, his eyes tearing up.
lan thought that his boss looked so pitiful and comforted him softly. Mr. Salvador, gone WOrey- woking Mada) Party Went home. It's not like she won't come back to you. A short separation might spice your relationship!” chapter of this
novel
Justin’s vision gradually blurred as he said ina hare wolee know Gust! feel hat. can t take good care of her.” 
The Rolls Royce drove toward Hatchbay under the night sky. In the backseat of the car, Bella leaned on her father’s shoulder, not saying a word for a long time.
Wyatt held her shoulder and patted her softly like coaxing a child, asking gently, “Bella, are you mad at me?” 
###chapter1175
Bella shook her head. “I know you are doing this for me.”
After a while, Wyatt suddenly heard faint sobs, and his shirt felt warm and wet.
“Bella? You... Are you crying?”
“Dad... | miss Justin... | miss him so much...”
It had been too long since Bella had clung to Wyatt and cried like this, but Wyatt felt bitter in his heart, and his eyes teared up. When Camilla moved to Sentania, Wyatt did not feel such strong. emotions.
But seeing Bella and Justin deeply in love and unable to part from each other now, he felt as if Justin had cut off a part of his heart. Someone who was not a father could never understand the type of pain and hesitance.
He thought, ‘My Bella. This time, | can’t keep you anymore.’ Bella shut herself in her room after she reached home and wrapped herself in her blankets while talking to Justin on the phone.
She kept talking nonstop, like a chatterbox. Justin listened to her patiently on the other side, occasionally agreeing with her or adding to her suggestions.
Two people with resonating souls and the same views really had
Bella eventually felt dizzy and drifted off to sleep unknowingly.
The next day, she rubbed her drowsy eyes and stretched lazily.
“Bella, it seems you had a great sleep.”
What?!
Bella sucked in a breath, immediately turning over to fish out her still- lit phone. “Justin?! You... Why are you still on the line?!”
On the other end, Justin’s voice was slightly hoarse and sounded obviously tired. “You went quiet last night while we talked. | thought you must have fallen asleep.”
“So... You...”
“| couldn’t bring myself to hang up. After all, it's not every day th get to hear you snore and grind your teeth while I’m still awake.” Justin chuckled.
Bella blushed and buried her head into the blanket. “Nonsense... | don’t do that! Pretty girls don’t snore or grind their teeth!”
“Okay, okay... | must have misheard.” Justin quickly comforted her and could not hold back a yawn.
“Go to sleep. You've stayed up for the whole night. You must be exhausted!” Bella felt distressed.
“Oh, right. Bella, we might be able to meet up very soon. The Reeds ar holding a party avtheikeastle
ae ion on the outskirts of Savrow this weekend. He has informed the four prominent families, so your 
“The Reeds are planning a party? It looks like theychaye sambthing inypértahtto announce.” Bella’s eyes sparkled. 
“| guess they will announce their final decision about their business partner.”
“Your father should have been bus recently. He defipitely wan't give up: ont ShSnde to work with Journey Ventures.” 
“Shannon’s incident already left him overwhelmed. He doesn’t have the time or energy to think about the Reeds.”
Justin’s voice suddenly turned heavy. “But I’m not sure whether my brother will take any action.” 
###chapter1176
“Justin, although your brother is recuperating from his illness in Meridan, you must not let down your guard. His first public appearance was when you guys signed the contract with Journey Ventures. Since he has taken action, it means that he'll return sooner or later.” Bella could not help worrying for Justin.
“Bella, you're really afraid of me freeloading on you.” Justin chuckled and teased her. “lm serious!”
“I'm not afraid of him coming back or confronting him directly. If he wants to take back what belonged to him under the premise of fair competition, | will have no complaints.”
Bella knew the kidnapping case had always been a thorn in Justin’s heart. He always felt as if he owed Grant.
“But if he operates in the shadows and uses illegal means, | won’t let him. Your family won the race in the horse racing event. If Wilson
Reed keeps to his word, he should choose you without hesitation. But if my brother or someone else tries to sabotage it, | won’t sit idly.”
Justin’s deep voice fluttered in her ears, particularly strumming her heartstrings. “Don’t worry. I’m here.” Celeste did not go on a vacation, as she said. Instead, she stayed home to take care of Wyatt and cook for the family.
She was grateful to Bella for avenging her, but once she had a lover, family, and daughter, vengeance was nothing more than an insignificant speck of dust in her eyes.
Bella happily gulped down all the nutritious soup Celeste made for her. Bella’s three stepmothers surrounded her, relieved once they saw Bella’s rosy cheeks. “Looks like that brat took good care of you.”
Sasha rested her chin on her hand and shook her head. “After listening to you, | quite admire Justin. A privileged young master w willing to become a househusband for you. That’s not a small sacrifice.”
“Indeed. Wyatt would never do the same thing. He’s too proud.” Mi smiled and teased. Bella put on a smug expression, feeling as if she had struck gold.
“Bella, be patient a little longer. | think Wyatt is considering your relationship with Justin. He’s just too proud to go back on his words.”
Celeste’s words stunned the other three women, delighting them.
“Really?!”
“Wyatt had his eyes on Christopher before and kept trying to create opportunities eqahira. But!) after the Kors aokene event, | think clear to Christopher that day. Wyatt won't intervene in your relationship with Justin anymore. Everything will take its natural course.” 
Bella felt extremely excited and drank another bowl of soup. They have finally seen a ray of hope!
“Madam Celeste, Ms. Amelia and Mr. Lovett are here. They awaiting in \ thé living d Wedges "The butler came and reported. 
Celeste’s expression turned slightly stiff. “Got it. I’ll come over in a while.” “Aunt Celeste, you don’t look right. Did anything happen?” Bella keenly noticed Celeste’s unusual act. ”
Celeste did not know how to start, but Sasha quickly chimed in,’ Wyatt is aware of Amelia and leo
disagree’ bi iff Oe Steven's brother is Shannon’s defense attorney, and h father supports him in servicing the Salvador Corporation. Wyatt is even more displeased by it.” 
###chapter1177
Chapter 1177 “What's wrong with Wyatt? What does Hunter’s business have to do with Steve? I'll go argue with him!”
Bella indignantly slammed on the table and got up, but Celeste grabbed her. “Don’t! Bella, this matter has nothing to do with you. You shouldn't intervene in case your father gets even angrier!”
“Steve is a very important friend of mine, and Amelia is my sister.
How could | stay out of it? | must intervene!” Bella knew the feeling of having her family to her relationship. She did not want Amelia to follow in her footsteps.
Bella was the most beloved daughter in the Thompson family and had a hard time loving someone. Steven was just a secretary, and
Amelia was a timid person with not much of her own thoughts. love would be like a boat in the middle of a storm. How could it withstand the overwhelming waves of family opposition?
“Bella, don’t be stubborn.”
Mila stopped her too. “Your father had just started to have a better impression of Justin, and your days with him are getting a little better. If you anger him at this time, he’s petty enough to vent his anger on Justin.”
“Yeah, and Amelia is Celeste’s daughter. It’s inappropriate for you to jump out,” Sasha echoed. Bella sighed solemnly and went back to drinking her soup to distract herself. Celeste went out to greet her daughter, and Bella followed behind.
In the living room, Steven and Amelia sat properly on the sofa, their shoulders touching as they looked at each other lovingly, emanating a sweet atmosphere.
Bella grew happier with each moment she looked at them, grinning so widely that she was about to burst with romance. “Steve, Amelia, it’s been some time.”
The couple quickly stood up. Amelia lowered her eyes shyly, asking sweetly, “Bella, how are you? Are your injuries better?” “It's fine. Everything’s fine when | see you two.”
“Madam Celeste, Ms. Bella.” Steven bowed respectfully. He was elegant and polite.
Even though he was dating a daughter of the Thompson family now he never overstepped boundaries or forgot his place. “Steve, how are your injuries?” Bella asked with concern.
“It's healed now. Thanks for your concern.”
Steven was talking to Bella, but his gentle gaze never left Amelia’s blushing and beautiful face.
“Since you're here, let's...”
“Amelia, go upstairs. I'd like to talk to Steven privately.” Celeste interrupted Bella and said calmly. Steven's passionate gaze had just followed his beloved’s leaving
figure when Celeste’s voice turned cold. “Steven, | think you should knew ba no abouts Erich on your
idnship He doesn’t support you being with Amelia. So, I’m sorry, but | won't support you either.” 
Bella was stunned!
She never expected that Celeste, who was usually as gentle as water, would be so assertive when it came to her child’s marriage!
“Madam Celeste, | really love Amelia very much.”
Steven's lean figure stood stiff in place, and his clear eyes reflect rds ie aaa Kght- is
Ain oarse voice trembled.” Please believe me and give mea chance to prove my love to Amelia 
Celeste frowned and shook her head. “Steven, you’ve been coming t
Yara Park since you were a teen. | basically watched y: yougiew apa iy clearatioet y Werpeecony and have never doubted your feelings for Amelia.” 
###chapter1178
Celeste continued, “But there are many things in the world where sincerity alone isn’t enough to make it happen. We also need to consider many other factors. | think you understand the reasons well.”
Her casual words were like huge rocks that crashed into Steven's heart, stirring up wave after wave. Celeste said nothing else and turned around to leave.
Bella quickly caught up to Celeste and grabbed her hand, her gaze confused and anxious. “Aunt Celeste, why? You've praised Steven in front of me not just once before, and you have always liked him. Why did you change your mind too?”
“Liking Steven and marrying my daughter to him are two separate matters.” Celeste’s tone was still soft, but her words were sharp and piercing
Although Wyatt took Steven as his godson, it was only because he admired Steven’s character. But what the Lovett family had done recently made Wyatt unhappy. Wyatt is not hungry for power, and he doesn’t care about social status, but we could not let Amelia marry into an immoral family like that. | agree with him on this.”
“Aunt Celeste, Hunter is his own person. He can’t represent the whole Lovett family!” Bella tried her best to speak for Steven.
“Wyatt and | have decided. Amelia is still young, and she hasn’t graduated from university yet. It’s too early to talk about marriage now. We'll see in the future.”
Weird. It was too weird.
It was one thing that Wyatt insisted on acting this way due to his male ego. But why did Celeste’s attitude suddenly change drastically, as if they had reached an alliance?
“Ms. Bella.”
Bella turned around and saw Steven standing alone a few steps away with a pale face, and even his voice sounded cautious. “Steve, did you hear everything?” Bella felt bad for him.
“Ms. Bella, thanks for worrying about Amelia and me.”
Steven forced a bitter smile. “Let’s take it slow. | believe that as lo as Amelia and | love each other and stay together, they may ac us one day...”.
One day. How long was he going to let his beloved woman wait? Steven choked up, unable to continue speaking.
A bitter and sour pang of pain spread in Bella’s_heart. She walked to
him and patted his shoulder: “Steve, you have a tough road ahead with Amelia. Ane Bie een easiby\ \\ influenseGra unt Celeste doesn’t have the final say. Your brother is a bastard who crossed Wyatt’s bottom line, so Wyatt is venting his anger on the Lovett family.” 
“Hunter is not my brother anymore.”
Steven gritted his teeth. “When he lost his sense of justice and allied himself with Shannon fo powenand reese stdpbetHelng my brother. I'll go home and tell my father that if he doesn't do anything about Hunter, | will officially sever ties with the Lovett family. Then | won't be a Lovett anymore.” 
Bella sighed and said sternly, “Don’t do this, Steve. Your extreme approach won't solve the root of the problem.
“Justin and | will handle Hunter. After all, he is your brother and the eldest son in the fa ly-seyoulparerts put thdirdbd on him. Your parents aren't in good health. If you deal such a huge blow to them, your family will really fall apart.” 
“Ms. Bella...” Steven fell into a deep struggle, his clear eyes welling up with tears.
“Like me, you cherish your family very much. | don’t want to see get estranged from them. Whether it’s about Amelia or Hunter, | do my best to help you.”
Bella’s gaze was burning. “I'd rather be the villain than let you be one 
###chapter1179
At the Lovett family’s residence. 
“Oh my God! Hunter! What happened to your nose!?” 
Hunter, who was knocked to the ground by Justin’s heavy punch, was diagnosed with a broken nose at the hospital. His sense of smell might be damaged in the future, so he might not be able to distinguish between scents. 
It was quite fitting for someone like him who could not distinguish right from wrong. 
The main issue was that he had to extract a part of his ribs to support his nose and undergo plastic surgery. How embarrassing! 
Seeing that their son was beaten up, Neil and Chelsea were shocked and angry. Chelsea almost had a heart attack. “Hunter! Who beat you?! You’re a famous lawyer. Who would dare lay a finger on you?!”< 
“Mom, don’t ask anymore. It’s someone we can’t offend.” Hunter got angrier as he thought about it, but more than that, he found it difficult to explain. 
“A few days ago, you said you took over Chairman Salvador’s wife’s drug case, so you’ve been busy around the Salvador family these days.” 
Neil pondered, and his face darkened. “Shannon and Ms. Bella are mortal enemies. Since you accepted the Salvador family’s case, it means you’ve offended Ms. Bella. Did she beat you up?” 
Humiliation spread throughout Hunter’s body, and he gritted his teeth so hard it hurt. “It was Justin who took action, but under Bella’s instigation! Hmph… Anyway, the two of them are one entity, so there’s no difference in who made the move!”
“That brat from the Thompson family… She’s too much!” 
Chelsea clutched her chest and trembled in anger. “We did so much for the Thompson family. Your father was the head of the KS Group’s legal department before he retired, and Steven worked as their son’s secretary, bending over backward for them… 
“Because of a case and personal grudges, she teamed up with Mr. Salvador to bully you and even beat you up? Do they think they can bully us just because your father has retired, and they think we’re useless now?!” 
“Mom, calm down. You have heart problems.” Hunter quickly acted as a filial son and comforted his mother. 
“The Thompson family is going too far, especially Bella! She’s spoiled by Chairman Thompson!” 
Neil was also fuming. “I’ve worked hard to raise my children, but the Thompsons treat my son as a servant and even resort to violence. How dare they! Steve even told me he wanted to take the youngest 
Thompson daughter as his wife! He won’t marry anyone else!” 
Hunter’s ears perked up when he heard that. He asked, “Steve wants to marry the mistress’s daughter?” 
“Your brother has lost his mind. He was enchanted by the youngest 
Thompson daughter and had a fight with us a few days ago.” 
The mention of the mistress’s daughter had struck a nerve with Chelsea. She felt that Steven was too good for Amelia. “Our family is not their dumping ground. It’s not enough that we spend almost half of
our lives cleaning up their mess. Now, we have to let our youngest son marry their lousiest daughter, top? They’re taking it too far!” 
“Indeed. Steve is an outstanding and talented young man. He can marry whoever he wants. How could he choose a mistress’s daughter?” 
Hunter rubbed his nose and sneered. “People only respect Celeste 
because Chairman Thompson still wants her. If he gets tired of Celeste one day, it’s possible that he will just kick them out of the house. What will happen to Steve at that time? Does he need to support them financially? Our family will become a joke!” 
The Lovett couple felt a chill down their spines, feeling afraid. 
Hunter looked worried on the surface, but he wanted to smile slyly because he knew that the truth was not as he said. 
Steven would become a billionaire’s son-in-law if he really married Amelia. If so, the Lovett family would probably need to rely on Steven for glory. 
Hunter was the eldest son, and the pride of the whole family. Thus, he would never allow his youngest brother to surpass him. No matter what, Hunter was determined to tear this couple apart.
###chapter1180
Steven and Amelia were both important people to Bella. 
If the couple were to face difficulties, Bella would definitely feel upset. 
Hunter would feel satisfied if Bella were upset. 
That night, Lance invited Wyatt to a dinner at his private club. 
“Quentin, inform Celeste and Amelia. I’ll bring them to dinner tonight.” 
Wyatt stood in front of a full-length mirror and let his tailor take measurements. Darkness shadowed his brows, showing that something was on his mind. “Don’t alert Bella and the others.” 
Quentin seemed to understand something. He replied in a hushed tone, “Yes, Chairman Salvador.” 
In the private club’s luxurious lounge, Lance did not come alone. He brought Christopher and Charles, who had not made a public appearance in a while because he had just recovered. 
Christopher kept his composure the whole time, while Charles glared at Christopher viciously with red eyes. Charles almost crushed the glass by gripping it too hard. 
“Charles, why are you looking at me like that? Do you want a toast with me?” Christopher leisurely picked up his wine glass, pretending that he thought of something. 
Christopher blinked and said, “Oh, right. I just remembered. You can’t walk yet, and the doctor said you can’t consume alcohol for the time being. I forgot. Sorry, Charles.” 
Charles’s eyes bulged, and he wanted nothing more than to lunge at Christopher to break the latter’s neck.
With Bella’s help, Charles barely managed to save his left leg, but every time the temperature dropped or it rained, his bones would ache terribly. 
His right trouser leg was empty, with only a cold prosthetic. 
It was all thanks to Christopher! 
“Enough, Christopher. Say less.” Lance reminded him, but his tone was not as cold as before. 
“Father, I’m really concerned about Charles, but he seems to have misunderstood me.” 
Christopher spread his hands helplessly. “But I understand Charles. If I were in his place, I might be even more emotionally unstable than him for never being able to stand upright again. Charles’ mindset is better than most people.” 
“Christopher!” 
Charles could not bear it anymore, slamming on the table angrily. 
At this moment, the door opened. 
Lance’s secretary led Wyatt in. Lance stood up immediately, and his two sons followed suit. 
Charles’ movements with a crutch were slow and somewhat embarrassed, far less spirited than before, and his face was quite sunken. 
Christopher stared at the door, hoping for his beloved to appear. 
However, the next second, his sparkling eyes slowly dimmed. 
Coming in with Wyatt was not Bella, the one he longed for, but Celeste and Amelia.
###chapter1181
"Huh? Wyatt, why isn't Bella here?" Lance did not give up. He craned his neck to look out. 
"No need to look. Bella is still injured and unable to greet guests. I've asked her to rest at home recently, so she won't be coming over tonight," Wyatt calmly said. 
"Wyatt, this is not fair. You said you would bring Bella. Why did you go against your words? Furthermore, how are we guests? We will become a family in the future!" Lance nagged, but he felt confused. Wyatt sat down. "If you care about Bella, you'll let her rest and stop tiring her out." 
Before the horse racing event, Lance met with Wyatt privately. 
They had a great talk, and Wyatt was satisfied with his youngest son, patting his chest and guaranteeing that he would facilitate this marriage alliance to let Bella marry Christopher and become Lance's daughter-in-law. 
Lance also considered Charles's marriage. After all, Charles was still his flesh and blood, the son he doted on the most, apart from James. 
So, Lance wanted to use this opportunity to have a double celebration, proposing another marriage between the families. This time, with Amelia and Charles. 
Initially, with Amelia's background as a mistress's daughter, Lance felt she was unworthy of Charles. 
But now that Charles was left with one leg, he had no right to pick and choose, and the unimpressive Amelia suddenly seemed like a valid choice. 
Therefore, he brought Charles here tonight to meet with Amelia. 
But he could not understand why Wyatt, who had approved of Christopher as his son-in-law, did not bring Bella. Wyatt's attitude was also colder than before.
Christopher's interest was gone, and he downed a glass of wine sullenly. 
Unaware, Amelia was dressed in an elegant, white-laced dress, making her skin look fairer. As she was a dancer, her posture was graceful and stunning. Her exposed calf was fair and straight, looking like a flawless piece of art. 
Usually, Bella's beauty and presence were too dominant, so Amelia was easily ignored. 
However, the two sisters had their own unique type of beauty. 
Charles had been recuperating in the hospital for a long time, not seeing any women apart from the few nurses. Now that he saw Amelia, he could not look away. 
As a man, Christopher could see through Charles' dirty thoughts at a glance. He curled his lips and sneered. 
The dishes were served, but Wyatt barely touched his utensils, seemingly without appetite. 
Amelia sat beside Charles, and he was attentive to her, pouring wine and helping her with dishes, but Amelia only responded politely, not touching anything he took for her. She only had eyes for Steven and felt it was a sin to even look at other men. 
"Wyatt, the horse racing event is over. What we discussed..." 
Before Lance could finish his words, Wyatt finally spoke. "Lance, I know you adore Bella. You have held her since she was a baby and treated her the same as your daughter. I also know that Christopher loves her. He's good to me and always does things thoroughly. He's a junior that I like very much. However, we can't force love. Bella's heart already belongs to another. I trust you know who that man is." Wyatt's words caught Lance and Christopher off guard.
Christopher's dark eyes were filled with viciousness, entangled with bloodlust, and his exquisite features were stiff and tense. Even if he said nothing, he still exuded a terrifying chill. Seeing Christopher's spectacular expression, Charles could not help but smile gleefully. 
He thought, 'Christopher, you wanted to marry Ms. Bella and become Chairman Thompson's son-in-law so that you could control the Iverson Group and go against James, right? Fucking bastard. Dream on!' "Wyatt, what do you mean? Didn't we agree?!" 
Lance frowned angrily, turning red-faced at Wyatt for the first time. "We've been friends for 30 years. I've treated you better than your own brothers did! Back then, you were the target of an assassination. A sniper hid on the rooftop, but we didn't even know where he was. But even so, I still dared to stand in front of you to shield you from the bullets!"
###chapter1182
Wyatt listened silently, that frightening and life-threatening gunfight resurfacing in his mind. 
He was truly grateful to Lance for that time. They were still young and got along well. Lance risked his life to save him, which showed that their brotherhood was sincere. 
It was also during that time he was saved by Sasha, the daughter of the Southern Star Syndicate, by chance, which led to their marriage. 
"Yes, Lance. I will never forget your kindness as long as I live." Wyatt's voice was slightly hoarse as he spoke word by word. 
"I think you've forgotten it all! Otherwise, you wouldn't eat your words and take me for a fool!" 
Lance became more agitated as he yelled, picking up a valuable crystal glass on the table and smashing it on the ground. His face was red with anger, and he was panting heavily. 
Amelia and Celeste were stunned. 
Lance was usually playful and joked around with Wyatt. It was the first time they had seen him so mad. 
It was evident how much he wanted this marriage alliance to come true, so much so that he risked his thirty-year friendship with Wyatt. 
"Dad! Take care of yourself and don't get too worked up!" 
The two Iverson sons stood up at the same time, but Charles needed to rely on his crutches, causing him to be a step behind Christopher. 
Christopher had walked to his father, lightly patting Lance's heaving back, and comforted, "Dad, calm down. You have been good friends with Uncle Wyatt for decades. Your brotherhood is something that
even the younger generation envies. Don't destroy your friendship because of my marriage. If so, I will feel guilty my whole life." 
"Christopher, don't say that. This has nothing to do with you." 
Lance sighed and patted his thigh. "I'm useless as your father. After so many years, I still couldn't surpass the Salvador family to become the top player in Savrow. Your Uncle Wyatt looked down on us and wanted to ally with the Salvador family, which was understandable." 
"Dad, don't say that. It's not your fault. It's mine." 
Christopher pursed his lips and smiled bitterly, his eyes full of pain. "I was not able to win Bella's love. We are not destined to be together. Uncle Wyatt is right. We can't force love. If so, I wish Bella a lifetime of happiness. I hope she will grow old with Mr. Salvador this time." 
This time. 
The casual two words sounded particularly grating to the ears. 
"I understand now." 
Lance got up angrily, staring at Wyatt with a disappointed gaze. "Since Chairman Thompson has made his choice, I have nothing else to say. 
"All good things must come to an end. Chairman Thompson, when we meet again, we will be enemies. Christopher, Charles, let's go!" "Lance, wait." 
Wyatt's brows furrowed deeply, and he slowly got up, walking to Lance. "I've always fancied Christopher to become my son-in-law, and I hoped our families could become closer. But you've seen it at the horse racing event. The whole world saw Bella and Justin's relationship; it's as good as exposed.
If we talk about marriage now, it would not be good for your Iverson Group and your son's image!" Lance fell into deep thought. 
Christopher adjusted his glasses, his cold gaze quickly sweeping through Wyatt. 
What was wrong with this old geezer? Why did he feel like Wyatt was trying to push Bella and Justin to be together? 
Why did this happen? 
"Amelia." Wyatt suddenly called Amelia. 
"Yes, Dad." Amelia snapped out of her daze and obediently walked to her father.
###chapter1183
Wyatt stared at her with his unfathomable eyes and then looked at Lance. "Amelia is my youngest daughter with Celeste. She's also precious to me. Celeste and I were picking suitable marriage partners for her. Originally, I wanted her to marry into your family, but you wanted Bella, so I had to make other arrangements for Amelia. Now that Bella is dating Mr. Salvador, why don't we sit down and discuss the marriage between Christopher and Amelia? Amelia can marry Christopher once she graduates. What do you think?" 
His words were like lightning that struck Amelia's head. 
She trembled, pupils contracting as the color left her face. "Dad... I.....” 
Suddenly, Celeste grabbed Amelia's arm so hard that her fingers almost embedded into Amelia's flesh. 
Amelia anxiously looked at her mother, who was shaking her head. 
In the end, she could only lower her head timidly and aggrievedly, tears rolling around in her eyes. 
Wyatt's suggestion to let Amelia marry Christopher reversed the crumbling relationship between the two families. 
However, Christopher felt extremely anxious and excused himself, pacing back and forth on the balcony alone, emanating with resentment. 
He panted heavily, and his eyes were bloodshot. His clenched fist punched the railing repeatedly, hurting himself until his hands were swollen and red. However, the pain could not suppress the burning anger in his heart. 
What should he do?
Lance's true motive was to enter into a marriage alliance with KS Group, taking over Savrow together. Even if Bella were unavailable, he would not have many complaints about Amelia as a second choice. But now, Charles was a cripple. 
Wyatt would never marry his daughter to a cripple, so in the end, the marriage alliance would fall on Christopher's shoulders. 
But Christopher would never marry any woman other than Bella. 
"Hahaha... Christopher, you've calculated and schemed, but you've fallen into your own trap. You bent backward to flatter Chairman Thompson but still ended up with nothing!" 
Charles slowly limped over with the crutches, grinning widely when he saw Christopher's expression. "You dreamed of marrying Bella and did everything you could, but in the end, you still lost to Justin. "Bella had divorced Justin once. She would rather return to him than be with you. Say, how much of a failure are you? Hahaha!" 
Christopher's face was pale with anger, and his fingers gripping the rail bulged with veins. 
Suddenly, he recalled how Charles tried to woo Amelia during the dinner, and a plan formed in his mind. 
He smiled. "Charles, do you still have the heart to mock me? Why don't you worry about yourself? You're now crippled and can't handle most of the family business. Dad is losing patience too. Your only way to turn things around is through a marriage alliance. But now, Chairman Thompson was unwilling to let you have even his worst daughter. Of course, if I were Chairman Thompson, I would never let my daughter marry someone useless." 
"Who are you calling useless? I dare you to say that again!" Charles growled with bloodshot eyes.
"Even if I can't marry the eldest daughter, marrying Amelia wouldn't be a loss to me. Either way, I'd still become Chairman Thompson's son-in-law. It doesn't matter who I marry. But you'd have to think carefully. When I marry Amelia, I'll naturally gain Dad's favor. When the time comes, will you still have a place in the Iverson Group?" 
After that, Christopher smiled smugly and walked past Charles. 
"Christopher! Don't celebrate too soon!" 
Charles angrily slammed his crutches on the floor. "It's not up to you whether this marriage comes true!" 
Christopher's lips curled sinisterly just as he left the balcony. He knew that idiot, Charles, had taken the bait. "What a bargain for you, Charles."
###chapter1184
The dinner concluded with a suffocating atmosphere. 
Upon learning about the news of her marriage alliance with the Iverson family, Amelia acted like she was sitting on needles. Her delicate face lost all color as if all the blood had been drained from her body, feeling cold from head to toe. 
On the way home, she sat in the same car as her mother, not even having the chance to talk to Wyatt. 
"Mom... Why?" 
Tears shone in Amelia's eyes as she choked up, asking, "You know I love Steven... You know that I only want to marry him. Why... Why do you want me to marry into the Iverson family?!" 
Bitterness surged in Celeste's heart, but she still replied calmly, "Your father and I think this is a more suitable marriage for you. Steven's personality is great, but we disapprove of his family. Based on what I know, the Lovett family doesn't like you and me. If you insist on marrying Steven and enter into a marriage his parents disagree with, you will suffer every day. Even your strong sister, Bella, has ended up with a divorce after spending three miserable years with the Salvador family." 
Celeste continued, "Moreover, Hunter has taken a stand against our family, throwing aside the kindness we've shown him in the past and becoming Shannon's defense lawyer. I know a professional lawyer should not pick their cases, but Shannon has repeatedly tried to harm your sister and..." 
Recalling the slanders and humiliation she suffered from Shannon when she was still an actress, Celeste still felt her heart ache. "Hunter's actions and his parents' indulgence are something your father and I can't tolerate. The Lovett family has lost their morals, and we don't want to become their in-laws." 
"But... But Steven is different from them!"
Amelia felt as if her heart was squeezed tightly by an invisible hand, a lump forming in her throat. "Steven... Since he graduated, he has been working for Asher and Bella. Couldn't Dad see how loyal he was to our family?! If we completely deny Steven's efforts because of this, how upset would he be?!" 
Being genuinely innocent and caring, Amelia did not think of her future first. Instead, she felt indignant for Steven. "Bella told me that she divorced Justin not because of pressure from the Salvador family. It's because Justin didn't love her back then and betrayed her. But Steven has never betrayed me!" 
Celeste's lashes fluttered, and she pursed her lips. 
Amelia added, "Steven is nice to me... He is really nice..." 
Thinking of the wonderful times and moments of happiness she spent with Steven, Amelia's tears could not help streaming down her face. "Mom, I think I will never find another man that treats me so well... I don't want to lose him... I've loved him for so many years. I have had a crush on him since I was young... Now, I can finally be with him. Please convince Dad not to separate us, okay?” 
"Amelia, you are a daughter of the Thompson family. Don't you think you should do something for the family? Do you want to be a sheltered flower and an irresponsible child for the rest of your life?" 
Celeste had always been gentle in nature. Even when Amelia secretly applied to a film school to become an actress, Celeste did her best to convince Wyatt not to send Amelia abroad or stop Amelia from pursuing her dreams. 
This time, her stern expression intimidated Amelia. "Mom..." 
"Amelia, every child of the Thompson family has to contribute to the family unconditionally. Even your sister, who seemed as free as a bird, traveling around the world a few years ago, had to return to help
your father manage the hotel that was on the verge of collapse. Bella has to manage the vast KS Group in the future. You can only imagine how exhausting it will be." 
Amelia lowered her head, feeling inferior, her hands rubbing against each other until they were red. 
Bella was not only her sister but also her idol. 
However, Amelia was never like the sisters in soap operas, envious and dreaming of surpassing their dazzling sisters. She knew Bella was amazingly talented, and Amelia could not hope to compare. 
But was this the reason she had to sacrifice her love? 
"Mom... I..." 
"Another thing is the Lovett family's status. They are too far below us for you to marry into." 
Celeste stopped looking at her daughter. She shook her head and said, "Your sister is strong enough, and your future brother-in-law is the Salvador Corporation's president. If you marry Steven, what help would it be to Bella and the Thompson family? Amelia, you always say you want to do something for this family. Now, it is your time to contribute." 
When they returned to Yara Park, Amelia's eyes were swollen from crying. She stayed in the car for a while before getting out, fearing someone might see her. 
Wyatt's car had arrived first, and he briskly entered the house with Quentin trailing behind.
###chapter1185
"Chairman Thompson." 
Wyatt halted, finally noticing Steven standing before him for, God knows, how long. 
"Steven, it's late now. Are you not leaving yet?" He smiled faintly. 
"Chairman Thompson, I..." Steven hesitated to speak, feeling a lump in his throat. 
"I know you are waiting for Amelia, right?" 
Having his thoughts exposed, Steven was awkward and at a loss. After a moment of silence, he guiltily said, "Chairman Thompson, I'm really sorry about my brother. But please believe me. No matter what choice the Lovett family makes, I will also choose the Thompson's side." 
Wyatt curled his lips slightly. "This is your family's matter. You don't need to explain it to me. You must have a lot to say to Amelia, right? Have a good talk. I won't disturb you." 
His words sent a chill down Steven's spine. 
When Steven returned to his senses, Wyatt had gone far. 
After a while, Amelia, who had tidied herself up, entered the gate with a dazed expression. 
"Amelia!" 
Steven immediately rushed forward, opening his arms wide and pulling the girl he loved in a tight hug. 
"Steven, you... You're squeezing too tight. I can't breathe." Amelia acted casually and chided. 
Steven's eyes were red, refusing to listen to her.
Instead, his shaking shoulders were still squeezing her tighter, and his hot lips landed on her shoulder, leaving a passionate mark. "Sorry. I've made things difficult for you because of my family." Amelia took a deep breath, tears surging in her eyes discreetly. "It's nothing. Don't overthink it." 
The two young people in love hugged for a long time before parting hesitantly. 
"Steven, during this time... I'll have to plan my career path, so I'll be very busy." 
Amelia's voice was soft and low, her eyes flickering with a sad light. "Moreover, I've been studying at Savrow for the past four years and spent little time at Hatchbay. Now that I have more time, I want to stay at home and spend time with my parents. You've just recovered from a serious injury, and Bella said she wanted you to join the KS Group's legal department for training. You must be busy from now on, right?" Steven's breath hitched, and his heart tightened. "Amelia, what are you trying to say?" 
"We shouldn't meet for a while." Amelia forced a light smile. 
Instantly, Steven's heart felt torn apart. He grabbed her shoulders. "Amelia, did Chairman Thompson pressure you?! Did he forbid you from meeting me?" 
Amelia smiled bitterly. She did not dare to tell him the truth, afraid he would break down on the spot. 
"No, but so many things happened recently... We should wait for Bella and Justin to handle your brother's matter and when Dad calms down a bit before we meet again. It would be better that way. You should go home, Steven. You didn't get to rest well lately because of your family. Your dark circles are so heavy." 
Amelia's fingertips trembled as she gently caressed Steven's reddened eyes, a thousand emotions swirling in her aching heart.
Finally, she could not hold back anymore, standing on her tiptoes to hold her beloved man's face, pressing her lips against his with tears in her eyes. 
"Steven, I love you..." 
After Bella showered and came out of her room, she happened to bump into Amelia, whose eyes were swollen. Amelia was walking quickly toward her own room. 
"Amelia? Amelia!" 
However, Amelia pretended not to hear and quickened her steps.
###chapter1186
Bella knew that Amelia heard her but didn't want to stop. She was worried and chased after Amelia. 
"What's wrong, Amelia?" Bella abruptly grabbed her sister's arm. 
Amelia slowly turned around, her eyes glistening with tears. "It's nothing, Bella..." 
Bella was taken aback. "You're crying?! Why are you crying? Did you get into a fight with Steve? Or..." 
"Bella, please stay happy with Mr. Salvador..." 
With an unfinished sentence hanging, Amelia shook off Bella's hand and bolted down the corridor, ignoring all attempts to stop her. 
Bella furrowed her brows, sensing that something was amiss. She swiftly pulled out her phone and dialed Steven's number. 
"Ms. Bella," Steven's voice sounded weak, lacking its usual energy. 
"Steve, what did you say to my sister? Why is she crying so sadly? Did you do something to her?!" Bella asked with her hands on her hips, bombarding him with questions. 
"Amelia cried?" 
Steven's heart ached, but he answered truthfully, "Ms. Bella, I didn't argue with Ms. Amelia. But when she came back earlier, she seemed really upset. When I asked her why, she only said that she wouldn't be able to meet up with me for some time. She didn't say anything else." 
Bella grew increasingly suspicious as she listened. 
She knew how much Amelia relied on Steven.
Besides, the couple had only reaffirmed their commitment to each other earlier that day. So, why did she suddenly decide not to see Steven? 
"Did Amelia go out alone tonight? Did she tell you what she went out to do?" 
Steven pondered before replying softly, "Amelia seems to have gone out with Chairman Thompson and Madam Celeste." 
Upon hearing that, Bella's expression darkened. 
Meanwhile, in the study, Wyatt took the medication for his cerebral infarction and slumped onto the sofa, shutting his eyes to rest 
"Quentin, bring me a bucket. I feel like throwing up..." 
"Alright! Please endure it a bit longer!" 
Quentin rushed to fetch the bucket and kneeled beside Wyatt. 
Wyatt clutched his chest, hunching over in pain. However, despite his efforts, he struggled to vomit anything. 
"Chairman, this medication is too potent. You should cut down on the dosage." 
Quentin watched with concern. "I'm genuinely worried about you... What if your illness doesn't get cured, and this medicine makes it even worse? What do we do then?" "As we age, our bodies inevitably get weak. Whether I take this medicine or not, it's bound to happen. Let's try to stay positive." 
Wyatt sighed heavily, his once resilient spirit now faltering, showing signs of exhaustion. "But please... Don't let the kids know about this, especially Bella. I don't want her to be sad." Quentin's eyes glistened
with tears as he reassured, "Try to stay optimistic, Chairman. With today's advanced medical technology, there's still hope for treating your illness." 
"I understand. I'd like to live a little longer, too. But if something happens to me, what will become of Bella? What about my three wives, who've been with me through thick and thin?" 
Wyatt rubbed his throbbing temples, feeling the strain. "That's why we have to get to planning as soon as possible. Before Bella takes over the family business, I have to minimize potential obstacles and risks as much as possible." 
"Although Mr. Asher isn't interested in business, I'm sure he'll sacrifice everything to assist Ms. Bella if she encounters any difficulty." 
Just then, in the living room adjacent to the study, 
Bella pushed the door open and swiftly walked in, her demeanor cold and determined as she made her way to the doorway. 
Upon hearing the voices of Wyatt and his secretary from inside, she abruptly halted her steps, held her breath, and focused intently, pressing her ear against the door panel.
###chapter1187
With a loud bang, Bella burst angrily through the door. 
A flush of anger painted her snow-like complexion with a red hue, and her fists clenched tightly. 
Both Wyatt and Quentin were shocked, feeling their hearts skip a beat. 
Wyatt immediately scowled. "You disrespectful brat! Don't you know anything about courtesy and manners? Can't you knock before entering?" 
"Since when have I ever needed to knock in Yara Park? Now you're lecturing me on civilized manners? Heh, you're feeling guilty, aren't you?!" 
Bella trembled with anger. "Wyatt, do you think you're some emperor from the past? It's bad enough to have multiple wives, but now you want to use your daughter for business alliances to appease the Iversons! You're truly despicable as a father! I used to think you were just a womanizer, but now I realize that you're selfish and heartless! I overestimated you!" 
Wyatt was so angry that he almost spat out blood. 
However, his tone lacked his previous leniency this time, sounding notably stern and cold. "What do you know, brat? This is a matter of necessity." 
"Selling off your own daughter, tearing apart a loving couple, and destroying Amelia's lifelong happiness-is this your idea of necessity?" Bella could not help but scoff. 
Despite all the absurdities her father had done, she had not felt this enraged before. 
"You're young. You don't understand the difficulties of those in power. The Thompson family is a large household, and KS Group has tens of thousands of employees. How is it possible to make everyone
happy? Before I took over the group, I endured countless frustrations and grievances too. I sacrificed a lot to build the family business we have today!" 
Wyatt's brows furrowed in frustration. 
"Pfft, does that mean you want me to sacrifice everything for fame and fortune?" 
Bella's eyes were bloodshot. "If you're going to sacrifice Amelia now, who will you sacrifice next? You must be furious that Camilla got married early, so furious that you didn't have any more daughters to sacrifice!" 
"Bella! You!" 
Wyatt stood up suddenly, glaring at his most beloved daughter. 
The father-daughter duo faced each other in renewed tension. 
Quentin was sweating profusely, unable to bear seeing them argue. 
"What's the plan then? Do you intend to turn the other three major families into our enemies? Do you think you can cope with being attacked, no matter how tough you are?!" 
"I haven't even begun fighting back, and you're already doubting my abilities? Why are you underestimating me?!" 
As the argument escalated, Bella grew increasingly aggravated, her eyes ablaze with fury. "Christopher is nothing but a cunning and deceitful scoundrel! He repeatedly went against Camilla and her husband in Sentania and even schemed against Justin and Asher! Are you under some kind of spell? Christopher could betray you, and you'd obediently do as he says! And now you want to throw your daughter into the wolf's den?! Have you always been so successful by using some cheat codes?!"
Wyatt's body shook in anger. Even Quentin was shocked. 
But soon, Wyatt sneered suspiciously at her. "Bella, do you just shamelessly fabricate stories now?" 
"Damn it! After everything I've said, you still think I'm lying?!" 
Bella felt like she was about to explode with anger, her insides burning with fury. "Wyatt Thompson! Did you get bewitched by Christopher or what?!" 
"Ms. Bella, this is a serious matter. Do you have any evidence?" 
Quentin found it hard to believe. "You've known Mr. Christopher since you were a child, and your bond with him seemed genuine to me and the Chairman. How could he do such a thing? Given their rivalry, it's possible that Mr. Christopher harmed Mr. Justin. But accusing him of harming Mr. Asher... What's his motive behind it? It doesn't make sense for Mr. Christopher to act like this." 
"Quentin's right. Do you have any evidence?" Wyatt was aware of his daughter's cunning nature. She would likely use every means possible to prevent Amelia from marrying into the Iverson family. 
"I will have evidence, but I need time!" Bella clenched her teeth tightly. 
Of course, she intended to gather evidence. Evidence to fully expose Christopher. 
However, that man was the epitome of cunning. They still seemed utterly powerless against him.
###chapter1188
The only potential breakthrough was in capturing Winston's superior, Maxwell. With Maxwell's confirmation, Christopher's dark past will finally come to light.
However, Bella could not disclose all this to Wyatt, as sharing too much might raise suspicions prematurely and disrupt her and Justin's plans. Therefore, she had to proceed cautiously. "Alright. I'll reconsider my decision once you secure the evidence."
Wyatt felt a thin layer of sweat form on his forehead, drained of energy to argue further. With a cold expression, he headed toward the door.
Sensing his discomfort, Quentin hurriedly followed suit. "Wyatt! You heartless, selfish, cold-blooded capitalist!" Bella angrily yelled after her father as he walked away, her eyes filled with rage. "I hate you! | hate you so much!"
Wyatt felt as though a sharp blade had pierced his heart from behind, leaving a raw, bleeding wound in his heart, causing him to stagger in pain.
It reminded him of the last time Bella had yelled at him with such intensity, expressing her hatred, when the love of his life, Bella's mother, passed away. He simply could not understand.
Ever since Bella was born, he has given her the best of everything.
He could even sacrifice every member of the family and every drop of his blood to pave the way for her and create a secure and prosperous future for her.
But why did it end up like this? How did his daughter resent him so much? "Didn't you want to be with Justin?"
Wyatt's back remained turned against her, his voice icy and distant. "The love you're pursuing isn't blessed by many, and those who oppose it will undoubtedly cause trouble. My actions serve two purposes: to fulfill your wishes and stabilize KS Group, while also ensuring Amelia's prosperous marriage. So, why wouldn't | do it?”
Bella's shoulders dropped, her disappointment threatening to overwhelm her, constricting her throat and suffocating her.
"I'm not only your father but also the KS Group's chairman. | cannot ignore the risks to the group for the sake of your romantic pursuits. Furthermore, the freedom I've given you is unparalleled. | cannot please everyone. You should learn to be content, Bella.”
Bella took half a step back, her expression bewildered.
For the first time, she realized just how formidable Wyatt could be.
On her way back to the bedroom, Bella's clothes were soaked with sweat, leaving her feeling completely drained. Her chest was filled with anguish, making her feel suffocated and bloated with discomfort.
No, she could not allow Amelia to marry into the Iverson family, whether it was Charles or Christopher. Both were not worthy of her sister!
While Wyatt did not understand Christopher's horrible character, Bella knew it all too well. Thus, no matter the cost, she was determined to prevent the marriage alliance between the two families.
Just as she contemplated seeking out Amelia to offer her comfort, Bella's phone rang.
Justin's call pierced through her troubled thoughts lj @yarob m Ss shing momn&rt nly easing her distress. The content is on ! Read the latest chapter there!
However, her mood soured as she recalled the recent argument with her father, realizing that her. relatianship with sustiningiredtied to Wyatt pFegduring Amelia into a marriage alliance with the Ilversons. A profound sense of guilt gripped her like a thorny wheel grinding against her heart. The content is on ! Read the latest chapter there!
After a brief moment, Bella answered the call slowly, "Justin..." “What's wrong? You sound upset. Did you miss me?" Justin's deep voice entered her ear, tender and indulgent. Bella rubbed her eyes, feeling more upset. "Yeah..."
The man chuckled softly, his breath intoxicating even oyer the phonél |
" en stqncoWeflin On it. Come out. Let's meet." The content is on ! Read the latest chapter there!
###chapter1189
Bella dashed out of Yara Park without bothering to end the call or change her clothes, resembling a bird breaking free from its cage. 
In the quiet night, a lone lamp casts its glow on a tall and handsome figure, enveloping him in a soft halo of light. His eyes glistened brightly with anticipation. 
Despite the late hour and the forecasted rain, Justin hastily drove alone to reunite with his beloved partner after completing his duties in Savrow. 
It had only been a day, yet the longing felt unbearable for him. 
"Justin!" 
With tears glistening in her eyes, Bella pushed open the heavy gates and ran toward Justin. 
Justin's charming eyes widened momentarily, then softened into a narrow slit, his thin lips curling into a radiant and affectionate smile. 
He had already opened his arms, intending to greet her, but the petite woman had already flown into his embrace. He tightened his strong arms around her, hugging her tightly. 
"I rushed over as fast as I could because I was worried you'd be asleep." 
Justin's warm breath tickled her ear as he wrapped his right arm firmly around her slender waist, while his left hand tenderly caressed her thin back. His voice, low and gentle, assured her. "But it's okay. I'd wait for you here all night if I had to, even though waiting until the next morning will be quite tortuous." 
"Justin..." Bella sniffed, her eyes tinged with redness. 
Bella felt as though she were a whale returning to the sea or a bird returning to its nest.
It felt as if no other place in the world could make her feel more at ease than in his embrace. 
"Hmm? Bella, are you crying?" 
Justin was surprised as he gently lifted Bella's warm face by pinching her chin. 
Upon meeting her dewy eyes, a sharp pain pierced his heart, causing his brows to furrow slightly. "Are you really crying? Did someone upset you?" 
Bella pressed her fingers against his chest, crumpling his shirt. 
She recalled Wyatt's cruel words about arranging her sister's marriage to the Iverson family solely to facilitate her relationship with Justin. Tears continued to well up in her eyes as she asked, her voice choked with resentment, "Should we not be together?" 
Justin's heart clenched instantly, his lips trembling with concern. "Bella, what's going on? Why are you saying this all of a sudden?" 
"I just think that misfortunes keep coming one after another whenever we're together..." 
As Bella continued speaking, her emotions intensified, prompting tears to well up. While she projected strength and authority in the presence of others, with her beloved man, she transformed into a pool of water, soft and vulnerable. 
"First it was Asher, and now it's Amelia. Justin, we're not destined to be together... It feels like fate is against us!" 
Justin's face was filled with fear. His heart ached uncontrollably, and his hand trembled around her waist. His voice tightened as he asked, "Bella... Please don't scare me. What's wrong? Please tell me." Bella remained silent. She bit her lower lip, unsure of how to begin.
"Bella... I'll do anything for you. Even if you ask me to give up my position in the Salvador Corporation, I'll do it without hesitation." 
Justin felt like his throat was being constricted. His breath turned shallow. "Just don't leave me. Please... Please don't leave me." 
They had endured many thrilling experiences together and finally came together against all odds. Bella could not bear the thought of leaving him too.
###chapter1190
But how could they change Wyatt's mind? How could they stop Amelia from marrying Christopher? Bella took a deep breath and roughly outlined tonight's events to Justin, naturally omitting the conflict with Wyatt. She chose to downplay it, afraid of making Justin feel worried and guilty.
Justin's strong arms tightened around her waist, and his expression furrowed. "So, just because you and | are together, Chairman Thompson wants to rush your sister into a marriage with the lversons? Even if he favors them, this seems too abrupt."
"It seems sudden, but it's not so unexpected."
Bella shook her head in frustration, her anger manifesting in a sharp grip on Justin's chest. "Wyatt had been scheming behind our backs. He's never been happy about our relationship. It's possible he's already secretly arranged with Chairman Iverson to marry me off to Christopher. After the recent horse racing event, | heard from Steve that news of Wyatt's cordial relationship with Christopher was spreading. It's possible that they were laying the groundwork for the marriage alliance. It's just that they didn't expect the ordeal with the Hoffmans and Shannon getting arrested. Otherwise, Wyatt might've publicly announced my engagement with Christopher at the event. He's capable of anything!"
Justin felt a burning sensation from her grip-a slight pain that also felt like happiness. "Don't worry, Bella. Even if Chairman Thompson goes ahead with his plan, do you think | would stand by and watch you get involved with the jerk, Christopher?"
He then took her small hand, bringing it up to kiss it. His gaze was burning with intensity. "I'll do whatever it takes to get you back."
Bella thought silently to herself, ‘There was no need to get me back. | have always belonged to you.’
Her lashes fluttered softly. "But it's also thanks to Zoe causing trouble that Wyatt has started to view you differently. Otherwise, he might've forced both Amelia and me to marry into the Iverson family, cutting off any chance for you. So, | believe Chairman Iverson must have pressured Wyatt into making Amelia marry his son. It's truly disgusting!"
Seeing Bella so upset, Justin felt uneasy. "Bella, although | hate to say this, Christopher was quite obsessed with you before. He might not even consider marrying your sister. If he wants to win you over, he wouldn't agree to this marriage arrangement. And now that Charles is incapacitated, Chairman Thompson wouldn't allow Amelia to marry him. There's a chance this engagement may end up nowhere.” "Well, although that's true, Christopher is quite sinister when he sets his mind to it. There's no limit to what he might do."
Bella sighed as she rested her head against his chest. "Maybe this is just one of his schemes. By agreeing to the marriage, he can indirectly pressure me, making me feel intense guilt toward Amelia. Then I'll feel guilty whenever I'm with you. Even if he can't physically harm us, he still aims to torment us mentally."
"Don't worry, Bella. We'll face this together and find a solution."
As he spoke, distant thunder rumbled in the sky, followed by lightning streaking across the clouds. Within seconds, there was a heavy downpour.
Justin swiftly opened the car door, and the two hurried into the backseat.
It was uncertain whether the confined and humid space of the car cabin made dopamine secretion more likely, but they instinctively held each other close, their passionate embrace and kiss matching the intensity of the storm outside.
As heavy and intense breaths engulfed them, Justin kissed Bella until her brows and eyes became slightly hazy, her hands tugging at the man's tie clumsily.
Justin's eyes tinged with desire as his large hand hooked onto her delicate shoulder, siidiag daw? thé sitk strabldPher‘nightdress to her waist, revealing a large area of porcelain-fair skin that captivated and overwhelmed him. The content is on ! Read the latest chapter there!
"Bella..." He could not resist any longer and leaned down, pressing himself against her. Through the blurred and misty windows, their intertwined silhouettes were visible.
Despite the constraints of the car cabin, Bella felt as if her eR drifted nto,aplissity Gu _ Her cheeks were flushed, and she felt like she was melting. The content is on ! Read the latest chapter there!
After their intimate encounter, the heavy rain outside gradually subsided.
Bella, who felt utterly limp, was
embraced by the in his arms) h haincnessy Si Breeches in
sweat. The content is on ! Read the latest chapter there! 
###chapter1191
"Mr. Salvador... Could you please book a room next time? My back is killing me." 
Justin teased with a smirk, "Is your back going to feel better if I book a room?" 
Bella blushed with embarrassment and punched his chest playfully. 
"Bella, almost all the prestigious families in Savrow will be at the weekend party." 
Justin's expression turned earnest. "I would like to publicly announce our relationship there. Is that okay?" 
Bella's eyes widened slightly as she looked into his earnest gaze, momentarily speechless. 
Sensing she might be dissatisfied, he tightened his grip on her hand. "Actually, I want to propose to you. But I'm worried you might not be ready, and I don't want to rush things or make you feel pressured." "Why did you pick that day?" 
"Because I couldn't wait any longer." 
Justin's throat tightened, a myriad of emotions surging within him. "I can't wait to tell everyone that I belong to you and you only." 
Steven returned to the Lovett household, his body weary. He had learned from Bella that Amelia had been crying, which made him call her numerous times, yet she had not answered once. In the end, Amelia even turned her phone off. 
He could not understand why she suddenly refused to meet him after being inseparable from him the entire day. 
What on earth had happened? It was driving him crazy!
"My dear little brother, how was your date with Ms. Amelia? Was it enjoyable?" 
Hunter's teasing voice irritated Steven, prompting the latter to turn around and glare at the former. 
"It seems that you didn't have much fun, judging by that sour face." 
Hunter approached Steven, shaking his head while clicking his tongue. "What's wrong? Is your newfound wealth and success starting to crumble?" 
"So what? You're nothing more than a lapdog raised by the Salvadors anyway," Steven retorted icily, brushing off Hunter's mockery. 
"Even if I'm a lapdog, I earn my keep with my skills. At least I do it openly and honestly." 
Hunter displayed impressive audacity as he mocked, "Well, I'm much stronger than you, who rely on cozying up to women to climb the ladder. Being a personal secretary requires adaptability. Since you couldn't win over Ms. Bella, you settled for Ms. Amelia instead. You've gone to great lengths to marry into a wealthy family. That's admirable!" 
Unable to tolerate the mockery any longer, Steven's fist hardened like rock, ready to charge forward and break his brother's nose again. However, their mother arrived just in time. "Steve! Stop!" 
But, consumed by anger, Steven refused to listen. He was already closing in on Hunter. 
Hunter shuddered and hurriedly covered his nose. 
"Steve! Are you really going to hit your brother over that bitch? Do you want to break your mother's heart?" Chelsea scolded him angrily, her heartache flaring up again. 
"Mom, Amelia is the love of my life. Don't speak of her in such derogatory terms!" Steven shouted back with fiery determination.
Chelsea was stunned, feeling her heart twist with pain. 
Her youngest son had always been the most courteous and considerate boy.
###chapter1192
Upon hearing that, Astrid immediately grasped the situation. 
Mrs. Lee, renowned in the elite circles of Savrow, was famous for her fortune-telling and face-reading services, even attracting wealthy individuals from other regions seeking her advice. 
However, Mrs. Lee was involved in some questionable activities behind the scenes. She was also willing to offer her services to high-ranking officials and dignitaries for the right price. "Alright, I understand where you're getting at. Dad has always been superstitious, often consulting fortune-tellers every now and then. In that case, I'll arrange for Dad to meet Mrs. Lee in the next few days. He'll definitely be willing to see her." 
Astrid schemed, "When the time comes, I'll discreetly bribe Mrs. Lee and persuade her to speak favorably of you. I'll tell her to mention that your astrological compatibility with Amelia is better than Christopher's. It bodes well for the Iversons' fortune. On the other hand, if Amelia ends up with Christopher, it will bring disaster to our family. Dad is deeply superstitious, so once he hears this, he'll definitely stop considering Christopher and instead focus on arranging a marriage between you and the girl." 
"That would be great! Thank you so much, Astrid," Charles exclaimed excitedly, tightly holding his sister's hand in gratitude. 
"Charles, we share the same mother and grew up together. Mom passed away early, and Dad married that woman who later betrayed him, giving birth to a child who's now fighting for our inheritance. We must stand united against outsiders. If I'm not on your side, whose side would I be on?" Astrid's words came straight from her heart. 
Astrid was already married. Her husband was involved in politics. Over the past few years, she faced hardships due to conflicts with her in-laws, often using her own funds to support her husband's endeavors covertly while maintaining the facade of a high-society lady.
If Christopher's influence continued to grow, she would lose even the last shred of dignity in the Iverson family. 
When the family assets were divided, her eldest and second brothers would surely take care of her. As for Christopher, it would be a miracle if he did not cause her any trouble! That was why she was determined to support her second brother, no matter what. 
"However, times have changed, and parents can't control everything." 
Charles pulled out a cigar and twirled it between his fingers, his gaze revealing concern. "I've heard that Amelia and Bella's secretary, Steven, are getting quite close. Bella even supports their relationship. You know what Bella is like. She's not only highly favored by Chairman Thompson but also backed by Justin. She even dared to challenge the Hoffmans publicly. If she opposes my marriage to Amelia, things could get complicated." 
Astrid's eyes gleamed, and she suddenly flashed a sly smile. "Charles, we can resolve this matter quite simply. We just need to use the most direct and forceful approach." 
"What approach?" 
"Make something out of nothing!" 
This suggestion caught Charles off guard. 
Despite his previous escapades, getting involved with someone from the Thompson family was an entirely different ball game, and he was hesitant to dive into it. 
"Even if I seek help from Mrs. Lee, it's not a sure thing. Even if Dad agrees, Chairman Thompson might not. Since it's uncertain, why don't you just take her and force Chairman Thompson to let you marry his
daughter? In that case, even if Bella is influential in the family, she won't be able to stop it. Even if you can't win her heart, you should first win her over physically!" 
Charles felt as though he was enlightened, nodding in agreement. "You're right." 
With the plan set, the siblings raised their glasses and toasted, champagne flowing freely. 
Little did they know, a discreet bug was quietly blinking with a red light under the table. 
On the other end of the bug, at Pivotage, Christopher lounged comfortably on a luxurious vintage sofa, casually swirling the red wine in his glass with his slender, fair fingers. His androgynous, refined features exuded a mysterious air, making him look like an aristocratic vampire. 
He listened to the Iverson siblings' scheme, finding it increasingly amusing as the conversation progressed. 
"Look at Charles and Astrid. Aren't they quite the comedians? They're just a couple of jesters, nothing more." 
"Your tolerance is truly admirable. With all these schemes plotted against you, aren't you angry at all?" Taylor, his secretary, asked. His expression was a mix of indignation and astonishment.
###chapter1193
"Why should I be angry? What they're doing is exactly what I wanted them to do." 
Christopher raised his glass, gazing at the blood-red liquid within, his smile cold and chilling. "Not only am I not angry, but I'll also lend my brother a hand. Consider it my gift to him and Ms. Amelia." 
After some covert maneuvering by Astrid, Lance successfully met with the fortune teller, Mrs. Lee. 
Under Astrid's instructions, Mrs. Lee delivered a well-crafted message to Lance, which seemed plausible and convincing. It left Lance with no choice but to believe it. 
In truth, Lance also harbored hopes of arranging a marriage between Charles and the Thompsons. After all, Charles was his favorite son, and any advantages resulting from this alliance would undoubtedly be given to him first. 
Despite Christopher's efforts to please him and everything proceeding smoothly, their bond had a gap of fifteen years. Thus, Christopher could not replace Charles' position in his heart. 
However, Wyatt was a proud man. Even if Amelia wasn't his favorite, how could he possibly let his beautiful and talented daughter marry the crippled Charles? 
Thus, Lance could only set this matter aside for the time being. He prepared to seize a suitable opportunity and muster up his courage to plead with Wyatt once more. 
However, the hope for success seemed faint. 
Time flew by quickly. 
In no time, the eagerly anticipated weekend arrived.
The news of the Reed father-son duo from Journey Ventures making their first visit to Savrow and hosting a top-tier business banquet had spread among the major wealthy families and throughout the city's media. 
Tonight, the castle resort on the outskirts of Savrow was completely booked by the Reeds. The driveway of the resort was bustling with luxurious cars. However, everything was orderly and well- organized inside, unaffected by the influx of media. 
This demonstrated the high level of security and privacy of this event. 
The members of the four major families arrived one after another, all choosing to avoid the media and taking the VIP route set up for them. 
Even the usually high-profile Hoffmans refrained from making a public appearance this time. 
After all, it had not been long since the horse racing event, and they did not want to stir up any more drama. 
"Grandpa, will Uncle Gregory announce the news of my engagement to Justin at tonight's banquet?" 
Inside the luxury car, Zoe leaned against Logan like a pampered cat, her brows furrowed with unease. "Do you think Uncle Salvador will be able to persuade Justin? Justin is quite stubborn, and I'm worried..." "Persuade? Do you think Justin can refuse to do so? Unless he's willing to give up his status in the Salvador Corporation and step down as CEO! 
Logan exhaled heavily, his expression darkening. "I've already discussed it with Chairman Salvador, and he's satisfied with this match. With the dowry I've prepared for you and the conditions the Hoffmans can offer, he has no reason not to agree."
"But... Grandpa Nigel has always supported Bella. He treats her better than his own granddaughter. If Grandpa Nigel disagrees..." 
"How long do you think Nigel can hold sway? Now, Chairman Salvador calls the shots in the Salvador Corporation." 
Logan could not help but sneer, "Chairman Salvador's stance is crystal clear. He'll never let a woman like Bella, who manipulates his son and refuses to stay in her place, into the Salvador family. That crazy gir from the Thompson family is smart, but she ended up outsmarting herself! Zoe, rest assured. She won't be able to block your path into the Salvador family anymore." 
"If that's the case, then that's great! Thank you, Grandpa!" Zoe's face flushed with excitement, and she began to act coyly again. 
Initially, she had planned to deliver a fatal blow to Bella tonight, in front of both the Salvadors and Thompsons, as well as the Reeds, to humiliate the Thompsons. However, if Logan had already settled things with Gregory, then it would make things much easier for her.
###chapter1194
Zoe thought to herself, 'I'll let Bella off the hook for now. In the future, there will definitely be another chance to embarrass that bitch so that no man will ever want her again.’
At the banquet hall, beautiful music filled the air along with the lovely scent of flowers. Elegant guests, celebrities, and aristocrats were gathered.
Justin didn't come with any of the Salvador family members. Instead, he arrived with Ryan, as if trying to avoid gossip. "The Dynamic Duo" made quite an entrance, attracting numerous admirers.
Although Justin arrived without a date, those women didn't dare pursue him since they knew he was already taken. They were smart enough not to bring trouble upon themselves.
Who would even try to compete with the heiress of the Thompson family for a man? The problem was that they wouldn't stand a chance, even if they tried.
However, when those women looked at Ryan, it was a different situation altogether. Their gazes could easily be described as hungry or aggressive.
The relationship between Ryan and Carrie had only been publicly revealed once, on the day of the horse racing event. Thus, most people were still unaware of it. Therefore, Ryan remained the ultimate fantasy for the women of Savrow.
But in Ryan's eyes, there was no longer any allure from the female sex. These flirtatious women held no attraction for him compared to Justin by his side.
"You didn't bring Carrie along again? Have you fallen back into your old habits?" Justin gave a cold look with eyes as dark as ink. "You're sneaking around without Carrie again, trying to show off like a peacock and attract attention, huh?"
"Do | need to go to extreme lengths for you to change your attitude toward me?" Ryan's intense eyes blazed with anger. "Even prostitutes can turn over a new leaf, so why can't I?" Justin averted his gaze. "We'll have to wait and see."
"| attended an event last night, and those clueless women swarmed around me, seeking my company. | was ready to explode right there! If they weren't women, | would've punched them one by one!" Frustrated, Ryan took a deep breath and thought about his beloved girlfriend waiting at home. "Carrie doesn't enjoy these types of gatherings. She suffers from severe social anxiety and would be very uncomfortable. | didn't want to come either, but now that I'm stepping in for Liam and assisting Grandfather with the Hoffman Group's matters, | must be here tonight."
Justin smirked slightly. "That's good news coming from the delivery room." "Huh?"
"You've been promoted. Congratulations in advance, President Hoffman."
Ryan suddenly froze, and a wave of joy surged in his heart. ‘President Hoffman. What a pleasing title.’ Previously, both within the Hoffman family and to the general public, people only referred to him as "Young Master".
Ryan had always found it difficult to get close to the center of POWst; e had thou ft it weultfe'a prolonged Ea he hadn't expected this day to come so soon. The content is on ! Read the latest chapter there!
"Hey, | haven't been formally appointed yet. | am justan inksrim, presid “Byaresaith Suite a bit efabarrassed, but his eyes flickered with anticipation. The content is on ! Read the latest chapter there!
"You are the only eldest grandson. It's appropriate and inevitable for him to promote you," Justin said, patting his shoulder reassuringly.
"Ryan, I'm genuinely happy for you. Since you're stepping onto the right path, you should quickly divest yourself of une ieicl @yeee i@ydur business! At the very least, don't let there be any more public entanglements. It will affect your future image within the Hoffman family and in public. Also, | don't want to worry about you every day. Take care of yourself, okay?" The content is on ! Read the latest chapter there! 
###chapter1195
At that moment, Ryan felt like Justin had become more than just a friend. He was now like a big brother to him, and his words held deep meaning. Ryan's throat tightened, tears welling up in his eyes. "Geez, you're making me emotional." 
Deep down, even though he hadn't voiced it, he had already thought about it. He was going to make sure Carrie had a bright and wonderful future. "The Thompsons are here!" 
Someone yelled, causing Justin's entire body to tense up as if he were struck by lightning. His previously calm heart was racing. He took a deep breath and straightened his bow tie, his eyes fixed on the banquet hall doors. 
Ryan stood nearby, trying not to burst into laughter. For those who didn't know, it would seem as if Justin was standing at the altar, preparing to welcome his bride. 
Shortly after, Wyatt and Asher made a graceful entrance into the banquet hall, accompanied by two striking women, Bella and Amelia. 
One exuded the captivating allure of a red rose, while the other possessed an elegant charm akin to that of a white rose. Their presence overshadowed all the other women in the room. "Tonight's belle of the ball is definitely Ms. Bella Thompson," remarked one guest. 
Another added, "And beside her is Chairman Thompson's lesser-known youngest daughter. The one that he had with Madam Celeste?" 
"Yeah, that's the one! She looks great, too. Even when she's standing next to Ms. Bella, she holds herself quite well. Each of them has their own unique appeal." 
Someone else chimed in jokingly, "If someone were to marry this pair of sisters, they'd be living a dream life indeed!"
"Why would you even think about adding another trouble to the one you've already got by marrying someone? Keep dreaming, but don't be surprised if you end up exhausted in your dream!" The men were fantasizing about the Thompson sisters. 
Justin's expression turned grim, his fingers clenching tightly as a wave of bitterness swept over him. 
"Hey, calm down, man." Ryan nudged Justin's ribs with his elbow, offering a comforting smile. 
He continued, "They didn't mean any harm. You know how guys can be. They just talk nonsense sometimes. The more they joke around, the more impressed they are with your wife." "You're open- minded. If it were Carrie, could you put up with it?" Justin's expression turned serious. 
"Uh..." Ryan was surprised. 
Justin took a deep breath and approached his beloved with determination. Their eyes met, and at that moment, Bella also glanced in his direction. 
Their intense gazes connected, and her beautiful smile hinted playfully as she winked at him. 
Justin fought the urge to nervously swallow, feeling like the woman had ignited a fire in his heart. 
At that moment, two figures advanced and greeted the Thompson family before him. It was the Reed father and son. 
"Chairman Thompson, great to see you again." Wilson shook hands with Wyatt and turned to Bella with a meaningful look. "And your lovely daughter. She really left quite an impression on us when we last met."
###chapter1196
Wyatt narrowed his piercing eyes slightly while looking composed and refined as he firmly shook hands with Wilson. He didn't fall behind in any way.
"The commotion at the racetrack must have startled Mr. Reed. My daughter can be impulsive and inexperienced. If her actions were inappropriate, | hope you can overlook them and forgive her." Wyatt flashed a graceful smile, speaking fluent French with a deep, captivating voice that exuded an air of authority.
The onlookers were shocked by the scene. Were they seeing things correctly?
The scion of Meridan's old money aristocracy, the heir to a royal castle, and the helmsman of a top-tier financial conglomerate actually extended a friendly hand to Wyatt first!
Although the Thompson family was wealthy and influential, they only dominated in the local area of Hatchbay.
But the Salvador and Iverson families were the top financial conglomerates in Savrow, so why were they being overlooked by Wilson? Wyatt's dignity was truly unyielding!
This made Gregory uneasy as he watched from the sidelines along with Logan and Lance, each lost in their own thoughts. Others seemed okay, but Gregory's face couldn't hide his unease. His jawline tensed.
Everyone in the Savrow circle knew that Journey Ventures' first domestic business collaboration had fallen through with the Salvador family.
During this uncertain period of their relationship, Wilson showed indifference toward Gregory and instead seemed closer to Wyatt, despite having no collaboration with the latter. This was quite embarrassing for Gregory. It felt like a subtle humiliation.
“Hahaha... Chairman Thompson, you're too modest." Wilson continued to compliment Bella, "Your daughter is truly exceptional. Not only is she stunningly beautiful, but her equestrian skills rival those of professional jockeys. Her technique stands out among female riders in our country. She's really top-notch."
Wilson added, "After the racetrack event, Wilson Jr. couldn't stop praising Ms. Thompson and hoped to see her again. They both love horses and understand them, so they'll surely have plenty to talk about." Wilson beckoned to his son, Wilson Jr., who quickly adjusted his tie before heading over. He cast a sly glance at Justin, smirking in a way that unsettled others.
Justin felt fury welling up inside him as he clenched his fists, and the look in his eyes turned icy cold.
"Damn it! Is that blond guy trying to provoke you, Justin?!" Ryan noticed it too, clenching his fists. "This is Savrow, not Meridan. What's he acting all cocky for here?! Damn it!"
"He's into Bella. | could tell from the moment | saw him," Justin said with furrowed brows and a heavy expression clouding his features. Jealousy consumed him, leaving bitterness in both his heart and mouth. "Your wife stands out too much. Any man would be captivated by her beauty, or else I'd question whether he's gay." Ryan complimented Bella appreciatively.
Ryan was glad to know Carrie was an exceptional gem-the kind of beauty that only he could\oerigh. Déaling witha auaina’s auty like Bella, who was not only beautiful but also talented, was enough to break one's heart into pieces. The content is on ! Read the latest chapter there!
"Ms. Thompson, it's a pleasure to see you again." Wilson Jr. aad at her with bu ing eyes ext ding his hand tdwakd ella in a gentlemanly manner. The content is on ! Read the latest chapter there!
Justin's eyes were bloodshot, and his breath caught in his chest. It was just a polite gesture, but he knew this foreigner had ulterior motives.
As Justin prepared to step forward with his imposing figure, ready to confront the situation, Ryan stopped him just in time.
"Hey, don't act hastily. That blonde guy is just shaking hands with your wife. If you're Same OG EUEes you'll only com&olf as petty. Or
orse, it'll show that you don't trust Bella and are constantly worried about her being seduced by other men." The content is on ! Read the latest chapter there!
"That guy has a hidden agenda." 
###chapter1197
Justin's eyes flashed with anger, and his temples throbbed noticeably. "I don't want that man laying his dirty hands on my woman." 
"Have you thought about what will happen if you do that?" As an observer, Ryan calmly pointed out the potential consequences. 
"The Reeds are holding a banquet tonight to find new business partners. Everyone is eager for the opportunity, including Chairman Thompson. If you cause trouble, it could ruin any chance Chairman Thompson has of making deals. Bella warned that her father holds grudges, so don't mess things up. You don't want to risk your dream of marrying Bella being shattered!" 
While Justin hesitated, Bella smiled charmingly and said, "Mr. Wilson Jr., it's a pleasure to have you here in Savrow. To show respect, please allow me to reciprocate using the etiquette of your country." With that, her melodious voice trailed off, and the enchanting woman lowered her long eyelashes, gracefully lifting the hem of her red evening gown in a dignified and elegant princess-like gesture. The men around her, including Wilson Jr., couldn't help but be mesmerized. 
In an instant, it seemed like they had been transported back to a fancy medieval European ball. Everyone was captivated. 
However, only Bella knew she simply didn't want to touch this man's hand. 
She knew Wilson Jr. was a dashing playboy, even more rampant than Ryan had been before. 
Bella reckoned he could probably field a football team with his illegitimate children. 
Justin could see through her thoughts, and the corners of his lips curled into a gentle smile filled with sweet affection.
Wilson Jr. remained smug, believing that Bella was interested in him, his eyes revealing an air of self- assured foolishness. 
"The first purpose of this gathering is to announce upcoming business collaborations, and secondly, it is also my son's hope to provide both parties with an opportunity to understand each other better, as well as to get to know Ms. Thompson better." 
Wilson's intentions were too obvious! He had his eyes set on Bella and intended to make her Mrs. Reed in the future! 
Asher's expression suddenly turned serious as he looked at his father with a mix of emotions. 
Out of the blue, Wyatt's following words caught both the Reeds off guard. "Mr. Reed, are you interested in making my daughter your daughter-in-law?" Everyone was shocked! 
Bella was also taken aback. She had not anticipated Wyatt to be so blunt! He was a man of reputation, yet he lacked insight. 
Justin felt his heart tighten, and a cold sweat broke out on his palms. He had always trusted Bella without hesitation, but Wyatt was another story. 
Wyatt could marry Amelia off to someone as evil as Christopher for the sake of the conglomerate's interests, so why wouldn't he consider the offer extended by the Wilson family? 
On top of that, Wyatt had never held Justin in high esteem. 
As Wilson struggled to find a response, Wilson Jr. couldn't contain his eagerness and spoke up, unabashedly expressing his admiration for Bella. "Yes, Chairman Thompson, I am very fond of your daughter. I would even say it was love at first sight."
The crowd gasped in shock, and the socialites were seething with jealousy. What luck did Bella have to attract so many suitors, each nobler than the last? 
She was clearly a divorced woman, so how did she become the coveted prize in the eyes of these wealthy young men?! 
"I cannot forget Ms. Thompson's heroic performance at the racetrack. She's the most dazzling girl I have ever seen. When I laid eyes on her, my heart and my eyes could no longer accommodate any other woman. That's why I wish to court your daughter, Chairman Thompson, and I hope Ms. Thompson will give me the chance to pursue her." 
Wilson Jr.'s words sounded humble, but the arrogance in his demeanor was unmistakable.
###chapter1198
Wilson Jr. made it sound as if the women courted by him should feel grateful. 
"Bella..." Amelia said, anxiously holding onto Bella's hand. 
Surprisingly, Bella stayed composed, her tone cool and distant. "Mr. Wilson Jr., I'm a divorced woman. It's a fact that everyone in Savrow is aware of. You know that, right?" 
The Reeds visibly panicked, exchanging uneasy glances. 
People around them began to cast sidelong glances at Justin. 
With a tight-lipped expression, Justin fixed his gaze on Bella, prepared to step up and address any speculation, fiercely committed to defending her. 
"That girl from the Thompson family is way too arrogant and irresponsible!" 
Logan stood beside Gregory, shaking his head disdainfully. "Is divorce something to be proud of? It's not something to boast about, especially at such an important event. Not only is she shameless, but she's also trying to bring Justin down with her. Chairman Salvador, this girl clearly has no respect for your family and looks down on the Salvador family." 
Gregory's face darkened gradually, his expression growing increasingly grim. 
Zoe playfully joked. "For some women, divorce may be shameful, but for Ms. Thompson, it seems like she's wearing it as a badge of honor." 
She walked alongside her grandfather and said sarcastically, "Mr. Wilson Jr. is actively pursuing her. By speaking out about this publicly, she not only subtly offends the Salvador family but also showcases her charm to everyone else at the same time. It's a win-win situation for her. Can you blame her?"
Gregory's expression turned incredibly cold and dark as ice. 
"There are plenty of fish in the sea. Mr. Wilson Jr., with your status, you won't have trouble finding a suitable match. Obviously, I'm not what you're looking for." Bella refused him with a gentle smile. Even though it was polite, she still turned him down. 
Wilson Jr. felt intense frustration surging up in his chest. 
Initially, when Bella mentioned her divorce, he felt uncomfortable due to his lack of experience. But what hurt even more was the feeling of being rejected! 
So, taking a step closer, Wilson Jr. looked at Bella with tender affection, as if she were the only one he could ever marry. 
"Ms. Thompson, whether you've been married before is of no concern to me. I'm drawn to your personality. Your experiences and openness only add to your charm, deeply captivating me. Your ex- husband may not have cherished you, but in my eyes, you're a dazzling star in the night sky, a radiant pearl in the vast sea. I will cherish and protect you. Please, give me a chance to court you." 
"I swear, I can't stand these men and their sweet talk! They may seem passionate, but deep down, they're shameless!" Ryan bent over and pretended to vomit. 
"It's all my fault." Justin's heart churned with bitter emotions, his trembling fingers clenching. "If only I had been a better husband to Bella. If only I hadn't been so foolish, so blind... None of this would have happened. It's all my fault." 
The onlookers were dumbfounded. Even Wilson was astonished. His son, usually so proud, was now humbly courting a woman for the first time in his life. 
Bella seemed to be either a rare gem or a harbinger of trouble.
Bella did not expect Wilson Jr. to continue. Her beautiful lips turned cold as frost, and she was ready to give him the cold shoulder. 
Suddenly, she felt a weight on her shoulder. 
Wyatt stepped forward, placing a hand on her shoulder, and smiled at the Reeds. "Gentlemen, my apologies. My daughter is already spoken for. She has a fiancé."
###chapter1199
Fiancé...?! 
Bella's heart skipped a beat, and her eyes widened, staring directly at Wyatt. 
Justin's eyes brimmed with infinite tension and concern, his body tense like a drawn bow, as if he might dash forward any second to grab Bella's hand and leave, disregarding everything else. 
Gregory and members of the Hoffman family also looked extremely pale, especially Zoe. Her heart was beating so fast that it felt like it was going to burst out of her chest. 
Zoe stared anxiously and maliciously at Bella, her mouth dripping with contempt as she said, "Oh my, Ms. Thompson actually has a fiancé?! I wonder which young master is so lucky to marry into the Thompson family." 
Gregory gritted his teeth fiercely. "Regardless of who she is betrothed to, it will never be someone from my family!" 
Zoe smirked upon hearing this. 
Wilson Jr.'s expression visibly darkened. He felt that Wyatt was just trying to save her from this situation and looking for excuses to placate her. 
On the racecourse, he could see that Bella and Justin were close, but back in Meridan's upper-class society, he had seen too many of these romantic affairs. They were merely having an affair. 
If Justin was really her fiancé, Wyatt would have long made it public after that incident at the racecourse. Why wait until now to bring it up? 
Wilson, on the other hand, remained composed, smiling as he asked, "Ms. Thompson, you already have a fiancé? That's truly delightful news. I wonder who the lucky man is." Curiosity surged among the
onlookers. 
Wyatt smiled lightly, his gaze suddenly drifting toward Justin. 
Following his line of sight, Wilson Jr. also looked over, knowing whom he was looking at. His gums were sore from clenching his teeth. 
"OMG! Justin! Am I seeing things? Or is Chairman Thompson looking at you?!" Ryan pinched his throat, shaking Justin's arm wildly like an over-caffeinated groundhog. 
Justin felt his breathing quicken. Fine beads of sweat formed on his forehead, and his voice was low as he said, "Don't read too much into it. Chairman Thompson may just be using this as an excuse to reject Wilson Jr.'s advances." 
"Then why is Chairman Thompson looking over here? Why not just lie?" Ryan remained excited and optimistic. "There are only two of us here. Chairman Thompson must be looking at you. He surely wouldn't be looking at me!" 
Justin's heart fluttered violently as he tried to control his breathing. Bella was the focus of his piercing gaze. 
"The Thompson family has always been discreet, including my daughter. We are not the type to expose our private lives to the public for attention. Tonight is a business banquet meticulously prepared by you, Mr. Reed. It wouldn't be appropriate for us to steal the spotlight with personal matters. Both Bella and I believe that now is not the right time to announce the engagement. When the time is right, we will naturally make it public." 
Wyatt looked away from Justin and said, "When the time comes, Mr. Reed, I will personally send you an invitation to come to Hatchbay for the ceremony."
"Haha! Coincidentally, I've never been to Hatchbay myself. I've heard it's a great place with deep blue waters and fine white sands. You must make sure to let me know when the time comes!" Wilson was diplomatic. 
Bella's heart was in turmoil. Seeing that Wyatt smoothly diverted the topic, she breathed a sigh of relief. 
Lately, Wyatt seemed to be on some sort of medication rollercoaster, sometimes behaving bizarrely and other times surprisingly sensible, like he had a split personality. 
Everyone couldn't get enough of the drama and started gossiping. 
"Who exactly is Bella's fiancé? I remember that Christopher Iverson had a close relationship with Chairman Thompson before. Both Chairman Thompson and Chairman Iverson are also like brothers. I bet the fiancé is Mr. Christopher, right?" 
"If it's him, will he show up tonight? I doubt there's a strong connection between Ms. Thompson and Mr. Iverson. I bet it's definitely Mr. Salvador!" 
"I think so too. Wasn't it obvious enough at the racecourse? When Ms. Thompson was injured, who was the man by her side? If the fiancé was Mr. Iverson, how could he not show up? That would be too inhumane!" 
Amelia looked at Bella's blushing face with envy, tiny drops of tears swirling in her eyes. 
Her father's intentions were clear-her sister's fiancé could only be Justin Salvador. 
How wonderful it was to have the approval of their parents and to be able to stay with the one she loved. 
Amelia did not harbor any hatred toward her sister or toward her father or mother.
Hunter Lovett aided Bella's and Justin's enemies to get away with their crimes. It was true that the Lovett family was not of any help to the Thompsons.
###chapter1200
As Amelia thought about it, she felt the weight of her emotions, and tears filled her eyes. She could only endure the pain in silence. She felt like the least capable member of her family and was willing to make any sacrifice. If her marriage could benefit her family, she would do it. 
... 
After the interlude, the banquet carried on. 
The attempt by the Reeds to form a marriage alliance with the Thompson family fell through, which undoubtedly gave the Salvadors and Hoffmans some confidence. Even James Iverson seemed to be eager to make a move. 
Wilson Jr. looked depressed after being rejected by Bella. Wilson noticed his son's embarrassed expression and tried to maintain a neutral face, but could he really hide what he was thinking? 
It seemed like the opportunity to work with the Thompson family on the racecourse hotel project was likely off the table. 
As the music changed, everyone paired up and started dancing gracefully, livening up the atmosphere at the banquet hall. 
Bella knew Amelia was shy. She had never been to such a fancy dance before and probably felt nervous in social situations. Instead, they both sat in one corner of the room, chatting and sipping juice. 
The young men around couldn't take their eyes off Amelia, each hoping for a chance to ask her to dance. But no one dared approach because Bella had such a strong and oppressive presence. They could only admire Amelia from a distance. 
Amelia kept her inner struggle to herself around her sister, barely speaking.
Bella held her sister's cold hand tightly and took a deep breath. "Amelia, you can't just give in to an arranged marriage. Trust me, I'll make sure you marry the person you love." 
"I'm fine, Bella," Amelia said with trembling fingers and a forced smile. "I'll go along with the marriage set up by Mom and Dad. You focus on being with Mr. Salvador and stop worrying about me." 
Bella immediately exclaimed, "Silly girl! What nonsense are you talking about?! How could I ever sacrifice your happiness for my own? What kind of person would I be then?!" 
Bella's voice was hoarse. "If things don't work out between you and Steve, I'd rather not get married for the rest of my life!" 
"Bella, please don't be stubborn. I am doing this willingly, and it's not related to you," Amelia reassured, about to continue persuading when they heard a voice. 
"Ms. Bella, may I have the pleasure of sharing a dance with you?" 
Both sisters looked up simultaneously. 
They saw the well-dressed Wilson Jr. standing before Bella, politely offering his hand and eagerly awaiting her response. Bella maintained a neutral expression, but before she could reply, Wilson Jr. said, "If you won't let me court you, would you at least give me the chance to dance with you? Dancing is merely a social activity. Please don't read too much into it. I really admire and respect you. There is no hidden agenda here. Ms. Bella, you wouldn't say no to me, right?" 
All eyes turned toward them. 
Amelia frowned. She could clearly tell that her sister truly disliked this blond man. But with him clinging to Bella like that, refusing would make Bella seem arrogant and stuck-up.
After a moment of awkward silence, Bella couldn't think of an excuse to refuse, so she hesitantly raised her hand. 
All of a sudden, a mysterious figure rushed in, bringing in a light breeze. 
Before Wilson Jr. could do anything, the soft and slender hand in front of him was abruptly snatched away. 
Bella's gorgeous eyes widened a bit as everything around them quickly became blurry. After a few elegant twirls, her graceful form was whisked into the center of the dance floor, under everyone's watchful eyes.
###chapter1201
All around, there were countless sighs. 
Bella lifted her long lashes and gazed into Justin's deep, starry eyes. A slight tremble ran through her body as he held her close, and her skin warmed up slowly. 
Justin's fiery breath brushed against her nose as he gazed down at her. 
He stubbornly intertwined his fingers with hers, elegantly raising his right arm while wrapping his left arm around her waist. 
His sweaty palm rested against the curve of her back, separated by a thin layer of silk. His hand moved up and down her back, tracing the alluring curves that excited him. Her body tensed as he elegantly spun her around. 
Bella knew how to dance, but at this moment, her entire body felt limp, and her breath quickened as she clumsily followed his steps. Her awkward actions only served to bring a smile to Justin's lips. "What... What are you doing?" she stammered. 
"If I don't come, are you going to dance with the wolves?" Justin whispered into her ear, his breath heavy. 
Blushing with embarrassment, Bella bit her lip, her cheeks flushing slightly. "Am I not dancing with one right now?" 
"Yes, indeed, I am a wolf. One that will eat you." Justin tilted his jaw slightly, his tall figure spinning her around, dominant and effortlessly controlled. "Focus, Bella. You should only look at me." This perfect pair made a striking appearance in the banquet hall, outshining everyone else. 
Except for Zoe, all the women at the venue believed that only Bella was suitable for Justin, and vice versa.
Zoe felt intense anger, as if her hair were ready to ignite in flames. Her eyes were blazing with resentment, yet she could only stare helplessly without being able to do anything about it. 
On the other hand, Wilson Jr. stopped in his tracks, and his fury reached its peak. 
Just then, a steward brought over a message from Wilson and respectfully whispered to him, "Young Master, if you'd like to pick a dance partner, you can choose Ms. Hoffman. She's a suitable match in terms of status, even though she might not have the elegance of Ms. Thompson. She won't embarrass you." 
"Choose her? That one in the flashy outfit? No thanks. I'd rather not dance at all!" Wilson Jr. was irritated and had no interest in Zoe, so he stormed off angrily. 
Bella was suddenly taken away by Justin, leaving Amelia standing alone, feeling somewhat at a loss. 
Seeing that Ms. Amelia was left alone, the men's gazes on Amelia became predatory, ready to approach and snatch her away. 
At that moment, a figure limped toward Amelia. 
"Hey, look! Isn't that Charles, the second young master of the Iverson family?!" 
"Indeed! It's been quite a while since he last appeared in public. I thought he..." 
"I heard he got into a really bad car accident and nearly died. The Iverson family sought the renowned Dr. Brown to help with his injuries, but sadly, he ended up being crippled." 
"Sigh, Charles Iverson always thought so highly of himself and looked down on others. Being crippled like this must've really hit his pride hard, right? Can't be so cocky now, can he?"
One week ago, Charles started hitting the gym more and also made sure to dress sharp and style his hair perfectly, all just to leave a good impression on Amelia. 
He also wanted to prove to the world that even though he lost a leg, he was still the noble Iverson family's second young master. 
Amelia's heart raced when she saw him, even taking a step back. 
"Ms. Amelia, I..." Charles stood before her, only then realizing he couldn't dance anymore without his leg. He could only force a bitter smile and change his approach. "You seem bored here alone. Mind if I hang out with you and have a chat?" 
Amelia's entire body tensed up. While she was hesitating, her phone vibrated. She looked down at the screen, and Steven's name caused a sudden pang of sadness in her heart.
###chapter1202
Ever since the day Amelia asked to have some space, Steven has not stopped looking for her. He made countless frantic calls and spent nights standing guard outside Yara Park, only to leave feeling disheartened time after time. 
The look of being trapped by love and enduring heartache was no different than when Justin pursued Bella. 
Amelia dared not step out. She locked herself in her room every day. She forgot to eat or drink, becoming increasingly skinny. Her pillows were drenched with tears day after day. 
Whenever she missed Steven, she would stand by the window at the end of the corridor, open the curtains, and steal a glance outside. Whenever she yearned for him, he was there. 
Steven stood tall in the wind, as strong and unwavering as a pine tree, his eyes fixed on her room. Just thinking about him caused her pain, which seeped into every part of her body and tugged at her heart day after day. 
She believed she had deeply hurt Steven and felt guilty about it. But was there any way for her to make things right? 
In the end, she realized she was being selfish. She struggled with choosing between Steven and her family, but in the end, she chose her family. 
Charles became curious when he saw Amelia staring at her phone with a blank expression, so he leaned in to take a look. His expression suddenly turned gloomy, but he still managed a dry smile as he stepped back and said, "Ms. Amelia, if it's urgent for you to attend to something, I won't bother you. Carry on with your tasks."
"No, it's fine." Amelia hesitated before hanging up the phone. Worried that Steven might contact her again, she simply turned off her phone. 
Amelia thought, 'I have to be tough. Even if Steven feels sad for a little while, it's better than leading him on and then disappointing him later. It's best to end things now rather than dragging it out and hurting him even more in the long run.' 
Charles's eyes gleamed with excitement, his voice trembling as he said, "Then... Can I sit here?" 
Amelia gave a slight nod and moved to the side, keeping her distance. 
Charles took a few cautious steps forward, but then suddenly tripped and lurched forward. 
"Hey! Be careful!" Amelia instinctively reached out to support him. 
She was a kind-hearted person and didn't give it much thought. She would often help elderly people cross the road, so when she saw a person with disabilities about to fall, her natural response kicked in. Without missing a beat, Charles firmly held onto Amelia's arm, feeling the warmth of her soft skin under his touch. It touched his heart and stirred something inside him. 
He took a deep breath and looked at her with deep gratitude. "Thank you... Thank you so much, Ms. Amelia." 
Not far away, Wyatt was chatting amiably with Lance. 
"Hey, Wyatt! Look over there!" Lance excitedly patted Wyatt's shoulder. 
Wyatt casually lifted her eyelids, seeing Amelia and Charles sitting together. They seemed to be engrossed in a conversation, and their eyebrows were slightly furrowed in confusion.
"It seems like your daughter and Charles are getting along better." Seizing the opportunity, Lance jumped in and said, "Christopher has always been really into Bella, and everyone knows it. If we let Amelia marry him, they'd both be miserable, and it wouldn't be fair to Amelia." 
He continued, "Charles has told me a few times in private that he really likes Amelia. You know, Charles has never openly admitted his feelings for any girl to me before, but his affection for Amelia seems real. Arranged marriages usually don't turn out well, Wyatt, I was thinking... maybe..." 
"I think it's not right." Wyatt cut in coldly before Lance could finish. "You've seen Charles's situation. It's a marriage without real love. Do you want my daughter to marry out of duty and become your son's emotional support for life?" 
Lance was speechless.
###chapter1203
Lance thought, 'Damn! This old man is really blunt today.' 
Wyatt continued, "And also, neither of your sons is Amelia's type. So why not pick one who's a better match for her?" 
Lance wanted to keep discussing it, but when he saw that Wyatt didn't want to continue the conversation, he could only sigh in frustration. 
Charles always enjoyed socializing with women. When his leg wasn't injured, he fancied himself as a casanova. He always had a knack for charming girls with his slick talk. Since Amelia didn't immediately turn him down, he tried hard to entertain her with his witty remarks. 
But Amelia was different from any other girls he had met. She always appeared uninterested in what he said, showing no interest at all. He couldn't seem to get through to her, no matter how hard he tried. His throat felt dry, and frustration simmered inside him. 
Charles thought, 'She's just the daughter of a mistress. If it wasn't for my injury, why would I choose her? What's so special about her anyway?!' 
Astrid could see that things were not going well and felt worried for her brother. Some sneaky tactics were needed to make this work. 
At that moment, Charles's secretary rushed over, but Astrid intervened. "Hey, where do you think you're headed? Can't you see Charles is occupied?" 
"Ms. Iverson, there's a little problem." The secretary's words were vague. 
"Just spit it out. Why beat around the bush?" 
"It's... Ms. Thompson's previous secretary. He's waiting outside right now."
Astrid's eyes flashed with a sinister look. "Steven?" 
"That's right! That Steven guy! Isn't he the one who's into Ms. Amelia too? I have a feeling he's here to cause trouble for Young Master Charles. So I wanted to give him a heads-up and figure out how to deal with it. Right now, he can't just walk in without an invitation, but if Ms. Thompson gets involved, she'll probably help him out. Then Young Master Charles will be in a really tough spot, right?" The secretary was a loyal lackey, always thinking about what's best for his boss. 
"Hmm, you've done well. I'll handle this matter. You can leave Charles alone for now," Astrid said in a relaxed manner. 
"Yes, Ms. Iverson." 
After the secretary left, Astrid's eyes gleamed with mischief as she pulled out her phone and sent a message to Charles. 
[Astrid: Hey Charles, your competition is here trying to mess things up. I'll handle it for you. How are you going to show your gratitude?] 
[Charles: Little sis, haven't you always had your eye on that ruby-studded necklace? I'll get it for you.] 
[Astrid: Oh! Thanks so much, Charles- XOXO!] 
[Charles: But since he's come knocking, it wouldn't be right for our Iverson family's hospitality to let him leave empty-handed.] 
Astrid replied with an "okay" gesture and a sly smile playing on her lips. 
The villa was brightly lit inside, while the outside was cold and deserted. Steven's phone battery died, and his shaking fingers nearly shattered the screen.
The brilliant lights felt like sharp blades, cutting into his heart over and over again. 
Without an invitation, he could only wait outside. He could have called Bella to get in, but he hesitated because this was a personal matter and he didn't want to involve her. 
Steven glanced downward, his throat bobbing as he battled with feelings of inadequacy and remorse. 
Was he simply reaching too high? 
The person he loved was inside. He missed her so much that he thought he might go crazy. Yet the harsh reality of his status left him stuck outside the fortress walls, unable to even see her. "Hey there, who are you? You look quite familiar."
###chapter1204
A sharp, sarcastic voice rang out, causing Steven to abruptly raise his head. 
Astrid emerged from the villa, along with her secretary and bodyguards. She stood a few steps higher with her arm crossed and looked down on Steven. 
Astrid sneered. "Who do we have here? Oh, if it isn't Ms. Thompson's secretary and my sister-in-law's ex-boyfriend." 
Steven's gaze turned cold. "What are you talking about?" 
"So, you still don't know anything. How pitiful!" Astrid clicked her tongue and shook her head. She then handed her phone to the secretary. "Take it, let this poor little secretary have a good look, and wake up." The secretary took the phone and walked over to Steven, placing the screen in front of him. It was a picture of the moment when Amelia helped Charles. 
Due to the camera's angle, their behavior looked incredibly ambiguous, with their bodies pressed closely together. 
Steven felt like everything went dark, as if he had been struck by lightning. The thought of it was tearing him up inside. 
"It's impossible... How could this be?" Steven murmured in disbelief. 
"Why is it impossible?" Seeing Steven's devastated expression, Astrid couldn't contain her laughter. "Our families have already agreed to the marriage alliance. My father and Uncle Wyatt have already decided on it. Ms. Amelia is going to be the Second Young Madam of our Iverson family. Look, they get along so well. Love requires the blessings of both families. Otherwise, it's just mutual torment and a waste of everyone's time." 
"You liar!" Steven trembled all over, his eyes bloodshot with uncontrollable panic.
"Don't believe me? Go ask Amelia yourself," Astrid said, squinting her cunning eyes. "Ah, I suppose Amelia no longer wishes to contact you. Otherwise, why would you be standing here alone, unable even to see her?" 
Those words pierced through Steven's heaving chest like a bullet. 
"I don't believe it... I won't believe your nonsense! Amelia would never be with Charles!" Steven roared as he stormed towards the gate. At this moment, his mind was blank, and all he wanted was to confront Amelia in person! 
No, he wouldn't ask anything. 
He didn't believe that Amelia, who loved him deeply, would agree to such a marriage. He wanted to take her away. 
"Stop him!" Astrid commanded, and the Iverson family's bodyguards rushed toward Steven. 
Steven charged ahead with reddened eyes, throwing punches wildly. He was a black belt in Taekwondo, so he had no trouble dealing with these bodyguards. But he had only recently recovered from severe injuries sustained in the fight between Bella and Winston, and his fighting prowess wasn't what it used to be. 
Under the onslaught of the group, Steven gradually lost his ground. 
While he was distracted, one of the bodyguards took out a baton and struck Steven's old shoulder injury directly. The pain caused Steven to groan loudly, and his sweat soaked his suit. Then, another kick landed on his abdomen, forcing him to step back half a step, but he gritted his teeth and stood firm.
Astrid's eyes darkened with malice as she sneered. "Who do you think you are? What does your family amount to? You were just the Thompson family's watchdog before. Do you think you can snatch a woman from my second brother? Why would anyone marry into your lowly Lovett family? Stop fantasizing about things beyond your reach and let go of this idea. Just go back and continue being Bella's obedient dog." 
Steven seethed with hatred, his eyes blazing with fury and his fists clenched tightly, ready to strike again. But his shoulder hurt like hell, and he couldn't lift his arm. 
The bodyguards stood in front of him like an impenetrable wall. 
Astrid hummed a tune as she turned and walked away, gesturing with her finger, and the secretary hurried over. 
"That kid is injured and not your match. Take care of him properly."
###chapter1205
At the end of the quiet corridor, the soft moonlight illuminated a pair of graceful figures. “Ah, It hurts... It hurts so much..." "Sorry, Bella... I'll be more gentle."
Bella leaned against the wall, her fair and delicate skin glistening with a layer of dewy radiance. Her long lashes fluttered like butterfly wings. The sight of her gently biting her red lips added to her alluring charm.
In front of her, Justin kneeled on one knee and removed her burgundy high heels. His large hand firmly held her slender ankle, while his other hand grasped her toes, massaging them with great care. "You're so annoying. Why did you dance so fast? | only sprained my foot because | tried to keep up with your steps. You don't feel my pain at all." Bella pouted, complaining in a coquettish tone. "It's my fault, Bella. You can hit me as much as you want when we get home to vent all your frustrations. Or... You can hit me now," Justin said, feeling guilty and somewhat at a loss, poking his finger against his chest. "Hit me here, hard."
Bella clenched her delicate fist, raising it high, and then lowered it gently. "| won't hit you. Your chest muscles are like iron blocks. Hitting you would hurt me instead."
Justin looked at her with a faint smile, knowing she couldn't bear to hurt him.
He was skilled with his hands, and although Bella had felt some pain at first, now her ankle felt less sore. Justin gazed down at her small feet, taking a small gulp as he did so.
How was his woman so beautiful? Even the skin on her feet was smooth and delicate, each toe so adorable, making him unable to let go.
“Bella, your feet are beautiful."
"You're such a pervert! Who stares at a girl's feet?" Bella blushed, her toes curling in his palm. "Justin, just admit it, you're a stinking scoundrel!" "Okay, | admit it. Does it still hurt?"
"My personal masseur is quite skilled. | guess you made up for your previous mistakes." Bella narrowed her beautiful eyes.
Justin helped her put on her high heels, then stood up straight. In an instant, his left arm pressed against her head, and his right hand hooked around her waist, eagerly sealing her lips in a deep kiss. He had been wanting to kiss her for so long. His whole body was burning with desire, roaring within him.
Bella's eyelashes fluttered shyly, but she wrapped her arms around his neck, responding to his affection and passion without reservation.
Their tongues intertwined, their lips melding together. Every time they kissed, they wished they could devour each other, yet it never felt like enough.
Bella gasped for breath as she parted from Justin, but he once again held her jaw. His moist lips chased after hers, clearly not ready to stop.
"Mm... How about we don't make it official tonight?" Justin suddenly paused, obviously feeling a bit nervous. "Bella, what's wrong?"
"Don't overthink it. | just feel like we don't need to be so high-profile about our relationship during tonight's event," Bella said, pressing her lips together. Then she carefully adjusted his bow tie.
"Just now, when Wilson Jr. made a move on me, Wyatt intervened, announcing the news of my engagement. That was already quite embarrassing for the Reeds, and it stole the limelight. | know he was secretly looking at you at that moment. Everyone knows that no one but you can be my fiancé."
Justin's heart raced even more intensely at her words.
"So you don't need to rush things. Besides, everyone knows you belong to me. As long as | understand ; as long as Ou hearts dre AGaveses| thatls bh Bella said, tiptoeing to lightly peck his lips. "I don't care about what you Say. | only care about what you do. Let's just focus on ourselves. | don't care about those superficial matters." The content is on ! Read the latest chapter there!
Justin's voice was thick with emotion. "Bella, what are you scheming?" “Nothing.”
“Are you afraid that if | make it public, it will anger Wilson and his son and affect the cooperation between your father and Journey Ventures?”
Justin used to find her unpredictable, but now he understood her quite well. Bella had her eyes on the money, and her mind was filled with business ideas.
Bella's almond eyes flashed with a dark light. "If there are profits to be made, who wouldn't want to make some money? The hotel at the racetrack is our first demestio mm attempt ahd it's a hugely profitable project. If KS Group secures this major project, it will lay a solid foundation for our expansion into Savrow. By then, KS Group will be able to swallow up Iverson Group's market share in Savrow, putting pressure on them to weaken gradually and lose their ability to counterattack." The content is on ! Read the latest chapter there!
She clenched her teeth while calculating. "In the future, it won't just be the Iverson Grqug ehppridy the limelighNwith your Salvador family in Savrow. I'm confident that given time, | will crush the entire Iverson Group right under my feet." The content is on ! Read the latest chapter there! 
###chapter1206
Justin understood Bella's intentions and hugged her tenderly. "I know you're doing this for Amelia. Everything you do is to prevent her from marrying into the Iverson family." 
His understanding made her feel bittersweet, and she murmured in his arms, "I just hate myself for not being strong enough. This is the only way I can think of. Do you think I'm ridiculous?" 
Justin felt a tingle in his nose as he gently stroked her back. "No, I think you're very smart. At the moment, this is the best way. And I don't think Wilson will hold a grudge against Chairman Thompson for this. A true businessman weighs the pros and cons. He should still choose KS Group. Even if you can't cooperate with Journey Ventures, don't worry. With me in charge, Iverson Group won't have an easy time." 
Bella was moved, her eyes brimming with tears. Although she had a father who was a top businessman and brothers who were capable, she was stubbornly independent. She had always dealt with difficulties on her own and did not rely on anyone. She did not want to worry her loved ones. 
Justin was the first person she wanted to rely on, and she wanted to lean on him for the rest of her life. 
Suddenly, the tranquil atmosphere was shattered by a loud noise. 
"Who is it?" Both of them frowned deeply, turning to look in the direction of the sound. 
At that moment, a figure flashed past. 
"Justin, we must catch the person hiding in the dark. He might be eavesdropping!" Bella's eyes narrowed coldly. "Our conversation just now involved business secrets. If it reaches the ears of the Iverson family it will be troublesome!" 
Justin nodded sternly, his handsome face cold and resolute as he dashed in the direction the shadow had disappeared.
Justin was skilled and had excellent eyesight, quickly catching up to the person. "Stop! Don't make me attack you." The person stood with his back to him, slightly bent over. The man was panting heavily and was in a bad state. Justin furrowed his brows, feeling a sense of familiarity with the man. "Who are you?" 
"Mr. Salvador." 
The man turned around slowly. 
In the moonlight, Justin saw the man's heavily scarred face, and his pupils widened in astonishment. "Steven?!" 
At that moment, Bella rushed over as well. 
She noticed that Steven was covered in dust. His suit was tattered and torn, his clear face marred with bruises, and his left eye was swollen and bloodshot. 
"Steve!" Bella ran to Steven in panic, her trembling hands gripping his shoulders and her voice hoarse with anxiety. "What happened... What happened?! Who did this to you?!" 
Steven gritted his teeth, turning his face away in embarrassment. He didn't want her to see his miserable state, but there was no avoiding it. 
"Talk to me, Steve... Damn it, talk to me!" Bella's eyes turned red with urgency as she shook his battered body forcefully. 
"Bella! Please calm down!" Justin quickly wrapped his arms around her waist from behind, holding her tightly. "Steven is injured. Shaking him like this will only hurt him more!"
Bella's chest ached, feeling both pained and suffocated. She was gasping for breath, yet she couldn't calm down. 
"Steven, now that things have come to this, do you still want to hide it?" Justin held the trembling woman tightly, his voice solemn. "Do you think hiding it is good for Bella? This way, she'll only feel more miserable and tormented!" 
"Ms. Bella... Can you please not let Amelia marry Charles?" Steven couldn't hold back anymore, tears streaming down his cheeks unconsciously. "As long as Amelia doesn't marry Charles, I'll do anything!" Bella instantly understood, her eyes turning bloodshot. "Were you attacked by someone from the Iverson family?" 
Justin also came to the same conclusion, and his fist clenched involuntarily.
###chapter1207
Not many people knew about the relationship between Amelia and Steven, and the Iverson family is one of them. The lversons must have some courage to dare lay a hand on Steven! "Steven, how did you manage to get in?" Justin asked worriedly.
"| was swarmed by the lversons' bodyguards, but | found a way to break through and snagged an access card from one of the bodyguards and forced my way in," Steven replied, his face pale with sweat dripping down his forehead.
“Hmph! The Iverson family really went to great lengths to stop you!" Justin's eyes flashed with anger, but he kept his emotions steady in front of Bella. His tone was cold. "Your injuries are serious, especially with your old wounds. We can't waste any time. I'll have lan take you to the hospital right now."
"No! I can't leave! | must see Amelia! | have to get her out of here!" Steven's voice was hoarse, almost desperate.
"Steven, please think this through." Justin raised his eyebrows and said, "Originally, with Bella's help, you might still have a chance to be with Ms. Amelia. But if you cause such a scene tonight, you might anger Chairman Thompson and ruin any chance of being together."
"Chance? Chairman Thompson has already agreed to the Iverson family's proposal. It's a done deal! Amelia is soft-hearted and timid. She will compromise for her parents and for the family. If | don't fight for it, then what chance do we have?"
Justin looked into Steven's desperate eyes and felt his pain as if it were his own. As the president of Salvador Corporation, Justin had power and influence. Even with his grandfather's support, he had risked everything to be with Bella today.
Steven was just Bella's subordinate, and his family background was nothing in front of the Thompson family. Even if he and Amelia were truly in love, the difficulties they faced were no less than his own. "Steve, who sent people to attack you?" Bella, burning with anger, was single-mindedly bent on avenging him.
Steven shook his head. "I originally wanted to force my way through, but | was stopped by Astrid and her bodyguards. The person with her was Charles' secretary. | don't know whether it was Charles or Astrid who really ordered the attack."
Infuriated, Bella burst into laughter. Her beautiful eyes glinted with cold light. "They both share the last name, and their veins are filled with the same filthy blood! Since we can't tell them apart, let's just take them all down!"
Meanwhile, Amelia remained oblivious to Steven's ordeal. However, she was burdened with her own thoughts.
No matter how much Charles attempted to win her over, Amelia remained indifferent. She couldn't bring herself to listen to anything he said. In her heart, there was only Steven. It was impossible to accept anyone else.
Lost in her thoughts, Amelia's phone slipped from her hand to the ground. As she bent down to pick it up, Charles also moved to assist her, and their hands accidentally collided. Amelia hastily retracted her hand, but to her surprise, Charles boldly grabbed her hand!
"Ah!" She exclaimed, jerking her hand away abruptly and standing up indignantly. "Mr. Charles, what are you doing?!"
"I'm sorry... I'm sorry, Ms. Amelia. Your hand is truly beautiful. | couldn't help myself... | was out of line." Charles quickly adopted a look of anxiety, his eyes misting over.
"I'm sorry, but... | really like you, Ms. Amelia. My younger brother has always loved your sister. You know that. Marrying him would ruin your life. He won't treat you well! But I'm different. | really like you. Why don't we be together? That would be for the best!"
"Enough, stop talking!" Amelia's face was flushed with shame and anger, and her heart was filled with indignation. "Even ￥gh mymbdther seat officially aa iéd to my father, you shouldn't treat me so disrespectfully! I'm not interested in you or your fourth brother. But at least your brother doesn't disrespect me like this. He's better than you! Don't waste your efforts. | won't choose you!" The content is on ! Read the latest chapter there!
With that, Amelia turned and left the banquet hall.
Charles thought, ‘Did she really just say that my ae ee ig) better thane! he content is on ! Read the latest chapter there!
He was infuriated beyond measure,
and his anger surged tothe forefront 1 ot ‘) Cc .
ofthis mind The content is on
! Read the latest
chapter there!
Trembling, Charles took out his phone and sent a message to his secretary.
[Tonight, | must have this ungrateful woman!] 
###chapter1208
Amelia endured Charles's disrespect but dared not tell her father or elder brothers. She quickly left the banquet hall alone, tears streaming down her face. 
In the midst of leaving through the crowd, a waiter accidentally bumped into her. Amelia felt a brief sting in her arm as if a bee had stung her, but it quickly faded away. 
The waiter promptly apologized. "Ah, I'm sorry miss." 
"It's... It's okay." Amelia shrugged it off and turned to leave quickly. 
As the waiter watched her walk away, a hint of a smirk crossed his face. 
... 
Amelia was standing on the deserted balcony, feeling the evening breeze in her hair and looking at the moon. 
She was wiping away her tears, thinking about Steven and how he always protected her. If Steven was here, he would never let her suffer even the slightest grievance or endure the slightest bullying. But she had already made the painful decision to let go. 
From now on, there would be no Steven in her life... Should she have one final conversation with him to clarify everything and have closure? 
After much deliberation, Amelia finally mustered the courage. Her hands were trembling as she turned on her phone. As soon as the signal connected, countless missed calls and messages flooded her screen Steven had never stopped trying to reach her, every word filled with deep affection. Amelia pressed her fingers onto her chest, where her heart seemed to have shattered into pieces. Biting her cherry lips until they bled, she couldn't stop the tears streaming down her cheeks.
"Steven... I don't want to be separated from you." 
Suddenly, she felt her vision blurred by tears. Her delicate body swayed violently, teetering on the verge of collapse. 
"Ms. Amelia, what's wrong with you?" A nervous voice reached her ears, but Amelia's mind was muddled, her ears ringing. The next moment, she was fiercely pulled into someone's embrace. She could even feel the restless palm on her tender shoulder, lewdly caressing her. 
"Who are you? Don't touch me!" Amelia trembled, trying to struggle but unable to muster any strength. Her eyes filled with tears. 
"Heh heh, don't be nervous. Just relax." The man smirked, his lips lasciviously brushing against her cheek, which he had long coveted. "I will take good care of you." 
As the CEO of KS Group, Asher was mingling among the powerful and influential. 
While he was engaged in a conversation with the guest, a sweaty bodyguard who was following Amelia rushed over and pulled Asher aside. "Mr. Thompson, there's bad news. Ms. Amelia is missing!" Asher's heart tightened, and his handsome face darkened. "How is that possible? Security here is top-notch, and you've been with her the whole time. How could my sister disappear?" 
"She was within our sight the whole time, sitting there talking to Second Young Master Iverson..." 
"Charles?" Asher suddenly had a bad premonition, his brow furrowing deeply. 
The bodyguard stammered in fear, wiping sweat from his forehead. "But... A group of people passed by from the dance floor, and Ms. Amelia suddenly vanished. Second Young Master Iverson is missing too!" "Useless!" Asher's eyes glare with fury, his anger palpable.
The bodyguard was so terrified that his legs almost gave way. "Mr. Asher! We need to find her now! If we can't..." 
Veins bulged on Asher's forehead, and his voice was hoarse as if torn. "Search discreetly. Don't inform Chairman Thompson for now. Spare him the worry. If we don't find my sister before the end of the banquet, you can think about how you'll face your demise!" 
The Thompson family's bodyguards scattered throughout the castle immediately, launching a thorough search. Asher was no longer in the mood for socializing and joined the search himself. 
Though Amelia was not his biological sister, he, being the eldest, loved all his siblings equally and would not stand idly by. He also dared not tell Bella, knowing her explosive temper. Bella might just turn the Reed family's event upside down! 
He thought, 'Amelia, please be safe!'
###chapter1209
As the quickened pace of leather shoes echoed across the corridor, Asher ran in a cold sweat while trying Amelia's number. 
Though the call went through, it was unanswered. 
Suddenly, Asher stopped in his tracks and heard the ringing of a cell phone. 
His heart raced as he followed the sound to the balcony. 
Amelia's phone sat on the ground, unattended. The screen displayed his name due to the call. 
"Amelia! Where are you, Amelia?" 
Standing on the balcony, Asher shouted her name, but his screams went unanswered. 
"Ash, how did Amelia go missing?" 
Bella and Justin rushed to the scene. Behind them was an injured Steven. "The security is tight here. All guests are registered before leaving and entering the castle. How did Amelia go missing? I can't believe it. Amelia has to be somewhere in the castle. She can't possibly leave the place." 
Driven by panic, Steven was on the verge of a breakdown. His bloodshot eyes welled up. 
"It's my fault! I was careless." Blaming himself, Asher pounded his fists on the railing. 
"Ms. Amelia will be okay. With Chairman Thompson around, I doubt anyone would lay a finger on his daughter unless the person is looking for a death wish." Justin gripped Bella's trembling shoulders, his lips pursed. "Since her phone is found here, we should start by retrieving the surveillance footage from this area." 
Asher's eyes were red. "I'll get to it right now."
"It will take too long. Every minute we waste puts Amelia in further danger." Bella gritted her teeth, sweat forming on her forehead. "Give me a computer with good functionality, Ash. I'll hack into the system. I can cripple not just the surveillance but the security system of the castle too." 
Emotions got to Asher and Steven, so it only occurred to them now that Bella was a top-notch hacker. 
Drew, a special agent, took Bella under his wing and taught her all she needed to know about computer programming. 
Justin stared at Bella in shock, his eyes reflecting his utmost appreciation for her. 
His woman was an angel on earth. 
He should have been used to the fact by now. 
Asher sent his men to deliver the best laptop on the market as soon as possible. 
Bella's eyes fixed on the screen as her fingers fleeted across the keyboard. 
Three men stood behind her with their heads hung low, staring at her without missing a beat. 
Bella inputted countless green codes and hacked into the system without a hitch. 
When Justin was in the military academy, he excelled in every training and course, including hacking. However, he doubted he was at Bella's level. 
Ten minutes later, the surveillance footage came on the screen. 
They were soon stunned. 
Several cameras captured Amelia hugging and flirting with a man, and the man was Charles.
"He's an animal!" Justin's eyes were bloodshot. 
The strangest thing was Amelia's attitude toward Charles. 
Amelia clung to the man's waist, nestling her head on his chest with a smile. 
They were too cozy with each other. 
Bella's breath hitched as chills went down her spine. 
"Amelia and Charles..." 
Steven's heart sank, and he shook his head violently. "No... Amelia couldn't possibly accept a vile man like him." 
"We know the person Amelia is. I'm sure something fishy is going on." 
Bella watched as Amelia and Charles went to the top floor and disappeared after taking a turn. 
"Oh, no! Charles is going to do something to Amelia. We must stop him." Unlike his usual composure when handling things, Asher freaked out. Steven felt his world crumbling. Emotions swept through him. 
He vowed to kill Charles if the latter were to touch the love of his life. Even if he could not, he would castrate Charles and make Charles wish for death.
###chapter1210
Steven even prepared himself for the worst-case scenario. 
He would not turn his back on Amelia, even if she was no longer a virgin. He made up his mind that Amelia was the only woman for him. Regardless of what happened, Amelia was perfect and pure to him. 
Bella cussed as regret washed over her. "That animal! Had I known of his intentions toward Amelia, I would've left him dead on the surgical table." 
"I assigned my men to apprehend Charles' associates covertly." 
Justin sprung to action. "Charles is limp. He can't do this on his own. I'm sure his minions would know what is going on." 
A light flickered in a flash. 
No one saw how Asher drew his dagger. 
His gaze was chilling. "My blade hasn't seen blood in a long time. Charles is asking for it. Who am I to deny Charles' punishment?" 
Charles carried Amelia, who was not in the right state of mind, into a guest room. 
She was thrown into bed, her mind muddled. She wriggled restlessly and panted with difficulty. 
Amelia was a delicious sight. 
Charles licked his lips as his eyes ravished her. He eagerly removed his clothes. 
"Fuck! What the hell?"
He quickly realized a horrible problem. He could not get it up. 
Charles took heavy breaths, but try as he may, he could not get an erection. 
Before, Charles was known to keep it up for extended periods of time. However, he could not even take the right form to begin the rigorous exercise. How was he supposed to live up to his reputation? Amelia would regain consciousness once the drug effect subsided. When that happened, he would be accused of assault instead. 
Charles started to hate Bella's guts. He believed she must have struck the nerves that connected to his manhood. 
Nevertheless, he had to nail Amelia. This was his only shot. 
Since sleeping with Amelia was no longer an option, Charles simply tore her clothes. 
She was voluptuous. Even so, Charles could not get it up. 
"Fuck! I really want to fuck you!" 
Suddenly, a thundering noise came from the back. Nearly wetting his pants, Charles slipped under the covers. 
"Who's there?" 
"Your worst nightmare." 
Three figures barged into the room. 
Before Charles knew it, Justin took strides toward the bed with grimacing eyes and grabbed Charles by the hair to drag him from under the covers.
"Ahhh! Ow! It hurts! Let go, bastard!" Charles cried out in agony. 
He sprawled across the floor, his bottom and left prosthesis showing. 
Justin pushed his tongue against his cheek before lifting his foot to stomp on Charles' back. His eyes were downcast to hide his aggression. "Don't look, Bella. I don't want you to see this." "It's just a butt." 
Bella spat on Charles, ran to the bed, and lifted the covers with shaky hands. 
Her heart broke to pieces, and she shouted hysterically, "I'm going to kill you, Charles!" 
"Amelia!" 
Steven rushed over in a flurry, his eyes welling up. He held his woman over the covers with trembling hands. 
Even now, he could not bear to look at or touch her. 
Steven wrapped his arms around Amelia, with the duvet separating them. His injured hand patted her back in an offer of comfort. 
"Don't be scared. I'm here. No one can hurt you anymore." 
Amelia gradually regained consciousness and opened her eyes listlessly.
###chapter1211
Charles carried Amelia into the room, took off her clothes, and violated her while she shifted in and out of consciousness. 
Amelia was aware of her surroundings, but she was too weak to open her eyes or fight back. 
Her situation only made things worse. 
She would rather be unconscious or dead. 
With her thoughts filling her mind, Amelia cried and let out a grunt of despair while struggling to break free from Steven's arms. 
"Don't touch me! Don't!" 
"Look at me, Amelia. Look at me. Who am I?" Steven held her with all his might as tears filled his eyes. 
He felt as though his chest was cut open and his heart was pulled out. He clenched his fists, digging his nails into his palms. 
The familiar voice in her ear lit her dead eyes with a tiny sparkle. 
She stared straight at Steven. Though reluctant to face the truth, Amelia cautiously said, "S-Steve?" 
Steven's throat closed up. Unable to speak, he simply nodded. 
"What's wrong with your eye?" Amelia stared at his bloodied left eye in shock. Her safety was the last thing on his mind because his well-being took precedence. Out for blood, Bella heaved resentfully. 
The couple did not deserve this. What had they ever done wrong to deserve it? 
Bella was crippled with rage for Wyatt.
Charles was malicious. However, if Wyatt did not try to marry Amelia off to Christopher, Charles would not try to get handsy with Amelia. 
In the past, Charles paid no attention to Amelia. 
His sudden approach toward Amelia was clearly to befriend the Thompsons so that he could claim the authority of the Iverson Group with their help. Wyatt started it. 
"I'm okay. I'm fine. I'll take you away now, Amelia. I'll take you away now." 
Steven's tears, stained with blood, rolled down his cheek. The only thing on Steve's mind was to take Amelia away. 
He carried her in his arms, but Amelia put up a fight and pushed him away. 
"Let's break up, Steve." 
Steven stared at Amelia's pale face in a daze. "Amelia, don't say that. I will never break up with you. I won't!" 
"We should break up. I'm tainted." 
Amelia curled her lips, her smile breaking his heart. "I don't deserve you, Steve." 
"Don't say that. My Amelia is never tainted." 
Steven shed tears and blood. "My Amelia is a perfect woman. I love you no matter what." 
Amelia shook her head, her determination showing in her eyes. "I'll never forgive myself if we're together for the wrong reasons. You deserve better, Steve. Don't waste your time on me anymore. I'm not worth your time."
Bella turned away and wiped away her tears. She then quickly scanned the room. She could not find a sharp weapon, but the vase came in handy. 
She ran over and grabbed the vase by the neck to smash it into the wall. 
The vase broke into pieces, and she held the broken vase's neck. 
"I'm going to castrate you, Charles!" 
Bella grimaced and sprinted toward Charles, who sprawled across the floor.
###chapter1212
Charles shrieked in a flurry and wet the carpet under his feet. 
The once-glorified and arrogant heir of the Iverson Group wet his pants. 
Outraged, Bella raised her weapon when Justin clutched her wrist. 
"Are you trying to stop me?" 
Bella heaved heavily as she tried to break free from him. "Don't tell me to calm down! He took advantage of my sister. Not even Lance can save him now!" 
"I'm not trying to stop you. I'm with you each step of the way." Justin sighed, his thick voice having a soothing effect. 
He slowly took the broken vase neck from her hand. "I just don't want you to get your hands dirty or hurt yourself." 
Bella pursed her lips. Coming back to her senses, she no longer insisted on harming Charles. 
With grimacing eyes, Justin clutched his fingers. Then came a crack. 
Bella watched Justin crush the vase's neck into powder with his bare hands. 
That was savage and cool. 
However, she wondered if he had hurt his hand. 
Justin clapped his hands nonchalantly and blew the powder residue off his palm. "Why go through the trouble to deal with you? I can just break your neck or crush your spine." "Justin... Bella... Are you going to lay your hands on me?"
Unable to get back on his feet, Charles pounded the ground. "If anything happens to me, my dad and brother will make you pay. You are done for!" 
"Great. I have had a problem with your family for a long time. I can finally get even." 
Bella gritted her teeth and dug her stiletto into the back of Charles' hand. Charles screamed out loud. 
"I'll start with you since you're here. Astrid will be next. None of you will get away with it." 
Astrid? 
Charles suspected that Bella was aware of their plan to set Amelia up. 
His concern was more about the marriage than the revenge from Bella and Justin. Not wanting his evil deeds to come to light, Charles refuted, "Can't you use your brain for once, Bella? I don't want to pull such a stunt to get your sister. My dad told me I would marry Amelia. She's going to be my wife anyway. Why would I go through all the trouble? Besides, I only wanted to get to know her better tonight, but she threw herself at me. I helped her up because she had too much to drink and couldn't stand up straight. She hugged me, smiled, and kissed me." 
Amelia shuddered with rage. 
However, she could not explain her behavior. She could not control herself. 
Steven shouted angrily, "You're lying! You forced yourself on Amelia. You're a rapist!" 
"You must have found your way here through the CCTV footage. You've watched us on camera, so you know she was all over me. I didn't make her do anything. You don't have proof to show the police that I raped her."
Charles smiled smugly, aware they had no leg to stand on. "She's my fiancée anyway. I thought she wanted to consummate the marriage before the wedding to check out how I was in bed." 
Justin furrowed his brows and exerted pressure on his foot, shattering Charles' tailbone. 
"Bullshit!" 
Bella wished she could crack Charles' head open with her sharp stiletto. "Amelia didn't drink. She couldn't have been drunk. You drugged her!" 
"Do you have proof, Bella?" Charles smiled sinisterly, his breath panting. 
Since he had endured the torture, he would face them off until the bitter end. 
Amid Bella's anger, a curt voice entered the room.
###chapter1213
"Do you think your plan is foolproof, Charles?" 
The mesmerizing voice belonged to Asher. 
Something heavy tumbled to the ground with a thud, and an agonized groan followed. 
It was Charles' secretary. 
Charles shuddered, and his heart raced. 
"Just spare me. Please let me go..." 
The secretary's face contorted in pain. He was tied up, but his limbs hung limply 
The tendons on his hands and feet were severed. 
It was Asher's M.O. 
A lithe figure with foxy eyes followed Asher into the room. 
"How are you going to manage without me?" Arnold looked worried for once. 
The Larsons had received an invitation for tonight. As experts in medicine and supply, the Larsons would definitely be on the guest list. 
The head of the Larson family was not pleased that his favorite daughter, Mila, was Wyatt's kept woman. Hence, the Larsons avoided any events at which the Thompsons were in attendance. They did not want to be embarrassed. 
Nevertheless, since Journey Ventures was the host, the Larsons could not decline an invitation from them. With Arnold back in the country, the Larsons sent him to the event.
Arnold was happy to oblige, as his man would be there. It had been a day, and Arnold missed him. 
Unbeknownst to him, drama awaited. Arnold wanted to stick up for his soon-to-be in-laws. 
Asher glanced at Arnold with a look of resignation before turning to the man who was tied up on the ground. 
"Are you going to talk, or should I do the talking for you?" 
The secretary's teeth clattered, and he was reluctant to talk because he could not afford to offend either party. 
Asher was about to turn the heat on the secretary when Arnold jumped in and said offhandedly, "Ash isn't one to hold back, and you have gotten the taste of it. The treatment you'll get is very different if you talk or if he speaks on your behalf." 
Arnold narrowed his eyes. "We can honor your wish to protect your master. I can let you know now that my surgical knife is sharper than Asher's dagger. You won't feel much pain." 
"I'll talk! I'll talk!" 
Unable to handle the idea of torture, the secretary fessed up. "Mr. Charles was frustrated that he couldn't win Ms. Amelia's heart, so he told me to get my hands on a liquid ecstasy. The liquid ecstasy will put Ms. Amelia under a spell, and it won't leave a trace." 
"A liquid ecstasy? What's that?" Justin furrowed his brows. 
"It's a GHB, or rape drug." 
Arnold turned solemn. "A GHB overdose can lead to unconsciousness, extreme dizziness, disorientation, and vomiting. GHB's effects come on quickly, and the victim will be knocked out in 10 to
15 minutes. At that point, the victim will be unconscious to whatever is done to them." 
Asher's chest tightened. Bella and Justin exchanged glances in shock. 
"Bastard! The fucking audacity of you to accuse me! I'm going to kill you!" Charles glared at his secretary. 
If Justin had not pinned him under his foot, Charles would have cut the secretary's tongue out. 
"Amelia, you drank something they gave you..." Steven nervously held Amelia's shoulders, worried the drug might damage her health. 
Amelia's throbbing head filled her tearful eyes with a daze. "I-I didn't. I drank a glass of juice with Bella. I didn't touch anything else." 
"Hahahahaha!" 
Charles laughed maniacally and pounded his fist on the ground. "Do you have proof? You don't! I told you that she hit on me. She's the whore!"
###chapter1214
Steven sprung from his seat. 
Before he could charge toward Charles, Amelia gripped his hand, her knuckles white. "Don't, Steve..." 
Charles was the heir of the Iversons, and Amelia was protected by her family, but Steven had no one. 
She did not want Steven to get involved any deeper than he already was because of her. 
Before Steven could do anything, Bella went ahead and kicked Charles in the face. 
"Ugh!" 
Bella knocked Charles' two front teeth out. Charles looked funny, with a bloody mouth and a big hole in his upper teeth. 
Justin gasped silently and swallowed hard. 
When he was a child, he watched a movie about a beautiful but savage woman. Bella was a hell lot fiercer than the female protagonist. 
With that in mind, Justin narrowed his eyes and curled his lips. 
He loved the vivid and candid side of her. 
"Oh, your sister is scary. She gets physical right away. She sure has a temper." 
Seeing Bella's aggression gave Arnold goosebumps. He rubbed his arm and nudged Asher. "Hey, shouldn't you be considerate to Mr. Salvador? When they get married, you should get him premium insurance. That would show you care." 
"Do you have nothing better to do, Dr. Larson?" Asher's tone was cold as he stood there, tall and still.
"Bella, you must be exasperated. All you can do is get mad." 
Charles bared his bloody fangs, and he spoke with a lisp. "You have no proof. You can't do anything. Yet, you and Justin beat me up. I want to put you behind bars. I want to ruin you!" 
"Am I supposed to be afraid? Do you think your threats scare me?" Bella smirked and clenched her fists, her knuckles popping. "One more word from you, and I'll pull out all of your teeth." The aggressor became the scaredy-cat. Charles immediately shut his mouth. 
"Bella... Justin... You have done a lot for me." 
Lying weakly in Steven's arms, Amelia shook her head in tears. "I just want this to be over. You've done enough." 
She was timid and easily frightened. However, she feared dragging the family she cared for into a huge mess. 
It was only a matter of time before she was to join the Iversons in union. She was hurt enough, so what was wrong with taking another one for the team? 
Some choices were not up to her. 
"What are you saying, Amelia? You were taken advantage of. It's not something Bella and I can just pretend didn't happen." 
Justin's breathing was heavy as he gritted his teeth. "He won't get away so easily." 
The fact that Amelia lumped them together in a sentence made him warm and cozy inside. 
Justin loved Bella with all his heart, and Bella's sister was his family too. He could not walk away and do nothing about the situation.
Though Amelia was broken, her will remained strong. 
Bella was swaddled in comfort by Justin's embrace of Amelia. Bella and Steven gave Justin grateful looks. 
Things reached a stalemate. 
Just as Charles felt smug, Arnold drew close to Amelia and asked softly, "I know it's hard on you, Ms. Amelia, but for your own sake, can you remember what you went through before you passed out? Maybe there's something you missed. Don't dismiss even the most trivial details." 
Asher had never seen Arnold so gentle. When Arnold demanded rewards from Asher, he acted like a male version of Bella, a little fierce and a little cute. 
This tenderness was an uncommon, fresh side to him. 
Asher felt something stirring inside.
###chapter1215
Amelia took a deep breath, Moments later, she recalled a server bumping into her and frowned. "I collided with a server when leaving the banquet hall. 
"I felt a sting on my arm. It hurt a little, but the pain faded quickly." 
The secretary was shocked, not knowing anything about the server. 
Fear washed over Charles. 
Feeling for Amelia, Bella reached her hand into the covers and pulled out her sister's arm. 
Sure enough, there was a tiny puncture on Amelia's arm. 
"Damn it!" 
Bella shouted angrily, her heart shattered to pieces. "What did you inject into my sister, asshole?" 
"I told you. She hit on me. I have nothing to do with it." Charles kept a tight lid, but his heart pounded out of his chest. 
At first, Charles was confident Bella and the others had nothing on him. 
Nevertheless, Arnold showed up, and now they were getting closer to the truth. 
Infuriated, Justin bent over to grab Charles by the hair and lifted him. Charles grimaced in pain. "If you inject something bad into Amelia, I will administer tubes of it to you." 
Furrowing his brows, Arnold checked Amelia's pulse and examined her eyes. 
A while later, he sighed in relief. "By the looks of things, Amelia is doing fine. Her slightly elevated heartbeat and low fever are side effects of anesthesia. When I was in Meridan, I heard the drug was
more potent when administered through shots. A single injection won't do much damage to the body, but I'll accompany Ms. Amelia for a more thorough checkup later." 
"Thank you, Dr. Larson." Steven choked with sobs. He was thankful. 
"Don't mention it. Ms. Amelia is Ash's sister. It's only right that I help her until the very end." 
Arnold narrowed his flirty eyes and glanced at Asher. "You never know. We might become family in the future." 
Busy figuring out ways to deal with Charles, Bella and the others did not notice Arnold making eyes at Asher. 
Asher lowered his gaze and cleared his throat. 
Arnold curled his lips in delight. "I'll need to take Ms. Amelia for a blood test to know whether she was forced or acted on her own volition. A certain somebody's evil deeds are coming to light." 
"Even if she was drugged with Molly, what does it have to do with me?" Charles shouted exasperatedly, "That's a bold statement to make. Bella, you're unhappy because Amelia is going to marry me, so you worked with these people to ruin me and take your anger out on the Iverson Group. You're evil." 
"Huh? When did I say Ms. Amelia was drugged with Molly?" 
Arnold chuckled, finding Charles quite an idiot. "I only said she had side effects of anesthesia. I never said it was Molly. Besides, I never said someone injected her with the drug. How did you know the specifics?" 
"You!" Charles was livid. 
Suddenly, Justin's phone rang. With a blank face, he took the call and put it on loudspeaker.
"What's the update, Ryan?" 
"You were right, Justin." 
Ryan's excited voice came on the line. "I had all entry points to the castle sealed as you instructed. I check for any mouse holes too. My people found a suspicious server trying to get away. I verified his identity as you told me to. You guessed it right. The guy impersonated a server. He's one of the Iversons' bodyguards." 
The secretary looked at his boss, dumbfounded. He did not know Charles kept things from him too. 
It was true that the Iversons were shady. 
Justin's tone was flat, but his words terrified Charles. "Well done, Ryan. Make sure to restrain the man and turn him in to the police after the party." 
"No problem, but Justin, why leave him to the police when he can be your punching bag? You and Bella can take your anger out on him." Ryan smiled wickedly. The devil in him had awakened again.
###chapter1216
Bella was lost for words. 
Justin facepalmed. "You're a grown-up, Mr. Hoffman. Get a grip." 
After the call ended, Charles wet himself again. 
"Ha. There you have it. We have an eyewitness and evidence. Try and talk your way out with the police and my dad now." 
The stern look on Bella's face was chilling. 
Charles lost it. 
He came from power and wealth, so the police did not scare him. Wyatt was a different story, though. 
The Thompsons were long-time family friends of the Iversons, but Wyatt was protective and merciless when he wanted to be. Charles had heard stories about Wyatt from his father. 
With his deeds exposed and the evidence thrown at his face, Charles would face a more horrible fate than jail time when word got to Wyatt. It would be the end of a friendship between both families, and his father would likely disown him. 
Charles crawled to Bella's feet like a dog and pleaded in tears. "M-Ms. Thompson, please. I was foolish. I came up with the stupid idea because I was desperate to defeat Christopher. I was wrong. I admit I was wrong. Please. Our fathers have been best buddies for so long. Let's just put this behind us this once." 
Bella scoffed, unfazed by his crocodile tears. "You can reflect on your crimes behind bars.
"But I think before you are sentenced, my brothers and Wyatt will have a word with you." In a last-ditch effort to save himself, Charles spilled the beans on the humiliating truth. 
"I-I didn't violate Ms. Amelia. I-I... Couldn't get it up...' 
Everybody was shocked. 
Amelia's eyes widened while Steven held her cold hand. 
"I don't know if it was the surgery or the drugs, but I don't feel anything when I have Ms. Amelia to myself. Since my plan didn't work, I took off her clothes and made it look like we slept together." 
"Then, you'd have a reason to make Chairman Thompson marry Amelia to you." Justin's eyes flickered harshly. "Do you think that it makes your sin any less? Even though you couldn't carry out your plan, you had every intention to hurt her." 
Bella had operated on Charles before, so she knew Charles was likely telling the truth. She burst into laughter. 
"Haha! This is karma. That's a worthy punishment. Even if you're telling the truth, the damage has been done. You didn't succeed in going through the whole thing, but you have seen her body without her consent. If you want to atone for your sins, you can dig your eyes out. Then I'll consider letting you go." 
Charles shuddered in fear. 
He was already a cripple. He did not want to be blind as well. 
Asher's and Justin's phones rang. 
The calls were from their fathers. 
Asher and Justin exchanged glances and took the calls.
They were told the same thing. They were to return to the hall as the highlight of the event was about to happen. 
The Reeds were about to announce who they were going to partner with on the new project. 
"Bella, you should head on with Justin." 
Asher looked askance at the human garbage on the floor. "Arnold and I will sort things out here. Just leave it to us, Amelia and Steve." "I'll be right back, Ash." 
Bella was about to leave when Amelia teared up and grabbed her arm. "Bella, please. Don't tell Dad about what happened to me." "Amelia, you..." 
Amelia shook, and tears streamed down her face. "Don't tell Dad. He's getting old, and his health isn't great. I'm worried that—” 
"Relax. I know what to do." 
Bella clutched her hand tearfully. "I'll do anything to help you cut ties with the Iversons completely."
###chapter1217
The event hall was filled with the sound of music and laughter. 
Bathing in the spotlight in the heart of the hall, the Reeds enjoyed the attention of all their guests. 
Those from Salvador Corporation and the Hoffman Group stared at Wilson Reed nervously. 
This project would pull the Hoffman Group out of the red, while it would help Salvador Corporation reach new heights and get one up on Bella. 
Wyatt kept a stoic face. Sure, he was interested in the project, but nothing was more important than finding his daughter. 
He wondered where Bella had wandered off. Wyatt hoped Bella was not snuggling up with Justin in a corner somewhere. 
Wyatt's face turned hot when many R-rated images popped into his mind. 
He was not a conservative old man, and Bella was once Justin's wife. Wyatt was grateful Bella did not get pregnant when she was living with Justin in Savrow behind his back. Still, Wyatt felt there was a time and place for thrill-seeking. 
However, Wyatt soon realized his docile and sensible daughter, Amelia, was missing too. 
Amid his confusion, a couple showed up. 
"Dad." 
"Chairman Thompson." 
Wyatt looked at them with a smile.
For some reason, he was proud to see that his daughter and Justin only had eyes for each other. 
Wyatt did not use to take to Justin before, but the latter was growing on him. 
"Where were you?" Wyatt moaned. 
As Bella looked upset, Wyatt was concerned. "What's the matter? Are you ill? I'll get Ash and Quentin to take you to the hospital." 
Bella shook her head with a scowl. "I'm fine." 
"Where's Ash? I just called him. Why isn't he here yet?" 
"Ash has an emergency to sort out. He'll be here later." Bella's tone was flat. 
Wyatt furrowed his brows. "What about Amelia? I didn't see her anywhere." 
Justin's eyes were chilling, and his jawline tensed. Bella narrowed her eyes on Lance. 
"Hahaha. Oh, Wyatt. Did you forget? Amelia was hitting it off with Charles on the dance floor. I think they might find the business event boring, so they went to a quiet spot to spend some time together." Lance added with a smile, "Amelia is the quietest girl among her siblings. I was surprised she had a lot to talk about with Charles. I guess they must see something in each other." 
"Ha." Bella scoffed, thickening the air with awkwardness. 
Lance froze. Not wanting things to be tense between both families, he forced a smile and asked, "You seem upset, Bella. Who upset you?" 
"Chairman Iverson, my sister clearly doesn't see anything romantic in your crippled son. Are you too old to see that?" Bella's squinted eyes were scary.
The smile on Lance's face froze as rage took over. 
Bella was insolent in his eyes. 
Lance believed her arrogance came from Wyatt indulging her and Christopher and Justin giving her all the attention. She must think she was all that, having wrapped her finger around the two most eligible bachelors in Savrow. 
"Why are you being rude to Lance, Bella? Mind your manners," Wyatt chided Bella. She appeared to have a problem with the Iversons. 
"Sigh... Don't say that, Wyatt. I don't want my goddaughter to be hurt." 
Lance acted with grace, and his tone carried gratitude. "If it weren't for Bella, Charles might not be able to walk again. Either way, my family is grateful to Bella. You can't say that about my family's savior."
###chapter1218
Lance's words only rubbed Bella the wrong way. "Chairman Iverson, do you know what's the one thing I regret the most? It was saving Charles." 
Lance gritted his teeth in shock and scowled. 
"What's wrong with you, Bella? You're like a daughter to Lance. How could you say such a thing?" Wyatt's anger reached a limit. Bella was acting rather strange. 
"Please try to relax, Chairman Thompson," Justin said. 
Justin put his arm around Bella's waist, tipping her onto his firm chest. "Please do not think Bella is just acting up. She has a reason to talk harshly, and you'll understand why after the event." Bella looked up at Justin, their gazes meeting. 
All her boiling emotions simmered when she looked deep into his eyes. 
"It's between our families, Mr. Salvador. I doubt it has anything to do with you.” 
Lance did not see the need to extend any courtesy to Justin. He said grimacingly, "Besides, what are you trying to say? What did Charles ever do to you? Watch your language.' 
Justin kept to himself and stared at Lance with a pretentious smile. Justin's calm eyes sent a chill down Lance's spine. Meanwhile, Zoe grimaced at Justin and Bella in jealousy. The fact that the couple looked good together ate her up inside. Justin and Bella were gone for a long time. Zoe wondered what they were up to. 
She suspected they might be getting a little cozy somewhere private. 
"Ah!"
Unable to handle her own imagination, Zoe screamed. 
The nearby guests turned to her in disdain. 
Gregory frowned. 
It was hard to believe that Ryan had a dimwit sister. 
In fact, Gregory had to admit that Bella was more suited for his son when it came to looks and family status. Zoe was not her competition at all. 
However, Bella was manipulative and unpredictable. She controlled Justin and tried to bring the Salvador family down. 
It was a ticking time bomb to keep a competent and heartless woman around. Bella might just bring trouble to the family. 
"1 
"Thank you for taking the time out of your busy schedules to attend Journey Ventures' first-ever event in Savrow. On behalf of my father and the Reed family, I would like to extend my appreciation to all of you here today." Wilson Jr. gave a speech as the CEO. 
A thundering applause ensued. 
"As everybody knows, we have collaborated with Salvador Corporation on a project, and the project is going smoothly. We cannot be happier with the outcome. 
"As we proceed with building hotels with horse tracks, we're looking to choose a highly capable local partner in our venture."
Some looked at Gregory, while others stared at Lance. 
Wyatt was not a resident of Savrow, and KS World was not a local business either, so Wyatt was not upset to be excluded. However, Logan was not having it. Logan got the impression from the public that the Hoffman Group was nowhere near Salvador Corporation's or the Iverson Group's success. 
Wilson Jr. ended the speech and retreated to a corner as his father took center stage. 
Wilson looked around the room, his gaze lingering on Gregory, Logan, and the others. 
In the end, he looked away and announced in a loud voice. "I hereby declare that Journey Ventures' partner in setting up hotels with horse tracks is the KS Group."
###chapter1219
KS Group... The Thompson family?! 
The crowd was stunned. After a brief shock, thunderous applause filled the banquet hall. 
The dazzling spotlight shone on Wyatt. He was stunned for a while, then his handsome brows relaxed, and he walked forward with a graceful and confident smile to have a friendly handshake with Wilson. "It is KS Group's honor to have the opportunity to work with Journey Ventures." 
Since they had become business partners, Wilson's attitude towards Wyatt became much more amicable, showering him with praises. "You won the race at the horse racing event and showed us your overwhelming strength. Moreover, I've said that the champion will be our priority in selecting a business partner. I'm a man of my word." 
Apart from the Reeds, nobody else knew that an hour ago, they had a call with Grant, who was far away in Meridan. 
"We are friends, so if you are willing to take my advice, I'd still suggest you choose KS Group to work with." 
Wilson Jr. was still pissed off due to Bella's rejection, and Wilson frowned. 
"Why? If we choose to continue working with your family, wouldn't it be more beneficial to you and your father?" 
Grant chuckled mysteriously. "You'd benefit from working with KS Group, and of course, I also have something to gain. If I had to say a reason, it's because I admire Ms. Bella and didn't want her to end up with nothing after giving so much effort." 
Although Bella kept her composure, her eyes sparkled with joyous light. She genuinely felt happy for Wyatt.
Suddenly, she felt warmth enveloping her hand by her side. 
"Bella, congratulations to you and Uncle Wyatt.” 
Justin naturally held her hand, intertwining their fingers, lightly rubbing her knuckles with his fingertips. "I knew you would succeed." Bella felt as if a surge of electricity spread throughout her nerves. Their entwined fingers made her heart thump, and her ears blushed red. 
While Wyatt won a huge project, Gregory and Logan's faces were dark and gloomy. 
Logan, especially, felt as if he was fooled and coughed violently. Zoe quickly patted his back. 
Lance was good friends with Wyatt. The Iverson family would still benefit from the Thompsons getting picked. 
The Salvador Corporation had already collaborated with Journey Ventures before, laying the groundwork. 
What about him? What did he obtain? 
He was merely a joke, competing alongside them. 
Seeing the Thompson family basking in glory, Gregory twitched his lips in anger. He felt humiliated, like he was being played. 
He took a deep breath, smiled as if he did not care, and walked to Wyatt and Wilson. 
"Chairman Thompson, Mr. Reed, congratulations." 
"I hope you share the joy, Chairman Salvador." Wyatt smiled.
"Chairman Thompson, you hit the nail on the head. Indeed, we should all be congratulated tonight." 
Gregory raised his brows. "Because tonight, I'd like to take this opportunity where everyone is gathered here to announce some good news."
###chapter1220
Upon hearing that there was good news, the crowd perked up, looking at Gregory's ambiguous expression. 
Gregory's gaze flickered as he smiled at Justin. "Justin, come here." 
Justin's heart skipped a beat inexplicably, and he frowned as he watched the woman beside him. His fingers tightened as he was unwilling to part with her. 
"Go on. I'll be right here. I won't go anywhere." 
Bella looked into his eyes gently and slowly pulled out her hand, which was red from Justin's right grip. 
Justin did not have a reason to refuse at this moment, so he could only walk to Gregory under everyone's watchful eyes. 
Gregory revealed a rare smile full of fatherly love, raised his hand, and patted Justin's shoulder. He turned to face the crowd and smiled. 
"Tonight, with the joy of the collaboration between Mr. Reed and Chairman Thompson, I would like to announce another good news from our family. My son, Justin, has decided to marry Chairman Logan's granddaughter, Zoe Hoffman. The engagement ceremony will be held this month!" 
The crowd's mouths hung open with shock. 
What?! 
Justin was getting engaged to Zoe?! 
Some people looked at Zoe, who had been designated as the Salvador family's future young madam by Gregory.
Zoe was so excited that her whole body trembled as if she were twitching. Her eyes were wide and round, sparkling with excitement, almost breaking into tears. 
Finally! 
God knew how long she had waited for this day and how much effort her family had made to convince Gregory to accept her. She finally had the chance to show off in front of Bella, making Bella the laughingstock! 
The humiliation and grievances she had suffered from that bitch all this while would finally be avenged. 
At this moment, more eyes were shockingly looking at Bella with a complex gaze. 
The color had drained from Bella's face, and her shoulders shook, as if she were submerged in a dark, freezing lake. Her body, which had felt warm because of Justin just now, slowly froze. Her blood was bone-piercingly cold, so painful that her mind went blank. 
Zoe stared at her, laughing maniacally. 'How delightful! Bella had finally lost her sharp claws, looking disheveled and lost. It was truly too satisfying!' 
"A marriage alliance between the Hoffman and Salvador families?! Why was there no word of such a big event? It is too abnormal!" 
"Isn't this the Salvador Corporation's usual style? They only announced Justin's marriage to Bella publicly after they divorced. They hid those three years of marriage so well, and they're just repeating it this time with the Hoffmans." 
"Huh? If Justin was about to get engaged to Zoe, what was his deep affection for Bella?"
"Perhaps they love each other, but Chairman Salvador disapproves of it. I never thought Justin and Bella were a good match from the beginning. Bella got Madam Shannon into jail! She exposed the Salvador family in broad daylight! If I were Chairman Salvador, no matter how beautiful, outstanding, and strong this woman was, I wouldn't let her into the family. I'm not lacking her money!" 
The crowd buzzed with discussion, each word piercing Bella's heart until it was bloody and tattered. 
When Wyatt heard of the marriage alliance between those two families, it felt like a thunderbolt had struck his ears. He was in disbelief and humiliated. 
His precious daughter had suffered enough humiliation when they divorced in the past. Now, the whole world knew that Bella had gotten back together with Justin. Everyone also saw the intimacy and unique favoritism they showed each other. 
However, Gregory dared to say that Justin was getting engaged to Zoe. 
He did not believe Gregory genuinely wanted to ally with the Hoffmans. He was using the person Bella cared about the most, his own son, to take revenge against them. 
Bah! 
How petty and despicable!
###chapter1221
Wilson was surprised. He blinked and said, "Oh! That's something to celebrate! Congratulations, Chairman Salvador and Justin." "Are you joking, Chairman Salvador?" 
Justin clenched his fists, his knuckles turning white. Overwhelming anger and panic crashed down on him. His eyes were bloodshot, and he looked like a beast desperately trying to break free from its iron cage. 
"Everyone knows that I love Bella. You want a marriage alliance with the Hoffman family, huh? I don't know what shady deal you've made with them, but even if you threaten me with your own life, I won't marry Zoe!" 
The crowd's jaws were about to drop. 
Even the Reeds, who had experienced many dramatic fallouts, were stunned by Justin's audacious words. 
Wilson Jr. initially looked down on Justin, but seeing how bold Justin was to embarrass his own father in front of so many prominent families, Wilson Jr. started admiring Justin. 
He exclaimed, "He's so cool." 
"Oh my God! What did Mr. Salvador say? Did I mishear?! This is insane!" 
"The war between this father and son is about to begin!" 
"If I were Chairman Salvador, my blood pressure would rise, and I'd faint! Don't Justin's words mean that he did not care whether Chairman Salvador would die, but no one could stop him from being together with Bella? So his father's life is nothing compared to Ms. Bella?"
Bella's tearful eyes stared deeply at Justin, as if there was no other man in this world who could make her heart surge with emotion. 
The surrounding guests cast side-eyes at the Hoffman family. 
"What's going on? It feels like Justin is unaware of this marriage. Did Chairman Salvador sell him off?" 
"Yeah, it's not good to tear the couple apart!" 
"I think the Hoffman family is worse. They knew Justin loved Bella but still tried to force Zoe to be with Justin, making it awkward for both families. I wouldn't be able to stand it if I were Zoe. Who are they trying to disgust?" 
"Zoe could even slap herself. Does she have any shame left? She's probably overwhelmed with joy now!" 
Listening to these sarcastic remarks, Zoe's face flushed purple with resentment. Logan was equally embarrassed, his expression darkening. 
In fact, he knew there was a certain risk in this marriage alliance. Even if Gregory agreed, Justin's rebellious nature would never surrender. 
However, he thought that if they announced it at such an important event where everyone was watching, Justin would have to endure until the banquet ended for his family's image. 
At that time, the news of his engagement would have spread, and Justin's reputation would have plummeted if he resisted. They could bribe the media to draw up articles about Justin being a womanizer. To protect Justin's image, even Nigel would have to compromise! 
However, they still underestimated Justin's love for Bella.
Justin was truly stubborn and willing to man up. 
"Marriage is not child's play. It's not something that you can decide on a whim!" 
Gregory suddenly stepped forward. He was half a head shorter than his son, only able to look him in the eyes when he raised his chin, making him appear shorter in stature. "This is not up to you!" Gregory tried his best to lower his voice angrily, glaring at Justin. "Even if you don't want to marry Ms. Hoffman, I will never let Bella enter my door!" 
"Apart from Bella, I won't marry anyone else." 
Gregory's words were only audible to the two of them. However, everyone present could hear Justin clearly. 
A teardrop welled up in the corner of Bella's reddened eyes. She could not hold back anymore and wanted to walk toward Justin. 
Suddenly, Wyatt grabbed her thin wrist, pulling her back to his side.
###chapter1222
"What are you doing, Bella?" Wyatt asked sternly. 
"Dad... I hope you can trust him." Bella's voice was extremely hoarse. Her eyes were teary, beautiful, but fragile. 
Bella was always an intelligent and wise woman, but at this moment, she could not think of anything other than being by his side. 
Wyatt was distressed, saying in a deep voice, "I didn't say I didn't trust him. But in this situation, he's going up against Gregory and getting entangled with the Hoffman Group. If he's a man you want to entrust your life to, then I'd like to see how he would resolve this problem." 
The scene was extremely awkward and tense. 
Justin's absolute refusal completely disregarded the Hoffman family's pride! 
Logan could not endure it anymore. He held his granddaughter, who acted like the victim, and questioned angrily, "Mr. Salvador! It's your freedom to love Ms. Bella, but you refused to take responsibility for my granddaughter. Half a year has passed, but we didn't even get a word of apology or explanation from you! What do you take my granddaughter for?" 
Zoe cooperatively started sobbing. 
"What's wrong with asking you to marry my granddaughter? If you love Ms. Bella so much, like you said, why did you lead my granddaughter on?" 
Logan was not someone to be trifled with. His words were straight to the point. "Are you so fearless because you have a good relationship with my grandson? Or is it because you think you can do whatever you want to Zoe because she has no one to stand up for her?"
Logan's words stirred up everyone's memories. 
Back then, Justin and Zoe's rendezvous at the hotel caused a huge uproar in the city. 
At that time, the Hoffmans tried to force the Salvador family, but Justin remained indifferent and carried on with life. Even if Zoe wanted to stir up trouble, she could only stay put temporarily. Justin raised his eyes, his chilling gaze sweeping sharply toward Zoe. 
Zoe's heart skipped a beat, and her teeth chattered uncontrollably. 
The next second, Justin parted his lips, and his cold voice resounded. "I've never touched your granddaughter or had private contact with her. The hotel incident was a setup to trap me, and I've been secretly investigating the specifics. Even if Ms. Hoffman doesn't care about shame, I must clear my name. I can't disappoint the woman I love." 
When Justin said the last sentence, he turned to Bella. 
The crowd buzzed with discussion, looking at Zoe with increasingly suspicious gazes. 
Zoe's reputation was already on the verge of collapse, having been involved in many scandals. If Justin's words were true and he was set up, could it be that Zoe played some dirty tricks to marry him? "Grandpa... It has nothing to do with me. I am the victim!" Zoe held Logan's arm tightly, tears streaming down her eyes and smudging her makeup. 
Logan naturally did not believe his granddaughter to be such a despicable woman. He only thought it was Justin's excuse to get out of the marriage. "Justin, I'll give you a choice." 
Gregory gritted his teeth and threatened him. "If you choose Ms. Hoffman, I'll appoint you as my heir and immediately transfer ten percent of my shares to you. You will become the biggest shareholder in the Salvador Corporation, with the highest decision-making power! If you insist on Bella, you will no
longer be the president. I will announce your dismissal on Monday. Everything about the Salvador Corporation will have nothing to do with you anymore..." 
However, before Gregory could finish his words, Justin strode forward without hesitation to the woman standing not far away, silently waiting for him-his Bella, the love of his life. Justin would never trade her for anything.
###chapter1223
Bella's teary eyes intertwined with Justin's intense and passionate gaze. Their figures were reflected in each other's clear eyes. 
She was merely a few meters away, but Justin's steps were heavy and determined, as if he had crossed mountains and seas to reach her. Wyatt was by Bella's side. 
Justin was a little dazed at this moment, almost shedding a tear. He was about to welcome his happiness and his bride. 
His eyes were teary and red, and the surroundings felt silent. Only his intensely beating heart was heard. Everything before him felt too good to be true. 
"Justin..." 
Like a falling star, a crystal-clear tear drop trickled down Bella's beautiful face. 
He could sacrifice everything for her, and she would do the same. 
Whether it was fighting together on Kridor's battlefield or when she disregarded her family's opposition and the cold eyes of the Salvador family to marry him three years ago, they both spared no effort for love. 
"Wait!" 
Zoe glared at them with bloodshot eyes, her voice sharp and trembling. 
She could not endure it anymore. 
She obtained hope once and once again but only suffered from disappointment after disappointment. She could not take it anymore.
She thought, 'Bella, Justin, you want to be together, huh? Fine. Let me plunge a bloody knife into your heart so that you'll have a hideous wound in your relationship that will never heal! You will never be able to let go of this!' 
The crowd naturally glanced at Zoe with impatient gazes. 
At this point, what was she still fighting for? 
Justin and Bella were deeply in love. No matter how much Zoe tried to get involved, she only deserved contempt. 
Zoe's face was pale, her lips twitching upwards, looking like a vicious ghost from hell, giving off an eerie feeling. 
"Chairman Salvador, I know the Hoffman family is not as prestigious and powerful as the Thompson family. You must have felt short-changed when your daughter-in-law became me instead of Ms. Bella. However, I'm afraid you will regret it in the future if you choose Ms. Bella.” 
Her words put her in a weaker position, attempting to gain sympathy from the crowd. It also aroused the curiosity of everyone, including Gregory. 
"Also, Chairman Thompson." 
Zoe turned her ambiguous gaze towards Wyatt, acting as if she were worried for him. "I know you have many children, but the one you love and care about the most is Ms. Bella. You can't bear to see her bullied or aggrieved. 
"Do you think Justin deserves to be your son-in-law? Is he really the right one for Ms. Bella?" 
The crowd looked at each other, confused by what Zoe meant.
Bella sensed that Zoe was about to play dirty, and a cold light flashed across her eyes. 
She was about to speak when Wyatt impatiently interrupted, raising his brows. "Ms. Hoffman, you also come from a prestigious family. Stop beating around the bush and get straight to the point." His domineering presence pressured Zoe. Even the people around them shivered. 
At this moment, Asher and Ryan, who were finished dealing with Charles, also arrived at the banquet hall, catching sight of this scene. 
The two men halted their footsteps. 
Asher felt an inexplicable panic, casting a complicated glance at Ryan, who was beside him. 
"Fuck... I took my eyes off her for a second, and this damned brat is stirring up trouble again!"
###chapter1224
Ryan gritted his teeth furiously, cracking his fists. He was about to rush forward when Asher grabbed him. 
"Mr. Hoffman, don't act recklessly. My father and Justin are here, so you don't need to be too worried. Moreover, you're about to be appointed as the Hoffman Group's president. If you side with outsiders now, Logan will be dissatisfied with you. It will affect your future. You can't act on impulse." 
Ryan's eyes burned, and he clenched his teeth. "What kind of friend am I if I don't stand by Justin? How can I let my family bully my best friend's wife? How will I face Bella and Justin?" 
Asher's expression was a little complicated. He was concerned about Ryan's intelligence. Impulsiveness was not the same as loyalty, so Ryan's words did not make sense. However, he understood Ryan's feelings. 
Justin stared at Zoe coldly. His dark gaze was like a gun barrel, waiting to snipe at this evil bitch at any moment. 
Zoe was targeted by both Justin's and Wyatt's gazes. She steadied herself and suddenly shouted, "Bring it up!" 
She knew that what she had was not a trump card but a nuclear bomb. If she used it, she would destroy both sides, but she couldn't care less as she was blinded by rage. 
She only wanted Justin and Bella's relationship to be completely ruined! 
After a while, her assistant, who had been waiting under the stage, quickly ran over, handing an envelope to Zoe. 
"Mr. Salvador, you were once secretly married to Ms. Bella for three years. During those three years, you had an affair with Madam Shannon's niece. Ms. Bella, who was deeply in love with you, suffered
alone and was neglected, like a mere decoration in the house." 
Zoe was not in a hurry to take the envelope. She smiled sinisterly at Justin. "You ignored her love and pain for three years and even forced her to divorce you because you wanted to be with your lover. I didn't say anything wrong, did I?" 
In fact, the old issues she brought up were already well-known. Almost everyone present knew about Justin and Bella's ridiculous past marriage. 
However, even if the pain Justin caused Bella was in the past, even if he had paid for it with his life, the people still felt indignant for Bella when they heard it again. 
How much did she love Justin to endure it for three years? 
If it were anyone else, they would not even last a day! 
Justin felt as if a cold, hard nail had pierced his throat, causing his voice to turn hoarse from the pain. "Yes, you are right. I admit it." 
"Do you think the harm you caused Ms. Bella is only this much?" 
Zoe chuckled. "Why don't you try thinking harder?" 
Justin's brows furrowed, and the headache that had stopped for a long time returned, making his vision blurry. 
Bella's heart suddenly tightened. She seemed to have realized something. 
At this moment, Zoe crossed her arms and gestured to her assistant. "Go. Give this to Chairman Thompson. I think Chairman Thompson must be curious as to what his precious daughter experienced more than anyone else."
The assistant walked to Wyatt and handed the envelope to him with both hands. 
"Dad! Don't..." 
Bella's forehead was covered with a layer of cold sweat. Wyatt frowned as he opened the envelope, taking out a document inside. 
After a few seconds, Wyatt felt like his heart was pierced through by a bullet. His lips trembled, and he was in excruciating pain. He almost teared the paper apart. 
Bella's ears buzzed, and she choked up. "Dad..... I.....”
###chapter1225
"Bella... Is this true?" 
Wyatt's pained eyes turned to his daughter, who had a pale face. Love and hate surged within him, and he threw the paper at Bella, trembling. "Tell me. Is everything on here true?!" Bella's body shook, and she clutched her chest, stiffening as she crouched down and picked up the paper like an elderly person, holding it tightly. 
"Bella..." 
Justin was confused and flustered. He was about to walk to her when she answered, "Yes. It's true." 
Wyatt felt as if something exploded by his ear. His vision went black, his head throbbed, and he felt like the sky was collapsing. 
Seeing Wyatt's reaction, Asher and Ryan were stunned in place. 
Especially Asher. He had never seen Wyatt lose his temper at Bella in the past thirty years. 
Even when he found out about Bella and Justin's secret marriage and divorce, Wyatt mostly blamed Justin for betraying his daughter. He did not shift his anger toward Bella. What on earth was going on? 
Just as the crowd was puzzled, Wyatt strode forward, grabbed Bella's arms, and almost dragged her out. 
"Come. You will return to Hatchbay with me immediately!" 
Bella's eyes were filled with tears, blurring her vision. Her heart was wrenched in pain. "Dad..." 
"Also, I forbid you to have any contact with Justin Salvador! If you don't listen to me, don't ever think of stepping out of Yara Park for the rest of your life."
Wyatt did not elaborate further. His attitude was brutally determined. 
Justin felt as if he were struck by thunder. His breath hitched, and his blood went cold. 
If the short walk toward Bella just now was a beautiful dream, Wyatt's cold words now were a cruel nightmare. 
"Chairman Salvador, even if you lock up Ms. Bella forever, it's useless. You can't solve any problems by avoiding them. You have to face it proactively." 
Zoe frowned and shook her head, acting worried on the surface but gloating in secret. She would not conceal her excitement. "It's too late now to fix things. Ms. Bella is barren because of that miscarriage. She's still so young, yet she's been stripped of her right to become a mother. Sigh... Which woman could endure such pain? If it were me, I'd rather die. Ms. Bella is such a strong woman." 
'Miscarriage? Bella was pregnant with his child? We once had a child?!' Justin's tall figure shook, his soul torn apart, and his body in pain. 
He panted heavily, and his handsome face was drained of color. Indescribable agony mercilessly gripped his throat. 
"Bella... When?" 
Could it be the only time they slept together during their marriage? He slept with her in a daze because he was drugged that night. Did she get pregnant at that time? But how did they lose the child? 
Why did she not tell him? 
Why... Why did she not say anything?! 
Bella closed her eyes in sorrow, allowing tears to stream down her face and stain her pale cheeks.
###chapter1226
At this point, Bella could not say anything, as if she had become mute. 
The crowd was stunned, unable to believe their ears. 
Bella was the daughter of Hatchbay's richest man. She lost her fertility because of Justin. What kind of hellish life did she lead when she was staying with the Salvador family? What kind of cruel torture did Justin bring her? 
Although being unable to conceive was not necessarily the end of the world in a wealthy family, every woman had the right to be a mother. 
Not wanting a child was completely different from being unable to bear a child. 
Ryan's expression turned stiff, shocked to the point of losing his senses. 
Beside him, Asher's heart was torn when he heard about his sister's ordeal. He almost fell, but Ryan held him up in time. 
As Bella's brothers, they thought they understood her well and knew all her secrets. 
However, the truth before them gave Asher a fierce and resounding slap. 
What kind of brother was he? They were all incompetent trash who could not protect their sister. 
Seeing that Chairman Thompson was disgusted with Justin, Zoe turned her attack on Gregory. "Uncle Gregory, you've seen how much your son has harmed Ms. Bella. I think you could not let them be together anymore, right? How unfair would it be to Ms. Bella? You couldn't bear it too, right?" 
Her words had another layer of meaning for Gregory.
Since Bella was infertile, how could she be the Salvador family's daughter-in-law? Gregory did not want his bloodline to end. 
"Justin, at this point, do you think you deserve to be with Ms. Bella?" 
Gregory's mind spun, and he switched tactics, directing his words at Justin. "Ms. Bella's heart was probably suffering from torment whenever she faced you. She might be thinking about the child she lost. If you love her, you should let her go. Move on and wish each other well." 
Move on and wish each other well? 
Justin's reddened eyes brimmed with tears. He shook his head in a daze, feeling so much agony as if every bone in his body was broken. 
Their child was gone, but he only knew about it at this moment. 
He was not a good husband or father. 
He would never be able to pay for his sins! 
"Zoe Hoffman." 
A cold and harsh voice sounded. Ryan strode over with a dark expression, standing before Zoe like a mountain of ice. 
"Ryan, what do you want to say? At this point, I'm afraid whatever you say is useless." Zoe provoked him fearlessly, relying on the fact that they were in public, and she had Logan supporting her. Unexpectedly, she felt a gust of strong wind the next second! 
Smack! Smack! Smack!
"Ah!" 
With a scream, Zoe spun in the air and fell to the ground heavily, bleeding from her nose and mouth. 
The crowd staggered back in fear, sucking in a breath. 
Who could have expected Ryan to slap his sister heavily three times under everyone's gaze and in the presence of his elders? 
Ryan's eyes were ruthless and vicious. He took a napkin from the front pocket of his coat and gracefully wiped his reddened hand. 
"Yeah, it's useless. So, I could only use action to resolve your sins. Zoe Hoffman, it's my greatest humiliation that an evil woman like you is my sister. They say karma will come around. If God doesn't do anything, I will!"
###chapter1227
Zoe's head spun from being hit, her vision turning black. She could only taste the metallic pang of blood in her mouth. Her ears hurt so much that she twitched, and she bared her teeth in pain. In front of such excruciating pain, Zoe could not care less about managing her expression or maintaining her grace as a noble lady. 
"Ah! My ears... My ears hurt so much!" 
Zoe's right face was slapped two times, a piercing buzzing ringing in her ear, causing her to yell out in pain! 
"Zoe! My Zoe!" 
Logan's eyes widened in shock, shouting as he rushed to Zoe's side tremblingly, not even bothering to take his crutches. He clumsily tried to help her up. 
But how could Zoe have the strength? One could imagine how strong a slap from a big and muscular man like Ryan was. 
Zoe collapsed on the ground and sobbed. "Grandpa... My ears hurt so much... Why can't I hear in my right ear?" 
"Zoe! What did you say?!" Logan's face turned pale. 
However, even with his loud voice and at such a close distance, only a faint, buzzing sound reached Zoe's ears. 
Zoe tremblingly stopped covering her right ear and opened her palm. 
A few drops of blood appeared before her, scaring her. She sobbed. "My ear... I'm deaf!"
The secretaries and bodyguards rushed forward, shouting for doctors and ambulances. The scene was a total mess. 
Ryan watched the Hoffman family members scrambling around, his eyes emotionless and calm, as if an invisible wall of ice stood between him and the Hoffmans. 
Once upon a time, he took pride in being the eldest grandson of the Hoffman family. 
Now, he only felt humiliation and shame. 
"Ryan Hoffman! You... Are you insane?!" 
Logan glared at Ryan in disbelief, catching his breath as darkness clouded his vision for a second. "Zoe is your sister! Your parents' only daughter! How can you lay such cruel hands on your sister?!" Ryan's lips curled into a chilling smile. "I am her eldest brother. Since our father is not around, I will take over and discipline her. Do you think it's inappropriate?" 
The crowd was shocked. Ryan's words were tough and appeared ridiculous, but they made sense. 
"You... You're an ungrateful brat!" 
Logan's face twisted in anger, spouting, "Zoe is my granddaughter! I am in charge of the Hoffman Group! You dare hit your blood relative in front of me... Do you still have any respect for me?!" 
"Of course." 
Ryan narrowed his eyes, which gleamed with a chilling crimson. "I only slapped her worthless mouth out of respect for you. Otherwise, I'd really want to kill her." 
The guests were all stunned. The vast banquet hall fell into complete silence!
Asher stared at Ryan in a daze. He always thought that Ryan was only a cocky, righteous, and wealthy playboy, but Ryan was willing to risk power that was within his reach. Ryan risked being alienated from his own family to teach his wicked sister a lesson and seek justice for Bella. 
A strong sense of gratitude surged in his mind, and Asher felt guilty for underestimating him in the past. 
Zoe trembled violently after hearing Ryan's words, desperately squeezing into Logan's arms. 
"You... You!" Logan was so mad that he choked, unable to utter a coherent sentence. 
"Ryan, Zoe is your sister after all. Saying such harsh words would only harm yourself and the relationship between your family. It's not worth it." 
Everything was moving in the direction Gregory wanted, but Ryan suddenly jumped out, messing up the situation. He could only step forward and advise him like an elder.
###chapter1228
It seemed like advice, but Gregory was actually warning Ryan. "Ultimately, this matter is between my son and Ms. Bella. It's a grudge between our two families. Therefore, you should bring Mr. Logan and Ms. 
Zoe home. You don't need to intervene in this." 
"Ha... Zoe exposed Ms. Bella's personal information in front of so many people and revealed Bella's health condition and pain just for revenge. Do you mean that Zoe does not have to take responsibility in this matter?" 
Ryan's words were straight to the point, tearing Zoe's last cover apart. 
His words also reopened Bella's festering wounds. She gritted her teeth and closed her eyes, eyelashes fluttering, but her tears still streamed down helplessly. Every tear struck Justin in the heart and crushed him. 
He thought, 'Bella, how I wish to walk to you and kiss you like before. But do I still deserve your love? Do I still deserve to embrace you?' 
"Ryan, are you insulting me?!" Gregory tried to maintain his composure, his jaw tense, but he was on the verge of faltering. 
"You always beat around the bush, speaking in riddles, but I am simple-minded. At least, this is how I understood it. I wonder what everyone else thinks." 
Ryan put on his bored and cocky playboy demeanor, scratching his ear. "Also, I'm familiar with your son, but not so much with you. I'd feel more comfortable if you called me Mr. Hoffman in the future." Gregory's expression fell, looking as if he had eaten a fly. 
Ryan was really something!
He took upon Gregory's usual sarcastic remarks, leaving him with no way out. 
The crowd looked at Gregory, who was furious. They shook their heads, unable to conceal the disappointment and disdain in their gazes. 
"To stop Ms. Bella from marrying Mr. Justin, Zoe could resort to all sorts of despicable means!" 
"Yeah! A diagnostic report from the gynecological department should be confidential, even for an ordinary person, let alone a wealthy lady like her. Zoe exposed Ms. Bella's information to the public just for revenge. How immoral!" 
"Zoe knew it was hopeless for her to marry Justin, so she decided to drag Bella down with her. She wants to ruin it for Bella too!" 
"Even a dog would shake its head seeing this woman. Who would marry her?” 
"Chairman Salvador is also something else. He still wants Mr. Salvador to marry Zoe! Is the Salvador family a public toilet? He tries to get all the dirty and smelly stuff in. Is he interested in Zoe himself?" The mocking words pressed down on Gregory, suffocating him. 
He realized at this moment that even if he wanted to tear Justin and Bella apart by forcing a woman onto Justin, choosing Zoe was a huge mistake! 
"Grandpa... My ears hurt... Am I going deaf? I don't want to be deaf... Send me to the hospital now!" Zoe cried and begged, panicking. 
"Go! Send Zoe to the hospital!" 
Logan had just shouted his order when Asher suddenly growled, his gaze icy. "Who dares to leave?!"
The Hoffman family was startled, especially Zoe, who was so frightened that she wished to find a hole to hide in. 
Asher strode to Bella's side, forcefully prying Wyatt's tightly clutched hand away from her wrist. "Dad, what can you achieve by throwing a tantrum at Bella now? You would only fall into the trap of some schemer. Also, you will hurt Bella like this. She's not only your precious daughter; she's also my beloved sister. Bella is already in tremendous pain. Please don't upset her further." 
Wyatt shook, finally realizing that his daughter's wrist had turned red from his tight grip-a sight that pierced his heart.
###chapter1229
"Asher... I'm sorry..." Bella leaned against her brother, whispering. 
Asher's heart was filled with guilt and bitterness. He shook his head, hugging Bella tightly. "My princess, what are you saying? You did nothing wrong, and you did not let anyone down. It's me who has been neglectful... I've let you down." 
Bella could only smile wryly, feeling helpless. 
She was too naive. 
She thought everything would be fine if she hid all the pain she endured. The man she loved would not need to bear the burden of guilt, and her family would not need to worry. 
However, the moment the truth was exposed, everything she had worked for was in vain. 
Asher hugged her tightly, his cold and sharp gaze pausing on Justin's ashen face for a second before looking away. "I've mobilized all the bodyguards in our family to surround this place. Before we resolve this matter, nobody from the Hoffman family will be able to leave." 
His gaze was enough to shatter Justin's last glimmer of hope. 
Justin's sins were unforgivable. Justin thought he loved Bella the most but never expected to hurt her to this extent. 
Justin did not deserve Bella, nor did he deserve to have hope... 
The crowd did not think much of it, wanting to stay to watch the show. 
Only Logan panicked, pointing at Asher while shouting, "Asher! This is illegal detention! I can sue you!"
"Do as you will! But Zoe invaded Ms. Bella's privacy, obtaining her personal information through illegal means and revealing it to the public, causing an extremely negative impact! For these despicable and evil actions, the Thompson family can also sue her!" 
Steven changed into a proper suit outside the door and walked in quickly, showing no signs of fatigue, as if he had not been injured at all. 
Afraid of frightening the others, he simply covered his injured left eye with a piece of gauze. When he heard of what happened to Bella, he immediately rushed over without regard for his injuries. 
He knew Justin would protect her, but he still wanted to do what was within his abilities. 
Of course, Amelia fully supported his actions. 
"Steve..." Bella's eyes flickered, choking up. 
"Tsk, I didn't expect the Hoffman family's precious daughter to be so ignorant of the laws." 
Another crisp voice sounded. Arnold slowly walked to Steven's side, curling his lips in disdain while looking at Zoe. "However, instead of calling you ignorant, it's more accurate to say that you're an idiot whose brain is full of shit. You thought you were in control of the situation, but you used the stupidest way to expose others' privacy. You not only revealed your despicable personality but also set yourself up. You're fucking dumb." 
Asher frowned slightly, his pursed lips curling up. 
Arnold had only returned to the country for a short time, but he's learned to speak quite vulgarly. 
"In my opinion, we don't need to go through the trouble of a lawsuit. The surveillance cameras here must have recorded everything that happened, right? Someone must have taken a video of that scene
as well. Once we post it online, Ms. Hoffman's reputation will be ruined. At that time, she's probably better off burying herself in a hole because the whole society will be looking down on her." 
Wyatt was stunned. He did not expect Mila's nephew to be here, much less siding with the Thompson family. 
Also, why was he so good at speaking? He had such a sharp tongue! 
"You... Do you guys think the Hoffman family is an easy target you can toss around however you like?!" 
Logan's eyes widened, and he slammed his crutch fiercely on the ground. "I want all the security members here! Even if we have to fight a way out, we must leave tonight!" 
"Grandfather, are you getting old and confused, or are you too mad to remember?" 
Ryan yawned lazily. "Have you forgotten? The Hoffman family's security team is under my command. Who would dare to move without my word?"
###chapter1230
Logan suddenly remembered that Ryan had been taking charge of the Hoffman family's security team for many years. 
He handed over the security team to Ryan because he thought it was not a key department in the company and wanted Ryan to have something to do. 
However, this move has now restrained Logan. 
"I've cooperated with Mr. Asher to surround this place completely." 
Ryan narrowed his eyes, his gaze like frost. "Grandfather, I don't want to make things difficult for you. As long as Zoe pays the price for her actions, confesses her wrongdoings, and reflects on them, you all will be able to leave." 
"Ryan! How dare you!" Logan was so mad that veins bulged on his neck! 
"Who's the one being daring?!" 
Justin suddenly glared at Logan viciously with his bloodshot eyes, like a lion waking up from its slumber, with murderous intent flashing in his eyes. A dangerous and bloodthirsty chill came from him. 
"Who couldn't differentiate between right and wrong, aiding this evil woman? Who's the one repeatedly scheming against and harming my woman because of someone backing them up?! It's you! Your granddaughter is worse than an animal!" 
The crowd was intimidated by Justin's oppressive vibe. They panicked and dared not to breathe loudly. 
Tears welled up in Bella's eyes, and she stared at him passionately. 
She still loved Justin so much, and she was delighted to hear him stand up for her.
Anger burned in Justin's chest, so much so that he could only taste blood in his mouth. His expression was cold and stern, the muscles hiding beneath his suit bulging into a terrifying shape, spreading to his iron-like fists. 
Anger and pain filled his body with destructive power. 
Everything indestructible felt like it would be destroyed with one punch from him. 
"Anyone who dares to protect Zoe Hoffman will become my enemy from now on. I will do everything within my power to torture them, making sure they live a life worse than death. If you don't believe it, try me!' Logan had roamed the streets since he was a teenager, experiencing blood and violence and fighting turf wars with other gangs. He had seen all kinds of battles. 
However, in front of this youngster, he panicked. Fear rose within him. 
"Grandpa... Bring me away... Grandpa!" Zoe shook Logan madly, who went stiff. She was so frightened that she could not even cry. 
She thought, 'Was this old geezer really scared of Justin? Did he back down because of a few threats?! He was becoming more useless as he got old!' "Zoe Hoffman..." 
Bella endured the intense pain in her heart, steadied her mind, left Asher's arms, and walked closer to Zoe. 
Zoe was on her own now. No matter how much she hated Bella or how much she wanted Bella dead, she could not act arrogantly now. She merely wanted to hide. "I only have one question." 
Bella closed her eyes, and when she reopened them, a chilling air emanated from her body. "Where did you get my medical report?"
The crowd's sharp gazes gathered on Zoe's red and swollen face. 
Bella's casual question hit the nail on the head. 
"Yes. I'm curious about Ms. Bella's question."
###chapter1231
Arnold sashayed up to Asher, looking at Zoe sharply. "I'm also a doctor. I know how confidential these medical reports are. Any doctor with a shred of professionalism would not give this document to someone other than the patient. Therefore, Ms. Hoffman, you must have bribed Ms. Bella's attending doctor back then, right? If so, let's also capture that heartless doctor and handle them together. We'll have eyewitnesses." 
Asher's handsome brows furrowed, and he nodded understandingly. 
"Oh, who's this good-looking man?" 
"Probably another of Ms. Bella's knights in shining armor." 
Arnold rolled his eyes angrily in his heart. 'Knight in shining armor? What nonsense!' 
He was not a knight in shining armor. Instead, he wanted to do Bella a favor to please the man beside him. 
"It's not the doctor! It has nothing to do with the doctor!" 
Zoe broke down and yelled out in panic. 
"What do you mean? Didn't you get the medical report from the doctor? Then who did you get it from?" Ryan questioned coldly. 
"..." 
Zoe clenched her fists tightly, her gaze flickering in unease and panic, unable to say a word after a long time.
"Zoe, if Father is watching us from heaven and sees how you ruined his integrity by doing such evil deeds, even refusing to admit it, he might wish for a bolt of lightning to strike you dead." 
Ryan fiercely tore off his tie and threw it on the ground, his patience reaching its limits. "Do you refuse to speak? Guards! Capture her and send her straight to the police station! 
"If we can't get the truth out of her, someone else can!" 
The bodyguards behind him wanted to rush forward after hearing his orders. Zoe trembled in fear and ran to Logan's arms again, complaining as tears and snot stained her face. "Grandpa! How could Ryan treat me like this?! He wants his own sister dead!" 
"Ryan, enough! She is your sister! Must you humiliate her in front of so many people, ruining her reputation like this?" 
Seeing that force did not work, Logan could only resort to soft persuasion. "Even if Zoe was in the wrong, she is still young. It's possible that someone with ulterior motives was instigating her and leading her down the wrong way! Anyway... I don't believe my granddaughter would do something like this! How could she think of asking the doctor for Bella's medical report? Someone must have manipulated her! That person might be someone close to Bella. How else could they gather such information?!" 
The old geezer had been foolish for the whole night, but his words carried some reason at this moment. 
Bella's and Justin's eyes darkened. 
Indeed. Zoe was wicked and foul, but she was not intelligent enough. Even if she was, how could she think of investigating Bella's medical report, let alone dig up such private information? 
The only people who knew of this secret apart from her doctor and Matt were Wyatt's wives.
Matt and Wyatt's wives would never speak a word of it, and the doctor was an old acquaintance of Nigel. Matt was very vigilant. The softcopy of the report had long been deleted from the system, leaving no records. 
Who could have the ability to recover the files and be so well-informed about her miscarriage years ago?! 
Instantly, Bella felt a chill run down her spine. 
It was as if a pair of invisible eyes had been spying on her in the dark for many years. 
"Grandfather, speaking too much must be exhausting. You're getting old and need to take care of yourself."
###chapter1232
Ryan's cold smile was sinister. "Even if Zoe wasn't the mastermind, she's an accomplice. Besides, we're not sure if that mastermind really exists. Since we caught her now, she must take responsibility. Bring 
her away!" 
"It's not me! I didn't plan this! I was used!" Zoe knew that she could not destroy Bella. 
Zoe could no longer keep it a secret, panicked, and ran to Ryan. "Ryan... I know my mistakes now. I won't do it in the future! But I am also a victim. Someone used me! He wants to ruin me... He might even aim to destroy the Hoffman Group!" 
Two streaks of black mascara streamed down Zoe's swollen and teary face. The crowd could not help but giggle when they saw it. 
Zoe sobbed, reaching out her trembling hand to grab Ryan. 
Ryan's brow twitched, and he immediately stepped back, looking disgusted as if a bucket of dirty water was about to splash on him. 
Zoe missed and fell on her knees with a thud, bowing deeply to everyone. 
The marble floor nearly crushed her kneecaps, making her cry louder in pain. 
"What happened? Speak up!" Ryan growled and glared at her. 
"I... A few days ago, I received an anonymous call from a stranger." 
Justin frowned. "Can't you recognize the voice?" 
"He used a voice-changer, probably afraid that I'd recognize him."
Zoe was afraid of taking the fall herself, so she confessed everything. "I know nothing about him, but he knew everything about me and all of you! He knew how desperate I was to marry Justin, so he took hold of my weakness and gave me Bella's private information. He asked me to expose it at a suitable time..." 
"Ha... Suitable time? You're indeed good at picking the time." Asher and the others were furious, wanting to give this bitch another few slaps. 
"Fuck! Do you do everything he asks? Will you eat shit if he asks you to?" Ryan felt his fists tightening. 
Bella's brows furrowed as she was deep in thought. 
This time, Zoe used her trauma to attack her, aiming to destroy their relationship, which proved successful. 
Some time ago, her relationship with Justin encountered a crisis, which was during the hotel incident. 
At this moment, she linked the two incidents together, feeling that the methods were equally cunning and despicable, striking directly at the heart. 
Zoe's idiotic brain could not have devised such a roundabout plan. This man must have been her strategic adviser. 
Bella asked coldly, "This man also used you to set Justin up at the hotel, wasn't it?" 
The crowd was stunned. 
Therefore, the fact that everyone believed Justin abandoned Zoe was also a trap she set up. 
Logan's eyes widened with disbelief, his lips trembling.
Did Zoe really plan it? Did she even abandon her dignity to marry Justin? When did his precious granddaughter, whom he cared for and raised with love, become so despicable and terrifying?! Justin's throat bobbed dryly, his tears blurring his vision. 
Bella was the most aggrieved and hurt, but even now, she still thought of seeking every chance possible to clear his name. 
Justin curled his lips bitterly, shaking his head in painful realization.
###chapter1233
Justin saved Bella's life multiple times, but compared to the harm he brought her, those sacrifices he thought to be so great were nothing but dust in the wind. 
"No... No!" 
Zoe stubbornly denied it, her forehead full of cold sweat. "The hotel incident had nothing to do with that man!" 
Bella smiled coldly, not pressing further. 
That was because Zoe's guilty expression had already given her the answer. 
"Bella, do you have anything else to ask her?" Ryan's gentle gaze turned towards Bella. 
Bella shook her head lightly. 
"Okay. Take her away." Ryan waved his hand. 
Zoe's eyes widened. "Where are you taking me?" 
"The police station." 
Zoe felt as if she were struck by lightning. She stepped back madly, her voice sharp with anger. "Ryan! You played me! Didn't you say you'd let me go if I confessed?!" "Let you go? Did I say that? You imagined it yourself." 
Ryan turned around and no longer looked at her, as if it were a ceremony of them breaking ties. "Zoe, I've said that I'll punish you if God doesn't. Nobody can stop me, including Grandfather." 
Two bodyguards strode forward, each taking one of Zoe's arms and dragging her out. Her legs were weak and dragging on the floor, and her hair was messy. One of her high heels even fell off. She
looked disheveled, like a witch about to be burned at the stakes in ancient times. 
"Grandpa! Save me! Grandpa!" 
However, even until Zoe was dragged out of the banquet hall, Logan did not act. 
What else could he do? 
His incompetent granddaughter had nearly ruined the respectable reputation he had built up over the decade! If he took her side in front of so many people, he would be shaming the Hoffman family. 
After this earth-shattering drama, the people from the four prestigious families could not stay any longer. The Reeds could not continue the banquet and ended it hastily. 
Wyatt did not give Justin any chance to explain himself. He forcefully pushed Bella into his car, locked the door, and drove toward Hatchbay immediately. 
Asher gave his ride to Steven and Amelia. The couple headed towards Hatchbay as well, having the chance to talk on the way. 
Moreover, Amelia was not in a good state now, and only Steven could soothe her inner trauma. 
Asher stood in the parking lot alone, watching the Thompson family cars drive further away until they vanished from his sight. 
Then, he reached his trembling hand into his suit's inner pocket and pulled out the crumpled medical report. 
Asher read through it carefully again. With every word, he felt his heart contract with pain, as if pierced through by chilling knives. In the end, he could not hold it back. His tears stained the paper, blurring the cruel words.
At this moment, heavy footsteps sounded in the silent parking lot. 
Asher took a deep breath and quickly wiped away the tears from the corner of his eyes before he turned around slowly. 
Justin stood a few steps away. The sadness in him rose like a tide in his eyes, silently overflowing and extinguishing the bright sparkle.
###chapter1234
"Asher..." 
Justin felt as if his throat was crushed by a giant wheel, leaving his voice so hoarse that it was barely audible. 
"Justin Salvador!" 
With eyes blazing crimson with anger, Asher surged forward like a wild beast, heading straight for the motionless Justin. 
As Asher's fists approached Justin's cheek, the latter remained unmoved. 
Justin thought, 'Go ahead, hit me. I deserve it.' 
Even if Asher beat him to death, Justin would not have uttered a word of complaint. 
"Asher! Don't do it!" 
Just as Asher's iron fist was about to strike Justin, Arnold intervened, wrapping his arms tightly around Asher from behind! 
"Let go of me!" Asher bit his lip until it bled, yet it was his heart that was bleeding. 
"I won't!" 
Arnold's arms trembled around Asher's waist as he gasped for breath. "What's the point of hitting him?! Can it bring back what Bella's lost?!" "But... He deserves it!" 
Asher's cheeks twitched with anger as he struggled against Arnold's embrace, tears welling up again. "Why can't he just disappear?! My sister... She can never have children again! She's lost the chance to be a mother forever! And it's all because of you! Justin... Why can't you just disappear?!"
Why can't he just disappear? 
Yes, indeed. Justin deserved every bit of condemnation. 
Justin appeared like a lifeless figure, drained of vitality and spirit, his features bleak and desolate. 
Arnold could not help but notice Justin's pitiful appearance. Justin's wet, dark hair dripped with water, droplets tracing paths down his once handsome but now pale face. 
Justin's once impeccable suit had become thoroughly drenched, and his pants and shoes were covered in mud, rendering them unrecognizably dirty. 
As it turned out, it had started raining just as Bella's father took her away. 
Justin had chased after the Thompsons' car in the heavy downpour, running a long distance, only to miss catching a glimpse of Bella. 
He muttered remorsefully, his spirit shattered, "It's all my fault... I'm to blame for this... I'm sorry..." 
"Justin, do you know how deeply Bella cherishes the idea of having kids? Do you realize how much she yearned to have a child with you?!" 
Asher, typically a towering figure of strength, now broke down in tears, which streamed down his face uncontrollably. "Throughout the three years of being your wife, she told us countless times that she dreamed of being a mother. Even when recalling her marriage with you, which was merely a facade, and your apathy toward her, she would call me late at night, crying in secret..." 
Justin's heart clenched violently, as if pierced by a poisoned blade, spreading agonizing pain throughout his body and overwhelming his senses and consciousness. 
His eyes were red, and his shoulders shuddered violently.
All he could feel was unbearable agony, as if every muscle and bone in his body were twisting while the world collapsed around him. 
The pain was unbearable. 
"I had no idea... I really had no idea." 
Tears welled up in Justin's eyes, his pale lips trembling as he struggled to speak clearly. "If only I had known... I..." 
"You didn't know about it?" 
In his extreme fury, Asher's words forced a bitter laugh out of him. "You were unaware of your one-night stand with Bella, unaware of her being pregnant with your child?! Are you playing dumb, or are you truly clueless? But either way, I can no longer forgive you. If I were to entrust Bella to a heartless man like you, then I wouldn't be a good brother." 
Upon hearing this, Arnold sighed in resignation. 
Despite being back in the country for quite some time now and experiencing numerous intense events with them, Arnold understood the depth of Justin's affection for Bella. 
However, the three years of fruitless marriage had left Bella deeply scarred.
###chapter1235
Putting himself in Bella's shoes, Arnold thought that Bella might still suffer from the torment of self- doubt in the future if she knew she could not conceive again. Enduring such agony would gradually diminish Bella's happiness. 
Justin and Bella were plagued by many hardships and trapped in an unsolvable dilemma. 
However, not wanting to worsen the situation, Arnold could only earnestly persuade him. "Ash, no matter what, Mr. Salvador has saved you and Bella from harm repeatedly. Without his sacrifice, how could you have returned alive? That way, I won't even be able to see you again! Your actions will only cause more pain to others. That includes Bella, too!" 
Asher's eyes remained bloodshot, but he slowly lowered his clenched fists. 
"Justin, you've saved my life once, so I'll spare yours. But from now on, don't ever show up in front of me again. Don't show up in front of Bella, either. I can forgive the past hurts you inflicted on her, but I can't overlook this one." 
With that, Asher gritted his teeth and turned to leave. 
Arnold silently observed the pale-faced Justin and reluctantly followed behind. 
"Please... Give me another chance! Give me one last opportunity to make amends!" 
Justin's cheeks were streaked with tears, reminiscent of Bella's pleading when she begged him not to divorce her. He appeared even more pitiful and desperate than she had at that time. "I truly love Bella with all my heart. I beg you to give me one last chance. Just one last chance! Let me atone for my sins. Let me make things right!" 
"Sure."
With a chilling tone and chuckle, Asher brutally dashed the hope he had just raised, smashing it into countless pieces. "Restore my sister's body to its original state with a healthy uterus, then I won't stand in your way of being together." 
Justin could not recall how he had walked out of the parking lot. 
The intense headache that had plagued him previously returned with a vengeance. His ears buzzed with a cacophony of mocking voices, as if countless demons were jeering at his foolishness. 
'Justin, you deserved all of this. You really deserve it! You deserve to die!' 
"Justin!" 
Despite Ryan shouting at him countless times from behind, Justin remained deaf to it all, standing in the rain like a zombie. 
Suddenly, the headache intensified, making him stagger. 
The relentless downpour made it seem like the world was blurring together, as if time and space were in disarray. 
If it were not for Ryan rushing to Justin's side in time and supporting him, he might have fallen heavily into the puddle right in front of him. 
"Justin! Hang in there!" 
Ryan held his trembling body tightly, his eyes filled with urgency. "You can't give up on Bella. Don't even think about giving up on yourself. Can't you see? Bella still loves you deeply, and since you love her just as much, you need to gather yourself together and confront all the challenges!" 
"Her health... I've ruined it... Ryan, what should I do?"
Justin's handsome face turned pale with distress. "What can I do? How can I restore what she lost?" 
"There has to be a way! With today's advanced medical technology, as long as you have enough money, there's hardly any incurable illness. With sufficient money, even in the case of a terminal condition, one can prolong their lifespan significantly. Let's think of a solution together. Bella's health will surely improve! But if you give up on her, then you're truly harming her. In that case, your relationship with Bella will be over!" Ryan cried out in the rain. 
Justin clutched his head with both hands, gasping in pain. "Back then... I told Bella that I liked children. I even told her that I wanted to have children with her. If I had known... If I had known this had happened, why would I even mention having children? Why did I bring up having children? What difference does it make to live a lifetime without children? How can I be so selfish?!" 
Ryan also felt uneasy, shaking his head in frustration. 
Despite facing immense pressure, Bella bravely chose to let go of her emotional burdens and love Justin again. 
Yet, even so, her heart must still ache silently whenever Justin mentions having children. 
"Justin, I think the right thing to do now is to figure out what happened to Bella's lost child. Only then can we come up with a plan and address the issue properly." Justin forcefully tugged at his hair, desperately trying to remember something. 
According to the medical report, Bella was already pregnant for two months at the time of the miscarriage.
###chapter1236
So, what exactly happened two months after Justin and Bella became intimate? "Mr. Salvador!" 
lan ran over, panting heavily in the pouring rain, looking worried. "Old Master Nigel couldn't reach you, so he asked Mr. Upton to contact me. He knows about what happened at the banquet. Please head to Crescent Bay to see him immediately!" 
* 
At the banquet hosted by the Reeds, Zoe publicly revealed Bella's infertility, causing a significant uproar that evening. 
Due to the elevated level of security, no media was present at the event. Moreover, given the influence of the Thompsons and the Hoffmans, even if someone dared to record the event, they would not dare leak it to the press or post it online without permission. 
If either family discovered the breach of privacy, serious repercussions would ensue. After all, the guests present were all influential figures, making it extremely easy to investigate. 
However, no secret would remain hidden indefinitely. News traveled fast, even behind closed doors. 
Nigel, who was seated at home, heard about the news. 
He was fully aware of the events at the banquet and was so enraged that he almost suffered a heart attack. 
Mr. Upton was so terrified that he immediately called Nigel's doctor to the residence, ready for medical assistance at any time. 
"Anna! My dear Anna!"
Upon learning that Bella was once pregnant with the Salvadors' heir, Nigel was shocked and devastated, tears streaming down his face uncontrollably. "You foolish child! How could you treat pregnancy, such a significant matter, with such recklessness? Losing the child is one thing, but how are you going to bear the responsibility for her poor health?! Why does my dear Anna have to endure such suffering?" 
Matt gently patted Nigel's vigorously trembling back, feeling as if a fire was tormenting his heart. 
The image of Bella bleeding and pleading with him to keep it a secret from years ago remained clear in his mind, and reflecting on it now was still as heartbreaking as ever. 
After careful consideration, Matt was about to speak when Gregory interrupted. "Father, given your already fragile health, you must not let your emotions get the better of you." "How can I not be emotional?! The child Anna carried was Justin's, the future of the Salvador family. How can I not feel heartache and guilt over the sudden loss of my great-grandchild?" Nigel lamented deeply, and at that moment, Justin, looking disheartened, entered the room with heavy steps. 
"Grandpa..." 
"Justin, where's Anna? Did Wyatt take her back home?" Nigel asked urgently. 
Justin nodded heavily, his throat constricted with emotion, rendering him unable to speak. 
"How could you be so careless and clueless?!" 
Nigel slammed the coffee table in frustration. He almost wished he could go up and slap his incompetent grandson. "Anna is your partner, your companion! How could you not even know that she was pregnant? Have you lost your mind?"
"Father, please stop blaming it on Justin. It's all in the past now, and there's no point in bringing it up anymore." 
Gregory lowered his eyes, his expression dripping with indifference. "Besides, you knew Justin didn't love Bella back then, yet you insisted on forcing them together. You pressured Justin so much that he didn't want to come home. How could he possibly care about anything else? Bella didn't even mention her pregnancy to him, and she kept it a secret when she lost the baby. I'm guessing she didn't even realize that she was pregnant back then. So, it's unfair to blame this on our family. She lacked experience and was careless, which led to this unfortunate situation. Both families are equally embarrassed by this." Justin felt a sharp stab piercing through his heart, igniting flames of anger in his darkened eyes. The muscles beneath his damp suit tensed like steel, and his veins throbbed audibly! 
As his pale lips parted to speak, Nigel exploded in fury, seizing a teacup from the table and hurling it at Gregory! 
"Ugh-!" 
Gregory felt a sharp pain in his forehead, and his vision momentarily blurred as he stumbled backward. 
The teacup struck him right on the forehead, instantly swelling into a large bruise with blood mingling with the redness! 
"Father...Y-You!" 
"I'll damn well hit you, you heartless and cruel bastard! You couldn't care less about the child, and now you want to pin it all on a defenseless woman? Are you even a man?!" 
Nigel's anger knew no bounds. His face turned pale with rage. "Before this, I thought that vile woman, Shannon, was the one misleading you! But now, it seems birds of a feather flock together. You two are
really a match made in heaven! There isn't a single decent thing about either of you!"
###chapter1237
Accustomed to a life of luxury and privilege since he was born, Gregory had never experienced such humiliation and indignity before. 
Besides, it happened right in front of his son! 
This completely shattered his pride, and he felt utterly humiliated. 
"I'll smack some conscience into you!" 
Nigel was about to pick up the purple clay teapot and throw it but was promptly stopped by his secretary, Matt. "Please calm down, Old Master!" 
Gregory covered his head injury, gritting his teeth in fury. "Instead of favoring your own blood, you chose to favor Wyatt's daughter, turning a blind eye to our family's interests! You seem to have lost your senses entirely! Wyatt and his daughter are constantly going against the Salvadors. At the banquet, they even snatched away the Journey Ventures' multibillion-dollar equestrian hotel project from us! If it weren't for the KS Group's interference, that project would've belonged to the Salvador Corporation!" 
Not content with just complaining to Nigel, Gregory turned his head and pointed accusingly at Justin. "And you! Instead of supporting your own family's business, you've gone as far as to act as a matchmaker for the Thompsons, arranging cooperation between the KS Group and the Reeds! Your elder brother is far away in Meridan, unwell, but he still knows how to contribute to the family! And you, for the sake of a woman, gave up on our family's interests! As the company's CEO, this is a serious dereliction of duty! You must bear full responsibility for the failure of this cooperation!" 
Justin's eyes were like dim stars buried at the bottom of a well. His voice was heavy with emotion. "But that's not the only responsibility I have to bear, right?” Gregory was startled. "What?"
"I openly opposed your plan for me to marry into the Hoffman family. Surely, you haven't forgotten that, right?" 
The man's dark, chilling gaze sent shivers down one's spine. "Didn't you say that if I didn't agree to marry Zoe Hoffman, you'd kick me out of the Salvador family? Now, with the Hoffmans in trouble and Zoe exposing Bella's miscarriage in front of everyone, tarnishing her reputation and stirring up trouble, are you conveniently avoiding the marriage proposal to steer clear of the scandal?" 
Matt was deeply alarmed, and his back was soaked in cold sweat. 
How could this be possible?! 
Almost no one knew about Bella's miscarriage, so how did Zoe find out?! 
"Justin... Y-You!" Gregory was infuriated by his son's revelation. 
"Marriage?! To that wretched girl from the Hoffman family?!" 
Upon hearing this, Nigel nearly lost his grip on the purple clay teapot, trembling with rage. "Gregory! Are you out of your mind?! You're rejecting someone as excellent and filial as Anna and instead letting Justin marry that conniving wench?! She exposed the miscarriage incident just to sabotage Justin's relationship with Anna! How disgusting and malicious is that? And you still want Justin to marry her?! Why don't you marry her yourself?!" 
"Father!" 
"I can overlook your poor judgment of character and your shamelessness. But don't even think about leading my grandson down your path!" 
Nigel's eyes widened in fury. Despite his age, they remained sharp as ever. "And don't you dare try to shift the blame for the lost project on my grandson or tarnish Anna's reputation! Even though I wasn't at
this year's horse racing event, I know what happened! The Hoffmans tampered with the Thompsons' horse. Yet, Anna still achieved an outstanding first place in the competition! She earned her opportunity through her own efforts. You can't just tarnish and manipulate her reputation with just a few words!" 
"Grandpa..." Justin's chest heaved with stifled breaths, his eyes reddening with emotion. 
As always, Nigel continued to care, trust, and support Bella. 
It was the same three years ago, and it remains so today. 
Back then, Nigel repeatedly reminded him to treat Bella well, emphasizing that she was an exceptional girl worth cherishing. Yet, what did Justin do? 
He ruined everything, absolutely everything. 
"In any case... My granddaughter-in-law can only be Anna! Apart from Anna, I want no one else!" 
Nigel reaffirmed his stance firmly, leaving no room for debate. "If Justin owes Anna something, the Salvadors owe her even more. Once I'm gone, I won't be able to control things anymore. But mark my words, Gregory. Don't you dare match Justin with any of those inappropriate women!" 
Enraged and humiliated, Gregory yelled furiously while sporting that absurdly flushed face. "Justin's health is in jeopardy. After years of being on medication, the doctor says his chances of fathering a child are almost zero! And now you want to bring Bella into the family. Are you trying to end our family lineage, leaving the Salvadors without an heir?!" 
Upon hearing this, Nigel trembled violently. "W-What do you mean?"
###chapter1238
Gregory said, "That miscarriage left Bella unable to conceive again! Do you really want such a woman to marry Justin? Justin is the sole hope for the Salvadors' future. If you let him marry Bella, who will inherit our trillion-dollar family business?! Bethany and Carrie? Are they capable of handling this responsibility?! 
Justin felt as though his heart had undergone another devastating blow. 
"H-How is that possible?" Nigel was utterly bewildered, as if his heart were dripping blood. 
"That's her personal problem. Why should the entire Salvador family suffer for it?! She can only blame it on her bad luck and lack of blessings!" 
"That's not the truth!" 
Suddenly, damp with sweat, Matt rushed forward and exclaimed loudly. "It's nothing like what you've described!" 
The three Salvador men were dumbfounded. 
Matt had been with the Salvadors for over thirty years. He was known for his calm and gentle personality and for always being thorough and meticulous in his work. It was unprecedented for him to act so impulsively. 
"Uncle Matt, do you know something?" 
Justin quickly picked up on his reluctance to speak and asked urgently, tears welling in his eyes, "You know something about it, don't you?!" 
Matt tightly shut his eyes, tears of guilt streaming down his face.
In the next moment, with a sudden thud, he dropped to his knees before them. 
"Uncle Matt!" 
"Matt!" 
Nigel was both shocked and concerned, forcefully slapping his thigh. "Get up now! What's the matter? Why are you doing this?!" 
Justin hurried forward to help Matt up, but Matt remained stubbornly on his knees. 
"It's all my fault... It's all my fault. I should've spoken up sooner. If I had, Ms. Thompson and Young Master Justin wouldn't be in this situation now..." Matt choked back tears as he spoke intermittently, "Back then... I was present when Ms. Thompson had a miscarriage." 
Justin's pupils quivered as he exclaimed, "What did you say? You were there?!" 
"Matt! What's going on?! Why were you there?!" 
Nigel's heart raced with anxiety, his throat burning with impatience. "You're usually so articulate. Why are you hesitating now? Tell us about it now!" 
"It was the car accident... It was all because of that car accident!" 
Matt thought to himself, 'I'm sorry, Young Madam. I can't keep this secret for you any longer.' 
"C-Car accident?" 
Justin's mind raced, suddenly remembering the incident. It was almost three years ago.
When Justin returned from abroad, he found out that his grandfather was in the hospital due to an accident, yet Bella was not there to care for him. She had disappeared for a while, claiming there were family matters to attend to. 
"Christmas... Was it that Christmas?!" Nigel immediately grasped the connection. 
Matt nodded heavily, his choked words difficult to express. "On Christmas three years ago, Chairman Salvador and Young Master Justin, along with the Young Ladies, were all away from Savrow... Only Ms. Thompson braved the snowstorm to accompany you for the holiday..." 
Suddenly, Justin felt a tightening sensation in his chest, as if the air around him had become thin, making it hard for him to catch his breath. 
"You said you wanted to visit Old Madam Deborah, so Ms. Thompson drove you there. Later, you both went to the seaside, where you and Old Madam Deborah went on dates when you were young... It was supposed to be a beautiful day. But you two got into an accident on the way back." 
Tears streamed down Matt's face as he continued, "Ms. Thompson was also injured and did everything she could to get you to the hospital. Then, she started experiencing severe abdominal pain. And then... I watched helplessly as... Blood flowed from under her skirt..." 
"My poor Anna! Why were you so naive?!" Nigel lamented, shaking his head repeatedly in remorse with tears in his eyes.
###chapter1239
Justin's heart clenched painfully, as if a blunt knife with thorns ground his heart into a bloody pulp. 
Upon hearing this, Gregory, usually cold as stone, subtly furrowed his brows. 
"Ms. Thompson was afraid that you and Young Master Justin would worry, so she begged me to keep this a secret for her. I considered your fragile state at the time, afraid of causing you further distress, and also weighed the repercussions of revealing Ms. Thompson's infertility, which could potentially ruin her prospects in the Salvador family." 
"And just because of that, you decided to listen to her? Were you out of your mind?! How old was she back then? She was just a young girl back then. What could she possibly know?!" Nigel lamented with a heavy heart. 
"It's all my fault, Old Master and Young Master Justin. Please punish me as you see fit. I'll accept any punishment..." 
Bella... 
Why were you so naive?! 
Before Matt could finish his sentence, Justin left them behind and sprinted out of the villa. 
"Young Master Justin?!" 
Matt was about to chase after him, but Nigel stopped him. "Just let him go! This is the emotional debt Justin owes and my shortfall to Anna. I'm afraid I may never fully repay it with my old age, so let Justin spend the rest of his life making amends for it properly." 
Torrential rain fell. The camera flashes crackled relentlessly, exposing Zoe's pale and terrified face, piercing even more intensely than lightning.
"Ms. Hoffman! Don't you think exposing Ms. Thompson's infertility in public like this is a bit too much?!" 
"Did you get that medical report through bribery, or did someone give it to you in secret?!" 
"Are you revealing Ms. Thompson's privacy to ruin her relationship with Mr. Salvador so you can marry into the Salvador family yourself?!" 
Countless reporters swarmed outside the police station like bloodthirsty sharks catching the scent of prey, swiftly converging on the scene of the police escorting Zoe. 
The cameras and microphones were all aimed at her. The rain drenched her, and the crowd jostled her continuously. She was disheveled and reeked of body odor. The scene could not get any worse. 
Zoe had handcuffs on her wrists, yet considering her status as a member of the Hoffman family, the police wrapped a white cloth around her hands to cover the handcuffs. 
Yet even so, she felt utterly ashamed. 
Just a few hours ago, she was the proud heiress of a wealthy family. Now, she had become nothing more than a prisoner. 
Everything was over... Her dream of becoming the wife of a CEO was shattered! 
Ryan issued a strict order, refusing to provide her with any public relations assistance or legal representation. He left her to fend for herself. 
However, Logan would have helped her by deploying people for online control and actively blocking information. 
But why were so many reporters still approaching her? 
Why?!
"Heh, this foolish woman will probably never find out how things came to this point until her dying day." 
Taylor stood beside Christopher, watching the news of Zoe's arrest on the large screen with a smirk. 
"Mr. Iverson, Ever since you decided to bring her into the game, she was already headed for a dead end. But this woman is truly useless. With the hotel scandal previously, she couldn't handle Justin, and now she's dragged herself into this mess again. Ryan has completely given up on her, and only Logan is still siding with her. But even if that old guy is as cunning as a fox, he's no match for you. You've pushed her into the abyss by getting those reporters to hound her." 
Christopher's cold, refined features bore a mysterious smile as he elegantly swirled his glass of red wine. 
Though his smile appeared charming, his eyes lurking behind his gold-rimmed glasses betrayed a hint of cruelty. 
"Useless pawns should be treated as trash." 
Christopher took a sip of wine, his gaze fixed on the scene of Zoe's arrest, and his smile deepening. "However, Ms. Hoffman is not entirely without merit. Without her, how could this matter have escalated to such a level, achieving results beyond my expectations?" 
"It was wise of you not to attend the banquet tonight. In such chaotic circumstances, it's best to avoid raising suspicion." 
"However, avoidance is no longer an option now." 
With Christopher rising gracefully from his seat, Taylor promptly moved forward to adjust his coat and tie. "With the nuisance out of the way, it's time for the true protagonist to appear."
###chapter1240
Tonight at Yara Park, the lights were bright, signaling a sleepless night ahead. 
Wyatt, who had an insatiable passion for collecting antiques, was in rage tonight, smashing several million-dollar antique vases. 
In an instant, millions of dollars worth of porcelain pieces lay scattered on the ground! 
Wyatt's three wives stood stiffly in front of him, with Celeste anxiously holding Mila's hand and Sasha feeling uneasy. 
"So... You all knew..." 
Wyatt's body shook with rage as his blood boiled. "You all knew... Yet, you hid it from me for three years... Three fucking years?!" 
"Wyatt, we kept it from you because we didn't want you to be upset or hurt." 
Mila tried to remain composed as she spoke softly. "Your health hasn't been great these years. Especially with this kind of news... It would've been unbearable for you." "Haha... Hahaha..." 
Wyatt's towering figure wobbled, pointing at them with eyes ablaze with rage. "You... The way you sought to please me was by keeping me completely unaware for three whole years that Bella married that jerk Justin? Even when her health got ruined, you kept it from me, her own father? Is this what you call looking out for me?!" 
"Wyatt! Please don't misunderstand. Mila didn't mean it like that." 
With tears in her eyes, Celeste tried to speak for Mila but was sharply interrupted by Wyatt.
"Hehe... As expected. After all, you're not her birth mother. How could you truly care for Bella? You all put on such a show for me, pretending to be happy together. It's all an act, isn't it? Since none of you are her birth mother, how could you possibly cherish her for real?" 
"Wyatt! How could you say such things?!" 
Sasha glared angrily with her narrow eyes, blocking their path, but was promptly pulled back by Mila. "I've been with you for almost twenty years, and Mila and Celeste have been with the Thompson family longer! Even if we were acting, it'd be easy to keep up with it for a year or two, but who can keep up the act for ten or twenty years?! Do you think we don't feel heartbroken over the fact that Bella can never have children again? When we found out about this back then, it hurt us a thousand times more than it hurt you now!" 
As she spoke, Sasha unexpectedly burst into tears, shocking everyone, including Wyatt. 
Sasha rarely sheds tears. Even when she got shot twice while saving Wyatt's life all those years ago, she shed only blood, not tears. 
But now, unable to bear the sadness any longer, she wept uncontrollably. "After the car accident happened, Bella feared that you and the Salvadors would find out, so she hid in a small hospital in Savrow for a whole month. During that month, the three of us took turns caring for her. To cure Bella's infertility, Mila even went back to the Larson family home and kneeled at their door, begging her father to treat Bella." Wyatt's pupils constricted abruptly. His heartstrings were taut with emotion. 
He knew Mila's character well. She had distanced herself from the Larson family, carrying herself with pride. 
But for Bella, she was willing to kneel before her estranged family. That required a tremendous amount of courage. The situation at the time must have been more emotionally challenging for her than any physical harm.
"We knew that keeping it from you was wrong. But at the time, apart from helping Bella hide it, we didn't have better options." 
Celeste, too, could not contain her tears any longer. "Wyatt... What's the use of getting angry now? Even if you drive us away, what Bella has lost can never be regained." 
"How can it never be regained?! I refuse to accept that!" 
A furious roar shattered the heavy atmosphere. 
Axel's eyes were bloodshot as he stormed in, followed closely by Asher, fearing that his usually hot- tempered younger brother might do something extreme. 
"I can resign. I can quit my job. I'll take Bella all over the world to seek medical treatment. I'll bring her to seek treatment." 
Axel's tearful eyes betrayed his pain and reluctance. "I refuse to believe that nothing can cure Bella!" 
"Don't act rashly, Axel!" 
Asher grasped Axel's trembling shoulder firmly. "Being a prosecutor is the lifelong dream you've fought for. You've come a long way. You can't just give up now!" 
"But Bella..." 
"The ladies and I will find a way to help Bella. Besides, we have Camilla and her husband, too. With their high status and connections abroad, we might be able to find better doctors for Bella there than we can here."
###chapter1241
"Bella will get better. She will." 
Asher gritted his teeth against the pain, but his voice choked up before he could even finish the sentence. 
"What can I do... What else can I do..." 
Axel panicked, feeling more unsettled than he had in the last thirty years. He started pacing back and forth and muttering to himself. 
"Alright. I'll go deal with Justin then!" 
Just as he was about to rush out, Asher firmly blocked his way. 
"Enough! That's enough from all of you!" 
The hoarse and broken voice pierced everyone's hearts. 
Everyone looked up to see Bella standing stiffly halfway down the spiral staircase. Her once delicate and rosy complexion had lost its color and vitality. 
Seeing her in such a state pained everyone's heart. 
"It's been three years. It's all in the past! I don't care about it anymore! Why do you keep bringing it up again and again? Why do you keep talking about it endlessly?!" 
Bella's almond-shaped eyes blazed with anger, almost erupting in hysteria. "Must women bear children? Do I need children to survive? I don't like kids. I hate kids! I never once desired children. Never! I won't allow you all to cause trouble for Justin again. My miscarriage has nothing to do with him! It was an accident!"
"Where's Finley? Where's Quentin?! Didn't I tell you to keep an eye on her and not let her out of her room?!" Wyatt suppressed his tears and yelled angrily, "Get her back to her room!" 
"I want to go back to Savrow! I want to see Justin!" 
"Don't even dream about seeing him again! You won't see that scumbag again unless I'm dead!" 
The father-daughter duo had bantered and bickered for years, but now they have reached the breaking point. 
Bella's eyes were filled with tears. She hesitated for a moment before suddenly laughing. "Wyatt, are you truly that heartless? You've married one woman after another, yet I'm only asking for Justin. Why won't you allow it?" 
"Bella..." Asher's heart sank as he noticed his sister's emotions were on edge. 
"Well, are you afraid of the idea of me dying before you then?" 
The crowd gasped in shock, and Wyatt's three wives were frightened, covering their mouths in horror. 
"Bella! Don't say such things! It's not worth it to do this over Jerkface Justin!" Axel was so panicked that he could not articulate his words coherently. 
"Hmph! Bella, who do you think you're trying to scare?" 
Wyatt squinted his eyes and gritted his teeth. His heart was aching so much that it made breathing difficult for him. "A father knows his child best. How could you possibly be willing to die? If you truly wanted to die, you could've easily chosen the day you miscarried or the day Justin divorced you! Do you think I'll relent just because you're threatening to commit suicide now?" 
Bella was so frustrated that she clenched her teeth hard.
Wyatt was right. Indeed, Bella had no intention of actually dying. She was just trying to scare him a bit. 
But this time, Wyatt did not show any mercy at all. 
"Don't worry. I'm practically halfway to the grave already. Nowadays, I take off my shoes and socks in the morning, uncertain if I'll put them back on the next day. I'm afraid your wish of dying before me will not happen." 
"Dad, stop it! You know very well that Bella didn't mean it that way. Why did you say such harsh words to hurt each other?" Asher's eyes were full of anxiety. He could not bear seeing them hurt each other. Wyatt's heart was also aching deeply, but his words remained cold and stern. "For the sake of a jerk, she's willing to give up on her own father. So, why should I care about her feelings?" 
In the end, they still took Bella back to her room.
###chapter1242
Not only did they lock Bella's room door, but they also confiscated her phone, prohibiting her from contacting anyone. 
This incident stirred up concern among all the members of the Thompson family. 
If the Thompson brothers were not eager to return home to stay by their sister's side, they would have initiated a global hunt for Justin. 
After the heated argument, Wyatt started feeling unwell. Asher and Axel helped him back to his room. 
"If either of you are thinking of siding with that Salvador jerk, you'd better shut up and leave!" 
Axel was so angry that he gritted his teeth. "Side with him? I'm not that dumb!" 
Asher calmly clarified, "You're overthinking. I don't intend to do so either." 
"Hmph! I'll give the both of you some credit for having a conscience." 
Suddenly, a loud thunder resonated through the night. 
A lightning bolt illuminated the dark night. 
Peering out of the window, Wyatt bitterly wished. "God, why can't you just strike that jerk dead with a lightning bolt?!" 
Upon hearing this, Asher and Axel went speechless. 
"Chairman Thompson!" 
Quentin hurriedly approached them, his forehead dripping with sweat. "Chairman Thompson, Mr. Salvador is here. He's right outside the gate!" The Thompson father and sons were shocked.
* 
Tonight in Hatchbay, the rain was even heavier than in Savrow. 
Justin stared fixedly at the tightly shut gates of Yara Park, the howling wind filling his suit and chilling him to the bone. 
He had called Bella countless times, but someone had turned her phone off. 
Laden with bitter guilt and remorse, Justin came to Yara Park. 
He was desperate to see her. Yet deep inside, he felt as though his heart had sunk into an abyss of despair. 
Would he ever get a chance to see her again? 
Justin waited in vain for a long time, until the rain completely drenched him and his phone battery was nearly depleted. 
But he could not fathom what he was waiting for. 
Just then, amid the rain-washed air, came the heavy thud of footsteps. 
Justin instinctively looked up, and his heart sank instantly. 
A gaping black muzzle was looming in between his brows. 
"Justin, you deserve to be shot for what you've done to my sister." 
Declan stood before Justin, his right hand gripping the gun handle and pressing it firmly against Justin's forehead. Raindrops fell continuously from the brim of his military cap, accentuating the cruel beauty of
his crimson eyes. 
"Bella is a good girl. She's our princess... And yet, just because of your involvement with her, her life is ruined!" 
In the rain, Declan roared with hatred. As a military officer known for his unwavering accuracy, his grip on the gun was almost unsteady. "What do you have to compensate for? Why don't you offer your life as compensation?!" 
Justin's gaze was lifeless, devoid of resistance. 
Death held no terror for him. 
His greatest fear was that his love for Bella would be abruptly severed. 
"Dec! What are you doing?!"
###chapter1243
Asher's brow twitched as he swiftly disarmed Declan. 
Usually, trying to disarm Declan, a skilled colonel, would be wishful thinking. 
However, Asher covered the muzzle with his own hand. Declan feared the possibility of an accidental misfire harming his elder brother, compelling him to release his grip on the gun. 
"Ash, if you really care about our little sister, you shouldn't have intervened!" Declan's bloodshot eyes glared fiercely at Justin. If his eyes were blades, he would have already gutted the man. 
It was a rather harsh statement. 
The fact that it came from the usually gentle and kind Declan made the statement even more impactful. 
Yet, Asher did not blame him for it. 
It might be better if he could vent his anger in such a way. Otherwise, he did not know what horrific actions Declan might resort to. 
"Dec, I care about Bella, but I care about you too. The same goes for Ax and Drew... We grew up together, and I love all of you the same. I don't want you to sacrifice your future for this jerk. You may feel relieved after doing it, but have you considered Bella's feelings? Have you thought about how Mom and Dad might feel about it?!" 
Upon the mention of their mother, the two brothers suddenly felt sorrowful, causing them to tear up. 
"It's been so long since you came home, and we've all missed you. Bella will be thrilled to see you too." 
Asher closed his eyes briefly and took a deep breath, suppressing his heartache. "Let's move past this. Bella has decided not to pursue this any further. Dwelling on it will only cause her further pain, trapping
her in the grief of losing her child." 
The pain of losing a child. 
It was agonizing! 
Justin gasped for breath as if on the brink of death, tears welling up like a rushing spring in his fiery eyes, only for the icy rain to wash it away. 
If he and Bella's child were still alive, they would have been three years old by now. 
Justin thought, 'What have I done... What the hell have I done?!' 
"The rain was heavy. You've traveled tirelessly to get here. Getting soaked might make you sick. Come home." Asher said as he pulled Declan's rigid arm toward the gate. "Chairman Thompson..." 
As if bearing a heavy burden, Justin felt his broad shoulders slump. His trembling lips quivered. "Please... Let me see Bella one more time..." 
"Don't even dream about it!" 
Declan erupted in fury, his body seething with pent-up hatred as he struggled forward, only for Asher to firmly restrain him. "Justin! Get out of here now! Don't dirty our home. Don't ever let me see you again! Otherwise, I'll kill you! Get lost!" 
"Asher... Please let me see Bella." 
Anguish filled Justin's eyes. Yet he showed no sign of backing down, as if nothing, not even the collapse of the heavens, would make him change his mind. "There are so many things that I wish to discuss with Bella about the things from our past and our child..." 
"Justin, Bella has said that she doesn't hold those things against you anymore. It's all in the past now."
Asher's eyes were dark, and his voice was hoarse. "You both mustn't linger in the pain of the past. Look forward and move on. Go home now, and don't ever come back here again." 
As the two brothers turned back, they both froze in place. 
"Dad...?" 
Suddenly, standing under Axel's umbrella, Wyatt stepped into the pouring rain and walked toward Justin with a pale face. 
The atmosphere grew increasingly heavy. The intense chill emanating from this nobleman almost froze the raindrops in mid-air. 
Justin watched in silence as the expressionless Wyatt approached him. 
His lips parted slightly, wanting to say something, but he found himself speechless as he faced the father of the woman he loved the most. 
However, the next moment, Justin felt a searing pain on his cheek as Wyatt unexpectedly punched him fiercely.
###chapter1244
"Dad?!" 
"Dad!" 
The Thompson brothers were shocked to see Wyatt doing something he hadn't done in thirty years- laying hands on someone other than his own sons. Wyatt was the eldest son of an arrogant plutocrat, and he was spoiled from an early age. He never needed to lift a finger to deal with anyone. 
But this time, Wyatt was really furious. He punched Justin once, but it wasn't enough to relieve his anger. He kept on hitting Justin over and over again. Justin's cheeks were swollen, and there was blood seeping from the corner of his lips, yet he felt no pain whatsoever, only numbness mixed with anguish. "Dad! You're not in good health! Getting too angry will worsen your condition!" 
Asher and Axel rushed forward to assist their father, who was so angry he could barely stand upright. However, Wyatt forcefully shook them off and lunged forward, aggressively grabbing Justin's blood- stained collar. 
"Justin... Do you realize that the woman you keep hurting over and over again is everything to me? The love of my life left her to me, and Bella is all I have left of her in this world. She means everything to me!" "Chairman Thompson, I'm sorry..." 
Justin mumbled in a daze. He felt an intense ache in his chest, like a swarm of ants nibbling at his heart. 
"Please give me another chance. I want to make things right for Bella." 
"If you can't take responsibility, why did you even marry her in the first place? Why did you hurt her?!" 
Wyatt abruptly withdrew his hand, causing the sturdy man to stagger weakly. "Go back to Savrow and your wretched family!"
"From now on, KS Group will be Salvador Corporation's number one enemy! Mr. Salvador, if you're capable, then defend your territory well. Otherwise, I will personally take your company down! Get out!" The Thompson men walked away, and the gates shut heavily behind them. 
Justin stood in the rain as if his soul had been drained, feeling as though there was an insurmountable chasm between him and the Thompson family. 
He couldn't tell how much time had passed as he stood there blankly. After some time passed, he kneeled on one knee, his back heaving violently as he choked back sobs. 
At that moment, footsteps approached from behind and stopped beside him. 
Justin struggled to catch his breath, slowly lifting his gaze. 
Christopher asked with a sly grin, "Do you need an umbrella, Mr. Salvador?" 
He was immaculately dressed. Christopher glared at Justin as if he were nothing but a stray dog. 
Justin breathed heavily, his fingers shaking as they curled in the rain, slowly turning into tight fists with bulging veins. 
"You don't seem to need one." Christopher sneered down at him. "But after messing up with Bella, Uncle Wyatt must really despise you now. Do you think this trick still stands a chance?" 
Taylor, who was holding the umbrella for his master, also joined in the mockery. "I wouldn't have known it was President Salvador's plan if you hadn't mentioned it! People who don't know might actually think President Salvador wants to be the Thompson family's watchdog." 
Justin was too exhausted to debate with Christopher and his lap dog.
Or perhaps he felt like he needed to punish himself in this way. It seemed like only by allowing himself to be mistreated and his pride destroyed could he find some comfort in his heart. Only then could he avoid feeling guilty, a feeling he could no longer bear. 
"President Salvador, it's getting late. Are you not heading back yet? If not, I'm going in," Christopher said with a light chuckle, but his eyes showed coldness. 
He continued, "I understand how tough it is when everyone blames and criticizes you. But isn't this all your own doing? Maybe if you had treated Bella better from the start, things wouldn't have turned out like this. So kneel here and feel what suffering tastes like." 
As the two of them walked toward the gate of Yara Park, Justin finally asked quietly, "Were you the one pulling the strings behind Zoe?"
###chapter1245
Christopher paused, his glasses glinting as he gave a mysterious smile. The silence spoke volumes. 
"It was you who used Zoe to reveal Bella's condition, right? Was that your way of trying to tear us apart and get revenge on me? You didn't think twice about exposing Bella's suffering and pain just to hurt me. Christopher, is this your definition of loving her?" 
Justin's tone turned harsh and somber. Tears streamed down his rain-drenched face. "Your love is really messed up." 
"What are you talking about? I can't understand a word that you're saying," Christopher sneered sinisterly. "Aren't you the one who made Bella suffer? What's it got to do with me? Have you been out in the rain for too long and gone mad? Justin, don't assume that I'm the only one in the world who detests you or wishes that you were dead. It's better for a cursed person like you to stop bothering Bella and leave her alone." 
The icy moon hung in the sky, and the rain came to a halt. 
Drew stood by the railing on the rooftop, his black trench coat billowing in the breeze. 
He smoked a whole pack of cigarettes but still couldn't calm his tumultuous thoughts. His fingers trembled as he held the cigarette. 
"Drew, have you arrived in Savrow yet?" Declan's concerned voice came through the phone. "Did you fly there alone? Nothing happened during the journey, right?" 
"Yeah, all good," Drew replied, gripping his phone tightly as he tried to steady his breath. 
Declan fell silent for a moment and said in a low voice, "Drew, please don't do anything reckless. Even if you want to do something, I'd rather be the one to bear that guilt."
Drew said it with a wry smile. "Haha, Declan, if I really wanted to do something reckless, you wouldn't be able to beat me to it." 
He held the cigarette between his lips and blinked wearily. "Take care of Bella. I'll visit her later." 
The reason why Drew decided to stay in Savrow for the time being instead of returning to Hatchbay was because when he heard about Bella's condition, it really hit him hard, and he wasn't ready to face his younger sister. Another reason was that just before the banquet ended, Bella sent him a message. 
[Drew, please do whatever it takes to find the woman who looks so much like me as soon as possible!] 
[We can only know who's the mastermind behind all of this once we find her. This is so important for me, for Justin, and for all of us!] 
Alone in the bustling lounge, Drew stared fixedly at the wallpaper on his phone, an image of him with Bella. A strong sense of bitterness and sorrow filled him. 
At this moment, just above him, a camera stealthily turned toward him. The other end of the camera was connected to Pivotage. 
Christopher had set up a large underground information center with hundreds of screens. He constantly monitored the actions of important figures in Savrow and kept an eye on various key locations 24 hours a day. 
Many influential people were unknowingly under constant surveillance, lacking any real privacy. 
"Ms. Smith! The target you're looking for has appeared!" 
Yvonne's heart skipped a beat as she immediately turned to look at the screen pointed out by her subordinate.
When Drew's handsome face appeared before her, her heartbeat couldn't help but quicken. But upon closer inspection, she noticed that he was deeply engrossed in his phone screen. 
And there it was, unmistakably, her face. 
No, it was Bella's. 
It was the young heiress from the Thompson family who was cherished and pampered by everyone. 
Yvonne's eyes grew colder, and a hint of anger started to show. "Keep an eye on him. I'm going over there right now."
###chapter1246
Some people were devastated, while others basked in triumph. 
Christopher came over and pretended that he had just found out about the news. He sat upright, waiting anxiously in the living room. 
"Damn, right after we sent Justin away, here comes the snake, Christopher! What curse has befallen our little sister to deserve this? Was she a traitor in her previous life?!" 
Axel and Asher were on the second floor, looking down. Axel was fuming, while Asher gave Christopher a cold stare, his hand gripping the railing tightly with veins popping out. 
"The dinner was such a significant event, but the most favored young master of the Iverson family chose not to attend. His eagerness to show up when Bella got into trouble is suspicious." Axel continued, "Hmph! Based on my extensive experience as a prosecutor, I'm convinced that what happened tonight is undoubtedly connected to Christopher! Maybe he's colluding with Zoe and using that wicked girl to his advantage!" 
"I think so too. But Christopher is cunning and skilled at manipulating others to do his dirty work." Asher's cold, piercing gaze remained fixed on Christopher's face. "He's already made sure to cover his tracks before putting his plan into action. I'm afraid he has already gotten rid of the evidence. Otherwise, he wouldn't have shown up here so confidently tonight. He probably thinks he has nothing to worry about." "Damn it! It's like a wolf walking into a chicken coop on New Year's!" Axel exclaimed in frustration. "As brothers, we have three heads and six arms combined. Are we just going to stare at this demon without taking any action?" 
At this moment, Wyatt arrived with Celeste and Quentin to see Christopher. 
"Uncle Wyatt, Madam Celeste." Christopher quickly stood up and bowed. His gentle and polite appearance was exactly what the elders liked.
"Mr. Iverson, my daughter is not feeling well and cannot entertain any guests." 
Celeste noticed the disapproving expression on Wyatt's face and decided to step in. "I'm sure you're aware of the unpleasant incident at the banquet tonight. We're not in the mood to entertain any guests. Please leave." 
Celeste's sudden order to leave made Christopher visibly upset. His eyes darkened, and he clenched his fists unwillingly. But he maintained his composure and said, "I heard that Bella is not doing well and was having trouble sleeping and eating, so I rushed here overnight to see her." 
He explained patiently, "Uncle Wyatt, please don't worry. When I was in Sentania, I knew several renowned doctors in the industry. If the local doctors can't do anything, I can invite them to Hatchbay for a consultation with Bella." 
"Christopher," Wyatt suddenly said with a stern tone. "We appreciate your kindness. But for now, you are Amelia's fiancé. Even though you and Bella grew up together and have a close relationship, you should now pay more attention to Amelia. It's time to avoid raising any suspicions between you and Bella." 
Christopher was taken aback, his face turning pale. 
"Haha! Serves him right!" Axel couldn't help but feel secretly pleased. "He thought he had everything figured out, but in the end, he couldn't win over Bella. His plans have completely backfired. It just shows tha being too clever can sometimes backfire!" 
"Uncle Wyatt, the person I want to marry has always been Bella! I've never intended to marry any other woman!" Christopher declared passionately. 
Celeste was surprised, and she pressed her lips together awkwardly.
"What are you saying?" Wyatt asked sternly, his brows furrowing deeply. "Mr. Iverson, every daughter of mine is precious to me, not someone for you to just pick and choose. You're engaged to Amelia, and that's final. Don't bring up anything about you and Bella again!" 
"Uncle Wyatt, you know how much I love Bella," Christopher said earnestly, despite his reputation for being sly. His feelings for Bella were genuine, evident from the desire in his eyes at that moment. "I never had a say in choosing my partner! And you know very well that the reason I agreed to step back is because I thought Bella had found her happiness. But do you still think that Justin is a suitable match for Bella?!" 
Wyatt's breath caught in his throat. He was overwhelmed with emotion as he realized that his daughter could never become a mother. 
"In the past, I failed to protect Bella by her side and made her suffer a lot. From now on, I will only protect her. I will never betray her like Justin did, nor will I ever hurt her." 
With tears welling up in his reddened eyes, Christopher pleaded hoarsely, "Uncle Wyatt, please let me marry Bella. I will never let her suffer again!" 
"Hmph! You might as well go and dream! You can get whatever you want in your dreams!" 
Seeing Asher and Axel walking down the stairs side by side, Christopher clenched his teeth as his eyes glinted with hidden malice. 
"Dad! Don't let his appearance deceive you. He's not a good person!”
###chapter1247
"Perhaps the reason for the lack of security tonight was a conspiracy by him and Zoe to grab love for themselves and take advantage of it!" 
Axel was straightforward. He wasn't as patient as his elder brother and was ready to expose Christopher's hypocritical facade. 
Wyatt and Celeste were both stunned, finding it hard to believe. 
"Mr. Axel, I know that the both of you aren't fond of me, and you're well aware of how much I love Bella. But that doesn't give you the right to freely attack my character however you want." 
Christopher adjusted his glasses gently. "I have no connection with Zoe except for that one incident at the horse racing event. I intervened to help Bella when Zoe caused trouble for her. That's all there is to it. You're Bella's brother, so I won't delve deeper into this matter. But I hope there won't be a next time." 
Damn! 
If his father and Celeste weren't present, Axel would have exploded. Christopher was an expert at accusing others and shifting responsibilities onto others. It was time to knock some sense into this guy. "Axel, don't spout nonsense without evidence." Wyatt reminded him with an intense expression. 
Axel was burning with impatience and was about to step forward when Asher grabbed his arm just in time. 
"Mr. Iverson, there's no way you can marry Bella. As for your second brother, Charles, his wish to marry Amelia is out of the question!" 
Asher's declaration left both Wyatt and Celeste stunned. 
Christopher suddenly looked concerned, his mind filled with doubts.
"Chairman Thompson! Chairman Iverson is here to see you!" The housekeeper burst into the room, panting. 
"Lance is here? At this hour?" Wyatt said, surprised, as he glanced at his watch. 
This time, the visit to the Thompson family was different. He wasn't alone, as he had brought along his eldest son, James, who made quite an impression. 
"Asher! What's gotten into you?! How could you treat Charles like that?! This is too much!" 
Lance stormed angrily into the living room, his cheeks twitching with rage. "By doing this, it's like stabbing my heart with a knife!" 
Asher had a cold and serious look, with intense glares in his eyes. 
He was mentally prepared for conflict with the Iverson family. After all, it was him who had Charles taken to the police station after getting involved in Bella and Steven's matters. "Asher, what's going on? What did you do to Charles?" Wyatt asked, utterly bewildered. 
With Lance's outburst, Mila and Sasha also came over. 
"Chairman Thompson, Mr. Asher took my younger brother to the police station and accused him of rape!" James said as he gritted his teeth in frustration. "I don't know if this was his own doing or your daughter's cunning plan! Are they trying to take advantage of my brother's vulnerability after his injury, thinking he can't fight back?!" 
Rape?! 
Everyone, except Asher, was shocked!
'What an idiot.' Christopher's expression turned dark as he adjusted his glasses, quickly grasping the situation. 
It turned out that Asher and his family had revealed Charles and Astrid's conspiracy. Not only did Charles fail to win Amelia's heart, but he also ended up falling into his own trap. 
If he had known they couldn't handle such a simple matter, he would have stepped in sooner. 
Lance was almost out of breath from anger, and James hurriedly helped his father while giving Asher a fierce glare. "If you didn't want the marriage, you could have just said so! Resorting to such a despicable scheme against Charles, is this what you consider honorable behavior?!" 
Before Asher could reply, Sasha erupted in anger. "Who do you think you're calling despicable?!" 
Wyatt was shocked! Sasha really lived up to her reputation as the daughter of the Jenkins family. She had quite the temper. 
"Your father and Wyatt have been friends for thirty years. Don't you understand our family's values and behavior at all? If you distrust us so much, why were you so eager to pursue this marriage in the first place?!" Sasha's anger grew as she stood with her hand on her hip, projecting dominance. 
"Do you believe that nobody wants the women from our Thompson family? Are they only meant to fill the gaps in your Iverson family? Since you doubt our integrity, perhaps it would be best to forget about this marriage altogether! What Mr. James had just said was so absurd."
###chapter1248
"Bitch!" 
James cursed under his breath, feeling both ashamed and furious. But he refused to confront Sasha directly out of pride. It would be like causing a scene in public. 
Lance was fuming with confusion. After just one dinner event, his son ended up at the police station as a suspect! This was completely unacceptable! 
Celeste felt uneasy. Sweat started to form on her forehead. 
'Rape... Who did Charles rape? Could it be...?' 
She couldn't shake off the worry about her daughter, who had been holed up in her room since coming back home. Amelia said she was not feeling well and refused to come out, no matter how much Celeste knocked. 
As a mother, Celeste felt extremely anxious and tense, with her heart racing and her breathing turning labored. 
"Chairman Iverson, we see how worried you are for your son." 
Mila held back Sasha, who was extremely furious, her gaze steady and resolute. "Even if Mr. Charles was taken to the police station by Asher, he must have done something wrong. Instead of demanding answers from us here, you might as well find a good lawyer for him." 
"Hey, Aunt Mila, you're absolutely right!" Axel spoke sarcastically, raising his eyebrows. "I think you can consider hiring Hunter, the eldest young master from the Lovett family. That filthy, profit-driven scoundrel is best suited to handle a case like Mr. Charles'. But then again, currently he must be busy cleaning up after Madam Salvador's mess. I wonder if he can make time for you."
The Iverson family father and son were about to explode with rage. 
The Thompson family members were sharp-tongued and united like an impenetrable fortress, leaving them no room to attack. 
Christopher's pale face was covered with a thin layer of sweat. If the situation continued to escalate, it might ruin his original plan. But at this moment, he couldn't afford to step forward and speak for either side. He had to remain invisible, or it would be detrimental to him. 
"Anyway, Charles would never do such a thing! There must be something fishy going on here. It's a scam!" Lance glared resentfully at Asher, but his words were directed at Wyatt. 
"Wyatt, Asher must personally come forward to get Charles out of the police station tonight and drop the charges! Otherwise, the Iverson family will be at war with the Thompson family." 
Wyatt furrowed his brows, his gaze piercing, as he turned to look at Asher. "Asher, what's going on with Mr. Charles? I need an explanation from you!" 
"You want Asher to get that beast out and for us to drop the charges? Huh, you can forget about it! That's not going to happen, absolutely impossible!" 
All eyes turned toward the source of the voice. They saw a figure descending gracefully from the spiral staircase, exuding an air of aristocratic elegance. Bella took the lead, while Declan followed closely behind her, like a silent knight guarding his queen. 
Declan's brows and eyes were as calm as stars, yet they harbored a sharp and chilling edge. When he looked around, it seemed to make everyone hold their breath with the weight of his gaze. 
It was only when he glanced at his younger sister that his eyes radiated a gentle warmth.
Christopher knew that this man was Bella's third brother. He had a solid military background and was influential, as he commanded unwavering loyalty. 
Yet, despite all this, Christopher felt intense jealousy. Anyone could stand beside Bella except him. What did he need to do to earn that place? Would he have to go to extreme lengths and ruthlessly eliminate these troublesome men?! 
"Bella?! What are you doing here?" Wyatt asked in surprise, then turned to look at Declan. He doted on her so much. It must have been him who let her out! 
"Chairman Iverson, Mr. James, when the two of you visited Charles, did he only mention that my big brother arrested him? Didn't he mention anything else?" 
Bella stepped down the final step of the stairs, her smile strikingly beautiful yet unsettlingly icy. "Not only did I arrest him, I also crushed his tailbone, broke his fingers, and knocked out his front teeth. Initially, I considered castrating him, but I suppose it wasn't necessary." Bella said as she let out a smirk. "Even if I don't do that, it can never get erected for the remainder of his life."
###chapter1249
Everyone was shocked! 
Lance and James were even more stunned. Their mouths were hanging wide open with identical looks of disbelief. 
"Bella... What are you doing?" Asher nervously glanced at his younger sister, feeling very uneasy inside. As the eldest brother, he should step up to handle the situation and protect his younger siblings. He had wanted to face it alone and resolve everything on his own, but he didn't expect Bella to appear at this moment. She even used her words to challenge the Iverson family members and draw their anger toward her! 
"Never get erected? Bella, what do you mean by that?!" James's pampered demeanor was almost crumbling. He was glaring at Bella with an almost ferocious gaze. "And... What did you say? You beat Charles?! How dare you beat someone from our family? How dare you?!" 
"Why wouldn't I dare?" Bella gave a cold smile and narrowed her beautiful eyes. "Since he dared to bully Amelia, I will kill him!" 
"But if we just killed him, it would be too easy on him. For an evil beast like Charles, he should be sent to prison with other criminals and experience the agony of imprisonment. For someone like him, being in there as a disabled person would probably mean living at the mercy of others, living a life that's even worse than death. That's what I really want to see most-his destiny!" 
Their hearts raced with fear, and Celeste's vision began to blur as she stood unsteadily. 
"Amelia....Amelia!" 
Celeste gently wiped her sweaty forehead while the other hand clutched her clothes, finding it hard to breathe.
"Aunt Celeste!" 
"Celeste!" Wyatt immediately embraced her, his heart pounding so fast it felt like it might burst out of his chest. "Don't be scared! Don't panic! I'm here for you!" 
"Wyatt... I'm afraid... I think something happened to Amelia..." Unable to contain herself any longer, tears streamed down Celeste's face. 
"Bella! How... How could you say such a thing?!" 
Lance didn't know the truth and was still standing up for his son. "Charles is a righteous gentleman, and your dad and I are good friends! It's impossible that Charles would do anything to hurt Amelia!" 
"A gentleman? Chairman Iverson, are you kidding me?" Bella playfully teased with a twist of her red lips and a sharp look that swept across the men of the Iverson family before settling coldly on Christopher's face. 
Bella continued, "Every child you've raised seems to be worse than the last. There's not one good apple in the bunch! The men are despicable and shameless, while the women are just as bad and clueless. You and Wyatt have been getting along all these years. Even if there hasn't been much progress in business, how could you fail so miserably at educating your children? It's truly disappointing." Lance and James were so angry that their faces turned pale. 
"You...!" 
Christopher felt suffocated, clenching his fingers so tightly that his nails were digging into the flesh of his palms! 
The woman he loved most was mocking and insulting him. This gut-wrenching feeling was far worse than when she slapped him hard across the face.
"Bella, Asher, are you saying that Charles..." 
Wyatt, usually a decisive figure in the business world, dared not delve deeper at this moment. He feared nothing, but he was afraid that hearing the truth would provoke a bigger reaction in Celeste. Asher approached his father and Celeste, taking a deep breath. "At the banquet, Charles drugged Amelia and tried to rape her in a room upstairs." 
"What...?!" Wyatt felt a surge of blood rush to his head, his chest boiling with anger, almost on the verge of bursting! 
"Fortunately, we found out in time and rescued Amelia." Asher quickly supported his father and said in a calm voice, "Otherwise, the consequences would have been unimaginable. However, Amelia still experienced quite a shock, leaving behind psychological trauma that will only heal slowly over time." 
"So... Charles attempted to rape Amelia?" Wyatt asked, his voice quivering. 
Bella nodded solemnly and said, "Yes. But fortunately, Charles has become impotent, so he didn't really do anything to Amelia." 
She had initially wanted to claim credit for Justin. After all, he played a crucial role in rescuing Amelia. But now wasn't the right time. She could only tell Wyatt afterward.
###chapter1250
Otherwise, it would only make Wyatt hate Justin even more, and the Iverson father-son duo would definitely cause problems for him. 
"Karma... Karma is real!" Wyatt muttered to himself excitedly, but he was still brimming with lingering fear. 
'Impotent? How could my son be impotent?' Lance was shaken by a deafening roar in his mind. 
Hearing Wyatt's words, he was so furious that his face turned purple with rage. "Wyatt! What are you trying to say?! Are you cursing my son?!" 
"Cursing?!" Wyatt's voice quivered, a scornful grin appearing across his face. His eyes blazed with anger as he said, "Charles did terrible things to my daughter! He should pay the price! If it weren't for the fact that he's your son, Lance, I'd make sure he never sees the light of tomorrow! Beating him up and sending him to prison? I wouldn't have been so merciful!" 
Lance and James felt their hearts drop. 
They had traveled from afar to demand answers, but they never imagined that they would end up being ridiculed themselves. 
Christopher's eyes were bloodshot, and a drop of blood formed on his pale lower lip. 
If this continued, Charles' life was at stake, and the relationship between the two families would be irreparably damaged. This would definitely get in the way of him and Bella! 
"Why... Why?!" Celeste finally broke down. In Wyatt's embrace, she cried and yelled hysterically at Lance. "Just because Amelia is my daughter... Is it because I am a powerless and fragile woman? Does that mean everyone can bully her?!"
"Celeste! Don't put yourself down!" With tears in her eyes, Mila moved closer and hugged her. "Amelia is our little princess! She's no different from Bella or Asher. Please don't think like that!" 
In the midst of Celeste's distress, a soft voice was heard. 
"Mom... Don't cry, Mom..." 
They followed the voice and spotted Amelia standing by the stairs, her face looking fragile and damp with tears. Her feet were bare, and she was wrapped in a blanket, trembling from head to toe. 
"Amelia!" 
Celeste rushed to her daughter and embraced Amelia tightly. Her voice trembled as she sobbed, "Amelia, this is all my fault. Mom is useless... I couldn't protect you..." 
"Mom, I'm okay... I'm okay..." Amelia whispered softly in her mother's ear. Despite being traumatized herself, she tried to comfort her mother and calm her down. 
Upon seeing this, Bella felt her heart ache. Amelia was such a sensible child, always walking a harder path. 
If only her sister had just a fraction of her determination and stubbornness, doing whatever she pleased, even if it meant being selfish for once, would any of this have happened? 
"No way! Absolutely impossible! Charles would not do such a thing!" James was furious, angrily pointing at Bella and Asher. "You two must have plotted against my brother! You wanted to stop the union of our families, so you resorted to such dirty tricks! Despicable!" 
"Shut your filthy mouth!" Ralph rebuked, appearing disheveled. "Even at this point, you're still trying to make excuses without shame. Did you become a CEO by just talking big?!"
Behind him stood Steven. 
"Steven..." Amelia burst into tears but held back from sobbing out loud. 
Steven looked at the woman he loved, feeling choked up and unable to speak, his eyes filled with tears. She was so close, yet seemed so far away. 
"Heh... Chairman Thompson, what's this? Your whole family is teaming up against us." James smirked with a touch of malice. "Sure, your Thompson family might be powerful in Hatchbay, but our Iverson family in Savrow isn't easy prey. You've already offended the Hoffman family, do you really want to ditch your only ally? Making enemies in the business world is not a wise move." 
Bella's beautiful eyes were burning with rage, but she understood how to handle James. Engaging in a short argument wasn't worth it. She made a mental note of this debt, determined to get back at him in the future and never let him rise again!
###chapter1251
"Heh... James, you're pretty young. If you don't know how I've made it this far, just ask your father when you get back home." Wyatt's eagle-like stare was unwavering. "Find out what happens to those who are enemies of Wyatt Thompson!" 
James felt a chilling fear but managed to keep his cool, refusing to show any vulnerability. 
"I'm standing here not as the seventh young master of the Thompson family, but as a police officer to inform you." With a swift motion, Ralph presented the arrest warrant in front of the Iverson family. "The police have officially arrested Charles on charges of rape, backed by solid evidence and witness testimony. The Iverson family should prepare to attend the trial of Charles Iverson." 
Lance's expression turned gloomy. 
This was unquestionably an official arrest warrant issued by the police. There was no way out but to accept the truth. 
James wanted to fight back but was abruptly stopped by his father, who quietly urged, "What more is there to say at this point?! We need to focus on getting back and saving Charles right now." 
As the Iverson father and son were leaving in shame, Wyatt stared at their backs with red eyes and yelled, "The union between our family is over! Don't ever mention it again! I will pursue the matter of Charles assaulting my daughter to the end." 
Lance gritted his teeth with hatred and angrily yelled at Christopher, who remained motionless. "Christopher! Let's go!" 
Although Christopher didn't want to leave like this, the icy stares from the Thompson family members made it hard for him to stay. So he shot Bella a deep glance before stepping away.
The young woman felt queasy from that look, almost making her vomit. But she was secretly relieved because things turned out okay. 
The alliance with the Iverson family had finally come to an end. 
On the drive home, the Iverson family sat in their spacious Bentley in a somber mood. 
James gave Lance two anti-hypertensive tablets and did his best to reassure him, but his blood pressure remained high. 
"Charles is such a fool! Why did he have to choose the daughter of that mistress? He could have picked anyone else, but he had to go for her. It's like asking for trouble!" 
"Seriously, it's not like he's the one getting married. Why did he get into so much trouble?" Christopher fumed, glaring with resentment. "Already impotent yet still trying to mess around with women? Haha! It's ridiculous that he got labeled as a rapist." 
"Shut up! How dare you speak about your own brother like that?! And why were you at the Thompson family tonight?" Lance questioned him angrily. 
"Why else? Obviously, it's all about impressing the Thompson family," James mocked, taking the opportunity to harshly criticize Christopher. "Our fourth brother is really working hard to become their future son- in-law. Have you ever been this devoted to Dad since you were young? I doubt you've shown even half as much concern for Dad as you have for Wyatt." 
"Is the marriage only for my sake? I'm also doing it for the Iverson family!" Christopher retorted angrily. 
"Enough!" Lance angrily slammed the armrest and stared at Christopher. "You're forbidden from talking to Bella! Quit trying to win over the Thompson family and making us look bad."
"Why should I suffer for Charles' mistake? What's wrong with me being in touch with Bella?" Christopher's paranoia was making him irrational. "If I marry Bella, we can still stay connected to the Thompson family and benefit from their resources. What's wrong with that?" 
"Hahaha... Christopher, are you delusional? Things have gotten to this point, and you're still dreaming about marrying Bella?" James chuckled. "Even if Justin's been turned down by Chairman Thompson and the guy is completely out of the picture, Bella would never fall in love with you." 
"Actions speak louder than words. Just because you can't do it doesn't mean I can't either." Christopher said as he adjusted his glasses, a fierce determination in his eyes. 
"Enough! Let's not discuss this now. Charles' situation is urgent!" Lance grabbed James's arm, his expression dark and determined. "Although Charles is being accused of rape, he didn't actually do anything with that girl. It was an attempted assault. No matter what, we have to find a way to get him out."
###chapter1252
Early in the morning, a vibrant red sports car smoothly came to a halt and parked in front of the lounge. 
Yvonne emerged from the car, showcasing her elegant and toned legs. She was dressed in a stylish black fishtail gown that highlighted her curvy figure. Her delicate high heels sparkled in the dark, exuding an air of confidence that could captivate any onlooker. 
A man promptly emerged from the shadows. "Ms. Smith, he's still inside. I've been watching him." 
Yvonne's eyes were as cold as the moon as she gracefully used her left hand to gather her shiny black hair, effortlessly slipping a silver hairpin with a ruby into place with her right. 
Her movements were smooth and alluring, leaving her henchmen completely captivated by her beauty. "You stay here and prepare for whatever happens next." 
... 
In the lounge, the flickering shadow gave off a captivating vibe. 
Yvonne clenched her teeth as she navigated through the lively crowd, her gaze fixed solely on Drew, who was seated at the edge of the bar. 
As she approached him, her heart raced faster, and all the noise around her seemed to fade away as if she had entered a strange, dreamlike world. Yvonne raised her hand to fix her elegantly tousled hair. 
Tonight, she was going to kill him by using this hairpin, her most treasured possession. 
After a moment, Yvonne stood behind Drew. 
Just as her delicate hand was about to touch the man's shoulder, she suddenly felt a sharp pain in her wrist, and everything around her started spinning!
"Ahh!" 
In an instant, Yvonne found herself being thrown heavily against the table, the sudden pain making it hard for her to catch her breath. 
'What kind of reaction was this?' 
He was simply a brute! 
Drew's rough hand firmly grasped her delicate wrist as his other hand strangled Yvonne's throat, squeezing it tightly. 
As a seasoned top-secret agent carrying out missions abroad, he had encountered his fair share of assassination attempts from enemies. His years of living in constant danger had sharpened his instincts to the extent that he wouldn't miss even the smallest movement. 
At this moment, Yvonne was pinned down by him. Her face turned red from suffocation, and tears were glistening at the corners of her eyes. 
"It... It's you?" 
Drew was suddenly startled, and his grip began to loosen. 
Yvonne gasped heavily, and tears flowed uncontrollably. 
Some onlookers saw what was happening, but they assumed it was just a couple arguing, so they dared not intervene. 
"Wow, this dude might be good-looking, but he's such an asshole. How dare he publicly assault her?" 
"Sigh, we should just mind our own business. If they want to fight, let them be. It's none of our concern."
Drew heard the whispers, his expression growing grim. 
Yvonne coughed continuously and struggled to speak. "That hurts..." 
Yvonne tried to get up, but the pain in her back made her unable to stand up straight. 
"Sorry, it's an occupational disease." 
Drew wrapped his arms around her waist, lifting her off the ground. 
Yvonne relaxed into the embrace, her fragile arms tentatively surrounding his lean, strong frame. Their breath mingled warmly, stirring something deep within them. 
However, Drew looked at her coldly. "Ms. Smith, except for my sister, no other woman is meant to hold me like that. Aren't you being a little too bold?" 
"You really pamper your sister. I bet having a good-looking brother like you must make others jealous," Yvonne said with a bright smile, the kind she had rehearsed many times before and now came naturally. "I'm sure your sister is stunning, right?" 
Drew couldn't quite figure out her expression as he looked at her lovely features. It made his heart stir. 
She really did resemble Bella a lot. If she wore the same clothes and hairstyle as her, he could easily confuse them at first sight, not to mention Justin. 
Drew's eyes suddenly sparkled with a hint of cold light as he tilted her chin upward with his fingertip. 
"You and my sister are equally beautiful," Drew said, a smirk playing on his lips. 
Yvonne felt her heart race as she smiled back, her voice quivering slightly. "There must be some differences. Who is the prettier one?"
Without any hesitation, he replied, "Of course, my sister is prettier." 
Yvonne was speechless. 
This man... It was tough to figure out if he had a serious case of typical male behavior or an obsession with his sister! 
But Yvonne was not put off at all by his sincerity and honesty. 
"Why are you here?"
###chapter1253
Drew narrowed his eyes and said, "You're not here for me, are you?" 
Yvonne playfully traced her fingers on his chest as she walked around him. "Sir, you have to admit that our last meeting was totally due to fate." 
Drew raised an eyebrow. "Hmm, fate indeed." 
"Thanks for the help last time." Yvonne held his black tie, pressing against him with her soft, curvy figure. Her eyes gleamed with desire as she said, "I've always wanted to see you again, hoping to repay you." Drew's eyes darkened, setting off an intense gaze that made her nervous, but she managed to remain calm. 
His eyes were like lie detectors, capable of seeing through illusions. Yet, at this moment, he inexplicably felt that her words held a hint of truth. 
Drew grinned mischievously and inched closer, asking, "So, how do you plan to repay me?" 
Yvonne felt her heart pounding, her cheeks turning red. She nervously said, "I'll do whatever you want tonight... I'm all yours." 
Yvonne was dumbfounded, utterly taken aback. 
Drew's idea of repayment was playing a game of blocks with him! 
"One turn each, and the loser takes three shots. Ms. Smith, are you up for it?" Drew asked, resting his chin on his arms as he gently added the final block to the top layer. 
At this time, the bartender had already brought three bottles of top-quality whiskey to their table.
Yvonne looked at the man in confusion. This unexpected game had undoubtedly ruined her initial plans. 
"Oh, right. It's not good for girls to drink hard liquor, so how about this? You take one shot, and I'll take three." Drew's eyes were as stunning as amber hidden in the ocean's depths. "Ms. Smith, will you join me?" 
"I'll join you." Yvonne took a deep breath, tightening her fingers. "A deal's a deal. No backing out now." 
And so, the game began. 
Drew was always the fastest thinker out of all the Thompson siblings and excelled at different kinds of fun activities. 
One game he loved to play with his younger sister when they were kids was building blocks. Whenever he found himself bored at the foreign special operations headquarters, he would sit alone in a corner and spend time playing with these childhood toys, finding comfort in them and using them as a way to feel closer to his beloved sister, Bella. 
In the early rounds, Yvonne lost every match, quickly downing four shots of whiskey. The burning sensation traveled down her throat, setting her stomach on fire. 
Yvonne's forehead was covered in sweat as her stomach twisted in spasms of pain. 
Over the years, she had sacrificed everything she could for Christopher's dreams, leaving herself with only a worthless life. 
She indulged in constant flattery and betrayal, even drinking until she ended up vomiting in the hospital multiple times. Despite appearing healthy and beautiful on the outside, her body was deteriorating
inside. "Looks like you've lost again, Ms. Smith," Drew teased as he shook his empty glass at her, a mischievous glint in his eyes. 
Despite the pain, Yvonne filled the glass once more, gritting her teeth. 
As she reached for the glass, Drew leaned in and covered the entire top with his large hand. "If you can't handle it, forget about it. It's all good. I'll drink this one for you." 
"No worries... I'm not ready to admit defeat. I've got this," Yvonne replied confidently. 
Yvonne clearly didn't seem to appreciate it. She snatched the glass and quickly drank everything in it, her face turning red. 
Drew narrowed his eyes as he smirked quietly. This woman, with her stubbornness and refusal to give up, reminded him of Bella. 
In the next few games, Drew intentionally allowed her to win three times in a row. 
Perhaps it was because he was in a bad mood or some other reason that Drew, who once had a high alcohol tolerance, now appeared somewhat dazed and possibly tipsy. "Yay! I did it! I did it again!" Yvonne cheered enthusiastically, raising both hands in the air with her cheeks flushed with joy like an innocent young girl. 
Drew looked at the woman in front of him, his eyes locked on hers, feeling like everything else had faded away. 
It reminded him of Bella when they were kids. Whenever she beat him at something, she would run around the room in joy. Little did she know he let her win every time.
He thought, 'Bella... Wouldn't it be great if you could stay young forever and just enjoy those carefree, innocent days with your brothers protecting you? Now, things are completely different. She has experienced danger and gone through the pain of love.'
###chapter1254
"Sir, it's your turn..." 
Yvonne froze, her heart skipping a beat suddenly. She was startled to see tears welling up in Drew's sorrowful eyes. 
"You did it. It's great that you won..." 
Drew squinted, then picked up his cup and gently clinked it against hers. "I hope you will win every time." 
As he finished speaking, he emptied his cup. The liquid ran down from the corner of his mouth, tracing the contour of his masculine jawline. 
Yvonne's eyes turned red. Her cold, emotionless heart was suddenly moved. 
She's never been spoken to like this before. She was always being pushed, controlled, and ordered around by others. No one had ever said to her, "I hope you will win. I hope your future isn't just darkness and that you can still find light..." 
In an instant, her mind went blank. Her hands instinctively reached up to Drew's broad shoulders, and her soft lips pressed against his moist lips, gently kissing him. 
Drew took a deep breath, his long lashes drooping. 
His large hand clasped the back of her head, softly stroking as he silently removed her silver hairpin. 
The people waiting to clean up the mess were still waiting for Yvonne. She didn't show up as dawn approached, so they had no choice but to go in and look for her. They looked everywhere, even in the restroom, but Yvonne was nowhere to be found. It was like she had vanished into thin air! Even her phone was switched off!
Half an hour later, Taylor arrived at the scene, panting. He kicked his subordinate and said, "You let a person that big slip away? What are you even here for? Even a dog tied up here would have been more useful than you!" 
The subordinate trembled in fear. "I'm sorry! I wanted to follow her in, but Ms. Smith insisted on dealing with that man herself, so I had to stay outside. I really didn't know what was happening inside!" "Ms. Smith is an important person to Mr. Iverson. If anything happens to her, you'll be the first one to be fed to the dogs!" 
Taylor paced around anxiously. 'Drew is a top-level special agent! Yvonne doesn't stand a chance against him. She basically fell right into his trap! No, I must report to Mr. Iverson truthfully! Otherwise, Ms. Smith's life could be in danger!' 
After the Iverson family members left, Steven insisted on staying at Yara Park to keep Amelia company despite his injuries. 
Wyatt didn't have much to say at that point and went back to his room alone, looking really down. He locked himself in, not even letting Quentin approach. 
The next afternoon came around yet Wyatt still hadn't come out to see anyone. Everyone was starting to get a bit concerned. 
"Chairman Thompson needs some time alone," Quentin sighed sadly. "Although Chairman Thompson doesn't show it, I can tell that what happened to Ms. Amelia really hit him hard. However, it might be a blessing in disguise. I think Chairman Thompson won't oppose Mr. Lovett and Ms. Amelia being together anymore." 
"That's great!"
Bella was so overjoyed that tears started welling up in her eyes. Her voice trembled as she spoke to Quentin. "Uncle Quentin, could you please take the opportunity to talk to Wyatt and ask him to give Steve another chance? Wyatt always listens to what you say." 
"I'll try my best." 
After Quentin left, Bella's gaze turned cold. She turned to Asher and said, "Next, Lance and James will definitely do everything they can to get Charles out. We need to be ready and stop them in their tracks." "Don't worry, I'll take care of it," Asher reassured, clenching his fists tightly. "Even while Charles is stuck in the detention center, I'll make sure he doesn't have it easy." 
"As for Astrid." Bella's eyes turned cold. "She attacked Steve and put the blame on Charles. She'll have to deal with the consequences, too. If she doesn't face justice, I don't know what God to believe in." "Instead of putting your faith in God, why not believe in me?" Asher said as he tenderly embraced her shoulders. "Leave it to me. You tell me how you want things to end, and I'll make sure it happens." At this moment, Axel was heard yelling loudly. "Ash! Is Jerkface Justin sick?!" 
Suddenly, Axel froze, as he hadn't realized Bella was over there. He quickly kept his mouth shut, but it was already too late. 
"Ax, what did you say?" Bella strode over to Axel, staring at him intently. "What did you say? What's going on?!" 
"Well, he's been waiting outside our house since last night..."
###chapter1255
'Still waiting?!' Asher was utterly shocked when he heard that. 
It rained heavily all night and didn't stop until later. It started raining again this morning, and the forecast said there would be a typhoon coming tonight. Has Justin been standing here the whole time without eating or drinking? Does he not want to live? 
"Justin has been outside this whole time? Since last night? What do you mean?!" Bella's beautiful eyes widened in disbelief, her hands tightly gripping Axel's shoulders as she shook him vigorously. "Tell me! What's going on?! Did you all see Justin? And you kept it from me?!" 
"Stop shaking me, Bella! I feel like throwing up!" Axel felt like his mind was spinning, feeling disoriented and dizzy. 
"Bella! Stop it!" Asher quickly stepped forward and grabbed her wrist. He pulled her into his embrace. "Whatever Justin wants to do, it's his choice. If he wants to stand there, let him. He won't stand there forever. Sooner or later, he'll leave." 
The statement had a hidden message behind it. 
"Even if he turns into a statue standing there forever, it's what he deserves!" Axel felt his anger rising as he recalled the suffering his little sister had endured. “Bella, he's just trying to make us feel guilty in hopes that it will fix everything! He thinks we'll forgive him if he does this! Even if he gets struck by lightning, I will never forgive him!" 
"This is between him and me! What does it have to do with you?!" Bella's eyes turned red with anger, tears welling up as she struggled to break free from Asher's embrace. "Did you see him yesterday? Did Wyatt see him too? Did you all gang up to bully him?!"
"Bella, calm down..." Asher tried to soothe Bella, wrapping his arms around her waist and patting her trembling back. 
"Bella, what are you saying? Did we bully him? We were standing up for you and venting our anger for your sake!" 
"I don't need it!" Bella shouted in frustration, breathing heavily with rage. "Why do you have to meddle? Is it for my own good? You're just trying to ease your own guilt by suppressing Justin!" Asher and Axel felt a pang in their hearts. 
Taking advantage of Asher's distraction, Bella broke free from his embrace and dashed toward the gate of Yara Park. 
Bella tossed the slippers out of the way and ran barefoot through the long and ornate corridor. 
She had yet to lay eyes on the man she loved, but her heart yearned to escape and elope with him. 
All of a sudden, Bella halted her steps. 
Not far away, Declan's burning gaze was locked on her. His presence alone seemed intimidating, like an insurmountable mountain. 
"Bella, are you going to see him?" 
"Declan, please don't stop me." Bella panted heavily, her fair and delicate cheeks glistening with sweat. 
Declan frowned slightly, shaking his head. "You have been a fool for him for the last three years. Isn't that enough? Stop doing foolish things. He's not worth it." 
"If he's not worth it, then who is?!" Bella's chest heaved violently, tears welling up in her eyes. "When I was eleven, he saved my life! On the battlefield in Kridor, we fought terrorists side by side, and he
risked his life to protect me! Last year, we got caught in a landslide on Mount Jaglee and survived it together. On the Southern Island of Sentania, he diverted firepower to save Asher's life and even took bullets for me!" 
"Declan, tell me... If he's not worth it, then who is?!" 
"Bella, I know that when you were eleven, the one who saved you was Justin. You've always looked up to him because of that. It's like you see him in a different light, making it hard for anyone else to measure up. I get where you're coming from." 
Drew closed his eyes and took a deep breath before opening them again. His gaze was firm and resolute. "But back then, he didn't save you because of who you are or because he loved you. It was just a coincidence." 
"Drew! How could you say that?" Bella was both anxious and angry. Her voice was hoarse from emotion. 
"And everything he did later on was merely to make up for his own mistakes and reconcile with you. In my eyes, those debts have long been repaid by the sacrifices you made over those three years."
###chapter1256
"The both of you don't need to dwell on the past anymore. He's not right for you. If you hold on, you'll only end up hurting yourself more." 
"Declan! Listen to what you just said. Is it even humane?!" Bella's heart convulsed with pain. Her eyes were red and swollen. "Losing my child was a complete accident! I didn't even realize I was pregnant. How could he have known? Besides, it was my decision to keep the miscarriage a secret. It had nothing to do with him! How many times do I have to say it?!" 
However, Declan's expression remained unmoved. 
"Bella, you're still young. There are so many men in this world who are better than Justin. What Justin gave you, they can give you too. And even if they can't, we can." 
"I only want him! Declan... I'm warning you again. Don't stop me. Don't make me hate you!" Bella exclaimed. 
She was like a provoked lioness. She gritted her teeth and tried to force her way through, but her slender arms and legs were no match for a soldier. 
Declan's tall and sturdy figure hardly moved. His eyes darkened as he reached out his long arms to block her path, swiftly pulling her into his embrace with a strong grip around her slender waist. 
The next moment, Bella's vision spun as her feet left the ground, and she was lifted into the air. 
Declan effortlessly lifted her onto his shoulder, wearing a stoic expression. No matter how she hit and cursed at him, he continued to stride back to the mansion with large steps. 
"Declan! You're dead meat! Put me down this instant! Ahh!" Bella pounded his back with her delicate fists, but to him, it felt almost like a tickle.
"Bella, behave yourself." Declan swiftly walked back, his gentle voice deep and soothing. "I'm doing this for your own good." 
Yvonne slept until the late afternoon. 
She crawled out from under the covers in a daze and rubbed her throbbing temples. Her stomach was churning and aching. "Ugh... where am I?" 
Yvonne was startled. All traces of sleepiness were gone in an instant. 
She glanced around and realized she was in an extremely luxurious presidential suite. If she was not mistaken, this was one of the hotels under the Salvador Corporation. 
"Oh no... Drew!" 
Yvonne trembled as she lifted the covers, only to find her black dress still intact on her body. It seemed Drew hadn't touched her. Her last memory from the night before was frozen like a still frame in a movie, lingering on that ambiguous yet irresistibly hot kiss. Yvonne's breathing quickened as she clutched her chest, feeling confused. 
But the vast room no longer bore the carefree figure. 
"Drew, what kind of man are you?" 
Lost in her thoughts, a knock on the door interrupted her. 
Ignoring her stomach ache, Yvonne slowly got up and opened the door. 
Outside stood a waiter, smiling as he handed her a box of medicine.
"Hello, Ms. Smith," the waiter said as he handed over the package, "Mr. Brown sent this medicine for you along with a message." Yvonne took the medicine, holding it tightly in her hand. "What's the message?" 
"Take two pills twice a day with meals." 
With that, the waiter bowed and left. 
Yvonne stood alone, stunned in place, repeatedly reciting his words. Her nose tingled, and her eyes quietly turned red. 
When was the last time someone cared for her? She couldn't remember anymore. 
During her time by Christopher's side, Yvonne served others with her beauty. By doing so, she had endless money to spend and expensive clothes to wear.
###chapter1257
However, those expensive clothes were just for Christopher to see and for other men to admire. Has anyone truly cared for her and paid attention to her? But she had no way to turn back now. She had no choice. She and Drew were destined to be enemies. They were destined to be from two different worlds. Yvonne took a deep breath, wiping away a tear at the corner of her eye with her fingertips. 
Just as she was about to close the door, a hand firmly gripped the edge of the door, and a pair of dark, familiar eyes appeared in the crack. 
"T-Taylor?!" Yvonne's heart tightened, quickly hiding the stomach medicine behind her back. 
"Ms. Smith, it's truly fortunate that you're alive!" Taylor forcefully pushed open the door and rushed into the room, causing Yvonne to stumble and hit the wall. Then, two more men followed behind, silently drawing their guns from their pockets. Their expressions were eerie and sinister, like spies in an action movie. 
"Drew isn't here. He's gone," Yvonne said coldly. 
"Gone?! You didn't kill him?!" Taylor looked astonished. "Then what did you two do last night? Did you both just book a room?" 
Yvonne's head throbbed with pain, her breath shallow as she pressed her forehead. "I don't know... I drank too much, and then something happened. I can hardly remember anything." 
"You drank with him again? Do you know who he is?" Taylor's eyes darkened with anger, his tone stern. "Ms. Smith, you've always been cautious in your years of service to Mr. Iverson, almost never making a mistake. What happened this time? It's unlike you!" 
"What do you mean by that? Are you suspecting me? If there was something between him and me... I wouldn't have come alone to find him last night, wearing..." Yvonne reached for her jet-black hair, her
hear suddenly sinking! 
The hairpin her hairpin! 
She panicked and ran back to the bedroom, searching through the bed, sofa, and drawers, but she couldn't find her silver hairpin! 
Taylor clearly didn't know what was going on with her and just kept talking to himself. "I'm not suspecting you. It's just that Mr. Iverson already knows about the fact that you and Drew both disappeared last night! Do you think I'm so capable of finding you? Mr. Iverson was the one who found the clues to your whereabouts!" 
Images of Christopher's bloodthirsty eyes flashed before Yvonne's eyes, and her heart sank heavily. 
"You failed to kill Drew. How do you explain spending the whole night with him now? Last night, you said you were drunk. Did you or did you not sleep with him? How can you be sure?" Taylor sighed, frustrated "You'd better think about how to explain this to Mr. Iverson when you go back!" 
"No explanation is needed." Yvonne's long eyelashes trembled, crumpling the medicine box in her hand. "I've been with Mr. Iverson for so many years. He knows what kind of person I am. If he doesn't believe me, there's nothing I can do." 
Yvonne and Taylor discreetly left the hotel. Just as their car exited the underground parking lot, Drew emerged leisurely from the shadows. 
Just moments ago, he had installed a tracker underneath that vehicle. At this moment, the phone screen clearly displayed their whereabouts. After circling around for a while, Drew trailed them to the foot of the mountain.
To his surprise, there was a high-end club concealed within the tranquil bamboo forest. Yvonne and Taylor got out of the car and entered the club after punching in the door code. 
Moonlight danced among the treetops, and the wind played with the sparse shadows. Drew stood amidst the woods, his gaze momentarily darkening. He spread out his fingers, the exquisite silver hairpin resting in his palm. Bathed in moonlight, he twisted the tip of the hairpin with his fingertip. 
With a click, the ruby on it unexpectedly turned over, revealing a hidden compartment containing a potent toxin. 
"Heh, petty tricks. How dare you try to play with the master?" Drew's dark eyes narrowed shrewdly and were devoid of fear. Instead, he smirked with interest and said, "Yvonne, meeting me marks the beginning of your tragedy."
###chapter1258
Justin spent an entire day and night waiting outside the gates of Yara Park. 
He was that stubborn. If he could not see the person he loved and find the answers he needed, he wouldn't be able to find peace even in death. 
Last night, Justin saw the Iverson father-and-son duo arrive. He knew that they had come to stir up trouble regarding Charles, so he hid and observed, not out of fear but to avoid unnecessary trouble. He did not want Lance to think that he was colluding with the Thompson family, triggering him to cause trouble for Chairman Thompson. 
He could take care of things for the Thompson family behind closed doors, but showing up in public right now wouldn't be a good idea. The sky was dark, with strong winds raging and howling around him. The powerful wind hit his body, feeling just as intense as the punches and kicks he took last night. 
Justin's eyes were gloomy and sunken. There was a stubble of beard growing on his chiseled jaw, adding a touch of carefree ruggedness, as if he had returned to his military days. 
Just then, his phone started ringing while it was charging in the car, briefly distracting him from his deep thoughts. 
Justin opened the car door and grabbed the phone. It was lan calling. 
"lan, what is it?" His voice sounded hoarse and barely recognizable, as if he had no energy left. 
"President Salvador! I finally got through to your phone!" lan sounded as if he were on the verge of tears. "Chairman Salvador is sick and has just been taken to the hospital! Please come back and see him!" Justin felt a jolt of panic, and cold sweat once again soaked through his already damp suit. 
The Thompson brothers gathered in the wine cellar of Yara Park. They were usually a cheerful bunch, but today they were frowning as they drank in silence, especially Declan. He was drinking shot after
shot of hard liquor as if it were water, making Axel anxious just watching him. 
"Declan, you can't keep drinking like this. It's really not good for your health." Asher frowned, taking away his glass. 
"Yeah, you are not even married yet. Don't ruin your liver." Axel added. 
Declan clenched his fist in frustration, slamming it on the table. 
"You shouldn't have treated Bella like that today. You were too pushy." Asher patted Declan's shoulder, letting out a soft sigh. "You know how Bella is. She doesn't respond well to force. The more you push, the more she pushes back. I know you love her to the core. You certainly don't want her to resent you, right?" 
Axel also looked worried. "Yeah, the two of you haven't had such an intense argument since forever." 
"What do you expect me to do then? Do you want me to just stand by while my little sister gets involved with that bastard?!" Declan covered his face with his hands and rubbed it vigorously. 
His hoarse voice was filled with despair. "I really wish they hurt me instead of Bella... I wouldn't flinch, even if I were cut into pieces. I can't bear to watch her go through so much pain. Miscarriage! She could have had a child. She could have experienced the joy of motherhood like other women! But now..." 
As they thought about their niece or nephew, who never got a chance to enter this world, the brothers fell into silence. Each of them felt an agonizing ache within them. 
"It's all Justin's fault... It's all his fault!" Declan, a tall and strong soldier, was now on the verge of tears.
"We should avoid bringing up this matter in front of Bella from now on," Asher said. His throat felt dry as he handed a tissue to Declan. "Not having children isn't a bad thing. Pregnancy and raising a child are tough, and there's endless worry. Let Bella live freely like a child from now on. With us taking care of her, she'll slowly get better." 
All of a sudden, the cellar door burst open. 
"Young Masters! Something's wrong!" Quentin gasped, panicking, "Ms. Bella has run away!" 
All three brothers stood up abruptly, eyes wide with shock. "Run away?! How is that possible?" 
"She's gone! Really gone! She jumped out of the window!" 
Everyone quickly rushed to Bella's room. They found the window wide open, the raging wind and rain causing the curtains to be blown wildly.
###chapter1259
However, those expensive clothes were just for Christopher to see and for other men to admire. Has anyone truly cared for her and paid attention to her? But she had no way to turn back now. She had no choice. She and Drew were destined to be enemies. They were destined to be from two different worlds.
Yvonne took a deep breath, wiping away a tear at the corner of her eye with her fingertips.
Just as she was about to close the door, a hand firmly gripped the edge of the door, and a pair of dark, familiar eyes appeared in the crack.
"T-Taylor?!" Yvonne's heart tightened, quickly hiding the stomach medicine behind her back.
"Ms. Smith, it's truly fortunate that you're alive!" Taylor forcefully pushed open the door and rushed into the room, causing Yvonne to stumble and hit the wall. Then, two more men followed behind, silently drawing their guns from their pockets. Their expressions were eerie and sinister, like spies in an action movie.
"Drew isn't here. He's gone," Yvonne said coldly.
"Gone?! You didn't kill him?!" Taylor looked astonished. "Then what did you two do last night? Did you both just book a room?" Yvonne's head throbbed with pain, her breath shallow as she pressed her forehead. "I don't know... I drank too much, and then something happened. I can hardly remember anything." "You drank with him again? Do you know who he is?" Taylor's eyes darkened with anger, his tone stern. "Ms. Smith, you've always been cautious in your years of service to Mr. Iverson, almost never making a mistake. What happened this time? It's unlike you!" "What do you mean by that? Are you suspecting me? If there was something between him and me... I wouldn't have calone to find him last night, wearing..." Yvonne reached for her jet-black hair, her heart suddenly sinking! The hairpin her hairpin! She panicked and ran back to the bedroom, searching through the bed, sofa, and drawers, but she couldn't find her silver hairpin! Taylor clearly didn't know what was t going on with her and just kept talking to himself. "I'm not suspecting you it just that Mr. Iverson already knows about the fact that you and Drew both disappeared last night! Do you think I'm so capable of finding you? Mr. Iverson was the one who found the clues to your whereabouts!" Images of Christopher's bloodthirsty eyes flashed before Yvonne's eyes, and her heart sank heavily.
"You failed to kill Drew. How do you explain spending the whole night with him now? Last night, you said you were drunk/Did you or did you not sleep with him? How can you be sure?" Taylor sighed, frustrated. "You'd better think about how to explain this to Mr. Iverson when you go back!" "No explanation is needed." Yvonne's long eyelashes trembled, crumpling the medicine box in her hand. "I've been with Mr. Iverson for so many years. He knows what kind of person I am. If he doesn't believe me, there's nothing I can do." * Yvonne and Taylor discreetly left the hotel. Just as their car exited the underground parking lot, Drew emerged leisurely from the shadows.
Just moments ago, he had installed a tracker underneath that vehicle. At this moment, the phone screen clearly displayed their whereabouts. After circling around for a while, Drew trailed them to the foot of the mountain.
To his surprise, there was a high-end club concealed within the tranquil bamboo forest. Yvonne and Taylor got out of the car and entered the club after punching in the door code.
Moonlight danced among the treetops, and the wind played with the sparse shadows. Drew stood amidst the woods, his gaze momentarily darkening. He spread out his fingers, the exquisite silver hairpin resting in his palm. Bathed in moonlight, he twisted the tip of the hairpin with his fingertip. With a click, the ruby on it unexpectedly turned over, revealing a hidden compartment containing a potent toxin.
"Heh, petty tricks. How dare you try to play with the master?" Drew's dark eyes narrowed shrewdly and were devoid of fear. Instead, he smirked with interest and said, "Yvonne, meetingmarks the beginning of your tragedy."
###chapter1260
Justin spent an entire day and night waiting outside the gates of Yara Park.
He was that stubborn. If he could not see the person he loved and find the answers he needed, he wouldn't be able to find peace even in death.
Last night, Justin saw the Iverson father-and-son duo arrive. He knew that they had cto stir up trouble regarding Charles, so he hid and observed, not out of fear but to avoid unnecessary trouble. He did not want Lance to think that he was colluding with the Thompson family, triggering him to cause trouble for Chairman Thompson.
He could take care of things for the Thompson family behind closed doors, but showing up in public right now wouldn't be a good idea. The sky was dark, with strong winds raging and howling around him. The powerful wind hit his body, feeling just as intense as the punches and kicks he took last night.
Justin's eyes were gloomy and sunken. There was a stubble of beard growing on his chiseled jaw, adding a touch of carefree ruggedness, as if he had returned to his military days.
Just then, his phone started ringing while it was charging in the car, briefly distracting him from his deep thoughts.
Justin opened the car door and grabbed the phone. It was lan calling.
"lan, what is it?" His voice sounded hoarse and barely recognizable, as if he had no energy left.
"President Salvador! I finally got through to your phone!" lan sounded as if he were on the verge of tears. "Chairman Salvador is sick and has just been taken to the hospital! Please cback and see him!" Justin felt a jolt of panic, and cold sweat once again soaked through his already damp suit.
* The Thompson brothers gathered in the wine cellar of Yara Park. They were usually a cheerful bunch, but today they were frowning as they drank in silence, especially Declan. He was drinking shot after shot of hard liquor as if it were water, making Axel anxious just watching him.
"Declan, you can't keep drinking like this. It's really not good for your health." Asher frowned, taking away his glass.
"Yeah, you are not even married yet. Don't ruin your liver." Axel added.
Declan clenched his fist in frustration, slamming it on the table.
"You shouldn't have treated Bella like that today. You were too pushy." Asher patted Declan's shoulder, "You know leting out a soft sight shoulder.
how Bella is. She doesn't respond well to force. The more you push, the more she pushes back. I know you love her to the core. You certainly don't want her to resent you, right?" Axel also looked worried. "Yeah, the two of you haven't had such an intense argument since forever." "What do you expectto do then? Do you wantto just stand by while my little sister gets involved with that bastard?!" Declan covered his face with his hands and rubbed it vigorously.
His hoarse voice was filled with despair. "I really wish they hurtinstead of Bella... I wouldn't flirtch, even were en if I weCcut into pieces. I can't bear to watch her go through so much pain. Miscarriage! She could have had a child. She could have experienced the joy of motherhood like other women! But now..." As they thought about their niece or nephew, who never got a chance to enter this world, the brothers fell into silence. Each of them felt an agonizing ache within them.
"It's all Justin's fault... It's all his fault!" Declan, a tall and strong soldier, was now on the verge of tears.
"We should avoid bringing up this matter in front of Bella from now on," Asher said. His throat felt dry as he handed a tissue to Dedan. "Not having children isn't a bad thing. Pregnancy and raising a child are tough, and there's endless worry. Let Bella live freely like a child from now on. With us taking care of her, she'll slowly get better." All of a sudden, the cellar door burst open.
"Young Masters! Something's wrong!" Quentin gasped, panicking, "Ms. Bella has run away!" All three brothers stood up abruptly, eyes wide with shock. "Run away?! How is that possible?" "She's gone! Really gone! She jumped out of the window!" Everyone quickly rushed to Bella's room. They found the window wide open, the raging wind and rain causing the curtains to be blown wildly.
###chapter1261
Bella had gone missing. 
"Fuck! We have a big problem on our hands. How did she disappear out of thin air?" Axel put his hands over his head, his heart in his throat. 
Noticing the rummaging mess on the bed and the closet, Asher and Declan ran to the balcony. 
The brothers gasped sharply. 
At least a dozen dresses were tied together to form a rope, then secured to the railing for a descent. 
"Ash, Bella has gone mad. This is the fifth floor!" 
"Bella is insane! She's digging her own grave." 
Fear washed over Asher. His heart raced, and veins popped out of his head. "She would've fallen to her death if any of the fabric was torn. 
"Don't say that, Ash. I can't take it." Axel put his hand over his chest as his vision grew fuzzy. 
Scared stiff, Quentin did not know what to do. "Ms. Bella... Please be safe, or I'll never be able to forgive myself." 
"Does Dad know about this?' Asher asked desperately. 
"Chairman Thompson is worried about Ms. Amelia. I didn't want to add to his troubles." 
"Keep it from him. Dad is doing poorly. We can't put any strain on him." 
Asher clutched his aching chest. "Don't startle anyone at home. We'll initiate a search party right away."
"There's a bad storm now. Ms. Bella doesn't have her phone or anything on her. How is she going to survive out there?" Quentin stamped his foot anxiously. "It's all my fault. I should've kept watch over her the whole time." 
"I don't think she has gotten far. We can still catch up to her." 
Asher looked out the window. "Is Justin still out there?" 
"Mr. Salvador has been gone for a while," Quentin replied. 
Axel cussed, "Fuck! Jerkface couldn't have left at a worse time. Bella must have gone after him. They will miss each other." Declan's heart skipped a beat. 
He was filled with regret. 
If only he had not been so rude to Bella. Things were spiraling toward Asher's worst nightmare. 
"If Bella is following Justin, she will be heading toward Savrow. We'll eventually get to her along the way." 
Asher ran out and instructed Axel solemnly, "Call Drew. Tell him to come back to search for Bella together." Axel nodded. "That's right. Drew always has a way." 
A bolt of blue and purple lightning streaked across the sky as rain poured. 
Bella was drenched from head to toe. She shivered. Her teeth clattered when the rush of biting wind blew against her skin. 
Her phone was confiscated, and she had no money. Bella even lost her slippers while fleeing. Her bare feet, now bleeding and covered in mud, were vulnerable to the sharp pebbles beneath them. She had never felt so exposed and disheveled.
However, the solitary journey, laced with struggles and obstacles, could not stop her from breaking free from her cage and running toward love. 
All she wanted to do was love someone. 
Yet, it was challenging to this day. 
Bella believed her family would quickly realize she was gone. Her brothers would not leave any stone unturned to find her. 
Instead of taking the wide and bustling routes, Bella opted for the longer, winding, and less trodden course to Savrow. 
She found herself in a dark, desolate area with no stores along the way. 
Bella walked in the cold rain for a long time. Her head felt heavy, and she experienced bouts of shivers and fever. She was drained. 
Suddenly, her eyes lit up when she saw two shimmers of light in the distance. 
Overjoyed, she pulled herself together and sprinted to the light source. 
Upon closer inspection, she realized it was an auto repair shop that had not closed for business. 
With the cold getting to her, Bella entered the shop without hesitation. 
Inside, four men played poker while joking and laughing.
###chapter1262
With a visitor at the door, the men looked over. 
The sight of Bella took their breath away. 
Tonight must be their lucky day. 
The rainy storm brought them a beautiful woman. It was their chance to get lucky. 
"What can we do for you, gorgeous?" One of the men checked her out lewdly. 
Their eyes were drawn to Bella, whose wet clothes clung to her skin. 
"I'm sorry to bother you." 
Bella panted heavily as chills shook her to the core. "Can I borrow a phone? I'll make it worthwhile." 
"Make it worthwhile? Haha. How do you plan on doing so?" 
The four men licked their lips and closed in on Bella with vulgar smiles. "How about letting us touch, kiss, and screw you? You can make all the phone calls you want. Hehehe." Bella burned with rage. 
Today was hard enough for her. She was barely surviving the long walk, and now she had come across four hooligans. 
One of the perverts eagerly reached for her well-endowed chest. 
Bella struck back by seizing his arm and wrenching it back. 
She then kicked him on the back of his knees, making the man kneel. The man howled, "Argh! Ow! That hurts!" 
"Didn't you say you wanted to screw?"
Crack! 
Bella fractured the man's arm. The bloodthirst was reflected in her eyes. "Well, I'll screw with you!" 
Nigel was rushed to the hospital due to another stroke. Fortunately, Matt was there to get him timely treatment. Nigel was expected to make a full recovery. 
However, Nigel was too worried about Bella to eat or sleep. He looked haggard and exhausted. 
Gregory was not in Savrow. Since the stroke happened too suddenly, only Justin and Matt were by Nigel's side. 
Justin carried a bowl of oats and fed a spoonful to Nigel. 
Nigel did not have any appetite. Justin's bruised face and low spirits gave Nigel everything he needed to know. Though Nigel felt sorry for Justin, his tone was harsh. "What did you get yourself into? Did you go to Anna?" 
Justin's breath hitched. "Yeah." 
"Did the Thompson boys beat you up?" 
Justin pursed his lips tightly. 
Reading Justin's mind, Nigel raised his brow. "Don't tell me that your former father-in-law hit you." 
The answer was in Justin's silence. 
"Hmph! You deserved it! If I were Wyatt, I would break your legs. You should be grateful they let you go without any broken limbs." Nigel did not take his grandson's side at all.
"Grandpa..." 
Looking broken, Justin looked up and whimpered dryly, "Can you tell me what I should do? What do I need to do to get back together with Bella?" 
Nigel shook his head helplessly. "You're not the only one who did wrong by her. I don't know how to face her either. She's a good kid. She could've lived a carefree life without getting involved with our family. We destroyed her." 
A deafening silence befell the ward. 
"Maybe you should stop figuring out a way. Start with a sincere heart and take things one step at a time to make things right." 
Nigel put his hand on Justin's shoulder. It felt heavy. "From now on, instead of thinking about how to get back together with her, you should think about how to protect her." 
"I don't want to let her go, Grandpa." 
Hanging his head low in dejection, Justin fought back the urge to cry. "But I know I don't deserve her." 
His phone vibrated.
###chapter1263
Justin stared at the unfamiliar number on the mobile screen in a daze. 
Not many knew of his private number. In the past, he would never take a call from an unknown number. 
However, for some reason, his heart raced. 
Justin accepted the call and placed the phone close to his ear. "Who is this?" 
It was noisy on the other end of the line, with rain in the background. 
"Hello? Who is this?" 
Justin would have hung up a long time ago, but he stayed patient for once and waited for an answer. 
"It's me... Justin..." 
Bella's weak and soft voice sounded broken in the howling wind. 
Her voice cut through Justin like a knife. 
"Bella?" 
Justin's eyes flickered in joy and surprise. He jolted to his feet, his breathing heavy and shaking. A call from Bella was the last thing he expected. 
"Justin... I want to see you... I'm so tired..." Bella's voice trailed off. 
"Where are you, Bella? I'll go to you now." Justin teared up as a whirlwind of emotions overtook him. 
"I-I don't know where I am..."
On the other end of the line, Bella could not keep her emotions at bay and sobbed. "I walked a long way... I can't go on anymore... My head is spinning... I just want to take a little nap..." "Don't sleep, Bella! Listen to me! Don't fall asleep!" 
Justin felt a flip in his gut. "Don't hang up. I'll lock down your location now. I'll find you." 
Listening in a corner, Nigel tensed up. His heart was in his throat. 
"Grandpa, I'm sorry. I—" 
"You don't have to say anything, Justin." Nigel waved his arm understandingly. "Go on. Nothing is more important than finding Anna." 
Justin clutched his phone and sprinted out of the ward. 
"You must find Anna and keep her from harm's way," Nigel shouted with tears. 
Justin paused before giving a solemn nod. 
Justin took the wheel and sped to Hatchbay in the rain, with lan in tow. 
He swiftly assembled a team, and a dozen black sedans had a hard time catching up to Justin's ride at 180 miles per hour. 
His team believed Justin was driving a jet instead. 
The rain caused a slippery road and low visibility. Justin was risking his life to travel at such a speed. 
lan gripped the door handle, his face as white as a sheet. His heart could jump out of his chest.
"Mr. Salvador, p-please calm down. I know it's imperative to find the young madam, but you should ensure your own safety too." 
"Things aren't looking good for Bella. She might be in danger." 
Justin's eyes were bloodshot as he trembled in fear under his power suit. "Every second counts. Bella could be in far greater danger if I were one second later. How am I supposed to stay calm?!" lan stopped talking and closed his eyes to pray. 
"Have you pinpointed her location?" Justin's head was drenched in sweat. His voice was raspy. 
"I have her on GPS. We are two kilometers away from her." 
Suddenly, the GPS tracking went missing on the iPad. Ian exclaimed in a fluster. "Oh, no! We lost the signal on the young madam." 
Justin's heart sank. 
He could only pray that Bella's phone was out of battery. He hoped Bella did not encounter something horrifying. 
"Bella... Wait for me. I'll be there soon." 
The car finally arrived at the last known GPS location.
###chapter1264
Justin's subordinates arrived at the scene soon after. They carried flashlights and spread out to search for Bella. 
Though his leather shoes and pants were covered in mud from running into the rain, Justin could not care less. His red-rimmed eyes were laced with anxiety and worry. "Slow down, Mr. Salvador. Be careful!" lan tried to keep up with him. He was dumbfounded. 
What happened? 
Why was Bella alone in a shithole? 
Bella sorted out the four perverts and whacked them to the ground. 
However, the fight drained her completely, and it took everything in her not to collapse. 
She snatched the phone from one of them and headed straight into the rain in the dark again. 
Not wanting to be tracked down by the persistent perverts, Bella did not stop once to rest, as she had no more energy to fend off another danger. 
Bella numbly walked ahead, unable to feel her legs. 
Finally, she could not move another step anymore and went limp in a run-down gazebo. She took a quick break before contacting Justin. 
Above all, she feared Justin could not find her. 
Time passed. 
Bella hugged her knees and curled up into a ball, burying her face into her legs and drifting off. However, she clung tightly to the phone. Her dream brought her back to three years ago.
Bleeding profusely from the car crash, she gripped the doctor's arm and pleaded in tears. 
"Please save my baby..." 
"Bella!" 
Lost in her dreams, Bella heard Justin calling out to her, but she lost the strength to answer him. 
A warm embrace and firm chest enveloped her shivering body. 
"Justin... Is that you?" Bella murmured, her eyes flickering with tears. 
Justin pulled his arms closer together, pressing her against his chest. His voice was muffled and hoarse. "It's me... Bella, I'm here." 
His breath hitched when he saw her curled up in a ball from afar. He felt like his heart had been ripped into half. 
Tears rolled down his cheeks and dripped on Bella's shoulders. 
He could cry a river. 
Not in the right headspace, Bella mumbled, "Justin... Our child... We lost our child! Please save our baby!" 
Her words hit him hard. 
His shaky palm reached for Bella's forehead, and the scorching temperature shocked him. 
"You're burning up, Bella! I'm taking you to the hospital now." Justin took off his jacket, covered her with it, and picked her up.
Bella's cheeks were flushed as she rambled, "Our baby..." 
"It's okay, Bella. We'll be fine even without a child." 
With teardrop-stained lashes, Justin bent over to kiss her burning forehead. "You are my baby. I will spoil you, love you, and protect you. You are all I need." 
Justin carried Bella through the storm while lan teared up and grinned from the overwhelming emotions. 
After getting into the car, Justin threw away his soaked jacket and covered Bella with the blanket from the hospital. He hugged her tightly, his eyes red. "Take us to the hospital now, lan." 
"Yes, sir." 
"No..."
###chapter1265
Bella narrowed her eyes and helplessly clutched Justin's sweaty hand. "My brothers will find me in no time if we head to the hospital. They will take me home. "I don't want to go home, Justin... I want to be with you." 
Heartbroken, Justin choked with sobs. "But you're burning up." 
"It's okay. I can just take some pills." 
Bella then closed her eyes and passed out. 
During the wee hours of the morning, Carrie slept tight in the quiet villa. 
Instead of going to the study, Ryan moved his files into the bedroom. That way, he could stay by his girlfriend's side without missing out on work. 
Ryan found himself thrust into the heart of the Hoffman Group's operations, buried knee-deep in work. Liam tasked him with several projects, transforming him from an idle, wealthy heir into a busy man. Before, Ryan did not understand why Justin was always busy because all Justin had to do was put his signatures on documents. 
Now, Ryan kneaded between his brows and sighed. He wanted to take back everything he said before. 
Following a knock on the door, Yasmin's voice came through. 
"Could you come out for a minute, Mr. Hoffman?" 
Ryan put down the file and went to open the door. 
Yasmin looked at him anxiously. "Mr. Salvador is here, Mr. Hoffman." 
"Who? Justin? At this ungodly hour?" Ryan's eyes widened in disbelief.
"Not just Mr. Salvador, but Ms. Thompson too." 
Sensing something amiss, Ryan sprinted downstairs. 
In the living room, Justin held Bella in his arms while sitting on the sofa. Despite his discolored face, Justin stared intently at Bella, who was conscious. "What's going on, Justin?" 
Ryan ran over in shock. He knew something was wrong when Bella lay limp in Justin's arms. 
"What's wrong with Bella?" 
"I'm sorry to bother you this late, Ryan." 
Justin said in a struggle, his lips quivering, "But I didn't know where else I could take her undetected, so I came to you. I'm sorry." 
"Don't say that. We're buddies. I will always welcome you. You can count on me at any time of the day." 
Ryan knew something big must have happened. Though worried, Ryan did not pry into it. 
"Bella is having a fever. Do you have anything to reduce her fever?" Justin asked in a raspy voice. 
"I'll get you the medicine right now." Yasmin got right down to it. 
"I don't think the medicine alone can help Bella." 
Ryan instructed, "Contact my private doctor, Yasmin. Tell him to come and check on Ms. Thompson now." Yasmin took Ryan's orders. 
"I'm cold... It's freezing..." Bella groaned, muddled-headed. 
Justin drew a deep breath to fight back the tears. He wished he could transfer his warmth to her.
"No offense, but life has been nothing but trouble when Bella is with you, Justin." 
Ryan stood before them and shook his head bitterly. "The Thompson brothers must be looking for Bella everywhere. Their sister is their world. I doubt they will stop until they find her. 
"The last incident hasn't blown over, and now you took Bella away. Things aren't looking good for you." 
"That's for sure, but they can't get any worse either." Justin curled his lips in despair. 
Ryan gritted his teeth angrily. "Fuck! You're better off eloping."
###chapter1266
Elope... 
Justin stared intently at Bella's pale face, his emotions getting the better of him. 
"I want to grow old with Bella, but I can't be selfish. Bella's family isn't like mine. I can leave everything behind for her, but I can't forgive myself if she leaves her family for me. She won't be happy without the blessings and company of her family." 
Justin shook his head in agony, his voice raspy. "I have taken too many things away from her. I nearly destroyed her. Ryan, I can't hurt her anymore. I don't want her to lose anything ever." "That's your assumption. Have you asked Bella what she wanted?" 
Ryan caught on and furrowed his brows. "It's stormy tonight. It must have taken a toll on Bella to go to you. Family is important, but Bella cares more about you. She wants to be with you. If you tell yourself to move on, supposedly for her sake, a greater danger than tonight's could unfold, leading to tragedy. I hope you won't regret your choice, Justin." 
The words shattered him. 
Justin's mind wandered back to Bella's pleas to save their baby. 
The fever brought about Bella's ramblings, but beneath her smile lurked unspoken trauma, a silent cry for help. 
'How did you do it, Bella? How could you smile when you see my damn face? How could you be so kind to me?' Justin thought to himself. 
Justin let the tears flow and slapped himself right in front of his best buddy. 
"What are you doing, Justin?"
Ryan grabbed Justin's arm. "Be a man and snap out of it! If you want to hurt yourself, I can provide you with all my kitchen knives. You can stab yourself to your heart's content." 
The private doctor quickly arrived and examined Bella. 
Sitting by the bed, Justin did not take his eyes away from Bella's discolored face. He held her hand to his lips and kissed it. 
"Her temperature is 41 degrees Celsius. It's bad." 
The doctor gave Bella a jab and put her on drips. "She could've gotten an infection if treatment was delayed. 
"But Mr. Salvador, I'd suggest taking Ms. Thompson to the hospital at dawn. I don't have the right equipment to give her a comprehensive examination. The best I can do is alleviate her fever. If she keeps burning, she will have to be admitted to the hospital." 
Justin put his shaky palm on Bella's sweaty head. 
Bella was still hot to the touch. Justin hoped everything would be better at the break of dawn. 
"That reminds me, Mr. Salvador. Has Ms. Thompson injured her hands in any way? Did she break them?" The doctor suddenly asked in shock. 
Justin was taken aback. "Fractured? What do you mean?" 
"Look at her left pinky. From my experience, she must have broken her finger and torn her ligament, which didn't heal completely." 
Justin's heart pounded violently. 
"Huh? How did that happen?" Ryan was shocked.
"It's an old injury, as far as I can tell. She likely didn't receive timely treatment after she was injured." 
Ryan was surprised. "Bella is precious to the Thompson family. They would call the ambulance even for the tiniest cut on her. I doubt she would leave a broken bone untreated." "Even though the pinky may not have much use in everyday life, a broken pinky is considered a disability." 
A disability? 
Justin's breath hitched as he clutched Bella's hand. 
He had asked Bella about her pinky, but she changed the subject and refused to give him a straight answer. 
What on earth happened that she would deflect from talking about it? 
After the private doctor left, Yasmin delivered a pair of clean pajamas and left the room with Ryan. 
Justin put Bella in some clean clothes and brought a basin of water over. Getting down on one knee, he used a wet towel to wipe her muddy feet. 
He could not ever get enough of her beautiful feet.
###chapter1267
It broke Justin's heart to see Bella's feet covered in injuries, blood stains, and dried dirt. 
"Bella... I want to make you happy, but happiness is the one thing I didn't give you." 
Justin closed his eyes and breathed heavily, his throat hiding a whimper. 
His phone vibrated. It was a call from Matt. 
Justin rubbed his eyes and got up to take the call near the window. "How is Grandpa doing, Matt?" 
"Old Master Nigel is doing well. He was up worrying about Ms. Thompson and slept late. Did you find Ms. Thompson, sir? The Old Master asked about her before he went to bed." Matt sounded concerned. "I found her. Tell Grandpa when he wakes up not to worry. I will keep her company." 
The question was how long he could stay with her. 
"I'm sorry, sir..." Feeling bad, Matt spoke in a hoarse voice, "It's all my fault. If I had told you Ms. Thompson lost the baby, things wouldn't have come to this." 
"You have nothing to do with it. I caused this." 
Justin fell silent before a thought struck him. 
He remembered Christmas three years ago. Justin was away in Meridan, visiting a project site. 
Due to the time zone difference, he could not possibly have taken her call during the day when the car crash happened. 
"Did you mention before that Bella tried to call me, but I didn't pick up, Matt?" Justin tensed up. 
"Yeah. Ms. Thompson contacted you right away."
Matt sighed. "It's in the past now. You're okay. Don't beat yourself up. You were away often, too busy to even eat, as you tried to establish yourself in the company. You didn't mean to miss her call." Suddenly, Justin froze. 
It was all coming back to him. 
That day, Justin was working in the Meridan branch when Rosalind came over and dragged him to some event. 
Justin turned Rosalind down to rush to a meeting, but she threw a fit and dumped his phone in the fish tank. 
Bella's call for help must have come at that time. 
Justin's head spun. 
"Sir? Sir? Are you there? Are you alright?" Matt asked worriedly. 
Justin held onto the windowsill as his body sank to the ground. He was on the verge of a breakdown. 
The next morning, Justin was relieved that Bella's fever had subsided. 
Bella opened her eyes, and the first thing she saw was the love of her life. She slipped into his arms emotionally, and they locked in an embrace. "Justin? Am I dreaming?" 
Bella raised her swollen eyes and pinched Justin's gaunt face red. 
She should be pinching herself to see if she was dreaming. 
However, Justin did not feel the pain. Pleased, he ran his fingers down her hair. "You're not dreaming, Bella. It's me. Touch me if you don't believe me." "This is wonderful."
Bella threw herself into his arms. Swept by a whirlwind of emotions, she burst out crying. 
She pinched hard and wailed out loud. At least it looked like she had regained her strength. 
After snuggling up for a moment, Justin drew close to her and murmured in her ear, "Bella, I'm so, so sorry. Once you're all better, you can hit me all you want." 
"Why should I hit you?" Bella blinked. "Do you have someone else in your life? Did you get lonely when I wasn't there?!"
###chapter1268
Justin grimaced. "Bella..." 
"I'm just kidding. Look at you." Bella gave his cheek a little squeeze, but she was upset because his cheeks had sunken. "You look haggard. Are you trying to make me feel sorry for you?" Justin interlocked his fingers with hers and fell silent, the tear stains from last night still evident on his face. 
After much consideration, he decided not to talk about it. Instead, he sealed her lips and engaged in a lingering kiss. 
He would remember the hurt and pain for her and make it up to her for the rest of his life. 
... 
Carrie woke up to learn Justin and Bella were there. Her face lit up with joy. 
She wanted to check on Bella, but Ryan held her from behind. "Give Bella and Justin some time alone, my dear wife. They had it rough." 
"Uh... But I miss Bella." Carrie's eyes sparkled with anticipation. 
"Don't you miss me?" 
Ryan turned his wife around to face him and gave her a sad look. "I didn't sleep a wink last night. Don't you miss me?" 
"Uh... I see you every day." Carrie looked confused. 
Ryan pouted. 
Oh, no.
Ryan was still in the honeymoon phase of the relationship, but Carrie acted like they were an old couple now. 
Panicking, Ryan wrapped his arm around Carrie's waist and locked tongues with her. Carrie melted in his arms. 
Carrie drew back after a moment, a sliver of saliva trailing from her lips. 
"Be good and see Justin and Bella later, okay?" Ryan's fingers rubbed against her moist lips. He was pleased with her bashful and intimate response. "Alright then." 
With the kiss taking her breath away, Carrie said meekly, "I'll make Bella a cake. She has a sweet tooth. I'll deliver the cake to her later." 
Since Carrie wanted to show off her baking skills, Ryan would make sure everything was in order. 
Once Yasmin prepared the ingredients and tools, Carrie rolled up her sleeves, put on an apron, and worked like a busy bee in the kitchen. Ryan could not get enough of her. 
"I want some, babe. Feed me." Ryan tilted his bottom on the kitchen counter while leaning toward Carrie with an open mouth. 
Having a playful moment, Carrie swiped a lick of butter and wiped it on his chin. She held her belly and burst out laughing. 
"Oh, my. Someone's naughty. I'm going to eat you up." 
As the couple fooled around, the doorbell rang. 
"Huh? Are you expecting a guest, Ryan?" Carrie blinked in surprise in Ryan's embrace. 
Ryan furrowed his brows.
First of all, Ryan rarely met guests at home. Secondly, only a handful knew where his home was. 
"Yasmin, go and see who it is," Ryan instructed solemnly. 
"Sure thing, Mr. Hoffman." 
Yasmin went to check it out. 
However, she was not back for a long while. 
The sudden thud in the hallway scared them. 
"Wait here, Carrie. I'll go and check it out." 
Ryan walked into the living room and gasped sharply at the visitor. 
Yasmin, who was trained professionally, was pinned down against the wall by a handsome man. 
"This place is pretty sweet. I like it." 
Drew narrowed his eyes and looked around. When his gaze finally fell on Ryan's puzzled face, he curled his lips. "Maybe I should get a property here, and we can be neighbors."
###chapter1269
Ryan's hair stood the moment Bella's brother showed up. 
Though highly revered in the underworld, Ryan became small in the face of Drew. Plus, Drew was Bella's brother. There was no way Ryan would want to hurt him. 
"I'm sorry... Mr. Hoffman. Yasmin heaved heavily and looked at Ryan, blaming herself for losing control of the situation. 
Ryan swallowed hard and shouted urgently, "Don't do anything rash. I'm sure the young heir of the Thompsons won't hit a woman." 
"So I should just stand here, take a beating like a man, and let her kill me?" Drew yawned nonchalantly. "Am I that stupid?" 
Ryan had nothing to say. 
He knew Yasmin's loyalty lay with him. Yasmin would take drastic actions to punish those who were against Ryan. 
"But you're right. I don't hit women." 
Drew released his hold on Yasmin and looked up. "You should thank your lucky stars that you're a woman. Otherwise, I would've broken your arms." "Bastard!" A proud individual like Yasmin could not take the humiliation lying down. With a menacing look, she pulled a punch, but Ryan stopped her. 
"Stop it, Yasmin! He's Ms. Thompson's brother." 
Yasmin paused and pulled herself back. 
Brother?
The untamed man turned out to be Bella's brother and an heir of the Thompson family. 
Drew cheekily stuck his tongue out at a dazed Yasmin before turning to Ryan. His gaze was piercing. 
"Bella and Justin are here, right?" 
The room was a haven of tranquility. 
Noticing the bruise on Justin's face, Bella cupped his face angrily and heart-wrenchingly. "Who did this to you? Tell me." 
"I fell when I was on my way to you." Justin smiled bitterly while putting his hands over hers. He caressed her hands gently. "As if you fell flat on your face. Are you that silly?" 
Bella was flushed with rage. "Did Wyatt and my brothers beat you up when you came to my place two days ago?" Justin explained, "No. Not at all..." 
"It was them! You served in the army. You would tie with Drew in a fight. I doubt they could harm you unless you stood there and just took it." 
As her eyes welled up, Bella reached for his face but was afraid to hurt him. "Of all the places to hit you, why your face? They're so mean." Justin's eyes reflected tenderness. The pain was the last thing on his mind. 
However, Justin teared up with joy, sadness, and remorse because Bella cared so much about him. He grabbed her hand and refused to let her go. "That's not important, Bella. Nothing matters more than you being here with me." 
Justin felt a lump in his throat.
Bella tearfully plunged headfirst into his arms and held him tight. "I'm back, Justin. I don't ever want to leave you again." 
A flurry of hurried knocks erupted at the door. 
"Justin! Bella! Open the door!" 
Bella and Justin exchanged glances. "Carrie?" 
Justin picked Bella up from bed and helped her to the door. They swung the door open. 
Panicked, Carrie still had buttercream on her cheek. "Justin! Bella! A bad guy has come to catch you." 
"A bad guy?" The couple was taken aback. 
Drew emerged behind Carrie, his eyes exuding aloofness. 
"Bella." 
"D-Drew..." 
Bella turned white and shouted, "Close the door, Justin!" 
Even though Justin prided himself on his composure, his mind went black at the sight of Drew. 
Carrie snapped out of her trance and closed the door in a hurry.
###chapter1270
Carrie could not close the door fast enough to block Drew out. Drew stuck his hand on the door frame. Try as she may, Carrie could not shut the door. 
Drew sighed and smiled wryly with a frown as his once-close sister feared and resisted him. 
"Don't hide away from me, Bella. I'm not here to bring you home." 
Justin and Bella were surprised. "Huh? Drew..." 
"It has never been my intention to break you up." 
Drew looked at the couple, who went through a lot. Fate seemed to have other things in mind. He felt bad. "I only sought you to make sure you were safe and sound. Don't be scared." 
His words hit a nerve in Bella. 
Feeling a lump in his throat, Justin pursed his lips. 
He did not expect that from Drew. 
Someone in Bella's family was willing to take his side and believe him. 
"Drew!" 
Bella went up and hugged Drew, and the latter embraced her warmly and ran his fingers along her hair. "You're a silly girl. You jumped from the fifth floor just to get out. If anything were to happen to you, how are we supposed to live? We'll be monks and dedicate our lives to God." 
"What? Bella..." Justin froze in shock, his eyes widening. 
"I'm fine, aren't I? It's just five floors down." Bella wiped her snot on Drew's black shirt.
"I know you. No one can stop you from doing what you want. You even jumped off the plane in the South Island the last time." Drew wiped her snot with his tie. 
There was only one woman Drew would spoil. 
"Can you cut the crap?" 
Bella sniffled. "Why would you become a monk if I were gone? It makes sense if Justin becomes one." 
Ryan nervously arrived on the scene. 
As things were not as tense as he thought, Ryan heaved a sigh of relief and pulled Carrie into his arms. 
"Um... Ryan, did I get the wrong idea about that man?" 
Feeling bad, Carrie lifted her innocent-looking face. "I thought he was one of the bad guys." 
"Yeah, he's not a bad guy." 
Ryan thought to himself, 'He's just a devil.' 
After consoling Bella, Drew looked up callously and approached Justin. 
"Thank you, Drew, for giving me a chance," Justin said hoarsely. 
Suddenly, Justin caught a fleeting shadow. 
Drew swung his fist at Justin's face. 
"Justin!" 
"No, Drew!" It was too late for Bella to stop him.
Justin braced himself to take the hit. 
Nevertheless, Drew stopped right before his fist touched his nose and scoffed. "Don't flatter yourself. I just don't want Bella to be sad because you're the only one for her. Do you really think I will let the past go?" 
Justin's chest tightened. "I'm sorry. I know I deserve to die, but thank you for not taking Bella away, even if it's just temporary. Every extra second I get to spend with her is a gift." 
Surprised, Drew slowly withdrew his arm. 
Bella eagerly returned to Justin's side and locked fingers with him. 
"Let me share a piece of good news." 
Feeling bad for his sister, Drew did not want to stay the bad guy and softened his tone. "I found the hideout of the woman who highly resembles you, Bella." 
The news was a godsend for Bella and Justin.
###chapter1271
Ryan got excited too, but he did not want Carrie to get involved with this messy stuff, so he asked Yasmin to bring her back to her room while he stayed for the drama. 
Justin wrapped his arm around Bella and sat on the sofa, listening attentively to Drew recounting his meeting with Yvonne that day, including how she hid weapons on herself, attempting to seduce him but failing instead. 
However, he did not tell them that Yvonne gave him a sudden, electrifying, and passionate kiss. 
While immersed in the kiss, he still remembered her sobbing softly, tears streaming down her face. 
She came with a target for his life. He did not cry, so why was she crying? 
"Fuck... How surreal!" 
Ryan was stunned while he listened. "Is this something that could happen in our modern society? It sounds like something out of a medieval action story!" 
Drew glanced at him in disdain. "Where there are people, there are bound to be idiots." 
Ryan gritted his teeth, his face expressing restraint. 
Firstly, he could not beat Drew, and secondly, he was Bella's brother and Justin's brother-in-law. Ryan would be in a difficult position if he offended Drew. 
"Hey, the beauty has practically handed herself to you on a silver platter. Didn't you go along with her plan?" 
Bella's mood had lightened, teasing her brother while leaning on Justin's chest. "You haven't had any fun for some time, right? The opportunity is rare to come by." "Do you think I've never seen a woman
before? Am I the type of person who would pounce at any woman, unable to control my lower body?" 
Drew mocked Ryan again. "I'm not him." 
"I... Fuck!" Ryan's face was red from suppressing his anger, and he continuously cursed Drew in his heart. 
"But she looks so much like me. Didn't you always say you wanted to find a wife like me? Axel even scolded you for being a pervert obsessed with his sister.” When Justin heard it, he felt jealous, but he did not dare to show it. His face was also turning red. 
These two best friends were quite a match. 
"Fuck, I've never used anything fake in my life, and I'm supposed to settle for a fake woman? Do I look sick in the head?" Drew could not hold back anymore. "Fine, I won't tease you anymore." 
Bella's expression immediately became serious. Despite her relaxed tone, she still felt a lingering fear in her heart. "You said you hid somewhere else after you settled the woman in a hotel, using her as bait to lure the mastermind behind her. So who does she belong to?" 
Drew smirked coldly, brought up a photo on his phone, and put it on the coffee table. 
The three people inched closer. 
Suddenly, the air in the room turned cold. 
In the photo, they could not be more familiar with the man who brought Yvonne away. 
It was Christopher's secretary, Taylor. 
"It's him... As expected!"
Bella fumed, shaking with anger, a chill creeping up her spine. "It's not enough that he tried to harm Asher and Camilla. Now, he even reached his wretched hands toward you, Drew! He's simply insane without any humanity!" 
However, this time, Christopher had schemed against the wrong person. 
People say that Christopher was a cold-blooded venomous snake, but little did they know that Drew was also a snake. 
Justin hugged Bella's trembling body tightly, his warm palm repeatedly rubbing her shoulder, comforting her silently with his gentle actions. 
He had long guessed the answer in his heart, so after confirming it now, he was not particularly surprised. 
"That time, Justin was lured to the hotel by this woman, falling into Zoe's trap. Everything makes sense now. Christopher set up the stage behind the scenes, using that woman and my stupid sister to destroy the relationship between Justin and Bella, forcing Justin to marry Zoe. This roundabout and evil scheme is indeed that bastard's style!" 
Ryan gritted his teeth angrily. "Justin, he caused Bella to misunderstand you, made everyone think you were an irresponsible playboy, and caused Chairman Thompson to resent you until now... He almost succeeded! He's too evil and despicable!" 
Bella felt a prick of pain in her heart, and she lowered her eyes, feeling guilty. 
"He won't succeed." 
Justin looked down, kissing Bella on her slightly red cheeks. "Bella knows I'll never lie to her. She will always trust me."
"Fool." Bella shrugged, her tone carrying a hint of stubbornness due to being embarrassed. "What if I don't understand you? What if I refuse to turn back?" 
Justin's beautiful eyes curved into a smile as he gazed at her, full of affection. "I'll wait a lifetime for you."
###chapter1272
Seeing them cuddle affectionately, Drew felt relieved, even though he had countless complicated emotions. 
The Thompson brothers strived their whole lives to let Bella find her happiness. However, they could not set the standard for her happiness. She should choose and decide for herself. After experiencing so many hardships, she still chose Justin without hesitation. It would be inhumane and heartless of them to forcefully deprive her of her true love, ruining her happiness. "Christopher had been guiding and controlling Zoe behind the scenes. During the banquet, we pressured and interrogated her, but even so, she did not sell him out." 
Justin's gaze was heavy. "I don't think she's loyal to Christopher, but rather, she genuinely didn't know who was giving her ideas and using her as a pawn." 
Bella nodded in agreement. 
Ryan's eyes were red in anger, his hands on his knees trembling as they clenched into fists. "Bella, Justin, I'm sorry. It's my failure as her brother to educate her. My mother and I spoiled that brat too much, turning her into this inhumane animal!" 
"Ryan, don't say that. It has nothing to do with you," Justin comforted gently. 
"She refuses to be a good human and serves as Christopher's bitch instead!" 
Ryan punched the coffee table, cracking the ceramic cups on it. "If she's so willing to serve that bastard, I'll kick her over to him, letting her suck up to him as she wishes!" 
Bella pursed her lips, at a loss for how to comfort Ryan. 
After all, it was indeed unfortunate for the family to have such a despicable and shameless sister.
"Forgive me for being blunt. Just by looking at Yvonne's appearance, I can tell that Christopher has good taste in women." Drew crossed his arms and leaned against the sofa casually. "With your sister's looks, Christopher wouldn't even let her carry his shoes, even if she went to serve him. She'd probably have no chance to suck him up." 
Ryan, Justin, and Bella were speechless. 
Why did it sound like Drew was making dirty jokes? 
"The woman named Yvonne might be a sharp tool Christopher keeps by his side. After all, beauty can be a deadly weapon." 
Looking at the woman in the photo with an extremely similar face, Bella's gaze darkened. "This woman must have been with Christopher for some time. Her face was probably meticulously crafted by him. Their relationship is definitely not ordinary. She must know many of his secrets." 
Ryan's mouth hung open in shock, his horizon expanding. "Fuck... Christopher can't have Bella, so he keeps a woman who looks like her by his side to satisfy his filthy desires? Then isn't Yvonne Bella's..." 
Substitute. 
Justin was stunned, burning with anger. 
He thought of how Christopher kept that woman, treating her as Bella's substitute, and in a place where they could not see, he might even use her as his sexual fantasy. Those yearnings and desires he could not fulfill from Bella would be vented on that substitute. 
"Ugh..." Bella gagged. "He's too disgusting. But even if she was a substitute, he still does not deserve it!"
Drew continued, "I followed them and watched them enter a secluded private club. The entrance has a password system, and it's strictly for members. I couldn't follow them in to avoid arousing suspicion." "A private club?" 
Justin was not one to frequent clubs, and Bella was not from Savrow, making her even less likely to know. 
Therefore, the couple turned to look at Ryan. 
"Are you referring to Pivotage?" Ryan asked tentatively. 
"Bingo! We still have to rely on Mr. Ryan, the professional playboy!" Drew snapped his fingers mockingly.
###chapter1273
Ryan's expression was bitter, feeling like those words were not actually praise. 
He had only himself to blame for fooling around too much in the past, and now that he had genuinely turned over a new leaf, his stereotypical image could not be erased. "I've investigated it with Sky Eye. The owner of Pivotage behind the scenes is Christopher." 
Drew's brows furrowed. "Not only did he appear there frequently, but he was also in close contact with several influential and powerful people in Savrow. 
"Pivotage is a private club on the surface, but it's in fact a den of corruption, where officials and businessmen collude. I think that Christopher is just a pimp." 
"Sky Eye?! Are you serious? You even used the secret agent headquarters' system to investigate this?!" 
Bella's eyes widened. "Isn't that like using a cannon to kill a mosquito? Drew, don't risk your career for this small matter. It's not worth it!" 
"Bella, what's not worth it for you?" 
Drew's dark eyes narrowed, and he leaned over, holding Bella's hand. "Don't worry. It's not a big deal if I occasionally use it. Moreover, I don't want to waste more time on that viper. I want to help you guys get rid of this trouble sooner." 
Drew included Justin as well, not just Bella, when he said "you guys." 
Justin was moved, and he felt a lump form in his throat, unable to speak. 
Bella's eyes reddened, her fingertips curling in Drew's palm. "Drew... Thank you."
"I know you are too eager to let everyone know that Christopher set Justin up, and you want Wyatt to know how wronged he was. Otherwise, Justin can't even qualify to be your boy toy, let alone your husband." Drew glanced at Justin and snorted. 
Bella's delicate brows furrowed. "Drew!" 
"Hey! Justin is wholeheartedly loyal and devoted to Bella, unwilling to marry anyone else but her. He'd gladly become a boy toy! Haha!" Ryan smiled widely, patting Justin's shoulder wildly. Suddenly, the room turned quiet, and everyone was speechless. 
Bella cast her gaze down. "Ryan, you're quite good at lightening things up, huh? Don't do it next time." 
Ryan immediately shut his mouth. 
"Since this woman is a key figure around Christopher, we shouldn't touch her for now. It's best if we could monitor her secretly," Justin suggested. 
"I think it's not enough to monitor her." 
Bella had further plans. "We need to try our best to get Yvonne on our side. First, investigate her, understand her, and take her down." 
Justin could not hide his worry. "Bella, it might be hard. Christopher has been in Sentania for fifteen years. He would have his confidants and people who would be loyal to him. Otherwise, his influence could not have spread so widely. That woman knows she is a substitute and that Christopher is using her, but she is still willing to stay by his side for many years. It would be hard for outsiders to break their relationship." 
"Why not?"
As her words fell, Bella's ambiguous gaze fell on Drew's face. "If Drew takes action, we can definitely win over Yvonne. She targeted his life that night, hiding weapons and poison, seemingly determined to kill him. But in the end, she betrayed Christopher and let him go. She must have taken a fancy to Drew. If so, Drew will be our key to breaking the deadlock." 
Justin and Ryan gulped in terror. 
Bella was truly ruthless. She was even willing to sell out her brother! 
They thought Drew would be mad, but unexpectedly, he raised his brows in interest, smirking. 
"Sure. Let me see what that woman is like." 
Damn! Drew was really willing to do it. Was it because of his professionalism as a top-tier secret agent? "Bella, will it be too dangerous?"
###chapter1274
Justin could not help worrying. "That woman failed last time, so she will definitely find another chance to harm Drew. After all, she's controlled by Christopher, and it's hard for us to defend against whatever vicious methods they use." 
Before Bella spoke, Drew snorted disdainfully, a wicked and arrogant smile dancing between his lips. "Ha, the person who could kill me hasn't been born yet!" 
"Ah!" 
Heart-wrenching screams echoed from the dark and damp basement in Pivotage. Even the guards standing outside the door frowned instinctively. 
The scene happening in the basement was even harder to look at. 
Iron cuffs shackled Yvonne's wrists, her whole body hanging mid-air, her fragile figure only clad by an almost transparent lace nightgown. The white lace was stained red by her blood. 
"Mr. Christopher... I..." Taylor held a whip, his hand trembling. 
"What? You couldn't bear to watch?" 
Christopher's lips curled into a cruel and bloodthirsty smile. Behind his blood-stained glasses, his eyes flashed with a terrifying light. "Or do you want to end up like her?" 
Taylor had no choice. He could only hold the whip as he gritted his teeth, walking to Yvonne, who was bloody and battered. 
"Ms. Smith... Please endure it. Mr. Christopher's orders... I..."
Yvonne panted weakly, lifting her heavy eyelids. "Don't show mercy... Whip me to death... It's best to... Just kill me... Anyway, my life is worth nothing..." 
When Christopher heard her words, he suddenly jumped up angrily, as if she had struck a nerve! 
He strode over and pushed Taylor away, then viciously seized Yvonne by the throat! 
"It seems you've developed genuine feelings for Drew." 
Christopher glared at her with his raging eyes, his fingers tightening. "Are you resisting me with such passive aggressiveness? Huh? You always tried to survive no matter what, but now you don't want to live anymore? Yvonne, I gave you life. Only I can decide your fate, not even yourself!" 
Yvonne was barely able to breathe. Her eyelids were half-closed, covering her wet eyes. Her haggard face visibly turned red and purple. 
In the past, she would definitely explain herself to Christopher. 
She did not love anyone else. Since that moment of fleeting amazement when she met Christopher at the age of fifteen, her heart only belonged to the man before her, who wanted to kill her. But now, she thought that trying to explain only made her look like a joke. 
Even if she could explain the night she spent with Drew and the box of medicine he gave her, she could not justify the extremely gentle and romantic kiss she shared with him. 
Taylor was scared out of his wits. "Mr. Christopher! Calm down! You will strangle Ms. Smith to death!" 
"She dares to betray me for Drew. Does she not deserve to die?!" Christopher roared. 
"Ms. Smith has used her seduction skills to help you solve so many problems. She's only repeating it this time!"
Taylor and Yvonne were colleagues for many years, and he more or less cared for her, racking his brains to help her explain. "And think about Drew! He is the toughest to deal with among the Thompson brothers! Now that Ms. Smith left a good impression on him, she can get close to him, and we'll have no trouble finding a chance to get rid of him!" 
His words woke Christopher up. 
Christopher's violent gaze darkened, and his hands, still on her neck, relaxed a little. 
"Ms. Smith! Stop being stubborn. Apologize to Mr. Christopher!" Taylor urged. 
"Sorry..." 
Yvonne's bloody lips suddenly curled up, chuckling. She looked broken. "But Chris... What did I do wrong? I did everything... You asked me to... You never cared about me... And I accepted that... What else do I owe you? Tell me..."
###chapter1275
Christopher tugged at his pale lips. "So you found a man who cared about you?" 
Yvonne's heart was pierced through by his mocking smile. 
"Do you think Drew likes you? Cares about you? Just because he spent a night with you and gave you stomach medicine, do you think he has feelings for you?" 
Christopher loosened his hand on her neck and instead jabbed at her forehead. "I thought that even though you were lowly, you would still have a bit of brains. But now, it seems that you're useless. Letting you have Bella's face is a humiliation to her." 
In Yvonne's gaze, the man she had loved for ten years gradually turned blurry, unfamiliar, and distant. 
Her tears of heartbreak flowed like a broken dam, but Christopher was unmoved by her pain. "Stop dreaming. No one understands those men from the Thompson family more than me. Just like me, they only care about Bella. She is the only one they love. With your background working for me, do you think you could capture his heart? When he figures out who you are, only death awaits you." 
Christopher took a silk handkerchief from his suit pocket, gracefully wiping off the blood on his slender fingers. "Give it up, Yvonne. You're unworthy." 
"How about you..." 
Yvonne felt a surge of courage, smiling through her bloody tears. "Do you think... You deserve... Bella Thompson... No matter how hard you work, in her eyes... There's only Justin..." 
Christopher felt as if he had been struck in the gut. Anger overwhelmed him, and his fists cracked, creating a terrifying sound. 
"Ms. Smith! Please, say less! What do you gain from going against Mr. Christopher?!"
Taylor's forehead was covered with beads of sweat. He advised, "Mr. Christopher! Please calm down! Stay calm! You can't continue beating her... You'll really kill Ms. Smith! If she dies, what value will she have for you? Don't you think it's a loss?" 
Indeed, Christopher's vicious gaze gradually relaxed. 
Taylor was with him day and night and knew too well what he wanted. 
Christopher was an extremely selfish person who only acted out of self-interest, only interested in things and people who would benefit him. 
As long as she still had value, he would not touch Yvonne. 
At this moment, Christopher's phone rang. 
He turned over and threw the silk handkerchief away, taking his phone. His expression changed drastically when he saw the name on the screen. He immediately picked up the call. 
"Mr. Christopher, you must be quite pleased with yourself recently, huh?" 
A man's voice sounded, always carrying a hint of mockery from someone superior. "Now, you've removed all obstacles. The Thompson family hates Justin to the core and refuses to have anything to do with him. Your big day with Ms. Bella is about to proceed, isn't it?" 
Christopher recalled how Bella humiliated him that night and Wyatt's ambiguous attitude. He clenched his fists indignantly. "I'm grateful for your help, but the situation now is unclear. However, I won't give up or Bella until the day I die." 
"Alas, you are still not ruthless enough. If you have mercy on others and consider too much, it will only bring you pain while your enemies thrive."
The man smiled lazily. "If I were you, I'd take her by force, even if she's unwilling. I wouldn't let my efforts go to waste. If it were still unsuccessful, I'd ruin her completely." 
Christopher's thunder-struck expression stiffened on his face. "I think I still need some time... I have some trouble to deal with now. Once I've dealt with them, I will think of a way to let Bella marry me." "Forget about your family's trivial matters for now. You have a bigger problem waiting for you." 
The man's voice suddenly turned cold, as if he were a different person. "Shannon's case is about to go on trial soon. Gregory and that lawyer could not stop it. The prosecutor handling Shannon's case is Bella's brother, Axel, and the investigator is Ralph. All of them are from the Thompson family. Gregory couldn't save Shannon, even if he wanted to. 
"Winston had confessed everything about Shannon, but the instigation of murder does not have solid evidence, so it will be hard to convict her. But with Justin and Bella's hatred for Shannon, they would not let her off so easily. Naturally, they won't let you off too."
###chapter1276
The man chuckled. "What should you do, Mr. Christopher? Your little fiance is trying to kill you all the time." 
"Ha... Even if I couldn't get her love, my life is worth it if I obtain her heart-wrenching hatred." Christopher pushed his glasses, his gaze dark and deep. "When are you going to get rid of Maxwell? If that man falls into Justin and Bella's hands, your good days will reach their end." 
"The new private plane I bought will arrive next week." 
Christopher had an exquisite and handsome face, but his smile was chilling. "At that time, I'll send him and his brothers on the road to hell." 
After a brief reunion with his sister, Drew left early, as he had to return to inform and comfort Asher and the others. 
Bella had been running around all night, having mud all over her body. Although she had changed into clean pajamas, her body and hair were filthy, which was unbearable for someone who loved cleanliness like her. She could not endure another second. 
"Ugh... It smells!" 
Bella sniffed her hair, almost rolling her eyes from the bad smell. "I can't. It smells too bad. I feel like an earthworm that came out of the dirt. I want to bathe!" 
"You're not smelly at all." 
Justin took her into his arms, burying his nose deeply in her soft hair. "You smell good." 
"I don't care. I want a bath!" Bella twisted in his warm chest like a cute kitten.
"Bella, your body is still weak, and taking a bath will worsen your fever." 
Justin touched her forehead and gently coaxed, "If you feel uncomfortable, I'll get some water and wipe your body, okay?" 
"No! How can that compare to bathing?" 
Bella wrapped her arms around Justin's solid and narrow waist, raising her neck and pleading with her eyes. "Let me take a bath. It'll not be a problem if you set the temperature properly." 
Justin lowered his eyelashes, gazing deeply at her face, his heart melting. "I can't win against you. I'll fill the bath for you and set the temperature right." 
Just as he was about to stand up, Bella suddenly grabbed his hand. 
"Justin..." She looked at him with watery eyes. 
Justin's heart thumped so fast that he felt a little out of breath. He asked in a trembling voice, "Together?" 
"Together." 
Justin's eyes slightly reddened, and he scooped up her thin waist, carrying her princess-style, and walked toward the bathroom. 
Bella immersed herself in the bubble bath, wholly naked. 
However, Justin still wore a white shirt and pants, obediently kneeling outside the tub to wipe her body, acting like a humble servant. 
Bella scooped up a handful of bubbles and mischievously blew them at his face.
"Naughty." Justin's head and brows were full of bubbles, and he pinched her chin lightly. 
"What's with you today? You're so well-behaved." 
Bella's fair body emerged from the water, her lips closing toward Justin's, and even her breath was a fatal seduction. "When did the wolf that wants to pounce on me every time he sees me become devoid of desires? Hm?" 
Justin's heart tightened, and a subtle pain spread throughout his limbs. 
In the past, he wanted to be intimate with her every day and night. 
But he thought of himself as useless and inadequate, so he did not deserve her. 
"Bella, can I ask you a question?" 
Justin's voice was hoarse, slow, and restrained. "Back then... Why didn't you tell me?"
###chapter1277
'Why didn't she tell me?' Justin silently asked himself this question at every moment, continuously exhausting and torturing himself. 
If only he knew Bella was pregnant at that time... If he knew their child was gone... 
"Justin, don't blame yourself. It's not just your fault for failing to protect the child. As the mother, I bear responsibility too." 
Bella's lashes fluttered, and she smiled with relief, but it made his heart ache. "Even if you made it back in time, it wouldn't have changed anything. 
"It's already a relief that Grandpa Nigel is fine. Otherwise, I'd feel guilty for the rest of my life." 
Through the foggy air, Justin's eyes gradually moistened, but his throat grew dry, croaking. "After that? You had a thousand chances to tell me... Why didn't you say it?" 
Bella lowered her eyes, shrinking back into the water like an aggrieved little rabbit. "You were having a tough time, flying all across the world. You were always exhausted when you came home and in a bad mood. I didn't want to pressure you further and complicate things for you because of this matter..." 
"Complicate things?" 
"You didn't love me back then." 
Bella curled her body into a ball, trying hard to adjust her breath, as she did not want him to notice her upset emotions. "No matter how I look at it, it's troublesome for a man to impregnate a woman he doesn't love, right? I hoped you would fall in love with me, but I didn't want you to accept me out of guilt. I know you have a pure soul. You're kind by nature. Because of that, I didn't want to make things complicated for you."
A kind person... 
Would a kind person inflict all this misfortune and wounds on her? 
Bitter and hot tears fell from Justin's red eyes, washing away the bubble foam on his cheeks. 
"Bella... What's so good about me? You really shouldn't fall in love with me." He repeatedly murmured, feeling lost, like a child who had done something wrong. 
"Fool. Who else would I love if not you? You are the man who stunned me when I was eleven, the light I was always chasing after." 
Bella's wet hands grasped his hands, her fingertips curling. "If you want to make it up to me, please don't let go of my hands for the rest of our lives." 
With a splash, she pulled hard, suddenly dragging Justin into the tub. Bubbles surged, and water splashed everywhere. 
The next second, they embraced each other passionately. Bella's face was red as she was entangled in a deep kiss with him. They indulged in pleasure in the warmth of the tub. 
After some time, the sky had darkened. 
Bella's body was clean and fresh under Justin's affectionate and meticulous care, but her temperature rose. 
Ryan's private doctor came in time to give her a shot. 
After hanging an IV drip and covering her forehead with a wet towel, Bella felt a little more comfortable. 
"You really..."
Justin helped her adjust the drip speed, then leaned down to kiss her warm cheeks. "I've said you can't take a bath. Look, you started burning again. Next time, you must listen to me.” "Tsk... Don't you know how my fever started again?" Thinking of their bathroom intimacy in the evening, Bella could not help feeling excited, her forehead burning even more. 
Just as Justin was embarrassed and did not know what to do, lan called. 
"lan, what is it?" 
"Mr. Salvador! Charles has been bailed out by the Iverson family!"
###chapter1278
"What exactly happened?" 
Justin's eyes narrowed, and he shared a glance with Bella tacitly. 
"Just now, Lance and James brought him out of the police station, and they even called a bunch of reporters! 
"James shamelessly tried to clear Charles' name in front of the media, saying that he was innocent and set up by someone else. Everything was just a misunderstanding." Ian's anger burned stronger as he spoke, his voice breaking. 
"Fuck! How is this possible?!" 
Bella immediately sat up on the bed, causing Justin's face to pale with fright. He immediately pressed her back down. "Bella! Don't move too much. Be careful of the needle!" 
"How is it possible?! How could that pervert be let out of the police station?!" 
Bella snatched the phone and yelled anxiously at lan, "Justin and I had made the arrangements, and Wyatt knew about it. He loves Amelia, too. How could he let the Iverson family do as they please? Why didn't he stop them?!" 
"Young Madam, calm down for now." Ian's throat was dry from anger. "I'm still investigating the details. Please wait for my update with Mr. Salvador." 
Immediately after he hung up, Bella could not endure it any longer, planning to contact Ralph. 
However, as if there was a telepathic connection, another call came through Justin's phone in time. 
Bella stared at the screen, her heart skipping a beat as she pursed her lips.
"Bella, who is it?" Seeing her sullen expression, Justin quickly asked. 
"It's... Asher." 
Justin pursed his lips too, and after a moment, he said softly, "Bella, answer it. Don't let your brother worry anymore." 
Bella felt uncomfortable when she thought of how controlling her brothers were. She sounded crossed when answering the call. "Don't bother to speak if you want to take me home. If not, keep it short and simple." 
On the other end, Asher's expression stiffened, and his heart felt as if it were pricked by needles. 
Bella was always sweet and gentle when she spoke to him, even over the phone. She would sound cute and affectionate. 
But their relationship had become tense and estranged. The more he wanted to protect her, the further he pushed her away. 
"Bella, Drew had told us about your situation." 
Asher's voice was gentle as usual. "If you feel safe and happy by his side, I won't stop you anymore." 
"Ash..." Bella was surprised, her breath hitching. 
"Bella, you were right. I only wanted to protect you because I failed to do so, resenting myself. I tried to make myself feel better, even at the expense of stripping you of your rights to love someone." Asher chuckled bitterly. "For the past two days, I've asked myself what I truly want. I only desire for you to gain genuine happiness, and this happiness is not something others force on you or measured by
someone else. If I love you, I should give you whatever you want. If you want freedom, I should learn to let you go." 
Bella's heart tightened, and she felt a knot in her throat. "Ash..." 
Justin stood by her side, listening to Asher's heartfelt words and feeling his eyes tear up. 
"I'll gradually convince your other brothers. As for Dad..." 
Asher paused, trying to sound casual. "As long as you have a good life, he'll understand it one day. So, Justin, you know what to do next, right?" 
"Yes. Please rest assured." 
Justin's voice was hoarse as he pulled Bella into his arms like a treasure. "Bella is the only one for me. I'll care for her with my life."
###chapter1279
The words were few but etched into his bones. 
He did not need to elaborate further. 
The siblings had reconciled at this point. 
In Bella's heart, Asher was as important as Justin, and she could not bear to throw a tantrum with him. She was merely retaliating against her family's pressure. 
"Ash, how did that bastard Charles get bailed out? Why didn't Wyatt stop it?!" Bella was burning with anxiety. 
"I called mainly for this." 
Asher took a deep breath and gritted his teeth. "Considering Amelia's reputation and our family's image, Aunt Celeste decided to withdraw the lawsuit after discussing it with Dad." 
"Withdraw the lawsuit?!" Bella and Justin's eyes widened with shock! 
"How else would Charles get bailed out of the police station?" 
Asher could not conceal the frustration in his tone. "Not only that, the Iverson Group had bribed the major media in Savrow, preparing scripts to clear Charles' name, portraying him as a pitiful victim. "Even if we fight back, the lawsuit has been withdrawn, and we could do nothing to him." 
"Is Wyatt out of his mind?! For his image, he's disregarding his daughter's dignity?! Does the Thompson family need an image to survive?" 
Bella was fuming, her shoulders trembling. "Aunt Celeste is gentle and weak. This must be Wyatt's idea! She can't defy it!"
"Bella, you're wrong this time." 
Asher sighed helplessly. "It was Aunt Celeste and Amelia's suggestion. Dad was strongly against it at first, intending to duke it out with the Iverson family. However, Aunt Celeste was stubborn, and I think it was the biggest fight between her and Dad. Therefore, Dad could only respect Aunt Celeste and Amelia's wishes, swallowing his pride." 
Bella already had a fever, and her vision darkened from the anger as she listened. 
Although it sounded harsh, was this not like having a useless teammate in a team battle?! 
"Amelia is a Thompson and unmarried. If this incident spreads, even if she is the victim, it would harm her reputation. It's unpleasant to be pushed into the limelight and pointed at by others. Besides, with such vicious people on the internet who are especially judgmental toward women, Amelia is at a disadvantage. If this incident were exposed, Amelia would be hurt the most, not that animal." 
Justin patiently stroked Bella's back, analyzing the situation calmly. "Bella, don't be mad at them. They made this decision after weighing the pros and cons." 
"Who cares about the online haters?! They are just a bunch of flies envious of the rich! As for those narcissistic upper-society people, we don't need to care about what they think! Those profit-seeking scum... Aunt Celeste and Amelia belong to the Thompson family. The KS Group is a billion-dollar conglomerate. Even the President has to respect us. Who dares to look down on my sister?!" Bella's eyes flashed with anger. 
Asher fell silent. He knew that when Bella was overwhelmed with anger, it was useless to comfort her. 
But Justin watched her and patiently explained. "Bella, you're not wrong, but you overlooked a key problem. Not everyone is as fearless and strong as you."
Bella was taken aback, lowering her eyes, but her fingers curled tightly. "Yes, you're right. But we can't let this matter go like this. Charles and the whole Iverson family must pay for it! If the law can't punish them, we will!" 
Justin narrowed his eyes, his thin lips curling into a chilling smile. "It's more convenient to take matters into our own hands." 
Bella closed her eyes, trying to adjust her breathing and calm down. "Ash, go to my room. There's a document about Astrid's husband accepting bribes and corruption on my laptop. Hand those to Axel. He should know what to do." 
Justin and Asher were both stunned. 
Bella was so amazing. During the two days she was grounded, she had to fight the Iverson family, argue with her family, and be immersed in the sadness of being separated from her lover, yet she still had the energy to do this. 
"Not only that, I've secretly investigated Astrid too. She's not innocent either."
###chapter1280
Justin rested his chin on her head, rubbing it softly. "If my darling wants to target that woman first, I'll arrange it.” 
"Amelia... Why?!" 
Steven was shocked when he heard they dismissed the lawsuit. He kneeled beside Amelia's bed on one knee and held her sweaty hand tightly. "I could be your lawyer and fight against the Iverson family for you! We could definitely win this lawsuit! Why must we back down? We must duke it out with the Iverson family!" 
"Steven... I'm sorry..." 
Amelia was curled into a ball on the bed, hugging her knees, and looking at Steven with tearful eyes. "I know how you feel, but I'm sorry..." 
The more she apologized, the more Steven felt as if his heart was strangled, draining his blood dry in agony. 
What wrong did Amelia do? 
The only ones in the wrong were that animal, Charles, and the Iverson family, who tried to cover it up. 
"Steven, let this matter end here... Don't stand up for me anymore." 
Amelia shook her head repeatedly with tears in her eyes. "After all, I'm Wyatt's daughter. The Iverson family can't do anything to me. But what would you do if they targeted you? If they tried to harm your family secretly, what would you do? Besides, Charles insulted me. Although he did not succeed in the end, how would your family see me if this matter got big?" 
"Amelia..." Steven's expression went blank, and he could almost hear his heart break into pieces.
At this moment, he finally realized something. 
It turned out Amelia was not afraid of standing in the limelight or public opinion. 
She feared the Lovett family would look down on her, failing to give them a good impression. 
"Steven... Since I was very young, I dreamed of marrying you. Until now, I still want to take your last name." 
Amelia softly caressed the face of the man she loved so much. "I know your family dislikes me. If I can't stand before them with a pure body, it'll be impossible for them to accept me. It'll make things difficult for you since you're stuck in the middle." 
She did not know that her sister had said the same words the night before. 
The sisters were too considerate, always thinking of their loved ones. They kept suppressing their grievances. 
Bella had fought her way out, but when would Amelia welcome her happiness? 
Steven's throat bobbed, and he pulled the woman he loved into his arms, hugging her with everything he had. 
"As long as you're willing, we can get married anytime." 
His arms gradually tightened, as if he wanted to merge with her. He solemnly vowed, "I will only ever take you as my wife." Amelia felt touched, closing her teary eyes. 
She did not know what the future held for her, but at this moment, she would even die happy. 
At this moment, someone knocked on the door. Sasha's anxious voice came from outside.
"Steven, are you inside? Can you come out?" 
Steven was stunned for a second. He then walked to the door and opened it. 
"Aunt Sasha, are you looking for me?" His eyes were still slightly red. 
Sasha glanced inside the room, pulled Steven out, and closed the door behind her. 
Steven seemed to realize something and quickly asked, "Aunt Sasha, did something happen?" 
"Go downstairs and see for yourself." 
Sasha looked worried, saying in a low voice, "Your mother and brother are here."
###chapter1281
Steven's heart sank, and he immediately flew toward the living room downstairs. 
Wyatt was not home today. After hearing that his daughter had secretly run off to find Justin and even jumped off the building, Wyatt was shocked and furious. He rushed to Savrow with Quentin. However, they were intercepted halfway by Asher and Drew. Drew even went as far as to smash the tires of Wyatt's multi-million-dollar Rolls-Royce to stop him from beating up Justin. 
No one knew where the brothers took Wyatt or what the current situation was. 
Thus, Wyatt's wives and Amelia were the only ones at home. 
"Mom, your body is weak. Take it easy." 
Hunter supported Chelsea, who looked haggard, to sit on the sofa. 
He comforted his mother gently. "Since we know that Steven has been with Amelia all these days, you don't need to worry. Steven is almost thirty years old. It's his first time being in love, so it's understandable that he couldn't control himself, falling head over heels in love with her. You have to be mentally prepared for this when you raise a child. Among us brothers, Steven has always been the best to you and Father. Don't get angry over this matter. You should take care of your health first." 
Hunter's words seemed comforting on the surface, but he was actually sarcastically fanning the flames. 
As expected, Chelsea's expression darkened, and she coughed while clutching her chest. "I think your words might come true! If I don't step in now, will he still respect me as his mother or his family?" "Mom, you're overthinking it. It's not as serious as you said!" Hunter patted Chelsea's back. 
"You're right. Steven has met too few women in his life and has had little experience dating, so he was easily seduced by that girl. He has turned into another person!"
Chelsea gritted her teeth indignantly. "If I don't step in now, he wouldn't even know if he's been deceived. It would be my failure as a mother!" 
"Deceived? Mrs. Lovett, I wonder who you're afraid of deceiving your son?" 
A cold and regal voice suddenly sounded, startling the Lovetts. 
Mila and Celeste walked over, hand in hand. Mila was noble and elegant, showing her upbringing as a prominent family's daughter. 
Chelsea pursed her lips awkwardly and forced a smile. "Madam Mila, how have you been?" 
Among Wyatt's three wives, Chelsea had always looked down upon Sasha and Celeste, whose backgrounds were unworthy of mention. However, Mila was the only one she did not dare to offend. "Mrs. Lovett, I know you're just anxious for your son, but Steven is your son, not your daughter. Is it suitable to watch over him excessively like a fragile flower in a greenhouse?" 
Mila ignored her greetings and smiled coldly. "Steven is a good child, but if you keep monitoring him like this, you might just crush his individuality. Moreover, can you control him forever? It's better to relax and enjoy your retirement with Neil. Don't end up destroying your relationship with your son." 
Chelsea immediately burned with fury, standing up from the sofa. "Madam Mila, I know my son the best. I did this to protect our relationship! Steven is still young and inexperienced. He's simple-minded, especially lacking judgment in aspects of love! He doesn't know what kind of woman suits him the most, not even realizing he has been led astray." 
Celeste's eyes immediately turned red from anger, feeling breathless. 
Chelsea did not mention a word about her daughter, but she was clearly insulting Amelia with each word! How could she tolerate this?!
However, Celeste was clumsy with words. Luckily, Mila had spoken up before she opened her mouth, her eyes sharp and intimidating. "Mrs. Lovett, are you talking about Amelia? You'd better think clearly before answering me." 
Seeing that the situation was tense, Hunter quickly grabbed his mother, hoping to stir up trouble. 
Unexpectedly, Chelsea was motivated by her love for her son. She smiled instead as Mila provoked her. "Madam Mila, don't take it the wrong way. My child knows his place. How could he deserve someone from the mighty Thompson family? Only a family like the Iversons could match the precious Ms. Amelia, who was born with a silver spoon." 
Celeste's face flushed red, and even the corner of her lips twitched slightly.
###chapter1282
Mila could hardly suppress her anger either, wishing she could grab a fistful of soil from the nearby flower pot to shove it into this woman's foul mouth. "Mom! What are you saying?!" 
Steven rushed to Chelsea from the stairs in the blink of an eye. His eyes were wide with hatred, feeling like a ball of roaring flames. "What the hell are you saying? How can you say that?!" 
Seeing her son with a patch over his left eye and bruises still visible on his face, Chelsea felt so distressed that her tears streamed down. "My son! What happened to you?! Who hurt you? I'll seek justice for you!" 
As she spoke, she reached out her trembling hands, trying to caress Steven's cheeks, but he slapped her hand away. 
"If you still want to hear me call you Mother, please make sure you never say those ridiculous words ever again!" 
Steven held himself back, his veins seemingly about to burst. His right eye was bloodshot. "Also, Amelia is my girlfriend! I will only ever marry her! Don't associate her with the Iversons. They're a filthy garbage dump of a family!" 
"Steven, you... You..." 
Chelsea was scolded by her son in front of Wyatt's wives, which hurt her pride. She was so shocked that her tongue was tied in knots. 
"Steven! What are you doing?!" 
Hunter came forward and supported Chelsea, who could not stand steadily, looking like a concerned elder brother. "Do you know how much Mom missed you and how worried she was about you?! You were sued by the Iverson family!"
Mila and Celeste were stunned! 
However, Steven's face showed no panic, and he questioned coldly instead, "So? What does it have to do with you? I can handle it myself." 
"Handle it yourself? How are you going to handle it? You're only going to make things worse!" 
Hunter pointed at his face disappointedly. "The Iverson family is suing you for intentional injury, and we can't guard against whatever they have up their sleeves. Fighting against them is like hitting a rock with an egg. Besides, you know better than anyone how all your injuries happened!" 
"Hunter! Shut up!" 
Steven stepped forward and grabbed Hunter's collar, lifting him off the ground with one hand. "If you really care about Dad and Mom, you shouldn't have told them about this! Don't think I don't know what you're planning. Come at me if you have any resentment, but if you dare target Amelia and her family, I definitely won't let you off!" 
Chelsea instantly understood, and a chill went down her spine. 
Her son had offended one of the four great families, the Iversons. They would try to completely destroy him. 
What difference did it make that they had assisted the Thompson family for many years? To the KS Group, they were only pawns to be discarded after being used. Wyatt and Lance were like brothers. How could he possibly side with her son if anything really happened? 
Chelsea thought, 'Steven only got into this huge trouble because of Amelia, that mistress's daughter! What a vixen! Why did she come to ruin my son's life?!'
Immersed in horror, Chelsea suddenly felt a squeezing pain in her heart. She sweated all over her body and collapsed in Hunter's arms weakly. 
"Shit! Mom is having a heart attack!" 
Hunter quickly took a pill from his suit pocket and fed it to Chelsea, shouting at Steven, "Call the ambulance!"
###chapter1283
Despite how much Steven wanted to stay to accompany Amelia, he could not turn a blind eye to his mother's condition and took her to the hospital. After the intense family drama, the spacious living room exuded a suffocating tension. 
Celeste clenched the hem of her shirt tightly with her right hand and grabbed Mila's arm with her left hand, unable to utter a word after a long time. 
"Celeste... Are you alright?" Mila rubbed Celeste's cold hand. 
"I'm fine." Celeste's voice was dry and trembling. 
"Although the Iverson family is a den of vipers, the Lovett family isn't much better!" 
Mila shook her head indignantly. "Wyatt had even assisted them in their early years. I thought they would genuinely feel grateful to our family, but now it's clear that they've raised an ungrateful wolf cub. Steven is a good man, but his parents and brother... Sigh! I'm afraid Amelia would be bullied if she marries into that family!" 
"Mila, don't say it anymore." 
Celeste closed her eyes with tears, shaking her head in guilt. "It's not Steven's or anyone's fault... Blame me if you must. I'm useless and powerless, unable to give my daughter a happy marriage." 
What they did not know was that Amelia had hidden herself upstairs in the dark, witnessing everything. 
She heard Chelsea's and Hunter's harsh words and saw Steven standing up against his family without hesitation, for her sake. 
Amelia felt as if she were being stabbed by a knife.
Leaning against the wall for support, Amelia slowly made her way into a dark corner like a staggering elder, curling up and hugging her knees, wanting to hide herself from the world. "Amelia? Amelia? Are you there?" 
Sasha followed the sound and saw Amelia sobbing, curling into a ball like a kitten. Her maternal instincts kicked in despite never having children of her own. She pulled Amelia tightly into her arms as her eyes reddened. 
"Girl, why are you crying alone here?" 
Beads of tears hung on Amelia's eyelashes, her pitiful appearance causing distress to Sasha's heart. "Aunt Sasha... Is it impossible for me and Steven to be together? 
"Mrs. Lovett seems to hate me. Am I that terrible?" 
"Bullshit! Don't belittle yourself! That old hag's eyes and ass had switched places, so she can't see how much of a treasure you are! Don't get gaslighted!" 
Amelia was initially sad, but her stepmother's straightforward words cheered her up again. 
"Yes, that's the spirit! Our Amelia looks the best when she smiles!" Sasha reached out to wipe away her tears, but she still felt quite upset inside. 
Sasha was pissed. 
After sending Amelia back to her room, Sasha felt more dissatisfied the more she thought about it. 
Therefore, she took out her phone and called someone she had not contacted for a long time. 
It was one of her underlings when she was still in the Southern Star Syndicate, a child adopted by her father named Elias Storm. He used to be a lowly thug, but now he has become a leader in the gang.
"My young lady! I can't believe that I'm receiving a call from you! Am I dreaming?!" Elias almost cried. 
"You're fucking not. I'll keep things short. Help me beat someone up." As usual, Sasha did not bother speaking nonsense. 
"Who? Please give your orders!" 
Sasha gritted her teeth as she spat out a name. "Hunter Lovett!" 
Elias did not bother to probe further. "No problem. Same old rules?" 
"Same old rules. As long as he's not dead."
###chapter1284
The next day, in a luxurious nightclub's private lounge, smoke swirled as indulgence and debauchery filled the room. 
Hunter enjoyed the beautiful women and fine liquor, feeling smug and carefree at this moment. 
The man sitting opposite him was none other than James Iverson, the president and heir to the Iverson Group. 
Since James had invited Hunter to the gathering tonight, it meant Hunter had obtained James' approval and officially established a connection to the Iversons. 
Hunter could navigate smoothly between the Salvadors and the Iversons in the future. Did he still need to be wary of the Thompson family? 
"Mr. Iverson, it's just a small favor to me. You're too polite." Hunter had a beautiful lady in his arms, appearing puffed up. 
"A few glasses of wine is nothing much." 
James swayed his wine glass, raising his brows with an ambiguous smile on his lips. "It can't compare to your guts, Mr. Lovett. To think you'd set up your own brother for intentional harm. One, it gives my brother an outlet to vent his frustrations. After all, someone would need to take the fall for Charles' sufferings. Secondly, it could hinder the relationship between Steven and Amelia. Your mother obsesses over her sons. Now, she'd probably rather die than let her son marry the daughter of a Thompson family mistress, right? You really killed two birds with one stone." 
Since he could not touch Justin and Bella for now, he would start with the people around them. 
Steven wanted the woman Charles could not get? Dream on!
"Haha... It's all thanks to your generosity, Mr. Iverson." 
Under the influence of money and alcohol, Hunter shed his civilized facade, his eyes gleaming with greed. "Given that the target is my brother, the price you offered is pretty generous indeed. Of course, I must cooperate with your plan with everything I have." 
"Steven is your brother, whom you've grown up with. Aren't you distressed for him?" James smiled and asked. 
"Ha, he's not my brother." 
Hunter gritted his teeth in resentment, his gaze vicious. "He's merely Bella's dog!" 
James tutted, sipping his wine gracefully. 
"Mr. James, you know my capabilities in the field of law. You can leave Mr. Charles' case to me, and I will definitely turn the tables for you. Besides, if your company has any legal problems in the future or needs legal consultation, you can come to me. I will be at your service anytime." 
James raised his eyes lazily, looking at Hunter's flattering smile, and said casually, "No wonder you're so well-known, Mr. Lovett. You're versatile and adept. Based on what I know, you have close ties to Chairman Salvador and have helped the Salvador Corporation clean its ass more than once." 
He continued, "But it seems you've handled Mrs. Salvador's drug case poorly this time. Mrs. Salvador still has not been released from custody, and her case will be on trial soon. As it has a terrible impact on society, this case will be publicly tried. Not even the Salvador Corporation could stop it." 
His smile gradually became disdainful and contemptuous. "Your record for being undefeated has been shattered by Bella and Justin. This matter has spread in the industry, affecting your reputation. How do I trust your professional ability again?"
Hunter's smile stiffened on his face, feeling his cheeks burn in embarrassment while anger rose in his chest. 
"Although Mrs. Salvador's case will be publicly tried, the courtroom is my stage. Even if I can't get Mrs. Salvador acquitted, I can still minimize her punishment." 
Hunter gritted his teeth, downing a glass of wine. "Just wait and see." 
"Then I'll wait for your good news, Mr. Lovett." 
James glanced at him mockingly. "If you could settle the Salvador family's problems and prove your worth, we will have countless chances to work together." 
Drunk, Hunter stumbled toward the parking lot angrily. 
His mood turned from elation at the beginning to feeling like a heavy rock had been placed on his shoulders, almost suffocating him. 
At this moment, he finally realized that James had used him. He turned his back and even painted a rosy picture for him. The Iverson family was truly a den of snakes.
###chapter1285
Hunter secretly cursed James. "Burp! Fuck... If Shannon's case didn't fall through, do you think a famous lawyer like me would be willing to join your stupid drinking party?!" 
He tugged on his tie fiercely, spitting at the ground. "Just you wait. I'll win a splendid victory when Shannon's case goes to public trial. At that time, even if you kneel to beg me, I won't even give you a spare glance!" 
Just as he squinted at his phone to call for a driver, four young men wearing flashy shirts and suits walked out from a dark corner, holding bats. They chuckled and surrounded him in the middle. 
"You... What are you guys doing?!" Hunter sobered up, widening his eyes in shock. 
"Can't you see? We're about to beat you up." 
Before his voice fell, a bat swung toward Hunter's back, beating him to the ground. 
"Ahem... Do you know who I am?!" 
Hunter felt as if his spine was about to break, and he collapsed on the ground in fright, trembling. However, he still tried to act tough to save his pride. "I am a famous lawyer! I am the Salvador Corporation's legal advisor! The Iverson Group's president is also close to me! How dare you beat me? I will make sure you can't survive in Savrow anymore! I'll let you rot in prison!" 
"Hahaha! Who are you trying to scare? We're regulars in the cell. It's like going home for us. Do you think we're scared? We heard you take on any case and that you're a lawyer without morals. Today, we'll be heroes of justice! Beat him harder!" 
Hunter curled into a ball, holding his head, while the four young men punched and kicked him. He felt like a baseball being hit around by a bat.
"I'm wrong! I'm sorry! Please have mercy!" 
In a few minutes, he had multiple fractures. Blood was streaming down his face, and he knelt on the ground, begging for mercy. 
A car was parked in the distance. 
Elias leaned against the window, trying to hold back his laughter but failing to as he took a video with his phone. 
Then, he sent the results of his mission to Sasha through WhatsApp. 
[Ms. Sasha, how was it? Should I go further up a notch? Like peeing in his mouth?] 
Immediately after, he sent a cute sticker with a heart, contradicting his position as a leader in the Southern Star Syndicate. 
After a while, Sasha replied. 
[Disgusting.] 
A few seconds later, she added. [Do it.] 
[As you command, Ms. Sasha!] 
But after waiting a long time, Sasha did not reply to his message. 
Elias repeatedly read the few words Sasha replied, pouting helplessly and dotingly. "Tsk! She's not even willing to chat a bit more. Still as stingy as ever!" 
Five days passed quickly in the blink of an eye.
Quite a lot has happened in the past few days. Wyatt was intercepted and brought away by Asher and Drew on his way to find Bella. No matter how sternly he questioned them, the brothers stuck to the same story, refusing to tell him where their sister was. 
They merely told Wyatt there was nowhere else safer for Bella than by Justin's side. 
Wyatt had lived for sixty years and suddenly realized that he thought his bunch of children could protect him in his old age. However, they were in fact guarding against him! 
His mindset changed. 
As for the Iverson family...
###chapter1286
Right after Charles walked out of prison, he immediately went to fix his two front teeth, continuing to live a carefree life under the protection of the Iverson family. 
Despite his bruised face, it did not stop him from throwing a wild party at the Iverson Manor's courtyard. He invited a bunch of young models over, indulging in an extravagant revelry of wine and pleasure. However, an unfortunate impotence plagued him, allowing him to see but not partake in the pleasures before him. 
His frustrations led him to consume an entire pack of aphrodisiacs, which resulted in a severe case of poisoning. His eyes rolled back as he foamed at the mouth, and his body convulsed uncontrollably. The emergency medical personnel rushed him to the hospital in the middle of the night for an emergency gastric lavage. 
Upon hearing of his son's distressing situation, a mixture of anger, hatred, and urgency surged within Lance. However, he could only swallow his pride. He secretly sought out every means possible to treat his son's impotence. 
With the Thompsons withdrawing their lawsuit, he felt incredibly fortunate. At such a critical moment, even if he harbored thoughts of retaliation, he knew he must keep a low profile and avoid drawing attention. However, the situation was far grimmer for Hunter. 
That night, Hunter got beaten to a pulp. Elias also made sure he carried out his threats, having his henchmen stuff hot feces into Hunter's mouth. 
This vile act left Hunter unable to stomach any food for days, as everything tasted like excrement to him. He could not stop dry-heaving and nearly vomited bile. He even developed a high fever due to extreme distress. 
To Hunter, this humiliating ordeal was worse than death.
Baffled and tormented, Hunter struggled to comprehend who would stoop so low to force him into such a humiliating situation. 
Then, one night, as he lay feverish and on the brink of death, a sudden memory struck him. 
During the beating, he had faintly noticed a lapel pin on one of the thug's suits. It was like a red bird. 
Could it be a Vermilion Bird-the emblem of Savrow's most formidable gang, the Southern Star Syndicate?! 
Hunter screamed in horror, instinctively clutching his head as if reacting to a shock, his teeth chattering as his body broke into a cold sweat. 
Today, the delegation leaders and top officials from the five major cities gathered in Savrow to discuss important matters with the mayor and several influential council members. 
It was an important gathering. 
As the wife of a councilman, Astrid started preparing her outfit a week early, choosing a dress with intricate dragon and phoenix embroidery. For someone who was just a councilman's wife, she was preparing as though she wished she could wear a royal robe. 
Ever since Astrid married Theodore, she has meticulously supported and managed his career like one might raise a child. She strategized his moves in both political and business circles, built his public image, and helped gather votes. Her hair thinned as she poured her family's money into covering Theodore's debts, helping him rise to his current esteemed status. 
Now, with most of their connections solidified, only the upcoming mayoral election stood in their way. If her husband won, he would become the new mayor of Savrow. 
This would move her a step closer to her aspiration of being the country's First Lady!
Astrid adjusted her husband's tie and continuously reminded him about what to say and how to behave at the meeting to make a good impression. Theodore, visibly irritated, could not hide his impatience further. 
"Enough already. I've heard these things so many times!" 
Theodore pushed her hands away, frowning as he tied his own tie and muttering, "You used to be concise. Why do you nag like an old hag now...?" 
"You ungrateful man! Now that your career is taking off, you're starting to despise your devoted wife?!" 
Astrid snapped back angrily, poking his forehead with her sharp fingernails. "Without my efforts, where would you even be now? Let me be clear, Theodore. Without me, you're nothing!" Theodore shot her a resentful glance and then turned to leave for the bathroom. 
Just as he left, his phone on the nightstand suddenly vibrated. 
Having secretly learned her husband's phone password, Astrid quickly grabbed the phone and unlocked it. 
Upon discovering her husband's intensely flirtatious chats with not just one but multiple lovers, rage surged within her. Her eyes were shooting flames of fury! 
Seething, Astrid charged into the bathroom and threw the phone directly at his face, shouting, "Theodore Savoy! How dare you cheat on me?! You've gone too far!" 
Startled by her reaction, Theodore looked at her in disbelief. "You snooped through my phone? How could you do that?!"
###chapter1287
"I'm your wife! Why can't I have a look?!" 
Astrid, forgetting all pretense of decorum befitting a councilman's wife, grabbed his collar and shook him violently. She shouted hysterically. "I've been so good to you, and this is how you repay me? You heartless jerk!" 
As she raised her hand to slap Theodore, he quickly grabbed her wrist and shoved her back forcefully. 
"Argh!" 
Astrid lost her balance and crashed into the door. The pain made her gasp, and her eyes widened in shock. 
"How dare you hit me? I'm the heiress of the Iverson Group! How dare you lay your hands on me? Aren't you scared of me going home and telling my Dad and big brother that you've been hitting me?!" "Go ahead. Tell anyone as you please! I've had enough of you!" 
Pushed to his limits, Theodore pointed accusingly at Astrid's stunned face. "The election is just around the corner. If you want to cause trouble and destroy everything we've built for years in one moment, just go ahead! Let me make this clear. Right now, our fates are intertwined. If I go down, so do all your aspirations!" 
Astrid's face turned ghostly pale. She was speechless. 
She had never imagined that her man could turn her dedicated efforts to build him up into a weapon against her! 
"All these years, you've used your heiress status to oppress and humiliate me, and I've endured it. You wanted a publicly affectionate and caring relationship, and I've given you that! From now on, mind your
own business. Just do what a councilman's wife is supposed to do, and we can all have great days for ourselves. Otherwise, we might as well go our separate ways!" 
His words translated into one clear message. He had grown confident under Astrid's care and was ready to take off on his own! 
Theodore straightened the collar she grabbed. Without sparing his wife another glance, he stormed out, slamming the door behind him. 
Astrid sat dazed on the floor, pitiful tears streaming down her face. 
After a while, she got up, wiping her tears off fiercely, and forced a smile in the mirror, so stiff it looked eerie. 
"R-Right! What are a few mistresses? I'm going to be the future mayor's wife! I need to be magnanimous and see the bigger picture in this situation. Once everything settles down, I'll deal with them one by one. Just wait!" 
At exactly 5:00 p.m., the reception for the inspection team took place at the Savrow Central Hall. 
Mayor Solloway, Councilman Savoy, their wives, and other high-ranking officials and business elites from Savrow made a grand entrance into the hall, surrounded by media and staff. 
As the chairman and president of the Iverson group, Lance and James also attended the event as representatives of the business community. 
Thus, except for Charles, who was still recovering from his injuries, and the always-enigmatic Christopher, all members of the Iverson family were present at the event. 
Amidst the grandeur of the event, unnoticed by all, a black luxury minivan silently parked across from the hall.
Behind the privacy glass, Justin hooked his arm around Bella's slender waist and lifted her onto his lap. He pressed his lips against hers, exploring the smooth territory of her mouth with his tongue. His eyes glowed with desire as he savored her. 
"Mmm... Enough already. You're insatiable." 
Bella panted as she pushed him away, her lips swollen from his kisses. "We're here on business!" 
"We're indeed handling business right now," Justin replied with a slight curl of his thin lips. His handsome smile exuded a captivating charm. 
"You... I meant the actual business, not this!" Bella's cheeks flushed as she punched him lightly on the chest. 
"Once you get the taste of it, you'll want more of it, Bella." 
His large hand then caressed her silky black hair, his gaze fixed on her irresistibly. He could not help but nibble on her reddened earlobe, murmuring, "I will always crave you. I'll never get enough of you."
###chapter1288
Those sweet nothings that Bella once dreamed of hearing were now a constant reality. 
Now, Justin wrapped himself around her day and night, chattering in her ear like a mosquito. To the point where she almost grew tired of it. 
Yet, every time he drew close, touched her, and kissed her, her mind lit up like fireworks. Her emotions stirred beyond control as she allowed him to tease and tempt her. 
As for her love for him, she did not need to express them in words. 
It was all there in her reactions. Her face flushed, her heart raced, or her body yielded to his touch. That said everything. 
Bella tried to regain her composure from his overwhelming kisses, playfully grabbed his tie, and teased. "Justin, you used to be so serious. Why do you always look like you're a dog in heat now?" She paused, realizing that might be too harsh to say out loud. 
Even if it was true, it was not nice to say it out loud. It was better to spare him some dignity. 
However, Justin's breathing grew heavier, a thick desire simmering in his eyes as he caressed the nape of her neck, his forehead resting against her smooth brow. 
"Bella, I'm a dog in heat for you." 
Bella's heart raced, and her cheeks flushed with a rosy glow as she playfully poked his firm chest. "Stop saying that. Criticizing yourself is like criticizing me, too." 
The man swallowed hard and bit gently at her tender, reddened lips. "Today is a rare occasion. The minivan is spacious enough for us to have fun."
"I'm here for revenge, not to make out with you in the car!" 
Bella's face turned a deeper shade of red as she flicked him on the forehead, quickly changing the subject. "By the way, why aren't the Hoffmans here today? Ryan is the company's acting president. Shouldn't he be stepping into events like this? Can he really afford to let the Iversons steal the spotlight?" 
"They're still dealing with the aftermath of Zoe's scandal. They've been in the spotlight for all the wrong reasons lately, and showing up now might spark controversy." 
"Well, at least they're aware of that themselves." 
Justin moved in closer, his nose lightly grazing her cheek, the sensation tickling slightly. "Ryan previously mentioned that he despises these events. He'd rather be at home cuddling his lovely wife than watching these doddering old men here. I quite agree with that." 
"You've been hugging me so tightly these past few days that I wake up feeling sticky and gross." 
Bella swiftly twisted off his lap like a rabbit escaping from its burrow, declaring. "We're sleeping in separate beds tonight!” 
The man felt a sudden emptiness in his arms. Upon hearing the mention of sleeping in separate beds, he almost teared up. He pleaded, "Please don't be so harsh to me, Bella." 
Just then, a knock on the door interrupted them. 
Bella rolled down the car window to see lan's face. 
"Mr. Salvador, Young Madam, the arrangements inside the hall are all set." 
"Thanks for your hard work, Mr. Harris."
Bella nodded with a smile, her expression turning serious as she continued, "But please be careful. Today's event is extremely important, so security and patrols will be strict. If people from the Salvador Corporation aren't present today and you show up now, the Iversons might catch on and suspect something. That would complicate our next moves." "Don't worry, Bella." 
Justin wrapped his long arms around her waist and murmured, "I have my men inside the hall, too." 
Bella's beautiful eyes sparkled, and her anxious heart relaxed. 
She then turned on her laptop, and her fingers danced nimbly across the keyboard, with green code cascading down the black screen like raindrops. 
Justin had long grown accustomed to his woman's remarkable skills. But no matter how many times he witnessed it, he still felt a mix of awe and humility in his heart. "Okay. Everything is set." 
Bella hit the enter key and stretched her fingers to relieve the stiffness. "Now, we just wait for the show to begin." 
Justin tenderly took her small hand and gently massaged her fingertips. 
He would let this woman turn the world upside down if she wanted to. 
He would catch her if the ground sank, and he would hold up the sky for her if it fell.
###chapter1289
In the largest conference hall of the Central Hall, the atmosphere was quite solemn, filled with high- ranking officials and industry leaders from Savrow and across the nation. 
Mayor Solloway was giving a speech at the conference. 
Important figures like council members and business representatives sat at the front, while family members like Astrid could only find seats at the back. 
Being the sole heiress of the Iverson family, Astrid had a significant standing in the circles of elite socialites. However, in the male-dominated world of politics, it was a different realm entirely. She was merely Theodore's spouse, without much right to speak. 
Naturally, someone with her prominent and assertive personality was not happy about this. 
She was the one who had meticulously crafted her husband's ascent to his current prestigious position. Without the backing of the Iverson family, the support from her father, and her careful grooming, Theodore's rise would have been impossible. 
The more Astrid thought about it, the prouder she felt. Her previous sour mood, caused by rival mistresses, dissipated like smoke. 
She vowed to one day sit at the front, just like the mayor's wife, Mrs. Solloway. 
With this in mind, Astrid sat up straight, almost haughtily, as if she were looking down at others. 
People nearby glanced at her and whispered among themselves. 
"Look at her snobby demeanor. If you didn't know better, you'd think her head was in the clouds!"
"Exactly! The election hasn't even started yet, and she's already acting as if her husband is guaranteed to win. That's a bit too presumptuous!" 
"Astrid still thinks she's the precious heiress of the Iverson family. Doesn't she know that a married daughter is technically nothing to their birth family? It's widely known in our circle that she's been siphoning of huge sums of money from her family like a mouse burrowing back into the hole to support her husband's campaign. Her family has grown to despise her, yet she still thinks highly of herself!" 
"I really don't have high hopes for Councilman Savoy. Just looking at him, you can tell he's going to be corrupt! If those two ever come to power, the people of Savrow are in for a tough time!" The harsh gossip pierced through Astrid's ears, but she disregarded it. 
In her opinion, those people were merely jealous, envious of her high-class background, and resentful of her husband's success. 
Just then, Mayor Solloway concluded his speech. 
The room erupted into thunderous applause. 
The host then stepped up to the stage and announced with a clear voice. "Please welcome Councilman Savoy to introduce his business plans for Savrow for the upcoming three years!" Theodore walked onto the stage with all eyes on him and applause filling the air. 
Astrid almost stood up to clap for him, eager for everyone to recognize their connection. 
Theodore approached the microphone with a broad smile, "Now, let me share with you the upcoming plans for Savrow..." 
He turned to face the big screen behind him, but in the next moment, he froze. 
His smile vanished, replaced by a look of stormy dread, as if lightning had struck him.
Instead of the expected project PowerPoint slides, a handwritten bill appeared on the screen. 
The bill clearly displayed the bribes Theodore had accepted over the years, with dates, locations, and amounts ranging from hundreds to millions of dollars, all meticulously listed. Theodore's body wobbled, and he looked utterly dumbfounded. 
A buzzing sound rang in Astrid's head as if something drained all the blood from her body. Shocked, her face turned pale, and the world seemed to spin around her. 
Below the stage, murmurs erupted among the audience. 
"What's this? It doesn't look like project presentation slides." 
"Hey, that looks like a ledger! A ledger of bribery!" 
"There's Councilman Savoy's name on it. Isn't this evidence of him taking bribes?!" 
In the next moment, the content on the screen changed again. 
Now, a series of secretly taken photos played in a loop. 
They showed Theodore entering private clubs, personally accepting expensive jewelry, and even images of him with his arms around two women heading into a club room. The crowd was in an uproar, and the media was stunned.
###chapter1290
"Gosh! Who did this?! This is incredible!" 
"They've accumulated so much evidence and chose such a critical moment to release it. They're really out to destroy Theodore!" 
"Could it be Mayor Solloway? After all, they are major rivals in this election." 
"It's possible, but do the Solloways really have such capability? Whoever is behind this must be even more formidable!" 
The relentless flashes of the cameras captured Theodore on stage, paralyzed and shaking, documenting his embarrassing predicament. Some reporters were not satisfied with just photographs. They surged toward the stage and pointed their cameras at him. 
"Councilman Savoy! Is everything displayed on the screen factual?!" 
"Did you take bribes? Have you engaged in any unauthorized dealings for personal gain?!" 
Theodore's teeth clattered uncontrollably as he staggered backward. "That wasn't me! Someone photoshopped me into it. Someone is trying to frame me!" 
"What about the ledger? How do you explain that?!" 
"It's fake! It's all fake! I didn't take that money! I never did!" 
Sweat soaked Theodore's face. He cried out in panic. "Where's the security?! Come maintain order!" 
As the scene descended into chaos with the media besieging his son-in-law and one scandal after another exploding like landmines, Lance became infuriated. His face darkened rapidly. "Go and find out what's going on immediately!"
Lance's eyes reddened, and his breathing was uneven with fury. "This is clearly an attack on my son- in-law, but they're actually aiming at the Iversons! Who on earth has such audacity to go after us?!" "Alright, Dad. I'll look into it right away!" 
Realizing that the situation was out of control, James urgently suggested, "Let's take advantage of the situation and get you out of here now. After all, Theodore is your son-in-law. If he's in trouble, it'll probably affect you too." 
"No way!" 
Lance firmly refused. "If we leave now, wouldn't it seem like we're admitting to these scandals? Besides, people will think the Iversons can't handle pressure and can't play the long game. Wouldn't that just make us a laughingstock to them? 
Just then, James' phone vibrated. 
He answered it with a stern expression, only to hear Astrid's voice come through in a frantic tone. "James! Come outside now! I'm waiting for you in the hallway!" 
When James arrived, he found Astrid panicking, pacing back and forth with her face deathly pale. 
"What on earth is happening, Astrid?!" 
"James! You need to help Theodore!" 
Astrid pleaded tearfully, gripping James' arm with a sheer look of panic. "If word of what happened at today's event spreads, Theodore's political career will be over!" 
James gritted his teeth angrily. "With such an important event and numerous high officials and media here, do you think we can keep this under wraps?! The rumors have already taken over the city!" Astrid staggered backward in fright, her heart racing.
"Are the ledger and those photos real?" James exhaled sharply, his voice harsh. 
Astrid shut her eyes and nodded. 
"Useless! You're supposed to be the heiress of the Iverson family, and yet you can't even control a man who's financially dependent on you?! You've continually taken money from our family to support him, only to foster a man greedy for more?!" James' anger was uncontainable as he looked at his sister, whose actions always seemed to backfire. 
"What's the use of talking about this now?! Every time something goes wrong, everyone blames it on me. But none of you mentioned how much you benefited from Theodore before! Do you think I supported him for myself? His supposed ascent to the mayor would have benefited the Iversons, too!" Astrid screamed hysterically, on the verge of breaking down. 
"Enough! Keep your voice down! Do you want everyone to hear you?!" James glared at her intensely, his gaze oppressive. 
Astrid immediately stopped crying and asked tremulously, "James... You have to help Theodore! For the sake of the Iverson family's reputation... Please help him!" 
"I know!" 
James inhaled sharply, his expression grim. "Once the news gets out, it won't be long before authorities start investigating Theodore. I'll have people lock down the area and try to find a way for you both to leave quietly!"
###chapter1291
The venue descended into chaos, with security personnel dispatched to maintain order. 
However, due to the scale of the event and the multitude of media outlets invited, all the reporters swarmed toward Theodore, trapping him in the middle and leaving him immobilized. A juicy scandal for the media was like blood in the water for sharks, and the revelation was shockingly scandalous. 
Lance Iverson's son-in-law, currently the top-pick candidate in the city's major election, turned out to be a corrupt official who indulged in both wealth and pleasures privately. 
Who would not want to be the first to write about such headline news? Everyone was eager to tear Theodore apart for the news. 
"Mr. Mayor, should I contact headquarters to send more personnel? It's getting difficult to manage the situation here!" The secretary hurried to Mayor Solloway, seeking instructions. 
Mayor Solloway was positioned discreetly in a corner, allowing his rival to face the spotlight and wearing a smile that seemed to relish the unfolding drama. "Let's just quietly watch the spectacle. Why go through the hassle? Just make sure my wife and I are kept safe, lest we get splattered in the upcoming uproar." 
In response to the escalating situation, the Iversons beefed up security at the hall's entrances. 
Soon after, three black sedans pulled up menacingly in front of the main entrance, lined up one after another. 
As the car door opened, prosecutors in suits and bearing credentials swiftly disembarked. 
Leading the group, Axel had a sharp gaze and a serious expression, a stark contrast to his usual playful nature seen at home. His powerful presence commanded attention, making it difficult for onlookers to look directly at him.
As the prosecutors approached purposefully, the security guards at the entrance looked at each other nervously, daunted by their authoritative approach. 
"Please step aside. Don't obstruct our work." Axel spoke calmly, his expression cold and detached. 
The security guards dared not stop them and meekly made way for them to pass. 
Just as he entered the hall, Axel pressed the Bluetooth headset clipped to his left ear to communicate with his sister. "Bella, I'm inside now." 
"Hmm? How did it go so smoothly? That's a bit unexpected." Bella expressed her surprise. 
"Heh... Look at who's handling things for you. At crucial moments like this, you still need me..." 
However, Axel's boasting lasted barely three seconds before the Iversons' staff swiftly moved in to block them from going in further, like an impenetrable wall. 
"Ouch, my dear brother just got humbled!" 
Bella's playful laughter rang in Axel's ear. "It doesn't seem as smooth as you thought it'd be." 
"You can see me?!" Axel's voice dropped as he quickly looked around. 
"Of course. Not only can I see you, but I can also see what's happening inside." 
Elsewhere, Bella rested her cheek on her hand, her eyes curving as she watched the besieged Theodore and Lance, who looked like he was in a dilemma, unable to decide whether to stay or leave. Her lips curled up in delight. "It's truly a sight you can't afford to miss." 
Axel straightened up and tightened his tie. "Hmph! Bella, just watch. Your dearest brother will play a significant part in the most dramatic part of today's play."
"That may be true, but Prosecutor Thompson, you need to get inside first." 
Before she could finish her sentence, Justin's warm palm wrapped around Bella's delicate shoulders, gently caressing her. "Don't worry, Bella. Like I said, I have my men inside. They'll make sure your brother gets in smoothly." 
Upon hearing Justin's words, Bella's eyes shimmered, slightly narrowing as she softly leaned into the man's embrace. 
She had always been fiercely independent, whether as his wife or while working abroad with Doctors Without Borders. She was always proud and resolute. 
But since Justin came into her life, she had only wanted to be the soft woman by his side. 
After all, no matter what, he always pampered her and provided her with an irreplaceable sense of security. 
"We're sorry. There's an important event going on here today, and you cannot enter." One of the Iverson family's bodyguards took the initiative to confront them. "I'm Prosecutor Axel Thompson from Savrow's Prosecutor Office."
###chapter1292
Axel's eyes narrowed sharply. "I'm here under official orders. The prosecutor's office has authorized the arrest of Councilman Savoy for interrogation. Please do not interfere with the execution of judicial duties! "We haven't been notified of any such order. We know only to keep unauthorized individuals out. None of them shall set foot in here!" The bodyguard responded with growing sternness. 
Axel's lips curled into a mocking smile, his gaze icy. "Are you aware that you're already breaking the law?" 
Unintimidated and confident in their powerful backing, the bodyguards disregarded Axel. 
"Heh, given how you're dressed, you don't look like you're officially dispatched. If you're so concerned about us making an arrest, it suggests only one thing. You're with the Iverson Group." Axel sneered. The bodyguard became visibly flustered. 
Before stepping in, Lance Iverson had clearly instructed them not to mention the Iverson name, no matter what. 
Their job was to delay anyone from entering to allow the Iversons more time to manage the situation. If the authorities were to take Theodore into custody, it would mean a definite and irreversible downfall for him. 
Therefore, they stubbornly insisted, "No! We're not from the Iverson Group! We're here to maintain order at this venue on behalf of Mayor Solloway!" 
"Oh? Are you with Mayor Solloway? Why don't I recognize any of you then?" 
Suddenly, a calm voice, followed by footsteps, drew everyone's attention. 
The person who came was none other than the Chief Secretary from Mayor Solloway's office, followed by a group of personnel from the Solloway family.
The Iverson family's bodyguards were visibly mortified and embarrassed. 
"You really have some nerve, huh? How dare you impersonate being an employee of the Solloway family right under Mayor Solloway's watch and attempt to frame him?" 
The secretary scolded them sternly but then turned to Axel with a pleasant smile. "Prosecutor Thompson, I think you should issue another arrest warrant to detain these individuals who are obstructing official duties under unknown orders, so we can thoroughly interrogate them and clear Mr. Mayor's name." 
Axel nodded lightly. "I'll follow through on this matter." 
"That's good to hear. It's important to note that our mayor wholeheartedly backs organizational directives and will actively support and cooperate with the efforts of the prosecutorial staff." The secretary added, skillfully boosting his boss's image. 
The Iverson representatives were thoroughly intimidated, with none daring to interfere any further. 
"Thank you for your cooperation." 
Axel moved swiftly, leading his team decisively toward the event venue. 
Just as they entered, the secretary discreetly moved to a corner to make a quick phone call. 
Meanwhile, Justin, attempting to kiss Bella, was interrupted by his ringing phone. 
"Stop it... Answer the phone." Bella's cheeks turned pink, her hands resting on his front, feeling the well-defined contours of his chest muscles through the meticulously tidy shirt. Her mind was wandering off. As she was distracted, Justin deepened his gaze, seized the moment, pinched her chin, and pecked her lips, then switched the phone to speaker mode.
The Chief Secretary's voice came through. "Mr. Salvador, I've completed the task you assigned me. Prosecutor Thompson has successfully led his team inside the venue." 
"Thank you for your hard work, Secretary Chad." 
Suddenly, Justin pressed his broad and sturdy frame against Bella, pinning her against the car window. 
In the next second, he delivered an intense, unrestrained kiss, pressing firmly against her cherry-red lips. 
He was naturally not one to be satisfied with mere surface-level affections. His voracious desire was fully apparent. 
As Bella returned the passionate kiss, her eyes glistening with emotion, she instinctively wrapped her arms around Justin's neck. 
Despite her response, she was extremely surprised inside. 
She had clearly seen everything happening in the hall through the surveillance cameras. 
Was the Chief Secretary to Mayor Solloway actually Justin's spy?! 
This was a shocking revelation! 
Secretary Chad responded with a respectful smile. "Mr. Salvador, you're being too nice. It is my honor to handle any task within my capabilities for you. Besides, helping you also means helping Mayor Solloway. After all, he has been looking forward to witnessing today's significant events."
###chapter1293
"In the future, please don't hesitate to ask for anything you need!" Secretary Chad offered eagerly, treating Justin as if he were his own boss. 
The temperature in the car began to rise as their lips and teeth intertwined in a deep and lingering kiss. 
Justin reluctantly pulled away from Bella's tender and moist lips, his own lips curving in satisfaction. 
It was unclear whether his pleasure stemmed from Secretary Chad's response or from Bella's passionate reciprocation. 
After ending the call, Bella's forehead glistened with a thin layer of sweat. 
"Are you some kind of omnipotent god? You even have connections close to Mayor Solloway?" 
Bella panted softly in his arms, her eyes both soft and coy. "All those people in the political arena are cunning, driven by ambition and vanity. Especially someone in a secretary's position. They're often the closest confidants of high-ranking officials and the hardest to win over. How did you manage to sway Secretary Chad?" 
Justin gently caressed her damp hair, raising an eyebrow. "I was able to gain his loyalty because I'm affluent and respectable enough." 
"Pfft... What a big ego!" Bella teased, poking his cheek. 
"Secretary Chad has been with Mayor Solloway for many years, but as far as I know, the mayor is quick-tempered and extremely harsh with his subordinates. Working under him is like walking on thin ice, always on edge. Besides, despite several opportunities for advancement over the years, Mayor Solloway has deliberately held Secretary Chad back. Tell me, if you were in his shoes, would you remain utterly loyal to such a boss?"
Bella nodded in realization, revealing the scheme. "So, realizing that he couldn't progress in politics, he decided to switch to business. And you seized the opportunity by promising him some benefits, like helping you now and later securing him a position at Salvador Corporation, right?" 
Justin's eyes filled with affection, his lips curled into a smile. "Bella, you really are a gem of wisdom, brilliantly perceptive." "Make sure to take good care of Secretary Chad. He's quick-witted and manages to keep everyone happy without a slip." Bella's eyes twinkled with brilliance. "Keep him around. He'll be of great use in the future." 
James thought he had everything under control and was about to arrange for his sister and unlucky brother-in-law to exit quickly when Axel, leading a group of prosecutors with imposing momentum, approached them. 
"J-James! How did they get in?!" Astrid trembled behind him, her heiress composure completely gone. 
James clenched his teeth, his expression solemn, as he watched Axel go up to him. 
"Mr. Iverson, things aren't going your way. No matter how much you try to obstruct or deflect, the light of justice will eventually shine through." 
Axel met James' gaze with a half-smile, his integrity overwhelming James, "After all, Savrow does not belong to the Iversons. Some people dream of using their power to oppress others, thinking they can rule the world, but that's like laying on a bed in a toilet. It's too close to filth." 
Visibly agitated yet unable to respond effectively, James forced a stiff smile. "Young Master Axel, I have no idea what you're talking about." 
Axel furrowed his eyebrow. "There's no Young Master Axel here, just Prosecutor Thompson. Move aside and don't obstruct the path."
With that, Axel forcefully shouldered past James, leading his team into the venue. 
James shrugged his shoulders where he got bumped, his eyes venomously following Axel's departing figure. 
"James! What do we do... What do we do?! They're about to take my husband away! Stop them!" Astrid was frantic, desperately shaking James' arm. "Shut up!" James finally snapped, yelling at her. 
Astrid was so frightened that she immediately fell silent. 
Meanwhile, surrounded by aggressive journalists, Theodore's face was pale, and his hair was disheveled. His mind was racing with thoughts of escape. 
Just then, firm steps from leather shoes echoed, and the crowd automatically made way. 
"Look! It's someone from the prosecutor's office!" 
Upon hearing this, Theodore could not help but tremble intensely. 
At that moment, Axel walked up to him decisively, presenting the arrest warrant. 
The venue fell eerily silent. 
Then, Axel's clear and compelling voice broke the silence, his tone harsh yet solemn. 
"Theodore Savoy, you're suspected of corruption, abuse of power, and engaging in power transactions for personal benefits. Please come with us for further investigation."
###chapter1294
As Theodore saw the prosecutors approaching him, he felt overwhelmed by the impending doom, causing his legs to give in. He collapsed to his knees under the watchful eyes of the crowd. Instantly, all social media platforms and news headlines simultaneously broke the news that Councilman Theodore Savoy had been arrested. 
Quick-reacting reporters rushed toward Lance. 
"Chairman Iverson! Do you have anything to say about your son-in-law's arrest?" 
"Were you aware of Councilman Savoy's private dealings?" 
"Has Councilman Savoy been mutually benefiting you during his office? Did he covertly leverage his position to provide advantages to the Iverson Group?" 
Seething with fury, Lance's face turned ashen. 
He had assumed James would resolve the matter. Instead, the ravenous dogs from the prosecutor's office had stormed in, led by Wyatt Thompson's second son, Axel Thompson. 
It was especially humiliating for Wyatt's son to publicly arrest his son-in-law, blatantly disrespecting him! 
In hindsight, he regretted not leaving earlier during the chaos. 
"Dad! Let's leave now!" James rushed over, hurriedly helping his father to leave. 
The reporters followed relentlessly. As Lance struggled to move forward with his son's help, his shoe came off. 
"Oh no! My shoe!" Lance awkwardly held up his left foot.
"Dad! This is no time to worry about your shoes! We need to leave now!" James, frantic and sweating, pulled his father onward. 
Thus, Lance had no choice but to flee the scene with one bare foot. 
"Look! Why is there a shoe on the ground?!" 
"Is that Lance Iverson's shoe? Was he so flustered that he lost his shoe? Hahaha!" 
The reporters laughed as they snapped pictures of the abandoned shoe. 
The prosecution team dragged Theodore out of the venue. His legs went limp, as if he were too terrified to walk. 
Across the street, Bella and Justin observed the entire scene. 
lan had already brought over some champagne, beaming with joy. "Congratulations, Mr. Salvador and Young Madam. Together, you're unstoppable!" 
The couple picked up their champagne glasses, their lips curling up with satisfaction as they gazed into each other's eyes. The clink of their glasses produced a pleasing chime. 
"Thanks for helping out, Mr. Salvador. It's a pleasure working with you." Bella's eyes brimmed with affectionate warmth, her lips naturally turning rosy, stunning enough to captivate his heart and soul. "I didn't do much..." 
Justin almost slipped and called her "wifey", but quickly corrected himself. "It's really all you, Bella. You're thoughtful and strategic. I merely assisted where I could." 
Deep down, Justin was envious of Ryan every time he saw his best friend freely embrace Carrie and openly boast about his "charming wife" without hesitation.
It left Justin feeling bitter and sour every time he thought of it. 
Yet he had only himself to blame for missing so many opportunities for happiness. 
His reconciliation with Bella had already felt like a miracle, so he dared not ask for more. Even if it meant spending his life by her side, unmarried, he was content with that. 
Bella noticed her brave warrior flustered by a slight misstep in his words, his eyes flickering with a touch of panic. 
Her heart tightened, and she leaned in closer, wrapping her delicate arms around his neck and planting a kiss on his jaw. 
lan promptly opened the car door and stepped out, embodying the role of a secretary who was supposed to see and hear nothing at such moments. 
Justin's breathing grew heavier, his hand gently caressing her waist. "Bella, please stop tormenting me."
###chapter1295
Justin said, "My self-control collapses in your presence, leaving me vulnerable." 
Bella's eyes reddened slightly as her warm breath lingered in his ear. Her voice was soft and melodious. "My man did so well today. I shall reward you tonight." 
The vital exchange event for Savrow concluded in a bizarre yet dramatic scene. 
The public airing of Theodore's scandal-ridden political career elicited widespread societal outrage and had an extremely negative impact. It even drew the President's attention, who mandated a comprehensive probe into Theodore's family and all officials connected to him privately so as to stamp out corruption. 
Everyone in the political arena felt threatened, except those who deeply despised Theodore. 
The Iversons also suffered collateral damage. Not only was the Iversons' reputation tarnished and their dignity lost, but they also came under scrutiny from the authorities. 
As Lance scrolled through Twitter on his way home, he saw people mocking the shoe he left at the venue with the caption, "Everyone deserves a 'Tycoon style' shoe too!" 
It infuriated him so much that he threw his phone out, shattering the windshield of his luxury car. 
After a tumultuous return home, it was already late at night. 
Unable to sleep, Lance called everyone to the living room for a meeting. 
Charles, still groggy from alcohol, stumbled in cursing, only for his father to slap him awake. 
Christopher sat calmly aside, elbow on the armrest, fist propping his head, watching the drama unfold with interest.
"There's clearly someone behind orchestrating Theodore's scandal! Who could it be? Who dares plot against the Iverson family?!" Lance roared furiously, almost smashing the expensive coffee table to pieces. Having commanded respect for decades, how did Lance reach such a low point? He ruined his reputation and even lost his shoe. It seemed only extreme measures could soothe his fury. "Dad, now that Theodore's arrested, there's going to be serious repercussions for our family." 
James brooded, his expression dark and serious. "Our immediate concern should be to sever all ties with him. We also need to quickly destroy any evidence of the benefits we gained through his position that could implicate our family. This situation has alarmed the president, and if it continues to unfold this way, the investigation will soon reach us." 
"What? Theodore the leech got arrested? Why?!" Charles' eyes were blurry from intoxication, trying to understand the situation. 
"You brainless fool, full of nothing but booze! All you do is drink and chase after women. You're not even a fraction of the man your brothers are! How did I even end up with such a useless son like you?!" Lance had completely lost his patience with Charles, and his words, spoken in anger, were harsh and humiliating, cutting deep. 
Charles was especially sensitive about comparisons to Christopher and accusations of impotence. 
Now, his own father was mercilessly hitting all his sore spots. 
"My current predicament is all thanks to Bella!" 
With eyes red and breath heavy with rage, Charles blurted out, "If it wasn't for that self-righteous quack of a doctor who operated on me, how could I have ended up so pathetic?! It's all that bitch's fault!" "Who did you just call a bitch?"
Christopher's lips parted slightly, his cool, pale voice breaking the silence as he fixed his gaze on Charles, his eyes glinting with a chilling, bloodthirsty menace. "I dare you to say it again." 
Charles' heart skipped a beat. He stumbled back nervously onto the sofa, his tone diminishing in strength. "Anyway, it's all Bella Thompson's fault! She was the one who operated on my leg. Why did my lower half stop functioning? She must've sabotaged me!" 
In the past, Charles would have never feared Christopher. 
But now, disabled and fallen from grace both in the company and with their father, Charles was all bark and no bite, not daring to confront Christopher head-on anymore. 
"Pfft! Charles, Dad said your brain is full of shit, and here you are, eager to prove him right." 
Christopher adjusted his glasses, a scornful smile playing on his lips. "If Bella really wanted to harm you, she would've simply made you a high-level paraplegic. So, what you're saying is that in order to harm you, she healed your leg only to render you impotent? Heh... Keep those brain-dead comments within the family, please. Don't embarrass the Iverson name elsewhere." 
"You!" Charles was so furious that his face turned red. 
"Enough! Stop buzzing around like a fly!"
###chapter1296
Lance furrowed his brows, feeling very worried. "Who collected such detailed evidence? Who has the ability to do it without anyone noticing? Who is capable of all this?!" 
Charles complained angrily. "Isn't it obvious? It must be the Solloway family. They've always had a grudge against that idiot, Theodore. With the election coming up, they are bound to go all out against their opponents!" 
"No, it's not the Solloway family." 
James sounded confident as he said, "As far as I know, the Solloway family doesn't have the ability for something like this. Even if they had some evidence, they wouldn't have exposed it during such an important meeting today. It wouldn't benefit them and could end up causing trouble for their superiors." 
All of a sudden, he had an epiphany. He gritted his teeth and muttered, "Why does this sneaky and ruthless move remind me so much of something Bella would do?" 
Lance was surprised. "Bella?! Could it actually be her doing?!" 
"Big brother, do you have any evidence?" Christopher had a menacing glare in his eyes. "You're not saying all this just because of the argument with Bella about Charles at the Thompson's house, right? You're the respected CEO of Iverson Group. Is that all you can come up with?" 
"My suspicions aren't groundless. After what happened with Charles, our family has been in a feud with the Thompson family. Remember what Bella said back then? Given her vengeful nature, she's bound to strike back at us. And now, here it is." 
James squinted and gave him a cold stare. "Christopher, at this point you're not still fantasizing about becoming the son-in-law of the Thompson family, are you? Don't you have bigger ambitions? The
Thompson family is trampling over us, and it was Bella's brother, Axel, who led the people to arrest Theodore." 
He continued, "Right after the truth came out, Axel immediately brought people over. Tell me, how could there be such a coincidence?" 
Christopher was speechless and clenched his fists in anger. 
"Even if Bella was going to strike, why would she go after Theodore?" Charles asked, when a sudden realization sent a chill down his spine. He and Astrid had plotted against Amelia. Could Theodore just be a decoy? Was Astrid actually Bella's real target?! 
"Dad! Big Brother!" 
At that moment, Astrid burst into the room, sobbing uncontrollably, her make-up completely ruined. "Theodore has made so many sacrifices over the years for the Iverson family. We can't just leave him out to dry like this!" 
"You have the nerve to come here crying?! Your husband has completely disgraced me!" Lance stood up angrily and pointed at his daughter while clenching his jaw. "Theodore is finished. If you have any sense left, you'll cut ties with the Savoy family right away! If you insist on being stubborn, I'll pretend like I've never had such a stupid daughter! Don't drag your own family down with you!" 
Astrid stood frozen, holding in her frustrations and not daring to utter a single word. 
"Astrid, the prosecution will summon you in the next few days. You need to be prepared." James stepped forward and solemnly placed his hands on her shoulders. "I will also arrange a press conference for you as soon as possible. First, you need to demonstrate your stance and apologize for Theodore's actions. You need to present yourself as someone who values justice over family
connections. Second, use this chance to cut ties with him and assert that his actions have nothing to do with you. You also need to stand up for the Iverson family and do everything possible to salvage our family's reputation." Astrid's mind was in chaos, so she could only follow whatever James said. 
Christopher remained silent, his glasses reflecting a sinister light. He certainly hated these corrupt individuals, but he also didn't want to see the Iverson Group get into trouble. Otherwise, there would be nothing left for him to inherit. 
Let James clean up this mess, then. Christopher only wanted to reap the benefits.
###chapter1297
The moon cast a gentle glow, and the room was filled with a faint, intoxicating scent. 
Justin's body tensed, and his eyes were filled with intense lust. He looked up at the woman sitting on top of him, scanning her from head to toe. He was consumed by his intense love for her and wanted nothing more than to hold her close and become one with her. 
Bella hesitated. "Um... I haven't tried this before, so don't be disappointed if I don't do it well," she said softly, her hand resting on Justin's heaving chest, shyly pressing her lips together. 
Justin held her pale, slender legs, trying hard to contain his excitement. His fingers clung tightly to her skin until it turned red. 
He didn't anticipate that the "reward" she mentioned would involve switching things up. Despite having sex many times before, he had always been the one to initiate and put in all his effort to make sure she had an amazing time. 
It had always been him taking charge and her enjoying it. 
But this time, the roles were entirely reversed. How could he not be overjoyed? 
"Am I doing it right?" Bella asked, her cheeks blushing as she spoke softly. 
Justin's breath was steady, but the trembling of his muscles and his lustful eyes gave a fervent response. 
"Bella... There's no need to force yourself." His voice was husky and intoxicating. 
Bella closed her moist eyes and shook her head. "Isn't it nice to change things up?"
"Of course, it's just... I don't want you to feel tired." Justin's voice caught in his throat as he spoke, slightly trembling. 
"Silly man." Bella said as she leaned over and lightly touched his lovely lips with her finger, tracing circles gently. 
"We're equals when it comes to making love. If I'm doing anything wrong, just guide me." 
After a night of intense lovemaking, Bella felt like she had poured so much energy into it. 'It's so exhausting! Laying down feels way more comfortable!' 
By the second half of the night, she was so sleepy she could hardly keep her eyes open, but he embraced her again and even helped with cleaning her up afterwards. She thought, 'Is he a robot? He seems to have boundless energy.' 
The following day. 
Bella only woke up after the sun had already risen high in the sky, feeling stiff all over and finding it tough to get out of bed, entangled in the covers. 
"Understood, continue to keep a close watch." Justin's deep, captivating voice echoed. Bella rolled over, her sleepy eyes fixed on his back, seated on the edge of the bed. 
The next second, her heart raced wildly as she shyly buried her face in the covers. 
Justin's back was covered in fresh, red scratch marks—a clear sign of last night's passionate lovemaking. 
"Are you awake already?" Justin turned around, gently caressing her cheek. "I've asked Wilma to come over and cook you something delicious. You should sleep a little longer. You must be exhausted from
last night." 
Bella blinked. Her voice was gentle and relaxed. "Who were you talking to on the phone? lan?" 
"Mhm." Justin laid down as Bella snuggled into his arms. He held her close and said, "I've instructed lan to continue creating buzz on social media targeting the Iverson Group, making sure to keep them in the spotlight on social media and grab as much attention as possible."
###chapter1298
Bella gave him a peck on the cheek and said, "Good job." 
Justin, feeling pleased with his reward, squinted happily with his starry eyes. "Oh, there's one more thing. The Iverson family has made a move." Bella instantly perked up. "Oh, really? What is it?" 
"They are planning to hold a press conference to clarify what happened in the previous meeting." 
"Clarify? I think they're just trying to dodge responsibility and shift the blame." Bella giggled softly, tracing a heart on his chest with her fingertips. 
"The Iverson family had put so much effort into Theodore, and now that he had failed, they're probably worried about getting in trouble with the higher-ups." 
Justin's gaze turned cold as he said, "To prove their sincerity, the Iverson Group will surely organize a press conference very soon, perhaps within the next few days." 
"Hmph, Theodore's behavior as the corrupt councilman is inexcusable, but it's truly despicable how the Iverson family acts all high and mighty after turning their backs on him." 
"Don't worry, Bella. I promised to seek justice for Amelia, and I won't give up easily. Anyone who hurts you or your loved ones will face severe consequences," Justin said through gritted teeth with a fierce determination in his voice. 
Bella smiled joyfully as she listened to his powerful and steady heartbeat, her eyes squinting with delight. 
Another reason she loved Justin was because of his strong commitment to fairness and his fearless sense of justice. They both shared similar values, believing in kindness and working toward a better world. Justin took hold of her fragile hand and touched her pinky finger.
A wave of tender soreness filled his chest instantly, and his throat tightened slightly. "Bella, what exactly happened to your finger? Can you tell me?" 
"It's nothing, just a little accident from climbing trees when I was a child. It doesn't bother me." 
Bella forced a smile, trying to make it seem genuine. "It's just a pinky. It doesn't affect my work or life. I'm a grown adult, so please don't always be so anxious around me. Relax a little. We have a long life ahead of us. If you are so tense all the time, I think you might end up with a heart attack." 
"Because it's about you," Justin said softly, leaning down to give a gentle kiss on her forehead. "Even if it's a little thing, everything involving you deeply affects me and echoes deeply in my heart." "Justin, I know you've always felt regretful and guilty about what happened in the past, and it's been hard for you to look me in the eye, but I hate seeing you like this." 
Bella felt a wave of sadness as she lightly touched his chiseled cheek. "I understand how tough it is to feel small and unworthy in front of someone you love. I don't want you to struggle with self-doubt, denial, and pain." 
She continued, "Our journey hasn't been easy, and I wish our relationship could be happy and uncomplicated, as simple and pure as everyone else." 
Back then, she had gone to great lengths to make Justin love her, changing herself in every way she could. The pain was so intense that it would wake her up, leaving her in tears. She loved him and didn't want him to face the same struggles she had. 
Justin could understand her feelings, and it made him feel a deep sense of pain. He rested his arm beside her, his veins bulging, and he kissed her again. 
It was a mix of powerful and tender emotions.
Bella felt lightheaded and fragile, like she was drifting into the sky. 
"Bella, after we're done with the Iverson family, let's go to Switzerland," Justin whispered in her ear. 
"We can have a great time there. Didn't you say you wanted to see the mountains? I'll go with you." Bella blinked and replied casually, "Sure." 
As someone in the medical field, she was aware of a well-known gynecology professor based in Switzerland. 
Justin was always thoughtful and caring, but he wasn't the type to seek out fun or romantic trips. His proposal for a trip definitely had a hidden agenda-he wanted to accompany her to see a doctor. Even if there was no hope, he wanted to try. 
She deeply understood his intentions and how he felt. If this could make him feel a bit better, then she would be okay with it.
###chapter1299
Axel had concrete and irrefutable evidence. The instant Theodore entered the prosecutor's office, he realized he was in big trouble. 
Astrid was typically domineering and arrogant. At such a critical moment, no one was willing to help her. Everyone avoided her like the plague. 
She had no option but to follow her father's and brother's orders to host a press conference for a public apology on behalf of the Iverson family. It felt like she was just being used by the Iverson family. Why did she have to deal with this humiliating task? Just because she was Lance's daughter? 
The men in the Iverson family, who were related to her by blood, chose this crucial moment to push her into the public eye. They hid behind her like turtles, retreating into their shells. Was this how they should act? 
The press conference was scheduled for the day after tomorrow. 
Lately, Astrid felt like each day dragged on forever. She lost her appetite, had trouble sleeping, and was constantly irritated. Every second was excruciatingly painful. 
She ended up spending a whole afternoon by herself in the wine cellar, drowning her sorrows in alcohol. As she thought about how all her hard work had gone to waste, she cried out loud in the lonely wine cellar. 
"Rather than sitting here in tears, maybe you should think about why things have ended up like this." 
Astrid suddenly stopped crying as she noticed Christopher coming toward her with a mocking grin. 
"Why... Why?" 
"Yes, why indeed?"
Christopher casually took a seat opposite her, grabbed a wine glass, and poured himself some red wine. "Why have you consistently protected Theodore's years of hidden embezzlement, acceptance of bribes and enjoyment of the favors people sent his way without ever being exposed all along? Why did everything suddenly fall apart now, instead of earlier or later?" 
"Yeah, why..." Astrid, feeling a bit tipsy, found her thoughts all jumbled. She could not figure anything out. 
"Don't you remember what you did lately?" 
With that comment, Astrid suddenly clicked. "Wait... Is it linked to the Thompson family? Are they behind this?!" 
"You're not completely hopeless when it comes to being stupid." 
Christopher happily took a sip of his red wine. "No matter how recklessly Theodore behaves in private, the Thompson family has no beef with him. Why would they go out of their way to target him? It's clear that from the beginning, they weren't after him." 
"The Thompsons are coming after me?!" Astrid's face showed pure panic as she got up, accidentally knocking over her chair. 
"Now, sis, you're in a tough spot. Even if you hold a press conference and try to fix things for the Iverson family, it won't make much of a difference. What's done is done. Do you really think the Thompson family will let you off so easily? Going after your husband was just the start. There's more trouble coming your way." 
Astrid grabbed her head in fear, screaming uncontrollably. Her hysterical screams echoed through the entire wine cellar.
Christopher quickly covered his ears, watching her as if she were crazy. 
"No... No! I have nothing to do with Amelia... I didn't do anything wrong. It was all my Charles' doing... They can't accuse me unfairly like this. They can't treat me like that!" Astrid muttered to herself as she dashed out the door. 
Shortly after, Taylor glanced around as he came in from outside and poured Christopher a glass of wine at the table. 
"Mr. Iverson, do you know where that crazy woman went?" 
"If I'm not wrong, Astrid has likely headed to Yara Park." 
"What?!" 
Taylor couldn't believe it. "The Thompson family had a big argument with the Iverson family recently. Now, that crazy woman is only going to escalate the situation between the two families." 
"It doesn't matter. She is her own person, and I am mine. Whatever she does, it only hurts herself in the end. Why should I be bothered?" 
Christopher sipped his drink with a dark gleam in his eyes. "Let her go. She's headed for embarrassment. I want her to be consumed by bitterness. When that happens, she'll become a ticking time bomb, ready to explode on certain people."
###chapter1300
Provoked by Christopher, Astrid quickly made her way to Hatchbay in the middle of the night while reeking of alcohol. 
Wyatt was at home. Quentin attended to him while he took his medications, and Mila was there, keeping an eye on his blood pressure. 
Lately, Wyatt has been so angry with Bella that it has caused his blood pressure to skyrocket. Despite being the chairman of the KS Group and a top tycoon, he could not locate his daughter's whereabouts. As days went by, he transitioned from being furious to simply feeling worried for his daughter's safety. He gradually calmed down. 
He kept asking Asher and the others about Bella, but her brothers stayed tight-lipped because they knew that Wyatt's strong emotions stemmed from his love for her, but this could also lead to chaos. As long as they kept him focused on worrying about Bella, his hatred and loathing toward Justin could be somewhat diverted. 
"Wyatt, I'm not trying to scare you, but you really need to take care of your health." 
Mila put away the blood pressure monitor with a concerned look on her face. "You often joke about being halfway to the grave, but deep down, I know how much you cherish the idea of a long and healthy life. You dream of watching your children and grandchildren lead happy lives in their own families, experiencing the joy of having four generations together. But if you continue neglecting your well-being, I'm afraid that you might not live to see that day." 
Wyatt pursed his lips and remained silent, like a boy being reprimanded by an adult. 
Next to him, Quentin could only muster a helpless smile. Out of all the women in the family, it was only Mila's words that Wyatt really took to heart. Maybe it was because of her strong presence.
"My health is getting worse by the day, and I can't help but blame that brat, Bella! One of these days, she'll be the end of me. She's probably happy spending her time with that rascal Justin and starting their own little pack of..." 
The bitter words were blurted out, causing Wyatt's heart to ache and cutting him off mid-sentence. 
In the quiet study, there was a heavy feeling of sorrow. 
"Wyatt, from now on, please never say such things in front of Bella." Mila looked even more stern. "You're always giving orders and showing off in public, but you can't be disrespectful to your children. Otherwise, no one will respect you." 
Wyatt stayed silent, pressing his lips tightly together. 
"Bella is already very upset." 
Mila lowered her gaze, took a deep breath, and continued, "As her family, we should always be there for her, no matter what. We shouldn't just express our own anger without considering how she feels. It's like stabbing her in the heart with our words." 
She continued, "Wyatt, I was the first to support you, and I have seen how Bella has grown up-how strong and sensible she is. Over the years, even though she grew up privileged, she has never tried to stop you from anything or make unreasonable demands on you, right?" 
Wyatt's lips were pressed so tightly that they turned white. The tension was evident as he processed what Mila said and faced the reality of his own harshness toward his daughter. 
"Your daughter has never asked you for anything, and now all she wants is Justin. Why can't you just grant her this?" Mila remarked bitterly.
"She's sacrificing so much for that bastard! Can I even consider myself her dad if I stand by and let her harm herself?" Wyatt felt a touch of compassion, but he remained stubborn. 
"But Bella has never truly been happy all these years." Mila's eyes started to turn red. "It's only when she's with Justin that I really get the sense that she is genuinely happy from the bottom of her heart." "But Justin, he..." 
"Wyatt, do you remember what Yara said to you before she passed away? Can you remember her exact words?" 
Wyatt felt a tingling sensation shoot up his back, like an electric shock running to the top of his head, causing his pupils to shrink involuntarily. 
Of course he remembered. 
Even if his vision faded, his speech became slow, and his body weakened, he believed he would always remember Yara's appearance, words, and joyful expression. 
Even if he was dying, remembering their time together could still bring a heartfelt smile to his face.
###chapter1301
Wyatt was lost in thought, thinking about Yara's last words. 
"I've never really lived for myself at any point." 
"I hope that our children, especially Bella, have the freedom to choose their own path. Unlike me, she deserves the right to find happiness on her own." 
Wyatt thought to himself, 'Find her own happiness? But, Yara, has our daughter's decision really brought her happiness? What should I do? If you know something, wherever you are, could you send me a sign in my dreams?' 
At that moment, there was a knock from outside the study. 
Before Wyatt could respond, Sasha barged in with her voice, loud and urgent. "Wyatt! Mila! That crazy girl from the Iverson family is here and insists on seeing you and Celeste! I didn't let her in, but she's causing a scene outside! Her body reeks of alcohol, so she's probably pretty drunk." 
"Wait, are you referring to Astrid, Lance's daughter? What is she doing here?" Wyatt exhaled a breath of frustration. "What kind of upbringing does the Iverson family give their children? A young lady from their household is showing up unannounced late at night, as if our house is a public market. Where are their manners?" 
Sasha crossed her arms, clearly irritated. "I tried to ask her what she wanted, but she was so drunk that all she did was ramble incoherently. She just kept saying it wasn't her fault without explaining what she meant." 
"Huh, so it's not her fault? She actually has the audacity to claim that?" Mila narrowed her beautiful eyes as she abruptly stood up, her attitude turning cold. "She's only interested in seeing Celeste
because she thinks Celeste is soft-hearted and can be easily manipulated with some sob stories. Does she really think she can just talk her way out of what she has done? As if it never happened?!" 
Wyatt was surprised. "Mila, what exactly happened?" 
"At the banquet the other day, Amelia was tricked by Charles and was almost raped. Astrid played a big part in that plan." 
Mila was furious, her eyes turning red. "At that time, Steven wanted to rush in to find Amelia, but Astrid and her men held him back and even caused Steven to be severely injured. His shoulder was slashed with a knife, and his left eye was almost blinded!" 
"Blind?!" Wyatt and Sasha were dumbfounded, in disbelief. 
These past few days, they had seen Steven with his left eye bandaged, but they had never imagined that he had been injured so grievously. 
"Yet even so, Steven didn't think about himself at that moment. He quickly joined Bella and the rest to save Amelia from grave danger. After Charles took Amelia away, Astrid intervened to stop Steven. She must have been aware of what Charles was up to. It seemed like she was actively helping him!" 
"Damn it! That dirty and evil woman! She deserves to eat shit!" Sasha fumed, clenching her fists tightly and considering reaching out to Elias once more. 
"Absolutely evil!" 
Wyatt exploded with rage, his temples throbbing visibly. He grabbed an expensive antique teacup and forcefully threw it against the wall. "Those Iverson siblings are really terrible—so full of spite! How dare that girl shamelessly bully my godson?! I'll teach her a lesson myself!"
Before he could even finish speaking, the two ladies immediately held him back. 
"Wyatt, why bother with her? You're of noble status, and you don't need to lower yourself by meeting her. She's not worth it." 
Mila looked at Sasha with a dark and intense expression and said, "Sasha, get the butler to kick her out. We can't have that filthy animal bother Celeste and Amelia or ruin the peace at Yara Park." 
In the courtyard, Astrid would not let go of the butler. She grappled with the butler, screeching like a shrew, and demanded to see Wyatt and Celeste. 
Initially, the butler stayed polite, but he eventually lost his temper and ended up pushing her too hard, which made her stumble to the floor. 
"Ah!"
###chapter1302
Astrid was already drunk, and her legs gave way. The next second, she collapsed into an awkward squat, her skirt riding up in an embarrassing display. The butler immediately looked away, worried that he might get an eye infection from what he saw. 
Just then, a splash of grimy yellow liquid came pouring down from above, soaking Astrid completely from head to toe and sending a chill down her spine. Soon after, a revolting smell filled the air. She lifted her arm to sniff it and almost vomited from the strong odor. It was enough to make her feel queasy! What was that smell?! It was so pungent and unpleasant that it made her feel sick to her stomach. 
Astrid howled angrily at the sky. "Who?! Who did this? Who?!" 
"Heh, who asked you to keep causing a scene here and ruining the peace?" Sasha slightly lifted her chin and confidently strolled out of the main gate. "Look, even the heavens find you annoying, tossing water to wake you up. Shut your mouth and go back to where you belong." 
"It was you! You threw it on me!" Astrid glared furiously, her teeth chattering from the cold wind. 
"How can you be so sure it was me? Rain falls from the sky, so why can't it rain sewage? Some people seem to attract bad luck on their own. Maybe one day, they'll get struck by lightning while strolling down the street." 
Sasha liked sauerkraut and kept jars of it in the pantry. The fermented sauerkraut water from last year finally came in handy. At first, she thought about using actual sewage to throw on Astrid, but since it was her own courtyard and not worth messing up for someone so insignificant, she held back. 
"Sewage... Sewage water?! Ugh..." Astrid went pale and covered her chest as she uncontrollably gagged.
"You know exactly what you did. We haven't called you out on it, but you should have just stayed quiet instead of making a scene here. Chairman Thompson doesn't even want to see your father anymore, let alone you. So, just go away and don't make a bigger fool of yourself." Sasha pinched her nose in disgust as she spoke. 
Astrid's heart sank as she realized she was about to leave empty-handed. Frustrated and embarrassed, she angrily spat on the ground before reluctantly departing from Thompson's place, looking unkempt and smelling unpleasant. 
"No wonder..." 
Having listened to Mila's story, Wyatt had a sudden realization. "I was curious why the Iverson family seemed secure, and then suddenly Lance's son-in-law became the focus of the investigation. So, was Justin behind all this?" 
"Yeah, Justin orchestrated it all. It was his way of seeking revenge for Amelia and showing the Iverson family that none of our children should be messed with." 
Wyatt's expression relaxed as he fell silent, lost in thought. 
Mila watched his face closely and felt a small shift in his attitude toward Justin. 
This was the little task that Bella had left her over the phone the day before yesterday. Bella had asked her to find an opportunity to talk to Wyatt about the situation behind Theodore's arrest and the problems the Iverson family was dealing with, crediting it all to Justin, in hopes of improving his image. 
Initially, Mila was unsure how to start this conversation. Luckily, Astrid's unexpected visit tonight provided just the right material for her to leverage. 
"Hmm... Wait a minute."
Wyatt's brows furrowed again. "But isn't it a bit off? Axel was the one who made the arrest. If everything was Justin's setup, how did Axel end up involved? It would make sense if Bella arranged it."
###chapter1303
"This way of making people feel hopeless and unhappy is not exactly like Justin's style. Instead, it's more like Bella's way of handling things." 
Mila looked over as she took Wyatt by the arm and said, "Wyatt, it's getting late. You should go to bed now." 
These days, Bella was afraid that Wyatt would find her in Savrow, so she did not stay in a hotel and had been living with Justin at Ryan and Carrie's place. The happiest of all was undoubtedly Carrie. 
Carrie had always adored her sister-in-law immensely. Due to their infrequent meetings, she missed Bella dearly. Now that she had finally seized the chance, she wished she could stick to Bella all day long, like a little shadow. 
This left Justin to realize that the only time he could spend alone with his beloved Bella was late at night before going to sleep. 
So, every night, he passionately made love to her in bed, determined to satisfy her completely until she was exhausted and begging for mercy before letting go. It was as if he wanted to make up for all the missed chances to make love during the day. 
Bella was truly at her wit's end. 
She had met people who were frugal, but she had never come across someone who kept track of every intimate moment so closely. 
The last time Carrie wanted to bake a cake, Drew's unexpected arrival threw her off. Tonight was special, with everyone gathered. Carrie put on a pink apron and was ready to impress by baking a big cake for her sister-in-law and brother. 
Meanwhile, Bella had gone to bed early, watching TV while waiting.
As the night went on, her stomach rumbled with hunger, and there was no sign of progress from Carrie. Unable to wait any longer, Bella headed downstairs to check things out. 
As soon as she walked into the living room, before even reaching the kitchen, she was stunned by the sight that greeted her. 
Ryan had Carrie's delicate, slender body pinned against the kitchen counter, his hand holding her wrists above her head, almost growling as he passionately kissed her with fervor as their flushed lips were locked together. 
Carrie gave in to his advances and let out a quiet, sensual moan. 
At that instant, Ryan, completely turned on, raised her left leg. 
'Ah! That bastard! The little white rabbit is about to be devoured by the big, bad wolf!' Bella's mouth hung open in shock, her cheeks turning red, and her heart pounding. 
Just when she did not know what to do, a warm hug came from behind, surrounding her with their powerful and alluring scent. 
"Don't be surprised, Bella. This kind of thing happens all the time around here." 
Justin whispered into her flushed ear, his gaze gentle, "Let's just let them do their own thing without interrupting. Okay?" 
"But... I mean..." 
Bella leaned helplessly into his hug, feeling a mix of emotions. 
"It looks like my little girl has grown up and become a real woman," she said with a blend of amusement and sadness. "Ryan is in for a big win tonight. Lucky guy!"
Justin suddenly tensed up, taking deep breaths as he lifted the petite woman in a princess carry. 
"Bella, we've got to move fast," he said urgently. 
Bella held onto his neck, her heart pounding and cheeks turning red. "What do you mean?" 
He lightly kissed her forehead several times and spoke in a husky voice. 
"I want my big win too."
###chapter1304
In a blink of an eye, the day of the press conference arrived. 
By 5:00 p.m., the reporters from different media outlets gathered in the largest hall of the hotel, setting up cameras and adjusting angles, eagerly waiting for Astrid to arrive. 
"By the way, I thought it would be Lance or James, but I didn't expect Astrid to be the one stepping up. She's really impressive. Her husband is behind bars. How does she still manage to sleep at night and have the energy for a press conference?" 
"Oh, those men of the Iverson family are sly. They're just using Astrid as a shield, letting her take the bullets!" 
"Sigh, these rich people really are so inhumane. Astrid is really having a rough time." 
"Rough? Councilman Savoy allegedly took in tens of millions of dollars in bribes. That's certainly enough to keep him behind bars for good. Do you really think none of that cash found its way into her hands? It's every person for themselves when trouble hits!" 
At 7:00 p.m., Astrid approached the stage with a solemn expression, clad in black attire and bowing her head as she faced a cluster of microphones. 
The bright camera flashes highlighted her tired face as she bowed deeply to the countless reporters. 
The journalists started firing tough questions. 
"Ms. Iverson! The sudden arrest of Councilman Savoy has shocked the nation! After all, he was a leading candidate in the Savrow mayoral election. Were you aware of his actions?" 
"I didn't know..."
Astrid portrayed herself as an innocent, helpless woman with tears in her eyes and a face full of sorrow. 
"I'm just an ordinary housewife. I took care of my husband and children every day without getting involved in his work. I didn't know anything about his private affairs or any bribes he might have received! I come from the Iverson Group, one of the four big families, so there's no way I'd compromise my conscience for such petty sums and ruin my reputation!" 
"Do you really have no knowledge about what Councilman Savoy did?" 
A male reporter suddenly spoke up, catching everyone's attention. "It's no secret that Councilman Savoy's career has taken off remarkably, from a regular prosecutor to a potential mayor. The Iverson family has undoubtedly played a significant role in his success. I've secretly interviewed sources close to you both who claim that you, Ms. Iverson, have been the brains behind Councilman Savoy's operation, guiding and advising him every step of the way to help propel Councilman Savoy forward using the influence of your family name. Are you truly innocent?" 
Astrid shot a fierce look at the journalist, tears still flowing as she firmly denied, "No, that's not true. I don't know which media you represent, using these baseless accusations to target me and my family. As I said, I had no knowledge of my husband's actions! However, as his wife, I bear some responsibility, as I should have kept a better eye on him. That's why I am holding this press conference to apologize to the country for what he did." 
Just as she was about to finish, the journalist pulled out a recorder and played a recording. It turned out to be a statement from someone who had worked closely with Theodore, confirming exactly what the journalist had described! 
Before she could finish, the journalist took out his voice recorder and played a recording. 
It was a testimony from someone who had worked closely with Councilman Savoy. He corroborated exactly what the journalist had described!
The crowd looked at Astrid suspiciously, waiting coldly for her explanation. 
"He's lying! He's just taking advantage of the situation, attacking me when I'm vulnerable!" 
Astrid's legs were trembling under the table, and her face was drained of color. She could no longer hold up under the immense pressure. "He's intentionally trying to tarnish my reputation! After seeing my husband fail, he must have been influenced by our competitors. That's why he'd make such ridiculous claims! Who exactly is this person?! Does he dare not admit it? Tell me, who said this? I must sue him." Before she could complete her sentence, a sudden, piercing screech echoed throughout the room. 
Then, a clear recording began to play over the speakers. 
"Mrs. Lee, the girls you've set me up with lately are really attractive, and the big bosses are very satisfied. Plus, their style seems to be a perfect match for our guests, bringing in good luck. You know what these powerful and influential people are like. They take this stuff seriously. It's no wonder your business is doing so well." 
-"Haha, my business is doing great, all thanks to Ms. Iverson's loyal support over the years! You have brought in a lot of wealthy clients who have been really generous." 
"It's a win-win situation. Don't forget to send me any eligible ladies you know of. We can always discuss the price." 
The recording caused a commotion among the audience, their angry stares piercing Astrid like sharp thorns, causing her deep distress. 
Who would have imagined that a woman of such elevated status and elegance-a lady from a prestigious family-would be linked to prostitution?
###chapter1305
The Iverson family had raised a disgusting bunch of pigs! 
"No, it's not true!" Astrid's face quickly turned scarlet all the way down to her neck. She almost screamed hysterically, "This recording is fake! It's completely made up! I don't know any pimps. That's not my voice! It's all made up! Someone is trying to frame me!" 
"Trying to frame you? So, Ms. Iverson, how would you explain this?" 
The reporter displayed his phone once more. At that exact moment, every reporter's phone in the room began to ring and buzz! 
All at once, they lowered their heads to check their screens as a news alert popped up on Twitter. There it was a picture of Astrid meeting secretly with the pimp, Mrs. Lee, and giving her money. Even though it was obvious that the photo was taken without Astrid's knowledge, her wrongdoing was completely exposed for everyone to see. 
"Ms. Iverson!" 
At that moment, a bodyguard hurried over, grabbed Astrid, who was frozen in place, and pulled her toward the door. "Mr. Iverson sent me. Things look bad. Come with me quickly!" 
Before he could finish speaking, the grand entrance to the auditorium swung open. 
Ralph burst in with a group of undercover cops, his serious expression and powerful presence hushing the room and leaving everyone breathless. 
"Police!" Ralph's eyes, cold as frosty stars, shone with a sharp fierceness. Under the watchful eyes of all, he flashed his police badge. "Astrid Iverson, you are under arrest for bribery, forcing women into prostitution, and illegal detention. You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can be used against you in a court of law. Take her away!"
Two police officers stepped forward and took hold of the nervous Astrid with handcuffs. They escorted the terrified woman toward the door, one on each side of her. 
The media present were broadcasting live through official channels, and by now, the number of viewers watching had gone over ten million. It was a frenzy. 
[Oh my goodness! Is it really that tough to be in the upper class? A daughter of a wealthy family resorting to pimping to build her fortune?! It's utterly surreal!] 
[Is the Iverson family just faking it among the upper class? They're still acting like they get along with the Thompson family, boosting their image. They really know how to pretend!] 
[HAHAHA! Astrid's posture is spot-on, just like her husband when he got arrested! These two really have something in common!] 
[I can't believe they would do something so terrible! We need to keep looking into the Iverson Group. I'm sure there's a lot more shocking stuff we haven't found yet!] 
[Hey, did you see that young police officer leading the charge? He's really good-looking, like he could be in a fashion magazine or something!] 
Ralph shoved Astrid into the police vehicle, not bothering to shield her face or conceal the handcuffs on her wrists, making it obvious for everyone around. 
[Rich people don't get any special privileges. When rich people break the law, they are held to the same standards as everyone else!] 
Astrid faced justice, but this dramatic act of payback was nowhere near finished.
The reporter, who had been harshly criticizing Astrid at the scene, slipped away to a quiet spot, removing his glasses, wig, and fake beard. As he peeled off his elaborate disguise, lan's clear and bright face was revealed. 
lan threw the costume in the garbage and quickly called Justin, his enthusiasm shining through. 
"Mr. Salvador! Did you and the young madam watch the live press conference? What did you think of my performance?!" 
"Your young madam said she was impressed with your acting skills. I will treat you to dinner tonight." 
Smooch- 
lan clearly heard the sound of a kiss through the phone, his face instantly flushing. "T-Thank you, Young Madam for dinner!"
###chapter1306
"Mr. Salvador, what's your reward for me?" 
"Reward you? Isn't this part of your job as a secretary?" Justin's tone was nonchalant, like a lion that was just fed. 
lan was lost in his thoughts. His face blushed. "But... But even the Young Madam rewarded me. Aren't you worried she'll think that you're stingy?" 
Justin snarled, "Are you threatening me?" 
"Never! I wouldn't dare!" lan immediately straightened his back, sweat starting to form on his forehead. 
"You haven't rested for a long time. I'll give you an extra ten days of annual leave. Go wherever you want and have a good time." 
"Uh, Mr. Salvador, I'm single and don't have any family to take care of. Even if you gave me maternity leave, I wouldn't know what to do with it," Ian said with a playful smile. "Mr. Salvador, how about throwing in a little extra bonus instead? I promise not to take any annual leave in the future and to work extra hard for you and the Young Madam!" 
What a money-minded guy! 
"Aren't you satisfied with your million-dollar salary? Look around the entire Salvador Corporation. Besides the shareholders, how many people have a higher annual salary than you?" 
Justin scoffed lightly, "With such thick skin, you're better off as a car salesman." 
"Mr. Salvador, even though I'm not married yet, I still need to set some money aside for my future wife. I've been working hard for you every day, even doing extra detective work when needed. My whole
youth has been dedicated to the Salvador Corporation! I'm so busy that I don't even have time for dating. Please cut me some slack as a single guy who's got nobody to love or care for." 
lan knew very well that Justin and Bella had just reconciled and were immersed in their happy love. 
It seemed like the perfect time to ask for a raise! 
Before Justin could speak, Bella's gentle and sweet voice suddenly came through, sounding so close it almost felt like you could hear her breathing. 
"Mr. Salvador, don't be so stingy. Ian hardly ever asks for anything. Just let him have it." 
'Oh my... Is the Young Madam flirting with Mr. Salvador?' 
This playful behavior was making his bones go numb. Who could resist it? 
Justin's breathing soon became heavy and deep once more. His low, captivating voice turned husky. "Yes, yes... I agree with whatever my Bella says." The call abruptly ended. 
lan gazed at the darkened screen, perplexed as he scratched his head. "So, is he going to approve the raise or not?" 
Ralph sat in the passenger seat of the police car, escorting Astrid, as they headed directly to the police station. 
At this moment, Astrid was finally free from the cameras and media, her true colors being exposed. She dropped the act of being pitiful and started going off in the car like a crazy person. 
"How dare you arrest me?! Do you know who I am? I'm the daughter of the Iverson Corporation's magnate! My father is Lance Iverson! Do you have any idea how much Iverson Group contributes to
Savrow's annual GDP? How dare you low-lifes arrest me? You better believe me when I say I'll strip off your police uniforms!" 
Ralph, who was sitting in the front seat, smirked and casually dug his ear as if he were trying to dig out all the nonsense she had said. 
The female police officer escorting Astrid firmly took hold of her arm and warned her. "Behave yourself! If you don't behave, I'll charge you with assaulting a police officer, and the consequences will be even worse!" 
"Ha! Do you think I'm afraid of you?!" 
Since Astrid's upper body was restrained, she resorted to kicking wildly. Her feet pounded against the backrest of the passenger seat. "Which police station are you from?! Tell me your name! How dare you arrest me? The Iverson family will make sure you regret it!" 
"Alright, then tell your dad and brother to hurry up. I can't wait any longer." 
Ralph turned around with a sly smile on his face and casually said, "I'm Ralph. Ralph Thompson." 
The next moment, Astrid stared in disbelief and felt a shiver run down her spine.
###chapter1307
Back in the villa, the two couples sat in the living room with their eyes fixed on the TV. 
They were all watching the news channel. 
After a few minutes, the news segment began with the headline of the day. Astrid Iverson was arrested! 
In the new broadcast, there was a replay of the comical scene of Astrid being escorted away by the police. It was still amusing enough to elicit laughter. 
"Huh? This handsome police officer looks familiar, like I've seen him somewhere..." 
Carrie's chin rested on her fingertips, and her kitten-like eyes suddenly brightened. "Oh, I remember now! He sat next to me at Mrs. Thompson's birthday banquet. The young officer even chatted with me..." Before she could finish her sentence, Ryan's eyes darkened, unable to resist seizing her chin. His dominant and fiery kiss enveloped her entire soft lips, exuding both fierceness and a hint of jealousy. 
Bella and Justin were both engrossed in watching the news. But when they heard the smooching sounds, they both paused in surprise. 
Immediately, Justin leaned over, shielding the provocative display of affection and lowering his head to kiss Bella deeply. 
"What's wrong? Is it not suitable for minors, so you won't let me watch?" 
Bella pouted coquettishly. "I've seen all kinds of scenes in my life. It's just a kiss." 
"No... I'm afraid you'd feel awkward." Justin lightly pinched her nose, smiling helplessly. 
"Hmph! I'm not the one feeling awkward. It's obviously someone else who is feeling awkward."
Ryan's eyes left Carrie's lips after a while. Her eyes were watery after being kissed by him, and her breathing was in disarray. 
"Honey, are you trying to make me jealous by mentioning other men in front of me?" 
Ryan repeatedly caresses her moist lips with his fingertips, his voice husky. "Handsome police officer? Is he more handsome than your husband?" Carrie's cheeks blushed like peaches. "Mm... Well, you're both handsome." 
"Huh? Who's more handsome?" Ryan tickled her gently. 
"Haha... You're more handsome! You're the most handsome!" Carrie giggled incessantly, shrinking her shoulders and clutching him tightly. 
Bella crossed her arms, resting her head on Justin's broad shoulder. She glanced sideways at Ryan. "Beauty is in the eye of the beholder. It's hard to say who's more handsome." Ryan's heart was beating like a drum. 
Anyone with eyes could see that Bella cares deeply for Carrie. If he had not made his move first, Bella might have played matchmaker between Carrie and her brother. 
Thinking of this, Ryan tightly grasped Carrie's hand, as if someone were trying to snatch her away from him. 
At this moment, the news mentioned that Lance was rushed to the hospital. The specific reason was unknown. But what else could it be if not a fit of anger? 
James, the CEO of Iverson Group, stood at the hospital entrance, enduring the relentless onslaught of the media. His expression was stiff throughout the whole process, as if he had lost his father.
No matter how mentally resilient he was, he was probably feeling quite overwhelmed with all the internal and external troubles. 
"Fantastic! Isn't this more entertaining than the Spring Festival Gala?" Ryan's sturdy left arm embraced Carrie's slender shoulders as he patted her thigh with joy. 
Carrie leaned into his embrace, licking her strawberry-flavored popsicle. After a few licks, she offered it to his lips. 
He lowered his head to where she licked and took a bite, his large hand gently rubbing her head. His eyes were filled with indulgence. 
"Both Astrid and her husband are in trouble. One of them forced women into prostitution, while the other had orgy parties. They're quite in sync with each other. Truly, the apple doesn't fall far from the tree." 
Bella stared coldly at the screen, observing James's pallid face. "The Iverson family is in hot water now. It won't be long before the prosecutor summons them."
###chapter1308
"Lance's sudden hospitalization might not be a result of an actual illness but rather a way to stay out of the public eye. 
Justin nodded in agreement. "Once the prosecution starts investigating and calls Lance in for questioning, he could feign illness to avoid it." 
Ryan cursed angrily through clenched teeth. "Darn it. He's really a cunning old fox!" 
"Ryan, what does 'orgy' mean?" Carrie blinked her big, naive eyes innocently. 
Ryan thought, 'Carrie sure knows how to cut to the chase.' 
All three were momentarily silenced by her question. 
Ryan coughed nervously and playfully pinched Carrie's cheek. "Uh... When we get back to the room, I'll slowly explain it to you." 
The news broadcast finally ended. The affairs of the Iverson family have taken up quite a bit of time, living up to their flamboyant and ostentatious personalities. 
"It's truly despicable to force girls to do such things!" Carrie's eyes turned red with anger after watching. "The police officer must catch them all. They need to get justice for the victims!" "They've already been caught, darling, so rest assured." Ryan sighed, pulling her petite waist closer. 
There was a sudden silence in the living room. 
Although Astrid had been arrested, Charles, who had sexually assaulted Amelia, remained at large. As for Christopher, he remained a constant worry, like a thorn lodged in their hearts. 
So their plan for overthrowing the Iverson family was only one-third complete.
Justin noticed Bella's solemn expression and pulled her close. His hand rested on her tense shoulder, offering reassurance. "Bella, you've done exceptionally well. Taking down the Iverson family isn't a simple feat. They're one of the top four families with deep histories." 
"You don't need to worry about Charles. I'll take care of him." 
"No, none of us needs to get our hands dirty." Bella's beautiful eyes shimmered with a cold glint, and her crimson lips curled mischievously. "There are people who will clean up the mess for us." Ryan looked puzzled. "Who?" 
It was as if Justin had a telepathic connection with Bella. He raised his eyebrows and asked, "Are you talking about Christopher?" 
"That's my clever man." Bella replied, narrowing her eyes as she wrapped her arms around his neck. 
Ryan was still trying to make sense of it all. "Huh? But Christopher is from the Iverson family. And with their current chaos, why would he want to add more?" 
No wonder they said people in love were fools. 
"Christopher and his mom have been exiled by the Iverson family in Sentania for fifteen years. During this time, Lance has completely ignored them, as if they don't even exist in the family." 
Justin went on, with a resigned tone in his deep voice, "Christopher is driven and bitter. His mother has advanced Alzheimer's disease. Can you imagine how much shame and bitterness he must have built up over the years? If it were you, would you still support the Iverson family? You'd surely fantasize about crushing the Iverson family beneath your feet and taking over their empire." 
Ryan snorted. "Take over the Iverson family?! Isn't that four-eyed bastard biting off more than he can chew?"
"If the members of the Iverson family unite and work together, Christopher will have no chance." Bella's gaze darkened. "But if the Iverson family falls into chaos, he can take advantage of the situation to eliminate his enemies and engage in internal strife. Astrid is done for. He'll go after Charles and James next. By then, Lance will have no one left to back him up, so the Iverson family will inevitably fall into Christopher's control." 
Justin sneered. "Bella's analysis is spot on. It's very much in line with Christopher's cunning tactics." 
"So, what we need to do now is to wait and adapt to the ever-changing situation."
###chapter1309
Bella hugged Justin's muscular arm and raised her beautiful eyebrows confidently. "As long as we don't take any further actions and keep quiet, Christopher won't be able to hold back and will try everything to get rid of Charles." 
The next day, when the stock market opened, the stock price of Iverson Group fell drastically, as anticipated. It felt like everyone in Savrow was deliberately boycotting the Iverson family. It was really sad to witness. 
Astrid and her husband's situation kept getting worse, causing the reputation of the Iverson family to take a serious hit. Overall, things started looking pretty shaky for the entire group. 
On the third day, Lance remained hospitalized, claiming to be ill. James, as the CEO of Iverson Group, was summoned by the prosecutor. 
On the fourth day, Wyatt was stopped by the media at a meeting and inevitably asked about his views on the Iverson family. "Chairman Thompson, we heard that you and Chairman Iverson have a close personal relationship. What do you think about the Iverson family's current situation?" 
Wyatt's expression was cold as he calmly replied, "Chairman Iverson and I were merely former business partners. I hope you don't believe everything you hear from the media. All I can say is that when you make a mistake, you must own it. When things go south, stand tall. I hope the Iverson family can learn from this lesson and not disappoint the nation again." 
Lance happened to watch this interview while at the hospital. He was so angry that he grabbed a chair and smashed the television to pieces. 
Day after day passed, but there was no action from Bella and Justin.
Christopher, known for his cunning nature, couldn't wait any longer. Initially, he had intended to let someone else do the dirty work but realized time was running out. He could not risk remaining idle, fearing he might miss the opportunity. 
Thus, Christopher went to the detention center with Taylor and met Astrid in secret. 
Astrid had only been in prison for a few days, but she already looked disheveled and unkempt, barely recognizable as the once-pampered heiress of the Iverson family. 
Not only that, her face was bruised and swollen. It seemed that even the female inmates couldn't tolerate her despicable act of forcing girls into prostitution. 
Christopher leaned on his hand against the perforated glass window, smiling at her. "Astrid, it's been a while. How have you been?" 
"Hmph, you bastard, spare me your nauseating facade!" Astrid gritted her teeth with hatred, her eyes bloodshot. "Don't you dare be smug! Dad and James will definitely get me out! When I'm out, I'll break your neck! Just you wait!" 
"Astrid, at this point, how naive are you to still pin your hopes on those men from the Iverson family?" Christopher sneered. "If they wanted to save you, they would have acted long ago. Don't you think they would've made a move before you were about to be sentenced? Have they visited you while you're locked up in here? Have they arranged for someone to take care of you inside? It seems to me that they are unwilling to do even these basic things for you." 
Christopher leaned back casually and pushed his glasses up. A sly smirk played at the corners of his lips as he said, "In the end, it's me, your little brother, who still cares the most for you." 
Astrid felt a chill run down her spine. Her face contorted with shock, pain, and resentment.
Yes... With all their power, how could her father and brother still let her suffer like this? 
They completely ignored her over the last few days. Are they planning to sacrifice her? Why have they completely abandoned her? Why?! 
"Argh! Bastards! All of you are bastards! Animals!" Astrid screamed, and the female officer rushed forward to restrain her, pressing her against the table. 
Christopher secretly chuckled, but his face showed nothing but concern for her. "Since we can't change anything now, why don't I vent your frustrations for you, Astrid?"
###chapter1310
Astrid's face contorted ferociously, her gaze fixed firmly on Christopher's delicate yet despicable face. 
"Help me? Haha, they're animals, but aren't you the same, Christopher? Yes, you are... You're a damn snake! Even worse than them!" 
Christopher showed no trace of anger. Instead, his smile deepened. "I may not be a saint, but even beasts have some loyalty. I've always been reluctant to be too ruthless toward my own flesh and blood. So, I want to help you, Astrid. Besides, who else is thinking of you now besides me? In this god- forsaken place, do you still consider yourself a member of the Iverson family?" 
Seeing that Astrid was still resisting his so-called "help", Christopher decided to deliver a fatal blow. 
"Astrid, think about it. How did you and your husband end up in this miserable situation? Who's to blame for it all?” 
Astrid's anger surged, her voice hoarse. "The Thompson family... It's the Thompson family getting back at me! That bitch, Bella, is responsible for it!" 
Christopher's pale lips curved slightly, shaking his head. "But you messed with Wyatt's daughter. He had spared your life on account of the decades of friendship between our families. But isn't Charles the root of all this?" 
"Charles..." 
Astrid's mind buzzed. These days, she had been so focused on the Thompson family that she almost forgot about this coward! 
"It's all because of Charles' instigation that the Thompson family retaliated against us. If he hadn't been so foolish and arrogant from the start, you and your husband would still be living in glory.
"Now, he's ruined everything. From the press conferences to your incarceration, did he even utter a word in your defense? He conveniently shifted all the blame onto you and let you take the fall, while he comfortably sought refuge at home in comfort. Can you swallow this humiliation? I can barely stand to watch anymore, Astrid." 
Christopher was playing with her emotions. 
Astrid fell silent, seeming lost in thought. Her eyes were visibly redder as her anger intensified. 
She asked. "What exactly are you proposing to do?" 
"That depends on how much sincerity you're willing to show in our cooperation," Christopher replied, elegantly crossing his legs. Now, the initiative was entirely in his hands. 
Astrid's eyes were blazing red, and her teeth were grinding so hard it seemed they might shatter. "I... Want... Charles... Dead!" 
"Death is nothing. Once he's dead, it's all over, and there's no more suffering," Christopher remarked calmly. 
Suddenly, he leaned closer to the glass, and a sinister smile played on his lips. "You need to make him wish for death but be unable to get it. You want him to hate you every day of his life, unable to do anything about it. That's when it'll be satisfying." 
"I have... Charles' dark secrets. They're in the encrypted folder on my laptop in the study. The password is..." 
Christopher interrupted. "No need for a password."
Satisfied with the outcome, Christopher stood up leisurely, looking down at Astrid's face, which was twisted with hatred. 
"In my eyes, all these so-called encryption methods are nothing but illusions." 
Upon leaving the detention center, Taylor immediately turned to his boss. 
Christopher lazily stretched out his fair and slender hands, and Taylor hurriedly squeezed some hand sanitizer onto his palms, then sprayed air freshener around him in circles. 
"It's smelly and gloomy in there. It's hardly a place for humans to stay." Christopher wrinkled his brow, rubbing his hands together. His obsession with cleanliness surfaced once again. "But the environment seems quite suitable for creatures like Astrid." 
Taylor remarked. "You've given her enough grace by coming to see her."
###chapter1311
Taylor probed. "Mr. Iverson, will the psycho bitch go along with it?" 
"She will, so long as I'm involved." Christopher raised his brow haughtily. 
"Congratulations on getting rid of that problem once and for all." Taylor grinned ingratiatingly. "Once Charles is out of the picture, James will be next. The old man would have to pin his hope on you, and the Iverson Group will be yours." 
"I hope so." 
Christopher narrowed his eyes and looked up at the dark, boundless sky. His eyes glistened with untold emotions. "I owe everything to him. I just hope I don't let him down." 
"That reminds me, Mr. Iverson. I just received word that your private jet is in position." 
"That took a while, but at least it was worth the wait." 
Christopher propped his gold-rimmed glasses up against his nose bridge as a sinister glint streaked across his eyes. "Get in touch with Maxwell and tell him that everything is in place. "It's time to send him and his friends to hell." 
Christopher's fancy ride headed straight to Pivotage. 
With his sweeping goals and ambition in mind, Christopher chuckled in glee. 
Everything was in his control. 
The only exception was Bella. 
Christopher clenched his fists bitterly and asked in a solemn voice, "We have eyes on the Thompsons. Any updates?"
Taylor smacked his head and replied, "Our people learned that Ms. Thompson has fled from the Thompsons' residence. Chairman Thompson dispatched a search team, but she hasn't been located." "What? Bella left home? Why did you mention it before?' Christopher leaned forward nervously. 
"S-Sorry, Mr. Iverson. The security is tight at the Thompsons' residence. Our people worked tirelessly to get the information." Taylor's heart sank. 
Christopher removed his glasses in annoyance and pinched his nose bridge. "I remember how Bella would scale walls, climb trees, and run out of the house for some fun. She's still a free spirit now. Seriously, Wyatt should've known his daughter was too stubborn to back down. How could he lock Bella in her bedroom? It's no different than caging a bird." 
"I wonder if Ms. Thompson is okay. But she's witty and self-reliant, so she won't let anybody pick on her." 
"Asher and the other Thompson brothers won't let their dear sister wander off. If Wyatt can't find her, the Thompson boys definitely-" 
Christopher put his glasses back on and looked out the window in shock. 
"Stop the car!" 
Taylor slammed the brakes, sweat pouring down his forehead. 
Christopher pressed his palms against the window. His hurried breathing left the glass condensed. Still, he could not mistake the silhouette he saw. 
Across the road, a loving couple stood shoulder-to-shoulder in front of a food truck and munched on their food before lifting their heads to exchange glances with a smile.
###chapter1312
The couple at the food truck was Bella and Justin. 
It was hard to imagine the billionaire president, proud and blue-blooded, slumming it at a food truck in the middle of the night to accompany his beloved woman. Despite his usual taste for finer things, Justin indulged in high carbs and greasy food, fed by Bella. 
It was an amazing feat. 
"Is it tasty?" Bella tenderly took a napkin to wipe the grease off Justin's lips. 
Justin saw his chance to peck her on the lips. "It's good. Everything tastes delicious when I'm with you." 
Bella blushed. Even the old lady working in the food truck grinned. 
The couple was perfect for each other. 
The old lady was happy for them. 
"Tsk. You only said that because I brought you here." 
Bella pouted. "Just be honest if you don't like it. I don't like it when you put up with it and indulge me. I won't bring you here again." 
As his lashes fluttered, Justin reached past Bella and grabbed two bottles of seasoning on the left side of the table-black pepper and balsamic vinegar. 
He then added a few dashes of the seasoning to Bella's food before urging her tenderly. "Try it." 
Bella blinked and took a bite. 
Her eyes widened in surprise at Justin as she waved her arms in the air.
"Oh, my god! This is heavenly! It's so good. The simplest condiment brought the taste to a whole new level. How are you so good?" 
Justin looked deep into her eyes with a smile. "You're wrong to assume that I only enjoyed the food to humor you. Before I was brought back to the Salvador family, my mother and I often dined at food trucks." 
Bella's breath hitched. 
She assumed she knew a lot about Justin's obscure past from Wilma. Not until now did she realize her knowledge about him was just the tip of the iceberg. 
If he did not pour his heart into her, she may never know about a lot of things. 
She would enjoy eating at food trucks on occasion as a treat, but it used to be Justin's reality when he was a kid. 
"Back then, I would get really hungry after helping my mom out with the labor. My mom would take me to eat at food trucks." 
Twirling the plastic cup, Justin dwelled on the locked memory. "My mom would only order something for me to save money, but she made sure I had protein. She would add a few condiments and seasonings to the food so I wouldn't get fed up with the same food. This is my favorite combination. The taste is addictive. I still enjoy my food with the same combination of seasoning, but I can never get back the taste I savored during my childhood." 
The air was filled with a heart-wrenching silence. 
Justin snapped out of his memory and smiled apologetically. "I'm sorry, Bella. I didn't mean to ruin your supper."
Bella's eyes welled up as she cupped his face and sealed his lips with a kiss.
###chapter1313
A heart-warming sensation stirred within Justin. 
He reached his hand behind Bella's neck and pressed her toward him to deepen the kiss. 
The old lady in the food truck turned away to clear some tables. She knew it was best to give the couple some privacy. 
The sweet kiss between Justin and Bella was a punch in Christopher's gut. 
Christopher felt like his heart was ripped apart. 
Taylor sighed glumly. 
Anything could be obtained through effort and manipulation except love. 
Christopher poured his heart and soul into Bella, but she threw herself at Justin anyway. 
Justin did not deserve Bella. 
Bella pulled back from Justin's lips, her eyes glossy. She choked with sobs and said, "Things were tough for you, Justin. But that's in the past now. The good life is waiting for us." 
"You make me the happiest man alive." Justin pulled her into his arms and held her tight while dreaming of their beautiful future together. 
He was not a romantic, nor did he know the right things to say. 
However, Justin was willing to put in the effort to learn for Bella. 
Bella nestled in his embrace and listened to his steady heartbeat. A lump was caught in her throat as she turned tearful.
"Are you crying, Bella?" Justin was surprised. 
"It's all your fault." Bella nuzzled his chest and whined. 
Feeling something stirring inside, Justin lowered his gaze and asked, "What's wrong? Do you feel bad for your man?" 
Bella was too embarrassed to admit it, but the glistening tears in her eyes gave away the answer. 
"Don't cry, silly girl. The hardships make me stronger. Tough situations don't scare me. In fact, I love facing adversities because they are opportunities to grow." 
Justin was overcome with emotions. While he did feel bad, he was relieved and happy to feel connected to Bella. "Do you know how grateful I am to have survived my childhood and my service in Kridor? Otherwise, I would never have the chance to fall in love with you." 
Under a sky dusted with stars and bathed in moonlight, a soft breeze brushed against their backs as they stood close, a warm silence enveloping them. 
They did not notice a sedan keeping too close of an eye on them from across the road. 
"It's late, Mr. Iverson. We should head back." Taylor wiped his sweat and spoke cautiously. 
Slumping against his seat in dejection, Christopher closed his bloodshot eyes and removed his gold- rimmed glasses once more. 
Then came a crack. 
"Mr. Iverson! You..." Taylor looked back in shock.
Christopher crushed his glasses with his bare hands and held them tight in his grip as the shattered glass pierced his skin. Blood crept out of the gap between his shaking fingers and dripped into the darkness. Taylor was terrified. 
The pair of glasses was Christopher's personal item that he had had with him since Taylor began working for him. 
Yet Christopher went as far as to destroy it. He was clearly hurting and furious. 
"Didn't you say that Wyatt couldn't find Bella? Well, we have a clue now." 
Christopher opened his grimacing eyes and pulled out his phone to dial Wyatt's number. 
The next day, James walked out of the prosecutor's office after a long, hard interrogation. He was drained.
###chapter1314
James, without time to get home for a change of clothes, was summoned to the hospital by Lance. 
In the VIP ward, Lance learned of the business' recent profit loss of $2 billion and trashed the place in a fit of rage. 
Money was not the main cause of his outburst. 
Most importantly, the negative press halted the company's new venture in Sentania, and the many government bodies looking into the Iverson Group's finances and credentials were a huge blow to the company. 
"Settle down, Dad. Getting angry won't do you any good." 
James looked haggard with his greasy hair and stubble. He barely had his voice. "We can always make more money, but if we don't handle this mess right, the effect on our family will..." 
"We can always make more money? Easy for you to say!" 
Standing on a pile of mess, Lance huffed furiously. "It's not just $3 billion we're talking about. The suspension of the project abroad will cost us close to $10 billion. What can you do to recuperate the loss?" 
James froze. 
"Don't panic, Dad." 
The voice, though mellow, made James' heart sink. 
Christopher stepped into the ward, his refined face bearing no worries. He kept a smile on his face. "Don't worry about the project in Sentania. I have a plan to take care of it."
"You do, Chris?" Lance was shocked. 
James pulled a blank face, but he snuck a dirty look at Christopher and had some choice words for him, which James kept to himself. 
To James, Christopher was nothing more than a bootlicker. 
"I might have been living abroad for the past few years, but I kept myself busy and established some connections, Dad." 
Christopher approached Lance and patted his back. "Don't forget that I lived in Sentania for 15 years. I can call a few favors to get the go-ahead for our project. This is a little something I can do for you." "Really, Chris? Can you get the project in Sentania to go on?" Lance grabbed his arm excitedly. 
Christopher stared into Lance's hopeful eyes and smirked to himself. 
His father would hit him and call him a loser growing up. Lance never expected anything out of Christopher. 
Christopher would never forget what the family did to him. 
At the age of eight, Christopher was made to kneel in the snow without being given food or water. Charles and Astrid would splash cold water at him and stuff ice down his collar. Christopher had a fever for three whole days while his mother kept by his side in tears. 
James, the oldest of them all, did not stop the bullying. In fact, he would stand on the sidelines with a smile. 
His smile was so bright. 
Since then, Christopher has vowed to wipe that smile off his face and make them pay.
"This is a project worth tens of billions of dollars, Dad. I wouldn't lie to you." Hiding his true emotions behind his eyes, Christopher smiled innocently. "That's my boy!" 
Overjoyed, Lance grabbed him by the shoulders. "I was harsh to you, Chris. I haven't been the best father to you, and for that, I apologize." "Don't say that, Dad." 
Christopher hugged his father and patted his back. "You're my father. Of course, I'll help you. You were stern with me so that I could be a better man. I understand that. I have never blamed you for it." Lance teared up. 
"Don't be so full of yourself, Chris." James narrowed his eyes dangerously at Christopher. "Don't make things worse than they already are. If you are that competent, why wait until now to prove yourself?" "Well, you're the CEO of the Iverson Group. I have always trusted in your competence and thought you would lead the business through the hard times. I didn't want to go over your head and tell you how to run the business." Christopher blinked innocently, hitting right where it hurt. 
"Hmph! The Iverson Group's progress wouldn't have stagnated in the last two years if James was a good leader. The Salvadors even stole the place as the richest in the city." Lance scoffed and snapped an angry look at James.
###chapter1315
Choked for words, James grimaced. 
Raised from childhood to be the successor of the Iverson Group, James had never, in his years of power, been put in his place. 
James seethed with rage for Christopher. 
"Since you have an idea in mind, when are you going to make it happen, Chris?" Lance was anxious. 
"I can call in a few favors, but in what capability should I come forward?" Christopher sighed with concern. "It's no issue that I don't share any company shares, but I don't even work there. 
"How should I introduce myself when I meet the government officials of Sentania? Should I call myself one of the heirs of the Iverson Group?” 
"That's an easy fix." 
Lance landed his palm on Christopher's shoulder. "I'll make a formal notice of your appointment as executive director. You will be included in all management meetings. If you can get the project in Sentania back on track, I will transfer Astrid's shares and another 5% to you." 
James was taken aback. 
However, Christopher got Lance where he wanted to. Since only Christopher could get the business out of trouble, Lance would please him in any way. 
Christopher beamed. "Thank you." 
Lance's secretary burst into the ward and shouted, "Oh, no, Chairman Iverson. The police took Mr. Charles away."
"What?" Lance and James were shocked. 
Only Christopher, standing behind them, curled his lips. 
Charles was having a party with fresh faces in the modeling scene when he was arrested. Fueled by drugs and alcohol, Charles was high and even attacked the police, calling himself the king. He was charged with assaulting a police officer too. He was as deranged as his sister. 
During the arrest, Charles was caught in his briefs. 
The police officers were so kind as to let him walk out of the Iversons' residence in his underwear. 
"Who are you to arrest me? I didn't do anything wrong! I'm a law-abiding citizen!" Charles shouted. 
Under the influence of drugs, Charles became audacious enough to speak his mind. He could not control his expression, though. Drool dripped down his chin, and his eyes twitched. 
The police officer smirked in rage and said sternly, "You are arrested under suspicion of rape and assault on a police officer, Charles." 
"Rape? You fucking got the wrong guy. I have never done that. You are arresting the wrong guy. I am innocent." Though he was without full control of his expression, it was the rude awakening he needed. "Hmph! Innocent? We have evidence of your crime. You destroyed the lives of dozens of women." 
Furious, the police officer was tempted to knock some senses into him. "You're looking at twenty years at the least. You can convince the court and the jury if you believe you're innocent." 
The mention of jail time broke Charles, and he shuddered. 
In the heat of the moment, he pushed the police officer away.
Then came the shocking scene. 
Covered in sweat, Charles gritted his teeth and pulled down his briefs. 
"I-I couldn't possibly violate any of these women. I am impotent!" 
Blinding flashes of light engulfed Charles. 
His shivering member was exposed to the press. 
Charles' jaw dropped as he froze. His mind was too hazy to notice the surrounding press. 
Thud. 
He passed out.
###chapter1316
Charles' arrest rocked the whole nation to its core. 
Astrid got her wish. Her scandal was overshadowed by another. 
The Iversons came out worst in all of this. 
The scandals of Charles and Astrid pushed the Iversons to the brink of ruin. If the arrest was not bad enough, Charles let his bird out of his cage for all the nation to see. 
The former head of the household would turn in his grave. 
Lance fell back with a pale face after seeing the news live. 
"Dad!" 
James went up to hold him steady, but Christopher was ahead of him, getting the closest to Lance. 
"Please sit, Dad. Focus on your breathing." 
Christopher helped Lance to the sofa and anxiously turned to James. "Don't just stand there, James. Get the doctor in here now." 
Burning in rage, James wanted to rip Christopher's tongue out of him. "You!" 
"I know you always have a problem with me, James. I've been avoiding confrontation with you and staying out of your way. But now isn't the time to fight. Dad isn't doing well, and I'm worried sick." Christopher sounded distressed, but his gloomy gaze weighed heavily on James. 
James tried to refute, but Lance yelled out loud, "James, you useless, petty piece of shit! Get out! Get out now!"
Tension rose to an all-time high. 
James gnashed his teeth and turned pale with rage, with veins popping out of his head. 
Since Christopher was favored, James would not go anywhere by butting heads. He swallowed his anger and stormed off. 
"Don't say that about James, Dad." 
Christopher kept a receptive demeanor, but his words played on Lance's emotions. "Think about it. It was tough on James to run the business and take care of Charles and Astrid. He has done everything in his power to pull the group out of trouble. He can't just turn his back on Charles and Astrid, either. His outburst is understandable. Don't blame him. James failed in his duty as the eldest brother. Charles and Astrid got to his point because he spoiled them." 
Lance held his chest. "He's the CEO, but what has he done for the company? I told him to keep an eye on Charles. But did he? I can't count on him. We can't afford for the company's shares to drop again. The business might go bust if someone else tries to take over in a hostile bid." 
"I will sort out the issues with the company, Dad. Just focus on your health and stop worrying." Christopher consoled him tenderly. 
"I should have been a better father to you, son. The family can't survive without you." Lance tearfully held his hand. "Don't worry, I will make it up to you." 
On the way back, Christopher quit the niceness and smirked. 
"I don't get it, Mr. Iverson." Taylor asked in confusion. "You have enough wealth in Sentania to acquire Iverson Group's shares. Why are you saving the business? It will only benefit you if the company is in ruins."
"I don't have any company shares. Either way, I won't acquire enough to get a majority over Lance and James. It won't do me any good to execute the plan indiscreetly." 
As reality sank in, Taylor nodded. "That makes sense. You finally got the old man's trust and drove a wedge between him and James. Everything is heading in the right direction."
###chapter1317
Christopher said, "Besides, I want to be named the successor in the right way. The last thing I want is to be called a conniving thief." 
He raised his chin and let out a scornful smile as if he had it in the bag. "James cares most about his role as CEO. The best revenge on him is to give him a run for his money and crush him." "Haha... The old man is getting sick and tired of James. You won't have to wait too long." Taylor was happy for Christopher. 
Christopher closed his eyes as emotions swept through him. "Wyatt has his reservations about me and Bella. Even though he doesn't say anything about it, he can't give me her hand in marriage since I have no connections to the Iverson Group. I need to bag the Iverson Group and cut ties with the Iversons to show Wyatt my sincerity. That's the chance I need to be with Bella. I'm willing to do anything for her. The Iverson Group will be my gift to her." 
Taylor's phone buzzed. He glanced at his phone and said eagerly, "Mr. Iverson, I received word that Wyatt is on the move to find Ms. Thompson." 
That night, Logan called Ryan away, and Bella went out with Justin. Carrie and Yasmin were the only ones at home. 
Carrie painted in the studio that Ryan had set up for her while Yasmin kept watch in silence. Staring intently at the beautiful sketch of the backyard, Yasmin expressed awe. 
"You're amazing, Madam. The painting looks like a photo." 
"You flatter me, Yasmin." Carrie pressed her lips together embarrassedly, her cheeks rosy. 
"No, Madam. I would never lie to you or Mr. Hoffman." 
Yasmin grinned and replied, "Mr. Hoffman is lucky to have you in his life. Thank you for being with him."
Carrie shook her head and blinked. "I should thank Ryan. He doesn't mind that I'm slow. He's happy to keep by my side and be nice to me." 
"Don't say that, Madam." 
Yasmin got down on one knee and took Carrie's drawing hand. "No one is a better fit for Mr. Hoffman than you." 
The doorbell rang. 
"Oh, is it Ryan? I'll open the door for him." 
Carrie sprinted down the stairs gleefully and reached the hallway. 
No one outside the family knew where they lived, so she opened the door without much thought and hugged the man standing there. 
"Welcome home, Ryan!" 
The air was thick with awkwardness. 
Carrie opened her eyes and sniffed the man's clothes. 
But she did not smell the faint scent of tobacco that Ryan usually had on him. Instead, the man smelled of soap. 
"What are you smelling, Ms. Salvador?" 
The man's cheerful voice made Carrie shriek and jump a distance away from him. 
Now that she had a good look at the man, she saw that he was not Ryan.
"You're the man in the news. You're Bella's brother!" Carrie's jaw hit the ground. 
"Oh? Do you still remember me? The man in the news? When was I on TV?" With his hands behind his back, Ralph leaned forward and smiled brightly.
###chapter1318
Carrie put her hand over her mouth. She could not believe what she had just done. 
Ryan had not gotten close with another woman since they were together. Yet she just touched another man. 
She thought to herself, 'Am I tainted? Did I cheat on Ryan?' 
"S-Sorry..." It took a while before Carrie admitted her mistake. 
There was no telling whether she was apologizing to Ralph or Ryan. 
"Why are you apologizing, Ms. Salvador? I should apologize to you. I've been too busy in the last three days to shower. I hope I didn't stink." Ralph chuckled, as Carrie was adorable. 
"Madam!" 
Hearing the commotion, Yasmin rushed to the door. She paused when she saw Ralph. "Mr. Ralph?" 
Ralph kept a low profile, so his identity was not known to many. Yasmin was aware of who he was because Ryan informed her in advance. 
Otherwise, there would be a repeat of the embarrassing incident with Drew. 
"Are Bella and Justin here?" Ralph looked around inside. He had heard about what happened, and it had been days since he saw Bella. He missed her, too. 
"Ms. Thompson and Mr. Salvador are away." 
Yasmin hesitated for a moment before making way for him. "Please come in to wait."
Looking very much at home, Ralph walked into the living room and fell back into a seat. He placed a document about Shannon on the table. 
As Shannon's case was about to be brought to court, Ralph needed Bella and Justin to go through many details. Bella called Ralph to Ryan's place to meet up. 
"This is a nice house. It has more character than my family's." Ralph looked around aimlessly. 
He thought, 'Bella must be living at Ryan's place since leaving home. At least Justin found her a nice spot.' 
"That's what the last person said. He talked about getting a place around here too." Yasmin smiled pretentiously. 
"Who was it?" 
"Mr. Drew." 
Ralph laughed. "That sounds like Drew. He's rich. I only make enough in a year to buy a bathroom here." 
He noticed Carrie curling up in a corner uneasily. 
"Did I scare you, Ms. Salvador?" Ralph smiled. 
Carrie nodded and quickly shook her head later. Her fingers gripped her dress nervously. 
"My bad. Now that I think about it, I was a little touchy-feely with you. I'm sorry." Ralph spent most of his time in the precinct. He was used to getting down to business and speaking bluntly, so he blurted things out without second thought.
The expression on Yasmin's face froze, and she stared at Ralph nervously, her fists clenching. 
The doorbell rang again. 
Holding back the rage, Yasmin went to the hallway and checked the surveillance, only to be stunned. 
"Is Bella home?" Ralph came up behind her. 
Ralph gasped when he saw Wyatt's face on the doorbell camera.
###chapter1319
Ralph looked at Yasmin. 
Yasmin met Ralph's gaze with displeasure and asked solemnly, "Did you bring Chairman Thompson here?" 
With his eyes bulging, Ralph took the matter seriously and dissociated himself from the question. "Tsk. I may be Wyatt's son, but I'm no traitor. I will never betray Bella!" 
Amused by his cheeky remark, Yasmin asked in a hushed tone, "What do we do now? Do we open the door?" 
Ralph slipped his hands into his pocket and scoffed. "My dad will tear the door down if you don't open it for him." 
Yasmin was lost for words. 
Not wanting to offend the visitor any longer, Yasmin took a breath and opened the door. 
The green and lush front lawn was crowded with Wyatt's security detail. 
Wyatt stood at the door with a grimace, with Quentin standing right behind him. 
He prepared a script in his mind and pulled a stern face, but the sight of his youngest son took him by surprise. 
Quentin was taken aback. "Mr. Ralph?!" 
Ralph scratched his head. "Hi, Dad..." 
Wyatt glanced at his son and then at Yasmin. As if that was not enough, he took a big step back and looked at the house number.
"You're at the right place, Chairman Thompson. It's here." Quentin did not know how to react. 
"Oh." 
Wyatt nodded, his eyes lighting up. He asked, "Is she your girlfriend? So, your type of lady is hot and glamorous, huh? You could've said so. I wouldn't have introduced the demure ladies to you." 
As Yasmin's eyes widened in shock, Ralph face-palmed frustratedly. "Can you stop pressuring me to get married? I might just turn to monkhood if you rush me again. Do you know why I joined the police force in Savrow? I couldn't take your daily reminder to get married and have kids. I'm not a mule for reproduction." 
Yasmin pursed her lips, surprised that a rich heir shared the same troubles as ordinary people. 
"I'll make sure no church will take you in." 
Wyatt dropped the stern act and showed Yasmin a kind face. "How old are you, young lady? What's your name? Where do you work? Are your parents from Hatchbay or Savrow? My son tends to keep a low profile, but we are ready to accept his wife. You will be well taken care of when you marry into the family. Don't let this opportunity slip away, and don't think too much about it. Just tie the knot with him!" "Dad!" Ralph did not know if he should laugh or cry. He regretted opening the door for Wyatt. 
"You got the wrong idea, Chairman Thompson. Mr. Ralph and I aren't going out. I'm just Mr. Hoffman's secretary," Yasmin responded. 
Disappointed, Wyatt shot Ralph a look of disdain. 
"We should go in and talk, Chairman Thompson, Mr. Ralph." Quentin smiled wryly. The Thompson kids were the apples of Wyatt's eye, but they would also be the death of him.
Wyatt and Ralph sat opposite each other, and the air in the living room was tense at best. 
"So you knew that Bella was living here, but you kept it from me?" Wyatt gritted his teeth in fury. "Are you even my son?" 
Ralph grabbed an apple from the platter and took a bite. "Do you want to do a paternity test?"
###chapter1320
Wyatt gasped sharply, nearly flipping out in rage. 
Yasmin was not easily humored, but the argument between the father and son tickled her pink, and she had to stop herself from laughing. 
They were such a loving pair of father and son. 
A flurry of footsteps followed. 
Carrie carried a tray of beverage and approached Wyatt before putting a drink on the table. 
"This is for you, M-Mr. Thompson." 
Carrie's sweet voice and young face rubbed off on Wyatt, and he said with a smile, "Oh, Carrie. I didn't expect to see you here! Are you here to keep Bella company?" 
"I-I... Yeah." Carrie blushed embarrassedly. She was not so foolish as to admit that she was living with Ryan, so she skimped past the question. 
"That's not important." 
Wyatt pulled Carrie to his side gleefully and checked her out. "I don't think you have a boyfriend yet. What do you think about Ralph? You seem perfect for each other, and you're around the same age. I think you will get along just fine." 
"Huh?" Dumbstruck, Ralph nearly spat out his drink. 
"I... I..." Carrie took a step back in fright, her fingers twiddling uneasily to the point they were sore. 
Ralph might be a crude man, but as a detective, he had keen observations. He picked up on Carrie's behavior.
She was rather introverted with high social anxiety. 
He started to feel bad as Carrie bit her lips and teared up. 
Furrowing his brows, Ralph said solemnly, "Dad, did you come all the way to Savrow to force good women into marriage? I told you a million times that I wanted to focus on my career. Marriage isn't on the cards for me." 
Wyatt narrowed his eyes. "You don't get a say in that. If you did, you wouldn't have come out of your mother's womb." 
"What the f-" Ralph nearly cussed. He swallowed his words until his face went red. 
He could not wrap his head around one thing. 
Although Hugh had passed away, Ralph had four other brothers. Yet Wyatt was fixated on getting him hitched. 
His intention to marry aside, Ralph's job would take him away on dangerous missions without any breaks. No decent woman could stand a workaholic like him. If he were to marry, he wanted to shower his future wife with love and happiness. However, it was not something he could offer at the moment. Ralph could not possibly put any woman through that. 
Since Wyatt was intent on setting Ralph up with Carrie, Yasmin drew close to Carrie and held her trembling shoulders. Yasmin looked Wyatt in the eye and uttered, "We appreciate the gesture, Chairman Thompson, but Ms. Salvador is taken." 
"Oh? By who? Who is better than my son?" Wyatt expressed contempt. 
"It's Mr. Hoffman."
Yasmin's blank expression sparkled with a faint smile. "Ms. Salvador's grandfather and father know that she is dating Mr. Hoffman. They have never interfered in their relationship. Besides, Mr. Hoffman is abou to become the CEO of the Hoffman Group. When that happens, he will formally ask for Ms. Salvador's hand in marriage." 
Even though Ryan expressed his wish to marry Carrie time and time again, Carrie still got butterflies when hearing about it. A rosy tint painted her cheeks.
###chapter1321
"Oh? Tsk... I was wondering who it was." 
Wyatt did not take it seriously at all, looking at Ralph like he was entrusting an important task to him. "Preparing to propose? That means he has not proposed. Ralph, you can still shoot your shot!" Ralph rubbed his temples in annoyance. He really wanted to dig a hole, jump in, and cover himself with soil. 
As Wyatt's voice fell, a clear and sharp footstep sounded as someone rushed in. 
"Wyatt! What are you doing, bringing so many men to fill up our yard? Are you starting a rebellion?!" Bella had a hand on her waist, glaring at her father. 
Now, her emotions and mindset had leaned toward peace under the nourishment of love. She no longer resisted or feared facing Wyatt. 
Even if this domineering man exerted pressure on them using the force of the whole KS Group, it did not matter. 
After an intimate session last night, Bella turned over, her fair and soft body lying on top of Justin. She traced his thin lips with her fingertips, asking gently, "Justin, what are you thinking?" 
Justin bit her finger lightly, his hands gently caressing her sweat-covered back. "I'm thinking about the challenges that await us in the future." 
"Everything's fine. Why are you thinking about that?" 
Bella turned her head, resting it on his chest. "We'll cross that bridge when we come to it. As long as we are together, there's nothing we can't handle in the world. Hey, you already backed down last time. You won't be a coward again, right?"
Justin's handsome brows furrowed, and he dotingly pinched her waist. "Bella, I didn't back down. I just..." 
"Hehe... I know. I was only teasing you." 
Justin was speechless. Was it a joke to call him a coward? He had been quite cowardly before. 
He would take it as a loving joke from his beloved woman. 
"Anyway, only death could separate us in this lifetime." Bella's tone was sullen, seemingly stubborn. 
"There is no situation that can separate us." 
Justin's eyes were moist as his fingers intertwined with hers. "We'll face the hardships of life together and be buried side by side after death." 
Wyatt was stunned when he saw his daughter, whom he had not seen for quite some time. 
Bella only wore ordinary sportswear and was bare-faced. She held a bag of groceries in her left hand. It was obvious she had just returned from the supermarket. 
His precious daughter had dozens of servants at her service ever since she was born, but now she had to go to the supermarket herself. She had lost her nobility and elegance! 
Wyatt, who doted on his daughter very much, was about to lose his temper. However, he noticed Justin standing behind Bella with four heavy bags of groceries in hand and no spare hands. Furrowing his brows, Wyatt felt a wave of intense heartache and bitterness. 
Amongst those feelings, there was even a hint of inexplicable jealousy.
Justin sensitively caught Wyatt's slightly reddened eyes and thought he was still furious. He quickly put down the bags in his hands and bowed deeply. 
"Chairman Thompson, I'm very sorry." 
"Why are you apologizing? If anyone should apologize, it should be Wyatt. No matter what, he should not rely on his seniority to hit you!" Bella looked at Wyatt, puffing her cheeks angrily. 
Wyatt's heart felt a painful prick. He took a deep breath in frustration and said coldly, "Bella, it's been many days. You've done enough reckless stuff and seen the people you want to see. My patience is limited. It's time for you to come back with me."
###chapter1322
The air in the living room immediately turned cold. 
Ralph knew that he could not try to mediate between his father and sister because it might even make things worse, so he left the area discreetly. Yasmin also brought Carrie away, leaving them space to talk. 
Justin's breath hitched in his chest. His trembling hand instinctively wanted to hold Bella's hand, but his fingers curled inward, halting the movement. 
He thought, 'Bella... I really don't want to let you leave.' 
Justin was never a coward. He was open about loving or hating someone. 
However, he felt like he owed Bella and felt guilty toward Wyatt. 
Regardless of whether it was the three years of painful marriage or the child Bella lost, it was all Justin's fault. He hurt Wyatt's precious daughter and was an unforgivable sinner. 
Forget Wyatt hurling insults at him; even if Wyatt wanted to beat him up again, Justin would let Wyatt vent until he was satisfied. 
"Wyatt, what are you thinking?" Bella snorted, her gaze determined. "If I had planned to listen to you, I wouldn't have risked breaking my bones to escape from home. You'd be better off worrying less about me. When I left home and wandered overseas, you didn't find me. Now, to ruin my happiness, you're truly giving it your all with extreme measures." 
Justin pursed his lips and stepped forward, staring anxiously at Bella's resolved face. 
"Bella... You!" Rage surged within Wyatt, causing his face to pale and his breath to be unsteady. "Look at you now! Are you still the sophisticated young lady of the Thompson family?! You even went to the
supermarket for groceries yourself! Were you cooking for the past few days?! Was it not enough to serve the Salvadors for three years as a maid for free? Is this the love and the life you want?!" Wyatt got angrier as he spoke. He thought, 'The only daughter of the woman I loved the most should be cherished. How could my princess endure such suffering?! Justin is a bastard!' "Wyatt, this is the life I've always wanted-an ordinary life." 
Bella's heart swirled with complicated emotions, her nose tingling. "I don't think it is suffering because this is what I wanted. I only want a simple life with someone, having three meals a day throughout the four seasons." 
Justin's thin lips paled, and his curled fingers clenched into fists of regret. 'Three meals a day throughout the four seasons... That was what Bella always wanted, but I only managed to give it to her now.' Bella said, "You've never experienced these, and you've never really understood me. You don't even know what my mother wanted. Therefore, you don't have the right to judge my life and intervene with my choices." 
Her words caused heart-aching burns in Wyatt's heart, and his vision gradually turned blurry. 
"Also, Justin was the one cooking all these days. He cleaned the house and washed my clothes. I was just accompanying him on grocery shopping." 
Bella's warm hands wrapped over Justin's clenched fists, firmly intertwining their fingers. "Justin knows how to do everything except give birth. You don't need to worry about me anymore. You can either stay for dinner and taste Justin's cooking or leave." 
As he still had matters to discuss with Bella, Ralph did not leave after avoiding the scene. Instead, he strolled around in the villa.
Ralph casually walked into a long corridor and noticed that the wall was filled with paintings delicately framed with exquisite copper. 
There was beautiful scenery and cute animals, but more were portraits. 
Ralph subconsciously stopped in front of a one-meter-tall painting. In the painting, the man wearing a black shirt with a lean figure and broad shoulders, eyes sparkling like diamonds, was Ryan. Ralph's eyes widened slightly as he admired the painting. His good manners restrained him from reaching out to touch it. 
"Such a nice painting... It's as real as a photograph."
###chapter1323
"Really?" 
Ralph's heart skipped a beat, and he turned around. 
Carried had appeared behind him unknowingly, looking shyly at him with lowered brows and holding a brown bear plushie in her arms tightly. 
She looked incredibly cute. 
Ralph's eyes darkened slightly, and he smiled gently. "Of course. I'm serious. Did you paint this?" 
"Yeah." Carrie nodded. 
"You must've put in a lot of thought and emotion and invested a lot of effort, right?" 
"Yeah... It's okay. The most important thing is that Ryan likes it." 
At the mention of Ryan, Carrie's clear eyes bloomed with a sweet smile, and she blushed. "Ryan treats me so well, but I have nothing to give him... I can only give him a painting. I am happy as long as he likes it." 
Ralph's heart trembled deeply. 
Throughout the years he became a police officer, he saw the dark side of the world as he fiercely battled countless villains in society. It had been long since he saw such pure and innocent eyes. 
The girl before him was like a shade of the brightest moonlight, illuminating a corner in his dark and dull heart. 
"Captain Ralph...?" Seeing that Ralph was staring at her straightly, Carrie blinked in confusion.
Ralph returned to his senses and curled his lips. "I remember you referring to Bella as Annie at Madam Celeste's birthday banquet. There's no need for formalities between us. You can call me Ralph like Bella does." 
"Ralph...?" Carrie was obedient, addressing Ralph as he pleased. 
Ralph narrowed his sharp eyes and was about to speak, but a cold voice pierced through. 
"Mr. Ralph, Young Madam Carrie is my boss's girlfriend. It's quite inappropriate for you to get so close to her in private." 
Yasmin stared closely at Ralph's face, quickly walking to Carrie's side and looking like she was asserting dominance on Ryan's behalf. 
Ralph's expression was calm, smiling lightly as he asked, "I'm not sure how I've been acting inappropriately for you to act like you're facing an enemy. Does being Ryan's girlfriend mean that Carrie does not have the right to communicate normally with other people? If she talks to another man, that man is as good as dead, is that it? Is Ryan too obsessive or too unconfident in himself?" "You!" 
Yasmin gritted her teeth, anger burning in her eyes! 
If this man were not Bella's brother, Yasmin would have given him a good punch in the face. 
"Yasmin..." Carrie hurriedly nudged the hem of Yasmin's shirt, shaking her head anxiously. 
Although Carrie was not good with words and looked foolish, she understood how to read situations. 
Ralph was Bella's brother. Due to this relationship, Ralph was willing to talk to her a bit more. Carrie understood that. If they got into a conflict because of a small matter like this, Bella would be embarrassed, which would be bad.
Ralph's gaze swept across Carrie's nervous expression, and his lips eventually curled up into an indifferent smile, striding past Yasmin. "Nobody can snatch away what belongs to him. What's the use of being so protective? 
"But your worry is unnecessary. After all, the children of the Thompson family are well-mannered." 
Unexpectedly, after an intense fight with his daughter, Wyatt chose to stay for dinner. 
He was furious a moment ago, but in the next second, he shamelessly stayed for free food. Only someone from the Thompson family could pull off a slick move like this. 
Justin was frightened because he had to cook for his father-in-law. He had never felt so panicked, as if his heart was jumping out of his throat. 
Wyatt sat in the living room imposingly. His oppressive presence was not inferior to that of an emperor receiving an audience. 
"Bella... I only know a few common dishes, and I've not even mastered them." 
Justin stood in the kitchen stiffly, feeling worried. "Would your dad vomit if he ate them?" 
"Pfft, it's not that bad!"
###chapter1324
Bella could not help but laugh. She draped the apron around Justin's neck and tied it for him. "My dad's taste buds had been spoiled by Aunt Celeste, so he's known to be picky and demanding." Justin gulped hard and took a deep breath. 
"Don't be scared. I'll teach you. If you follow my steps carefully, you won't go wrong." 
Justin's gaze was filled with gentle affection as his strong arms pulled Bella into his chest, planting a passionate kiss on her forehead. 
"As you wish, my commander." 
"Oh no! You should put the meat first! You got the order wrong!" 
"Shit! You put too much vinegar!" 
"Damn it! The pan is burning. Quick, flip it!" 
The kitchen was noisy with Bella's and Justin's bickering, making the scene seem chaotic. 
Wyatt was resting in the living room. His eyes widened slightly after hearing the noises, and he looked toward the kitchen. 
The kitchen on the first floor of the villa was open-plan. Although it was quite some distance from the living room, Wyatt could still see the situation from his angle. 
Wyatt saw Justin's sturdy and broad back bustling around in a mess and his daughter barking instructions at the side, occasionally bumping Justin with her butt playfully or knocking him on the head. Justin showed no signs of impatience. Instead, he stared at Bella with a wide smile, like a fool. 
Wyatt wondered what Bella saw in Justin.
Although Wyatt's face was full of resentment, his gaze gradually softened as he stared at the young couple intently, unable to look away. 
They both seemed so domesticated. 
Was this relaxed atmosphere and simple joy not what he searched painstakingly for? 
"Chairman Thompson, look at how happy Ms. Bella's laughter is. You haven't seen her laugh like that for some time, right?" Quentin stood beside Wyatt, smiling in relief. 
"Hmph, with me as her father, how could she turn out to have such a love-riddled brain? She'll regret it!" Wyatt muttered angrily. 
Quentin smiled and comforted him. "Let her be in love. Ms. Bella is talented and beautiful. She has everything. With billions of family assets to inherit, she could spend a lifetime tossing money from the rooftop of the KS Group. If she wants to date, why don't you let her? Nobody will dare to bully her. I've observed Mr. Salvador's character for a while. He's equal to Ms. Bella in appearance and family background, and his work ethic and ability are beyond doubt. Most importantly, he is honest and kind, a truly outstanding candidate among the younger generation." 
Wyatt frowned deeply, raised his eyes, and scrutinized Quentin. "Tsk, what's up with you today? Did Justin bribe you? Why are you speaking for him?" 
Quentin smiled helplessly. "I'm only speaking facts and commenting on what I see." 
Wyatt retracted his displeased gaze and sat there, sulking. 
"Chairman Thompson, I know you chose to stay for dinner because you missed Ms. Bella, right?"
Quentin leaned down, seeing the hint of loneliness hidden in Wyatt's gaze, feeling distressed. "Ms. Bella is in hiding, and you worry about her. Now that you've finally met her, you're unwilling to part ways so soon." 
That was why the business tycoon chose to impose on the couple shamelessly. 
"You are just too stubborn with your words. If you could express your love for Ms. Bella straightforwardly, what couldn't you solve?" 
Wyatt pursed his lips, his eyes drooping in silence. 
After a while, he suddenly asked, "Quentin, are my actions really that bad? I tried to match Bella with Christopher because she is still young and doesn't know the nature of marriage. Love is far less important than compatibility. Christopher is better at taking care of Bella. He's also better at making Bella happy. 
"Bella is fine with that stubborn Justin now, but marriage requires living together for decades. When the passion fades, the cruel side of marriage will surface. Will she be able to handle it at that time? Will she not regret her choice? I only want Bella to try considering others so that she has more choices. Is that wrong?" 
Quentin patiently listened to Wyatt and pondered before speaking thoughtfully. "Parents try to plan for their children's future. Your intentions were right, but I disagree with something you said. You think love is not as important as compatibility, but I think character is most important. I haven't interacted much with Mr. Christopher, so I can't comment much. However, he intentionally leaked Ms. Bella's and Mr. Salvador's whereabouts to you this time, and you know very well why he did it. Since he likes Ms. Bella, he should compete with Mr. Salvador fairly. It's not very honorable to use you to pressure Mr. Salvador.” Wyatt was stunned by Quentin's words.
###chapter1325
After messing around for an hour, a few somewhat presentable dishes were finally served on the table. 
Simple stir-frying dishes were fine, but once the difficulty increased, Justin found that he had no talent for cooking. 
He even relied on Bella to supervise and instruct him throughout the process. If he tried to cook on his own, they would probably have to wait until midnight. 
After the work was done, Justin's forehead was covered with sweat, and his white shirt was drenched. 
Bella felt distressed as she looked at him, taking a tissue to wipe his sweat while pouting angrily. "Wyatt is so annoying. He has a bunch of cooks and Aunt Celeste, our beautiful residential chef, at home. Why did he have to stay for dinner and make things difficult for others?" 
"Bella, you haven't seen Chairman Thompson for some time, and you asked him to stay to taste my cooking." Justin did not think it was troublesome. Instead, he enjoyed the cozy moment cooking with his beloved woman. 
Bella blamed herself for speaking sarcastically, causing it to backfire on Justin instead. Her face flushed. "That was my anger speaking! Can't he tell?" 
"It's okay, Bella." 
Justin's arm wrapped around Bella's narrow waist, comforting her softly. "I've always wanted to do something for Chairman Thompson, even if it's just a simple dinner." "Are you trying to please him?" 
Bella pressed her body close to him, her nose almost touching his. "Forget about it. He's impossible. Even if you bomb him with kindness, he might still show you a sour face. Besides, you don't have to do so. Who cares about him when we're together?"
"Ahem!" 
Wyatt coughed loudly, interrupting the couple's sweet words. 
Bella rolled her eyes. 'This old geezer is always ruining the mood!' 
"Ha, it must be tough for Mr. Salvador to cook. I even thought you were going to make breakfast for me instead of dinner." Wyatt sneered, taking his seat elegantly. 
Justin was speechless. 
"Ha, you said you wanted to stay for dinner yourself. Nobody is forcing you." Bella shot back, her eyes narrowing slightly. "Apart from me, Justin has never cooked for anyone else. Stop complaining when you're already taking advantage of him." 
Wyatt was at a loss for words. 
Justin frowned and chuckled. 
Bella and Wyatt were indeed father and daughter. Their tone and mannerisms were the same, as if they were looking in a mirror. 
Wyatt straightened his back, picked up his cutlery, and started to dig in. 
Justin felt as if his heart was not his own the whole time, unable to feel his heartbeat. He held his breath as he waited for Wyatt to try his cooking. 
The unwanted son-in-law had to face his father-in-law someday. 
"Is sauce free?" 
"Why is there so much salt?"
"These vegetables are overcooked. What a failure!" 
Wyatt gobbled down the food while making harsh comments. 
Justin expected that his review would not be great, but he did not expect it to be this bad. He could only smile bitterly. 
However, no matter what, it was already something he would not dare dream of-that Bella's father would allow him on the table. 
Bella could not endure it anymore and finally exploded. "That's enough, Wyatt! If you can't eat it, you're welcome to leave. Justin put in so much hard work to cook for you. Even if you don't like it, you shouldn't be so ungrateful! Besides, why did you eat so much if it tasted bad? Are you a masochist?" 
"I didn't even change after getting off the plane and came straight to Savrow to look for you! I haven't had a sip of water until now. I finally got to stay for a meal, but this bastard is so slow at cooking that I almost starved to death! Do you think I like eating this? His dishes are inedible!" As he spoke, Wyatt shoved down another spoonful of food, chewing fiercely, as if he were chewing Justin's flesh and bones instead. 
Bella was initially angry, but she could not help but laugh after hearing this. 
Seeing that his daughter was smiling, Wyatt's lips instinctively curled up. 
Justin and Quentin were delighted to see the ice breaking between the father and daughter. The atmosphere at the dinner table started to become warm and relaxed, compared to the heavy and suffocating pressure at the beginning.
###chapter1326
The meal was unexpectedly calm and smooth. 
Bella and Wyatt seemed to have a tacit understanding, and neither brought up anything that might upset the other. 
"Damn! How could you guys eat without me?!" 
Ralph got impatient while strolling around. He was also hungry at this point. He immediately plopped down at the dining table and said, "Bella, why didn't you call me when you prepared such a feast? I don't eat as much as Axel does. Are you afraid that I'd finish your food?!" 
Wyatt and Bella looked at Ralph, saying simultaneously, "Shit, I forgot about you." 
After dinner, Wyatt prepared to leave. 
Bella stood on the steps and watched Wyatt and Quentin leave, but Justin did not dare to neglect Wyatt and sent him to the car. 
Before entering the car, Wyatt's tall figure suddenly paused, and he looked at Justin solemnly. "Don't get cocky. I only stayed for dinner tonight because I miss my daughter and want to spend more time with her. I've never acknowledged you, nor have I forgiven you." 
Justin was humble, and his voice was hoarse with a tinge of bitterness. "I know I'm not good enough, so I never dreamed of getting your forgiveness. I only hope you can give me a chance to be good to Bella. I'm willing to give my life for her, and I'll spare no efforts to make her happy." 
Wyatt's pupils slightly contracted, and he raised his brows mockingly. "Justin, how you behave in front of Bella is your business. But in front of me, you don't need to act like a lover boy. Besides my family, I am ruthless toward anyone else. Even if you really give your life to my daughter, I'll still resent you and
disapprove of you two being together. In the end, all your efforts will be futile, and you'll regret it." "I've only regretted one thing in my life." 
The corner of Justin's eyes was slightly red, and his trembling lips parted. "I regretted not realizing my true feelings in the beginning and failing to cherish Bella back then. Even if I can't end up with Bella, I will always protect her until I take my last breath." 
Wyatt stared at him intently and said nothing before getting into the car. 
After the Thompson family's luxurious car drove away, Justin turned around and walked back to Bella. 
"What did Wyatt say to you?" Bella hugged his arm, embracing it. 
"Chairman Thompson wants you to go to bed earlier and eat on time. Your body is not as strong as you think, so don't overwork yourself." 
Justin lowered his head and kissed her cheek affectionately. "Also, stop eating ice cream while you're on your period." 
"I don't know whether Wyatt said the first two sentences, but you must've added the last point yourself." Bella squinted at him, seeing through Justin's little tricks. 
"I can't fool you." 
Justin curled his lips helplessly. "Just listen to me once, okay?" 
"Fine... What did he really say to you? It can't be anything good!" Bella persisted. 
Justin's lashes fluttered, and he smiled casually. "No matter what he said, aren't you still by my side? I'm already satisfied that Chairman Thompson did not bring you away." 
On the way back, Quentin did not dare speak to Wyatt.
The air in the car felt a little suffocating, but he felt that the cause was not Justin. 
After God knows how long, Wyatt suddenly blurted out, "Actually, that brat's cooking is edible." 
Quentin's eyes widened, but he still smiled calmly. "It's because Ms. Bella's instructions were on point." 
"He's really patient. If it were me, I couldn't have endured a woman nagging in my ear. It's like having a thousand mosquitoes flying around. How annoying." Wyatt clicked his tongue. "Madam was also someone who loved to talk, smile, and nag you. I don't see you being impatient at all..." 
Quentin accidentally mentioned Wyatt's first wife, Bella's mother. His heart tightened, and his words came to a halt. Afraid of reminding Wyatt of his painful memories, he did not dare to continue. Wyatt's eagle-like eyes were covered with a thick layer of sadness. A lump formed in his throat, and his trembling hands, resting on his knees, clenched into fists. 
After a long silence, Wyatt murmured hoarsely, "Quentin... I miss Yara." 
Quentin opened his mouth, but did not know how to comfort him.
###chapter1327
"I don't mind everything else. But when Bella said that I never knew what her mother wanted, it really broke my heart." Wyatt slowly closed his eyes, his lashes tainted with tears under the city's neon lights. 
"Apart from me, who else would understand Yara?" 
"Chairman Thompson, Ms. Bella is still young and spirited. She did not experience the past, nor did she know about it." 
Quentin let out a long sigh. "If she had the chance to know everything about Madam, she would come to understand your painstaking efforts." 
After sending Wyatt away, Yasmin brought Carrie to rest upstairs while Bella, Justin, and Ralph sat in the living room to discuss serious matters. "Bella, I swear to God, I didn't snitch on you!" Ralph swore, raising his fingers. 
"I know. You guys are not such despicable people. Even Declan, who bears the most hostility toward Justin, would never stoop so low to use Wyatt to pressure us." Bella trusted her family unconditionally. "You've lived here for the past few days. Wyatt would have come earlier if he had heard the news. It means someone leaked your information to Wyatt. They can't stand seeing you happy!" Ralph rubbed his chin, feeling puzzled. "Who could it be?" 
"It must be that snake." Bella said out of instinct, "I was bored out of my mind and asked Justin to go out with me on a walk. Savrow is full of Christopher's spies. His men could have noticed our whereabouts and followed us. It's possible that he snitched on us to make himself relevant to Wyatt." 
Bella suspected Christopher because she viewed him as a demon. 
"Damn, does he have nothing else to do? Why is he so shameless?" Ralph tutted and shook his head disdainfully.
"It doesn't matter. If he wants to play with these dirty tricks, let him be. Anyway, Justin and I are immune to it." Bella raised her beautiful face at Justin. 
Justin's eyes were laced with tenderness and affection. He kissed her lips as if nobody else were around. 
Bella never needed to ask for a kiss. He was always proactive. 
"Fuck... Can we get down to business quickly? I still have to go back to the station." 
Ralph turned his head away, looking a little disgusted. "You guys are cheesier than the cheese I ate last night!" 
Returning to the topic, Justin opened the file Ralph brought, reading through the documents carefully with Bella. 
"Shannon's case will go on public trial soon. This document contains the information I collected with Axel, including some details the judge might ask. Take a look if there's anything else to add." Ralph's expression turned serious. "We only have one chance. We must grasp it so as not to give Shannon and the Salvador Corporation any time to breathe." 
Justin's gaze was burning, and he held the document tightly, the feather-light paper feeling like a heavy stone in his hands. 
Finally, the day when dawn would break was approaching. 
"Ralph, thank you. Axel too." 
Bella gripped Justin's hand, looking at Ralph with gratitude. "But your assistance can stop here regarding Shannon's case. It's already against the rules for you to bring this information out for us. And it's enough. Justin and I will follow up with the rest. You and Axel don't need to worry about it anymore."
Ralph pursed his lips in thought and then nodded. "Good luck." 
"Thanks." Justin's thin lips curled. 
It was getting late, so Ralph insisted that they did not need to see him out and got up, walking toward the entrance. 
Just as he wanted to open the door, someone pushed the door open first. 
A cold gust of wind brushed past him, and the man who appeared was none other than Ryan, who rushed back. 
Seeing Ralph, Ryan was stunned. 
What was going on? Why was Ralph at his house?! 
Ralph looked indifferent. "Please excuse me." 
His casual attitude made Ryan inexplicably pissed. 
Therefore, he raised his brows and sized up Ralph with a mocking gaze, a subtle hostility radiating from him. "Oh, who is this? Isn't this the handsome little guy on TV?" 
"I'm the one on TV, and who might you be?" Ralph tilted his head, refusing to back down in the slightest. "The territorial and protective Ryan?"
###chapter1328
Ralph's casual words immediately raised the tension between him and Ryan. 
Ryan's eyes widened, and the nerves in his body tensed. 
Territorial and protective? Was Ralph referring to Carrie? Why did Ralph suddenly refer to him with that?! Ryan had only left for a short time, yet there had already been a thief in his home, trying to steal from him?! "Ralph? You haven't left yet?" 
Just as the two men were stuck in a deadlock, Bella and Justin walked over after hearing the commotion. 
Bella sharply noticed that the two men seemed to be confronting each other, and her gaze turned suspicious. 
"Oh, I'm not quite sure how to open this door. Luckily, Mr. Hoffman was back and opened it for me. I will leave now." 
Ralph turned back and smiled brightly at Bella, as if nothing had happened. "Bella, after I'm done with work, let me bring you out for a trip. You shouldn't just spend your time with one guy. It'll be boring!" Justin was speechless. 
Although he knew it was a joke and that Ralph was Bella's brother, Justin still could not help but feel jealous. 
After Ralph left, Ryan still had not calmed his emotions. Warning bells were ringing in his mind. 
He felt that Ralph had met Carrie while he was not home, and they had interacted for a while. 
"Ryan, what's wrong? You don't look good," Justin asked worriedly.
"Nothing." Ryan took a deep breath. 
"Sorry. I asked Ralph to send some information to me without informing you in advance." 
Bella was sharp and perceptive, immediately sensing what Ryan was bothered about, and she apologized to him. "You are like brothers with Justin, but this is still your home with Carrie. I am merely crashing here. It was improper for me to let an outsider in. I won't let it happen again." 
Justin was shocked. He held her thin waist, hurriedly explaining to Ryan, "Bella, don't overthink it. Ryan is not so petty." 
Ryan's eyes widened, and he quickly waved his hand. "Bella! I don't deserve such words from you! I'm happy that you're staying here. Justin is happy, and Carrie is even happier! Since you came, her mood has lightened, and she's become more talkative. I'd even love for you two to stay until Christmas! I have no complaints!" 
Bella leaned against Justin's chest, and they shared a tacit look. "I'm indeed embarrassed to disturb you for so long. Although I'm reluctant to part with Carrie, it's inconvenient for you lovebirds to be intimate with us living here." 
Her words made Ryan embarrassed. 
He was once a seasoned player on the field of love, but because of Carrie, his personality had completely changed, and he regarded love and sex as sacred. So, listening to Bella's words now, he felt pretty shy, blushing like a teenager who had first experienced love. 
"Besides, my father was here tonight." 
"Chairman Thompson came?!" Ryan jumped in shock. 
Damn it! What else did he miss while he was away?!
"Although he brought some men, he did not forcefully take me away and even stayed for the dinner Justin prepared." 
"What?! Justin cooked?!" 
Ryan's jaw nearly dropped from the shock, but he still did not forget to tease Justin. "Chairman Thompson has guts, daring to put anything in his mouth. What if he got food poisoning?" 
Justin was speechless as he gritted his teeth. "Did you have dinner at the garbage dump? What a foul mouth." 
"My father's attitude toward Justin isn't great, but at least he's not as hostile. He now knows that we're living together, so there's nothing to hide. We'll pack up and return to live in my villa." Bella's eyes curved sweetly, eagerly wanting to enjoy her time alone with Justin. 
"How about tonight?" Justin understood her, softly whispering in her ears. 
"Aren't you tired after cooking all night? I'm exhausted. Let's talk about it tomorrow." Bella yawned. 
Justin's hands touched her waist restlessly. "Then tonight, I'll do the moving. You stay put." 
Although he was whispering, Ryan could hear him clearly. 
Fuck... When did this man become such a flirt?!
###chapter1329
Ryan's throat bobbed, and his desire had been ignited too. He had even thought of how to love Carrie tonight and in what positions. "Pervert!" Bella bit her red lips, elbowing Justin in the ribs. 
The three of them returned to the living room and sat down. 
At this moment, Carrie fell asleep while watching TV, so Yasmin came downstairs after taking care of her and served the trio tea. 
Yasmin looked at Ryan, seemingly hesitant to speak. After all, it was not the time to give a report. 
"I went back to the Hoffman family." 
Ryan lowered his head and drank a sip of tea, his tone heavy and full of guilt. "Justin, Bella, I must apologize to you. My grandfather still bailed out Zoe in the end." Upon hearing this name, Justin's eyes instantly flashed with icy murderous intent. 
"She's indeed ridiculously out of line, but it's not to the extent of being convicted. I've already expected her to be released after being locked up for a few weeks." 
Bella did not show much emotion and was calm. "However, even if she was released, Zoe's social life in the country was as good as dead. Due to all those scandals, her reputation was ruined. That woman's dreams of standing under the spotlight and gaining everyone's attention have been completely shattered. Even if she's from the Hoffman family, most of the TV channels and media have blacklisted her. She cannot appear in public events or even live broadcasts, let alone be a pianist. The two notorious women in Savrow, Shannon and Zoe, will be remembered for ages, though not in the way they wanted." "It's not enough. It's far from enough." 
Justin's eyes burned with angry flames as if they could turn everything into ashes, and he gripped Bella's hand so tightly that it hurt. "The harm she caused Bella is enough to make her pay for it by
dying a miserable death. This punishment is too light for her! Ryan, although she is your sister, I have to warn you that I won't show her any mercy." 
Bella's heart trembled slightly. She rested her head on Justin's shoulder, feeling inexplicably safe. 
"Sigh, Justin, you might not have a chance to act. I've sent her away." 
Ryan sighed in frustration. His brows furrowed deeply. "My grandfather and mother want me to protect her. I fought with them, but in the end, the conclusion was to exile her. I will watch her closely and forbid her from returning to Savrow. Bella, I can only do this much for now. I also want to punish her properly, but..." 
"Ryan, you don't need to explain. I understand your difficulty." 
Bella smiled faintly, comforting him. "I'm already grateful for what you've done. It's enough. I don't need more. Your career is in an important phase now. If you go too far with Zoe, your restless uncle might hold it against you, and your grandfather would bear a grudge in his heart. Don't underestimate these grudges. They might become the strongest obstacle on your path to controlling the Hoffman family. Moreover, compared to getting my revenge on that brat, what I want more is to see you and Carrie living happily together. I want to see you marry her, even if you have to face countless obstacles. I hope you will have enough power to fight against anyone and protect her." 
Bella meant that she wanted Ryan to firmly grasp the real power of the Hoffman family. 
Only with enough power could he guarantee a bright future with Carrie. 
"Bella, Justin, rest assured and leave Carrie to me." 
Ryan looked at Bella gratefully, feeling happy for Justin to have such an understanding and considerate woman as his lover, from the depths of his heart.
However, Ryan was not jealous. 
In his heart, Carrie was perfect. 
When Taylor hurriedly rushed to report the situation to Christopher, Christopher was training his shooting skills in the shooting range. 
He wore a spotless white shirt and ironed black slacks, with black leather sleeves tied to his arm, showing his tense muscles. 
Under the gold-rimmed glasses, his gaze was cold and sharp, and his gun-handling posture was on point. He fired three consecutive shots at the target, which was a hundred meters away. Bang! Bang! Bang! 
Taylor quickly covered his ears, staring at his boss with admiration.
###chapter1330
'Ah... He's so cool and sexy! Why is Ms. Bella not attracted to an outstanding man like Mr. Christopher?' Taylor thought. 
At this moment, the target slowly moved closer, with Justin's picture stuck on it. 
Moreover, the three consecutive shots Christopher fired accurately hit Justin's head. 
"Amazing! Mr. Christopher, your shooting skills are on point!" Taylor immediately clapped and flattered his boss. 
"It's a pity." Christopher put away his gun. His pale lips parted slightly. 
"Pity?" 
"It's a pity that it's just a photo and not the real person." 
Christopher did not look at Taylor. Instead, he pulled out a white handkerchief from his pocket and carefully wiped his gun. "What's the matter?" 
"Mr. Christopher, the men we sent to follow Chairman Thompson updated that although Chairman Thompson went to find Ms. Bella and Justin, he did not bring her away." Taylor's forehead was already covered with sweat after he finished his sentence. 
As expected, Christopher's gaze turned dark. "He didn't take Bella with him? Is Bella still living at Ryan's place with Justin?" 
"Yes..." Taylor's voice trembled. 
Christopher's eyes were filled with gloom and viciousness. He immediately loaded bullets into his gun and fired several shots at the ground.
The bullet exploded by Taylor's feet, scaring him out of his wits, but he did not dare to make a sound. 
It was not until Taylor had emptied the clip that Christopher took a deep breath, his eyes red with madness. 
"Prepare the car!" 
It was almost midnight when Wyatt returned to Yara Park. 
His expression was incredibly pissed when he left, but now, it seemed he had come to terms with something. Thinking about how his daughter even put on some weight under the care of that bastard, his tensed heart slowly relaxed. 
In fact, he felt a bit of regret. 
If he had not taken such extreme measures as to imprison his daughter at home, Bella would not have escaped by jumping out of the window on that stormy night. 
The more Wyatt thought about it, the more he felt a lingering fear. 
If anything happened to her when she jumped out the window, he could not continue living either. He would not have the guts to face Bella's mother in the afterlife. After all, what mattered more than Bella's safety? 
As for that Salvador brat... 
"Uncle Wyatt!" 
Hearing someone call out to him, Wyatt and Quentin both turned around.
They saw Christopher walking over while holding an exquisite white pastry box, his gaze shining with passionate light. 
"Christopher? Why are you here?" Wyatt looked at him in surprise. 
Christopher's heart sank, but he maintained his graceful smile. "I've been here, waiting for you to bring Bella back. I'm worried that she might not have the time to eat in the car, so... I prepared some pastries from the famous shop in Savrow. She mentioned before that she liked the pastries from this shop the most, so I..." 
"I didn't bring Bella back with me. She's still with Justin now." 
Wyatt interrupted him indifferently. "I thank you on behalf of Bella. It's past midnight, and it's inappropriate for someone of your status to wait here. Go back quickly." 
Seeing Wyatt's dismissive attitude, Christopher got anxious and stepped forward. "Uncle Wyatt! Are you really going to watch Bella repeat her mistakes?! 
"Justin once made Bella suffer alone, bled her dry, and made her shed tears, even damaging her body! How can you tolerate Bella being with such a despicable and shameless man?!" 
Wyatt's sharp eyes narrowed, revealing an ambiguous smile. "Justin repeatedly harassed my daughter. He was slapped a hundred times and even risked his life a few times, yet he still stuck to my daughter. It's indeed quite shameless. But in my opinion, he does things openly. He never backstabbed anyone or played dirty tricks. In terms of character and human decency, he's still passable. At the very least, he car still redeem himself."
###chapter1331
Christopher's expression stiffened. 
Wyatt did not mention Christopher's name, but Christopher felt as if Wyatt was targeting him with each word. The anger boiling from within his heart scorched Christopher's pale face. "Uncle Wyatt, everything Justin does now is just to get on Bella's good side and deceive her." 
Christopher clenched his fists tightly, his fingers almost digging into his flesh. He bore an unrelenting murderous intent toward Justin. "If he really loved Bella, how could he not fall for her during those three years of marriage, when they were living together? Any normal man would be moved by such a beautiful and outstanding woman! But he still heartlessly abandoned Bella back then. It shows that his love for Bella isn't genuine!" 
"Not genuine?" Wyatt raised an eyebrow. 
"Have you ever thought about when Justin started to have feelings for Bella? Wasn't it until after they were divorced that he got to know that the wife he had looked down upon for three years was actually the KS Group's heiress? Everyone knew that Justin was not the son of Chairman Salvador's first wife, and the way his mother rose to power was not honorable. 
"If Chairman Salvador's eldest son was not in poor health, how could he let Justin bear the heavy responsibility of heading the Salvador Corporation? Now that he's pestering Bella, do you think his aim is pure and genuine? He must have an ulterior motive to use the Thompson family's power to change his awkward position." 
Christopher's gaze was anxious, and his words were heartfelt. He was talking until his mouth felt dry. "He forced Bella to divorce him so that he could marry someone else. He's despicable for doing that. Aren't you afraid of him being unfaithful a second or third time? Are you really going to gamble on Justin's character and risk your daughter's future?!"
Quentin listened on the side, frowning slightly. He observed Christopher discreetly. 
He had not noticed before, but Quentin realized now that Christopher had a silver tongue that could twist words to his advantage. 
It would be destructive if Christopher used his eloquence to distort right and wrong. 
"Mr. Iverson, you seem to know more about my daughter than I do as her father." 
Wyatt's eyes still carried a smile, but his tone was cold. "If Justin was, as you said, a shallow opportunist who only values power, he shouldn't have accepted my daughter, who had disguised herself as a nobody since the beginning. Won't it be easier to just marry a wealthy lady?" 
Christopher suddenly fell silent, obviously not knowing what to say. 
"I'm getting older, and I can't dictate what Bella does forever. She chose that man, so she has to deal with the consequences. If she gets bullied, it serves her right. I can't possibly shrink her and carry her in my pocket wherever I go, can I?" 
Wyatt's dark humor made Quentin struggle to hold back his chuckle. 
However, Christopher's resentment grew in his heart, and his pale and dry lips trembled. "Uncle Wyatt..." 
"If you still refuse to give up on Bella, you can pursue my daughter with passion and compete with Justin fairly." 
Wyatt casually retracted his gaze from Christopher's stiff face, curling his lips coldly. "But don't look for me in the future about this matter again. I have many children, and if I had to worry about each of them like this, I wouldn't be getting any rest!"
After that, Wyatt and Quentin stepped into Yara Park's entrance. 
The door swung shut, bringing with it a gust of chilling breeze that hit Christopher in the face. 
After settling things with Christopher, Wyatt inexplicably felt that even his steps had become lighter. 
"That Iverson brat's mouth is pretty sharp," Wyatt mocked. 
"Yeah. Sometimes, it's hard to see what people are good at until they show their true colors." Quentin smiled, his praise carrying subtle mockery. 
"Tsk! I've attended business conferences with Justin multiple times. He could switch languages fluently when he was on stage, talk non-stop, and speak confidently. But in front of me, he would either swear on his life, admit his mistakes, or promise to treat Bella well. He was so clumsy that I would've thought his brain wasn't fully developed had I not seen him in the business arena." Wyatt shook his head, showing a disdainful expression. 
Quentin smiled knowingly. "No matter how many weaknesses Justin has, he has one redeeming quality. Christopher is Ms. Bella's childhood friend and Justin's love rival. But until now, do you remember hearing Justin say a single bad word about his rival?" 
Quentin knew when to stop. If he favored Justin too much, it might just backfire. 
Sigh. How he wanted to help Justin and Bella get together!
###chapter1332
Wyatt glanced at him suspiciously. "It seems you quite admire Justin." 
Quentin remained composed. "You misunderstood, sir. I'm merely stating facts. I watched Ms. Bella grow up too and care for her, sincerely hoping she could marry a good husband." "Aren't your words discreetly praising Justin?!" 
Quentin did not dare to speak further. 
Suddenly, Wyatt's footsteps halted, and he stood by the window, glancing outside. 
Confused, Quentin could not help following Wyatt's gaze. 
At this angle, they could see Christopher fiercely smashing the pastries he had prepared for Bella outside Yara Park on the ground. 
Still unsatisfied, Christopher kicked the pastries, shattering the exquisite treats into pieces. 
"Ha. It seems that he has quite a temper." 
Wyatt snorted disdainfully and left. 
Looking at Christopher's unrecognizable face, Quentin felt deeply fortunate that Bella did not choose to be with a fake man like that. 
In the past, the only person to be snubbed by Wyatt and not allowed to enter the villa was Justin. 
Christopher never expected that he would end up in the same situation. 
For someone competitive and proud like him, it was akin to a great humiliation. 
"Mr. Christopher! Please calm down!"
Taylor bent down to clean the pieces of pastries on the ground, comforting Christopher with a trembling voice. "Don't overthink it. Chairman Thompson always favored you. He can't dislike you so suddenly. At the very least, you're still better than that bastard, Justin! Ms. Bella must have pissed him off, so he had nowhere to vent his pent-up anger. You just happened to be here, so he couldn't help but take it out on you. Once he calms down, he will remember your advantages." 
"This time... It's different." 
Christopher's bloodshot eyes flashed with a malicious glint, like a beast that could tear its prey into pieces with its claws. "Wyatt had obviously approved of Bella being with Justin. He would no longer interfere with them, let alone help me." 
Wyatt was the toughest obstacle he could set up between Bella and Justin's relationship for now. It was also his strongest trump card when he used Zoe to expose the fact that Bella could not conceive anymore. 
But even so, he still failed to destroy the relationship between Bella and Justin, and even Wyatt had unconsciously sided with Justin. 
No matter how many dirty tricks he had up his sleeve, Christopher was at his wit's end. 
Returning to the car, Christopher looked so pale, as if he were about to collapse. 
After hesitating for a while, he pulled out his phone and dialed that man's number with trembling fingers. 
The call connected after some time. 
"Sir... Wyatt has approved of Bella being with Justin. He won't help me anymore." Christopher's usual proud and arrogant temperament vanished. Christopher was lowly and humble in front of this man.
"Tsk! I've told you since the beginning that you need to do things with an iron fist if you want to win Bella over." 
The man did not conceal his mocking laughter. "But all you could think of was to put on the nice guy act before her, fantasizing about the day she would give up on Justin and be with you. You're so stupid that i makes me distressed. If the orthodox way won't work, resort to violence. Destroy her if you can't have her. Why let Justin benefit?" 
Destroy her?
###chapter1333
Bella was the true love of Christopher's life. How could he bear to destroy her...? 
"What are you going to do next? Are you done considering?" The man's lazy voice carried a hint of threat. 
"Sir, give me another chance. One last chance!" 
Christopher's face was pale and greenish, emanating an ominous and vicious chill, like a demon struggling to break free from purgatory. "Isn't your research institute developing a type of drug that could instantly cause cardiac arrest? Can you give me one?" 
"Oh? What do you want that for?" The man smiled mockingly. "You aren't thinking of using that on yourself, right? Mr. Christopher, you're indeed daring and courageous. Do you think all those injections over the years are not enough? That drug has not passed clinical testing. There's a huge risk." 
"I know, but this is my last resort. I want to bet on everything I have." Christopher's eyes were bloodshot, and even his reason was teetering on the edge. 
"Sigh. If you have a healthy body and the capability, you could achieve your goal sooner or later. In the end, it's just a woman. You don't need to take such a huge risk." 
The man advised, "Besides, you are the number one villain in Bella's eyes now. If anything happened to you, wouldn't that be just what she wanted?" 
"It's not for me." 
"Oh?" 
"Pity and guilt are the most difficult weaknesses to overcome for humanity." Christopher's gaze was deep and dark. "Bella is a kind woman. I want her to owe me forever. Only in this way can I make her
stay by my side." 
After finishing their discussion, Bella and Justin returned to their room. 
Ryan knew that Carrie would be asleep at this time, so he reluctantly headed to the study, planning to do some paperwork before ending the day. He was a changed man. 
In the past, not even the end of the world could prevent him from sleeping. Now, he could not sleep until he had dealt with the company's matters. 
All of his efforts were for the sake of giving Carrie a comfortable future. 
"Mr. Ryan." Yasmin's voice rang out behind him. 
Ryan quickly turned around. "You've not rested yet? I told you that you don't need to care about me. Just keep an eye on Carrie. If she wakes up in the night and feels thirsty, there will be no one around her." Yasmin pursed her lips, saying in a low voice, "There's something I must report to you tonight. You need to be more wary of Ralph in the future. He came today and had quite a few interactions with Young Madam Carrie when I wasn't paying attention. Although I can't say he likes her, I think he had a good impression of Young Madam Carrie." 
She did not dare tell Ryan that Carrie mistook Ralph for him and hugged Ralph, afraid that Ryan would rush to deal with Ralph now. 
But even though she had simplified the situation, Ryan still exploded immediately, much like a spark of fire in the frying pan. He stormed toward their bedroom with reddened eyes. "Hey! Mr. Ryan!" 
Yasmin grabbed him, panicking. "Young Madam Carrie is sleeping. You will disturb her if you go there! Besides, Young Madam Carrie only has you in her heart. She has no interest in that Thompson guy! Don't vent your anger on her!"
Looking at her anxious face, Ryan smiled bitterly, despite the annoyance in his heart. "Yasmin, what are you thinking? Am I such a petty little man in your eyes?" Yasmin's expression said "yes". 
"Even if others don't know how much I love Carrie, you should. I trust her unconditionally and forever." 
Ryan took a deep breath, thinking of Carrie's clear and cute eyes. His gaze was tender. "I haven't seen her for a day, and I miss her. I just want to kiss her. Nothing else."
###chapter1334
Ryan walked into the room with careful and light steps. 
Afraid of disturbing his lover's dreams, he even took off his shoes at the door, walking in with his socks. 
On the big and comfortable bed, Carrie's thin and small body was curled up in the blankets, only revealing her head. Her dark hair scattered around the pillow. 
Ryan sat by the bed, staring deeply at his beloved's cute little sleeping face. He brushed away the strands of hair stuck to her cheek. 
His eyes, which used to take in many women, now only belonged to her alone. 
"I was only away from home for a while, but so many things happened." 
Ryan's calloused fingers traced Carrie's smooth face, her cherry red lips, and her delicate collarbone. "I thought I was the only man thinking about you in this world. Now, it seems your charm is stronger than I imagined. It makes me not want to bring you out in the future. What if someone else has their eyes on you? Do you know that I almost couldn't rein myself in after I heard what happened tonight? If that brat was not your sister-in-law's brother, I would've roughed him up!" 
Subconsciously, he increased the strength in his fingertips. 
Carrie's eyelashes fluttered, and she moaned softly. Ryan quickly withdrew his hand in fright, afraid of disturbing her peaceful slumber. 
At this moment, Carrie flipped over, lying flat on the bed and kicking off the blankets, revealing her body. 
Although she wore a silk nightgown, her sleeping posture was restless, rumpling her dress. Ryan could see her fair shoulders and half of her breasts spilling out.
The thick desire in Ryan's gaze deepened, and his broad shoulders trembled slightly in his attempt at restraint. 
This time, he truly could not hold back anymore. 
"Hmm... Do you really like my painting?" Carrie murmured in her sleep. 
Ryan could hear each word clearly in the quiet room. 
He thought, 'Carrie, you're definitely not asking me this question. Who are you asking?' 
"Ralph..." 
Instantly, Ryan felt as if all the blood in his body flowed in reverse, and his mind turned blank. 
The next second, he pressed down on Carrie's body. He was fierce and savage as he kissed her soft lips. 
His actions woke Carrie up. 
Carrie was frightened in the beginning, but when she saw that the person on top of her was Ryan, she relaxed and wrapped her hands around his neck, using her gentle affection to wash away the hint of hostility between their lips. 
Her thin nightgown was stripped off. 
She would always welcome Ryan. 
No matter what time it was, as long as he wanted her, she would give it to him. 
She drifted in the rising waves of pleasure for a long time until she could not bear it anymore. She scratched Ryan's back and pleaded in a tearful voice before Ryan was finally willing to let her off. This
beast of a man was indeed possessed by a stud, wanting to do it when he was in a good mood and even more so when he was mad. 
"Carrie, what did that brat do to you? Hmm?" Ryan still pinned her down, the strong possessiveness in his eyes almost burning. "Ryan... Did I do something wrong?" 
Carrie could feel his anger, but she did not know what she had done wrong, feeling aggrieved and anxious. She teared up. 
Ryan could not bear to see her cry. His heart instantly ached, as if a knife had plunged into it. He hurriedly pulled her into his arms and gently patted her back. 
"It's nothing. You didn't do anything wrong... It was my fault. It's okay now. Let's sleep." 
Ryan stayed up until dawn. 
Carrie slept soundly, but Ryan was like a haggard father who spent the whole night coaxing his crying child, not having an ounce of sleep. He came down the stairs with heavy eye bags. Bella and Justin had a good night's sleep and woke up early in the morning. 
After a morning run and a shower, they had already started to prepare breakfast at this time. 
Bella casually sat at the dining table, enjoying her toast, while Justin wore an apron and focused on frying eggs in the kitchen. 
They were sweet, resembling an old married couple. 
Ryan, who was overwhelmed with jealousy last night, felt provoked again.
###chapter1335
Bella saw Ryan walk over. His handsome face looked worn out. 
"Oh my, Ryan, what's up with you? Were you trying to dig a tunnel in your room last night?" Bella teased him. 
"I... Sigh. Don't mention it." Ryan sighed gloomily. 
How should he say it? 
If he complained about Bella's brother in front of her, Ryan would put his best friend in a difficult spot. 
Bella could sense that there was something on his mind, but since he did not want to say it, she stopped pressing further. 
"Do you want to eat? I'll make another portion for you if you want." Justin turned back to look at him, his hands not stopping the work. "I don't have an appetite. I'll skip breakfast." 
Ryan walked to the refrigerator and opened it, taking a bottle of iced water and then downing it in one go after twisting off the cap. 
Then he crumpled the empty bottle and took a deep breath. "Bella, Justin, I want to get married to Carrie today." 
The couple were stunned. "What? Today?!" 
"Yes. Today." 
Ryan's gaze was intense, and his voice was deep and hoarse. "I've thought about it. Dragging things would only bring more trouble. I don't care if my family agrees to it or not. I'll get my marriage license with Carrie first, so we will be legally married. She will be my wife and the Hoffman Group's lady boss.
Even if my grandfather disagrees, there's nothing he can do about it. I'll compensate Carrie with a grand wedding of the century after I get a hold of the Hoffman Group. Carrie will understand my decision." 
Justin frowned slightly, forgetting to flip the eggs in the pan. They end up burned. 
"Justin, my documents are at home, so I'll return home to get them later. Where's your family's register? Can you get it today?" 
"Ryan, what are you planning? You're acting weird today." Bella's eyes narrowed. 
"Why? I just want to marry Carrie. Why are you two looking like that? Shouldn't you cheer for me and give me your support?" Ryan's brows furrowed anxiously. 
"Ryan, you've been dating Carrie for a while, and you've always been able to wait. Why did you suddenly become so restless?" 
Justin turned off the stove and looked at him worriedly. "Also, our family's register is with Gregory. If you randomly ask for it, he definitely won't give it to you. After all, you embarrassed Gregory for Bella during the last banquet. He's petty and holds a grudge. Now that you need something from him, he'll have leverage over you. If you anger him, he might just try to arrange another marriage for Carrie. The Hoffman Group is still in a mess because of Zoe, and Gregory doesn't want any association with you guys." 
"I..." Ryan clenched his fists. 
"Also, have you dealt with your family's internal affairs?" 
Bella's expression was serious and stern, as if she and Justin were Carrie's parents. "Do your grandfather and your mother agree to this marriage? If you act without their knowledge, aren't you
afraid that your grandfather might withdraw your position in a fit of anger? Aren't you afraid your uncle would take the chance to drag you down? Logan only has one grandson, which is you, and he treasures you greatly. How will he see Carrie, then? Do you want Carrie to never be able to hold her head up in the Hoffman family?" 
"Carrie is my wife! My lover! Who would dare look down on her?!" Ryan's eyes reddened, refusing to take in Bella's words. 
They made it sound as if he were useless. 
Bella shook her head. "Ryan, I have no doubts about your love for Carrie. But you haven't thought it through yet. What do you want? What kind of life do you want to provide for Carrie? The situation now is that you cannot have both the Hoffman Group and Carrie. If you fail to acquire the Hoffman Group, you will undoubtedly disappoint your father's expectations. If you want to be with Carrie, you must be prepared to be excluded from the center of power. Are you willing to let go of something within your grasp?" 
"Why can't I have both? I want the Hoffman Group, and I want Carrie even more!" Ryan's sharp brows twitched, his eyes widening. 
"Nobody's saying you can't be together. You have to keep your cool now. Victory is within reach, so don't sabotage yourself." 
Bella stared at him suspiciously, sizing him up. "What happened between you and Carrie last night? Stop holding it in and let experienced people like us advise you. Don't keep it to yourself and end up depressed." 
"Most importantly, we're worried you'll do something stupid." Justin's thin lips parted, bringing a plate of breakfast to Bella.
Justin was more skilled at this job than Wilma was. He even enjoyed it. 
"It's not that good. Eat while it's hot." 
Justin's handsome and cold face had a heavy contrast with the apron he wore. 
A sweet smile bloomed from the corners of Bella's eyes. She suddenly stood up and hooked her arm around Justin's neck, pecking him on the cheek. 
"A reward." She tipped his chin up with her fingertips. 
Justin's thick, long eyelashes fluttered, and he eagerly responded to her kiss, savoring the sweetness. 
Ryan slumped by the table like a deflated ball, feeling down in the dumps, as if his house had been stolen. 
"I have a love rival."
###chapter1336
"Love rival?" Bella propped her cheek with her left hand while tossing a blueberry into Justin's mouth with her right. "You, Ryan Hoffman, have a love rival? That's unheard of." 
Justin scoffed derisively, "My sister is practically under house arrest with you. Apart from you and your female secretary, who does she even meet? She has no social life, so where could your love rival possibly come from? Her dreams?" 
"That's right!" Ryan slammed his palm on the table, his voice cracking with urgency. 
Recalling the previous night, Ryan heard his girlfriend murmuring another man's name, Ralph. 
She called out another man's name in her dreams! 
Ryan felt his heart shatter into fragments like broken glass. 
"You don't mean my brother, Ralph, right?" Bella looked at him with a chilly gaze. 
Justin froze, wondering how this was linked to Ralph Thompson. 
Ryan's eyes widened, staring at Bella with admiration. "Bella, how did you know? Are you a psychic?!" 
"Psychic, my foot." 
Bella was beyond exasperated. "It's obvious from your expression. Last night, I noticed how you were staring at my brother. It was as obvious as a sore thumb. I immediately felt something was off. Mr. Hoffman, are you perhaps making a mountain out of a molehill? The Thompson men are all men of integrity, certainly not the type to be homewreckers. Don't see every man who chats with Carrie as a rival." "Ralph isn't that kind of person. Ryan, you shouldn't suspect Bella's brother," Justin said as he wrapped his arms around his petite partner, also finding Ryan's suspicions somewhat ridiculous. Ryan
sighed heavily, knowing it was better not to continue this line of thought to avoid sounding like a whining kid. 
"Ah... No wonder you're in a rush to register your marriage with Carrie. It's all because you're feeling threatened." 
Bella quickly figured out Ryan's concerns and lightly chided him, "Hey! Are you really getting worked up over something so trivial? How immature." 
Ryan pressed his lips together in embarrassment, remaining silent. 
"Let's think about the marriage registration more before making a firm decision." 
As Justin's expression grew stern, he spoke seriously. "Right now, you need to handle your family issues first. Once you're firmly established at the Hoffman Group, everything else will fall into place." Still, Ryan felt uneasy. 
His wife could only be Carrie. Yet, it was not certain that she would choose him as her husband. He genuinely feared that some other man might easily sway her because she was so innocent. When love ran deep, it often made people have a fear of loss. 
As they were finishing their breakfast, lan came back with updates. 
"Young Madam! You're so good at predicting things. Charles Iverson got arrested!" 
lan looked at Bella with eyes full of admiration, utterly in awe of her foresight. "The media has swamped the entrance of the police station now. The police have gathered detailed evidence regarding Charles raping multiple women, among them were two minors!" 
"Damn! He's the worst of the worst!" Ryan exclaimed angrily, slamming his fist on the table.
Hearing of Charles' brutal acts, Justin was deeply angered as well. 
Yet, amid his fury, his admiration for his partner only deepened. He instinctively held Bella's smooth shoulders tightly and drew her into his arms, cherishing her like a priceless gem. 
"Bella, Ryan wasn't wrong. You really are divine, incredibly intelligent, and as stunning as an angel." 
"Of course! Enough with the smooth talk." 
Bella playfully chided, although she secretly enjoyed the flattery. "It's a shame, though, that Charles got caught on camera completely nude. Some reporters were live streaming the arrest and didn't even have time to censor it. Oh... I'm a bit disappointed I missed out on such a thrilling broadcast. The uncensored footage must've been quite a spectacle!" 
Justin found himself both entertained and bewildered by his partner's bold statement, sometimes verging on the wild. Initially, he was not used to it, but he found it utterly appealing. 
A woman as fierce and feisty as Bella perfectly matched his taste. 
"All the videos online now are censored, but if you want, Bella, I can find you the original version." With that, Ryan winked at Bella. 
The couple stared at him, their faces etched with bewilderment. They were speechless. 
Was he genuinely clueless or just pretending to be naive? 
"Now that Astrid and Charles are out of the picture, it's as if James' arms were broken." 
Justin's expression grew icy. His face was covered in frost. "With his siblings gone, he'll share the same fate. James must be in utter panic now. Soon, the entire Iverson Group will turn into a battleground between him and Christopher. James lacks talent, but he's extremely cunning. His fight with
Christopher will be like that of a snake and a scorpion trapped in the same cage. It'll be quite the spectacle." 
Bella furrowed her delicate brows, not showing any sign of triumph. "Don't celebrate too early. The Iverson snake is much stronger than we anticipated. Yesterday, I contacted my elder brother to buy a large number of the Iverson Group's stocks while they were plummeting, attempting to gain control. Unexpectedly, there was a master manipulator behind the scenes at the Iverson Group, injecting substantial funds to stabilize the situation. This averted my brother's acquisition." 
Justin's brows furrowed deeply. "So, is this manipulator Christopher Iverson?" 
"If he can manipulate the elections in Sentania, do you think he wouldn't have the ability to control the stock market? After laying low in Sentania for fifteen years, he's definitely back, well-prepared to take over the Iverson Group." 
Bella closed her eyes, clenching her shining white teeth. "The Iverson Group cannot fall into his hands." 
"Even if we can't stop him, it doesn't matter." Justin's eyes softened as he gently kissed Bella's forehead. "It would be the greatest humiliation for him if the Iverson Group that he schemed to acquire turned out to be an empty shell and a mess." 
Bella's eyes sparkled, nodding in agreement. 
"By the way, Mr. Salvador, Young Madam. There's one more thing." 
With no time to drink water, lan hurriedly continued his report. "I'm not sure if this counts as news, but Christopher has bought a private jet that arrived last night in Savrow. Wow... I saw the photos taken by my subordinates, and that plane is incredibly luxurious! It's even more high-end than your model, Mr. Salvador. It was truly extravagant!"
Justin's expression darkened. "If you like big planes that much, join him then. Let him give you a ride."
###chapter1337
lan inhaled sharply, his hunger from skipping breakfast momentarily satiated by the sudden threat. 
"I wouldn't dare... Even though the plane is appealing, I fear I might board it alive but not return the same way!" 
"Come on, Justin. No one knows better than us how loyal lan is to you. Are you really getting upset over a plane?" 
Bella's slender fingers traced the sharp line of Justin's jaw as her voice playfully lifted and her eyes curved like crescent moons. She looked regal and had an almost queen-like arrogance. "For your birthday this year, I'll get you one that's even better than the Iverson snake's. How about that?" 
Damn! One would almost drool with envy! 
Purchasing private jets as gifts was expected of the daughter of Hatchbay's wealthiest family. 
Justin's eyes widened slightly, and he grabbed her delicate arm firmly, his expression serious. "Bella, I'm your man, but I'm not one to live off a woman. If anyone should be giving gifts, it should be me." 
"Pfft! What are you thinking? There's no such thing as 'yours' or 'mine' between us. Money is nothing compared to our love." 
The domineering declaration from the heiress left Ryan and lan green with envy. 
They might not be the type to rely on anyone financially, but every man would desire luxury cars, big tanks, or giant airplanes. 
Justin gently shook his head, and a wave of sorrow surged in his heart. "Bella, you don't have to give me anything else because you've given me plenty. The gifts you gave me back then filled up an entire
room. Every time I come home, I go into that room and look over each item many times, touching them over and over again." 
Back when Justin lost Bella, he behaved like someone obsessed with inanimate s. 
He would often find himself hanging around in that room, unable to leave, and would sometimes even spend the night there. The ordinarily calm Justin, hidden from the view of others, resembled a lovesick lunatic, unhinged and wild. 
Bella stared deeply into his eyes, her face composed, and her hand softly caressed his cheek, though it shook slightly. 
"What more could I possibly need? You're the greatest gift I've received from God." Justin reiterated this romantic sentiment, each repetition as heartfelt as the first. 
"You silly boy..." 
Bella did not elaborate. Instead, she opted to replace a thousand words with a kiss. 
"Ahem, maybe I'm just too much of a straightforward guy to understand this kind of romance. But does anyone else think it sounds a little creepy" Ryan thought of Justin doting on the items Bella gave him and got goosebumps. 
Just then, the sound of footsteps thumping rapidly approached them. 
Yasmin sprinted down the stairs, straight toward Ryan. 
"Young Master! Our men found Maxwell!" 
"What?! They found Maxwell?!" Bella and Justin simultaneously sprang from their seats. Their expressions of excitement clearly reflected their bond.
After searching the entire city for so long, the villain finally surfaced. Ryan was so agitated that he was almost incoherent. "W-Where is that bastard now?! Did our men not catch him?!" 
Yasmin shook her head in sorrow. 
"I'm sorry, Young Master. Maxwell 
wasn't alone. When our men tried to 
surround him, they got into a fierce 
shootout with his men. All our 
men 
were seriously injured, and two of them are still in critical condition. 
They're unresponsive in the 
hospital!" 
Bella and Justin looked at each other in shock. Ryan was incredulous, erupting in fury. "This is Savrow, not some southern island in Sentanja! How is it possible that our mem got injured so badly right on our doorstep by a few bastards? Didn't they call for backup?!" 
"They did call for help immediately, but there wasn't enough time!"
###chapter1338
Yasmin was also filled with rage, her cheeks burning red as if on fire. "Initially, we had the upper hand, but we didn't expect that Maxwell would have backup! Those guys were skilled and armed to the teeth, clearly intent on wiping us out completely! It's a miracle our men made it back alive." 
Filled with fury and resentment, Ryan slammed his fist onto the table. His knuckles cracked loudly. 
Not only did his men not capture Maxwell, but all of them almost lost their lives to him. This was a hard pill to swallow for someone as competitive and proud as Ryan. It felt as if Maxwell publicly humiliated him "Um... Ryan... What's the matter? Did someone upset you?" 
Everyone paused and looked toward the staircase. 
Carrie stood at the top of the staircase, wearing a wrinkled white sundress, clutching the teddy bear Bella once gifted her. She was rubbing her sleepy eyes. Her expression was innocent and confused. 
As she spoke, one of the straps of her dress slipped down her smooth, round shoulder. Her skin was as smooth as porcelain. 
She was just a whisker away from a wardrobe malfunction. 
Moreover, the red marks on her neck and collarbone were clearly hickeys left by a man. 
The hickeys revealed their wild passion for each other from the previous night for everyone to see. 
lan quickly shut his eyes in shock, and Justin felt a bead of sweat on his forehead from awkwardness. He swiftly averted his gaze back to his own partner. 
Ah! 
Ryan's blood pressure skyrocketed as he screamed in agitation internally.
He sprinted over to his beloved woman, who seemed not to worry about anything. He then wrapped her tender body completely in his arms, holding her protectively. 
Carrie's face was nestled against his 
shoulder, revealing only her dewy eyes. Her voice was sweet and 
soothing as she tried to comfort et 
him, "Ryan... Can you please not b be mad? It scares me when angry..." 
s won & Va 
"I'm not mad, love. In fact, I'm actually pretty happy! Come on. Let's get back to our room!" 
With a hint of desperation in his reddened eyes, Ryan lifted Carrie effortlessly and quickly ascended the stairs, whispering fervently near her ear, "You're not to show yourself to anyone else, only to me!" A strained silence filled the living room. 
lan was utterly dumbfounded, quickly attempting to defend himself. "I-I didn't see anything! Mr. Salvador, you must back me up here!" 
Yasmin was terrified, her complexion drained of color. 
Caught up in rushing to inform Ryan about the situation, she had inadvertently neglected her Young Madam, leading to this awkward moment. 
"Don't worry, Yasmin." Bella 
comforted her gently. "You've been
looking after Carrie by yourself for a 
long time. It must've been 
challenging for you. You know her condition well. She often behaves like a child who hasn't grown up. Humans aren't machines. Everyone makes mistakes every now and then. If Ryan dares to take it out on you or criticizes you in any way, Justin and I will have your back." 
Justin nodded gently in agreement. 
"Thank you, Ms. Thompson, and thank you, Mr. Salvador. Honestly, I'm fine. It's Young Master who's having it the hardest." 
Yasmin pressed her dry lips together 
and said, "Young Master is 
committed to loving and caring for his wife for the rest of their 
lives. 
nothing 
committed to." Conten eine 
What tye contributed is compared to what he has 
to
###chapter1339
Bella lowered her gaze, remaining silent. 
Sensing her sadness, Justin took her hand and gently caressed it. "Bella, I understand you're concerned about Carrie. But look, Carrie now has Ryan, who loves, adores, and pampers her. With his strong background and capabilities, he's well equipped to look after her." 
"Yeah, I know. I'm actually very grateful for Ryan." 
Bella's gratitude was not just because Ryan was willing to accept Carrie. Rather, she appreciated that he could see beyond the surface and recognize the pure beauty of this girl like an uncut gem. Ryan was willing to be patient and stay by Carrie's side. 
After a while, Ryan returned, his dark circles seemingly deeper. 
"Ryan, you've worked hard." Justin sighed deeply. 
"She's my wife. I'm willing to do everything. There's nothing hard about it." 
Ryan did not blame Yasmin. Instead, he continued the conversation, "Where were we? Right! I was just thinking. Maxwell is a fugitive. He's powerless and has no influence here. How could he manage to hire so many people to work for him? Could it be Christopher's doing? Are his men secretly protecting Maxwell?" 
Bella and Justin thought of this possibility, too. 
After all, Maxwell was Winston's superior and had participated in the South Island attack. For them, he was a key witness who could deliver a devastating blow to Christopher. So naturally, Christopher would not let such significant leverage fall into their hands. Would that not be like placing his own head on the muzzle of a gun?
"Maxwell has appeared, which means he's still alive and in Savrow. As long as he's in Savrow, he won't be able to escape. It's only a matter of time before we get him." 
Justin's eyes were dark, like the depths of an abyss, and his restrained hatred made his voice hoarse. "Nothing is more important than human lives. I can't bear to see another innocent person sacrificed because of scum like Christopher and Maxwell. It's just not worth it." 
Ryan felt an indescribable discomfort in his heart. 
His best friend, who appeared cold and indifferent on the surface, actually had a heart warmer than anyone else. 
"Um... I have a question." Ian suddenly raised his hand to speak. 
"What?" The three of them asked in unison. 
"I've always been puzzled about why Christopher would go to such lengths to protect Maxwell. He's not in Sentania now. He's on his own turf. Iftwere him, wouldn't it be more convenient just to eliminate the threat?" 
"Maxwell isn't alone. He came from a military background, and his men were all mercenaries, capable of taking on ten opponents each. Besides, the Hoffman Group and the Salvador Corporation's people have constantly searched for them, with tight controls at customs, railways, really picks 
and ports. If Christopher ways, 
a fight with Maxwell's men, such a big commotion would definitely attract our attention. That would expose him instead." 
Yasmin insightfully noted, "Plus, Maxwell's group consists of thugs. In a head-on fight, Christopher might not gain any advantage." 
lan was still unconvinced. "That Christopher jerk is cunning and full of tricks. Can't he think of some way to quietly eliminate Maxwell? As long as that man is alive, he's like a ticking time bomb to him." 
His casual remark struck Bella like a revelation. Her mind raced, connecting all the dots in an instant. 
"Shit! Christopher is about to make a move on Maxwell!"
###chapter1340
"Bella, what have you figured out?" Justin asked urgently. 
Ryan and Yasmin also focused intently on her as her face turned pale. 
"Mr. Harris made a good point. Considering Christopher's sinister nature, he could easily eliminate Maxwell without leaving any trace. Besides, he has already been plotting his scheme. It's just that the crucial tool for the crime has only just arrived." 
While Ryan and the others still looked confused, only Justin quickly grasped her meaning. 
"Are you talking about the private jet as the tool for the crime?" 
Bella affirmed with a firm nod, her expression grave and urgent. "It would've been hard for Christopher to do something on the ground, but it'll be much easier to do it in the air! Moreover, once the plane leaves the country, even if we have connections everywhere, we won't be able to intercept him. He'll be able to do whatever he wants!" 
It was a cunning yet brilliant move. 
"Bella! You're so smart! You're like a goddess!" Ryan exclaimed, his mouth agape in awe, clapping, nearly ready to prostrate in admiration. 
"Enough with the flattery. We need to think of a strategy quickly." Bella felt overwhelmed, as if a heavy stone weighed on her chest. 
"lan, from now on, increase our personnel and keep a close watch on every move of Christopher's plane. We must intercept him immediately." Justin radiated a grim and stern vibe. "Yes, Mr. Salvador." 
Once upon a time, Justin was an unstoppable titan in the business world.
However, in Bella's presence, whether as her strategist or as a general leading a charge for her, he was always ready to serve her. 
"What do we do if we can't stop the plane before it takes off? Are we supposed to shoot it down with a cannon?" Ryan asked seriously, posing a question that sounded quite absurd. 
"Maxwell is a fugitive wanted by two countries. I'll inform Declan and Ralph about it to coordinate the military and police forces." 
Bella's red lips curled into a slight smile. Her eyes were confident and calm. "Even if he takes off into the sky, I have ways to bring him down!" 
The expression on the three men's faces spelled out their awe. 
Following the incarcerations of Astrid and the arrest of Charles, James found himself in the dire straits Justin had foreseen, treading on thin ice. 
Moreover, Christopher leveraged the considerable fortune he had built over the years in Sentania to stabilize the Iverson Group's stocks. This act significantly boosted his standing with Lance, leading to the emergence of a "Christopher Party" within the company. 
A growing number of executives and shareholders began to show a tendency to switch their allegiances to Christopher. 
Each day was more challenging than the last for James, but he had not given up. Despite the challenges, he refused to let that bastard get the best of him. 
Therefore, James concocted a plan to reduce Charles' sentence as much as possible. 
James knew their father favored
Charles. Not only because he had spent the most time by his side, but also because the boy had always been good at playing the cute and charming son, excelling at flattering and amusing their father. Thus, the news of Charles' arrest was a tremendous blow to Lance, causing him deep distress. 
So, James approached his father, reassuring him gently, "Don't worry, Dad. Rape isn't a major crime. We can use some of our connections to get Charles a reduced sentence. He'll get out of there in three to four years." 
"Three to four years? Do you think I'm clueless about the law?!" 
Although Lance was embarrassed and disgraced by Charles' public exposure, the culprit was still his most beloved son, leading to many sleepless nights and visibly graying hair. "Among the women he 
assaulted, there were even minors! Het be in jail for at least ten years for raping minors! He could have any woman he wanted. Why the hell did he target young girls? What a foolish mistake!" 
James fell silent momentarily, then said solemnly, "You're right, Dad. We are one of the top four families in Savrow. Are those women who got close to Charles really all innocent?" Lance frowned. "James, what are you implying?" 
"Some of those girls are Charles' 
ex-girlfriends, some are women paid
nex 
to accompany him, and others offered themselves willingly, hoping to climb the social ladder and become a wealthy lady. The police only have partial evidence, but if credible witnesses come forward or 
if those so-called witnesses are 
unreliable, then there won't be enough evidence to convict him at 
trial. Charles wouldn't have to serve 
a long sentence then." 
James' insinuations were clear, and the seasoned Lance understood everything. 
Lance was satisfied with his eldest son's arrangement, reaffirming his trust in his son with an appreciative look. 
"It's all on you now, James. Proceed with the plan!"
###chapter1341
That evening, Bella and Justin were set to return to their own place. 
As they were about to leave, Carrie threw herself into her sister-in-law's arms, sobbing uncontrollably, crumpling Bella's black dress, and soaking the front of it with her tears. 
One might have thought they would never see each other again. 
Bella took her time to console Carrie, promising frequent visits and earnestly advising Ryan to not always bury himself in minor troubles at the Hoffman Group. She told him to find time to take Carrie out more, so she would not feel like a caged canary, deprived of the joy of freedom. 
Ryan swore vehemently and embraced his tearful, petite girlfriend, standing at the door to see them off. 
As their car pulled away, Bella could not hold back any longer. Her shoulders shook as tears, clear and sparkling like fallen stars, trailed down her cheeks. 
"Don't cry, Bella." 
Justin's breath quickened out of concern as he enveloped her quivering shoulders with his strong arm, drawing her close to soothe her and gently rubbing his chin against her head. 
"It's not like you're never going to see her again. If you miss Carrie, we can invite her to stay with us for a while. Or I could buy a larger villa. If you'd like, she could live with us permanently. Yasmin will become the CEO's secretary, so she'll be very busy. Having Wilma take care of Carrie is most suitable." 
"Hmph... Can you even call yourself Ryan's best friend for coming up with such a terrible idea for him?" 
Bella sniffed her red nose, gently poking Justin's chest. "The newlyweds haven't had many comfortable days with each other yet, and you want to separate them just to make me happy? Justin, you're so
heartless... Even if Carrie doesn't say anything about it, do you think Ryan won't be cursing you from under his blankets every day?" 
Caught off guard, Justin froze momentarily, then pressed his lips gently against her supple lips. 
After an exchange of tender kisses, he smiled wryly. "I didn't consider all that. Seeing how Carrie also didn't want you to leave, I thought I was helping you girls." 
"You're the one who told me not to disturb the couple." 
The kiss left Bella's breath ragged. Her eyes glistened with tears, and a fluttering sensation filled her chest. "So try not to create any more chaos." 
Justin stared deeply into her eyes, which captivated his heart. Her lips curled into a subtle, playful smile. "Bella, are you asking me to stop stirring things up, or do you want our reclaimed private world to stay undisturbed? Hmm?" 
Blushing, Bella's face warmed up as she shyly bit her lip. "I didn't mean that." 
Just as Justin's eyes sparkled with warmth and adoration, ready to engage in another tender kiss, a phone rang. 
It was Bella's phone. 
"Uh... Let me take this call." 
With some effort, Bella pulled herself out of Justin's warm embrace. She got anxious when she saw that the call was from her sister, Amelia. 
Her sister usually avoided bothering her unless it was absolutely necessary. Something serious must have happened!
"What's going on, Amelia?" Bella quickly answered the phone. 
"Bella... Please help Steve!" 
Upon hearing her sister's voice, Amelia broke down, her tears streaming, "The police detained him!" 
A sudden chill went through Bella, "What happened that Steve got detained?!" 
Justin's eyes narrowed, his grip tightening on her sweaty hand. 
Amelia replied, "It's been a few days now..."
###chapter1342
Days of worry had pushed Amelia to the brink of a breakdown, her voice breaking as she sobbed uncontrollably. "Mom and I have tried everything... The Lovetts have looked for help too, but we haven't been able to free Steve..." 
"What?! Why are you only telling me this now?!" Overwhelmed by anger, Bella's voice grew raspy. 
"Bella, don't get worked up. Don't scare your sister." Justin gently squeezed her hand, his voice calming as he soothed her fluctuating emotions. "Ask your sister to slow down and explain everything." Bella sighed with guilt. "I'm sorry, Amelia... I was too harsh just now. Don't cry. Just tell me everything. I want to know which bastard dares to mess with Steve! I'll make sure they regret it." Despite the serious nature of the conversation, Justin could not help but suppress a laugh at her fiery words. 
"It was the Iversons..." Amelia sniffed intermittently. "I think... The Iversons were upset because Charles got beaten for bullying me, so they targeted Steve... He got arrested for assault, and not only that... That jerk Charles had a medical evaluation done, attributing all his injuries, both major and minor, to Steve... Now the police are charging him for inflicting grievous bodily harm..." 
This list of injuries included Charles' impotence as well. 
With the Iversons' resources, tampering with a medical report or even fabricating one was no challenge at all. 
"That damned bastard deserves to die, and it would still not be enough! The fact that I haven't killed him is already merciful. Yet, the Iversons dare to turn this around on us?!" Bella was uncontrollably furious, her eyes red with rage as she seethed with a desire for vengeance. 
Amelia responded, "The Iversons aren't going to settle this privately..." 
"Pfft, settle it privately? That's impossible. They'd rather see Steve dead!"
Bella rubbed her throbbing temples, feeling a sharp pain in her chest from anger. "The ones capable of such actions must be James and possibly Hunter." 
"Hunter? But Hunter is Steve's older brother. Why would he?!" Amelia was shocked, finding it hard to believe. 
"It's very likely." 
Justin gently patted the distressed woman's back, his eyes cold and deep like a dark pool. "Hunter is considered a top lawyer in Savrow,x yet he has done nothing after his brother got into trouble for so long. Don't you find that strange? Given what you've shared about the strained relationship between Hunter and Steve, he's using the incident with Charles to sabotage his brother. You know what his motives likely are." 
"But Steve is his brother... How can he do this to him?!" Amelia exclaimed in outrage. 
"Hunter is only after fame and wealth. He lacks any real sense of familial love or humanity!" 
Bella punched the car window 
suddenly, shocking both lan, who 
was driving, and Justin. They immediately worried about her hand. "I was one who sorted out 
was the 
Charles. Yet, these cowards went after Steve. Aren't they just picking on the vulnerable?" Content belongs 
"Bella, you have me, too." Justin quickly took her swollen fist into his hands, slowly rubbing it.
"Besides, knowing Steve, he wouldn't want to burden me. He'd likely take it all on himself." 
Bella was overwhelmed with 
remorse, her voice breaking. "I've been so reckless, focusing only on revenge and reveling in it. I forgot that my actions could endanger those around me at any time. How could I be so careless?!" 
Previously, she had always been strategic, thinking many steps ahead in everything she did. 
But since falling in love, she has been basking in the bliss of romance, surrounded by happiness, unaware of potential dangers lurking around her. 
"Bella, don't be so hard on yourself... What happened to Steve wasn't because of you." Amelia quickly reassured her. 
Justin took Bella's trembling hand and brought the phone to his ear. "Don't worry, Amelia. Leave this matter to me. By tomorrow, I'll send Steve back to you, completely unharmed."
###chapter1343
Bella's eyes widened as she stared intently at her man's stern and striking profile. 
The other end of the phone fell silent, broken only by faint sobs. 
"What's going on? One of you gave me the look, and the other went silent." Justin smiled gently, lightly squeezing Bella's cheek. "Aren't either of you sisters going to trust me?" "N-No, it's not that..." 
Amelia was the first to respond softly, her voice filled with gratitude. "Justin, thank you for helping Steve... Really, thank you." 
"We're family. There's no need to thank me for this." 
After comforting Amelia, Justin ended the call. Then he immediately ordered lan, "Turn around. Let's go to the police station." 
lan quickly complied, making a sharp turn. 
"Justin, what are you planning to do?" Bella looked at Justin worriedly, observing his calm demeanor. 
"No matter what, we need to get Steven out first." 
Justin sighed, interlocking his fingers with hers and tightening the grip. "Amelia and Steven have already faced many challenges in their relationship. I don't want them to endure any more difficulties or get hurt in any way." 
Bella's breath caught slightly. "Y-You... Understand how that feels?" 
He shook his head with relief, pulling her into an embrace. "I used to, but not anymore. Because right now, I have my greatest source of happiness in the world in my arms."
Steven spent two weeks in a filthy detention center. With the Iversons refusing to settle the case privately, he might get detained longer. 
Despite this, he would never betray Bella and Justin. 
Even if struggling led to a prison sentence, Steven was ready to endure everything and reveal nothing. 
At this moment, Steven was standing against a wall, arms crossed, conserving his energy with closed eyes. 
Across from him, a few men huddled in the corner, watching him cautiously and whispering among themselves. 
"You guys are disturbing me." Without opening his eyes, Steven coolly said, "If you don't want to get beaten up, shut up." 
The detained men immediately covered their mouths, trembling, and went silent as mice. 
Steven sighed, his expression clouded with sorrow. 
Since his first night in the detention center, he has not had a moment of peace. 
The Iversons had sent these thugs to "take care" of him, but they underestimated Steven's Taekwondo skills. He handled each of the thugs with ease. 
He shook his head, disappointed by the Iversons' low regard for him by sending unskilled fighters as if he were an easy target. 
Steven thought of it like a test. If he were to end up in prison, he probably would not find it too difficult to manage. 
However, Steven did not know that Bella and Justin were already on their way to the police station.
Knowing Ralph was also a police officer, the Iversons cunningly placed Steven in the Western Savrow precinct, where Superintendent Donald had deep ties with the Iversons. Upon learning that Bella and Justin were visiting, Superintendent Donald felt like he was facing a formidable enemy and immediately contacted James. 
"M-Mr. Iverson, Justin Salvador and Bella Thompson are here in the station's reception room. W-What should we do with them?" 
"Just do what you need to do." Seething with anger, James retorted. "The Iversons are your backup. Are you actually afraid of them? Superintendent Donald, your chance for a promotion depends on this. No matter the pressure, you must hold your ground and not let them get Steven out of there! Make sure Steven can't get away with assaulting my brother and causing my brother's disability." "Alright... I'll do my best!" 
Superintendent Donald wiped his sweat off his forehead. "But Mr. Iverson, I'm confused. Steven is nothing but a secretary to Bella. Why go after him? Going against the Thompsons doesn't seem to do you any good." 
"Don't worry about that. Just do as I say!" 
James ended the call, his gaze turning sinister. "It won't do me any good? That's impossible. I never engage in losing deals!" 
He had already secretly bribed the witnesses whose statements the police had. These women all "confirmed" that their relationships with Charles were consensual and voluntary. 
Moreover, if it was also proven that Bella's "dog" disabled and rendered Charles impotent, Charles would appear as a victim. This would likely drag Bella into negative publicity and bring about accusations of personal vengeance.
The internet was hostile, with internet trolls that harbored jealousy and disdain for the wealthy. They did not care about the truth and believed everything they saw online. 
James opened a bottle of champagne, pouring himself a drink with a crazed laugh. "Bella, you think you're capable of challenging me? While you were a kid playing in the mud in Hatchbay, I was already working in the business world!" 
Meanwhile, inside the police station, Superintendent Donald faced the formidable duo of Justin and Bella sitting across from him. He wore a forced smile, but cold sweat soaked his clothes inside and out. Even with the backing of the Iversons, the overwhelming presence of Justin and Bella, whom he regarded as the dynamic duo for their sharpness, was simply too much for him to handle. "What brought the two of you here?" Superintendent Donald forced a smile. 
"Well, the Iversons made us come here." Bella retorted with a cold and stunning smile, her words as sharp as a dagger aimed directly at him.
###chapter1344
The air in the office was tense, as if a knife were suspended right above the superintendent's head.
Superintendent Donald attempted to break the tension with a forced chuckle. "Why don't you two have stea first?" "There's no need for that. I can't afford to drink your tea here." Bella crossed her graceful legs, her gaze icy. "You've imprisoned my secretary, and I would appreciate it if you could release him immediately. This issue is a private affair between the Thompsons and the Iversons. If you wish to maintain your smooth ascent and success in your career, I suggest you avoid meddling around to spare yourself strouble." Bella was always direct and to the point-never one to beat around the bush.
Superintendent Donald's smile began to falter. Yet he maintained his composure and responded, "Ms. Thompson, I sympathize with your situation. However, I've served in the police force for over thirty years and have interacted with various individuals. No one brought here has ever been entirely innocent. Even though Steven Lovett is a Thompson affiliate, his actions have seriously injured Charles Iverson, amounting to a grave intentional assault offense. I have already reported the forensic results to my superiors." Bella frowned, her hand gripping the sofa's armrest in frustration.
"Both of you are well-known personalities in Savrow, but everyone is equal before the law. Not even tycoons can use their power to oppress the weak and disregard the law. Therefore, I regret to say that I cannot comply with your request." "Superintendent Donald, you're so eloquent. Everyone is equal before the law." Justin's warm hand tightly grasped his partner's hand, his commanding eyes exuding a chill. "That means you shouldn't wrongly judge an innocent person, right?" Bella's eyes widened as realization struck her, causing her heart to skip a beat.
"What do you mean by that, Mr. Salvador?" Superintendent Donald asked in confusion.
"The person who assaulted Charles wasn't Steven. It was me." Justin's lips curled into a cold, disdainful arc, his dark eyes glinting with a sharp, chilling edge, as if he were about to slay the man. "You can release Steven now and arrestinstead." What?! Bella gasped, clutching his hand tightly. "Justin! You..." Superintendent Donald was shocked, his mouth agape, unable to respond.
"What's the matter, Superintendent Donald? I've just confessed. Aren't you going to arrest me?" Justin remained composed, his hand gently caressing Bella's waist, providing her with a profound sense of security. "Does your notion of equality only apply to ordinary citizens and not tycoons?" "N-No... Mr. Salvador, you see..." Superintendent Donald stammered, completely disoriented.
The president of one of Savrow's leading financial conglomerates had just cforward to admit assaulting the Iverson family's second young master. What was he supposed to do with that? It could ruin his life! James' voice was still fresh in his memory. Yet, he was too intimidated to go against such a powerful figure.
"If we were to speak of involvement, I played a part as well." With a playful and defiant smile, Bella raised her elegant eyebrows. "When you took Charles' statement, why didn't you ask him who crushed his fingers or knocked out his front teeth?" "Oh yes, and his impotence. I played a role in that, too. It was such a major issue. Did that cripple not even mention a word of it to you?" "M-Ms. Thompson! The charges for intentional assault are not light. I understand you want to protect your secretary, but you mustn't treat this as a joke!" Superintendent Donald spoke while wiping his forehead with his sleeve in a frenzy. S "Bella, enough with the jokes," Justin said softly, gently pinching her at her waist.
"I'm not joking. I'm serious about it." Bella locked eyes with him and smiled sweetly. "I'll follow you wherever you go. We go in lockstep." Those words plunged Justin's entire being into a deep, earth-shaking tumult. His excitement was so intense that his heart raced and his breath rushed.
Bella admitted to being his wife.
She had always been his most beloved wife.
"Pfft, you two really are willing to stoop to any despicable level to protect your own." A sinister voice shattered the silence as the door burst open. The man who stepped in was none other than James, whose face was clouded with darkness.
###chapter1345
When Superintendent Donald saw that his savior had arrived, he felt as if his burdens were lifted. He was on the verge of tears. 
Following behind James was none other than Hunter. 
After ending the call, James could not help but feel uneasy, so he decided to check things out himself. He immediately contacted Hunter, explained the situation, and sought his help to deal with the trouble caused by Charles. 
Due to James' previous harsh remarks about him, Hunter was still seething with anger and initially did not want to get involved. 
However, upon hearing that Bella and Justin had stepped in to mediate, he could not miss the chance to see them falter, so he hurried over excitedly. 
Bella clenched her teeth tightly, fury blazing in her eyes. 
This despicable, shameless bastard reminded her instantly of Judge Claude Frollo from "The Hunchback of Notre-Dame". 
"Mr. Iverson, I'm surprised you brought him as your attorney." 
With a casual sneer, Justin asked, "Surely you're not ignorant of the relationship between Hunter and Steven Lovett?" 
"I'm well aware of it. But why does it matter?" 
With a mischievous smirk, James' eyes flashed with deceit. "Well, Hunter Lovett is a well-known top lawyer. What's wrong with hiring the best attorney to defend my brother?"
"Hunter is Steven Lovett's brother. Instead of helping his sibling, he betrays his family to side with the enemy, seeking to imprison his younger brother. What do you call a person like that? Is he recognizing the enemy or whoever provides him with the most advantage for him as his family? Justin's eyes were cold and mocking, yet strikingly handsome. 
Hunter glared bitterly at Justin, his face adopting a mocking servility. "Oh, Mr. Salvador, it's truly flattering for a mere attorney like me to be the target of your personal attacks. I only represent those who offer the right conditions. Is it really necessary for you to get so worked up and morally judge me? You're making my job as an attorney very difficult. Now, according to your logic, shouldn't my colleagues who defend murderers get executed, too?" 
Then, with a feigned look of astonishment, he blinked and added, "Mr. Salvador, you seem so worried. Is it because you haven't found a competent attorney for Steven? What a predicament this has become. If I had known, I would've declined Mr. Iverson's offer!" 
Bella was so angry that her veins were pulsing on her forehead. 
If they were not in the police station, she would have already knocked Hunter's teeth out and left him in need of hospitalization, just like Charles. 
"I don't need to find an attorney for Steven. Why would an innocent man need one?" 
Hunter had hoped his provocations would anger Justin. However, Justin responded with a calm smile, remaining composed. "And even if I were looking for one, it wouldn't be you. Even wild animals protect their young. But you lack even basic morals-worse than an animal. You'd suit better with Mr. Iverson. After all, like attracts like." 
"Pfft... Well said!" Bella clapped loudly for her man, laughing with her shoulders shaking.
On the other hand, Superintendent Donald could not find it in himself to laugh. He was shivering in the corner like a quail. 
The room was so tense that a single spark could blow the roof off. 
"Justin! Stop spewing nonsense already!" 
James was furious, his eyes narrowing slightly. "Let me be clear. The Iversons will never settle with you guys for putting Charles through so much suffering. Aren't you planning to absolve Steven, shoulder the blame yourself, and then use your status as a tycoon to diminish the seriousness of the matter? Well, not on my watch!" 
Hunter gently patted his shoulder, giving him a look that urged him to remain calm and avoid saying unnecessary things that may reveal loopholes. 
He then moved a step closer to Superintendent Donald and remarked with a casual smile, "Superintendent Donald, it seems the efficiency of your police officers is somewhat lacking. We've been talking to Mr. Salvador and Ms. Thompson for a while now. Why haven't they completed such simple procedures yet?" 
Superintendent Donald was confused. "Huh?" 
James, too, was puzzled by the situation. 
Just then, there was a knock on the door. 
A police officer entered, handing a document to Superintendent Donald. 
What he said next caused Justin and Bella's expressions to shift dramatically. 
"Sir, this is Steven Lovett's confession and plea agreement. He has signed and left his fingerprint on it."
###chapter1346
"Steve?! How on earth did that happen?!" Bella was in shock. If Justin hadn't been there to catch her in time, she would have lost her balance and fallen. 
"Seriously?! Steven pleaded guilty to everything?!" Superintendent Donald's eyes widened as he quickly flipped through the confession letter to confirm. 
"Yes, sir. It's all written here in black and white. Steven admitted to assaulting Mr. Charles and causing him injuries. He admitted to the charges and is willing to accept any punishment." This unexpected change of events came as a really nice surprise for the Iverson family. 
There had been multiple groups of people questioning Steven and putting pressure on him around the clock for several days. Most people would have given in by now, but Steven was incredibly resilient. He'd rather stay locked up in the dark cell than admit to something he did not do. 
Why did he admit it all of a sudden? What happened to make him change his mind? 
"Bella, are you okay?" Justin noticed the color drain from Bella's face in a split second. He put his arm around her stiff waist, feeling really worried. 
"Steve didn't do it. Why did he plead guilty?!" Her eyes were red with emotion as she shook her head in disbelief and sorrow. "Is he out of his mind? Can anyone just confess like that?! Is he so eager to go to jail?!" 
"Yeah, how can anyone simply plead guilty?" Hunter narrowed his eyes and teased. "Steven, as a top student at Savrow University, understands this the best. Ms. Thompson, why are you interested in getting into this? What's your interest in all this fuss?" 
Bella felt like her heart was stabbed, sending shockwaves of pain through her. 
In that moment, a flash of realization shot through her mind, and everything became clear.
One hour ago, Superintendent Donald arranged for Hunter to secretly visit Steven in advance. The two brothers sat across from each other in the interrogation room, with tension between them. There was no sign of a family bond, only tension and hostility. 
Hunter sighed and said, "Steven, just take a good look at yourself. Look at what you've done to yourself." Hunter looked at him and shook his head. "If Mom and Dad knew that you might end up spending three to five years in prison all for the sake of the daughter of Wyatt's lowly mistress, they would probably faint from crying, wouldn't they? How unfilial of you." 
Steven retorted, "Didn't your master put a leash on you? I didn't expect a dog like you to come running before me." 
Steven simply closed his eyes, not even wanting to look at him. 
Hunter smirked, but he did not get mad. "We're brothers. Why bother creating all this drama?" 
Steven scoffed, "Don't mention the word 'brother' to me. I feel disgusted." 
Hunter chuckled. "Haha... Let's discuss something that isn't disgusting and something you might be interested in." 
He reached for his phone and showed Steven a video clip. "Have a look at this. What do you notice?" 
Steven furrowed his brows and looked up at the screen. Suddenly, he stood up in shock and slammed the table. "Hunter! What are you trying to do?!" 
The video showed Bella and Justin barging into the banquet. There was no need to explain what happened next. 
It then transitioned to the scene of
Asher beating Charles. At that moment, Charles had already been beaten up badly and was being 
dragged away like a sack of tranet 
Asher The camera caught everything clearly. However, there was not even a shadow of Steven throughout the entire footage. 
by 
He was clearly there at the time, but for some reason he did not appear in the video. 
"Ms. Thompson and Mr. Salvador 
were indeed Cautious in their 
actions. After beating up Mr. 
Charles, they got rid of all the hotel security footage involving them. However, they overlooked one thing. If the video was deleted less than week ago, it can still be recovered using some tech tricks." 
a 
Hunter's face twisted into a devious grin. "Ah, for the sake of restoring the video, I even flew to Meridan to find top hackers to restore the video. It cost me a fortune, but luckily, it turned out well in the end." "Hunter... You're committing perjury! Aren't you afraid of having your lawyer's license revoked or being investigated by the Ministry of Justice?!" Steven's expression turned tense and pale. A faint blue vein pulsed on his forehead from a mix of shock and anger.
"Perjury? When did I commit perjury?" Hunter shrugged, flashing a sinister smile. "You were there, little brother. You know better than anyone who was truly behind Charles's beating." 
"In the video, it was obvious that Bella and Justin were the ones who beat Charles. After that, Asher, the oldest son of the Thompson family, took care of everything. Did you even lay your hands on anyone? I can't see anything." 
Steven felt like his heart had been stabbed, and he shouted furiously, "If you have the guts, come at me! Don't you dare scheme against Ms. Bella!" 
"Oh, there's something else I want to 
tell you," Hunter said as he laced his fingers together and leaned forward. His cold gaze grew intense. "Ms. Bella is on her way to rescue you. If I'm not mistaken, she's so notr 
determined that she might 
turn 
herself in and take all the blame herself just to get you out." 
"Ms. Bella... No..." Steven shook his head repeatedly, feeling the excruciating pain spreading through his body. 
"Anyway, either you or someone from the Thompson family will have to take responsibility. After all, videos can't be faked, and the injuries on Charles' body aren't fake. Steven, you were close to Ms. Bella. You wouldn't want her to get dragged into this because of you, right?"
###chapter1347
To avoid getting Bella in trouble, Steven didn't hesitate to confess to the police and sign a confession letter after Hunter approached him. 
Hunter dealt with it discreetly, without even informing James about it. It was truly a swift and decisive move, catching Bella and Justin completely off guard. Justin embraced the trembling young woman firmly, glaring at Hunter's smug face. "Hunter, what despicable method did you use to make Steven confess?!" "Despicable? Me? Mr. Salvador, you're personally attacking me here. I can't take such slander. You owe me compensation for psychological damages." Hunter rubbed his chest, the smug look on his face betraying his facade. "It's the police's job to interrogate the suspects. I'm just a humble lawyer. I don't have that kind of authority. Steven made those statements, and those fingerprints belong to him. I didn't force him to do anything. It was all voluntary." 
"Hunter, even if evil triumphs over good, eventually the consequences of your own actions will come back to haunt you. Don't think you've truly won until the very last moment." 
Bella's beautiful eyes turned red. She gripped Justin's hand tightly, as if holding on to it was the only way she could maintain her crumbling sanity. "As long as I am alive, you will never win." 
"Then I'll just have to wait and see how you plan to win, Ms. Thompson. Don't make me wait too long." Hunter spoke with a sly smile. He was the epitome of a wolf in sheep's clothing. No matter their tactics and plans, there was always a flaw. 
The flaw was that Hunter was actually Steven's brother. They had grown up together. Despite their very different personalities, one thing was clear: Hunter, being the older brother, really knew his younger sibling inside out. 
When Hunter went to negotiate with Steven, Bella and Justin had not even made it to the police station yet. But despite this, Hunter still managed to trick Steven by exploiting his vulnerabilities and making use of his weak spots.
Steven had two major weak spots: Bella and Amelia! Hunter wouldn't think twice about using them to hurt Steven. He could make Steven suffer without hesitation. 
James' expression turned serious. It 
seemed that Hunter had made a 
move without him, and it was clearly effective. Even though Steven had 
e 
confessed, he did not feel any appreciation for this selfish and cruel guy. 
Justin was right. Hunter was a heartless beast, willing to betray bis own brother for personal interest. So Hunter would do the same in the future for profit. James had to stay alert around Hunter. 
S 
"Superintendent Donald, since the suspect has pleaded guilty, we can formally prosecute Mr. Steven Lovett and proceed with the sentencing." 
Hunter was eager to close the case, making sure Steven had no chance of turning the tables. He wanted Bella to regret it. 
Superintendent Donald certainly had this in mind as well. Otherwise, why would he make an effort to try to please the Iverson family? 
He immediately said, "Now that we have concrete evidence, let's proceed according to the law." 
"Wait!" 
A clear and resonant voice, like timely rain, broke the heavy tension in the room.
Everyone was startled. Right after that, two sets of steady footsteps calmly entered the office. 
Upon seeing the visitor, Bella exclaimed excitedly, "Ash!" 
"Bella, why didn't you tell me you 
were coming to a place like this et 
Asher frowned angrily. "Now that you have a man, you don't need your big brother anymore, do you?" 
"Yeah, both of you are so stubborn with your ways that it made us worried." Arnold's tone was serious, but he cheekily winked at Bella while he stood behind his beloved man.
###chapter1348
Bella was speechless. Even in a moment like this, Arnold still had the mood to wink at her. 
All of a sudden, it hit her. Why was Justin so silent? Did he know that Asher would show up? Bella gazed at Justin, her beautiful eyes slightly widening. "Justin, did you ask Ash to...?" 
Justin's deep gaze flickered, and he leaned in towards her, whispering, "I'm really sorry, Bella. I didn't intend to hide this from you. I simply told lan to inform Asher before we arrived here. I didn't expect him to come along. It just shows that he's worried about Steven, but even more worried about you. But... What's the deal with Dr. Larson accompanying him? Do they have some kind of connection? Why are they always showing up together?" 
Bella looked puzzled, pursing her lips and raising her fingers. Amidst Justin's confusion, Bella admitted, "I called Dr. Larson here." 
Justin couldn't believe it. It seemed that she had also been hiding it from him. Together, they had come up with a hundred plans. Luckily, they were both aiming for the same goal. 
"Just because of a secretary, is it really necessary for the Thompson family to make such a big deal?" James mocked Asher with contempt. "But it doesn't matter now. Steven has already admitted to everything. Didn't Chairman Thompson mention in an interview before that when you make a mistake, you must own it, and when things go south, stand tall? Well, those words are coming back to haunt you!" 
As the heads of the four main families, James and Asher always found themselves at odds in the business world. 
Without fail, James ended up on the losing end whenever KS Group set its sights on a project. Despite his preparations, he could not compete with Asher.
It was frustrating that their family connection held him back before, forcing James to feign harmony with Asher. Now that the pretense was gone, James could finally vent his anger. 
But Asher stayed calm, his deep 
? 
eyes cold and resolute. "Steven is not an ordinary secretary. Didn't anyone tell you? My father has already acknowledged Steven as his godson. As a member of the Lovett family, Steven is worth millions of times more than the bastard beside you, James." 
Hunter's face reddened with fury, then drained of color. 'Wyatt actually acknowledged that brat as his godson?! What a suck-up!' 
Hunter's emotions stirred up a mix of rage and envy, causing his expression to twist in an unrecognizable manner. 
"Superintendent Donald, don't the 
police need evidence in order to take action? If said I'd destroy the Earth tomorrow, would you arrest me right now and sentence me?" Arnold stepped forward, his tone dripping with sarcasm. 
Superintendent Donald quickly replied, "Of course not, sir. We always handle cases based on evidence. Please don't make baseless accusations." 
"Then open your eyes wide and take a good look at this." Arnold slammed the document he was holding onto the coffee table. 
Superintendent Donald grabbed it, his expression filled with surprise. He opened the folder to look at the documents inside. Instantly, his eyes widened. "Wait... Is this...?!"
"This is Charles Iverson's old 
medical report. It took a lot of effort 
for me to get this. I even pulled 
some strings just to get it out of the hospital's archives," Arnold said. 
Upon hearing this, both James's and Hunter's faces turned pale. Justin gazed at the woman intensely, his eyes full of admiration.
###chapter1349
In an instant, Justin understood Bella's intention for calling Arnold. This move had been planned long ago. 
"This is impossible... How is this possible?!" James snatched the medical report from Superintendent Donald, reading it over and over again. His eyes almost popped out of his head. Hunter's face went pale and tense as his heart raced. 
"Mr. Iverson," Arnold said as he glared at James with disgust. "It's fine if you're ungrateful. But trying to blame Charles's old injuries on Bella's secretary and then tampering with the injury assessment to hide the truth is just a low move." 
James and Hunter had talked before about blaming Steven for Charles' injury to qualify for a serious injury charge, possibly getting a less severe punishment. That was why James sent someone to hide the real medical report and instigated Superintendent Donald, which resulted in the current situation. 
But they never anticipated that their carefully planned scheme would be effortlessly exposed by the cunning foxes before them! 
Bella gave Arnold a thankful look, and he responded with a glance that said, "No need to thank me." 
The Iversons thought they could control everything in Savrow, but they didn't account for one thing. When it came to hospitals, the Larson family had the upper hand! 
"Charles has lost his ability to have children. Bella should bear full responsibility!" James exclaimed in frustration, blurting out, "If it weren't for her performing that damn surgery on Charles... How could Charles end up like this?!" 
The office went quiet all of a sudden. 
Hunter's heart sank. It was too late to stop him.
James had a guilty conscience. If some pressure was put on him, he wouldn't be able to hold himself 
back. Did this imply that Charles et 
impotence wasn't caused by Steven 
but father an old injury the 
past? 
What a fool! How on earth did this person even become the president of the company?! 
"Sigh, Mr. Iverson, are you blind or illiterate?" Arnold crossed his arms and looked annoyed. "Isn't it clearly written right there? Charles's impotence was caused by the excessive use of anesthetics and hormonal drugs before and after the surgery. What does that have to do with Bella?" 
dafine 
Asher stared at him intently, a slight smile playing on his lips and a hint of warmth shining in his eyes. 
"Who the heck are you?! You have no right to speak!" James glared at Arnold with his fiery eyes, his fists clenched tightly as he moved aggressively towards Arnold. Arnold's eyes flashed with a chill. 
However, at this moment, Asher instinctively positioned his tall body in front of Arnold, serving as a human shield. 
Before James could react, Asher had already shoved him back.
"Oh my! Mr. Iverson, be careful!" 
James took several steps back in embarrassment. Without Superintendent Donald and Hunter's quick support, he would have ended up falling awkwardly on the floor. 
"Mr. Thompson! This is a police station. Do you really want to start a fight here?!" Hunter asked with gritted teeth. 
"Of course I have no intention of 
doing that." Asher tightened his strong fist, the sudden movement making his knuckles crack, and his gaze at James flickered with a menacing intensity. "But if he dares to raise his voice at Dr. Larson, I I can't promise that he won't end up with a broken nose."
###chapter1350
Though James pretended to look unfazed, his legs were already shaking and numb beneath his pants. 
Hunter also kept his mouth shut, feeling intimidated by the intense stare. 
Bella and Justin were left completely shocked, needing a moment to collect themselves. 
'Wow, Asher's protective instinct is truly intense!' 
Bella knew Asher's personality better than anyone. He might seem selfish and uninterested, even cold and distant, but in human terms, he just lacked a bit of warmth. Apart from his own family, there was also Steven, who had been by Asher's side for a long time. 
Asher typically would not show much concern for anyone else. But at this particular moment, he displayed an unusual level of care for Arnold that was truly surprising. 
It was then that Bella happened to catch Arnold looking at her older brother with such warmth and tenderness that it almost seemed weird. 
Bella was confused. 'Why is the vibe so weird? Why do they seem a little bit at odds with each other?' 
Before Bella could fully grasp it, Hunter expressed his frustration and said, "But there were still some minor injuries. According to our country's laws, even if the injury is found to be minor, it can lead to a prison sentence of up to three years. Steven won't get away with imprisonment!" 
Hunter felt an intense desire to shred Steven's name to pieces. It was hard to believe that he was actually Steven's older brother, someone with close family connections. His excessive enjoyment of pleasures and his insatiable appetite for destroying others turned him into a ruthless monster without any sense of guilt.
Asher was not too concerned about Hunter. After all, he was just a minion for the Iverson family. Naturally, Asher wanted to speak with his boss. "Steven didn't lay a finger on Charles from start to finish, even though he really wanted to. I'm the one who beat Charles, as proven by the video." 
As he talked, his gaze shifted to Arnold, and his tone softened. "Arnold, can you play the video for me?" 
Arnold hesitated, bit his lip, took out his phone, and showed a video to everyone. Charles' screams echoed through the entire silent office. The scene clearly captured Asher relentlessly beating Charles' until the latter was bleeding all over. 
"Will this work? It's concrete evidence," Asher said with a sly grin, his smile as chilling as the darkness of a strikingly handsome demon. 
Superintendent Donald and Hunter felt numb as they stared with darkened eyes. The plan to frame Steven was completely shattered by this video. 
"Ash, how could you...?" Bella gasped and leaned into Justin's embrace. 
His strong arms held her trembling shoulder as he looked at Asher with a storm of emotions in his heart. 
Justin knew what Asher was up to. 
Right from the start, Asher had expected that there would be issues down the line, so he had made early arrangements to deal with any unexpected situations. 
"Superintendent Donald, can you release Steven now?" Asher asked with a slight grin. 
Superintendent Donald didn't know what to say and nervously looked at James. "Um... This...”
"You've arrested the wrong guy. I gave Director Carter a heads-up before coming here. When he found out, he was livid. It looks like this is where your career ends," Asher said, his tone firm. Superintendent Donald looked pale. He panicked as he hurried out of the door to personally release Steven. 
Asher said, "James, I know you're ready to strike like a hawk. Let's not waste time with words. lan!” 
"Yes, Mr. Thompson!" lan said as he hurriedly entered and stood by Asher's side. 
Bella was taken aback for a second. How could her brother be bossing around Justin's secretary? But, to be fair, lan was quite versatile. If someone didn't know, they would think he was the secretary to the CEO of the KS Group. 
Asher signaled lan, and he quickly passed the file to James. 
James furrowed his brow as he opened and examined the contents, his pupils contracting abruptly. 
"In this file, you'll find a transfer 
agreement for the Terranova Resort 
net 
project, along with a settlement agreement." Asher's voice was as cold as ice, carrying a noticeable weight. "If you're willing to resolve this matter privately, then consider this Terranova project as. compensation from our family to your brother." 
WI 
He continued, "But if you don't want to settle this privately, that's fine too. I've been playing the role of CEO long enough. It's time for me to take a step back and work on myself. Plus, it's a chance for my
younger sister to officially take over my role, killing two birds with one stone. But I guess with your current situation, you wouldn't have any reason to refuse, right?" 
The conditions set by Asher were indeed tempting, and James' limited 
affection for his family just 
keep him from giving in. So, he 
quickly signed the agreement, 
grabbed the contract, and walked out of the office without looking 
back. 
It was almost like all those deep resentments had vanished into thin air. Was this guy some sort of shape-shifter? 
Hunter was furious. His eyes were bloodshot. He never thought that all his hard work would be for nothing. He couldn't convict Steven, nor had he caused any loss to the Thompson family. Instead, he had become a laughingstock. 
"Hunter, I was right, wasn't I?" Bella gazed at him with intense determination in her eyes. "Justice will always prevail over evil. You will never defeat us." 
"Damn it! You're just lucky!" Hunter grumbled under his breath before walking away. 
"Hunter Lovett." Arnold suddenly called out to him with a smile.
Hunter stopped in his tracks, clenching his jaw. "Is there something else you want to say?" 
"Isn't that golden grub that night delicious?"
###chapter1351
"Golden grub? What the hell?" Bella and Justin exchanged bewildered glances, while Asher stared in astonishment at Arnold's feminine yet captivating face.
Hunter's mouth hung open in shock, staring at him with intense, fiery eyes.
He felt a deep sense of embarrassment as he replayed the events of that night in his head, making him feel completely humiliated. He was shaking with fear and shall over again.
"You... You... Ugh...!" Hunter covered his mouth, feeling like he was going to vomit again.
"Hunter, you seem to be in a lot of pain," Arnold said as he took a big step back to stand next to Asher, looking as if he might catch something from being too close to Hunter.
Arnold grinned slyly and squinted his eyes before remarking, "But your breath smells worse than a public toilet that hasn't been cleaned in ten years. Even if you ate poop, you probably wouldn't feel a thing. That's just where it belongs after all." Eat poop?! Holy crap! That was even more sensational than that incident involving Charles! "Ughhh!" The lingering stench surged up again. Hunter quickly covered his mouth with both hands and dashed out of the door. "Haha... This is hilarious! I can't stop laughing!" Arnold burst into laughter, tears rolling down his face. He nudged the handsman beside him. "Why isn't everyone cracking up? I could laugh about this for years! Hahaha!" Asher stared at him silently. He couldn't help but smile back at Arnold's bright and carefree expression, mirroring the joy in his eyes.
"Arnie, tell us quickly! What's going on?!" Bella blinked her eyes. Her face lit up with excitement, like a curious little baby. 'Arnie?' Justin's eyebrows furrowed slightly as he held the slender waist of the young woman.
The veins in his hands tensed visibly as he thought, 'This girl sure knows how to sweet talk her way into gossip, not even thinking about whether I'll get jealous. She's completely indifferent to my feelings.' "Well, you see, one day I was enjoying afternoon tea with my aunt and the rest of the family, and Aunt Sasha mentioned something..." Arnold was so excited as he described how Sasha had instructed her men to beat Hunter and force him to eat poop. Instantly, the room fell silent.
But then, Bella suddenly burst into loud laughter. She leaned against Justin's chest, and her giggles caused her slender body to tremble, and tears formed on the corners of her eyes.
Justin embraced her tightly, and even he could not stop a smile from spreading across his face. He was typically a man of few words, barely laughing much, except when he was with Bella. His laughter wasn't prompted by anything funny this time. It simply cnaturally as he watched her be so genuinely happy. "Aunt Sasha is awesome! No wonder she's the daughter of the leader of the Southern Star Syndicate. She's truly a heroine among women!" Bella couldn't stop herself from laughing, clapping so much that her palms turned red. Justin was surprised. "So Madam Sasha is actually the daughter of the leader of the Southern Star Syndicate?!" Southern Star was the biggest l.ne syndicate in Savrow. They were famous all over the country. In its early days of aggressive expansion it received a variety of reviews, including both compliments and complaints. But in recent years, they worked to improve their reputation by showing enthusiasm for public welfare and gradually moved onto the right track. The leader of the Southern Star Syndicate was Sasha's father and a big inspiration to Ryan. It seemed like that kid had seen movies and TV shows based on the life of the Southern Star Syndicate leader hundreds of times.
But Justin never knew about Sasha's background. He thought, 'Wow, Wyatt... Wow...'
###chapter1352
"You just found out, huh? You don't know much about my family background, and yet you still want to be with me?" Bella playfully flicked Justin's head. "I have three stepmothers, and each one is more formidable than the last." 
Justin looked at her with a wry smile. Bella's family history was incredibly intricate, enough to boggle his mind. It required quite an imaginative mind to consider the possibility that Sasha might be the daughter of the leader of the Southern Star Syndicate. 
"Bella, you shouldn't talk about Justin like that. Besides those who are close to us, Mr. Jenkins has never revealed Aunt Sasha's identity." 
Asher was in a good mood after sorting out Steven's issue. He even kept up his friendly tone with Justin and stopped addressing him as "Mr. Salvador". 
He continued, "After all, the world is a scary place, filled with dangers and dark forces. Mr. Jenkins only does it to protect his one and only daughter." 
Justin slightly puckered his lips, feeling warm in his heart. He knew that deep down, Asher was very much like him-seemingly tough but actually affectionate. 
Bella nodded in agreement. "Well, that's true. Although Mr. Jenkins strongly dislikes Wyatt for deceiving his beloved daughter and even threatened to break their father-daughter relationship, I know he truly cares for Aunt Sasha." 
Suddenly, she clenched her fist and thumped it into her palm, letting out a sigh of regret. "I've heard that poop tastes like sweet potatoes. That bastard Hunter ran so quickly, I didn't even have the chance to ask him about it. I'm really curious!" 
Justin, Asher, and Arnold were speechless upon hearing this.
The day had yet to begin, but for Steven, it had already been a long one, as the night had been quite eventful. 
Before Bella and the others showed up, Steven was still a suspected criminal at the mercy of others. 
But now, Superintendent Donald personally came to release him. Not only that, he even greeted Steven with a warm smile and kind words as he escorted him out of the cell. Steven was absolutely shocked. He had been locked up the entire time and had no clue about the dramatic showdown that had taken place at the police station that evening. 
"Mr. Lovett, the case has been thoroughly investigated. The evidence is clear, and you're proven innocent." Superintendent Donald beamed with a huge smile on his face, looking like a golden retriever. "We've withdrawn the confession, and Mr. Iverson has also agreed to a settlement. You're free to go now." 
"Mr. Iverson... agreed to a settlement?" 
How could that be possible? 
Superintendent Donald chuckled. "Mr. Lovett, you have quite the influence. Even Ms. Thompson and Mr. Salvador took notice of you. Thanks to you, I got to meet them in person. It would've been tough for me to meet such important people otherwise." 
Steven's eyes widened in shock. "Ms. Thompson and Mr. Salvador?!" 
Superintendent Donald continued with a flattering smile on his face. "I really went all out to support you this time. I immediately informed the higher-ups about your situation. When the Iverson family accused you, I ensured that they quickly uncovered the truth to clear your name! I truly didn't intend to cause
any trouble for you. So... Please go back and put in a good word for me with Ms. Thompson and Mr. Salvador. If you ever need my help again in the future, I will do my best without any hesitation." 
Steven clenched his jaws as he slowly turned his icy stare toward the deceptive and hypocritical person in front of him. It was unbelievable that someone so selfish and shameless could be the chief of the police department. 
Oh my goodness, the people of Savrow were all two-faced! 
"You don't need to wait for me to return. I'm Ms. Thompson's secretary, so I can respond on her behalf right now." 
Steven's cold and stern gaze struck him like a bolt of lightning in the face. "Someone like you who only cares about money and abuses power is a piece of trash, just like the Iversons. If you think you can form a relationship with Ms. Thompson, think again!" 
Before Steven left the police station, he stopped by the bathroom to freshen up. 
He did not want Bella to see him looking all worn out and low-spirited because he was worried it might make her feel uneasy.
###chapter1353
When Steven spotted Bella and Justin, along with Asher and Arnold, coming to get him, he found it hard to hold back his emotions. 
Tears started welling up in his eyes as he thought, 'Why me? Do I really deserve all this kindness and care?' 
"Steve." Asher's gentle smile erased all doubt as he said, "Thank you for your hard work. We're here to take you home." 
"Mr. Asher..." Steven's throat tightened. He was almost unable to speak. 
Out of nowhere, Bella surged forward like a speeding arrow, taking Steven by surprise before Justin could even react. She stared at Steven with bloodshot eyes. 
Justin felt his heart race and was extremely nervous. He thought she had calmed down, but her emotions flared up instantly when she saw Steven. 
"Why did you plead guilty?!" Bella exclaimed angrily, her usually calm face now flushed with intense anger. 
Steven felt like he had been stabbed in the throat. His parched lips quivered. "Ms. Bella, I'm sorry." 
Bella's eyes turned red with tears. With a sudden movement, she angrily raised her hand and slapped him hard! 
"Bella! Please stop!" 
"Bella!" 
Steven stood still as tears welled up in his eyes.
Her hands formed a fist and punched his shoulder. "Why did you plead guilty? Have you lost your mind?! We're the ones who did it, so we should take responsibility. Who are you to act like the hero?!" 
"Ms. Bella... I was scared something would happen to you." Steven felt choked, struggling to speak. "You and Mr. Salvador have finally gotten back together. I didn't want either of you getting into trouble again..." 
Justin felt a sharp pain in his heart, the intense emotion taking him by surprise. 
Bella suddenly broke down in tears. 
But she did not feel grateful at all. "Steve, do you really think I'll be thanking you? Not a chance! This was at thanks to Asher's backup plan. What if it failed? You would've ended up in jail!" 
She continued, "You keep saying it's for us, but have you ever thought that you are no longer alone? You have Amelia now! If you really end up in jail, what will Amelia do?! Have you ever thought about her at all? Have you?!" 
'Amelia...' Steven felt a surge of icy electricity shoot through his brain and jolt all of his limbs, sending waves of pain pulsing through his heart. 
"I hate you so much! I hate you so much!" Bella wanted to continue beating him, but fortunately Justin stepped forward just in time. He reached out and hugged her tightly from behind, offering warm comfort. Justin reassured her. "Bella, don't be angry. Steve is released now, and it's all over." 
He continued, "I understand how
worried you are about him. You are so worried that you don't know what to do. But it's been days since Steve was detained, and he must have gone through a lot. Maybe you could let him take some time to rest before coming to apologize to you?" 
Justin's gentle persuasion gradually eased Bella's anxiety. 
Asher and Arnold exchanged a knowing glance. 
Despite Bella being the one who caused chaos, it was ultimately Justin who could keep her grounded. 
Outside the door, the car was waiting. 
A few people were about to escort Steven into the car. 
Suddenly, his heart skipped a beat, and he abruptly turned around. The next moment, he eagerly called out with pale lips. 
"Amelia... Amelia!"
###chapter1354
Bella and the rest looked in the direction Steven was staring, only to spot Amelia standing under the dim streetlight. 
The evening glow highlighted her slender figure, with her soft hair swaying in the gentle breeze and tears shimmering on her porcelain-like face. "Steve..." Amelia called out his name as tears fell continuously. 
The fragile silhouette, almost consumed by the darkness, looked heartbreakingly pitiful. 
Steven ran toward the girl he loved dearly, his eyes brimming with emotion. He hugged her with all his strength, as if never wanting to let go. "Why did you come here at this hour? It's not safe." Steven struggled to keep his voice calm, but he couldn't steady his breathing. 
"Steve, I just needed to see you... I've missed you so much..." Amelia sobbed even more, her tears drenching his shoulder. 
Amelia had actually been standing here and waiting since before it got dark. She called her sister and brother-in-law for help from this exact spot. 
She had been waiting the whole time, hoping to see Steven emerge with all his poise. She did not know how long she would have to wait, but she was willing to wait as long as necessary. 
"I miss you too... I miss you so much, it's driving me crazy." 
His eyes were filled with sadness as he gently wiped away the tears from her eyes. Then, he placed his hand firmly on the small of her back and gazed deeply into her moist eyes before kissing her fiercely and passionately on the lips. 
Bella chuckled as she watched the two lovers reunite, her tears giving way to laughter. She wiped her teary eyes and said with a smile, "Well, that's just lovely."
Justin held her waist and whispered in her ear, "Wait till we get home, Bella. I've got something even better for you." 
Bella melted into his hug, her cheeks turning a soft shade of pink from embarrassment. 
"Bella, you two should go home and get some rest. We're heading back to Hatchbay now. If anything comes up, just contact us," Arnold said with a smile as he waved at them. 
"Arnie." Bella stopped pretending to be distant from Arnold and fondly referred to him by a nickname. 
"It's all thanks to you this time. Tell me, how can I ever repay you?" Bella asked with a smile. 
Arnold blinked his beautiful eyes and turned to look at Asher's back. He thought, 'Maybe you can play Cupid for me and Asher.' 
But Arnold couldn't bring himself to say it, afraid of scaring the girl. 
"You're Asher's sister, which makes you my sister too. It's only right for me to help. There's no need to thank me." 
Bella and Justin returned to their home in Savrow. 
Asher and Arnold shared a car, while Steven accompanied Amelia as they made their way to Hatchbay. 
The dark sky was slowly starting to lighten, looking like a huge stretch of velvety deep blue, calm and peaceful. 
Arnold lowered the car window, his intriguingly narrow eyes squinting as he rested his chin on his hand and looked up at the distant, enigmatic sky How refreshing and 
exhilarating!'
For the past 27 years, apart from his academic research, Arnold had been indulging in the materialistic and tumultuous world. 
The wild highs and crushing lows 
took a toll on him, causing him to live each day like someone suffering from schizophrenia. His 
temperament became increasingly eccentric and bizarre. 
He had met countless people, yet still felt as lonely as an elderly person in their twilight years. 
The more people he crossed paths with, the more closed off his heart became. That was until he met them and him. 
Arnold's gaze was filled with 
yearning as he stared affectionately at the calm man next to him. He thought, What should I do? I love him so much that I considered leaving everything behind in Meridan. I just want to come back and be by his side forever. 
"Dr. Larson." Asher broke the silence in the car.
###chapter1355
"Oh, you finally remembered my presence?" Arnold playfully teased.
He tilted his head and took a quick glance to admire Asher's handsprofile. "You've been ignoringfor over half an hour. I've already decided that if you ignorefor one more minute, I'll ignore you forever." Asher felt a flutter in his heart at Arnold's childish behavior, but he casually asked, "Do you usually have afternoon tea with the aunties?" "Yeah." "You're young, but you hang out with them every day. Isn't it boring?" Asher looked at him with a touch of uncertainty in his gaze. "You have the freedom to do anything back in Meridan. Don't restrain yourself just because you're back. Just do whatever you want." "Oh, what am I supposed to do? Will you be able to handle it?" Arnold playfully teased him, exuding a captivating charm in his eyes that was hard to resist.
Asher felt a lump in his throat and replied coldly, "That's your business. It has nothing to do with me." "Well, that's true. You have so many things to do and so many things to worry about. Where would he find the energy to think of me?" Arnold couldn't hide the disappointment in his tone.
Asher pursed his lips and stopped talking.
"I want to get closer to the aunties. After all, if we really becfamily in the future, there's no need to worry about building relationships, right? This is called social etiquette, Mr. Thompson." 'Family...?' Asher maintained a calm expression as Arnold, with his fresh oceanic scent, moved nearer to him, his seductive voice in his ears. "Since my aunt married into your family, that makesher nephew. So technically, we're family too, right? Haha.” Arnold sat up straight in the car, his eyes concealing deep feelings.
"I heard from Aunt Celeste that you like eating nuts." Asher looked straight ahead for a moment, but the muscles under his suit were tense. "Everything brought into this house is for you." "Yes, I have liked it since I was a child. Hazelnuts, pistachios, roasted chestnuts... I just can't get enough of them." Arnold was clearly a man, but there was a girlish joy in his expression. "When I was young, my aunt would always peel them for me. I could keep munching on it, and she never got tired until I had enough." Asher gazed at him intently and said in a slightly raspy voice, "Next time, I can peel them for you." Arnold was thrilled. His fingers gently brushed Asher's sharp jawline and his cozy breath met Asher's with a slight chill. "Okay, Deal only want to eat what you peel for me." Asher tightened his fists and felt something stir in his heart. He looked forward to his promise and longed for him too.
* When Bella got back, she was completely worn out and kept grumbling about how exhausted she was.
First, she was genuinely tired.
Secondly, she was subtly hinting to Justin that once they were in bed, she didn't want to be the one doing all the work again.
Justin lifted Bella out of the car and carried her in his arms, like a l.ne princess. Her slender legs swayed, and her high heels slipped off one by one as he walked. He was too preoccupied to think about it, leaving lan to walk behind and pick up her shoes.
Later in their room, they showered as together, and he patiently re the young lady finished her routine, from her hair to her nails.
When the sky was completely bright, both of them lay in bed exhausted, and Justin eagerly wrapped his arms around his lover.
Bella rested her head on his muscular arm, closing her eyes as she grew sleepy.
"You're unusually well-behaved today." Justin kissed her forehead affectionately, smiling as he said, "If you don't behave, you might only get to nap." "Hmm, luckily for me, you're more than just a beast without conscience." In a drowsy state, Bella gave him a quick peck on the lips. "Good morning. I'm going to sleep now." She drifted into deep sleep within seconds.
Listening to her calm breathing, Justin's dark eyes filled with love and tenderness. "Good morning, my dear wife."
###chapter1356
Bella slept in until noon, acting like a lazy cat, reluctant to rise. Meanwhile, Justin, who was a light sleeper, woke up after only three or four hours of sleep. 
After waking up, he didn't step out of the room. Instead, he sat quietly on the sofa and attended to urgent matters sent over by the company, silently watching over her. 
"Ah!" 
Suddenly, Bella jolted awake from her dream and sat up abruptly on the bed. Justin immediately set aside the documents in his hand and quickly walked over to the bedside to embrace her. He asked gently, "Bella, what's wrong? Did you have a nightmare?" 
Bella patted her heaving chest and grabbed his hand, her face redder than a tomato. "Justin, guess what I dreamed about?!" 
Justin leaned in to kiss her, but she dodged. "I dreamed that my eldest brother married Arnold!" 
"Hmm?" Justin was stunned, staring fixedly at her. 
"Our whole family attended their wedding, and I even caught the bouquet that Arnold tossed!" 
Justin was speechless. 
"Just as he was about to kiss my brother, I suddenly woke up! Argh! Why did I have to wake up at the most crucial moment?!" Bella's fingers were tangled in her hair, fretting. Her heart was pounding uncontrollably. 
"Bella, you're just too adorable." Justin sat at the edge of the bed and pulled her into an embrace, lightly tapping her forehead with his fingertip. "What is brewing in that mischievous little mind of yours every day?"
"I was too tired when I came back, closed my eyes, and just fell asleep. But actually, I had a lot to say to you." Bella nervously swallowed, staring intently into his eyes. "I have this feeling that Arnold likes my eldest brother romantically, and Asher doesn't seem to mind at all." 
"Last night at the police station, they both came over together. I don't know why, but I just felt like they were very close. Even though they 
didn't do anything, I just felt like they were so compatible and perfect together!" 
Justin didn't dismiss Bella's words as nonsense from someone who had just woken up. Instead of brushing it off, he seriously pondered it for a moment. 
"I know that Dr. Larson is gay, but Asher isn't." 
"Well... That's true. I don't know if I was just out of my mind, but I had such a vivid dream." 
Bella pressed her temples, taking a deep breath. Ever since I was little, I've always thought that Asher was the best man in our family, and no woman could match him. It's not that those girls aren't good enough. It's just that I've always felt like something was missing. But I felt that Arnold was his perfect match. How unbelievable!" 
"Bella, even if that's the case, can you accept it?" 
Bella said, "I'm just worried that Wyatt won't be able to accept it. Asher says that he believes in God and doesn't plan to marry or have children. Wyatt reluctantly accepts that But if he likes men... I think Wyatt will come around to 
eventually, especially see O
how 
Wyatt slowly accepted you." 
Justin didn't know whether to laugh or cry. 
At this moment, the concerned voice of Wilma came from outside the door. 
"Young Master, Young Madam, are you awake? Come down and have a meal before going back to sleep. It's not good to sleep on an empty stomach, is it?" 
Justin's face was plastered with surprise, while Bella embarrassedly clutched the blanket tighter. 
She thought, 'Wilma, you underestimate your young master. He's only energized when he's hungry. He'll just devour me whole.'
###chapter1357
After a simple wash-up, Bella changed into a new outfit and joined Justin downstairs for a meal. It had been a while since she tasted Wilma's cooking, and she relished every bite. Wilma looked at Bella lovingly, as if she were seeing her long-lost daughter. 
"Wow... It tastes so good!" Bella licked her lips and let out a cute burp, eagerly handing her bowl to Wilma. "Wilma, give me another bowl of mashed potatoes, filled to the brim!" "Got it, Young Madam!" Wilma happily filled the bowl with mashed potatoes. 
The elders were all the same, feeling happy when they saw the younger generation eating heartily. 
"Bella, take it easy. Don't overeat," Justin said in a gentle tone as he used a napkin to dab away the grease from her lips. 
"Why are you eating so little? Are you on a diet?" Bella leaned towards him, enjoying the mouth-wiping service. 
"I'm not very hungry." 
"If you weren't hungry, you should have said so earlier. Wilma's fried fish and shrimp are so delicious, I saved some for you in case you didn't have enough." 
Bella reached for the fried shrimp with her hands, behaving like a hungry little cat. "If you're not going to eat it, I'll gladly finish all of it!" 
The tenderness that leaked from the depths of Justin's eyes seemed to be melting her. 
This was how it should be. What he wanted was for Bella to be completely herself, without any reservations. He didn't want her to be gentle, obedient, or understanding. He just wanted her to be true to herself.
After the satisfying meal, Bella happily sprawled out on the sofa in the living room. Justin took the fruit platter prepared by Wilma and was about to bring it to Bella when Wilma suddenly pulled him aside. 
Wilma whispered with a low voice, "Young Master, uh... I asked some old acquaintances in Savrow for some advice. They're all working as maids in various wealthy 
households. Almost every your net 
madam they served had some trouble with childbirth. So... asked them for some remedies. I send them to you later. You can take a look, and maybe have lan fetch some ingredients according to the remedies. That way, Young Madam can try it, and who knows if..." 
"Wilma..." Justin's face darkened slightly. 
Wilma raised three fingers solemnly, her eyes full of worry. "Young Master! I swear to the heavens that I only told my friends that a relative's child from my hometown had trouble with conception. I didn't mention a word about our Young Madam. I only reached out to friends I've known for over a decade, so they would never have ill intentions.!" 
Justin bit his lips and frowned. 
"Wilma, I've told you before, more than once. I don't care if Bella can conceive or not. I'll love her, no matter what. My family doesn't have a throne to inherit. Even if I can't give the Salyador family grandchildren, and even if Gregory takes back my position at the company because of this, I don't think it's a big deal. I just want Bella to be safe and happy by my side. Raising a child is hard, and trying various methods just to have a child isn't only hard work, but it's also painful. I can't bear to see Bella suffer one bit."
"Young Master... Didn't you also contact a doctor in Switzerland? I just wanted to help you..." Wilma's voice was caught in her throat. "It's not that I feel aggrieved. I just feel sorry for Young Madam." "I turned it down." 
el.n 
Justin lowered his long lashes and shook his head. "At that time, I had the same thought as you. I wanted to do everything to help Bella, partly to restore her health but also to make amends. But I gradually realized that doing so would only bring up her past sorrows time and time again. It would also make her misunderstand that I care deeply about whether she can have a child for me." 
"It's my fault... I didn't think it through." Wilma rubbed her sore eyes. "Let's not talk about it anymore. I won't bring it up again. As long as you and the Young Madam can be together for a long time, what else matters?" 
Justin calmed down and went back to the living room with the fruit platter. 
He and Wilma were so engrossed in conversation that they did not notice that lan had arrived. 
"Mr. Salvador, Young Madam, I have a few things to report to the both of you!"
###chapter1358
Justin sat beside Bella, placing the fruit platter in front of her. 
"lan, it's unusually hot outside. Have some water and fruit first." Bella pushed the fruit toward lan. 
"Thank you, Young Madam! You're so kind to me!" lan said as his eyes welled up with gratitude. 
Justin gave him a cold glance. "Eat quickly, then we can get down to business." 
lan picked up a slice of orange and devoured it. After wiping his mouth with a handkerchief, he sat up straight. 
"Yesterday, I followed your orders and informed Director Carter about Mr. Lovett's arrest with a detailed report. Just this morning, Superintendent Donald got suspended for abusing his power and has been taken away by prosecutors. With his shady background, he's definitely going to be fired. The Iverson family just lost another loyal ally they could count on." 
"Alright." Justin nodded indifferently. 
These lackeys of the financial conglomerates were always easy to catch once an investigation began. 
Bella's eyes widened as she looked at Justin. "When did you do this?" 
It was not the first time Justin pulled off this sort of mysterious operation. He always managed to act stealthily and catch the opponent off guard when they least expected it. 
"In the early hours of the morning, after you fell asleep," Justin replied. 
Bella's eyelashes fluttered as she hugged his arm, feeling warm inside. "You could have waited till this morning."
"James and Superintendent Donald bullied Steven and made you anxious. If I didn't deal with him, I would be so angry that I couldn't sleep." Justin held her hand, gently stroking her small palm. 
Seeing the dark circles under his eyes, Bella felt a pang of pain. "Don't you have a brain injury? You should try to get enough sleep for your health. Why do you insist on tormenting yourself like this? Do you want to make me worry?" 
"I always try to do my best for you and the people around you. I don't want to delay even for a moment." 
Seeing that she still looked angry, Justin had no choice but to plead softly. "I'm sorry, I'll listen to you next time." 
lan continued, "Also, the Iverson family has already contacted the person in charge of the Terranova project. Haha! He acted so quickly, like he just found money on the street." 
"Sigh... It's such a shame that 
James got a big project for nothing." Bella clenched her fists unwillingly. "Previously, because of Charles and Astrid's affairs, he was suppressed by Christopher and abandoned by Lance. Now he's picked up a major project, giving him a chance to breathe." 
Justin's lips curled slightly. "Sometimes, the pie that falls from the sky isn't necessarily a delicacy. It might very well be a hot potato." 
Bella raises her eyebrows. "Hmm? What do you mean?" 
"Mr. Thompson's previous project with the resort in Terranova has a thorny issue that Mr. Salvador discovered. So Mr. Salvador advised Mr. Thompson to transfer the project as soon as possible." lan eagerly spilled the beans.
Bella was puzzled. "My brother is not the kind of useless CEO like James. If there's an issue with the project, he would have discovered it early on. How could such a lapse occur?" 
"The land bidding process in Terranova is chaotic, far from being as transparent and regulated as it is in our country." 
Now that things had come to this point, Justin didn't conceal anything and explained it to Bella. 
nét 
"The resort project in Terranova has excellent geographical conditions, but there's a serious problem with transportation. There's a small village on the road that the resort must pass through, with just over a dozen households. It's less than a kilometer away from the resort. 
"The existence of this village will hinder the future expansion of the resort, and even the construction of the main road will be affected. 
ne 
However, all of this wasn't clearly marked in the initial plan. In order to attract foreign investment, the local government concealed this fact from the beginning." 
Bella's anger reached its peak upon hearing this. "How can this be allowed? Isn't this fraud? Is the government involved in the fraudulent deal?!"
###chapter1359
"Young Madam, let me tell you, the land transaction in Terranova is so bizarre!" lan seized the opportunity to lavish praise on Justin. "Fortunately, Mr. Salvador is wise and discerning. He informed Mr. Thompson in time about this investigation. There's still a glimmer of hope. Otherwise, the losses would have been even greater if construction began!" 
"Mr. Harris, are you implying that my brother is not wise and discerning?" Bella's fair and delicate arms were crossed in front of her chest, her gaze intimidating. 
lan's spine stiffened with fear. "Young... Young Madam, please don't misunderstand. I never meant that!" 
"lan, watch your words." Justin's icy gaze was piercing. "Loose lips can sink ships, or bonuses." 
lan was stunned and speechless. 
That statement carried even more weight! 
Businessmen were humans too, and it was common to slip up. 
In fact, Justin's wisdom and business prowess were not innate. They were the result of years of managing the conglomerate and navigating countless pitfalls, big and small. 
He just happened to know a little more about Terranova than Asher, and that little extra knowledge played a crucial role. 
"Originally, when I pointed out the problem, I wanted your brother to find a way to sell that piece of land as soon as possible, but he hasn't found a suitable buyer yet," Justin said calmly, not thinking that what he did was extraordinary. 
Bella thought, 'A suitable buyer? Finding a scapegoat would be a more accurate description.'
But unexpectedly, Steven encountered some trouble, which turned out to be a fortune in disguise. A big opportunity walked right into their laps. 
"So, when Steven encountered 
trouble yesterday, you thought of using that project as a bargaining chip for reconciliation. That's why you hurriedly notified Asher to come over with the transfer contract." Bella squinted her lively eyes. 
Justin caressed the silky hair of the beauty in his arms without reservation. “I can't hide anything from you, can I?" 
"Tsk tsk! If Mr. Salvador wasn't managing Salvador Corporation, he could consider going into fraud. He'd definitely be a top swindler." 
Justin's lips tugged slightly, and his smile was indulgent. "I didn't deceive James. At most, I just invited him into the trap. It's his choice whether to step into it or not. We never forced him. He could have refused to reconcile with Mr. Thompson for the sake of his cherished brotherly affection." 
"Oh, come on, Mr. Salvador, you're so shrewd that others would probably develop acute paranoia just by looking at you." 
Bella poked his stiff chest with her 
fingertip. "Upon closer inspection, your trap has many loopholes. Regarding that contract, James could have delayed us until he took over, then sent people for on-site inspection and conducted cautious research. So, ultimately, it's because you understand his current dire situation in the Iverson family.
He's eager to take credit, so he's impatient. Faced with such a big temptation, he'll definitely jump into the pit without a second thought. As for brotherly affection, at that moment, James only thought about how to turn things around and had long forgotten about Charles." 
Justin admired her with his eyes, as if Bella were the most beautiful woman in the world. 
"To conquer the enemy, it starts with the mind." 
"Heh, James, who thought he had picked up a big bargain, probably won't be able to laugh for long." 
Bella's face lit up again with a brilliant smile. She was in such a good mood that she felt like eating another serving of mashed potatoes. 
However, just as the atmosphere began to relax, a call from Ralph brought their mood back down. 
"Bella, there's trouble. Promise me not to get angry and stay calm." Ralph took a deep breath, his voice heavy. "Charles was just bailed out by Lance and James."
###chapter1360
"What... What?! That monster is out of prison?!" 
Bella suddenly broke free from Justin's arms. Wilma, who was making dessert in the kitchen, almost had a heart attack from Bella's loud roar. 
Justin's handsome face turned serious. He was standing near her and caught every word Ralph said through the phone. 
"That's impossible... Christopher must have been absolutely relentless. He would have acted without giving anyone a chance to survive. How could Charles be bailed out? Is there something wrong with the evidence?" Bella's voice calmed down quickly, but her shoulders were shaking with rage. 
Justin stood up in silence and wrapped his warm hands around her waist, silently comforting her with his actions. 
"The evidence was originally conclusive. If the evidence was insufficient, the police would not issue an arrest warrant for Charles." 
Ralph's hoarse voice sounded really bitter and unwilling. "But who would have thought that the girls who had promised to stand up and testify against Charles would completely switch sides? It's like they had been secretly bribed!" 
"They claimed that they were not raped by Charles and willingly engaged with that monster, even those two underage girls!" 
"Willingly? How is that possible?! If that were true, why didn't they say so in the first place?!" 
Bella anxiously said, "Ralph! There must be something fishy going on here. You must investigate it properly!"
"Of course there is a problem here, and all of us know it. I even sent several female police officers with ample negotiation experience to communicate with the victims, but it was of no use. They still decided not to testify." Ralph groaned helplessly. 
"Mr. Salvador! Young Madam! The news has been released!" lan shook his phone anxiously. 
"Play it." Justin ordered in a deep voice. 
lan clicked on the video. The phone screen showed the scene in front of the police station, and James was answering the reporter's question. 
"Damn it... This bastard deserves to rot in hell!" lan gritted his teeth at James' hypocrisy so much that his gums hurt. "I think his position as president is just to clean up the shit the Iverson family created." Bella and Justin stared at the screen intently, holding each other's hands tightly. 
James stood before the reporters, visibly angry It's clear to everyone that my brother has been wrongly accused. If he were truly guilty, we wouldn't have been able to post bail for him. Someone maliciously used this situation to tarnish his name and set him up. I'll get to the bottom of this, and I won't let my brother's suffering be for nothing!" 
"Get to the bottom of this? I think it's all bullshit!" lan gritted his teeth and complained. 
"He has to say that. The stage has been set up, and of course there is a need for a show." Bella's teeth were clenched, and her fingernails were embedded in the flesh of the back of Justin's hand without her realizing it. 
Although it hurt slightly, Justin ignored it. 
At this moment, the emotions filling his chest were all about his heartache for her. Justin wanted to give Bella a peaceful life, but often, reality would hit him hard in the face not long after he stabilized the
situation. 
"Mr. Iverson, two of the girls that Mr. Charles has assaulted are minors." The reporter still refused to give up, and his tone was full of resentment. "Even if they didn't testify against Mr. Charles, he was still soliciting a minor, which is extremely inappropriate and immoral behavior! He should be punished!" 
"Those two girls dressed up seductively and looked mature. They deliberately concealed their age to get close to my brother. As a result, my brother almost faced jail time after being seduced. Who is the unethical one here?" 
James sneered. "Besides, my 
brother didn't even know that they 
were underage before. Otherwise, how could he do such a 
self-destructive thing? Our family is prestigious, with a net worth of hundreds of billions of dollars. As I understand it, some girls with impure intentions use these tactics to get into the upper class. Shouldn't their guardians be responsible for these underage girls? Why should we pay for their faults?" 
"Damn it! James is changing the topic and diverting attention!" Bella's eyes were so filled with hatred that they were red. 
Another reporter asked, "Mr. James, Mr. Charles had obvious signs of drug abuse. Do you have anything to say about this matter?" 
"My brother is not a drug addict, but he did take some illegal drugs." 
As he said that, James put on a rather depressed expression again. "My brother had a serious car accident before and almost became paralyzed. He was in unbearable pain due to his legs, so he had to
take some powerful drugs to control the pain. 
"As you know, it was fortunate that Ms. Bella Thompson, the eldest daughter of the Thompson family, came to his aid and performed an amputation surgery on him, saving his right leg and allowing him to barely maintain a normal life. For this, our entire family is very grateful to Ms. Thompson. Without her, my brother would have been half dead.” 
Everyone was in an uproar and talking about this new piece of information. 
Bella was also a surgeon. Although this was amazing, it was not the most important thing. The most shocking thing was that Bella actually performed surgery for Charles! 
As the daughter of the richest man, she definitely had no worries about fame and fortune. She could not be coerced by anyone into doing anything against her will. Therefore, she must have performed the operation for Charles voluntarily. 
Was Bella's glorious image created for the outside world to see? Was she actually a materialistic person?
###chapter1361
"We are no strangers to Ms. Thompson's commendable character. If my brother was such a scumbag, do you think Ms. Thompson would operate on him? Wouldn't that make her a silent accomplice?" James' carefully worded statement caused tensions to rise. 
The Iverson brothers were cut from the same cloth. Charles was beyond redemption right from the start, and the whole world was aware that he was not a good man. Instead of apologizing for his brother's bac behavior, James tried to help Charles get away with it. It did not matter how the world saw James. 
However, Bella was a different story. 
By making the surgery public in a delicate moment, James was hinting that Bella was on the Iversons' side. 
James planted doubt in the public's minds. Though Bella had her moments, she stood by the Iversons when it counted. 
"The incident with my brother has taken up a lot of public resources. I'd like to apologize to everybody on behalf of him and the Iverson group." 
James hunched over. "With the public and all sectors as our witnesses, we will be strict on ourselves to lead by example." 
The news came to an abrupt end. 
Bella scowled hard. 
"Damn it! James is the son of a bitch! He's so desperate to name the young madam as a complicit." The overwhelming emotions made lan's voice tremble and his eyes turn red-rimmed.
Sure, Bella was not happy. However, she was a lot calmer than before. 
Her man was not having it, though. 
Justin's grip on her hand was icy to the touch. Bella could even feel his gradually tightening hold and veins creeping on the back of his hand. 
They were the same type of people. 
It was no big deal when it came to matters involving themselves. 
However, they could not stand.net 
troubles came in the way of the people they cared for. S 
if 
Bella looked up at Justin's grimace. His heaving chest would brush against her back when he took breaths. 
His prolonged silence was a telltale sign of his growing anger. 
"Don't be mad, Justin. It's not worth it." 
Bella gave his hand a squeeze and consoled him softly, "He's just a bastard. He can do his worst, but he's all bark and no bite. 
"I don't care about him at all, so don't let him get to you." 
"How can I not? I'm not heartless!"
Justin hyperventilated, his fist in her soft grasp shaking. "I will make him pay. James will suffer a worse fate than Charles." 
"I think he deserves a good ass-whooping too, but we can't lose our composure over his taunting." 
Bella placed her hands on his throbbing head with worry, giving him a gentle massage. "You know how bad your migraines can get. Being too emotional won't do you any good. Even if you don't care, you ought to think about me too." 
Even so, Justin could not keep a cool head when it came to Bella. 
His logic was out the door in the face of love. 
"Young Madam, the public opinion doesn't look favorable to you. I'm guessing James has hired internet trolls. Han scrolled through the mean comments, his fingers nearly puncturing the mobile screen. 
"Get the PR team on it," Justin commanded.
###chapter1362
"Come on, Justin. They can say whatever they want. James is underestimating me to think that he can hurt me with words and kill my spirit." 
Lifting her chin, Bella said with a faint smile, "We don't have to do anything." 
"Bella." Justin heaved while clutching her hand worriedly. 
"This is what fame will do to you. I can't be famous without the help of trolls." 
Bella waved her arm. "The most foolish thing to do is to justify ourselves. We can't prove everybody wrong just because they say so. Just ignore James. Karma will catch up to him." 
Bella turned solemn. "I'm more concerned about the girls. For them to change their story, the Iverson Group might be threatening them. Those girls are from ordinary families. They can't fight against the Iverson Group." 
With downcast eyes, Justin uttered sullenly, "Two of them are minors. It's one thing to be threatened, but if this thing blows out of proportion, the kids will be thrown into the middle of a media and public shitstorm. 
"Even though they are the victims, they will become the talk of the town and the butt of jokes. Some ill- intentioned people might even label these girls troubled and say that they have themselves to blame for being put in such situations." 
"Blame the victims?" It felt like a rug was pulled from under Bella. 
Justin's conscious and harsh truth was a gut punch, and Bella was brought back to the past taunting. 
"It takes two to tango."
"There's no smoke without fire." 
"It's your fault for wearing a short skirt." 
"Why does it happen to you and not others?" 
These women were the victims. Yet, they had to face the world's vile comments. As if they were not hurt enough, they were to be blamed for supposedly inviting rape. S 
"These girls still have a long way to go. Rather than demand justice, their parents will fear putting the girls in front of the jury. While I don't agree with that, I can understand where they are coming from." 
Mor 
Color drained from Bella's face as she shivered. Feeling sad, Justin pulled her into his arms and rested his chin on her neck while tightening his grip around her waist. 
belongs to .net S 
"I'm okay, Justin. I just feel bad for the girls." Bella felt a lump in her throat. Her voice was feeble and soft. 
"You're too kind, Bella." 
Justin patted her back. "But I hope you will keep being you." 
He would ward off evil and walk through fire for her. 
All he ever wanted was for her to be the kind person she was.
Bella got a grip on herself. "Can you arrange a meeting for me with the girls, Justin?" 
"Are you going to persuade them to testify?" Justin raised a brow. 
"They changed their minds, not because they didn't want justice. They are afraid of the Iversons and what they will do to them." 
Bella curled her lips. "I want to tell them that I will shield them from any harm." 
After leaving the detention center, Charles was brought back to the Iverson family's residence. 
During the car ride, he drank red wine and scrolled through the mean comments about Bella online before guffawing hard.
###chapter1363
I can't believe Bella operated on Charles. I have to suspect they are more than friends since she went as far as to treat an asshole.
 I said it once, and I'll say it again. It's all about connections and money with the rich and powerful. Even a supposedly righteous person like Ms. Thompson is no exception. It's the ordinary citizens like us who suffer.
 You are such a disappointment, Bella Thompson! I'm no longer a fan of yours.
 "Hahaha! Look at the comments, James! This is fucking great!" Charles wiggled his legs, which were crossed.
"Did you see the comment about Bella and I being more than friends? Hahaha! That should piss Justin off enough to want to kill me. Fuck! If only I get a night with her. That witch has all the right assets. I bet she'd be a tease in bed!" James interrupted Charles' revolting remark with a grimace.
"A tease? Do you think you can even get it up now?"
"Will you stop remindingabout that, James?!" Charles looked indignant.
"Bella has 101 ways to deal with you. Do you think you can take things far with her? You're playing with fire." "Tsk. Can't you just lethave my moment to fantasize?" Charles licked his lips lewdly.
James shook his head in disdain. If Charles were not his brother, James would not even waste another breath with him. Charles admired the mean comments with a grin.
"Well, aren't you in a good mood?" James swirled his wine glass and sneered, "The online community is tearing into you, but you don't seem to mind." "Why should I? I know I'm a perv." Charles smiled wickedly and rubbed his chin. "But managed to drag Bella into the scandal. I love getting the innocent involved. She thinks she's all that and always plays the good guy. Despite her efforts to dissociate herself from us, she finds herself deeper in the mud, bet she's crying right now. This is a great opportunity to make that bitch and Shannon the villains.” "I will keep an eye on the comments to make sure everything goes in our favor. I don't need you to tellthat." James side-eyed him and smirked arrogantly.
Overjoyed over the return of his son, Lance embraced Charles lovingly.
"You have your brother to thank for your release, Charles." Lance gazed at James with renewed confidence and esteem for him.
n "You did good, James. Sure enough, you don't letdown. The Iverson Group can't lose you." "You flatter me, Dad." James smiled humbly. "Charles is my brother and the apple of your eye. I will always do my best to help our family and share your troubles." "See, Dad! James is the only one who cares about you and our family. I'd be done for, if it wasn't for James. You probably wouldn't seeagain." Charles pursed his lips in rage.
"What did Christopher do for you since our family was in trouble? He's just taking advantage of the situation while our family falls apart." "Don't say that, Charles. Our company's stock stabilized, and our project in Sentania is progressing well thanks to Chris," Lance said sternly.
Then cthe knock on the door. Christopher entered the room with a smile. "Welchome, Charles."
###chapter1364
Charles stared down Christopher's innocent-looking face as rage overtook him. Just when he was about to blow up, James gave him a chilling look that woke Charles to his senses. James expressed during the car ride that Bella possibly was not the one who was out to get him.
His mind wandered back to their conversation. "If Bella wanted to ruin you, she would've done it when you got a little too close with her sister. Why wait until now?
“Besides, only | and one other person know all the details about your little thing."
"Who is it? Who is ruining me? | want to make him pay!"
“Astrid.”
"That's right! That bitch! She must have ratted me out to reduce her own sentence. | will make sure she stays behind bars."
“Even if she knew about your business and ratted you out, she couldn't possibly do much behind bars. The police couldn't have collected all the evidence. It's clear someone was helping her to exact her revenge from the outside."
"Who? Who could it be?" Charles was overwhelmed with anger.
"| can't think of anyone but Christopher. Besides, | checked Astrid's visitation records, and he visited her recently. But Dad is in favor of Christopher right now, so it won't do us any good to confront him directly. We need to get in Dad's good books again before we can get rid of him."
"This is great! Thank God my three sons are with me now."
Lance held Charles and Christopher, tearing up at the reunion. "We can be a happy family, dedicated to building the Iverson Group. Let's not get ourselves in any more trouble. You worked hard, James, but Chris was instrumental in stabilizing the company stock and getting the project in Sentania right on track. | think—"
"Dad, | have some good news to share." James cut him off haughtily.
Christopher made a face silently.
"Oh? More good news? What is it?" Overjoyed, Lance could turn a blind eye to James' rude behavior. "Bring it in."
Asecretary on standby outside the room entered with a document in hand at James' command. The secretary handed the papers to Lance with respect.
Lance took the document in confusion and flipped through it with a frown. Soon, he burst into laughter. “Hahaha! This is great, James. When did you close the deal on this? This is a great surprise." The smile on Christopher's face froze, and his fists clenched tightly under his sleeves.
"| have been preparing the project for a long time, but | didn't want to tell you before | closed it. | didn't want to get your hopes up."
James smiled honestly. "| wanted to let you know as soon as the contracts were signed. You know me. | have my own way of doing things. | don't speak my mind like Chris." "That's true. Chris was a wild child before. After 15 years apart, he has now become my most sensible child.”
Charles taunted in contempt, "Well,
he could've done it sooner. Now, it just seems like he has a hi deny) soe al) emjdkhnd. | on't think befdre'| speak. Please don't take it personally." The content is on ! Read the latest chapter there!
Christopher narrowed his eyes dangerously and replied with a smile, "You've been held in the detention r for quite a whilet
You must have taken a bit of drugs there too, so your thought process doesn't align with your speech. 4)
Charles gritted his teeth, tempted to tear Christopher apart with his bare hands.
"You can never stop arguing. We should get along as a family. Can't you be like Wyatt's Kid pnd-gidé he amomeater peace?” Elated over the release of his son and the signing of a deat, Lance did not pay attention to their conversation. The content is on ! Read the latest chapter there!
"You're now the managing director of the lverson Group, Chris. Do your, best for the company. Vbu‘ean come tg uSifo ieee We can always talk things out for the sake of the family." The content is on ! Read the latest chapter there! 
###chapter1365
With a friendly smile, James patted Christopher's shoulder and said pensively, "Dad is not getting any younger. He's been troubled by worries lately. It's time that he takes a break. You can come straight to us for any issues revolving around work. Don't add to Dad's troubles." 
"Yeah, Chris. James is the president. You can learn a lot from him," Lance echoed the same sentiment. He regained trust and respect for his eldest son. 
Christopher looked James dead in the eyes, but a gentle smile soon spread across his lips. "You have a keen eye for business. I have a lot to learn from you. Here's to a positive outcome to your signed deal." 
Christopher left the study with a grimace and strode along the corridor. 
"Why are you leaving in a hurry, Chris? Dad wants us to have dinner together." 
James stopped him and approached with confidence. 
"Do you actually want to be at the same table as me?" Christopher turned around and looked askance at him. 
"I do. Why wouldn't I?" 
James laughed, smug at the idea that he pulled one on Christopher. "I love it when I crush you, and there's nothing you can do about it. I love it best when the person you try to harm is sitting unscathed right in front of you. The disappointed look on your face is priceless." 
"Sorry to disappoint you, but I never waste my emotions on trash." Christopher curled his lips and pushed his glasses up. 
"Tsk." Having earned the favor of his father, James did not mind letting Christopher have the last word.
"Mr. Iverson!" Taylor rushed over and shut his mouth when he saw James there. 
"So, your people address you formally?" 
James smiled sarcastically. "It's a shame that there can only be one Mr. Iverson in the company, and that's me. But I am a generous man. I won't deny you a chance to live in your dreams." 
He pulled out a handkerchief and wiped his hands nonchalantly from patting Christopher's shoulder. You can be the Mr. Iverson to your loser subordinates in your Lalaland." 
James threw the handkerchief near Christopher's feet and took off. 
Christopher never let James' words get to him before. 
However, his last remark touched his nerves. Christopher stared James down through his gold-rimmed glasses. 
"Fuck! Who does he think he is? Does he think the Iverson Group belongs to him?" Feeling for his boss, Taylor clicked his tongue. Chapter 1365 2 
"Yes, sir." 
Taylor pursed his lips, pulled out a steel sterilization box, and handed it over with both hands. "This is from him. It arrived today." 
Christopher took the box and clutched it tight in his grasp. 
"He said that the drug is powerful. Please think it through before using it." 
"Got it." Christopher's voice was raspy from urgency.
"After James' statement about Ms. Thompson, the public isn't too kind to her online, Mr. Iverson. Do you need me to remove all the negative comments about her?" Taylor asked with respect. 
With bloodshot eyes, Christopher gripped the steel box out of shape. 
It took a while before he took a long breath. "No." 
Taylor was shocked. "A-Are you really not going to do anything about it?"
###chapter1366
“Bella is an unreachable goddess to me. Despite my best efforts, I can’t get to her level. You will never understand the torment of the unattainable distance.”
Christopher closed his eyes, his heart breaking. He felt trapped, and there was no way out.
“Before, I just wanted her to be safe. Now, I want to taint her and bring her down to my level.”
Christopher was a vile scorpion who would kill anyone in his path.
However, he would never kill her.
He would love her with all his heart, in his own twisted way.
…
Soon, Justin found the addresses of the two minors.
The next afternoon, Ian drove Bella and Justin to meet with the girls in hopes they would testify in court.
Not to put any stress on the girls’ families, they chose to ride in a regular, discreet sedan.
Justin and Bella dressed themselves up in simple suits. Justin, with his build and grace, could pull off any outfit.
Bella, on the other hand, looked like a trustworthy government servant, especially without makeup.Family games
Even though her outfit did not stand out, Bella had the beauty and confidence to attract anyone.
That was her charm.
“Hey, don’t look at me like that.”
In the car, Bella got goosebumps from Justin staring long and hard at her. She scooted to the side. “You look like a perv.”
Unable to hold himself back, Justin held her waist and pulled her into his arms.
"You're such a flirt, Bella."
"I-I have done nothing of that sort." Mesmerized, Bella planted her hands on his chest.
"Your outfit is a nice tease."
As his eyes deepened and his heart raced, Justin pinched her chin to kiss her.
She wore nothing that was revealing. The monotonous black-and-white suit hugged her in all the right places.
"Don't, Justin. We're on official business. I'm not in the mood for anything else." Bella put her finger on his chin, feeling rather down. "I'm sorry, Bella."
Feeling bad, Justin sighed. "My bad. Now isn't the time or place."
"Uh-huh. You were so indifferent before. Now? You're horny." Bella pouted.
Justin smiled. "Do you want me to be the person I was?"
"Can you?"
"I can't."
Justin's breath caressed her ear as he pinched the back of her neck. "I can't go back to the ascetic lifestyle."
Bella bit her lip, blushing from her face to her ear.
lan slammed on the brakes as the black sedan pulled up in front of an old residential building.
###chapter1367
"This is the place, Mr. Salvador, Young Madam. This is Rachel Mead's home," lan said while looking around.
lan cfrom an upper-middle-class family. Although he did all the grind for Justin over the years, lan had never experienced the hard life of ordinary citizens. The absence of bodyguards also put him on edge.
However, Justin got out of the car with composure.
As it had been raining all morning, Justin stepped on a muddy puddle and stained his expensive handmade leather shoe. Still, he did not care.
He looked very much at home.
"Watch your feet, Mr. Salvador!" lan gave him a heads-up, but it was too late.
"It's okay," Justin responded nonchalantly.
Bella was about to get out of the car when her center of gravity suddenly shifted. She exclaimed and hung on to his neck in a panic.
Afraid of dirtying her shoes and pants, Justin carried her in his arms and said tenderly, "Why are you getting worked up? When did I ever drop you?" "Uh... You could've at least givena warning. That startled me." Seeing through him, Bella pounded his chest. "Besides, it's just a puddle. I had it tough when I was living abroad. I'm not fragile." "That's before. You havenow." Justin slowly put her down while steadying her waist.
Since Bella was in Justin's life, he wanted to pour all his love and attention into her.
"Why did you take the long way to get to Rachel's house first, lan?” Bella furrowed her brows in confusion. “The other girl lives closer. We could've gone there before heading here since it's on the way." "Um... The girl and her family refuse to meet with you and Mr. Salvador, Young Madam." Ian sighed.
"What's going on?" Justin frowned.
"It's okay. I get where they are coming from." Bella took Justin's hand, her eyes soft and determined. "We are not her parents. We can't experience what they are going through. The victim must not be in a good place now Anything can set her off. Even if our hearts are in the right place, they will avoid us like the plague. After what the Iversons did to them it's understandable why they can't accept us." Justin nodded pensively.
As the girls' parents did not cfrom privilege or wealth, the Iverson could easily crush them like a bug.
The parents had done all they could to protect their children.
With that in mind, the couple felt sad for the girls.
The theaded to the top floor.
The mottled walls, trash piled at the corner of stairwells, and unruly children made lan uncomfortable. He did not know where to put his arms or legs.
"Do you find it hard to accept?" Justin put his arm around Bella's shoulder with composure. "I lived with my mother in poverty before I was brought back to live with the Salvadors. I lived in worse conditions than here." "No, Mr. Salvador, I mean..." lan felt embarrassed.
"The living conditions did not matter. The most important thing is to be with loved ones. My hwas where my mother was. Tideview Manor bustling as it is, is not met my hafter my mother's passing. I miss the days when it was justand my mom." Feeling in the moment, Justin teared up and tightened his grip around Bella's waist. He said hoarsely, "At least I have Bella now. I finally have a hagain." Power and wealth meant nothing to Justin.
All Justin ever wanted was a hand the company of his loved ones.
###chapter1368
Bella looked up, her clear eyes meeting Justin's fervent gaze.
She understood him, and nothing more needed to be said.
The twalked to the top floor, past the narrow corridor, to the door of the last unit.
Before they could even knock on the door, an old lady with a cane wobbled in their way.
Their suits made the old lady shudder, and she stamped her cane on the ground. "W-Why are you here again? Do you think you can do whatever you want because only Rachel's mother is around? They said they wouldn't take you to court anymore. What more do you want? Are you trying to push them over the edge?" Justin and Bella exchanged glances. Enough was said for them to figure out what had happened.
The Iversons must have threatened Rachel and her mother. It was clear that the Iversons threw their weight around.
"No, ma'am. Please calm down. We are not with them. We are here to help Rachel and her mother." lan went up to explain, but instead of listening, the old lady swung her cane.
"Get lost! I've lived long enough on Earth. I'm not scared of your threats. I'll fight you! I watch Rachel grow up, so she's like a granddaughter to me. She's a nice and kind kid. I can't let you bully her. Get lost!" She waved her cane around wildly.
It was plain to see that the old lady would not hold back on them.
Unable to dodge the attack, lan took the hit and gasped in pain.
Justin was quick to snatch the cane from the old lady before the second wave of attacks.
"Don't hurt her, Justin!" Bella stopped him in a panic.
"We mean no harm, ma'am." Justin "We are here to help Ms. We are not with the people were here before. Plea Put down his arm and spoke trust us." The old lady sized Justin up before glancing at the beautiful woman next to him.
Justin and Bella were friendly and looked like good people. It was hard to associate them with the earlier group, who were ruthless and evil.
Amid the tension, the door to the Meads' hopened.
Standing closest to the door, Bella made eye contact with Rachel's mother.
"Who are you?" Rachel's mother stared at Bella warily and timidly.
"Hello, Mrs. Mead." Bella put her hands together and gave a nod. She spoke in a tender voice, "Don't be afraid. We are not bad people. We don't work for the Iverson Group. We have learned about the incident with Ms. Mead. We just want to seek justice for her." "You want to seek justice for my daughter?" Rachel's mother froze.
"Yes. The person who hurt her should pay for his crimes," Bella voiced gravely.
Rachel's mother was taken aback.
However, the pressure from the Iverson Group took a toll on her. She could not let her guard down. "Who are you people?" "I am... Bella Thompson." Bella was hesitant, not knowing how to introduce herself.
Her identity would put strain and distance on Rachel and her mother.
"Bella Thompson?" e Rachel's mother heaved heavily, her face contorting. "Are you the heiress of the richest man in Hatchbay? You are the one who treated Charles' legs." Bella said, "Mrs. Mead, I—" swn
###chapter1369
“Ha… You and Iverson are all the same. He must have sent you here to scam Rachel.”
“No, I—”
“You must be up to no good. You operated on the scumbag, and that makes you just as guilty as he is. Get lost! Don’t harass me and Rachel again!” Rachel’s mother glared and shouted angrily at Bella.
Before Rachel’s mother could slam the door, Bella reached her hands to grab the door frame anxiously. “Mrs. Mead, I’m really here to help Rachel. Please give me some time to explain.”
The furious mother grabbed a packet of opened laundry powder on the windowsill and threw it at Bella’s face.
Breaking out in a sweat, Bella could not shy away in time.
Suddenly, a powerful grip pulled her away, and she was enveloped by raw masculinity.
Bella could feel the firm grasp around her waist and Justin’s heavy breathing near her ear.
She was reeling from the shock when she heard a thud.
The packet of laundry powder hit the back of Justin’s head, and the powder sprayed all over his head, shoulders, and back. His black suit was ruined.
“M-Mr. Salvador, are you okay?” Turning white, Ian went to check on him.
With her heart racing, Bella shakily brushed off the powder on his head.
“I’m okay. All that matters is Bella’s safety.”
Seeing that Bella was perturbed, Justin curled his lips and held her cold hand. “Are you scared, Bella? You have become timid.”
“I was worried about you, dummy!”
Feeling sorry and angry, Bella slapped him on the chest. “Do you think I would only think about myself?”
Fortunately, Rachel’s mother simply threw a bag of laundry powder.
What if it was pots and pans? What if it was a brick? What if it was a knife?
How could she not be scared?
Justin grinned. He felt warm and cozy inside because of Bella's love and concern.
A thunderous slam was heard behind them.
The Meads' door was shut tight, leaving them out in the cold.
"Sigh. Mr. Salvador, Young Madam, I think we won't be achieving anything today. She won't even talk to us." Frustrated, Ian hung his head down in dejection.
"The timing is uncanny." Bella rubbed her temples. "We had hope, but since James revealed my surgery on Charles and tarnished my reputation, I must be no better than the Iversons in the Meads' eyes."
She smiled wryly. "Ha... Well, I can't say James tarnished my reputation because I did perform the surgery. I'm an accomplice."
"Don't say that, Bella."
Justin wrapped her in his arms and offered a consoling look. "You are a doctor, and your duty is to save lives. You were focused on helping your patient get better. You couldn't stop thinking about what would happen to others. Besides, your family was on good terms with the Iversons. You didn't know about Charles' true colors. I don't think you made the wrong choice, even if the public has a different opinion. It's not your fault."
"Even so, only we know the truth. What's the point? I don't care about my reputation, but my bad reputation impedes our plan from moving forward." Bella rested her forehead on Justin's shoulder, her voice reflecting frustration and dejection.
"It's okay. We'll take it one step at a time."
Justin ran his hand along her back and comforted her. "Don't give up. Be optimistic. Let's head back and see how else we can go about this."
...
Left without a choice, the trio returned to the villa.
It was evening when they arrived back.
The pair got out of the car hand-in-hand when a gentle and shy voice crept up from behind.
"Bella..."
###chapter1370
The pair turned back.
“Amelia?”
Bella widened her eyes in joy and let go of Justin’s hand. She ran to Amelia, who stood alone by the road, and gave her sister a warm hug.
“How long have you been waiting? Why didn’t you wait inside? Wilma is in the house. She recognizes you. Why did you wait here?”
“I’m sorry to come unannounced, Bella. Sorry to bother you and Justin.” Amelia’s fragile voice tugged on heartstrings.
“Don’t say that, silly girl. You have no idea how much I miss you.”
Bella rubbed Amelia’s face with a smile. “Justin just said two days ago about bringing us on a trip around the world after everything quiets down.”
Justin was taken aback at first, but he soon smiled to himself.
Amelia saw Justin as part of the family a long time ago, but when Bella included him in conversations, Justin was filled with overwhelming happiness.
Bella raised her brow cheekily. “He’s paying for the trip anyway. Justin has an unlimited Centurion card.”
Justin curled his lips dotingly.
Bella was generous to others at his expense.
Justin owned a Centurion card with a limitless balance, but Bella and her brothers had several to their names. Still, she wanted to spend his money. Bella was definitely about family, even keeping money in the family.
However, Justin would not change that for the world.
It was pointless to keep money in the bank. Money was supposed to be given to his wife anyway.
“Oh, I can’t possibly accept that.” Amelia blushed shyly.
“I’m serious. Don’t be shy about taking his money.”
Bella blinked. “You can have money saved up for your wedding with Steve. It’s only a matter of time before you tie the knot.”
Amelia pursed her lips worriedly.
"Huh? Are you alone? Didn't Steve come with you?" Bella asked in surprise.
"I didn't tell him that I would be here to meet you." Amelia looked like she had a lot on her mind.
Seeing that her mind weighed heavily on her, Justin said tenderly, "Bella, Amelia must have a lot to share with you. Let's head inside."
"Sigh. Look at me. I went on talking without inviting you inside."
Bella took Amelia's arm and entered the residence happily.
Wilma always had a soft spot for Amelia. She asked how she was doing and served her food and drinks.
Amelia held a cup of tea and sat with restraint on the sofa without taking a sip.
Justin's heart went out to Amelia. She was Wyatt's daughter too, but she received significantly less than Bella.
Even though her engagement to Charles was called off, Amelia had little say in many aspects of her life in the family.
The only one living such a carefree life was Bella.
"You don't look too good, Amelia. Are you sick?" Justin sat next to Bella and showed concern.
Amelia shrunk back and shook her head passively.
"Did you and Steve come across some sort of trouble, Amelia? Are the Lovetts giving you hell again? Or has Wyatt been nagging you again?" Bella took Amelia's hand.
"Bella... I'm worried about you."
Amelia said tearfully, "There are many mean comments about you. I feel so angry. I've been responding to them, but the comments just keep coming. I can't correct them all..."
"Oh, here I thought you were in trouble."
Not taking the issue to heart, Bella grinned and rubbed her sister's cold hand. "Silly girl. In a way, I have become famous. This sort of fame doesn't come every day. I should consider introducing KS Group's products. I can use the fame for something good."
###chapter1371
Justin wrapped his large hands around Bella’s waist, slowly tightening his grip. The corner of his lips gradually curled up, expressing the looks of a helpless man.
This woman’s thoughts were always out of the box. Being with Bella, he would probably never have a boring day.
Amelia said, “Bella… I know you are comforting me.”
Although Bella did not take it to heart, the overwhelming sense of guilt made Amelia’s eyes redden. “If it weren’t for me, you wouldn’t be involved, suffering from the Iverson family’s retaliation… It’s all my fault. I was too weak and foolish… That’s why things turned out like this.”
As Amelia spoke, crystal-clear tears fell down her cheeks, dropping on her trembling hands in a distressing splatter.
Bella gave her man a gesture.
Justin was startled. He quickly leaned toward the coffee table and grabbed a few tissue papers, handing them to Bella.
Bella was speechless. ‘What was he giving it to me for? I’m not the one crying. He should just hand it to Amelia directly.’
She wiped Amelia’s tears away, hesitated for a moment, and sighed with a heavy heart. “Amelia, it is me who should apologize. I could not demand justice for you or avenge you. Charles was still released.”
Her last few words were hoarse. Her voice was obviously choking up, and her eyelashes fluttered like butterfly wings.
As Amelia was present, Justin could only suppress his emotions, but the burning anger surging within his eyes, the veins bulging on his hand, and his tense muscles revealed his resentment. The chilling air surrounding him was as sharp as a drawn blade.
Amelia’s round and moist eyes widened, repeatedly shaking her head, “It’s enough. Bella, it’s really enough. Let this matter stop here! Don’t continue…”
“Stop here? Why should we stop here?”
Bella clenched her fists angrily, making a cracking sound. “Charles bullied you, injured Steven severely, and harmed so many innocent girls, letting them live in the shadows of humiliation, unable to speak out.
"The Iverson Group uses their wealth and power to suppress people. Afraid of their retaliation, the girls had to keep quiet to protect themselves and their family... I am their only hope now. If I don't protect and help them, who will?!
"I will pursue this matter to the end until Charles pays the price that I am satisfied with. I will confront the Iversons head-on. We'll see who is stronger!"
Bella has always been someone who would stop at nothing until she achieved her goal. Faced with such an inhumane monster, she wished she could rip him to pieces and shred his bones. How could she stop here?!
She would rather die roaring than live in silence. She wanted to protest!
"Bella, calm down. Don't get so agitated." Justin's hand landed on her heaving back, soothing her overwhelming fury.
"Bella... What do you mean?" Amelia was stunned, her expression blank. Her voice trembled. "The Iverson Group threatened those girls? How did you know?"
Justin was worried it would be a mental burden on Amelia, so he only briefly recounted what happened these days.
"So... Those girls who were willing to testify backed down because the Iverson Group pressured them?" Amelia's delicate face immediately lost its color.
"We visited one of the girls today, trying to persuade her to testify. We know they are afraid of the Iverson Group, so we wanted to back them up, hoping the Iverson Group would not dare to act recklessly. However... I was too naive. Our progress was not optimistic. Coupled with my damaged reputation, the girls' family was wary of me, refusing to meet me."
Bella gritted her teeth. "But I won't give up. I will think of another way. When a door closes, a window opens. I'll bring down Charles sooner or later!"
"I'll think of something too."
Justin calmed his breath, but his eyes reddened. "Even if we can't find a breakthrough in Charles' case, I will use other methods to make sure the Iverson Group never has a good day."
The living room suddenly fell into a heavy silence.
After a while, Amelia slowly raised her head. Her moist and red eyes sparkled with a determined light after washing away the fear and gloom.
"Bella, Justin, I am willing to testify against Charles."
###chapter1372
The couple were stunned, blurting out at the same time, “Amelia, what did you say?!”
Amelia’s expression was that of determination and resolution after throwing everything away. “Whether it’s going to the police station to give a statement or testifying in court when Charles stands trial, I’m willing to do so. As long as Charles can be punished by law and we can get justice for those girls, I can handle the pressure… No matter how great it is.”
The air seemed to freeze at this moment.
Amelia thought her idea would receive their strong support, but unexpectedly, Bella and Justin did not say a word.
“Although Charles did not manage to rape me, he had sexually assaulted me. Besides, my identity will definitely draw attention from society if I come forward to testify against him. The Iverson Group won’t be able to cover it up. At that time, no matter what, they will need to respond to the girls who have been violated by Charles. No matter how much the Iverson Group tries to protect him, they can’t do it due to the pressure!”
“But have you thought about the terrifying risks behind your actions?”
Bella’s brows furrowed deeply, her stern tone more intimidating than a parent's. “If you reveal yourself as a victim of Charles, it might let people with ulterior motives exploit the situation. They might even twist the facts, and it might go viral! By then, you and Aunt Celeste will be pushed into the limelight. Even if you can withstand the crushing pressure, can she?
“Moreover, your statement would only confirm that Charles attempted rape. He would still be released to harm other girls in a few years! We need to cut off the root cause. James will definitely try to slander you. How will you face it, then? How will Steven help and protect you? Do both of you want to entangle your lives with those two bastards from the Iverson family?”
Thinking of her mother and Steven, Amelia felt her heart twist with pain.
However, what caused her heart to ache more was that those girls had suffered at Charles’ hands.
Amelia was Wyatt’s daughter and had a powerful family supporting her, so she did not have to take matters into her own hands. Those girls were the ones truly experiencing a living hell, unable to do anything.
Bella took a deep breath, her calm and rational words carrying a hint of intimidation. “Besides, even if you testify, bringing down Charles won’t be that easy. Your idea might work for people like James, who cares about his reputation.
“But Charles’s reputation is in the drains. He is shameless and has no bottom line! Do you think you will cause him any real harm? As long as the Iverson family still stands, he will forever be a parasite. The uproar you cause will just be forgotten over time.
“As for those girls, your bravery and sacrifice might not sway their thoughts. They might choose to be silent. But that’s understandable. You still have us as your backing, but once they speak out, they have no one to protect them.”
Bella's piercing words were so cold and harsh that even Justin could not help but shudder.
He thought of the times when he confronted Bella in the business field but ended up losing to her, embarrassed.
Justin did not intentionally let her win. Bella was indeed capable, logical, meticulous, and decisive. Even a few men combined could not match her. He was utterly convinced.
The heartfelt words Bella said to Amelia all hit the mark.
Justin had considered a part of it, but he was definitely not as thorough as Bella.
"Bella... I understand what you mean. But if we don't gamble once, how could we turn things around?" Amelia asked anxiously.
"I can't let my sister gamble on everything!"
Bella suddenly stood up, her tone stern and irrefutable. "It's not just me. Justin, Aunt Celeste, and Steven would never let you do that, especially Steven. No man is willing to let the woman he loves become embroiled in turmoil. He was just set up by the Iverson family a few days ago. Do you guys not want any peaceful days? There's no room for negotiation. If you don't bring this up, I'll let you stay for dinner. If not, I'll ask Ian to send you home now."
"Bella!"
"Amelia, your plan is indeed too risky. Your sister is afraid you will be hurt."
Justin was worried the two sisters would get into a fight and immediately intervened. "Although her tone was stern, you should understand how much she cares about you."
Amelia stared at Bella's slender but imposing figure with tears in her eyes. Although Bella was thin, she felt like an insurmountable mountain was blocking her path.
In the past, Amelia would have given up timidly.
But this time, inexplicable courage surged within her, and she blurted out uncontrollably, "Bella, if I am not your sister, will you still stop me?"
###chapter1373
Her words immediately froze the atmosphere. 
Bella's eyes slightly widened, and a bitter, aggrieved feeling churned in her heart. "Amelia, what do you mean? Do you think I am someone who only cares about her family's safety and not the lives of others? Do you think I'm an egoist who only cares about what benefits me?" 
The two sisters were close from childhood, and it was the first time they got into a fight tonight. 
Justin's heart thumped nervously. He was caught in the middle and did not know what to say. He could only nudge Bella's shirt lightly. "Bella, how could Amelia possibly think that? Don't overthink it." 
"I'm overthinking? Then why doesn't she explain what she meant by that!" Bella pulled her shirt out of Justin's anxious palm. 
Justin's heart skipped a beat, and he pursed his thin lips bitterly. 
Bella could remain calm even if there was a storm of insults and ridicule from outsiders, but this time, he could see that she was genuinely angry. 
He knew what Bella hated most was being misunderstood by people close to her. It was agonizing for her. 
The tremendous amount of pressure on her mental state day after day drained her energy, and she finally could not hold back at this moment, exploding at her dearest little sister. "Bella, you still haven't answered my question." 
Unexpectedly, Amelia also had a stubborn personality. She slowly stood up and asked again, "If I'm not your sister, will you still stop me?" s?ah th? ?indN?vel.?et website on Ggl? to access chapters of novels early and in the highest quality.
"If your question was asked on the assumption that I'm a selfish person, I won't answer you." 
Bella tried her best to suppress her anger, telling Justin in a low voice, "Justin, prepare a car and send Amelia home." 
The two sisters parted on bad terms. 
After Amelia left, Bella went to the kitchen and opened the refrigerator, downing a bottle of iced water in one breath, trying to cool herself down physically. 
However, she still could not extinguish the irritation she felt in her heart. Her blood pressure was rising. 
She thought, 'What the hell! Ryan's method of cooling down was not useful at all. Let me try another bottle!' 
Just as Bella wanted to drink 
another bottle of iced water, Justin's muscular arm reached over he 
head, pressed against the 
rator, and slammed it shut. 
Bella raised her face and happened to meet Justin's deep and charming eyes. Suddenly, even her anger began to subside. 
"You're drinking iced drinks behind my back again." 
Justin frowned helplessly, his warm breath spraying on her nose, but his gaze was gentle and soft. "Youdove
iced too much. When will you 
make me feel at ease, hmm?" 
1.net 
"Forget drinking two bottles of iced water. Right now, I even feel like taking a plane and diving into the coldest sea in the world!" Bella pouted angrily, crossing her arms around her chest, and leaned against his solid chest. 
"I'll jump with you." Justin lowered his eyes, kissing her forehead. 
"Tsk... You're being cheesy again. I have no interest in joking around now." 
Bella turned around in his arms and was about to speak when his warm lips covered hers, swallowing her words. 
Their lips and tongues were entangled in a teasing and lingering kiss. 
Bella hooked her arm over Justin's neck, and her mind was slowly taken over by desire. The anger in her heart gradually dissipated. 
Their lips parted reluctantly. After all, they were about to suffocate if they continued kissing.
###chapter1374
"Hmm... Why did you suddenly kiss me? What if Wilma walks in on us? It's so embarrassing." Bella pursed her rosy lips. 
"I'm afraid you would jump off into a freezing sea, so I'm trying to cool you down." 
Justin's breath turned heavy, and his voice was hoarse. "How are you now? Feeling better?" 
"I'm alright... But I still feel wronged and suffocated." Bella's chest tightened. She sniffed as her eyes teared up. 
Seeing her pitiful expression, Justin's heart softened. 
He took Bella's flushed face into his hands, feeling the warmth that belonged to her on his palms. "Look how angry you are. Your face feels like it's burning. It's not worth it for you sisters to fight over the Iverson family. Calm down, okay?" 
"How could I bear to be angry with Amelia?" 
Bella's eyelashes were cast down sullenly. "I'm more angry with myself. I didn't get to crush Charles with one strike, and I gave him a chance to breathe. Who could I blame other than myself?" Justin frowned in distress. "Bella, don't say that. It has nothing to do with you." 
"Amelia said I was selfish... Yes, indeed. I want to get justice for those innocent girls, but I also want to protect my family. Amelia has been shielded too well by Wyatt and Aunt Celeste since she was young. Even when as an adult, Amelia hasn't really experienced the darkness of the world and the cruelty of humans. She is from the Thompson family. Her highborn status could help her, but it could also ruin her." Bella panted heavily, feeling as if her heart was pinched by sharp forceps, causing excruciating pain.
"She didn't consider it, but I remember that she always had a dream of becoming an actress. If she wants to go into acting, this attempted rape incident would become a mark of humiliation that she could never wash away. When her name comes up, people will only think of this matter. Her name will be tied to Charles. 
"How will she survive in the entertainment field? How will she hold her head up high? Words can kill. Charles is dead and gone, but she will be pointed at for the rest of her life!" 
"Bella, I understand your concern. But Amelia is our sister. With us protecting her, who would dare to target her?" Justin comforted her with a soft whisper. 
Bella's red eyes shone with tears, 
and she shook her head in worry. "Aunt Celeste has Wyatt protecting her, but before Shannon went down in ruins, she still lived in the 
shadows of her trauma. I don't want Amelia to become like that 
"I know the situation is not the same. Aunt Celeste was set up, and Amelia was a victim. Girls who faced this situation and are willing to come forward to testify are already courageous. I'm proud of Amelia for having such determination, 
belongs to .net S 
we come 
"But how much pressure will she shoulder behind that courage? So many eyes are on the Thompson family, and Amelia still wants to live under the spotlight... I don't want her to regret the choice she made today out of impulse."
"Bella, as her sister, you worry like her mother instead." Justin pulled her into an embrace, holding her tightly. 
"Justin... I know I am too greedy." 
Bella rested her face on Justin's 
пек 
broad shoulders, choking up. "I always want a perfect plan, hoping that everyone will be happy... I want to protect the people around me. But I realized that I am only an ordinary human. I can only do this much..." S?ah th? Find el.n?t website on Ggl? to access chapters of novels early and in the highest quality. 
"It's great that you admit you're an ordinary human." 
Justin sighed, joking around to help her relax. "I've always thought I was dating a goddess. Now that I know you are human, I'm relieved." 
Bella was speechless. 
"Bella, you've already done a good job. I couldn't even compare to a strand of your hair." 
"Tsk! Mr. Salvador, it's out of character for you to flatter someone else." Bella narrowed her eyes. 
Justin replied in a husky voice, "In front of you, I only have one identity-your lover." 
The defense around Bella's tough will immediately broke, and all kinds of emotions surged within. A lump formed in her throat, and tears fell from her eyes.
Justin panicked, hurriedly wiping her tears as Bella punched his chest while sobbing. "It's your fault... Why did you turn emotional for no reason? You made me cry!"
###chapter1375
"Good. Crying it out is better than keeping it to yourself." 
Justin pinched her wet cheeks. "Both of you should calm down tonight. Tomorrow, we'll make time to see Amelia to have another talk. We will think of a suitable plan." 
Even if the whole world did not understand Bella's consideration and efforts, he would. 
Bella, who had become a crybaby, rubbed her eyes and whined, "I'm hungry. Cook something for me." 
Justin placed his right hand into a fist on his chest and his left hand behind his back, transforming into a handsome and graceful butler. 
"As you wish, my lady." 
The next day, Justin and Bella returned to Hatchbay to look for Amelia. 
However, they received the news that Amelia had not come home at all. Instead, she contacted Celeste, saying she had urgent business to deal with at her university and would be staying at the dorm for a couple of days. 
Bella and Justin looked at each other, confused. 
Amelia had already graduated and moved her belongings back home. They could not figure out what urgent business required her to stay at the dorms. 
"Bella, what's up with Amelia? Did anything happen?" Celeste asked nervously. 
"It's nothing, Aunt Celeste. Justin and I wanted to take Amelia on a trip to relax, but we didn't expect her to be busy with something else." Bella did not want Celeste to worry, so she brushed it off. "Bella, if you could spare some time to take Amelia on a trip, I'd really appreciate it."
Celeste's concern was visible on her face. "Since Charles was released, Amelia has been losing sleep over the past few days, and she doesn't eat much. Although she said she's fine, I know that she must be suffering inside." S~?ah the F?ndN?vel.?et website on Ggl? to access chapters of novels early and in the highest quality. 
Upon hearing it, Bella felt more guilty and regretful for saying those harsh words to Amelia yesterday. 
net 
Under the disguise of her calm expression, Amelia was enduring unprecedented suffering. As a victim, she needed comfort and protection more than anyone else, but she worried about Bella's situation instead. She was considerate that it was 
Pol 
W 
heartbreaking. 
.net 
"Bella, if you see Amelia, please talk to her for me. Don't let that child be stuck in a deadlock." 
Celeste's tone was gentle and tinged with helplessness. "The past is in the past. We are alive, so we need to look forward." 
It was already evening when they left Yara Park. 
Bella felt inexplicably heavy, and she pulled out her phone to call Amelia. 
However, the call was cut off after a few rings.
"Amelia... Why would she hang up on me?" Looking at the darkened screen, Bella felt a sudden panic. 
"Perhaps something else came up," Justin reassured. 
"Impossible. Amelia would only ignore my calls if there was something. She never hangs up on me. This has never happened before." 
The more Bella thought about it, the 
more anxious she became. She 
ne 
grabbed Justin's arms and said "Justin, I'm scared. Could something have happened?" 
"If you're worried, we will return to Savrow now. I'll ask lan to check out Amelia's campus first." 
Before Justin's voice fell, Bella received a call from Steven. 
"Ms. Bella! Can you help me contact Amelia?" 
Steven's voice was hoarse and anxious, as if he were on fire. 
last night, I've called her mul Simet 
times, but she didn't pick up once!"
###chapter1376
At this moment, in Savrow, Amelia stood alone in front of the police station in the east district of Savrow, gritting her teeth as she walked in. "Young lady, are you here to report a case?" A female police officer greeted her. 
Amelia nodded, asking softly, "Is Captain Ralph here?" 
Ralph was swamped with work for two days and slept soundly in the duty room. 
After hearing that Amelia was here to find him, he immediately jumped up and went to see her. 
In his office, Amelia sat facing Ralph, fiddling with her fingers until her knuckles were red. 
"Amelia, you suddenly came here to find me. Did something happen?" Ralph carefully observed her, but his tone was full of concern. 
Ralph and Amelia had different mothers. Amelia was naturally timid and always followed behind Bella since she was a child, hidden in Bella's shadows. Even so, Ralph never showed favoritism and treated both his sisters the same. 
Whenever he returned from an overseas business trip, he would bring the same gifts for Bella and Amelia. However, as they grew older, they spent less time together. Amelia was a timid and introverted girl who would not take the initiative to contact her brothers, like Bella did. Therefore, they were not as close on the surface. 
But whether it was Bella or Amelia, they were both his sisters. His level of love for them was the same. 
After a long silence, Amelia slowly raised her eyes, looking into Ralph's sharp gaze. 
"Ralph, I want to come forward as a victim to testify against Charles' sexual assault."
Ralph's pupils contracted. "Amelia, what did you say?" 
"I want to sue Charles for sexual assault." When Amelia said it out loud, her heart felt as if it was bleeding. Ralph pursed his lips tightly. 
He was an outstanding policeman, with enough professional investigative skills and solid mental fortitude. But when the incident happened to his family, he had to be extremely careful, even though he wanted to bring that animal, Charles, to justice more than anyone else. 
"Amelia, did you tell Aunt Celeste about this? What about Bella? Does she know?" 
Amelia shook her head, her voice solemn. "Ralph, if I told them, do you think I could still come here to find you? To be honest, I went to see Bella and Justin last night and told them my plan, but they strongly opposed it." 
Ralph's eyelashes fluttered, and he said heavily, "They didn't let you do this because they're afraid that you will get hurt. You are also my sister. I care for you the same as they do. Do you think I would agree to let you do this?" 
"You will." 
Amelia's eyes shone with starlight, filled with determination and trust in him. "Because you are a police officer. You will be impartial and uphold the law. You will catch the criminal at any cost and bring justice to the victim!" 
Ralph's heart thumped rapidly, and the blood in his veins boiled. 
But soon, his rationality took over, and he sighed heavily. "Amelia, I am genuinely proud that you are willing to come forward bravely to stand against evil. However, it's been a while since your incident, and
there might not be enough evidence. Besides, what Charles did to you was only an attempt. He did not cause any penetration, so the 
possibility of sentencing him is still 
low." 
.net 
Amelia's brows furrowed, and her breath hitched. 
"I've been in charge of a few rape cases before, but due to the complex relationship between the victim and the suspect, obtaining evidence is much harder." 
Ralph gritted his teeth indignantly. 
"Coupled with the pressure from the Iverson family, the victims do not dare to speak the truth. It puts us in a passive position. Amelia, I don't want to rain on your parade, but even if you testify, it won't cause much of a stir in the case. If anything, it may even backfire. Bella and Justin must have thought of this. That's why they stopped you, so don't blame them. They were only trying to protect you." 
The office fell into a suffocating silence. 
"Ralph, then how can we deal a heavy blow to Charles? Are we really helpless against him?!" Amelia asked with anxious eyes. 
"I'll arrange for someone to talk to the victim and their family tomorrow. I'll tell them that the investigation process will not be made public, and the police will do everything to ensure their safety. Let me record your statement first."
Ralph was about to stand up, but Amelia grabbed his arm. "What are the chances of success? Bella and Justin had visited those two girls yesterday, but it didn't go well. Even they could not persuade those girls. Can you?" 
Ralph understood that Amelia was not questioning the police's capability. She was merely speaking impulsively out of anxiety. 
He never boasted or made empty promises to comfort people. He spoke honestly. "To be frank, the chances aren't high, but if we don't even try, there will be no chance of winning. Our biggest problem now is that the heat of this incident is passing, and the Iverson Group is deteting posts and comments frantically. Without the attention of the media and the public, the victims won't have the courage to speak out. If we cause a huge commotion on the Internet, it'll encourage the victims and put enormous pressure on the Iverson family." 
"A huge commotion?" Amelia's eyes widened. 
"Amelia, many things are not as simple as you think." 
Ralph patted her thin shoulder, his distressed gaze landing on her clear eyes. "You are Wyatt's daughter, yet those bastards dared to target you. Other girls are only meat on chopping blocks against a powerful s?ah th? Find el.n?t website on Ggl? to access chapters of novels early and in the highest quality. 
conglomerate. After I take your statement, go home and wait for my news."
###chapter1377
The city was illuminated by the night lights. After Bella and Justin met up with Steven, they rushed back to Savrow at top speed. 
On the way, Steven kept trying to call Amelia, but in the end, her phone was turned off instead. 
"Amelia... Why won't you pick up my call? Amelia!" Steven was frantic, murmuring to himself in a daze. S~?ah the Find?ovel.?et website on Ggl? to access chapters of novels early and in the highest quality. 
"Steven, don't be nervous." 
Justin looked at Steven's reddened eyes through the rearview mirror, saying gently, "I've sent lan to look for her at her campus, and we'll reach Savrow in half an hour. We'll drive straight to the Savrow Film Academy." 
Bella gripped the hem of her shirt tightly, her bare forehead already covered with cold sweat. She managed to force out, "Justin, I feel so regretful now. I shouldn't have lost my temper at Amelia." "Bella, don't say that." 
Justin quickly pulled her into his arms, hugging her tightly. "Amelia is not such an unreasonable girl. Besides, you grew up together. How could she not understand how much you care about her? She must know you are looking out for her." 
"But Justin... I'm still so scared." 
"Don't be. I'm here. We'll find Amelia together." Justin patted her, feeling a little complicated. 
On one hand, he was worried about Amelia, who was suddenly unreachable. On the other hand, he enjoyed the feeling of Bella relying on and needing him, clinging to him softly.
Even though he knew that Bella was more formidable than a few men combined, he still looked forward to her occasionally relying on him, even just for a little. 
He could totally be the man behind Bella's success, quietly supporting her behind the scenes. 
Justin did not care about how others would look at him. He only hoped to be useful to her, showing his worth as a man. 
To prevent being too eye-catching, the luxury car stopped at the back gate of Savrow Film Academy. 
Soon, lan ran out with a head full of sweat. 
"Mr. Salvador, Young Madam! We searched the entire campus and asked the dormitory supervisor. She personally went to check on Amelia's dorm but didn't find her." 
Their hearts sank. 
"Besides... I've also checked the surveillance cameras around the campus. There's no sign of Amelia at all!" 
In other words, Amelia lied. She never returned to the campus. 
The severity of this matter immediately escalated. 
"Ms. Bella, let's call the police!" Steven could not hold back his emotions anymore. His voice was trembling. 
"But... Isn't there a 24-hour wait time?!" lan was also sitting on needles. 
Bella frowned deeply and immediately took out her phone, dialing Ralph's number. 
"Bella, what's up?"
"Ralph! Amelia lost contact with us She 
conte ignored our calls or cut off 
contact. Can you check where she 
is?" Bella could not care less as she was worried about her sister. 
"Lost contact? How could it be?" 
Ralph was startled, making an untimely joke, "Then who is the girl I met two hours ago? Not a ghost, right?" 
Bella was surprised. "You met Amelia?!" 
"Yeah, Amelia came to look for me at the station." 
Ralph hesitated but still decided to tell them. "Bella, Amelia came to me to report a case, accusing Charles of attempted rape." 
"What?! Why didn't you say so earlier?!" Bella felt her vision turn black. 
Justin and Steven heard it too, especially Steven, who clenched his fists nervously as if he were holding his pounding heart in his palms. "Bella, calm down!" 
"How could calm down? Did you just let her report a case? What if this matter got out? What if the media starts speculating wildly, or what if someone else exploits the situation?!" Bella was fuming. 
"Don't worry. I handled everything when Amelia came to report a case. I only talked to her for a while and let her leave after taking her statement. That was two hours ago. As for her being missing, that's
probably not the case. It's only been a while. Her phone battery might just be dead." Ralph hurriedly comforted Bella and remained optimistic.
###chapter1378
"Ralph, you are truly optimistic!" Bella lamented, rubbing her temples. Justin's jawline tensed. 
His mind spun, contemplating what to do next as several female students walked out of the back gate, holding their phones and chatting loudly. Their mocking comments pierced through the air. 
"OMG, did I see this correctly?! Isn't Amelia Thompson from Performing Arts? She's going live now and accusing Charles Iverson of raping her!" 
Those words were like a thunderbolt that struck Bella, Justin, and Steven on their heads. 
Steven's face immediately turned pale and drained of color as his body trembled and staggered backward. 
"Amelia was already a famous campus beauty at our academy, stealing all the limelight. How many days have passed since she graduated? Perhaps she couldn't stand the loneliness and wanted to gain attention." 
"Oh, she's clever! When she gathers enough attention and becomes a famous influencer, she can start earning money with her fame. She might even catch the eye of a producer and jump straight into the movie industry! It's called a shortcut, don't you understand?" 
"Hmph! Shortcut? I think she's biting off more than she can chew. She's playing with fire and will end up burning herself!" 
One of the girls with wavy hair did not hide her envy and disdain for Amelia. Her mouth curled into a hideous sneer. "She should look at her lowly self in the mirror. How dare she try to slander the second heir of the Iverson Group? Isn't she just begging for attention, live-streaming at this time to say Charles raped her?" 
"What? Does she even want this type of attention? How shameless!"
"Exactly. Has she gone mad for fame? Reputation and virtue are so important to girls. Has she no shame?" 
The wavy-haired girl sneered. "Negative attention is still attention, and it's the quickest way to become famous. But why did Amelia have to choose the Iverson family's second son? Isn't she provoking the Iversons by speaking of this in a livestream? Won't the Iverson family retaliate? Tsk! What a bitch. She really doesn't know her place!" 
Another girl mocked Amelia. "In my opinion, even if Amelia and Charles had sex, she must've offered herself to him. Perhaps Charles didn't pay her enough, so now she's venting on the livestream! Haha!” Their laughter and insults were unbearable to hear. 
"Fuck! These gossiping women are full of shit! How dare they speak of Ms. Amelia like this!" lan cracked his fists. 
Justin frowned, his dark eyes surging with suppressed rage as if a storm were brewing. 
Steven's eyes were already bloodshot with intense rage and hatred. Although he faced a group of female students, he could no longer restrain himself. His muscles bulged underneath his suit, and the veins on his fists looked as if they were about to burst. 
Just as the two men were about to act, a figure shot through like a flash of lightning, faster than their reactions. Sharp, high heels clicked fiercely on the ground, walking straight toward those girls. 
The girls were still laughing when 
they looked up and saw Bella 
vel.net 
standing before them without,
expression. Her imposing aura 
immediately silenced them. S 
"You... You are..." 
Smack! 
Bella raised her slender arm and swung with full force, landing consecutive slaps on the girl, who said Amelia had offered herself to Charles. 
The girl was stunned for a few seconds before she burst out in sobs from the pain. s?ah th? ?indN?vel.?et website on Ggl? to access chapters of novels early and in the highest quality. 
The other girls were dumbfounded. Everything happened so fast that their minds had not processed it. 
The wavy-haired girl quickly came to her senses, backing up and intending to run. 
However, Bella reacted faster, grabbing the girl's hair and pulling her back like a rabbit. "Ah! Let me go... Let me go!" 
The wavy-haired girl felt as if her scalp was about to be torn off. She 
was forced to turn her face, and P 
she 
was met with four slaps before she could even steady herself. S 
Her ears buzzed, and stars spun before her eyes.
The other girls huddled together and shuddered, shocked by the brutality and speed of the attack. Although it was merely a slap, they felt as if this beautiful woman was trying to beat them to death. Bella's eyes were cold as she suddenly released her grip. 
The wavy-haired girl immediately staggered back into the iron gate, collapsing on the ground. 
"Is... Is that... Bella Thompson?" 
"I think so... She looks like her..." 
"How could it be her? How..." 
Bella patted her reddened hand gracefully. She glared at that foul-mouthed girl and curled her red lips. "Let me introduce myself. I am Bella Thompson, sister of Amelia Thompson, whom you regarded as the bitch who doesn't know her place."
###chapter1379
Bella Thompson was Amelia's sister?! 
The few girls' mouths hung open, dumbfounded. The one crying stopped, as she was too shocked to shed tears. 
Sitting on the ground, the wavy-haired girl shuddered, covering her swollen face with her hands. Her legs shook as she kicked the ground, trying to push herself back, but there was nowhere to retreat. Although Amelia's last name was also Thompson, she usually kept a low profile and lived like an ordinary girl. Who would have thought that Amelia was, in fact, the daughter of the wealthiest man in Hatchbay?! 
The three men watched the scene with different expressions, but they all admired Bella's actions. 
Steven had been prepared to abandon his gentlemanly demeanor to teach these foul-mouthed gossiping women a lesson. But unexpectedly, Bella had decisively disciplined them in matters of human decency. Justin's clenched fists relaxed. He stared at Bella's proud figure without blinking, his thin lips curling up. 
However, he still harbored some dissatisfaction toward himself for having a slower reaction. 
"Weren't you happily yapping just now? Why have you gone mute all of a sudden?" 
Bella smiled coldly, leaning down and looking into the wavy-haired girl's eyes. "You're still young and have much to learn. You have such a foul mouth." 
"Quick... Record it! Record it! Bella Thompson laid a hand on innocent students!" The girl risked it all and yelled defiantly, trying to act like a helpless victim and turn the tables on Bella by taking the moral high ground.
The girls held their phones, but Bella's dominant and pressuring presence made them flustered. No one dared to press record. 
"Tsk! Do you think I'll be scared? My name is already notorious. I don't mind adding you to the list." 
Bella smiled smugly, carrying a hint of unabashed mischievousness, which was stunningly beautiful. "If you don't even dare to offend the Iverson family, can you offend the Thompson family? Do you believe I'll crush your dreams of entering the entertainment industry before you even step out of these gates?" 
The wavy-haired girl's expression turned stiff and frozen, while the other girls quickly put away their phones. They were terrified this time. 
Bella crossed her arms, shaking her head as she tutted, "I've lived for 25 years, but you guys really taught me something. You'd do the victim-blaming and speak up for a corrupt and wicked rapist. Your academy must accept all kinds of immoral students, huh? 
"These few slaps will serve as your tuition fees for speaking without your brains. I have eyes and ears af over Savrow. If I hear you say anything disrespectful about my sister again, it won't be as simple as 
el.n S~?ah the ?indN?vel.?et website on Ggl? to access chapters of novels early and in the highest quality. 
a few slaps next time. Now, scram!" 
Bella roared, and the other girls helped the wavy-haired girl to her feet while shuddering and scurrying away. 
Justin strode to Bella's side, holding her trembling shoulder with his right arm. He carefully held her hand and blew softly on her palm.
The burning sting on Bella's palm eased a little, but the anger in her chest was difficult to extinguish. 
"Damn it... How dare they talk about Amelia like that! Slapping them a few times was too easy!" 
"But my Bella was never a ruthless and cruel woman. No matter how mad you are, you would let them off with a minor punishment." 
Justin tightened his grip on her round shoulder, his gaze darkening. "But for things you can't do, I can do them for you. No matter what it is." "It's just a few stupid girls. You don't need to."
###chapter1380
Bella gasped for breath, feeling anxious. "The most important thing now is to find Amelia. That brat has gone mad. How could she expose it on a live stream? She's pushing herself into the abyss!" Justin's heart tightened. 
Nobody, other than Bella and Justin, understood what it felt like to be thrust into the spotlight, where one misstep would lead to a devastating fall. 
"Ms. Bella!" 
Steven ran to them, his voice hoarse from the fire of anxiety in his chest. "Amelia is still live streaming! There are already over two million viewers! Why... Why would she want to expose that incident? What did Ralph tell her?!" 
Bella's eyes widened as she stared at the screen. Amelia sat upright in front of the camera, her expression pale but stern, and her clear eyes shone with a fearless light. Bella felt as if her heart was brutally squeezed, spasming from the agony. 
The comment section renewed at a speed that her eyes could not follow, but when she swept through it, it was full of criticism and hatred. 
[Does attention-seeking have no limits now? How could she use such a serious accusation for hype?!] 
[I recognize her. She's the prettiest girl at Savrow Film Academy. She must want to use Charles for fame.] 
[The prettiest girl at Savrow Film Academy is from the Thompson family? She almost got raped by Charles Iverson?! What kind of soap opera is this? She's making it up, right?] 
[Girl, if what you said is real, I hope it's fake. If what you said is fake, I hope you get gang raped by ten Iversons!]
[Exactly. You said you were raped by Charles, but do you have evidence? Do you have any videos? Can I watch it for free?] s?ah th? (F)indN?v?l.?et website on Ggl? to access chapters of novels early and in the highest quality. 
Their words were like knives, carrying silent mockery. 
"What should we do, Ms. Bella? What should we do now?!" 
hish 
Steven's eyes were bloodshot from anger, but his heart wrenched in pain. "Can we make Amelia stop? Can we stop the livestream? Amelia is timid. No one is there to support and accompany her... When she sees those comments, I'm afraid she will break down mentally." 
Even at this moment, he did not say a word of blame to his beloved girl. He only wished to find her as soon as possible and be there for her. 
"Steven, calm down. At the very least, we know Amelia is not missing and is safe now." 
At critical times, Justin was calm and steady. "The live stream had already progressed to this point, so we can't cut it off abruptly. That would only cause wild speculations from the public and bring fiercer personal attacks on Amelia." 
Bella's breath was heavy, feeling as if the air around her had thinned, and her fingers trembled, curling in Justin's hand. 
Justin gently rubbed her shoulder with a deep gaze. "Since Amelia chose to make it public, it means she has endured it for a long time and has too much to say. Why not let her speak her mind freely? It's better than keeping it all inside. In the worst case, she still has us. Those monsters can't hurt her."
Steven's dry lips pressed tightly together, and he looked at Justin with a teary gaze full of gratitude. 
At this time, Amelia's sweet voice 
said, "Whether you believe it or not, I'm sitting here today to speak out not only for myself but also for 
el.ne 
those girls who were violated by 
Charles. They are trapped in despair and can't seek justice for themselves." 
S?arch the .net website on Ggl? to access chapters of novels early and in the highest quality.
###chapter1381
Amelia tried to hold back her tears, but she still choked up. "I am a fortunate one among the victims, but I refuse to stand by and watch indifferently. If no one speaks for me, then I'll speak for myself. If no one steps up, I'll stand up for them. 
"I'm not some courageous fighter for justice, but even if knives and swords came at me, I wouldn't just stand by and watch that bastard Charles trample on these girls' innocence and pride while still enjoying his life!" 
Bella teared up when she heard this, her hot tears falling on the phone screen. 
She blamed herself deeply, feeling guilty that her usually clever self had been so narrow-minded and short-sighted. 
At the same time, she felt extremely proud of her sister for being able to step forward bravely, unafraid of what people might say. 
Steven also turned over, his broad shoulders trembling with suppressed emotions as he raised his hand and wiped his tears silently. 
"Bella, Amelia has really grown up. She's not the little girl who needs your protection anymore." Justin let out a long sigh, feeling distressed, but even more so, he was relieved. 
Bella finally smiled. "Yes. In the future, our Thompson family will have another female warrior." 
The place Amelia chose to stream from was in one of the guest rooms in the KS World Hotel, managed by her sister. 
After shutting off her laptop, she sat in the dark alone, lost in thought for a long time.
When she live-streamed, she saw all those malicious comments. In the past, she was timid and fearful, probably falling into the spiral of online speculation. 
But now, she felt absurdly calm, and her expression even showed a hint of unprecedented relief. 
The biggest trauma she had was not 
ne 
being violated by Charles; it was seeing that evil bastard continue to live freely under the Iverson Group's protection without paying the price. 
At this time, someone knocked on the door. 
Amelia snapped out of her complicated emotions. She straightened her stiffened body and went to open the door. 
When the door opened, her vision blurred. Before she could see the person standing at the door, she was pulled into a passionate embrace, seemingly trying to squeeze her to death. "Amelia... You foolish girl. Why didn't you tell me about this? Do you know how worried I was?" 
Listening to the hoarse and 
affectionate murmurs from Steven, 
Amelia instantly broke down 
tears "Steven... I'm sorry. I shouldn't S?a?*?h the (?ind)vel.n?t website on Ggl? to access chapters of novels early and in the highest quality. 
have kept it from you... It's my fault."
"It's not your fault. You did very, very well." 
Steven's warm and trembling lips lightly brushed against the flushing tip of her ears, his deep and hoarse voice filled with admiration for her and even burning respect. "Tonight, you were so cool that it made me ashamed of myself. 
"My dear Amelia, I'm willing to bow by your feet for the rest of my life." 
Amelia, who had never heard this type of sweet talk, was stunned for a while. Then she bit her lips shyly, a shade of red creeping onto her face, and her heart thumped fiercely. 
She longed to be loved, but she never dared to hope for admiration from her loved ones. 
Seeing that the couple had had enough time to themselves, Bella and Justin walked over.
###chapter1382
"Bella, Justin..." 
Amelia was nestled in Steven's arms, her voice weakening, and her head hung low with guilt. 
Bella acted angry, showing a stern face. "Amelia, you've grown up, having learned how to act first and tell us later." 
"Ahem... Bella, Amelia never told us anything." Justin blinked and said, "It was you who noticed that the layout of the livestream room looked similar to your hotel. Then, you called the front desk to retrieve the check-in information to confirm that Amelia was here, right?" 
"So what? Should I let her off?" Bella glared at him with a sharp gaze. 
Justin, the president of Salvador Corporation, immediately held his breath and became silent. 
What else could he do? He had to listen and obey his wife's words. His authority was non-existent in front of Bella. 
"Bella, I'm sorry... I know I'm at fault." 
Amelia sniffed, her nose turning red. However, she still gathered her courage and said in a determined tone, "But even if you resent me, I will not regret what I chose to do today. Bella, do you know that I've not felt so triumphant in a long time? 
"I feel as if... I am doing something very important-something right. You've told me since I was a kid that you want to become a heroine and seek justice for the world. What I did today was like fulfilling your wish for you. Besides, aren't I standing before you safely now? Even if there's danger, Steven will protect me." s?ah th? F?ndN?vel.?et website on Ggl? to access chapters of novels early and in the highest quality.
Steven looked into Amelia's clear eyes. His love and affection were as deep as the ocean. 
Bella wanted to keep up the act, but after listening to these heartfelt words, she could not hold it back anymore and finally laughed. 
"Who said anything about you being wrong?" 
Amelia's eyes flickered with joy. "Bella! You... You're not mad at me anymore?" 
"I'm mad at you because you switched off your phone and went off the grid!" 
e 
Bella placed a hand on her waist and huffed. "Hmph Are you trying to scare us to death? Do you know that during the few hours you were missing the horror stories flashing through my mind were enough to make up a criminal documentary? Murder, dismemberment, kidnapping, psychotic perverts-I've run through them all!" 
Justin and Steven were speechless. 
Amelia's delicate brows furrowed as she chuckled. "Bella, you have such a wild imagination. Nothing has happened to me, yet you were scaring yourself senseless. Don't let your imagination run wild. You used to have trouble falling asleep after watching a horror movie. Then you would climb into my bed and cling to me while trembling. Have you forgotten? If you think about so many scary things, you won't be able to sleep tonight." 
Bella's face immediately flushed with embarrassment. She stammered, "Who... Who trembled? I didn't." 
Upon hearing it, Justin's eyes darkened, and his breath landing on Bella's smooth hair turned heavy.
It turned out that she had something she was afraid of too. 
He would have to make sure lan downloaded more horror movies in the future. There would be new creative plays to explore during their intimate moments. 
Just as the atmosphere relaxed, Bella's phone rang. 
"Oh damn... It's Wyatt."
###chapter1383
Amelia still looked like a brave female warrior a second ago, but upon seeing her father's call, she immediately wilted and lowered her head. "Amelia, don't be scared." 
Steven hugged her tightly, staring at her with a deeply affectionate gaze. "I'm with you. I'll go back with you. If Chairman Thompson scolds you because of this, I'll definitely shield you." "How... How will you do it? Dad can be very scary when he's mad," Amelia murmured, feeling nervous. 
Steven chuckled softly by her ear. "I'll say... Father-in-law, come at me if you need to vent your anger. Don't damage your relationship with your daughter." 
Amelia's heart skipped a beat as if an electric current had spread through her body, numbing her. Her face was tinged with a shade of red, like a blooming rose. Steven could not look away. The young couple had the same plan, but Bella was worried. 
She was not afraid of Wyatt, but she feared Wyatt would blame Amelia or ground her, making the days harder for these lovebirds. 
Wyatt's calls were relentless. 
Justin naturally understood Bella's concerns. He said seriously, "Bella, if it's hard for you, I'll talk to Chairman Thompson." 
"You?" Bella blinked. "What are you going to say?" 
Justin pretended to think, his lips curling up. His gaze was gentle and genuine, imitating Steven's. "I'll say that it was all my idea and has nothing to do with you, Amelia, or Steven. He can direct his anger at me and hit me, but don't..." 
"Stop! Why are you adding to the trouble?"
Bella pouted angrily, poking his solid chest muscles fiercely. "Steven is trying to get Wyatt to sympathize, but if you say the same thing, you'd be getting ahead of yourself. Don't you want to be with me without so many obstacles?" 
Seeing that Bella was mad, Justin panicked. He quickly grabbed her hand and pressed it against his chest. "I was wrong. I was just joking." 
But he did not think it was a joke at all. 
His main ive in life was to marry Bella and become Wyatt's son-in-law. Everything else could take a back seat. 
Bella calmed herself, rehearsed her words, and picked up the call. 
"Dad." 
"Is Amelia with you?" Wyatt immediately asked straightforwardly. 
"Yeah." Bella's heart was pounding. 
"Get her to answer the phone." Wyatt's gruff voice revealed a sense of urgency. 
Bella took a deep breath, and her expression turned solemn. "Dad, since things have come to this point, it's pointless for you to blame Amelia, Rather than throwing a tantrum now, we should think of how to salvage the situation." 
Wyatt angrily rolled his eyes on the 
the other end of the phone. "Tsk! Bella, 
are ind? Am I such a
your eyes that I can't decide 
more important?" 
Bella raised a brow, thinking to herself, 'Tsk, at least he's self-aware.' 
Wyatt's voice was loud, so Justin and the others heard him clearly. S?a?*?h the FindNl.n?t website on Ggl? to access chapters of novels early and in the highest quality. 
Amelia knew her sister was taking the brunt of this for her, and she felt guilty. 
Just as she wanted to take the phone, Wyatt sighed heavily. "Do you think your plan will work? I know you are at the KS World Hotel in Sayrow. With my temper, if I'm truly enraged, I would have Amelia bound and dragged back to Yara Park by now." 
The word bound was emphasized, causing Steven's heart to tighten. He held Amelia closer in his arms. 
Justin quietly thought that Bella and Wyatt were indeed father and daughter. They had the same type of roguish behavior when they were provoked. 
Wyatt's tone turned gentle. "I called because I don't mean to blame Amelia. Quick, I'm worried. I want to hear my daughter's voice." 
Bella's pupils shrank slightly. She handed the phone to Amelia. "Amelia, Dad wants to talk to you."
###chapter1384
Amelia bit her pale lips. She took the phone in a panic, carefully pressing it against her flushed ear. 
"Dad..." 
"Amelia, the world has been turned upside down because of your livestream. But you really know how to pick a location. You chose our family's hotel. That's cunning of you. Did you learn it from Bella?" Wyatt teased. 
"N-No..." 
Amelia was embarrassed, stammering, "Dad, I'm sorry... Everything happened because of me. It's all my fault. Don't blame Bella.......” 
"After letting out what you've been holding in for so long, do you feel better?" 
Her father's sudden question stunned Amelia. "Huh?" 
"I know that incident has weighed heavily on your mind, and you could not let it go. Your mother hid in her room almost every night, crying silently for you. If coming forward to expose Charles' vile acts tonight makes you feel better, then I will support your decision fully." Wyatt's husky voice was gentle and slow, as if afraid of frightening his timid daughter. 
Amelia was shocked, causing her eyes to redden instantly. "Dad... I..." 
"Good girl, don't cry. Don't feel like you've done something wrong. You are incredibly brave tonight. Your mother and I are very proud of you." 
The infamous business tycoon suddenly felt a lump in his throat, but he forcefully kept his composure and smiled. "From now on, be straightforward and open. Don't be afraid to do something or speak out. You are my daughter. If anyone dares to look down on you, I'll crush them!"
Burning tears streamed down Amelia's face, staining her delicate cheeks. 
After she hung up, Bella's phone had already become wet, as if it had been fished out of the water. 
Bella and Justin were worried upon seeing Amelia like this. Steven quickly took a handkerchief from his coat pocket and wiped her tears hastily. He felt so distressed that he could hardly catch his breath, but he dared not probe further. 
"Amelia, did Wyatt scold you?" Bella asked softly. 
Amelia shook her head, parting her trembling lips. "Dad said that he's proud of me." 
She turned over, burying her wet face in Steven's chest, and sobbed. 
Since she was a kid, she has always been a model student. But all of her brothers and sisters were outstanding and capable. 
Asher was the CEO of KS Group; 
Axel, Ralph, Declan, and Drew seemed to be fooling around, but they were formidable government officials, Hugh sacrificed heroically; Camila was the First Lady of Sentania; and lastly, Bella was 
talented at everything, and she was 
Amelia's role model. Content S?a?ch Th? FindNl.n?t website on Ggl? to access chapters of novels early and in the highest quality. 
belongs to .net 
Amelia thought she was too ordinary 
and not impressionable. The
ē 
deep-seated inferiority made her too 
timid to ask for anything from her father, no matter how good her academic achievements were. 
But now, thinking she had made a mess, Amelia was trembling with fear, yet she was not scorned or resented by Wyatt. Instead, he praised her. Amelia felt a mix of emotions as tears of happiness flowed down her face. 
After hearing it, Bella and Justin were stunned, then exchanged a knowing smile. 
"Tsk... Wyatt is just acting mysterious and frightening me!" 
Bella patted her chest but felt an inexplicable sense of relief. "It's a good thing that his brain is working this time. At least he didn't act like a fool." Justin's heart, hanging in suspense, finally settled down. He held Bella's hand and grabbed it tightly, interlocking their fingers. 
"Amelia, continue to be brave from now on. We will always be your strongest support." 
"Please don't. Not that I'm raining on your parade, but my heart has been on a roller coaster tonight, beating so fast that it's going off the rails! If it happens again, I might have a heart attack!" 
Bella nudged Justin with her elbow and said, "You spoil her too much. One female warrior in the Thompson family is enough." Whether it was Camilla or Amelia, Bella wished they would not have to go through storms in the future and live a carefree life.
###chapter1385
Amelia's livestream stirred up huge waves. 
Charles was released on bail as there was insufficient evidence. The Iverson family secretly exposed the scandals of the two celebrities and successfully diverted the public's attention, suppressing Charles' 
case. 
But who could have expected that Amelia, who should have kept quiet, would publicly come forward to speak for those girls and herself as a victim? 
Overnight, the Iverson family was thrust into the limelight again. 
For Charles, who thought he had just escaped from disaster, this was far from good news. Even without evidence, the police once again paid attention to him. 
"Fuck... This is ridiculous!" 
Lance was furious, sweeping everything off his desk. "How dare a mistress's daughter not know her place and challenge the Iverson family publicly?! Does she really think she's some noble lady from a prominent background?" 
James gritted his teeth, echoing, "She doesn't know how much she amounts to, trying to imitate Bella's style. I think Wyatt would be the first to reprimand her!" 
Charles sat at the side, his eyes wide with anger, and his prosthetic limb shook violently. 
He regretted it deeply now. He should have hired a group of gangsters to kidnap Amelia and rape her. Even if he could not do it himself, he wanted to vent his anger on that bitch by violating her. S?a?*?h the Find?ovel.?et website on Ggl? to access chapters of novels early and in the highest quality.
Now that things had taken an unexpected turn, the Thompsons would definitely keep an eye on her, and he would no longer have a chance to act. 
"James, it's pointless for you to complain now." 
Christopher kept his cool composure, blowing lightly at his coffee cup. "I've dispatched my PR team to clear the comments online that put Charles at a disadvantage. At least, it would look better to outsiders." Charles did not have an ounce of gratitude toward Christopher. Even a fool could see that this was just Christopher's method of pleasing their father. 
On second thought, this viper, Christopher, was indeed ruthless. 
No matter what, Amelia was the sister of the woman he loved. If he had any compassion, even if he did nothing due to his identity as an 
Iverson, he should not have helped Charles. 
.net 
But in reality, Christopher had no care or consideration for Bella's family. As long as it benefited him, he would sell them out or use them. 
Charles' mouth twitched. This bastard did not love Bella at all. He only loved himself! 
"Christopher, you're clever and 
quick-witted! Although you're the 
youngest, you do things much more 
decisively and efficiently than your two brothers." Lance was
impressed, and he immediately praised Christopher. 
belongs to .net 
“Dad, you flatter me. I'm only doing what I can for our family." Christopher's eyes curled up. His smile was humble. 
James's gums were sore from biting too hard. Oh, how he wished to poison this bastard's coffee! 
"Dad, calm down. Take care of your body." 
Christopher continued advising, 
"Although Charles' incident has 
resurfaced, I've glanced through the 
Internet. More people are 
ne 
questioning Amelia. If James hires more bots to fan the flames, think we can divert the focus away from Charles." 
James' eyes bore into Christopher like two flaming cannons. 
This bastard son tried to please their father by involving him, expecting him to pay the bill for hiring online bots.
"Yes! Christopher is right. We'll do that! Fuck that bitch up!" Lance immediately ordered, “James, immediately get to this!" Just as James wanted to resist, the butler rushed in hurriedly. "Chairman Iverson! Things are looking bad! The police are here!"
###chapter1386
"P-Police?! Those lowly creatures are at our door again?!" Charles recalled the harrowing days he spent in the detention center, when he was living worse than pigs and dogs. He was determined to never return to eating scraps and living in foul conditions. Terrified, he exclaimed, “Dad! James! You must stop them from getting to me!" Upon hearing this, Lance's face turned grim, and he began pacing back and forth in distress.
"Don't panic, Charles." James walked over and patted his brother's trembling shoulders. "I've had people closely monitoring those two girls, and they haven't made any contact with the police yet, which means they're not planning to testify. If they stay silent, we can likely downplay this entire affair to nothing. Besides, considering the hit rate of Amelia's live stream yesterday, the police had to make an appearance for the sake of it. Otherwise, wouldn't they look useless to the public? Let's find out why they're here first." When the Iversons cdownstairs, their expressions darkened at the sight of their visitors.
Ralph and two subordinate officers were at the center of the living room. His demeanor was sharp and commanding, exuding an air of authority that was majestic and cold.
Lance's expression turned particularly sour, a hint of envy creeping into his heart.
Wyatt's children were all exceptionally talented and attractive, overshadowing his own children in both appearance and capabilities. Even Ralph, the youngest son of Wyatt's second wife and merely a detective, possessed such an outstanding demeanor.
Usually, parents view their children as treasures. However, recalling the shameful actions of Astrid and Charles only fueled Lance's frustration. In the presence of Ralph, Lance felt almost too ashamed to be present.
At the moment, only his youngest son, Christopher, seemed to be a worthy contender. His appearance, demeanor, and capabilities were all exceptional, enough to stand toe-to-toe with the Thompson children.
Yet, the most ironic thing that Lance seemed to have forgotten was that Christopher was once the son he disliked and underestimated the most.
In fact, back when he sent Christopher and his mother to Sentania, he even declared harshly in front of the entire Iverson family to consider them dead.
Back then, the young Christopher kneeled and pleaded persistently, so Lance grudgingly agreed to send a el.ne yearly allowance to his youngest son's account for their living expenses. Apart from this financial assistance, the family's funds, powers, shares, and everything related to the Iversons had no connection with them. All this stemmed from Christopher's mother's alleged "betrayal" when Lance caught her having an affair with a lowly bodyguard.
After being caught, the bodyguard faced harsh punishment, and Lance exiled him to a distant land. Mrs.Iverson, who had no means to defend herself, endured treatments worse than death, which caused her health condition to worsen gradually. The entire Iverson household despised the mother-son duo and drove them out of the family. Lance could never have guessed that the wife he had despised for years, who genuinely loved him, was the victim of a cheating scandal entirely staged by his eldest son as part of an elaborate scheme.
What he could not foresee was that the son he was starting to appreciate and trust, who had remained under the radar for many years, was not returning to rekindle their fragile father-son bond.
Instead, Christopher's true intention was to seek revenge against him and James, aiming to take over everything the Iversons held dear.
Behind them, Christopher watched Ralph with a cool, dark stare. His lips curled into a malicious smirk.
While he held contempt for everyone in the Thompson family apart from Bella, he could not help but look forward to seeing what kind of "surprise" Ralph would deliver to Charles.
et "Mr. Thompson, my younger brother's case has already been closed. What brings you to our htonight? Is the coffee at the police station not as good as what the Iversons serve?" James squinted his eyes, his cold laugh laced with mockery. Mr. Thompson? The two police officers stared in astonishment at Ralph's striking figure.
Which Thompson could this be? He could not possibly be related to Wyatt Thompson, could he?
###chapter1387
"Well, even if the coffee at the police station tastes awful, at least it doesn't harm me. But I dare not drink anything from the Iverson household. Who knows if it might cause severe stomach issues? Or worse, maybe I'll get poisoned. It's just not worth the risk," Ralph replied with a cool smile, easily brushing off James' taunts.
"Mr. Thompson! My son's case has been closed. Your people released him! What brings you here again?!" Fed up with arguing, Lance's eyes were red with anger and embarrassment. He exclaimed, “You can't just take Charles away without evidence. I won't let you have it your way again. The Iverson family isn't something the Thompsons can mold and manipulate at will! I'm only extending courtesy to you because of the long-standing relationship between our families and because you're Wyatt Thompson's son. Don't take advantage of my generosity!" The police officers thought, 'Wyatt Thompson's son?! Our Captain Thompson is the son of Hatchybay's wealthiest man and Bella Thompson's brother?!' The jaw-dropping news nearly made the two officers' jaws hit the floor.
Ralph had been with the police for many years, maintaining a low profile and focusing only on his work, never discussing his private life or family background.
Initially, when he becthe head of the detective squad, there was criticism about his young age and supposed connections. But after he quickly solved several high-profile cases, earning accolades in only three years, all such gossip faded.
They suspected Ralph had significant backing, but they had no idea that it was to this extent! Ralph knew that Lance brought up his father in front of his colleagues to pressure him, but he remained completely unfazed, even feeling a slight urge to laugh.
"The law does not wrongly convict the innocent, nor does it spare any brute." The Iversons' expressions turned as dark as a pot scorched for over a decade.
"Ralph! You... Who are you calling a brute?!" Charles pointed at Ralph's handsface, his voice quivering with anger.
"Mr. Charles Thompson, you are currently under suspicion in connection with an attempted rape case. Please cwith us to assist with the investigation," Ralph stated firmly, cutting to the chase. His gaze was as cold as ice, piercing Charles' pallid face. "Dad! James!" Panic contorted Charles' face, clearly revealing his desperation.
"Take him away." At Ralph's stern glance, the two officers swiftly moved toward Charles.
Before they even reached him, Charles' legs failed him, and he collapsed pathetically onto the ground.
Christopher pursed his lips to suppress a laugh, thoroughly enjoying the spectacle.
Mortified, Lance wished he could bury his disgraceful son, “Quick... Someone help the young master up!" "Ralph! Do you think we know nothing about the law? If you want to arrest someone, you'll have to show us your arrest warrant! Otherwise, you're abusing your ? power, and I could file a complaint!" James managed to remain composed and indignant, "When did I say I was arresting him?" Ralph smiled wryly, his eyebrows arching teasingly. "I merely suggested that Charles con Set us to cooperate with our investigation and provide a statement. You look fine, but you don't seem to understand human speech." James gritted his teeth in fury. "Ralph! You!" "After all, everyone saw Ms. Thompson's livestream yesterday, where she identified Charles as an abuser. Although he ultimately did not succeed due to his inability, we cannot ignore a victim's report." "I-I'm not going!" Terrified, Charles shook uncontrollably. His body was even stiffer than his prosthetics.
"Are you afraid to even cooperate with the investigation? Does that mean you're hiding something? Is everything Ms. Thompson claimed the truth?" Ralph remained composed, yet his words carried an icy resolve. "If you refuse to cooperate with the police investigation or attempt to flee the, country at this critical moment, these actions will be seen as evidence of guilt. I will then bolperfectly legitimate reason.
a request an arrest warrant from my superior, Mr. Iverson. Oh, by the way, I almost forgot. Before coming here, I had already applied for a travel ban against you. You won't be able to leave Savrow, let alone the country."
###chapter1388
Amidst his panic, Charles, though supported, slumped like a ragdoll.
James glared fiercely at Ralph. Just when he was about to speak, Christopher timely intervened, "Charles, you should go with Captain Thompson. If you're innocent, you'll just be cooperating with the investigation. Don't panic. It'll be over soon. We'll cto pick you up afterward." Charles glared at Christopher, his eyes darkening with rage.
This damn bastard... Once again, Christopher seized the perfect opportunity to stomp on someone when they were down.
Then, Christopher whispered persuasively to Lance, "Dad, Ralph is making a valid point. If Charles doesn't cooperate with the police, it'll appear as though he's hiding something, and Ralph might resort to tougher measures. It'll only complicate matters further." Convinced, Lance quickly changed his mind. "Charles, just go with them!" "Dad!" Charles' expression turned into one of sheer despair.
With a wave of his hand, Lance, full of resentment and frustration, found himself at a loss for words.
In the end, Lance and James could only watch powerlessly as the police led Charles away.
As Ralph was leaving, he shot a frosty glance at Christopher.
That piercing stare, almost accusatory, struck Christopher, deeply wounding his proud self-esteem. It brought him a wave of discomfort.
"Ralph! Hold on!" James stepped forward, his face flushed with strain.
His emotions had shifted from trying to free Charles to an intense desire to beat Ralph.
Ralph paused, his face devoid of expression, as he faced him.
"Hmph, admit it! You're not here out of any moral obligation! You're just out to avenge Bella and Amelia!" Ralph narrowed his eyes, tilted his head, and his delicate lips parted to mouth the words, So what? Although unsaid, the gesture infuriated the Iversons so much that they felt a surge of violent anger.
After Ralph left, Lance, overwhelmed, sat down on the couch with his sons' help, slowly regaining composure after drinking shot tea.
"James! Christopher! What do we do now?!" "Don't panic, Dad."James' gaze was as sharp as a scorpion's sting. "Even if Ralph has taken Charles, he won't be able to prove anything. The incident with that Thompson girl happened so long ago. Any evidence would've disappeared long ago. Without evidence, Ralph will ultimately have to release him. I'll send Attorney Lang there right away!" "What you're saying is complete nonsense. They don't have concrete proof for the alleged attempted rape case anyway. What's there to be afraid of?" Christopher scoffed, subtly provoking James' competitive spirit. "Actually, it's those two girls you messed with who are the real ticking bombs. If any of them decides to blow the whistle now, you'll never be able to walk out from behind bars." "Heh, stop worrying about things that wouldn't happen. Those two girls will never cforward!" If any of them did, he would make sure no one lived to see the next day.
* That night, Steven, Bella, and Justin safely escorted Amelia back to Yara Park.
The entire family, including Wyatt and his wives, were at hand aware of the livestream incident.
et However no one blamed her for the incident. Instead of criticizing her, they all commended her for her compassionate and brave character, acknowledging her righteous heart.
Amelia, who was quick to cry, once again teared up in the embrace of her parents after getting home.
Wyatt comforted her extensively, feeling an overwhelming sense of guilt and sorrow for not doing enough for his daughter. Celestehad planned to gently reprimand her daughter but found herself speechless with reproach upon seeing Amelia. Instead, she held her daughter and wept together.
###chapter1389
Upon seeing someone badmouthing Amelia online, not only did Sasha take it personally, but she also anonymously joined the fray to take on the internet trolls head-on. 
She also contacted Elias, who had his men from five different branches, all under aliases, flood the live stream with comments. It was so intense that nearly a hundred of them got banned from commenting. No matter how tumultuous the storm outside, it felt like upon entering Yara Park, all troubles would vanish into thin air. 
As Bella watched her family members show understanding and warmth toward each other, she was moved to tears, feeling choked up. 
Since her mother's death, Bella had not thought of this place as her home, always longing to escape, no matter how difficult and tiring her nomadic life was. 
But now, this place was beginning to feel more like home. 
For her, there were only two places of refuge-one was Yara Park, and the other was the comforting warmth of Justin's embrace. 
Following the livestream incident, Wyatt and Celeste also subtly changed their attitude toward Steven. After witnessing the young couple's reluctance to part, Wyatt unprecedentedly allowed Steven to stay at their home. 
However, Amelia and Steven had to sleep in separate rooms, and Steven must not take advantage of everyone being asleep to sneak into his precious daughter's bedroom with ill intentions. 
For the young couple, who had faced many hardships together, the opportunity to stay over was undoubtedly a blessing from heaven.
Amelia radiated happiness like a cheerful, hopping bird, while Steven felt so touched that he almost burst into tears. He bowed deeply to Wyatt and solemnly promised to devote himself to caring for Amelia and to spend the rest of his life making her happy. 
Steven was like a man reprieved, gratefully accepted back into the fold by Chairman Thompson. 
Standing aside, Justin watched the family's cheerful harmony. Yet, he felt like an outsider. 
Bella, caught up in her sister's and 
.net 
Steven's joy, failed to notice the sorrowful expression on her partner beside her. Justin felt bitter and envious. 
After a while, his lips moved slightly, curling into a resigned and bitter smile. 
Although his heart continued to sink, he accepted his fate. Even if Wyatt would never accept him, it did not matter as long as he could stay by Bella's side to protect her. He would be content with just this. 
A sinner did not deserve forgiveness. 
Simply being here was already a great blessing. 
"It's getting late. Amelia must've been exhausted, too. Let's not get too excited and head back to rest. "Wyatt suggested with a smile. Everyone began heading back into the villa. 
Only Justin remained standing there, tall, attractive, and so quiet that he seemed almost invisible. 
Wyatt turned back to him, frowning slightly. "It's getting late, Mr. Salvador. Aren't you planning to return to Savrow?"
Bella intended to escort her sister 
back to her room before returning to 
find Justin. She stopped abruptly 
when she heard this and looked anxiously at the man. S 
"I'm sorry for interrupting you guys, Chairman Thompson." 
Justin's throat clenched, and he spoke in a raspy voice, "I was just going to..." 
"If you don't have any plans tomorrow, why not stay here tonight?"
###chapter1390
When Wyatt suggested Justin stay the night, everyone suddenly stopped and fell silent. 
Bella's beautiful eyes grew wide with shock, and her mouth hung open in disbelief as she stared at her father. 
"W-What did you just say?" 
Justin's chest heaved with a tremor. His pupils contracted as he stared intently at Wyatt's distinguished and authoritative face. His breath caught, and his heart raced. 
"If you head back now, you'll probably get home around midnight, right? If you have nothing urgent tomorrow, just stay here tonight," Wyatt said, lowering his gaze and then coughing lightly. 
This time, Justin heard it clearly. Bella and everyone else also heard it. 
The tremendous surprise overwhelmed Justin, making his heart race wildly. His black eyes filled with tears as he choked with emotion. He bowed deeply to Wyatt. 
"Thank you... Chairman Thompson, for taking me in." 
Justin was such an imposing man and a leading figure in Savrow's top financial group. However, at this moment, they were incredibly humble. 
Feeling a deep ache in her heart at the sight of his humility, Bella quickly stepped forward to help him up. 
"What are you doing? It's just for one night... It's not that big of a deal." 
"It is, Bella."
Justin's eyes turned red, with tears subtly sparkling in them. His heart filled with overwhelming emotions. "I'm so happy... Nothing in my life has ever made me feel as happy and fulfilled as I do at this moment." To others, it might just be a simple overnight stay. 
But for Justin, it represented a beacon of new beginnings. 
Wyatt gave Justin a meaningful glance before stepping into the villa first. 
"Steve, has Dad forgiven Justin? Does he mean that he accepted him?!" Amelia excitedly whispered into Steve's ear while clutching his arm. 
"I hope this is a sign of his acceptance, too." 
Steven gazed tenderly at Amelia, gently brushing a strand of hair behind her ear. "Any progress over yesterday is progress." 
Feeling touched, Bella cradled Justin's chiseled face in her hands and kissed him passionately, oblivious to those around them. 
Initially, Justin was so shy that his body stiffened. But soon, he could not help but wrap his arms around her delicate waist, returning her fervent kisses, reluctant to part. 
The elders found it awkward to watch the intimate moment, their cheeks flushing as they turned away with a laugh and left the scene. 
Steven tightened his grip on Amelia's waist. His Adam's apple bobbed as he hurriedly led his beloved toward the door. 
"Hey... Steve, slow down!" Amelia protested, her slender legs hustling beneath her flowing white dress. 
Steven clenched his jaw, his muscles tensing along his torso.
Slow down? Not a chance. 
He, too, desired it. Desperately. 
That night, an overwhelming sense of happiness reminiscent of the sweet, fragrant blend of honey permeated Yara Park. 
Recently, Justin was overwhelmed 
with work at the corporation. Not only was he searching for Maxwell's whereabouts with Ryan, but he was also closely monitoring Shannon's case. He pushed himself to the limit in his professional duties to carve out as much time as possible to be with Bella. 
Though frequently exhausted to the point where he could barely keep his eyes open, Justin found renewed energy in bed, where he passionately and thoroughly doted on his beloved. He was genuinely worried about seeming old to his lover. 
She was only 25, while he was already in his thirties. 
Though not necessarily as wealthy as him, each of his love rivals was younger than him. Justin was determined not to make Bella feel he was in any way lacking. 
Even though everyone knew they 
were essentially a married couple, Justin still behaved as if he were monk staying for the night, 
l.net 
if 
meditating quietly in his room as stepping out the door would plunge
him into a sea of worldly temptation. 
Indeed, it would. The temptation was significant, since his delightful wife resided on the same floor. 
Tonight, Chairman Thompson made 
an exception to welcome him. So Justin knew he needed to behave properly. If he were to overstep his boundaries and climb into Bella's bed at this moment, he might not live to see the next sunrise S 
Leaning against the headboard, Justin worked on urgent business matters on his laptop, as relayed by lan. 
Slowly, his eyes closed, and he fell asleep, seated on the bed. 
Sometime later, a gentle breeze and a ticklish sensation roused him. 
Despite his deep sleep, years of military training kicked in, instantly honing his alertness and sensitivity. 
His eyes opened instantly, shining cold and alert like a lion stirred from slumber. 
"Ah!" 
A soft cry echoed in the dark. 
In the next moment, Bella, who had lost her balance, suddenly tipped backward, replacing the laptop on his lap. 
Justin's sleepiness vanished in a split second. He took a deep breath and swiftly caught her delicate waist, easily lifting her. Bella's tender and sweet-smelling body then collided with his warm chest.
###chapter1391
"Honey! How did you get in here? When did you..." 
Justin's mind was still foggy, and his hands, accustomed to caressing her, could not help but gently stroke up and down her sides. 
Bella held her chest, pouting. "Phew... You scared me to death. Did you know your gaze just now was terrifying? You looked like you were about to eat me up!" 
"I'm sorry, Bella. It's an old reflex I got from my military days. It's an untreatable stress response." 
As she listened, deep compassion welled up in Bella's eyes as she softly caressed his cheek. 
Overcome with guilt, Justin took her hand and kissed her palm, feeling nervous. "Why did you come in here secretly? What if someone saw you?" 
"Secretly? This is my house. I don't need to sneak around. I walked in here openly." 
Bella squinted playfully, tapping his nose. "Hmm? Why do I sense that you're feeling a little flustered, Mr. Salvador?" 
"This is my first time really coming to your home, Bella. I want to make a good impression on your family." Justin admitted, his voice muffled. 
"Pfft, so that's what this is about." 
Bella chuckled. Her naughty fingers playfully unbuttoned two buttons on his shirt. "Our family is known for being the toughest crowd to stir up, serve, and please in the world. Otherwise, that snake Christopher would've wormed his way into our inner circle long ago, right?" 
"Bella..." The man chuckled wryly.
"They're gradually coming to accept you, so don't worry. Just be yourself." 
As Bella spoke gently, Justin realized she had already undone his shirt buttons. "You've been staying up late working again. If you keep sitting and sleeping like this until morning, you'll end up with a herniated disc. Take these off and change into your pajamas. Then get into bed properly." 
"Alright, fine." 
Justin agreed obediently, but as he changed into his pajamas, he stretched his back and felt both soreness and pain. 
He thought, 'Maybe it really is because of my age...' 
"Bella, you should head back to your room..." 
However, before he could finish his sentence, Bella, quick and nimble like a playful little rabbit, had already jumped into his bed. 
"I want to sleep with you." 
"Bella, please. Just wait until we return to Savrow..." 
"No, I want it now!" Bella insisted, gripping the hem of his shirt tightly. 
Justin looked intently at her as she bit her lip appearing stubborn yet seductive. Desire surged within him, his lower abdomen tightening as he fought the urge to pin her down and ravish her on the bed. 
In the end, he compromised and slowly lay down beside her. 
Bella rolled into his embrace, and he skillfully wrapped his arms around her, offering his arm for her to use as a pillow.
At that moment, the couple felt completely satisfied, quietly sighing in a shared, unspoken understanding. 
"You should stop degrading yourself in front of Wyatt." 
Bella could not bear to see Justin's self-esteem wounded, especially since the Justin she loved had always been an unrivaled luminary shining bright for the past thirteen years Even though he has four wives, he's not a king, and this isn't an old feudal society. You shouldn't have to lower yourself in front of him. Always remember that you're Bella Thompson's man." 
"I was just too overwhelmed at that moment. I didn't think it through." 
Justin chuckled huskily, "You don't 
know 
close I was to saying 
.net 
you, Wyatt' instead of saying 
you, Chairman Thompson"." 
Bella's heart fluttered, and then she blushed and pecked him on the lips. 
"Muah!" 
In the quiet of the night, that kiss was incredibly sweet. 
Justin's smile deepened affectionately.
Bella's eyes, brimming with desire, sparkled enchantingly in the romantic night. 
Her hand smoothly slid toward his silk pajamas. 
"Bella... We're at your house." Justin gasped, holding her hand. 
Her soft moan sent shivers through his body, stirring his soul, "Weren't we always at my place, too?" 
The man's eyes reddened with restraint, and his voice was hoarse. "That's not the same..." 
"To me, it's all the same." 
Bella kissed his Adam's apple and wrapped her leg around his waist. "Anywhere with you is home." 
Suddenly, the last remaining string of Justin's restraint snapped. 
The next moment, he groaned deeply, pressing her beneath him, his hands swiftly sliding off her thin and delicate nightgown.
###chapter1392
Despite the Iversons' effort to suppress it, the livestream scandal kept Charles' reputation plummeting as if in a contest of blame, with many eager to step on him, relishing the spectacle surrounding the Iversons. 
The drama escalated when an obscure heiress from the Thompson family accused him of attempted rape, keeping the public interest alive. 
As the scandal's intensity refused to wane, Charles remained indefinitely in the crosshairs of the police. 
Lance even humbled himself to seek leniency from the police chief. Unfortunately, the top tycoon, Wyatt, suddenly returned to the headlines after a long absence. 
On the office television, a news segment suddenly cut in. 
It showed a reporter interviewing Wyatt after a ribbon-cutting ceremony for a new project. 
The reporter began, "Mr. Thompson, regarding the livestream incident a few days ago, the young woman who claims to be your daughter..." 
"Claims?" 
Wyatt's expression instantly darkened, and he countered sharply, "Which media outlet are you from that you have such a delayed grasp of information? You dare call yourself a reporter?" 
His formidable presence left everyone around too intimidated to breathe. 
Holding the microphone, the reporter trembled as Wyatt sternly corrected him. 
"She's my biological daughter, the youngest princess of the Thompson family. Her mother is my third wife, Celeste."
Wyatt's expression was particularly stern, but when he mentioned his daughter, a rare warmth appeared in his sharp, eagle-like eyes. "To me, Bella and Amelia are the apples of my eye. I've kept Amelia out of the public eye because she's young and still in school. Besides, both Amelia and Celeste prefer to keep a low profile. I didn't want to disrupt her education and life. That's why I rarely bring her to public events. Above all, my actions have always been to protect my youngest daughter. However, my efforts to protect her allowed Charles, that lust-driven monster, to harm my daughter!" 
The audience gasped in shock. 
Damn, Chairman Thompson's remarks were incredibly harsh! 
Despite Wyatt's known close relationship with Lance, he clearly was not holding back for the sake of his daughter, showing no mercy to the Iversons. 
"My daughter has endured unbearable humiliation. I will not allow the Iversons to attempt to settle this matter privately. I will see this through to the end!" 
Wyatt's eyes turned fiery red as he struggled to contain his fury, barely keeping his composure as he clenched his teeth. "Lance Iverson, if you have any shred of decency left, make your son face the law and apologize to my daughter! Otherwise, the Iversons will become the number one public enemy of the KS Group!" 
Lance was livid, breathing heavily as he fumbled to turn off the television. 
He knew Wyatt was a determined, formidable, and influential man who always followed through on his words. 
This was not just a threat. It was an outright declaration of war!
"Ahem... Chairman Iverson, as you've seen, your son's issue has now seriously escalated and even involves Chairman Thompson's daughter, making this extremely difficult." 
The police chief shook his head. "If it 
l.net 
weren't for that livestream, I could've intervened. However, now the entire country is watching, and the higher-ups are aware of this incident. If I were to help you now... Not to mention offending Chairman Thompson, I might even lose my job if the higher-ups find out about this. Perhaps you should have a proper talk with Chairman Thompson?" 
"Talk, talk, talk... What exactly is there really to talk about?!" 
If the television had not belonged to someone else, Lance would have smashed it already. 
Meanwhile, at Yara Park, while the news featuring Wyatt was airing, the young couple had just woken up late and finished their morning bath after having spent the night indulging in each other's company. Wrapped only in a bath towel that barely covered her, Bella sat obediently on a bathroom chair while Justin dried her hair. 
Her hair was thick and silky. As usual, Justin took his time with the hairdryer, carefully combing and applying hair oil to it. Despite the effort involved, Justin had never shown his impatience. Instead, he found joy in the task, cherishing every moment. Caring for Bella and treating her well was an addiction embedded deep within his bones, one he could never shake off. 
"Mmm... You're so good at this. It feels amazing..." 
Bella's eyes narrowed with contentment. "I'm about to fall asleep again." 
"Why don't you sleep a little longer, then?" Justin suggested, leaning in to kiss her cherry-red earlobe.
"No. With Amelia's issue still hanging and Wyatt causing more drama, how could I possibly sleep?" 
Bella was scrolling through Twitter 
comments, her lips curling into a small smile. "Luckily, Wyatt's recent spectacle has managed to swing public opinion in Amelia's favor Now, more people are supporting her and the Thompsons, pressing the Iversons for answers 
"Amelia is such a likable girl. Naturally, her popularity is on the rise. Besides, with Chairman Thompson making their 
father-daughter relationship public, it shoul@silence those with ill 
intentions. Things seem to be 
looking up." Justin commented, 
expertly managing her hair like a 
seasoned stylist. 
.net 
"Still, we shouldn't celebrate too soon. Yesterday, my brother told me he could only detain Charles for a while. Without more evidence, that monster will get released soon." Bella's voice was tinged with resentment as she bit her lip. 
"Don't worry, Bella. This isn't over. There could still be a turnaround."
Just as Justin finished his sentence, Bella's phone started ringing. She glanced at the screen to see a call from an unfamiliar number.
###chapter1393
Justin paused as he combed through Bella's hair, looking toward the phone screen.
"Bella, do you recognize the number?"
"No."
"Should we answer it then?" Justin asked, brows furrowing.
Typically, Bella never answered calls from unknown numbers, and it was rare for her to receive them.
However, her heart throbbed with a sense of anticipation this time. She felt like ignoring this call might mean missing out on something crucial. "Hello," Bella answered, her voice gentle.
"H-Hello."
On the other end of the phone, a timid, soft, and gentle voice of a young woman emerged, sounding slightly similar to that of her younger sister. Bella and Justin exchanged glances. Then, she quickly put the phone on speaker and began recording. "May I ask who is calling?"
"Is this Ms. Bella Thompson?" The girl asked softly.
"Yes, this is Bella Thompson speaking."
"I... I'm Rachel Mead."
The couple tensed up, especially Bella, whose heart pounded like a drum, her fingertips trembling and her palms sweating.
Justin gazed intently at her, holding his breath. Then he took her delicate hand and placed it over his chest, reassuring her. "Rachel, you finally called."
Bella's voice was warm and friendly, deliberately avoiding formal titles to create a closer connection. "I've been waiting for your call every day, and finally, you've reached out." Justin's eyes narrowed in disbelief, staring at Bella's barely concealed excitement.
She said she had been waiting for Rachel's call, which implied she must have had the opportunity to meet and speak with Rachel before this. Otherwise, why would she say such a thing?" But when had they connected? How had he not noticed at all?
"You've been waiting for my call every day?"
Rachel paused, her voice soft and frail, "Ms. Thompson, if I never reached out to you..."
"Then I'd still be willing to wait. The choice to contact me is yours, but the decision to wait is mine," Bella responded with a determined gaze, each word saturated with resolve. There followed a long silence on the other end of the line.
However, Bella extended considerable patience to the caller. She remained silent, patiently waiting.
Justin often admired how Bella et ine could maintain such composure. She was always willing to humble herself and endure hardships to achieve her goals. She never let her privileged background make her feel superior or entitled to the things she had.
Such patience was something Justin reserved only for Bella. With others, he lacked the same persistent patience she exhibited.
"Ms. Thompson, I called to tell you that... I'm ready to testify as a witness and identify Charles Iverson as a rapist." Rachel's voice choked up, her words trembling as if forced through gritted teeth, each filled with profound sorrow and anger.
Justin's eyelashes fluttered intensely, his heart raced, and his jaw clenched.
At that moment, a wave of overwhelming emotions surged through Betta. Her lips trembled as she fought hard to control the urge to cry, seftly saying, "Alright, as long as you're willing to do so. The president of the Salvador ou Corporation and I will support you all the way."
Justin's heart seemed to endure a forceful impact, contracting violently and throbbing intensely.
His impoverished childhood and the fragmented nature of his family had Kimto made it difficult for him to open up fully or empathize with anyone other than those he loved. 
Yet, at this moment, the intense trembling of his heart, accompanied by a mixture of sorrow and bitterness ghawing at his chest, was surely a form of deep empathy, right? 
"I'm currently under strict supervision by my mother. Even when I go out, she feels the need to accompany me, e to e leaving me with almost no personal space. However, I can try to sneak out to see you guys after she falls asleep at night." 
###chapter1394
"Rachel, Mr. Salvador and I will pick you up downstairs at your place. Don't worry, we'll ensure no one notices." Bella reassured Rachel while her heart thumped excitedly.
"It's not about being seen or not. That's just the only time I can get out of my house," Rachel responded, sighing with frustration.
"We're coming to pick you up to ensure your safety."
Justin's voice was deep, and his expression was serious. "It's very likely that the Iversons are monitoring all of your actions now. If they notice you leaving rashly, it could be dangerous." Rachel was startled. "M-Ms. Thompson, who is this?"
"Don't be afraid, Rachel. It's Mr. Salvador. He's here with me." Bella reassured her, lifting her beautiful face slightly with a graceful hand.
Justin then leaned forward, positioning his handsome face close to hers with the elegance of a butler serving a queen, their noses nearly touching.
Bella blinked her sparkling eyes, momentarily caught off guard.
Then, he kissed her small, lovely lips.
His tongue teasingly lingered, sending her into a whirl of emotions. However, he pulled away just as she became utterly swept up in the sensation. Mmm... What a jerk, getting even naughtier by the day!
"M-Mr. Salvador?! Is it really Mr. Salvador?!"
Rachel's mood suddenly lifted, her previously subdued voice becoming bright with excitement. "Mr. Salvador! I admire you a lot! You're my idol!"
Justin frowned slightly. After a long pause, he managed to express himself with a stoic expression, "Well, thank you."
"I think you're extremely handsome, even more so than those celebrities. I really like you!"
"I already have a loved one, Ms. Thompson," Justin replied coolly, drawing Bella close by the shoulder.
"No, no! Don't get me wrong!"
Rachel hurried to clarify, "I admire your talents and looks. I didn't mean anything else with that comment! And... Actually, I really ship you and Ms. Thompson! I think you two are incredibly well-matched!" "Tsk. After all the criticism Mr. Salvador has gotten online, his good looks remain undeniable. And surprisingly, he even has fans. It seems that in today's society, appearance really is everything." Bella playfully teased Justin, although a gleeful smile shone through her eyes that she could not hide.
"No, that's not it. Even though Mr. Salvador often faces criticism online, I believe that you and Ms. Thompson are genuinely in love."
Rachel expressed herself sincerely. "It's because I admire and trust both of you that I've decided to come forward and do this."
"Rachel, thanks for liking us, and thank you for your courage."
Bella's eyes curled into a warm smile as bright as the spring sun. "Stay safe. We'll see you tonight."
After hanging up the phone, Justin eagerly asked, "Bella, what spell did you cast this time? How did you manage to convince that girl to testify? Tell me all about it."
"Hmm... It was really nothing special.
I just obtained her email address and occasionally sent her an email or two, giving her my contact info and letting her know I was eagerly awaiting her response," Bella said casually. Although she was nearly jumping with joy, her tone remained nonchalant.
However, Justin knew that, behind what she made seem effortless, she must have put in a lot of unseen effort.
"Justin, you've gained another bright ally!"
Bella wrapped her arms tightly around his neck, her soft body almost melting into his chest as she clung to him. "You're a psychic! You guessed it right. Things aren't over, and there's always a chance for change!"
Bella's praise visibly uplifted Justin. His eyes shimmered with joy "Bella, I'm no psychic. With Jay your strategic planning, how could things have possibly improved this way?" 
Bella firmly shook her head. "No. If I say you are, then you are. My man's words are blessed." 
"Bella, I used to be quite a pessimist.
00
Back when I was serving in the army, risking my life every day, I never really thought that I might actually survive and return from the battlefield) It's because of you that I've changed. You've infected me with your spirit, making me someone who is now optimistic. Even during that attack on the southern island, when danger fraught every second, the thought of you gave me strength, and I still harbored the hope of surviving." 
###chapter1395
Justin's heartfelt words brought Bella to tears, and she responded with a loud kiss on his lips.
The man's mood brightened considerably, his large hand effortlessly gripping her astonishingly slender waist as he lifted her and spun her around joyously.
"Ah! Oh no!"
Suddenly, Bella felt a chill as the only piece of fabric covering her, the towel wrapped around her slender waist, unexpectedly came loose and flew off.
This exposed her body, presenting a tantalizing view that quickened the man's pulse.
"I think this is perfect."
With a mischievous grin, Justin swept Bella off her feet and carried her toward the bedroom, planting kisses along her skin.
"W-What are you doing? I just took a bath!" Bella playfully hit his chest as her skin blushed a delicate peach color.
With a husky whisper and a glint of lust in his eyes, Justin responded, "I'll give you another bath later. Just let me recharge a bit first."
Finally, as night fell, Bella and Justin, accompanied only by lan, returned to Rachel's apartment building.
The couple sat in their car while lan stood at the entrance, keenly watching for Rachel's figure.
Before long, a figure in a simple T-shirt and jeans emerged from the dark wooden doorway.
Sitting in the car, Bella and Justin finally felt a sense of relief seeing Rachel appear. They wanted to greet her personally. However, they realized that it would be too conspicuous for three people to stand there. It might even attract unwanted attention.
"Are you... Ms. Mead?"
lan paused momentarily, carefully sizing up the beautiful girl before him.
The young girl was fair and pretty, which explained why Charles had targeted her. It was a pity that a brute had marred such a lovely person.
Yet she appeared somewhat more mature than a typical seventeen-year-old.
"Yes... I'm Rachel Mead." The girl tinded, blinking her large eyes et , blinking her large eyes while looking at the man sharply in a suit. Content dressed S His cultured demeanor and elegant manner seemed out of place in this impoverished area.
Feeling slightly ashamed, she bit her lip and took a small step back.
lan smiled warmly and gestured politely, "Mr. Salvador and Young Madam are awaiting you. Please come with me." "Y-Young Madam?"
"That would be Ms. Thompson."
The thought of meeting the couple she adored soon filled Rachel with excitement, her eyes sparkling.
She followed lan toward the black sedan.
Just Cocan noticed the young girl had a
white cartoon plush backpack that looked like a rabbit or maybe a bear, acity charmingly ugly. S 
"That's really cute."
"Huh? Oh. T-Thank you."
lan paused, clarifying, "I meant your bag. It's really cute."
Realizing she had misunderstood, Rachel blushed. "Oh, thank you. Thank you, mister."
M-Mister?! Did he really look that old?
Suddenly, lan felt his vision briefly darken, taken aback by the remark.
The black sedan silently slipped away into the dense darkness of the night.
Just then, a sneaky figure emerged from around the corner of the dilapidated apartment complex's wall watching the car drive away with a cold gaze before pulling out a cell phone. 
. 
###chapter1396
"What did you say? Rachel was taken away by Bella and Justin?!"
In the bedroom, James pushed his hesitant wife, Coral, onto the bed and forcefully removed her nightgown, getting ready to give her this week's "assignment".
Ever since Christopher succeeded in taking over the position and gained his father's approval, the pressure on him has shot up. Now, whenever he felt the urge, he would force Coral to have sex with him, all for the sake of continuing the family line. He was eager to have his wife give birth to the Iverson family's first grandson as soon as possible.
A father valued his children most. As the eldest son, if he could have the first grandchild for the Iverson family, he would feel more secure within the family and gain more influence than Christopher. However, just as he was about to begin, a sudden emergency call completely ruined the mood.
"Are you sure that it was that evil couple that took that little girl away?" James rolled out of bed naked and quickly picked up his pants from the ground to put them on, panicking as if he had been caught. "The person we sent to keep an eye out said that Justin's secretary, lan, was the one picking up Rachel. It has to be them, no doubt about it!"
The secretary sounded anxious as she continued, "The informant also mentioned that Rachel didn't appear to be taken against her will but left willingly with them. Mr. Iverson, do you think there's any chance of changing her mind? She seemed determined to testify in court."
"How the hell am I supposed to know that?! Do you think I'm some kind of mind reader?"
James let out an angry roar, behaving completely different from the usual calm and composed person that Coral knew. This sudden change sent shivers down her spine.
"What should we do next? Please give us the instructions, Mr. Iverson!"
James adjusted his belt and looked at him sternly. "It doesn't matter whether Rachel has changed her mind and is doing it voluntarily. She is a threat and cannot be left alive!"
When Coral heard this, her pupil's shrank in fear, clutching the bedsheet tightly with both hands.
The secretary asked once more to confirm the instructions. "So, you mean...We have to kill her?"
James replied. "She's currently with that pathetic couple, so let's not alert would be them for the time being.
difficult to take action if we draw attention to ourselves." S James walked towards the window and said with a lowered voice, "Wait until they leave, then find a suitable opportunity in the next couple of days to take action. The quicker, the better." s?novel.net
"Understood!"
"By the way, don't use our own people."
James smiled wickedly and said, "Since this isn't our problem, we should use his people to do it."
As the call ended, he had lost all interest in having sex. He quickly put on his clothes and walked out. "J-James..." Coral timidly called after him.
"What?" James looked impatient and didn't even bother sparing his wife a glance.
They got married for political reasons and didn't have a strong
emotional bond. Plus, after many years of marriage, she had not given him any children. Her family's 
influence was also diminishing. As a result, he no longer paid much attention to his wife. 
Coral's complex feelings troubled her deeply. She hesitated before saying, "James think. Maybe we should just let her go." 
James frowned at her. "Let her go?"
"That girl, please spare her. She's really pitiful."
Before Coral could finish speaking, James lunged at her with bloodshot eyes, raised his hands, and slapped E her forcefully across the face. 
###chapter1397
Jamed yelled at Coral. "What have I told you? Stop prying into my business and stop worrying about me! Now you're going out of your way to sympathize with that lowly girl. Are you trying to challenge me? Everything I do is for the good of our Iverson family!"
Coral was beaten until her vision went completely dark and her ears buzzed. She quickly changed her tune in a panic.
"No, it's not about sympathy. I'm doing this for your own good. After all, having someone's blood on your hands is never a good thing. If the police happen to link it to you, even without solid evidence, it would affect your reputation. Christopher might see it as an opportunity to challenge you and threaten your position in the group. Plus, even if you have a good relationship with Charles, there isn't a need to get blood on your hands for him."
Upon hearing that, James' expression softened a bit, and he scoffed, "Hmph, do you really think I don't have a backup plan? How naive of you! I'm just helping Charles in order to keep Dad happy. Can't you see the obvious stakes here? And who said anything aboutgetting blood on my hands? My hands are clean. Even if they look into it, they will never find anything."
James stared at her with a threatening gaze, gripping her jaw firmly. "Coral, as husband and wife, we're in this together. I believe you'll keep our secrets for the sake of your father's retirement from politics as well as your brother, right?"
Coral nodded with tears in her eyes.
* Bella and Justin brought Rachel back to their mansion in Savrow for the sake of her safety.
The grand and elegant villa, along with the serene lake in the backyard, left this poor girl greatly impressed. She had thought that the homes of wealthy heiresses must be extravagant, but she hadn't imagined they could also be so warm and tasteful.
Everywhere exuded a subtle elegance, showcasing Bella's impeccable taste.
"Rachel, don't be shy. Just treat it as your own home," Bella said gently. She didn't bother Wilma but personally prepared and brought over a fruit platter for Rachel.
Rachel sat awkwardly on the sofa, her limbs seeming bound as she dared not touch anything, huddled up in a pitiful ball. "Do you want sjuice? Tea? Coffee? I'll make it for you." Justin's expression was dull, but his voice was gentle.
Rachel glanced at Bella, then at en Justin. In the next moment, she could not hold back any longer and burst into tears. Tears streamed down her delicate face, dripping onto her tightly clenched hands resting on her knees. "Ms. Mead, please don't cry," lan said as he hurriedly pulled out several tissues and handed them to her.
lan had not seen someone cry so hysterically in ages, and it made him feel really uneasy to see her hunched over and gasping for breath.
Although Rachel cried hysterically, her genuine reaction was undeniably cute.
"Bella, did I scare her?" Justin asked as he stood frozen in place, anxiously looking at Bella.
Bella couldn't help but tease him. "Yeah, a always look like you're in Yo mood, as if someone on 19 you billions of dollars for a project." + Justin frowned and looked at lan, looking for confirmation. 'Is my expression really that bad?' lan nodded in affirmation.
'No doubt, your gloomy expression could be used to prevent scams.' Bella quickly went over to sit next to Rachel, gently wiping her tears and helping her blow her nose. She treated Rachel with such care, just like she would treat her own sister. "Rachel, it's okay to cry. Let it all out," Bella said soothingly.
###chapter1398
Bella did not ask Rachel any questions, not wanting to add any pressure to her.
“I... I just didn't expect that you would treat me... So kindly...” Rachel's eyes were swollen from crying, her voice choked with
emotion. “I know... You're doing this because... I'm a witness who can testify against Charles... But... Still... Thank you... For
respecting me.”
Rachel's tear-streaked face and her jumbled words made Bella and Justin feel suffocated, as if they were being strangled.
lan frowned, trying to calm himself before managing to control his rising anger.
At seventeen, Rachel was already physically and emotionally traumatized, and she might never fully heal from it.
lan thought, ‘It’s all Charles’ fault! If he doesn’t go to hell, who will?"
“Rachel, we didn’t simply treat you well and respect you just because you're a witness. Any kind-hearted girl in this world deserves
to be respected.”
Bella embraced the tearful girl in her arms, her own eyes welling up with tears. “Tragedy brought us together. But please believe
me, | will never let this tragedy happen again.”
Comforted by Bella's words, Rachel's crying gradually subsided. She took a few sips of the hot tea Justin had brought over, her
emotions gradually calming.
“Rachel, have you thought about it?” Bella held her shoulders and said sincerely, “Stepping forward means there’s no turning back.
It means going all out against the Iverson family. Justin and | will do our best to protect you, but it will inevitably affect your life and
your mother’s life. So, if you feel reluctant, or if it's just an impulsive decision, | still suggest that you...”
“Ms. Bella, do you know who gavethe courage to stand up and face all of this?” Rachel said. Still teary-eyed, she spoke with
unusual clarity, her eyes shining through the tears. “It's... Your sister, Ms. Amelia.”
“A-Amelia?” Bella's eyes widened slightly, her heart skipping a beat.
But Justin remained as impassive as ever. It was as if he had anticipated it all along.
Justin knew that Amelia would step forward without hesitation, knowing it wouldn't be a futile sacrifice. Girls always understood
each other the best.
“Ms. Amelia's courage has moved me,” Rachel said. Even though she was not yet an adult, she possessed maturity beyond her
years.
She continued, “Perhaps many people think that Ms. Amelia dares to speak out only because she’s the daughter of a wealthy
family and isn’t afraid of retaliation, thus showing such resilience. But | know the pressure she’s under. It might even be greater
than that of us ordinary people. This incident will have a significant impact on her future.
“While we will soon be forgotten by the world, the harm she’s suffered will turn into a shameful stigma. It will be mentioned time
and tagain, and she will be reminded of her wounds. | watched her livestream from beginning to end, and | cried from start to
finish. | cried for my own misfortune, but | was even more ashamed for being a coward. So | want to step forward and support Ms.
Amelia... | want to stand up for myself.”
Such insight and clarity were admirable and worthy of respect.
lan’s breathing grew heavy as he gazed deeply at Rachel, his heart filled with guilt.
###chapter1399
Before meeting Rachel, lan had thought that this girl with a poor background had mainly cto seek the protection of Justin and Bella.
But after hearing Rachel's heartfelt words, lan realized how narrow-minded and shallow he had been. Compared to this intelligent and clear-minded girl, he felt like a dirty stone.
"It's really wonderful that you can think like this,” Bella said, her eyes filled with tears as she hugged her again. "When the opportunity arises, I'll introduce you to my sister. You two will becgreat friends." That night, Rachel recounted in full detail the ordeal of her being humiliated and tormented by Charles.
Rachel's father had passed away when she was young, leaving the family in poverty. In order to support her education, her mother worked three jobs. She often worked until the early hours of the morning, even suffering from nosebleeds due to exhaustion, yet she could not bear to go to the hospital to check on her health.
Later, as Rachel grew up, she secretly worked to support the family financially. Her mother finally had a regular routine each day.
By chance, she got a job at a famous nightclub as a waitress due to her outstanding appearance. Although she was tired, her incwas really lucrative for a student like her.
"I thought that as long as I worked hard and stayed there, I could gradually improve our poor living conditions. As it turned out, I was simply too naive." Rachel closed her eyes, filled with tears of regret, as the scene of that night played in her mind.
The memories of her being forcibly dragged into the restroom of the private room by Charles, brutally pressed against the wall, and being violently raped.
His disgusting and obscene language still tortured her mentally to this day, waking her up almost every night from nightmares. Afterward, Charles discovered that he had taken away her virginity and even made sarcastic remarks about her.
-"Being fucked bywill make your first tworth it." "It turns out... Just like the other girls, I was secretly marked from the day I was hired... I was merely a toyees hands of those tycoons." S Chapter 1399 2 "That girl is mine tonight." the As Rachel finished recounting the painful memories, Rachel felt as if her entire soul had been pulled away. She leaned weakly eBella's embrace, sobbing uncontrollably. Her cheeks were wet with tears of despair. The victim had used up all their strength just to survive. The perpetrator, however, could still live a glorious life as if nothing had happened.
What kind of world did they live in where black and white were indistinguishable? Were good and evil disregarded? Justin remained silent throughout the entire time, listening to Rachel talk.
Although he didn't have much expression, the bloodthirsty and murderous gaze in his eyes clearly showed the anger in his heart.
lan, who had always been nervous, turned away with heartache and secretly wiped away the tears from his eyes. "Rachel, I'll never let this go. Definitely not." Bella declared, her voice hoarse with intense hatred.
She continued, "I'll help you deal with Charles and any obstacles that cyour way. You're not alone in this fight."
###chapter1400
After everything was arranged, it was already late at night.
For the sake of Rachel's safety, Bella had intended to let her stay in her villa until the issue with Charles was resolved. Not only would this ensure her safety as the witness, but Bella also genuinely liked this girl. Despite her unfortunate background, Rachel was constantly striving for self-improvement.
However, Rachel insisted on going back home because her mother had a weak heart. Besides, if her absence was discovered while she stayed here, it might give her mother a heart attack, even if it was simply going to the bathroom at night.
Fortunately, her mother had not contacted her tonight, so it meant that she was still asleep. It seemed like even the heavens were supporting this brave girl's decision.
lan escorted Rachel to the car, showing the utmost care throughout the journey.
Justin walked out of the door with his arm around Bella's shoulder. His rough and warm fingertips gently wiped away the glistening tears at the corners of her eyes. His large hand rested on the back of her neck as he planted a kiss on her forehead.
"Bella, it's really late. I saw you yawning secretly several times, and your eyelids are about to close. I'll send Ms. Mead back together with lan. Just wait for me at home."
"Don't you know why I'm yawning so much?" Bella pursed her red lips and muttered. "You're recharged, but you've drained all my energy, like I'm your personal power bank. I need some rest!"
Justin was proud because, even when she was worn out, her body language showed him how satisfied she was.
He spent more time in bed at home than in the kitchen. He had learned everything about pleasing her on his own.
Justin could not help but kiss her seductive lips. His lips were glued to hers, and his tongue pried open her lips as he kissed her passionately.
The kiss made Bella's heart go crazy, as if all her breath had been taken away by him.
Rachel saw the couple kissing through the car window and exclaimed excitedly, startling lan in the passenger seat!
"OMG! Can I take a photo and keep it as a souvenir? I really love seeing them together!"
"Huh...?" lan turned around and stared at her with his mouth hung open. He had already come up with over a hundred excuses in his mind to reject her request.
However, he softened in the end and sighed. "Just don't post it on social media, and it's best not to show it to others."
"No! This is for my own personal view only!"
Rachel looked gratefully at lan with clear and charming eyes. "Mr. Harris, you're so kind! Thank you!"
In the end, it was decided that Justin and lan would accompany Rachel home. Bella chose not to join them, fearing her low energy might further burden the young girl psychologically.
On the way, although Justin sat in the back seat with the girl, there was enough space between them to accommodate someone lying down.
Justin noticed that the girl's mood seemed to have improved significantly. She was engrossed in her phone, giggling inexplicably, and her mouth constantly curled into a smile.
Also, he noticed that lan kept glancing at the rearview mirror, his gaze drifting toward Rachel's face. Justin suddenly thought, 'Was I unnecessary here?'
The black car stopped beneath the old residential building.
Before getting out of the car, Justin lightly cleared his throat and said, "Ms. Mead, I think you should find an opportunity to have an honest conversation with your mother about this matter as soon as possible."
He continued, "In the future, you will have to testify in court as an important witness. I'm afraid your mother will find it even harder to accept by then."
"President Salvador, thank you for your reminder. Rachel's eyes dimmed slightly, but she forced a smile. "Although convincing my mother will be difficult, I know she's trying to protect me. But since I've come to you and Ms. Thompson, it means I have made up my mind. Whatever happens, I won't back down. I'd rather die speaking out than live in silence." Justin looked at her with admiration in his eyes and smirked slightly. "Bella often says the same thing. I'm glad to see the two of you sharing a similar mindset."
They accompanied Rachel to her doorstep. Just as she was about to enter her house, lan couldn't help but step forward. "Um... Ms. Mead."
Rachel turned back, blinking her eyes. "Yes, Mr. Harris?"
"Umm... Where did you buy your bear-rabbit bag? Could you tell me? I want to buy one for my sister," lan asked.
"The bear-rabbit? Haha..." Rachel's smile brightened. "I made it myself. I even designed the pattern by hand. This is the only one."
lan's eyes widened. "That's impressive..."
"If you like it, I can make one for your sister, but it will take some time," Rachel suggested tentatively. She gently asked, "Can you wait?"
"I'm willing to wait as long as it takes." lan responded eagerly. Somehow, his anticipation soared.
Then, they exchanged contacts on Whatsapp. With a polite farewell, Rachel gently closed the door behind her.
Justin scoffed and cast a sidelong glance at lan, his gaze playful As someone who doesn't settle for anything less than luxury for your sister, you are interested in that?" 
"Isn't it cute?" tan's eyes twinkled, his right hand clenched into a fist pressed against his lips as he awkwardly cleared his throat twice. "Isn't this kind of cute handmade product better than branded stuff? This is like exclusive customization."
"Young man, I think your intentions lie elsewhere." Justin's deep, starry eyes narrowed slightly.
Having worked closely with lan for many years, Justin understood him as well as he understood his own son.
lan's cheeks flushed, and he nervously scratched his head. "Huh...?"
"Let me just remind you that she is only seventeen. Now is the crucial time for her to focus on her studies."
ve Justin's expression suddenly turned serious. "Don't lead her astray or cause her harm. She's already been through enough." 
"Didn't you hear? She thinks I'm old. If I'd I entertained any impure thoughts, be worse than a monster! ftgo against all the principles of humanity!" lan's mind was in chaos, and he shook his head frantically. 
###chapter1401
Rachel had cried too much and wore herself out by sharing too many sad things with Bella. As a result, when she got back home, she ended up sleeping until the next afternoon.
Her mother went out to work with their neighbor. As Rachel had a hard time getting out of bed and wasn't in the mood to go out, she decided to give a call to the tailor she worked at and order some fabric to make the backpack for lan.
Honestly, if it had been someone else asking, she might not have been as ready to invest the time and effort. But when lan timidly made his request, his tone was so sincere that it was obvious he wasn't kidding.
Rachel took the assignment seriously and wanted to make one for him as soon as possible.
The tailor called in the evening to let her know that a runner was on the way with the fabric, which would be arriving soon. Rachel thanked him and waited patiently at home.
Not long after, there was a knock at the door. She couldn't wait to open the door, but as her hand landed on the doorknob, she stayed alert and asked cautiously, "Who is it?"
There was a pause from the person outside before they replied, "I have a parcel for you."
She thought, 'A parcel? Wasn't it supposed to be a runner delivering her items?'
Rachel felt suspicious and asked, "Are you local or from out of town?"
The person outside replied, "You'll see once you open the door to sign the package."
There was definitely something wrong. Something just did not feel right. Whether it was from past trauma or simply being extra sensitive, Rachel could clearly sense that there was something amiss about the person at the door.
She knew she could not open the door.
"I-I didn't order anything online. Are you sure you have the right address? Go check at someone else's house!"
Bang-!
The loud bang of someone kicking the door filled Rachel with fear. She trembled, quickly covering her mouth and stepping back with each sound!
Bang! Bang! Bang!
The old door rattled fiercely from the strong pounding, as if it could collapse any second!
Just as her call to 911 was connected, a tall, burly man dressed in black crashed through the door.
"Help!" Rachel was filled with intense fear, tears pouring down her face in an instant.
Before she could even see the man's face clearly, he had thrown her to the ground and choked her violently.
"Help... Help..."
Rachel's complexion turned to a dark purplish hue as she tried to defend herself against the man's rough, bulging arms. She struggled to make some noise with her throat being strangled, only able to get out a few broken words.
As she felt herself suffocating in despair, her vision blurred and the sound of the man's heavy breaths gradually faded away.
In a daze, Rachel felt the grip around her neck loosen.
Then she heard a commotion, with two shadowy figures grappling and fighting within the chaos.
In the last moments before losing consciousness, she heard someone calling her name, "Ms. Mead, hold on!"
She thought that it sounded like lan's voice.
However, in the end, she closed her eyes and fell into a coma.
lan and the man in black were locked in a fierce battle in the small living room.
He had been sent by Justin to check on Rachel's condition and deliver a condolence payment.
Unexpectedly, lan happened to see someone attempting to murder Rachel.
lan fought desperately with the assassin, but he was not a skilled fighter like Steve. His half-baked moves were not up to par with the assassin's combat skills. After several rounds, lan was thrown to the ground, feeling like every bone in his body had been broken,
"Since you can't mind your own business, then both of you shall die together!"
The assassin grabbed a kitchen knife from the stove, raised his arms, and plunged it directly into lan's chest.
Swish-!
"Arghh !"
At the critical moment, a gleaming knife cut through the tense air and swiftly slashed the murderer's arm, making him drop the kitchen knife due to intense pain.
With a clang, the kitchen knife fell to the ground.
"Mr. Ralph?!" lan exclaimed in disbelief.
Before the assassin could react, stro?gI Ralph moved swiftly, like lightning, and delivered a strong roundhouse kick sending the assassin flying the through the air before crashing heavily to the ground. "Don't move! If you move again, I'll shoot!" 
Ralph's long legs buckled as he landed on the man's back, knees com pressed against the man's spine. With a swift move, Ralph pulled out a gun from behind his waist and aimed it right at the back of the man's head.
The assassin didn't dare to fight back, but his right arm was still bleeding as he winced in agony.
"Captain Thompson!"
"Captain Thompson! Are you okay?!"
At this moment, two police officers from the same team also showed up. They put handcuffs on the assassin and made him stand.
"Take this guy back. Get an ambulance here right away! We have a woman who's been hurt!" Ralph was resolute as he quickly issued his commands.
"Yes, Captain Thompson!"
His subordinates quickly escorted the assassin into the police car, putting an end to the crisis.
At that moment, lan, battered and bruised, struggled to rise from the ground. With the last of his strength, he held the unconscious Rachel in his arms. "Ms. Mead... Hold on... You must hold on!"
As lan took a step forward, his body shook in pain, but he was quickly supported by Ralph. "lan, what are you doing? Don't you realize you're badly injured too?"
"I... I'll take her to the hospital!" lan was panting and holding the girl tightly in his arms. He could hardly see the road in front of him. "
###chapter1402
Police cars and ambulances gathered in front of the old residential area. The residents were anxiously watching the events unfold as they heard about the violent break-in.
Ralph was worried and ordered his subordinates to bring the assassin back to the police station first. Meanwhile, he accompanied the ambulance to the hospital to ensure lan and Rachel were taken care of. Af the same time, he also called Bella and Justin to inform them of the situation.
In the ambulance, Rachel, who was in shock, wore an oxygen mask. The purplish hue had faded, leaving her with a distressingly pale face.
"Ms. Mead... You must stay alive... Nothing can happen to you."
lan's face was battered and swollen from the fight, but he didn't care about his own injuries. All he cared about was the girl's safety. He held her delicate hand tightly throughout the journey.
"Her vital signs are currently stable, so don't worry too much." Ralph reassured him gently.
It was evident that lan's deep concern for the girl went beyond her role as a witness against Charles.
"How did you appear here out of nowhere?" lan asked, trying to calm his chaotic thoughts.
"Bella thought it was a big deal to have Rachel testify. Since she's still a minor, it's only fair to let her guardian know. So I'm here to not just check on their situation but also speak with Rachel's mother. After all, Bella believes that in her mother's eyes, the police are far more trustworthy than she is."
Ralph couldn't shake off the weight of the consequences of his late arrival. A solemn expression clouded his usually composed demeanor. "I didn't expect to encounter this kind of situation. It seems that some people are becoming impatient."
lan was shocked. Justin had sent him, while Bella sent Ralph. The two of them had not communicated privately, yet their thoughts and actions were surprisingly aligned.
People said that couples would grow to look alike as time passed. Has anyone heard of couples who thought alike?
"Oh, right, this is for you."
lan reached into his grimy trousers and pulled out the butterfly knife, passing it to Ralph. "You forgot to take this."
Seeing lan in so much agony but still thinking of others, Ralph was moved. He took the knife and gripped it firmly in his hand. "I totally forgot... Thanks, lan. I really appreciate it."
"I remember that Ms. Thompson also has one."
"Yes, Bella and I have the same knife. It was a gift from Asher."
Ralph's childhood memories were triggered, and a fond smile appeared in his eyes. "Asher was like the ultimate knife expert to us. He loved playing with different knives and weapons, even more than Drew did. Instead of playing typical games with us like other older siblings, he would experiment with cleverly crafted knives along with me and Bella. Collecting knives was his favorite hobby, and we had over a thousand of them at home."
lan was speechless and felt a chill. Cold sweat dripped from his nose.
In the future, if Justin marries into the family, he should always remember to avoid arguing about small things and never speak out of turn. It would be better to stay cautious. Otherwise, he might not even realize how his actions could lead to trouble.
"Our eldest brother noticed that Bella and I both had a talent for knives, so he not only taught us everything he knew but also gave us each a butterfly knife."
Ralph gazed at the exquisite and fragile knife in his n his handa. handa grin m spreading across his face. 
"Bella is much better at using it than
I am, so I usually keep it hidden and avoid showing it off. Of course, m usually can't bear to use it too, but tonight, things were urgent. If I had 
fired a gun around here, it would've Lagun
been much worse, so the knife was my only option. Luckily I haven't lost my touch too much." 
lan's mouth hung half-open, his jaw stiff as if it were dislocated.
###chapter1403
lan thought, 'Did the almighty Ralph just claim that he isn't as good as Bella when it comes to throwing knives? Damn, Bella is truly a beautiful monster!'
At the Thompson Hospital, Bella and Justin quickly rushed over after hearing the news and took care of everything.
Rachel had made it through the critical phase thanks to the timely treatment and was moved to a general ward.
Apart from some bruising on his face and a broken left arm, lan was mostly unscathed. He stayed in the room next door to Rachel's.
However, lan did not plan on staying put. Once his bones were reattached, he quickly went to check on Rachel's condition.
The situation at the hospital was left in the care of Bella and Justin, while Ralph rushed back to the police station to handle the dangerous criminal who attempted to murder a witness.
At this moment, Dr. Cartman came by to personally conduct an examination on Rachel.
Justin put his arm around Bella's waist, holding her gently as he reassured her softly. "Bella, don't worry. Everything is alright. Rachel is safe now. That's all that matters."
Bella looked at the girl with reddened eyes, feeling a heavy sense of guilt in her chest as she lay unconscious. "I'm glad you sent lan today. I was thinking about getting Ralph to speak to Rachel's mother. But imagine if we had been careless? What if lan and Ralph had come just a bit later?"
The possibilities they had considered were merely theoretical, but they still sent shivers down their spines.
A small mistake in those scenarios could have resulted in the death of an innocent girl or the loss of a loyal secretary who was like family to them.
Both outcomes would have left them with deep remorse and anguish for years to come.
Seeing tears welling up in Bella's almond eyes, Justin felt a tightness in his throat and an ache in his heart as he pulled her into his arms. He whispered comforting words and stroked her back, just wanting to ease her pain and self-blame without even knowing what to say.
lan felt even more helpless. "Young Madam! Ms. Mead and I are both fine. Please... Please don't cry! Your tears make me feel like crying too!"
"I could have done better. I could have protected her." Bella tried hard to hold back her feelings, but a tear still rolled down her radiant face. "I made it easy for the bad guys to take advantage. I feel so stupid!"
"If you're stupid, then what am I, an idiot?" Justin said affectionately as he rested his forehead against hers.
Bella replied, "You're not an idiot."
She playfully punched the man's abs and giggled through her tears. "You're a puppy that follows me everywhere."
lan chuckled and dropped his head, a wide smile spreading across his face.
Justin certainly had a way to cheer Bella up.
After Dr. Cartman finished
.net
examining Rachel, he sighed distressingly, "This girl looks really neck is sp him, and her frail. Her neck is fingers are like sticks. She definitely seems malnourished. She's aft bones." 
were her parents so careless?"
Bella and Justin were so sad that they couldn't say a word, while lan's eyes suddenly turned red.
"Look at the bruises on her neck. I think the assassin could have m snapped her neck with just a little mere force." Dr. Cartman shook his head sadly and walked away. 
Bella clenched her teeth, feeling her rage consume her. "Who else m could've hurt Rachel besides the Iversons?!" 
###chapter1404
"We've been cautious and have made sure no details leaked out." Justin's eyes turned cold and dark. "I think the Iverson family has placed spies around the homes of the two main witnesses, watching them closely. They found out about our meeting with Rachel and were worried she might become a witness, so they wanted to eliminate her."
"Damn it!" Bella and lan exclaimed in unison.
"Charles is still detained. He couldn't have contacted anyone. So who are the ones acting on his behalf? Could it be that bastard, Christopher?!" lan asked with frustration.
Bella disagreed with a slight shake of her head. "It can't be Christopher. Out of the whole Iverson family, he's the one who really wants to see those scoundrels in the family brought down one by one. There is no way he would help Charles. It's probably Lance and James instead."
"It's James, no doubt about it," Justin said confidently, his gaze cold.
Bella quickly grabbed his hand, her stunning eyes darting around. "Justin, what makes you so certain it's him?"
"Lance is not a gangster who goes around killing people he doesn't like. He's a relatively successful businessman, and successful businessmen understand the importance of playing it safe. So unless there's really no other choice, he wouldn't go to such extreme lengths.
"Even if Charles does end up with some time behind bars, the Iversons will probably pull some strings and get him out in twelve or thirteen years at the most. Plus, as the chairman of the group, Lance wouldn't take any chances by resorting to murder just to save someone insignificant like Charles, especially if that meant risking everything."
Justin's rational assessment made sense. "Also, Charles isn't his sole heir. There is also James and the up-and-coming talent, Christopher. Lance wouldn't get involved in that mess. But the situation with James is different. Bella, you're the one who knows best about the complex dynamics within the Iverson family."
Suddenly, Bella felt that Justin had pushed away the gloom in her heart. Her thoughts became clearer.
"That jerk, Christopher, currently has Lance's favor, while James must be fuming and getting bolder in his schemes to win back his father's approval. He's probably trying to earn points with Lance by clearing Charles' name. The Iverson siblings have always mistreated Christopher, and James and Astrid have benefited from him over the years. If James can help Charles, it's like gaining an ally for himself, especially since Charles still has shares in the Iverson group."
Justin's throat felt dry as he swallowed, an unexplained feeling of agitation growing inside him. "Bella, do you sympathize with Christopher?"
"Yes, I do."
His breath hitched, and his hand on her waist tightened slowly.
"But what I sympathize with is the Christopher from fifteen years ago. Not the current Christopher, who's become disturbingly obsessed with greed and ruthlessness."
As Bella recalled her friendship with Christopher when they were younger, a variety of intense feelings stirred inside her, but she kept looking at Justin steadily, without any hesitation. "I believed that someone who had experienc net pain would comprehend the desire to protect others from hardship. But instead, he turned into someone who continuously destroyed other people. I don't understand what led him to change like this when he went to Sentania, but whatever it was, it doesn't justify his behavior."
If one were to compare the hardships Justin faced in the past, they were much greater than what Christopher experienced. However even with hew conflicts and old grudges, Justin never lost his good nature or tarnished his clear soul. That's why she admired him. Justin was a person of strong morals and righteousness. Who wouldn't love someone like that?
After hearing what she said, Justin smiled with a mix of relief and sarcasm, giving the woman a tender kiss on the cheek.
"President Salvador, Young Madam, I'll send someone to look into it right away, starting with James!" lan glared at them with intense hatred in his eyes.
"lan, you don't need to worry about anything from now on. Just focus on healing your wounds." Justin refused with a serious expression, "Bella and I will find a way regarding James. Ralph will deal with the assassin who hurt Ms. Mead."
Bella leaned on Justin's arms and raised her eyebrows.
"But... But I'm still worried!"
lan was out of breath, feeling the pain in his heart. "When I think of Msm Mead being strangled by that man, pleading for help, I just wish I could take him down myself!" 
"If you want peace of mind, then just stay by Rachel's side."
Bella could tell what he was thinking and gently said, "Look out for her like a big brother. Make sure she's well taken care of, and focus on helping e her gain weight. Tan, that's the most important thing right now." "Young Madam..." lan's eyes filled with tears as he struggled to speak, but before he could say anything, there was a knock at the door from outside the ward. 
"Ms. Bella, are you inside?"
It was Steven, who had rushed over upon hearing the news.
Bella and Justin hurried over to open the door. "Steve!"
Outside, Steven was sweating profusely, clearly having rushed there. His voice was urgent "Ms!! Bella, when I arrived, I happened to run into Mrs. Mead and the parents of another girl who was victimized. 
###chapter1405
Justin felt a sinking feeling in his heart and quickly turned to Bella. "Bella, I'll go see them by myself."
All the gossip and negative comments about Bella were spreading everywhere, especially in a sensitive environment like a hospital. Any disagreements with the families of the witnesses could pose a risk to Bella.
Justin was prepared to deal with it all on his own, but he couldn't bear to see her go through any of it. It would be too painful for him to witness her suffering.
"I understand your intention, Justin," Bella said soothingly as she covered his hand with hers. "But they're really eager to meet me, and if I hadn't pushed to see Rachel, things wouldn't have gotten so out of control. I've just got to take the lead here, apologize, and show them that I mean it. You know me. Hiding is not my style."
"I'm not one to hide either," Justin said, looking deeply into her eyes and holding her hand tightly. "I'll come with you."
Even though Rachel was placed in a VIP ward with strict privacy and security measures, Steven was still worried that the victims' families might make a scene at the hospital and damage Bella's reputation. So, he made sure they were taken to the VIP area as fast as possible.
Bella and Justin stood side by side in the corridor, watching anxiously as Mrs. Mead and the other victim hurried toward them. Despite her calm expression, Bella felt a sense of unease in her heart. The three individuals stopped in front of them.
Justin's eyes held a hint of vigilance amidst their icy stare, while Steven also kept a close watch, fearing any impulsive actions toward Bella.
Mrs. Mead still had tears glistening on her face, and her eyes were as red as those of a lioness who had not slept in days. Even though she had not said anything yet, it was clear from the look on her face that she held some strong resentment toward Bella.
Bella clenched her numb fingers and was about to speak when she was interrupted.
"Ms. Thompson! President Salvador! I beg of you... Please, you must save my daughter! I'm begging you!" With a thud, the parents of the other victim unexpectedly kneeled before them.
"P-Please, please get up! Please don't do this. Let's talk things out calmly!" Bella and Justin hurried forward to support them, but then et parents of the girl were already sobbing uncontrollably, their bodies stil heavy as they sank down.
If it were not for Steven's timely assistance, Bella feared she would not be able to support the grieving mother!
"Please... Promise you'll save my child... If not, I won't get up!" The girl's mother sobbed deeply, her tears falling nonstop and her grief tugging at her heart.
Bella's chest ached, and her eyes teared up. "Please don't cry. It's not good for your health. Please stand up first and talk slowly."
"What's the meaning of you two coming here to cry in front of our Young Madam?"
lan marched toward them with visible frustration at their sudden display of desperation, as if they had only turned to God for help when things got tough.
"I've been the one communicating with you on behalf of Young Madam and President Salvador all this time. Have you forgotten how you treated us? Young Madam did consider helping you out, offering a way to escape your troubles, and yet, you rejected it."
"lan, that's enough!" Justin's eyes narrowed, and his voice was stern.
Mrs. Mead erupted with fury, her finger pointed directly at Bella as she exclaimed, "Helping us?) Is this your idea of helping? If it weren't for you, my daughter wouldn't have been subjected to such cruelty! All you cared about was using her 
ver et
testimony to settle your own scores. Did it ever occur to you that it would have an impact on regular people like us? My seventeen-year-old has already endured so much, and all she wants now is a chance at a peaceful life. Can't you give her that?" 
Since it was Rachel's mother, lan did not confront her, but her words still infuriated him. He could not believe how sharp and perceptive Rachel was at such a young age, yet her mother seemed so out of touch lan was fuming, his chest heaving with anger, and his eyes blazing with fury.
It felt like Mrs. Mead had not learned anything from life. Could someone with such muddled thinking really be responsible for a child?
"The Iverson family has been keeping a close watch on everything you do. Do you really want your daughter to grow up with no privacy and under ve constant surveillance?" Justin frowned, clearly annoyed by Mrs. Mead's lack of common sense. 
###chapter1406
"I know... I've always known! But so what?" Mrs. Mead trembled all over, almost hysterical.
"I'd rather it be like this than let my daughter suffer any harm and be in danger. Her life was finally getting back on track. Everything was improving, and you've made it all a mess again! You almost got my daughter killed! You self-centered capitalists! You only care about your own comfort and dictate other people's lives! Who gives you the right?!"
Bella felt as if she was stabbed fiercely in the heart. She was normally quick- witted and always ready to retort. But at this moment, her throat was choked with immense grievance and self-blame, leaving her speechless.
"You're too naive." Justin's long fingers gripped Bella's trembling waist. His handsome face was as calm as water, like a god looking down on worldly suffering. "You're only able to live peacefully now because the Iverson Group is currently in chaos. Charles Iverson is still detained by the police, so they're too busy to focus on you."
Mrs. Mead's expression stiffened, her bloodshot eyes filled with confusion.
"As soon as Charles' trouble is resolved and he regains his freedom, he can do whatever he wants again. Given his vengeful nature, do you think he'll easily let your daughter off? If you don't eradicate them, Rachel will never live in peace."
"Mr. Salvador is right! Mrs. Mead, don't be foolish!" The other victim's father was still standing strong, but her eyes were filled with tears as she looked at Bella and Justin with a helpless expression.
"Mr. Salvador, Ms. Thompson! It's not that we don't want to seek your help. The Iverson Group has been threatening us. If we spoke out of line, the Iverson Group would have ways to make our family disappear from Savrow. How dare we confront them head-on?"
He continued, "Before we could be certain if you could help us, we could only oblige, not daring to contact you at all."
The other victim's mother covered her face in despair.
"But these days, my daughter's mental state is crumbling. The day before yesterday, she locked herself in her room and attempted to cut her wrists."
A towering rage and heartache surged through Bella's chest. It was as if the blood in her veins was boiling.
"What..." Mrs. Mead is suddenly stunned!
"My daughter. She's only sixteen. She's younger than your daughter and not as mentally strong as your daughter The mother cried as if her soul were about to break. "That monster, Charles, deserves to be struck by lightning! Why does my daughter have to suffer like this? What did she do wrong?"
The girl's father said bitterly, "We endured silently, but my daughter's physical and mental health can never be normal again. Everything has been destroyed by that monster! Since that's the case, what's the point of enduring silently?! Qur daughter is still alive, but she's been completely ruined by him!"
"How's your daughter now? Is she out of danger?!" Bella's eyes were red. She was more concerned about the girl's physical condition now. "If she's still in the hospital, I can arrange for her to be transferred to our hospital under KS Group. We'll cover all medical expenses." 
"Ms. Thompson..." The girl's parents were too moved to speak.
"And also, once your daughter recovers, I'll invite top-notch psychologists to come and provide counseling for your child. I believe she will surely become strong and emerge from the trauma." "Thank you, Ms. Thompson! You're our savior!"
Mrs. Mead was also stunned. She thought that Bella would have taken the opportunity to trample on their dignity for past humiliation. Never did she expect that Bella would not only overlook the past but also help them wholeheartedly. Mrs. Mead was the petty one. 
"Mrs. Mead." Bella walked up to her,
carefully grasping her rough hand.
She gave it a small squeeze.
"Although I'm not a mother, I can completely understand your feelings because I hate Charles just as much as you do. Don't forget, my younger sister is a victim too. I also have selfish goals, so I want to unite all the victims and demand justice from the Iverson family. Will you help me?" 
###chapter1407
The following afternoon, Rachel finally regained consciousness from her coma. Upon waking up, she saw her mother and lan, who had been waiting by her bedside for her to wake up. Rachel was excited and touched. In the heat of the moment, she threw herself into her mother's arms. The mother and daughter were reunited after the ordeal, crying together in each other's embrace. The usually cold lan silently shed tears at the touching scene. He quickly wiped them away. After all, he must maintain the demeanor of an elder.
"Mom, no matter what you say, I won't change my mind." Rachel gently wiped her mother's tears, her gaze unusually resolute. "I've decided to testify in court. If I don't fight for my own destiny, even Ms. Thompson and Mr. Salvador won't be able to help me."
Mrs. Mead choked up. "Rachel... I'm so worried for you."
"Mom, if you're worried about me, then please don't stop me. I must speak up and seek justice for myself and the other girls hurt by Charles."
lan's eyes narrowed, and his heart was pounding. He felt that Rachel had matured even more overnight. Her unwavering and resolute gaze even reminded him a little of Bella.
"Rachel... I was wrong before. I was confused..." Mrs. Mead nodded vigorously, holding her daughter tightly. "I will respect your decision."
Just as lan was about to quietly leave, Rachel suddenly smiled gratefully and introduced him to her mother. "Mom, this is Mr. Harris. He's Mr. Salvador's secretary. Yesterday, he did everything he could to save me. He's my lifesaver."
"Thank you! Thank you so much, sir!" Mrs. Mead expressed her gratitude tearfully.
lan scratched his head, blushing sheepishly. "Uh... Please, just call me lan."
"Mom, could you do me a favor today and go home? Get the fabric I bought and my toolbox." Rachel raised her long eyelashes and glanced shyly at lan, biting her lip. "I'm bored staying in the hospital, and I want to finish the backpack I promised to make for Mr. Harris. I don't want him to wait too long."
lan's breathing became erratic, his heart pounding so intensely that it felt like it might burst from his chest. "No, no need, Ms. Mead! Your recovery is the priority. Don't trouble yourself over such a small matter for me!"
Rachel lightly shook her head, her bright eyes shimmering with moisture. "It's just a craft project, not tiring at all. Besides, you lack nothing, and I have nothing to give you in return. This is just a small token of appreciation. I hope you won't dislike it."
In the lounge next door, the young couple sat side by side on the sofa. Justin was busy handling group affairs on his laptop, while Bella was earnestly eating from her lunchbox nearby.
"Mm... Justin, you should take a break and eat first." Bella picked up a cube of steak and offered it to Justin's lips. "The lunch boxes near the hospital are not bad."
Justin's eyes remain fixed on the screen. He leaned toward her to take a bite and slowly chewed the meat.
Bella stared at his slightly glistening lips, his strong masculine jawline, and those long eyelashes that fluttered like thick fans.
She thought, 'Good lord, how can this man be so sexy even while eating? It's infuriating!'
"Hmm... I don't like it." Justin furrowed his brows lightly.
"Well, to have something to eat. This place has received a lot of good reviews. Hmph, you're such a picky eater." Bella picked up another piece and popped it into her mouth, savoring the food. Justin thought that Bella was so adorable. Her beauty was never pretentious. No matter how uncomfortable or harsh the environment, with her by his side, he felt at home.
His heart melted, and his eyes burned with desire. Suddenly, he pecked her oily lips.
"Ah! I didn't even wipe my mouth yet. Don't you mind?" Bella blinked her beautiful eyes, feeling a tingling sensation in her heart.
"I can't get enough of you. Why would I mind?"
Chapter 1407 1
Bella hugged his neck, raising her small face playfully. "Okay, I'll be waiting to taste it. Just don't mess it up."
The two finished their lunch in a lovey-dovey manner.
Bella suddenly remembered something and smiled. "I can see that lan is quite fond of Rachel. Could it be..."
"It's inappropriate." Justin frowned and shook his head.
"What's wrong? Can't he fall in love?" Bella squinted her eyes playfully, resting her elbow on his broad shoulder.
"There's nothing wrong with falling in love. I'm just worried it might affect Rachel. Isn't she taking the college entrance exam this year? We can't let her studies be affected."
Justin affectionately cupped Bella's chin.
He had a hint of parental concern in his tone. "Besides, they've only known each other for two or three days. How can things develop so quickly? I don't believe in love at first sight." 
"Oh? You don't believe it?" Bella's warm breath wafted over his handsome nose.
"But I fell in love with you at first sight."
Justin chuckled, his lips curling up.
"Bella, the first time you saw me was at Mount Jaglee, right? You were only eleven that year." 
"Yes, I have started liking you since then. I've chased after you ever since, Justin." Bella didn't hide hide her love for him, her eyes sparkling like a blooming rose. 
Justin suddenly felt a tingling sensation in his heart. He felt a wave of bitterness rising up. Although love knows no timing, what she said still made him feel ashamed. He was unable to lift his head. S Just then, Bella's phone rang. Seeing that it's from Ralph, she quickly answered,
"Ralph? What's up? Did you find out anything?"
Ralph said, "That guy confessed, and we also found out his background. He's one of Charles' thugs."
Both of them are stunned. "Who? Charles?!"
###chapter1408
"| thought it would be James or Lance. But it turned out to be one of Charles' men." Ralph harbored some doubts, pondering. "Besides, I'm afraid Charles might have some ulterior motives. | even had people closely monitoring his lawyer these past two days. After all, he hasn't seen anyone besides his lawyer. But his lawyer is normal, and his call records have been checked. There's been no contact with the murderer."
"That's strange. Could it be that the people under Charles are fiercely loyal to him? Were they afraid of getting exposed, so they acted on their own without communicating with him? Does he really have such an elite team?" Bella furrowed her brow in contemplation.
Suddenly, she chuckled coldly. "Could it be that James left himself a backdoor when he made his move the last time? Does he plan to kill with a borrowed knife?"
"What do you mean? Using Charles’ thugs to commit murder?" Justin asked in his low, magnetic voice.
"Since James was eager to take action, he must have dispatched people to monitor Rachel. When they found out she had contact with us, they wanted to silence her." Although Bella had a fiery temper, she was calm during crucial moments.
Bella analyzed the situation meticulously. "But doing something like this is risky. They need to succeed on the first try and eliminate the threat as quickly as possible under our noses, which undoubtedly poses significant risks. So, James probably thought of using Charles’ men to do it. This way, even if the murderer was caught, the suspicion would fall on Charles, and he has ways to escape."
Justin stared fixedly at Bella, as if she were a reincarnation of Athena, radiating boundless wisdom. His mind stopped working at this moment, too engrossed in his admiration of her.
“Huh, the Iverson family really is a united bunch!" Ralph clenched his teeth in resentment. "I'll investigate this, starting with James. Neither of these scumbag brothers will escape justice!"
"Surely, James has already gotten wind of it and cleaned himself up completely. This kind of hired murderer lacks a clear connection and leaves no direct evidence. I'm afraid it will be very difficult to catch him by the tail." Bella's eyes were cold and stern.
"I'm so frustrated! | can't eat if | don’t catch that bastard!" Ralph was furious. "| hate this feeling the most when | know who the killer is but I'm not able to catch him!"
"It's okay, Ralph, just go at your own pace. Don't be impatient or overly obsessed. Perhaps, as things progress, there will be unexpected gains." Bella reassured him. After the call ended, the room fell into silence.
"Bella." Justin opened his arms to embrace her, his sharp jaw nuzzling gently into her fragrant hair. "Although my idea might not be the best, | suddenly feel that it's not bad either of all the evidence points to Charles, then it's not just simple rape anymore. It's hiring someone to commit murder and attempted murder. With multiple charges, he'll end up sitting in jail for a long time."
"Sigh, it's unbelievable how you always think the same as me." Bella faced him, her slender arms hooking around his waist as she nestled softly into his chest. Justin's eyes were ignited with desire.
Bella continued, "But sentencing
Charles to just ten or twenty years is too easy for him. | was planning to hire the top legal team in t epuntry for ROG that bit determined tdbtihg that scumbag to justice. Hmph! | didn't expect his own brother to do the job before | could even start. Their brotherly love is enough to make one cry." The content is on ! Read the latest chapter there!
"Everyone in that family has twisted values and constantly undermines each other. They really don't know what familial love Reo itwe do netipaurenséte come of their internal strife can only be self-destruction." Justin spoke lightly, his warm yet restless gaze wandering behind her. His fingers naturally slipped into her shirt, caressing her delicate skin. Each touch igniting a fire. Content The content is on ! Read the latest chapter there!
With each touch, Bella melted like snow in the spring. Fireworks w going off in her cenit if. rhyta of cbldrs: MS ips were sealed by his, and their tongues were deeply entwined. The content is on ! Read the latest chapter there!
Unable to restrain himself, Justin's lips grazed her earlobe. His voice was husky with desire as he said, "I'll go lock the door."
Electrified, Bella managed to overcome her desires with a surge of reason. She suddenly pinched his waist hard. "Stop it! This is a hospital! No nonsense allowed!" 
###chapter1409
Naturally, James was the first to hear about the news of the assassin's arrest. He was actually mentally prepared for it.
But after learning that Ralph had caught the assassin, he was still up all night with worry, unable to get any sleep. His mind was racing with a million thoughts.
"Don't worry, Mr. Iverson." James' trusted secretary, Zane, reassured him with a cunning smile. "You've already planned for this hidden threat and made sure to take steps to protect yourself. The person I found wasn't hired by you directly, and we have him under control. His wife and children are all in our hands. Right now, he can only stay silent if he wants to protect his family."
"No, it's not enough to just stay silent," James said as he massaged his aching forehead. His eyes looked tired, with a hint of malice. "He needs to push all the blame on Charles! There has to be someone behind this, or do you really think the Thompsons will let it slide so easily?"
Zane nodded repeatedly. "You're right."
James raised the whisky glass from the table, swishing the ice cubes around inside. A sly smile played on his lips. "Well, he used to work for Charles. He can handle cleaning up this situation. It's kind of his final contribution to the Iverson family."
"Mr. Iverson, there's another issue at hand. We need to find a way to prevent the young master of the Thompson family from getting involved in this case again, so we can operate smoothly." James narrowed his eyes menacingly. "Hmph, I've already figured out a way to do that."
The next day, the explosive news that Ralph was the son of Wyatt Thompson spread like wildfire on the internet, causing quite a stir.
[That handsome police officer turned out to be the son of the richest man in Hatchbay?! How can he be so low-key?!]
[He's actually Bella Thompson's brother?! Why doesn't he look like her at all?]
[I heard he's the son of the second mistress, not the wife. Isn't he just an illegitimate son, then?]
[Enough with the nonsense! The second madam is Wyatt's wife too. Even if her status is not as high, it's still legal, okay?!]
[Stop pretending to know things and show off your low standards here. The children of the second wife are all outstanding. Your family won't be able to hold a candle to them!]
Although positive voices outnumbered negative ones online, Ralph was still ordered not to intervene in Charles' case.
As the victim involved was his sister Amelia, Ralph could only hand over the case to another team.
On the day of the handover, the
captain of the second team proudly asked Ralph, "Young Master Thompson, you've worked hard during this period. Is there anything else you need to explain?" 
Ralph tilted his head and half-jokingly said, "It looks like it's time for you to turn into a corrupt cop."
The captain frowned. "What do you mean by that?"
Ralph deliberately spoke loudly for others to hear "It's common knowledge that the Iverson family likes to collaborate with officials and businessmen. They like to use sugar-coated bullets to bombard people. This case was originally suppressed by them. It was my sister who bravely exposed Charles' misdeeds under tremendous pressure, which brought the case back to national attention." 
All his colleagues turned their gaze toward Ralph.
"So, now, I'm not speaking to you as a colleague, but as a victim's family member, demanding you to supervise and ensure that Charles Iverson is punished to the fullest extent. All members of the Thompson family are waiting for your good news." 
The captain's expression stiffened, and his legs trembled secretly under the table.
Ralph patted his colleague's shoulder heavily and gave him a half-smile before turning around and leaving gracefully.
###chapter1410
After the assassin was captured, Rachel and the other girl, who had been assaulted by Charles, along with their families, arrived at the police station to report the incident under the protection arranged by Bella and Justin.
At this point, Charles' crime of raping a minor was confirmed. There was hardly any chance of turning the tables.
The media gathered outside the police station, and the news spread like wildfire.
The police closely guarded the identities and information of the two victimized girls. Although the media did not take a single photo, it did not stop them from grabbing the headlines.
"Charles Iverson's rape confirmed!"
"The Iversons threaten the victims' families."
"Charles Iverson suspected of hiring an assassin!"
"Charles Iverson, it's over!"
The sentiment of online public opinion was also reversing!
Those who previously insulted, doubted, and mocked Amelia were nowhere to be found. Instead, there was a chorus of cheers, admiration, and praise.
[Amelia Thompson actually stood up under tremendous pressure, revealing her own wounds to speak up for the victims. Admirable!]
[Where are those keyboard warriors who accused her of seeking attention? Come out and face the truth!]
[The Iversons even dares to threaten the families of the victimized girls, preventing them from reporting to the police! Absolutely lawless! If it weren't for Amelia Thompson, this case would never have seen the light of day!]
[Does the concept of law even exist in front of the financial magnates? LOL!]
[If Charles Iverson isn't sentenced to life imprisonment, then there's simply no law and justice in this country!]
Just as Iverson Group was
beginning to settle down, they faced
another massive onslaught of
negative public opinion. If it weren't for Christopher previously stabilizing Iverson Group's stock prices and restarting the Sentania project, Iverson Group would likely have suffered a serious blow. 
After the group meeting today, as the senior executives left, Lance made James and Christopher stay behind.
With a loud bang, Lance angrily threw the documents on the table toward James' face, but the latter dodged it.
"Wasn't it just rape?! How did it turn into attempted murder now?!" Lance's eyes were blazing with fury. "How did you handle this mess? Why is the situation getting worse?! Have you reached the end of your term as the president?!"
Christopher's refined face remained calm, with just a barely noticeable lift of his lips as he pushed up his gold-rimmed glasses.
"Dad! This matter has nothing to do with me. I've done my best to help Charles clear his name!"
James looked innocent and
aggrieved. "But that kid couldn't
keep calm and refused to fully trust
me. He even came up with the idea of killing them. Not only did he dig a hole for our Iverson Group, but he also backed himself into a corner. Those two girls have come out to testify under the protection of Bella and Justin. Dad, we can't protect Charles anymore!" 
"That's strange. Charles is in jail. Even if he wanted to do this, he wouldn't be able to take action, right?" Christopher toyed with his pen, raising an eyebrow playfully "James, could it be that you helped Charles with the task and messed it up? After all, apart from his lawyer, he's only seen you during this time." 
James' heart trembled. "Christopher, don't spout nonsense! I'm not as foolish as Charles!"
"What do we do now?!" Lance pointed angrily at his embarrassed face. "Before the sun sets tomorrow, you must come up with a solution for me! Otherwise, you can quit as the president of the group and hand it over to Christopher!"
###chapter1411
"Dad, Charles attempted murder! He contracted a killer, and Ralph stopped him in the act. Not even the best attorney I can find will save him now."
James banked on the fact that his old man would not retaliate, given his strong network of supporters within the company and control over the project from Asher. He pulled the rug from under Lance.
"Just be straight if you have a problem with me. Why must you take a dig at me? Who has been devoted to you? Who has been the one to work hard for the company? Haven't I done enough? Besides, Charles did this to himself. We wouldn't be in so much trouble if he had kept it in his pants. Our family will be ruined if we clean up after him again."”
James was stating facts.
Although Charles was Lance's favorite, Lance started to lose patience with his willful son over the recent distressing events.
"Breathe, Dad. I think James has a point."
Christopher said, "My opinion might come across as brutal, but for the sake of the Iverson Group, you would have to put aside your feelings for Charles and do what's best for all of us. The individual arrested can be linked back to Charles, and someone has to take responsibility."
Lance pressed his lips together, his expression grimacing.
"Christopher is right. The blowback on us will be dire if we protect Charles, Dad." For once, James took the enemy's side.
"In that case, I'm giving you full reins to take care of this, James."
Lance closed his eyes bitterly, his hoarse voice reflecting the agony of losing his son. "This is as far as my relationship with Charles goes."
With Lance gone, Christopher and James were the only ones left in the meeting room.
They were like the last two survivors of a brutal game.
"It's you and me now, James. We should look out for each other."
Christopher rose to his feet with grace and looked askance at James. "Try to lay it down on Charles gently when you see him. He's known to be emotional. If he finds out that he's never walking out free, he'll probably flip out and kill you." 
"You just got lucky. Don't be cocky."
James gritted his teeth resentfully, but he knew to hit where it hurt the most. "Astrid and Charles are behind bars. No thanks to you. Bella and Justin make such a lovely couple to go up against the family." It killed Christopher to be reminded that Bella and Justin were a couple.
Christopher tensed up. Even the air he breathed felt crisp.
James taunted, "You're just a bastard who fucked out on someone else's victory. Do you think you can talk your way to acquiring Dad's trust? Do you think you can win by pitting the family against each other? 
"A double-crossing asshole like you never amounts to anything. You can hide behind the expensive suit and refined demeanor, but I can see you for the pathetic loser you are. No wonder Bella doesn't give you the time of the day. What do you have on Justin? You make me sick." 
Christopher narrowed his eyes dangerously.
He approached James aggressively, his fists clenching and his knuckles cracking.
"Are you going to hit me here, Chris?"
James smiled snarkily and pointed at the ceiling. "There are cameras everywhere. You will show that you are not the kind and docile guy you make out to be."
Holding back his emotions, Christopher squinted his bloodshot eyes and straightened James' tie in slow motion. "I feel sorry for you when you act like you have everything under control. It's also funny." "What are you saying-Argh!"
Christopher yanked James' tie, cutting his air out.
"You have already walked right into my trap, so don't tell me you are still oblivious."
###chapter1412
Christopher tightened his grip as James kicked his legs and held his strangling hands. "All I did was say the right words, and you were eager to straighten out the two witnesses. Tsk. You don't have the wisdom
or composure to fight me."
Humiliation washed over James.
"But I guess you aren't that stupid to do the job yourself. I thought I could get you all at once, but you got to live another day."
Christopher released his grip and walked away in chuckles.
James caught his breath in the empty meeting room, his body drenched in cold sweat.
Meanwhile, Bella and Justin arrived at the police station, protecting Rachel and another victim.
Steven, who was well-versed in the law, stayed with the victims while they gave statements. Steven and lan managed the paperwork for the victims' families and patiently navigated any questions and follow- ups.
"Thank you, Mr. Harris, and you too. You must be friends of Ms. Thompson."
Rachel's mother thanked Steven in tears. "Thank you... Thank you for doing everything you can to help us."
"Don't mention it, Mrs. Mead."
Steven's eyes welled up with emotions. "I'm helping you, Ms. Bella, and myself."
Rachel's mother, Susan, was taken aback. "Yourself?"
"Ms. Bella's sister, the girl who came forward and identified Charles during the livestream, is my girlfriend," Steven replied with pride.
"I see. You two are kind and made for each other. Honestly, I'm grateful to Ms. Amelia. We are able to get where we are because of your help."
Steven was overjoyed.
After leaving the interrogation room, Rachel went to the ladies' room to
get a grip on herself, not wanting to show her vulnerable side to her mother. 
She especially did not want lan to be worried.
Worried sick, lan followed Rachel to the washroom and stood outside patiently.
The passing female officers gave
him strange looks, but lan, who was
be
always careful not to
embarrassing situations, did not care. 
It took a while before the girl with puffy eyes emerged from the washroom, rubbing her eyes.
She looked up and saw the blue checkered handkerchief right in front of her.
"Here you go, Ms. Mead."
lan smiled at the girl. "Your makeup is running from crying, but I hope you feel better letting everything out."
Rach the handkerchief,
wanting to wipe her tears, but shot
did
Sit want to stain the fabric She
simply dabbed it on her cheeks.
"I feel a lot better. Thank you, Mr. Harris. I'll return you the handkerchief after I clean it."
lan stared intently at Rachel's face. Her fluttering lashes seemed to give him butterflies and make his heart race.
Suddenly, he reached out and put his hand on the girl's head, running his fingers along her curls. His voice was raspy.
"Just come to me if you have any problems. I will rush over no matter where or when."
Rachel lifted her gaze, meeting lan's sparkling eyes. Her heart skipped a beat.
###chapter1413
Opposite the back alleyway of the police station, Justin held Bella in his arms. They had been waiting in the car for a long time.
"I just received word from Ralph. He said that his close colleague has been keeping an eye on the case for the past two days. Apart from Charles' attorney, no one in his family came to bail him out." Bella sank into Justin's embrace, her forehead soaking in sweat.
She was on Day 2 of her menstrual cycle, and Justin told her to rest at home, but he was not the boss of her.
Feeling the throbbing pain in her belly, she squirmed in his arm like a loach.
Well, she should have taken Justin's advice to lay off the salt and sugar.
"James planned this. He would want to disappear now. Why would he stick up to defend a hopeless bastard? He'd be making himself a target."
Justin wrapped his arm around her shoulders, his warm palm pressing against her belly and rubbing clockwise.
"Hm... Harder... Yes. Harder."
Justin swallowed hard. The sensation of the woman's soft belly traveled from his fingertips to his body, stirring a raspiness in his voice. "Well, I told you to cut down on junk food. I'll get lan to get a drink for you."
"It's okay. lan is busy with Rachel. Don't trouble him for every little thing. He's your secretary, not your slave." Bella felt bad for lan.
Justin smiled wryly.
"No news about James or Lance. I guess they are abandoning Charles."
Contrary to Bella's sweet voice, the smirk on her face was chilling. "There's only one move they can make now. The case has nationwide coverage, and everybody is talking about it. The public has lost confidence in the Iverson Group, and James needs to be prosecuted to ease the people's rage. 
"The Iversons can't use their connections with the police either. No sane officer would touch the case with a ten-foot pole. They would be risking their reputation and credibility with the public. Even if Ralph isn't involved, we don't have much to worry about because even God can't save Charles now." 
Justin grabbed her belly. "Does it still hurt?"
"Hm... I feel a lot better. You're a good masseur."
There was a commotion outside the police station.
"Oh, Rachel and the others are out."
The couple looked out the car window and watched as the two victims, their faces covered, broke through the swarming journalists with the help of their families and bodyguards. They got into the awaiting vehicles.
As they entered the cars safely, Bella held her breath in case anything went wrong.
lan held Rachel in his arms and walked in the back.
One male journalist charged forward and pushed the microphone into her face. He asked aloud, "Were you here to give a statement and identify Charles? Did KS Group or Salvador Corporation pressure you? lan stood in front of Rachel like a protective barrier and snapped back, "What are you trying to say?"
"You are Mr. Salvador's secretary, right? I recognize you."
The male journalist got in lan's face.
"You and Bella Thompson's
secretary have been by the victims' side. Mr. Salvador and Ms.
Thompson orchestrated the plan to point fingers at Charles, am I right? The Thompsons and the Iversons are long-time friends. Ms. Thompson is close with Charles. She even operated on him. With the nature of her relationship with Charles out in the open, she's eager to dissociate herself from him. She is possibly trying to make herself look good by helping the victims. It's only logical to think the timing is suspicious."
###chapter1414
'Logical? Logical, his ass!' lan was itching to take a swing at the journalist.
Silence befell the place as the crowd seemed eager to watch what would happen.
The question had been on many journalists' minds, but due to the influence Bella held, they could never ask. Now that someone had stuck his neck out, they did not mind him taking the brunt. Burning with rage, Justin gripped the car handle to get out, but Bella held him from behind.
"Hey! It's chaotic enough as it is. Don't add to it!"
Justin gnashed his teeth, his voice harboring fury. "But he's slandering you."
"So what? It's just sticks and stones. We are grown-ups. Keep it together, Mr. Salvador." Bella scratched his ribs with a pout.
Justin pulled himself together, but he was still seething. "I can't just let it go, though. The reporter might be working for the Iversons."
"So what?"
Bella batted her eyelashes, not at all bothered. "It's over for Charles. We finally sought justice for the girls. I've done what I came here to do. I don't care what those people say."
"Bella, don't make me feel like I'm useless." Justin felt a lump in his throat.
"How are you useless? I'm so happy when I am with you. All my worries melt away."
Bella rested on his heaving chest and cupped his face.
"Pucker up."
Justin ran his hand along her waist and back as they locked tongues.
He did not feel comfortable when others flirted. Heck, he even skipped the mushy scenes in movies. However, he was tamed by Bella.
She took his breath away, and he was no longer himself.
Maybe he had always been capable of intense love and possessiveness. The moment he met her, he no longer had eyes for anyone else.
"See. You're not useless."
With a mesmerizing gloss in her eyes, Bella slipped away from his lips. "That is what it takes for all my worries to leave me."
Meanwhile, tan, a professional
secretary to the President of
Salvador Corporation, had to put
aside his feelings and compose himself in the face of the press's malicious question. 
Besides, nothing took precedence over bringing the victims and families home safely. Justin and Bella gave him an important task, and the last thing he wanted to do was mess up. 
"Just ignore him, Ms. Mead. Come on."
In a moment of haste, lan grabbed Rachel's cold hand.
However, Rachel stood there, frozen.
Rachel took off her cap and mask in front of everybody.
lan's mind went blank, and his chest tightened.
It was too late to stop her.
"What is Rachel trying to do?" Bella's and Justin's eyes widened in disbelief.
Though engulfed by the blinding flashes, Rachel tried to open her red-rimmed eyes without fear or hesitation.
Rachel stared sternly at the male journalist and pressed. "Are you asking because of your suspicion? Do you have proof that you know what Ms. Thompson is thinking?" 
The male journalist stumbled for words. "Um... I made a deduction..."
###chapter1415
Rachel questioned, "As a journalist, you hold paramount the principle of reporting the truth of an event. Before you even had evidence to back anything up, you talked smack about Ms. Thompson and made her out to be the enemy. Were you sent by Ms. Thompson's rival companies to stir up trouble?"
The young lady may look fragile, but she faced the journalist with harsh words and determination. Everybody was shocked.
The male journalist stepped back and hid in the crowd.
"Ms. Mead..." lan stared blankly at her resolute face, his heart racing.
He should be the calmest, but somehow he could not pull himself together.
Rachel took a deep breath and said, "I came forward to file a case and identify Charles because of Ms. Thompson. She patiently waited for me, guided me, and gave us the strength to take one step forward. Ms. Thompson is our savior. If I don't stand up for my savior when someone slanders her, what does that make me? Where is my conscience?"
By then, Rachel was choking with sobs.
The scene started off chaotic, and now it was as if a pause button had been hit.
No one saw it coming.
The victim was a seventeen-year-old. She went through a traumatic experience and was bombarded by the media after giving her statement. Rachel was most vulnerable at the moment. However, she faced the accuser of her lifesaver with bravery and an open mind. She stood up for Bella with strength and determination.
The girl's integrity was impressive.
Despite the mounting pressure, Rachel fought for Bella's honor. The crowd had to wonder if Bella was indeed the pretentious woman that others had painted online.
Rachel got into the car, escorted by lan, and they left safely.
Unable to stand it anymore, Bella tearfully threw herself in Justin's arms. Her cries were silent.
Justin said nothing and held her, offering words and pats of comfort.
Indeed, it was unnecessary to care about what irrelevant people thought.
The girls understood her. He understood her, and that was enough.
The evidence was collected, the victims came forward, and the killer Charles hired fessed up.
The police formally arrested Charles on charges of rape and attempted murder.
It was not a matter of cooperating with the investigation as a person of interest anymore. Charles was a criminal now.
The changes in his life nearly pushed Charles into a breakdown He yelled and cried in the detention center like a mad dog, ramming the bars, rolling on the floor, and getting physical with police officers. 
Hence, he was also charged with assaulting a police officer.
"I was framed! I only assaulted a few girls. I I never killed anyone. I was set
Charles' bloodshot eyes beset
as he slammed the metal
bars.
When he lost strength in his arms, he removed his left prosthetic to hammer the door.
"Many in here claimed to be framed, and what did they get? None of them are out yet."
The police officer stared at Charles' rugged, haggard face and spat in resentment. "Tsk! You make me sick. No one in your family is worth talking about. It's a shame
castration isn't introduced to rape crimes. The current punishment doesn't fit the crime." 
With eyes nearly popping out of his head, Charles shouted, "I didn't kill anyone. I was framed! I want to appeal my case! I want my attorney!"
Two days later, Charles got a visit from his brother, James, instead of a lawyer.
###chapter1416
"James!"
Charles' eyes lit up at the sight of James, as if he had just seen his lifeline.
He limped his way around the table to get to James when the police officer on duty restrained him by the shoulders for fear he might do something funny.
James sat there with his back sunk into his seat, but his wary eyes and pressed lips reflected his disdain for his criminal brother.
Family ties had never meant anything to James.
Throughout their childhood, Charles was James' playmate, but in adulthood, he became a mere tool for James' manipulation.
To safeguard his own power, James indulged Charles excessively, cleaning up after him and spoiling him rotten. This, however, ultimately proved to be Charles' downfall, keeping him dependent and easily controlled by James.
Alas, Charles was worthless.
All the more reason James could not stand Charles. He did not think it was his fault that his drastic measures made his brother a killer. Everything James did was to save him, so Charles should take the fall for the aftermath.
"How did I become a killer, James? I never killed anyone!"
Charles' cracked lips quivered as he said, "I'm being framed! The charge should be dropped! I'm innocent! Someone is out to get me! I would know if I killed anyone."
"Calm down, Charles. Hear me out."
With downcast eyes, James cleared his throat and spoke slowly, in case Charles could not catch up. "The evidence in this case is overwhelming, including eyewitness accounts and physical evidence. Your accomplice is still in custody and has confessed to the police that you contracted him to silence the victims."
"Silence the victims?" Dumbstruck, Charles turned pale. "When did I ask him to kill? I never instructed him to do anything."
James shook his head helplessly. "You have always taken my advice, growing up. Why did you make the wrong move when it mattered? I told you many times that I would do my best to bail you out, but why didn't you keep your cool? Dad and I can't do anything to help you now."
"It wasn't me! I didn't kill anyone! How many times do I have to tell you?"
Charles banged the table with both hands, his spit going everywhere. "Call Dad now! I want to talk to Dad! I'm his favorite son! He won't leave me to die."
"Truth be told, Charles. I came to see you and talk to you on Dad's orders."
Having lost patience, James furrowed his brows. "I have done enough for you, but you never learned and kept testing Bella and Justin. Even God can't save you now."
"What do you mean? Are you giving up on me?"
"I will hire the best attorney to reduce your sentencing, and I will try to make your life comfortable in prison. That's the best I can do for you now."
James glanced at his secretary, who pulled out a file from his briefcase to hand to Charles.
The secretary was careful not to take out a pen, as he was afraid Charles might go crazy and use the pen as a weapon against him.
Charles looked at the papers.
It was a contract to transfer shares, and Charles was not expecting that.
"You sure knew how to pick the right time, James!"
Charles heaved heavily and shouted angrily, "I'm not dead. I might be able to get out of here! You can't wait to take my shares? You pushed too far! Even if I'm dead, my shares will go to Dad, not you!" "Charles, hasn't reality sunk in yet? Do you think you'd still be here if Dad wanted to save you? You disappointed Dad for the last time, and he's done dealing with you."
James looked like he had Charles'
best interests at heart. "You can't take money and shares to your grave. What's the point of holding on to them Once judgment day is here, you with likely get a life sentence without parole. Even if I get your sentence reduced, you will be stripped of your assets. The shares you own now will be seized and distributed anyway." 
"Even so, you are getting nothing!"
James gritted his teeth, tempted to take his prosthetic leg and hit him on the head. "I see what's going on You're not here to save me. You are just stirring shit up to take my shares! Well, I won't give them to you. Get lost!" 
?
Unbothered to keep up with the pretense, James got up with a smirk. "Give it some thought, Charles If you won't give me the shares, you can forget about getting a reduced sentence. Life in prison will be hell for you." 
Charles ripped the contract apart and threw the pieces at him. "Don't you threaten me! Dad will take care of me! I don't need you. Get out!"
The news of James' visit to the detention center reached Christopher's ears.
"Mr. Iverson, James looked pretty upset when he left the detention center, swearing. I think his talk with Charles didn't go well."
Standing behind the sofa, Taylor gave an update on the situation while massaging Christopher's shoulders with joy.
Christopher sipped on red wine and said with a nonchalant smile, "James spoilt Charles and gave him everything he ever wanted. Now that James isn't playing the doting brother, Charles must be disappointed."
"I know, right."
"Once James has played his role in my plan, we can pick a suitable time to give Charles a little ray of hope."
The phone on the coffee table rang.
Taylor went over to grab the phone but was surprised when he saw the name on the screen. He handed the phone to Christopher with worry.
"It's Maxwell, Mr. Iverson."
###chapter1417
Charles' case was closed successfully.
Although Bella and Justin descended from wealth and were very competent, life was not a feel-good book. Since they were up against a giant like the Iverson Group, it took a lot of time and effort to get rid of Astrid and Charles.
Nevertheless, they achieved what they set out to do. All their work was worth it.
Overjoyed, the couple gave Wilma the night off. They planned to cook dinner together to celebrate.
"Oh, Young Master, Young Madam, you give me time off work every now and then. I feel bad because you still pay me anyway. I feel like I don't deserve the wages."
Wilma stood at the kitchen door and watched Justin slicing and dicing away. Filled with glee, Wilma grinned. "Excellent knife work, Young Master. No one would be able to tell that you could barely take care of yourself before. Look at you now!"
"Bella taught me well." Justin kept chopping vegetables while winking at Bella, who was behind the stove.
"Hey, Chef Justin. How many times do I have to tell you to focus when cutting vegetables?"
Bella kept her eyes on the pot from stewing over. "Do you want to slice all ten fingers?"
Justin pursed his lips and glanced away from Bella's profile to chop vegetables with his undivided attention.
Wilma put her hand over her mouth to laugh.
Only Bella could housetrain Justin.
"We wanted to keep you for dinner, Wilma, but you said you're going out to dinner with your best friend. Since you are getting together with your friend, we don't want to keep you."
Bella looked back and smiled at Wilma. "Have fun."
"I will, Young Madam."
Wilma happily went out.
"Huh? Why haven't I seen lan around today?" Bella dished the plate and asked frustratedly, "Didn't we talk about having dinner together to celebrate?"
"Today isn't the only day he's missing in action. He hasn't been around for the past three to four nights."
Justin carried the dish to the dinner table, not knowing whether to laugh or cry. "Ever since Ms. Mead stood up for you outside the police station, lan has been talking about the incident at least three times a day. I am grateful for Ms. Mead's help, but l'bget a migraine if I have to listen to it one more time." 
"Oh, I see." Bella smiled knowingly without giving anything away.
"I'll call him to come back now."
Justin was about to grab the phone when Bella pressed his hand down. "Oh, there's no need for that. I know where lan went. Just let him be."
He was too straight to take a hint. "Where did he go?"
"Hehe... You don't know him at all, dummy."
Bella fed a spoonful of love to Justin. "Love is in the air for lan."
After sundown, lan, all suited up, stood outside the Meads' old neighborhood. Holding flowers on his left and a gift on his right, he looked at the small but lit window. 
Hesitant, lan looked at the beautiful purple hyacinth in his hand and sighed.
Rachel and Susan had just finished dinner. They made dinner and even baked a cute cake.
Today was Rachel's birthday, and Charles was finally jailed. Rachel could not wish for a better gift than seeking justice for herself.
Just as the mother and daughter were about to cut into the cake, there was a knock on the door.
Rachel got up to open the door. The old lady from next door, Lexi, stood there.
"Lexi? You're out of the hospital? How do you feel? Do you feel better?" Rachel asked concernedly with a smile.
"I came here to tell you something, Rachel."
Lexi looked worried and stern.
"When I came home, I saw a suspicious man in a suit downstairs. He was sneaking around. I don't feel comfortable when I see anyone in a suit around here."
###chapter1418
"A man in a suit?" Rachel was surprised.
"Oh, I remember it now. I thought the man looked rather familiar. He was the young man who came the last time. I beat him with my cane to teach him a lesson. That's the bastard! I bet he's up to no good, sneaking around."
Rachel felt something stirring within. Without changing out of her house slippers, she left home.
In the end, lan could not find the courage to call Rachel.
He was bound to leave in disappointment tonight due to his cowardice.
As he turned away to depart in dejection, a sweet voice cut through him.
"M-Mr. Harris!"
lan looked back and saw Rachel running toward him in her bunny-themed loungewear and a loose bun. The way she looked just took his breath away.
"G-Good evening, Ms. Mead."
He stiffly shoved the flowers and gift to Rachel with a silly look.
"Happy birthday!"
With her heart racing, Rachel took the flowers but refused the gift. Recognizing the brand, she knew the gift was very expensive.
"Thank you for the flowers, Mr. Harris, but the gift is too much."
Rachel said softly and understandingly, "I know you got me the things because I helped. I returned Ms. Thompson's kindness. It was the least I could do. Besides, Ms. Thompson has done far more for me, while I don't know what I can do for Ms. Thompson and Mr. Salvador.”
Swept by a wave of emotions, Rachel could not stop the tears from falling.
Unable to stop his feelings anymore, lan tearfully held her in his arms. The empty feeling inside him was gone there and then.
Two hearts beat in unison, nearly crushing the hyacinths that lay between them.
"Mr. Harris..." Rachel called out to him with a blushing face, and lan's heart melted.
"Everything I do has nothing to do with Mr. Salvador or Ms. Thompson."
lan's scorching breath brushed
against her ear. Driven by an urge like never before, he held her and could not let go anymore. "Everything I do, I do for you. I missed you, Ms. Mead. That's why I came to see you." 
The food and drinks were served. The guests had also arrived.
Justin and Bella's love nest was packed tonight like it was the New Year.
Bella held Carrie while chatting with Steven and Amelia in the living room.
She had also invited Asher and Arnold, but Asher said they could not make it over the phone.
Before Bella hung up, she heard Arnold's sultry voice in the background.
"My back hurts, Ash. Come and give me a good rub."
"Lie down."
Bella's jaw dropped as her mind went down the gutter.
She wondered if Asher simply could not make it to the party or if he just wanted to be alone with a certain somebody.
Ryan did not want to barge into the ladies' conversation, so he went to Justin instead.
He walked into the dining room to
find Justin in an apron with his
sleeves rolled up. Ryan burst into
laughter. "Hahaha! You're
domesticated, Justin. You make the
perfect house husband." 
"Are you jealous?" Remaining unfazed in the face of mockery, Justin wiped his hands on the apron.
"Of course not. I have a
at
in-starred chef at home.
I put myself through the
Why
Ryan looked contemptuous. S
###chapter1419
The truth was, Ryan was all over Carrie when she was around.
"Keep telling yourself that." The taunting did not bother Justin.
"Why don't you make it spicy for Bella tonight?"
Ryan nudged Justin on the shoulder and flashed a wicked smile. "Just wear the apron with nothing else on. See how Bella reacts. Look at your abs and muscles. I bet she wouldn't be able to keep her hands off you."
Justin felt a flush in his cheeks. With a raspy voice, he murmured, "Get lost!"
Everybody was having fun in the living room.
"This is for you, Amelia."
Carrie blushingly handed a bouquet of lilies to Amelia as if she were Amelia's No. 1 fan. "You and Bella are my idols. I want to be brave like you too."
"Please don't," Bella and Amelia said in unison.
Worried that Carrie might take things the wrong way, Amelia explained, "I'm happy you like me, Carrie, but I hope you never go through what I experienced. If possible, I hope Bella, Justin, and Ryan will always shield you from harm. We don't want to be in any situations where you have to be brave or take risks."
"Um... But... Okay."
Carrie scratched her head, and Amelia just wanted to shrink Carrie and put the cutie in her pocket.
Though they were around the same age, Amelia found Carrie adorable.
"Smooch!"
Amelia cupped Carrie's face and gave her a peck on the lips.
"Uh..." Carrie blushed.
Only Ryan had ever touched her lips.
A beautiful woman kissed Carrie, and it was a wonderful feeling.
While the girls were happy, Ryan and Steven were not having it.
They were jealous to see their else
lips claimed by set
if it was between
same gender. Content conet
Well, they would reclaim their position in the relationship when they got back later.
"Since everybody is here, we should start dinner and try our great Mr.
Salvador's cooking." Bella toine
Justin's arm and laid her head on his shoulder. 
Amelia clapped. "Wow! Justin cooks? That's amazing. You're so lucky, Bella."
Carrie gave a round of applause too. "You're amazing, Justin. You're the best!" Steven and Ryan were speechless.
Damn it! Justin outdid them again. Steven and Ryan needed to learn how to cook soon.
"I can't believe you didn't invite us to dinner, Bella. You don't love us any more!"
Axel whined while walking into the living room.
Ralph, who was instrumental in the case, was in attendance with Axel.
He smiled when he saw Carrie sitting on the sofa like a beautiful doll.
Ryan's heart dropped, and he held his girlfriend tight in his arms.
"Now that you have another man in your life, do we mean anything to you anymore?" Axel pouted.
"If you can forget me and Ax, I guess
it
long until you brush Ash,
Drew off too." Ralph es
sighed. 
Bella blinked and turned to ask Justin. "Axel is a big eater. Do we have enough?"
Justin was taken aback at first, but he soon wrapped his arm around her waist with a chuckle.
"Yes, we do."
###chapter1420
Bella was not expecting Axel, but Axel came because he had something urgent to discuss with her.
Despite Ralph's crude character, he had considerate moments. Ralph went out of his way to buy Bella and Amelia some of their favorite pastries. He even stood in line for close to two hours. He was surprised that Carrie was there too.
Had he known, he would have bought more. Ralph did not want to come across as playing favorites.
"Wow! Are these pastries in the shape of pandas the shop's latest product? They look so cute!"
Amelia loved cute-looking pastries. Unable to resist, she put the whole pastry in her mouth.
Steven was shocked.
Amelia was usually very ladylike when dining with him. Steven figured that was because he did not get the right food for her.
Bella helped herself to one too. The smile on her face was infectious, and Justin took note of the pastry shop for future reference.
Justin would learn every tiny thing about Bella from her brothers.
Wyatt might not know Bella well, but her brothers certainly did. Since Justin would take over the responsibility of caring for Bella from the Thompsons, he wanted to make sure he did the best job. Justin wanted Bella to spend every day feeling like she never parted with her family. Justin needed to play all the roles she needed him to be.
Even if Bella wanted to try something new, Justin was happy to go outside his comfort zone just to make her happy.
"Try this, Ms. Carrie."
Ralph took a little panda pastry, approached Carrie, and bent over to hand it to her with a smile. "I didn't know you'd be here, so I didn't get enough pastries. I'll make it up to you next time." Carrie loved the little panda and rubbed her hands to accept the pastry.
To her surprise, Ryan reached over to grab the pastry and shoved it in his mouth.
Carrie was taken aback.
Ralph narrowed his eyes, his fingers clenching.
"B-Cough Babe... Cough... It's nearly
dinner. You don't want to fill you
belly now and miss the dinner
Justin and Bella made for you." Ryan swallowed hard, his face turning red. 
He was choking.
However, he needed to look
confident and cool as the heir of the Hoffman Group, especially in front of his love rival. His pride and future wife meant a lot to him. S
"Mr. Hoffman, we're all civilized people here, so there's no need for snatching."
Staring at Ryan's red face, Ralph asked, "Are you sure you don't need any water?"
Fuck! Ryan could not believe Ralph questioned his manners.
The Thompsons sure had mouths on them.
Ryan wanted to snap back, but he might spit out the food in his mouth.
Steven and Amelia had no idea what was going on, but Bella had a clear view.
Ryan was wary of Ralph.
The earlier episode did not dampen the mood. Everybody had a pleasant dinner with the hosts.
After dinner, Amelia took Carrie
upstairs to play board games, giving room for the rest to get down to
business. Content below giving
###chapter1421
"Justin, you still have the appetite for food? If I were you, I couldn't even take a bite."
Axel drank the iced water in his cup in one go, then slammed it on the table heavily. "Shannon's case will officially go on public trial next Friday."
Upon mentioning Shannon, who had not appeared for a long time, everyone's expressions fell.
"I know. I counted the days."
Justin's brows furrowed slightly, his voice tight and hoarse, trying to suppress the pain that felt like a blunt knife cutting into his heart. "There isn't one day that I have forgotten how my mother died, nor have I forgotten to avenge my mother and those innocent lives taken by Shannon."
Bella's heart skipped a beat, and her eyes shone with glistening tears. She slowly extended her warm hands under the table, holding Justin's trembling palms tightly.
As if he had gotten hold of the only beam of light in the night sky, Justin immediately intertwined their fingers, deeply staring into her clear eyes.
"Tsk, I was curious and asked around about Shannon's situation in jail a few days ago. She's adjusted quite well inside, getting special treatment with her identity as a business tycoon's wife. She even has followers. It seems she's living a great life. I heard she's getting the highest level of food and skincare products, even cigarettes."
Ralph's teeth clenched as he sneered. "It looks like your father has not completely given up on Shannon, and he's still protecting her dignity. He probably intends to bail her out."
"Ha, food and skincare products? She can have that." Bella raised an eyebrow. "Just make sure to take away her diapers."
"Gregory is not my father." Justin's eyes were bloodshot. "From the moment my mother took her last breath, he ceased to be my father."
"Justin..." Bella's breath hitched in her chest.
"These years, I only stayed at the Salvador Corporation because that was my mother's dying wish. She hoped I would never get bullied by anyone and earn Gregory's attention, wishing would grow up to be a successful man and become Grandpa's biggest pride. After that, I wanted to surpass my brother like a madman, doing everything I could to prove myself, and trying to fight for power in the Salvador Corporation. But that had nothing to do with them. I only hope to fulfill my mother's dying wish, to become stronger, so that my mother would be proud of me." 
Justin closed his dimmed eyes, an immense pain targeting his chest like an invisible hand punching his beating, heavy heart. "But in the end, I've become a clown, living under the he roof as my mother's murderer so many years and working tirelessly for that man. If it wasn't for Bella's persistence and Linny sacrificing herself to obtain crucial information, my mother would never
same
for
rest in peace." 
However, even so, Justin felt ashamed to stand before his mother's grave as long as Shannon was still alive.
"Justin, what do you mean by that? You aren't thinking of giving up on the Salvador Corporation and relying on our family, right?" Axel blurted out.
Axel sized him up, frowning. "My sister hasn't enjoyed a single good day being with you. Do you still want her to start from scratch with you?"
Ralph was also displeased. "Exactly. If you want to marry our sister, how can we agree to it without a billion-dollar dowry? We don't mind living in poverty, but we won't let our sister suffer!"
Bella was speechless.
Her brothers were expert troublemakers. She did not even need a DNA test to confirm that they were definitely Wyatt's flesh and blood.
Ryan patted his shoulder
indignantly. "Justin, I know better
than anyone else how much you suffered to become the president of Salvador Corporation. If you're really mad, you should take the company from your father. Why are you such a pussy? I suggest you learn from Christopher. Look at his heartless and ruthless determination! Don't keep considering this and that. Just take everything!" 
"You haven't experienced the struggles to survive in his family, so don't talk as if you do." Bella's sharp gaze swept across Ryan's face. "Did you even hear yourself? Christopher loves to prey on his brothers. Should I ask Justin to use you as practice?"
Ryan immediately shut up, feeling a lingering fear.
###chapter1422
"Justin, they don't understand you, but I do."
Bella sighed, putting her warm palms on the back of his hands. "If it were me, I'd do my best to fulfill my mother's dying wish too. But I could understand your mother's thoughts. What she actually wanted was for you to be capable enough to protect yourself, hoping you'd become strong.
"The road you chose was not wrong. Even though you resent your father, Grandpa Nigel has always doted on you, contributing to your achievements today. For Grandpa Nigel, your perseverance and efforts are not without meaning."
"Bella... Thank you." Justin held back the lump in his throat, but his voice trembled lightly as he called out to her.
"What are you thanking me for? I just know you too well." Bella flashed a sweet smile at him.
"Now, Winston is willing to testify as a witness to accuse Shannon of hiring hitmen, taking drugs, and hiding drugs. Her sentence won't be light." Axel's brows furrowed. "But I know it's far from enough. We wanted Shannon to get a death sentence. After all, she has more lives on her hands!"
"It's hard."
Ralph frowned and shook his head, his expression heavy. "We don't have evidence of her instigating murder. Moreover, Linny's recordings were obtained illegally, so we can't present them in court. Another point is that Justin's mother's case was over twenty years ago. Even if we have that maid's testimony, it's still not enough. Besides, Shannon's defense attorney is Hunter. Who knows what sort of dirty tricks that bastard would use to deal with us?"
Steven's face paled, and he took a deep breath. "This time, I will stand in court as Linny's defense attorney."
Ralph and Axel were stunned. "Steven, you want to go to court?!”
On the other hand, Bella and Justin remained calm, even casting confident glances at him.
A few days ago, Steven had already informed them of his plan and received their support.
He had been a secretary for the Thompson family for many years, and many people, including his brother, had forgotten that Steven was a top student from the best law school in Savrow.
If Steven genuinely wanted to compete with Hunter, there would be no place for Hunter in the legal field in Savrow.
"This court appearance will be the showdown between me and Hunter."
Steven's gaze was burning with resolution. "I know what Hunter can't accept it's the feeling of suffering a crushing defeat, especially losing to me that will be worse than killing him." 
Bella nodded solemnly.
With a phone call, she could have countless outstanding attorneys flock to serve the Salvador Corporation and KS Group.
But when it came to the impact on Hunter, Steven would be the sharpest knife.
"Steven, it must be hard on you." Axel sighed softly, feeling moved.
"Mr. Axel, there's something I share in common with Mr. Salvador. He lost his father, and I've long lost my brother."
Steven poured a glass of wine and
raised it to Justin. "Mr. S since we're in the same
shouldn't we share anet
Justin felt a warmth surge into his
heart, and he immediately stood up, raising his
for tak glass. "Steven, thank you
for taking care of Bella all this while and being willing to help. May we both get what we want." 
"Definitely." Steven's eyes welled up with tears as he nodded heavily.
Bella stood up too, raising her glass with a smile. Her slim arms were hooked around Justin's waist. "Come on! Let's do it together!"
The six wine glasses raised above their heads were filled with a gleam of hope for victory.
"Let's do it!"
###chapter1423
Today is a beautiful day. s is pleased to present our readers with 10 additional chapters of this novel as a small gift. We hope everyone has a relaxing time at .
In fact, the difficulties they faced were not just one or two items.
Even though Winston had confessed all that he could, they still had not caught the key person, Maxwell. Their plan to drag Christopher down could not be realized.
After the guests left, Wilma happened to return, helping Justin and Bella clean up the kitchen and the house.
"Justin, can you find a chance to talk to Ryan? Don't let him get mad with jealousy whenever he sees Ralph."
Bella put the dishes into the sink and prepared to wash them, pouting as she said, "Why does he treat all single and handsome men as his imaginary love rival? All of my brothers are single. Why does he only target Ralph?
"He hasn't even married Carrie yet, and he's already acting like an obsessive and possessive lover. If they really get married, Carrie will lose her freedom. Will he imprison Carrie at home when she looks at another man? Will he abuse Carrie?"
"Bella, Ryan isn't like that. He cares deeply for Carrie. This is his first time falling in love genuinely, so he treats Carrie as if she's more important than his life. It's natural for him to feel insecure and anxious." Justin strode over, grabbing Bella by her waist and hoisting her to the side, rolling up his sleeves to wash the dishes swiftly. "Let me do it. Your hands are fair and smooth. Soaking them in detergent all the time will damage them."
Ryan loved Carrie deeply.
Bella loved Justin deeply too, so even his casual words were stuck in her mind, replaying themselves.
After overthinking, the sensitive woman bit her lower lip, asking softly, "How about you? Am I the first woman you genuinely fell for?"
The moment these words left her lips, Bella felt a twinge of regret.
She knew the answer. She also knew that this man would never lie, even if telling a lie to coax her would make her feel better sometimes. He just never did.
Justin's movements paused as bitterness filled his throat. His brows furrowed deeply, and his thoughts raced across his mind.
He washed and dried his hands, then held Bella's round shoulders, his deep eyes looking into her moist and captivating gaze. "Sorry, Bella."
"It's not me. I know..."
A surge of excruciating pain spread throughout Bella's heart like venom through her limbs, causing her to tear up, but she still forced a smile. "Sigh... I already knew the answer. Why did I still ask? It's so pointless."
Justin was distressed. His thin lips pursed into a straight line. He immediately pulled her into his arms, tightening his embrace, as if he wanted to embed every inch of her into his flesh. She cared about his answer.
How could she not? He once tore her love apart, letting her noble self fall into dust.
"Bella, if you ask me whether I loved Rosalind, the answer is no. I'm not trying to lie, but that's the truth."
Justin's voice was hoarse, carrying a hint of bitter guilt. "She was ordered by Shannon to approach me and set me up, treating me with kindness
only to make me obedient net
ove
Before falling in love with you, didn't know what love was. I only know I should repay whoever treats me well. Besides, she saved my life. I treated her as a benefactor.
Therefore, I could only think of how to repay her." 
"But you gave her unique jewelry..." Bella buried her wet face in Justin's chest, getting more tearful as she spoke.
"She asked me for it."
Justin was extremely regretful, but it was indeed something nasty he did and could not deny. "Rosalind told me there is a famous jewelry designer overseas, and she wanted a jewel personally designed by that artist, so I could only think of a way to buy it. 
"Now that I think about it, I was living like a soulless zombie back then. I did whatever she asked of me, not thinking about anything else. I know you won't believe anything I say, and I don't want to explain or defend myself. Bella, if you really can't get over it, I'd rather you stab me with all the knives in this kitchen to vent your anger. Just don't keep it bottled up inside..." 
"Then what if I am annoyed at you and want you to get as far away from me as possible?"
Bella's voice was soft and coquettish, her tears soaking Justin's white shirt.
"You can't." Justin panicked, his breath growing rapidly. "I will cling to you and pester you every day. Even in death, I'll become a lingering ghost and haunt you.”
###chapter1424
Justin said, "Bella... I can't leave you anymore. Not even a minute."
Bella slowly raised her eyes, which were filled with tears.
Justin quickly wiped her tears, his heart in distress upon seeing her cry.
"So... You're saying that the first woman you had a crush on is still me?" Bella questioned him further.
Justin cautiously probed, "Do you want to hear the truth?"
"Of course."
"...No."
"Justin! You bastard!"
Bella was utterly enraged, raining punches on his chest fiercely. "Why didn't I see through your true colors earlier? You're such a playboy! Get lost! Get out of my house and leave Wilma with me!" Justin let her hit him to the extent that his voice trembled when he spoke, but he still said seriously, "Bella, the person I love most is you; the person I want to marry is you; the person I want to spend my life protecting is you. Because of this, I want to lay my heart bare to you and confess everything about me to you. I don't want to hide anything."
Justin took a deep breath and said word by word, "Back then, I was on Kridor's battlefield, infiltrating a terrorist organization to rescue hostages. There was a girl wearing a white robe and a thick mask who left a deep impression on me."
Bella was stunned, her heart thumping wildly, as if her blood were boiling.
Even the part of her thumb she lost sense of seemed to tremble slightly.
"What happened next?"
"I thought she was a defenseless and fragile medic, but unexpectedly, she knew how to use a gun and was a skilled fighter. I was there to rescue her, but in the end, I was severely injured, relying on her desperate efforts to save my life."
Justin smiled bitterly, filled with guilt
and helplessness. "Before that, I thought of myself as a lone hero on the battlefield. Since then, I have not dared to boast about myself. I am only an ordinary man with mortal flesh. It was only with luck that I met my benefactor and managed to survive." 
Bella stared at him without blinking, as if her soul had sunk into his deep gaze.
"Then?"
"At that time, kwas severely injured. I didn't know if could make it out alive. I asked that girl to leave me, but she was stubborn like you. She wrapped me in a straw mat and tied me to her shoulders. I was almost unconscious at the time, and she dragged me over a long distance." 
When Justin recounted his experience, his heart felt a slight pang of pain.
The cruel scenes of war and that girl's stubborn back were etched into his memory until now. "I was distressed for her... It's not just distress. I don't even know what she looks like or what her name is. But I felt something toward her.
"Bella, I can't lie to you. That was the first time I had a crush on someone. Perhaps it was the bridge effect from us being in a dangerous situation, but I don't want to lie to you..."
Before his words fell, Bella abruptly
sealed his thin lips with a passionate kiss. Her soft and sweet mouth
made his mind go blank. Only an et
irresistible desire ate away at his remaining sense of rationality, causing him to be intoxicated and unable to pull away. 
After a passionate entanglement, they finally parted as they panted.
"Bella, you..."
Justin was about to speak, but Bella gently pressed his rosy lips with a finger, her eyes shining with a captivating light. "Since that girl saved your life, I'll forgive you this once. For the rest of our lives, I want your heart to only beat for me."
Justin let out a sigh of relief, as if he had received amnesty. He stared at her deeply, like there were stars in his eyes. He looked honest and affectionate. "It's more than that. I'm even willing to die for you gladly."
###chapter1425
Bella's rapidly beating heart had not calmed down yet as she pretended to be cool, asking, "After that, didn't you try to find that girl?"
"I've never stopped searching for her, but I don't even know her name or what she looks like. There's nowhere to start."
Justin smiled self-mockingly. "I gave her a nickname, Little Dove. Doves symbolize hope. I was able to come back alive from the battlefield because of her. She gave me hope." Bella's eyes teared up again.
At this point, regardless of whether he knew she was Little Dove, it was enough.
The couple cleaned up the kitchen and living room, took a bath together, and changed into clean matching pajamas, preparing to end the day in their room.
At this time, lan returned.
"lan, you're back? Have you eaten? If not, I'll heat something up for you," Bella asked with concern, sounding more like a considerate elder sister than his boss's wife. "I'm not hungry."
lan quickly shook his head, his eyes dim, and his brows furrowed with a rare sadness.
Bella and Justin exchanged glances. Their thoughts were connected, so they understood what each other was thinking without saying a word.
"Ian, I've been having trouble sleeping for the past two days. I'd like a drink to aid in my sleep. Come have a drink with me." Justin ordered in a light tone.
lan naturally could not reject it. "Yes, Mr. Salvador."
"You guys go ahead. I'll excuse myself. My waist feels sore." Bella frowned slightly.
Justin's eyes darkened as he placed his hand on Bella's narrow waist, teasingly asking, "Is it because of me?"
"Mr. Salvador, it's not good to indulge in lust. Don't forget how so many kings died young in the past."
Bella poked his chest, a shade of red creeping up onto her face. She urged softly, "Enough. Have a good chat with lan. I'll go to sleep first."
Justin opened a bottle of fine red wine, and the two men sat facing each other.
Seeing that Justin was pouring wine for him, lan felt flattered and quickly stood up, bowing respectfully, and held his glass with both hands. "Mr. Salvador, I can do it myself. This is below you!"
Justin poured the wine expressionlessly. "Stop the nonsense. There's just me and you here; no need to act."
lan was speechless.
They drank in silence for a while before Justin asked, "Did you go to visit Ms. Mead?"
lan's expression turned stiff, and he replied quietly, "Yes..."
"So what do you want to do?" Justin cut straight to the point. He was never one to beat around the bushes.
lan pursed his lips tightly, feeling a surge of complex emotions wash over him, his eyes gradually reddening. “Mr. Salvador, do you believe that I will fall in love with a girtin a few short days?" 
"Yes."
lan was stunned.
One had to know that his boss was the least perceptive person when it came to matters of love. Apart from Bella, Justin was numb toward anyone's feelings. 
"Even Bella could fall in love with a lousy man like me at first sight. Why is it impossible for you to fall for an outstanding girl like Ms. Mead?" Justin's gaze flickered, and he smiled bitterly.
###chapter1426
"Young Madam fell in love with you at first sight?!" lan's eyes widened, his soul burning with curiosity.
Justin's gaze darkened as he poured himself a drink. The fragrant and mellow wine only left a bitter taste on his tongue.
"It's a pity that I can't redo my life and can't be the one who fell in love with Bella first. It will be my regret for life."
He had another regret, which was the biggest one.
It was the fact that he let Bella lose their precious child, whom she desired the most. Due to that incident, her chance to become a mother was slim.
Justin struggled to catch his breath, as if the air he drew into his lungs had become frosty knives. "I will give it my all to make her happy, but I don't know if I could do a good job..."
After all, something abstract like happiness could only be counted if the person involved felt satisfied.
"Mr. Salvador, you are truly... the most devoted man I've met. Among all the people I've encountered, you and Young Madam have the softest and kindest hearts."
When lan said this, Rachel's clear eyes, which always seemed on the verge of tears and never failed to distress him, surfaced in his mind. "Rather than making Young Madam happy, I hope you can soothe each other's souls. I also hope that you can have a taste of bliss too."
After all, before falling in love with Bella, Justin had no one except himself.
Justin's heart and body were worn out, and his soul was a barren land.
It was Bella who made beautiful roses bloom in Justin's barren soul.
Thinking of his little rose, Justin could not help but smile. "Don't worry about me. I'm already in a good place now. Being able to be by Bella's side and making her happy is the greatest blessing in my life." Then, he cleared his throat. "Enough about me. Let's talk about you. Do you really like Ms. Mead?"
"Yes... I think I'm catching feelings for her."
lan felt stifled in his chest, smiling in self-mockery. "Today is Ms. Mead's birthday. I brought flowers and a gift to meet her."
Justin raised his brows slightly.
The last time his secretary fell for someone was when he was studying at university, and it was an unrequited love for four years. Later, his crush graduated and married his senior, eventually having children. She had remarried three times, yet he was not even married once and was still a virgin. 
In terms of pursuing a girl, it was lan's first time.
However, his crush this time was very unsuitable.
"She accepted the flowers but not the gift. She didn't accept my confession either."
lan's trembling hands grabbed his glass tightly, his heart contracting in pain. "Mr. Salvador, am I that bad? The first time I visited Ms. Mead, even looked down on where she lived was prejudiced against her, thinking only materialistic girls would work at that kind of place.
"How could I think like that? What do I have? What makes me better than her..."
As lan spoke, strong emotions choked his throat, making him unable to speak for a while.
"It's only right that she doesn't accept me. I went overboard. I was too pathetic..."
Justin was shocked.
Although he saw through lan's thoughts, he did not expect lan's feelings to burn with passion silently, to the extent that he would really confess his admiration to Rachel.
In terms of his determination and courage in loving a person, Justin was far from lan.
Justin had actually taken the moral high ground, trying to sway his feelings.
What right did he have?
"No, lan. In my eyes, you were always an excellent secretary. I am where I am today because you were by my side."
lan's heart pounded, his eyes shining with excitement as he stammered, “M-Mr. Salvador... It's my duty to do so!"
"What I'm trying to tell you is that you are a good person. Don't belittle yourself."
Justin's gaze was low and
restrained. He cared for lan like a doting father. "If you truly like Ms. Mead, go all out. But not now. At the very least, you can only pursue her after she's of age. For now, you can look after her silently, but don't disturb her studies. I think this is part of the reason she rejected you.
A student should prioritize their studies."
###chapter1427
"I understand... I couldn't help myself tonight. I won't be so irrational anymore." lan stood up, bowing to Justin guiltily.
"Humans make mistakes. You haven't done anything wrong, so you don't need to be like this. But since you found the right person, you should choose the right timing."
Justin's tall figure left his seat. He walked toward the wine cellar's door and suddenly halted, squinting at lan. "Is the gift you gave Ms. Mead another one of those cliche, luxurious items? You lack creativity, sincerity, and meaning. No wonder she rejected it."
lan could not help but feel embarrassed. Justin was right on point!
On the way home, Carrie felt like someone was awfully sullen and quiet.
When they were on the bed, Ryan could not hold back anymore. His eyes were tainted with desire, and his large hands had slipped under Carrie's white nightgown.
Their breaths entangled as their fingers intertwined, sweaty.
Tonight, he took from Carrie without feeling any exhaustion.
His caress on her lips, waist, and breasts made her melt.
In the end, when he sat up and held her tight as they reached their climax together, Ryan only felt that the woman in his arms was burning up.
Carrie lay in Ryan's arms as if she did not have a spine. They were still connected, but she did not care anymore. Her eyelids struggled to stay open.
"Honey, you're the best. What do you want as a reward?" Ryan kissed Carrie's forehead, which was covered with sweat. His voice was thick and husky, filled with lust.
Carrie was half-asleep. "I... Want... The little panda."
Ryan's eyes immediately narrowed, and his heart skipped a beat. "What?"
"Little panda... So cute... I want to have a bite." Carrie still felt a little regret for not being able to eat the panda pastry that Ralph bought. Her stomach grumbled, and she licked her lips.
"Carrie Salvador."
Ryan's eyes went red as he pinned her down again. "Do you want to eat the little panda, or are you thinking about the person who gave it to you, huh?"
His voice was harsher than before, filled with possessiveness that made her heart tremble.
"Ryan... What happened to you?"
"Answer me!" Ryan questioned her with heavy resentment.
Carrie's heart raced nervously, and she no longer felt sleepy. "Um... I... I want to eat the little panda. I only want to eat the pastry..."
Upon hearing her words, Ryan felt at ease. But he still refused to let her off. His domineering kiss almost drained every bit of air in her lungs.
"Honey, in the future, you can't take what another man gives you... You can only take from me. You can only look at me and want me..." As Ryan at me
spoke, his eyes revealed a hint of inexplicable grievance. 
He was indeed head-over-heels in love with Carrie.
If not for his overwhelming love for Carrie, how could he become a terrifyingly jealous person? How could he feel insecure about every little thing?
In the latter half of the night, if it were not for Carrie's tearful begging, they might have stayed up late enough to watch the sunrise.
After Carrie fell asleep, Ryan got up and took a cold shower for almost half an hour, not even bothering to finish drying himself before putting on a robe and picking up his phone to call Yasmin. 
Soon, Yasmin changed into proper clothes and came to his bedroom door.
"Mr. Hoffman, do you have any orders?"
"Tomorrow morning, I want you to buy out that pastry shop that Carrie likes!" Ryan gritted his teeth fiercely, clenching his fists.
Yasmin was stunned. Her expression was uncertain. "That shop has been run by a family for generations and is almost a century-old establishment... I'm afraid they won't agree."
"Then fucking let the Hoffman Group
l.ne
become a shareholder! Anyway, if Carrie wants to eat their pastries, they must deliver them to me immediately! If they disagree, make that damn shop disappear from Savrow!" 
He slammed the door shut.
Yasmin stood shocked for a while, then she returned to her senses, feeling exasperated.
###chapter1428
Only the power of money could ease Ryan's jealousy.
Charles was formally prosecuted by the prosecutor's office as he faced several serious charges.
The Iverson family's attitude was also clear. Just like they had abandoned Astrid, they now threw Charles to the side.
After all, if they still tried to save this useless trash, the whole Iverson Group might sink.
After Charles was detained in jail for a week, he did not welcome the hope of light to save him. Instead, what came to him was the thorn in his side-Christopher. "Hey, bastard."
Wearing gray prison clothes, Charles looked unkempt with stubble. He sniffed. "Are you here to laugh at me too? Next time, you can come with James. I've got no fucking time to see you fucking dogs every other day!"
"No time? Aren't you still meeting me now?"
Christopher curled his lips, smiling faintly. "If you truly harbor no more hope, you wouldn't even come to meet me. Since you did, it means you still want to hear some good news. After all, you also know that, with our relationship, I have no reason to visit you and check on how you're doing. Am I right?"
"So? Are you bailing me out?"
"Even Dad and James couldn't do it, so I certainly can't."
"Then why the fuck are you here? Are you that bored?!"
Christopher was not in a hurry to reveal his purpose. He asked with a smile, "How was your conversation with James when he visited you the last time?"
Charles gritted his teeth, not uttering a word.
"It must not be a pleasant conversation."
Christopher pretended as if he were worried about Charles' situation. "We both know what kind of person James is Since childhood, nobody who offended him has gotten off lightly Now that you've fallen out with him, I suppose throughout your long prison life, no matter what type of trouble you got into, he won't help you anymore." 
"Do I need his help?! Pfft!" Charles acted tough, but he was anxious inside.
During the days he spent in jail, he had heard of how rapists were at the bottom of the prison hierarchy, often becoming targets of bullying. How could he possibly not be afraid?
"While that may be true, if someone could look out for you in the future, your life in prison should not be too hard."
"Christopher, you wouldn't visit me without a purpose. Stop beating around the bush and tell me what you want!" Charles snarled.
"Although I was developing my
career in Sentania all these years,
I've made quite some connections in Savrow's legal circle. With a word from me, you'll still be able to live a comfortable life in prison." Christopher casually put his hand on the armrest, his face full of
superiority. 
"Cut the fucking crap! You open your mouth and spew nonsense. Do you think I'll believe you?!" Charles suffered a severe blow from his brother and did not believe anyone. Christopher glanced at Taylor beside him.
Taylor immediately understood and put a share transfer form in front of Charles, saying politely, "Mr. Charles, please have a look."
Charles was enraged, his lips twitching. "Hmph, again? The previous one became a ground of shredded paper!"
"If you sign this, your life in prison in the future will be smooth sailing. Mr. Christopher will take care of any trouble you encounter," Taylor continued brainwashing Charles. 
Charles growled, "Son of a bitch! You have no place to speak here. Get lost!"
Taylor's expression stiffened, but he had to endure it silently for his boss's plan.
"You too! Trying to cheat me out of my shares... Dream on!"
Charles was just about to get up and leave when Christopher suddenly smiled coldly. "Charles, if I say I could help you bring down James, are you willing to support me?"
###chapter1429
"Support your ass!"
Charles exploded immediately, throwing curse words around, his eyes red with madness.
"Christopher, you son of a bitch! How dare you say this? At the very least, James and I came from the same mother, and he looked out for me since we were young. Who do you think you are? You're just an illegitimate bastard born from a lowly affair between that bitch and another bodyguard! How do you have the audacity to covet the Iverson family business?!"
Taylor glared at this foul-mouthed man madly, his fists clenching in anger.
However, Christopher still wore a faint smile, as if he did not take Charles' words to heart at all.
"If you didn't set me up, exposing my scandals with those bunch of women, I wouldn't be investigated by the police, and things would not come to this point!
"The real mastermind is you! It's fucking you!"
"Charles, do you really think I'm the mastermind?"
Christopher pushed his golden-rimmed glasses lightly and asked in a calm tone, "Is the brother you have admired since childhood really someone who cares about sibling bonds? Is he really unrelated to everything that's happened to you?"
"Christopher, you're still trying to sow discord between us at this moment? Why are you such a despicable asshole?" Every pore on Charles' body exuded hatred for this brother of his.
"Indeed, I don't like you, but at least I've never used you, nor have I wanted to take your life."
Christopher looked at him helplessly. "I only want to take back what belongs to me."
"You... What do you mean?" Charles could sense that there was more to his words, so his heart raced.
"Charles, you must've been thinking about one question every day you spent in jail. Why were you suddenly accused of hiring for murder? Don't you want to know what the truth is? Who's really responsible for your crime?"
Although Charles could not trust Christopher, he still wanted to know how he got to this point, so he slowly sat back down.
Christopher hooked his fingers, and Taylor placed a stack of photos on the table.
Charles took them and flipped through. Immediately, it was as if a bomb had exploded in his brain, the shock causing his ears to ring, his neck to turn red, and his eyeballs to bulge.
"You recognize this man, right? He's James's secretary. He approached your subordinates privately, and I checked their accounts. They had a transfer of three million dollars. The sender's account was offshore so the police could not identify them. However, I believe the answer to where the money came from is clear, now that you have these pictures before you." 
Christopher's glasses flashed with a glint of cold light. His eyes were cunning.
Charles crumpled the photos in his hand, his eyes so red as if blood would drip from them. "Impossible... How could it be... How could James..." "Do this to you?"
Christopher crossed his legs. His
lips twisted into a cruel sneer. "He took care of the troubles for you only to gain VO and trust from Dad. He
never did it out of brotherly

affection. But at that time, the Mead girl had decided to turn toward Justin and Bella, testifying against you for rape. He had no choice but to resort to murder. However, the risk is huge. It would be fine if he could succeed, but if not, someone has to bear the fall." 
"So... He used my men to do dirty work for me? In this way, even if things went wrong, he could still blame it on me?!" Charles felt as if someone was strangling him. He struggled to breathe.
"Not only that. I've found out that your subordinate's wife and children are under their control now. Is all of this not enough to prove that the person who brought you to this state is James?"
Taylor fanned the flames. "Mr. Charles, I know you hate Mr. Christopher, but apart from him, who would still care for you now? James set you up and still acted innocent in front of you, trying to get his hands on your shares. He's truly heartless for treating you like a fool!"
'Treat me like a fool?!' Charles always thought of James as a guiding light in his life, but his brother only saw him as a tool to regain their father's favor?!
"Taylor, stop it."
Christopher acted as if he were thinking out of consideration for Charles, sighing helplessly. "You've seen the situation Charles is in now. He's already under tremendous pressure, so stop adding to his worries."
As he spoke, he slowly stood up.
"Charles, although we don't have the same mother, we share the same father and grew up together. No matter what, I could never do
anything like James did, shift net
the
blame for murder onto you, would be like exploiting the last value you have and then treating you like trash. It's too cruel." 
"Wait!"
Veins bulged on Charles' forehead, and he was so mad that his facial muscles twitched uncontrollably. "I'll transfer the shares to you, but you must give me all the evidence you have against James! I want to appeal. I want to get out of here!"
###chapter1430
"Of course. I'll give it to you now."
As if he had predicted that Charles would negotiate with him, Christopher put the prepared parchment envelope before him. "Inside, you'll find all the evidence I collected. These might be insufficient to accuse James of hiring for murder, but they should help you turn the tables. However, you can't take these in with you right now. You can apply to see your lawyer and entrust him to handle this matter fully." Charles confirmed the contents inside the envelope and hesitated, weighing his options. In the end, he made up his mind.
He signed his name on the share transfer agreement and pressed his fingerprint.
Christopher suppressed his wild urge to smile madly. Behind his gentle and graceful gold-rimmed glasses, his gaze was as fierce as that of a bloodthirsty beast about to swallow its prey whole. "Charles, it's a pleasure working with you. When you are released, I'll fetch you personally and give you a grand welcome befitting the second son of the Iverson family."
Just as they prepared to leave, Charles suddenly called out to him. He gritted his teeth and said, "The shares you hold now are enough for you to compete with James. You must not let him off easily. You must make him end up miserably!"
"I will." Christopher's eyes narrowed viciously.
Christopher thought, 'Not only James. Each and every one of you will meet a gruesome death.'
After leaving the jail, Taylor clapped his hands excitedly.
"Congratulations, Mr. Christopher! The Iverson Group's shares in your hands have increased! We're one step closer to dethroning James!"
Christopher vigorously rubbed his hands with hand sanitizer, but the delight was evident on his face. "This is why I've kept him alive all this time."
Taylor suddenly realized something.
"Charles thought his lifesaver was Lance, but he was wrong."
Christopher used another clean handkerchief to wipe his hand carefully, then threw it on the ground with disdain. "His lifesaver is the shares he holds in the Iverson Group. Now, as a human, he no longer has any value in the world. Get rid of him as soon as possible." 
Taylor's eyes darkened, and he nodded.
Thinking about how Charles still depended on him to avenge himself, hoping those few papers could save him from jail, Christopher could not help but want to laugh. S
Now, anyone that Charles might get in touch with has been bought off by Christopher.
Who could Charles still rely on?
He should just go to hell and beg for mercy there.
On the way back to Pivotage, Christopher received a call from Maxwell.
"Mr. Christopher, have you prepared the money, cash, and plane I asked for?"
Christopher was in a good mood because of the shares, and even his tone was surprisingly pleasant when speaking with Maxwell. "Yes. I can give you the money right away. You can leave tomorrow, but be extra careful. The Salvadors, Thompsons, and Hoffmans are after you. Their spies are everywhere in Savrow. You might not make it out with the slightest misstep." 
"I'll come to meet you! We'll talk when we meet!"
"No. You can do anything now except meet me."
Christopher was sly. How could he agree to expose himself? Meeting Maxwell was like inviting trouble.
"Then how are you giving me the money? You need to send someone to trade with me!" Maxwell spoke indignantly.
"I'll ask my men to put the money in a secluded place and send you the address later. You can pick it up whenever you're ready."
###chapter1431
"What about the plane?"
"As long as you get the money smoothly and ensure that no one is following you, you can leave anytime." Christopher smiled, but his eyes shone with a sinister gleam.
"Then hurry up! I've had enough of this damn place!" Maxwell could not adjust to Savrow and had to be in hiding. He had long since reached his limits.
Christopher wiped his foot on the white handkerchief. "You only need to listen to my arrangements. I'll definitely send you on your way."
The next morning, Bella and Justin received a shocking piece of news.
Charles was found dead in the jail's public bath.
Rumors said that his death was eerie and horrifying. His body was stiff when he was found, his face almost purple-black, and he was strangled to death by the stainless-steel shower pipe. The pipe was entangled around his neck, making it seem like he had killed himself.
But how could it be suicide?
How could someone who still wanted to bathe and keep clean suddenly seek death?
Charles' death was a huge scandal. The police had informed the Iverson family to transfer Charles' body to the forensic department for a more detailed investigation.
After Bella and Justin finished listening to Ralph's report over the phone, they did not know how to react for a while.
It was not bad news, since it was a good thing that the monster died, but who was it that wanted him dead so badly?
Even if Charles were alive, he would have to rot in jail for the rest of his life. Who was it that could not even wait for judgment day, wanting to send him to hell immediately?
"The funniest part is that the police contacted the Iverson family, but Lance and James dragged their feet and refused to pick up Charles' body. In the end, they only sent a secretary to clean up the mess. Ha! The second son of the Iverson family actually didn't have anyone to claim his body. It's pretty lamentable," Ralph mocked.
It was not that he bore a sense of sympathy, but he simply felt the Iversons did not deserve to be human.
"Ralph, Charles wouldn't have committed suicide. Someone must have murdered him. No matter what, we need to investigate this matter. I think it could lead to a deeper, darker side, leading us to someone bigger."
Bella and Justin sat on the sofa, and she nestled between the man's legs at this moment, his strong arms wrapped around her waist.
Justin's jaw rested on her neck, his warm breath spraying on her reddened ears, causing her to feel an itch and shrink her neck.
"Mmm... Stop it. I'm talking about serious matters with Ralph."
"I'm also listening seriously." Justin could not hold back, sucking on her neck.
Instantly, a bright hickey appeared on Bella's fair skin.
Her skin was just too fragile and smooth, much like a baby's.
Bella's breathing became erratic, and a soft moan escaped the depths of her throat.
"Hey! You two better pay attention to what you're doing. Don't make me listen to this nonsense!" Ralph was also a young, hot-blooded man who could not handle this.
They were comfortable going at it, but he did not even have a partner. Was that not torture for his body and mind?!
"Ralph, we'll do as Bella says," Justin said over the phone. "The person who murdered Charles is not simple. It might be the breakthrough we need to catch all the parties involved behind this." "Do you think I didn't think of that? It's not that easy."
Ralph's tone turned grim. "The
murderer is cunning, choosing to act
at the public bath because it is the only place without surveillance. cameras in jail. He was vicious and professional, using tools from the scene and leaving no evidence. The
and
water washed his fin The
footprints away. 
"The murderer might be an inmate, a guard, or even multiple perpetrators. Everyone who had contact with
лох
Charles a suspect, and that's a wide scope. There are just too many factors interfering with the investigation, making it hard to obtain evidence." 
Bella raised her hand to hold off Justin's increasingly bold mouth. "Rather than finding the murderer, the more important part is their motive. Charles was about to be
sentenced. He couldn't e
from
it. Who could have taken such a high risk and come up with a meticulous plan to kill him? What kind of returns were they expecting from the risk?"
###chapter1432
"It couldn't be James." Justin decisively gave his analysis when Bella was confused, as if a strategist who served a queen.
"James had already achieved his aim, and there's no need for any extra action. It's a huge risk to murder someone in jail. He had already suffered once due to his recklessness, so he wouldn't do it again." "Yeah, I agree." Bella nodded earnestly.
"Although there's no evidence, I think it feels like what Christopher would do. Besides, with his power in Sentania and his secretly developed network in Savrow, it wouldn't be hard for him to hire someone to kill Charles in jail." Justin continued analyzing as he frowned.
"Yeah, that makes sense. When in doubt, suspect Christopher!" Bella pursed her lips, showing full agreement with his words.
Justin's rough fingers tipped Bella's chin up, his gaze doting and indulging.
"Now that you guys said so, I'm starting to suspect him too. I checked Charles' visiting records for the past few days this morning, and the last person to visit him was indeed Christopher!"
Ralph provided a piece of extremely important information, which made the couple's eyes light up.
"Ralph, doesn't the visiting room have a surveillance camera? Can you retrieve the footage for us to see?" Justin quickly asked.
"I can, but due to privacy protection principles, we only have video recordings without sound."
"Then we will hire a lip-reading specialist to decipher what Christopher and Charles talked about," Bella immediately suggested.
"That's my plan too, but it's a pity that we did not capture Christopher's face clearly on the video, only Charles. But we should still be able to get some useful information. Wait for my news. I'll get on it now!" After the call, Bella lowered her eyes, falling into silence.
"Bella, what is it? Are you in a bad mood?"
Justin placed his hand on her waist, lifting her onto his thigh, and let her lean sideways against him as he gently patted her back. "Originally, we hoped Charles would be sentenced to death and thought we needed to work more on it. Now, someone has saved the work for us. He died miserably. No matter what, it's not a bad thing."
"It's not bad, but..."
Bella furrowed her brows in
exasperation. "What I wanted to see most was for Charles to be standing in court, accepting legal judgment in front of everyone. That would be a satisfactory ending for Rachel, Amelia, and all the other victims. Sigh. He got off too easily 
Justin's gaze darkened, and he lowered his head to kiss her earlobe.
Bella's ruthless side also hit the mark with him.
"Bella, your expectations for yourself and everything else are too high, so you feel disappointed when something doesn't go your way. But most things don't go as planned. You should only do your best, and the rest..." 
"Let it be?" Bella murmured dejectedly.
"No. Leave it to me."
Justin's voice was low and soft, lingering around her ears gently. "Or you could just do nothing. I'm here, so you can trust me to handle everything."
Bella felt a surge of warmth rush through her heart, making her feel cozy. She rubbed her head against Justin's chest, saying, "I know I can rely on you, but you know me. I'm a natural worrywart. If I don't do it myself and do it well, I will feel
uncomfortable." 
“I understand. I'm also like this. These years, I personally handled all major and trivial matters in the Salvador Corporation. I won't feel assured if I let someone else work on it." Justin sighed in understanding. "Your father is really something else! He couldn't find another president as outstanding and responsible as you anywhere, but he still doesn't appreciate you, picking on your faults every day!"
Bella blurted out her genuine thoughts and immediately felt as if she had misspoken, hurriedly covering her mouth.
Justin chuckled, took her hand away, and kissed her lips. "You said nothing wrong. Why are you panicking?"
"But he's still your father. You can talk ill about him, but it's different if I do."
"Bella, I've said that Gregory and I are only in a cooperative relationship. I've got no family bond with him anymore. In the whole Salvador family, the only people I care about are Grandpa and Carrie."
###chapter1433
"Then... How about your brother, who saved you?" Bella asked softly.
Justin's breath hitched.
Terrifying and traumatic memories from his youth surfaced in his mind again, vivid and clear.
"Although we have different mothers, Grant saved my life, which is undeniable. I will always owe him one."
Bella knew that Justin was a man who valued bonds and connections, which was a good thing, but it could occasionally hold him back.
"If your brother returns and fights to become the heir of the Salvador Corporation, will you step down for him?"
Justin chuckled. "Are you scared that I'll have to depend on you?"
"I kept thinking about this."
Bella blinked seriously, hooking her arms around his neck. "I'm a shallow person, only interested in fame and fortune. I can't be a housewife who takes care of her husband and children. I only want to dominate the business field and become a shining queen. Since I've involved myself in your life, I must take responsibility for you. Of course, I must know what you think to help you to the greatest extent." Justin immediately felt a lump form in his throat.
Bella was a phoenix who was willing to stay grounded for him, willingly becoming the nameless woman behind him for three years.
He owed her too much.
"Looking at the chaos caused by your brother, he doesn't seem to be the type of person who doesn't care about fame and fortune. He just couldn't show himself due to health issues. But what if he recovers one day? He is the eldest son, and he's capable. He also has close ties to the Reeds in Meridan. With such a wide net cast and so much preparation work done, I don't believe that he wouldn't compete." Justin frowned and said, "My brother's health is not looking good. He has been wheelchair-bound for many years."
"Did the kidnapping cause his legs to be disabled?"
Justin shook his head, taking a deep breath. "He was too young and stuck in a narrow container for too long, causing organ failure due to the lack of oxygen. As a result, his body is extremely weak now. Not only does he need to take long-term
medication and oxygen therapy, he also needs a wheelchair when he goes out and can't stand for too long." 
"He sounds so fragile."
Bella had a dazed expression but let out a sigh of relief. "This type of organ damage is the most severe. If so, he probably can't compete with you." 
Sweene
"You're still thinking about this?" Justin smiled bitterly, his brows furrowed. "Sigh. Forget it."
Bella narrowed her eyes, raised her hand, and patted his well-defined face. "So what if he tries to
compete? Grandpa Nigel supports you, and you have my full support too. After all, you've climbed the ladder and clung to a powerhouse like the Thompson family. My dear Mr. Salvador, your good days are yet
to come." 
Justin's lips curled up in a pleased smile. He suddenly pressed Bella down on the sofa, teasing her with his warm breath and seductive gaze.
"My queen, please take me under your wing."
The night grew darker.
A Rolls-Royce stopped at the police station near the east district.
Not long after, Ralph hurriedly came out of the gate and got into Bella's car.
Justin and lan were in the car too. They stared straight at Ralph, waiting for his news.
###chapter1434
"Look at this video first."
Ralph took out an iPad and played the full video of Christopher visiting Charles in jail.
Bella inched closer, asking in confusion, "What did he ask Charles to sign?"
"I've asked my colleagues in the technical department to analyze it. It's a share transfer agreement," Ralph replied grimly.
The three other people were stunned.
"This... How is it possible?"
lan spoke first. "Shares represent their place and importance in the Iverson Group. Even if Charles could never leave jail for the rest of his life, he hates Christopher to the core. There's no way Charles would transfer shares to Christopher!"
"I've also hired lip-reading professionals to interpret their conversation. The gist is that Christopher should have told Charles that his current predicament was all thanks to James. If he transferred the shares to him, he could find a way to bail him out. Something like that."
Bella and Justin said simultaneously, "Idiot!"
"I thought so too. Christopher finally got rid of a major obstacle to his rise to power. How could he let him out? Charles should have used his rusty brain." Ralph tutted and shook his head.
lan mocked angrily, "Hmph! A monster like him should have his brain eaten by a dog. He's better off dead. Having him alive is a waste of oxygen!"
"After getting Charles' shares, Christopher should have been satisfied. Is there a need to kill him?" Looking at Bella's heavy expression, Justin felt a little lost.
"If it were a normal person, they would've been satisfied. But to someone as vindictive and ruthless as Christopher, getting his shares was far from enough." Bella clenched her fists tightly. "What he really wanted was for Charles to die. Now that Charles is dead, his next target must be James."
"But even so, doesn't his actions seem too rushed?"
Justin had a keen intuition, which always made him the first to notice something amiss. "It's like if he didn't act now, Charles would be released..."
Ralph glanced at Justin, raising his brows slightly. "Christopher indeed gave Charles some so-called evidence, saying it could help him flip his case. Because of this,
Charles signed the share transe.ne
agreement. After all, Charles first priority is to clear his name and get out of jail. Otherwise, no amount of money would matter to him." 
He could not help but secretly admire his meticulous brother-in-law. Justin had good potential to be a police officer too.
snet
However, Ralph did not want to praise Justin, fearing that he would get conceited.
lan was enlightened. "So Christopher
was in a hurry to murder Charles. On
one hand, he wanted to exact
revenge. He also can't let Charles get out of jail." 
Bella said, "How about the stuff Christopher gave him?"
"It's no longer there. We were a step too late." Ralph sighed in frustration.
Just as the silence grew heavy, Bella's phone rang.
It was Sasha.
"Aunt Sasha, what's the matter?"
"Bella! Are you in Savrow?" Sasha's tone was extremely anxious.
"Yes. What's up?"
"Where's Justin? Is he with you?!"
"Not just Justin. Ralph is here too."
Bella was more puzzled. "Aunt Sasha, did anything happen at home? What's going on? Don't scare me." Justin did not know what it was, but he immediately tightened his hold on Bella's waist, being on high alert. "That man you mentioned to me before, the man called Maxwell... He appeared!"
###chapter1435
After several days, Maxwell finally could not bear to stay hidden anymore and showed himself.
However, Bella did not expect that the person to bring her this news was not Asher or Ryan, but Sasha!
Justin also realized at this moment why Sasha immediately asked if he was with Bella.
It was because she understood Bella's temper.
If Bella knew that Maxwell had appeared, she would definitely throw everything aside to rush after him recklessly, trying to capture him. No one could stop her. How could no one be by her side to protect her? "Aunt Sasha! How did you know it?! Who gave you the information?!" Bella's heart raced with excitement. She was shocked.
"It's Elias, my father's godson!"
Justin looked confused, asking Bella in a low voice, "Elias is..."
Bella's eyes lit up, passionately introducing to Justin, "It's the man who force-fed Hunter shit. Technically, I should call him my uncle."
Justin was enlightened. Elias was indeed a great talent!
"I asked him to gather all his men and distribute Maxwell's photo, secretly searching for Maxwell's whereabouts in the underground world."
Sasha's voice trembled from excitement. "I just wanted to try my luck. Who would have thought that we'd really find him?!"
When she was at home, Bella mentioned this matter to Mila and Sasha. Sasha showed interest and asked detailed questions, even asking for Maxwell's photo.
At that time, Bella thought Sasha was merely curious, but unexpectedly, Sasha immediately acted upon it, asking her connections to look around, and they actually found him!
"Aunt Sasha, where did they see Maxwell? Where is he now? They didn't lose him, did they?!" Bella questioned her anxiously, grasping Justin's hand tightly.
"Maxwell went to Savrow's underground black market with a few of his lackeys to buy some smuggled gold watches and chains. Elias didn't get to investigate the specifics." Savrow's underground black market?
Bella could be considered a wild one among the younger generation of wealthy families, but she had never heard of such a place.
Even Justin, as a Savrow local, had never heard of it.
"Yes. Maxwell is wanted internationally now. The Salvadors, Hoffmans, and the police are all looking for him. He's like a rat that could only hide in the sewers. Except for that kind of place, where else could he go?"
Ralph could not help exclaiming, "The Southern Star Syndicate is indeed the biggest gang in Savrow. They're like the underground information network themselves!"
Justin pursed his thin lips, feeling deeply ashamed apart from the admiration.
He and Ryan had been tracking Maxwell for days and almost caught him once, but Maxwell still got away in the end, even causing them heavy losses.
In the end, it was still Bella's family who helped her.
Bella was strong enough on her own, yet she had a billionaire father, talented brothers, a First Lady sister, and the heiress of the Southern Star Syndicate supporting her. It only made her even more powerful.
They really left no room for him to shine.
"Maxwell took the risk to buy these stuff in the black market because he wanted to convert his money into valuable commodities. He might be planning to escape soon!"
Bella felt a fire burning in her heart, and even her voice sounded urgent. "Aunt Sasha, please inform Uncle Elias immediately..."
"Uncle Elias? How is he your uncle? He doesn't deserve it! Just call him Elias!" Sasha treated Bella like a princess. Even if Elias became the head of the Southern Star Syndicate, he still could not claim any familial ties with Bella. 
Bella did not care about it and only focused on making plans. "Please inform him right away not to alarm Maxwell, and don't even think about confronting him directly because he has the advantage in numbers Maxwell's men are all mercenaries who kill without blinking an eye, and they have heavy firearms. The Hoffman family had already suffered a major loss. You can't let your people dig their own graves!" 
"I understand! Elias is not reckless. He knows his limits."
Sasha quickly agreed. "I'll ask him to follow Maxwelt closely now and contact you immediately once there are updates! Oh, let Justin, Ryan, and Ralph handle this. Don't get carried away and rush there yourself! We're getting old, and our hearts are weak. Your dad even has a cerebral infarction. You'd better stay put at home if you don't want to see us dead!"
###chapter1436
Suddenly, Sasha shouted again, "Did you hear me, Justin?"
Justin hastily sat up straight and responded, "Yes, I'm right here!"
"You need to control Bella. Don't let her act recklessly!"
Although Sasha still sounded annoyed, her words carried evident concern. "If something happens to Bella, the Southern Star Syndicate will not spare you!"
Bella sighed silently, rubbing her temples. 'What a domineering lady boss from the Southern Star Syndicate, asserting her authority!'
Ralph chuckled and shook his head, while lan truly feared for his boss's life.
Justin's large hand wrapped around Bella's waist, his grip tightening around her protectively.
"Don't worry, Mom. I'll protect Bella with everything I've got. Please believe in me."
Suddenly, the atmosphere in the car grew quiet.
'M-Mom?'
Even Bella, who usually only called her Aunt Sasha, was surprised that Justin suddenly referred to her as "Mom"!
Justin took an undue advantage and pretended to be clever.
The phone suddenly went silent on the other end, then Sasha yelled, "You little brat! Who do you think you are to call me that? Get lost!"
That night, Maxwell had made up his mind to leave Savrow. Before leaving, he had to exchange the local currency he had for gold. After all, those banknotes would be worthless once he left the country. However, gold was universally valuable.
As he left the black market contentedly, ready to go to the designated location to collect the money, he received a call from Christopher.
"Don't come over yet. I've already moved the money somewhere else."
"You bastard! Christopher, are you messing with me?! Did you actually prepare the money?!" Maxwell completely lost his patience and cursed loudly.
"Pfft, messing with you?"
Christopher let out a chilling laugh. "Do you think I'd bother with such a paltry sum? How much money have you earned from me over the years? Don't you have a rough idea of it? It's definitely more than this." 
Through gritted teeth, Maxwell asked, "Why did you change the location then?"
"You've been followed."
"What?! How is that possible?!"
"They have been watching you since you were at the black market. You thought you could hide there without anyone noticing you. But the black market is full of gang members. Ms. Thompson's family has ties to the Southern Star Syndicate, the largest gang in Savrow. The members of that gang have spotted you. Do you think you can still hide your
whereabouts?" 
As a foreigner, Maxwell naturally had no idea about the extent of the Southern Star Syndicate's underground power in Savrow.
They were everywhere, infiltrating every corner of the city.
"Damn it... I couldn't care less about any gang. Not even the Hoffmans' associates are worth my attention. If they truly have a death wish, they can come at me then!" Maxwell's expression was ferocious. "Well, it seems to me that you really don't want to leave."
Christopher's tone turned as cold
and hard as if he had placed a sharp knife at Maxwell's throat. "You're
now an internationally wanted
criminal, and I'm sure the authorities have already traced your whereabouts. If you don't do as I say, you might end up in a lifetime of misery for being arrogant." 
Maxwell had had enough of Christopher's control over him.
However, he was helpless in a foreign country. He needed Christopher's help to get himself out of the country. Yet he could not help but retort, "Hmph! You better not try anything funny!"
###chapter1437
"If I get caught, I'll expose all the dirty deeds you've done over the years! I'll make Ms. Thompson see the true colors of her childhood sweetheart. She'll see what kind of person you are!" Christopher's lips curled up in a silent, mocking smile, as cold as frost. 'Go ahead. Go ahead and tell them everything. Well, that's if you still have the chance to do so.'
"So, how are you planning to hand me the money?" Maxwell's entire being hung on the fate of his finances.
"Just follow the route I've instructed you to take. I'll arrange for someone to cover for you to help you escape smoothly. As for the money, I'll place it on the plane. Once you've escaped, board quickly, and the plane will depart immediately. You'll be able to leave Savrow successfully then."
After receiving instructions from Bella, Sasha repeatedly warned Elias not to act recklessly and confront Maxwell. If he refused to comply, she would threaten to block all contact with him.
This statement had a powerful impact on the arrogant patriarch, who remained oblivious to his limitations.
As soon as Bella and Justin received the information, they immediately contacted Ryan and Asher. The police also deployed personnel to track down Maxwell and his associates along the route provided by Elias.
However, just as they rushed toward the direction Maxwell was fleeing, they received a call from Ryan that they had lost the target.
"Escaped?! How is that possible?!"
Bella was furious, and her eyes widened in frustration. She pounded her fist fiercely against the car window. The dull thud made Justin worry she might hurt her hand.
"Ryan, what happened?"
Justin's warm and large hand enveloped Bella's trembling, red fist as his brows furrowed deeply.
"We had multiple parties involved in this operation, forming almost an impenetrable net. How could he possibly have escaped?"
Ryan's strained voice revealed his anxiety. "We were tailing him closely the entire way, but as we passed through an underground tunnel, our cars were blocked by several vehicles at the tunnel entrance." Bella and Justin exchanged a knowing glance, understanding the situation immediately.
It was likely Christopher, who had received advance notice and sent reinforcements.
"That cunning snake! Christopher truly has a far-reaching network!" Bella's eyes blazed with hatred as her frustration boiled over.
Bella despised Christopher for his lack of moral compass and for associating with villains.
She also loathed how he always managed to disrupt things at the most crucial moments, yet always emerged victorious every time.
How could someone as proud as her accept defeat?
It was not just a battle between good and evil but also a contest between her and Christopher.
Bella silently vowed to capture Christopher alive, expose his crimes, tear off his mask, and subject him to justice.
"Then, we managed to break through the blockade and go through the tunnel. But when we intercepted the car, we found that Maxwell wasn't in it!"
"It means someone in the tunnel aided Maxwell, facilitating his escape by swapping vehicles!"
Bella's gaze turned icy, her presence
Ret
commanding, as if she were a female commander holding the reins in a central command room "Contact Ralph now! Have him retrieve the surveillance footage from the tunnel entrance. Track down every vehicle that left the tunnel during that time period!" 
"Bella, although Maxwell has
fel
temporarily escaped, Savrow is now under our tight surveillance. He only has one option, which is to depart tonight. He has to head out of Savrow as fast as possible." Justin's eyes blazed with determination, and his voice was cold. 
"Yes! He must be heading toward the airport!"
Bella tightened her grip on her partner's hand, her heart pounding like a drum against her chest.
"Tell the police to seal off the airport
now! Also, track down every vehicle exiting the tunnel and heading
toward the airport. Maxwell must be among them!"
###chapter1438
Late at night, at Savrow International Airport.
Under the calm atmosphere, a storm was brewing, with multiple crises looming.
Ralph had obtained an arrest warrant and joined forces with the customs department to hunt down Maxwell. They implemented stringent surveillance protocols to avoid causing public panic or disrupting flight operations.
Once Maxwell appeared, they were to capture him on the spot.
Throughout the airport, police officers in disguise were strategically stationed, complemented by personnel from the Thompsons and Hoffmans beyond customs.
Tonight, the airport had become a meticulously woven trap awaiting Maxwell's arrival.
As time ticked away, Asher, Ralph, and Ryan stood vigilantly in the control room, their eyes fixed on numerous surveillance screens. Despite the tension and their strained eyes, they dared not relax. "Mr. Asher, Captain Ralph, do you think..."
Sensing the oppressive atmosphere, Ryan coughed lightly and asked, "Do you think it's possible that Maxwell has been missing for so long because he underwent plastic surgery? By now, he must've fully recovered. If he were to show up with a brand-new face right under our noses, we wouldn't recognize him, right?"
Asher stared coldly at the screen, too engrossed to hear what Ryan was saying.
Out of politeness, Ralph glanced at Ryan and replied to him. After all, Ryan had worked hard to help out in this matter. "If he underwent plastic surgery, then how did he get noticed by the members of the Southern Star Syndicate?"
Ryan blinked his charming eyes and suddenly felt enlightened. "Ah... That makes sense! Haha!"
Ralph was at a loss for words. 'They say friends are supposed to complement each other. Did Justin make friends with Ryan to highlight his intelligence and wit?'
"Wait a second. Zoom in on the center screen!" Asher commanded, his gaze fixed on the monitors, his muscular arms suddenly grasping the table's edge.
The police officer promptly complied, opening up the central screen.
The next second, all three of them were stunned.
Suddenly, a strong, icy pressure filled the entire control room.
To their astonishment, the person on the screen was none other than Christopher. He was pushing a wheelchair with his mother seated in it, accompanied by his secretary, Taylor, and two bodyguards. "Christopher?! How dare he show up here?!" Ryan erupted in fury, slamming his fist onto the table.
"Christopher's private jet is here. It's very likely that Maxwell is boarding his private jet to leave Savrow."
Asher's expression was frosty as he stared coldly at the screen. "For him to appear at this moment with his mother, he's probably trying to divert our attention, using his identity to cover for Maxwell." Ralph nodded gravely. "I agree. It's too coincidental. He must've planned this!"
"Damn it... Judging by how he's rushing into our trap like this, Christopher is practically begging for trouble!" Ryan's narrowed eyes seemed to emit sparks of anger.
Despite the tense situation, his sudden witty remark brought a faint smile to the Thompson brothers' faces.
"Anyway, from now on, we must thoroughly monitor every corner of the airport. We must also watch Christopher closely. If necessary, he cannot leave the airport." Asher declared, his brows furrowed and his eyes shining with a cold glint.
Christopher smoothly passed through customs, pushing his mother in a wheelchair. His secretary walked with them as they made their way toward his private jet.
"Chris... Where are we going?" Mrs. Iverson looked up at her son, her expression innocent and childlike, not befitting her age.
"Mom, you've been cooped up at home for too long. I'm taking you out to relax."
Christopher's deep, slightly upturned
eyes brimmed with gentle warmth. Suddenly, he stopped and approached his mother. Kneeling beside her, he carefully arranged the fluffy blanket over her knees. "We'll go wherever you want to go. I'll always be by your side." 
"Chris, haven't you always told me you want to go on a graduation trip with Bella? Haven't you said your biggest wishes to be with Bella? Bringing me along would be burdensome for you. Why don't you go with Bella? She hasn't visited our home in a long time. You should make more plans with her when you're free. I'll make some delicious food for you guys. I remember that she likes chocolate and cake... I'll make them for you. When the time comes, don't tell her I made them. Just tell her that you made them yourself. Bella will surely feel touched and delighted..." 
Upon mentioning Bella, Mrs. Iverson's eyes lit up slightly.
"Mom, thank you for thinking of me. I'm also glad that you're fond of Bella."
Christopher raised his trembling hand and gently stroked his mother's thin, frail cheeks, tears glistening in his eyes as he forced a radiant smile. "But this time, I can't persuade Bella to join me. I'm sorry for disappointing you."
"Chris, what are you talking about?"
Upon seeing her son's distressed expression, Mrs. Iverson's hands fluttered anxiously in the air like a clueless child. "I'm not disappointed. I'm simply concerned that you won't find happiness. It's alright. There's plenty of time ahead. Just try to spend more time with Bella in the
future. Eventually, she'll recognize
your efforts and surely fall for you!"
Christopher nodded gently, flashing a smile. However, he felt like his heart was boiling in hot oil.
Over time, Mrs. Iverson's mind became muddled, and her memory and bodily functions were gradually deteriorating.
She thought that Christopher was still in high school or college.
Sometimes, she even saw him as a child, playing happily at her feet.
Unfortunately, she had completely forgotten what her son looked like.
"Mom, since you adore Bella that much, I'll make sure she falls in love with me. I'll work hard and make her your daughter-in-law." Before Christopher could finish his sentence, a cold voice pierced through his heart from behind.
"Christopher."
It was Bella's voice!
How could he not recognize the woman who haunted his dreams?
Christopher could not contain his joy as he turned around immediately. However, his expression quickly darkened in the next moment.
He turned to see Bella and Justin standing side by side before him, their expressions frosty, emanating palpable hostility.
###chapter1439
The chilly night breeze carried an ominous tension, swirling between them like a looming threat.
Upon seeing Justin's arrival, Christopher's expression shifted dramatically from joy to solemnity.
"Bella, you're here?" Mrs. Iverson's eyes lit up with tender affection, wishing she could rise from her wheelchair to greet her.
Bella's remarkable beauty has always left a lasting impression on Mrs. Iverson, even to the point where she sometimes struggled to recognize her own son but never failed to identify Bella instantly. Mrs. Iverson genuinely cherished Bella, unable to conceal her affection.
"Hello, Mrs. Iverson," Bella greeted politely, bowing respectfully.
Justin stood by Bella's side, encircling his arm around her waist, his gaze sharp and unwavering as he observed Christopher's every move.
"Bella, who is this?" Mrs. Iverson looked puzzled, glancing uncertainly at Justin's impassive face and instinctively reaching for Christopher's sleeve.
Bella was about to speak, her gaze fixed on her partner's handsome side profile.
But before she could, Christopher adjusted his gold-rimmed glasses and said with a smile, "Bella, what a coincidence to run into you here. Are you going on a trip, too?"
Throughout the interaction, he engaged solely with Bella, completely disregarding Justin's presence.
"Christopher, do you think I'd be in the mood for a vacation?"
Bella's eyes glinted sharply, her voice carrying a frosty tone, refusing to entertain Christopher even in front of Mrs. Iverson.
"You know perfectly well the extent of the schemes you've orchestrated and the bloodshed you caused. With Maxwell still roaming freely and my brother and Justin's vendetta unresolved, how can I find any enjoyment if you remain untouched?"
Justin's thin lips slightly quivered as he gazed into his partner's starry eyes, brimming with love as radiant as starlight.
"Chris... What is Bella talking about? What bloodshed? I don't understand," Mrs. Iverson asked, her eyes filled with confusion.
"It's normal that you don't understand, because I don't either."
Christopher gently comforted his mother, his hands lightly rubbing her shoulders. His exquisitely sculpted features gave no hint of his sinister nature. "Bella, who is this Maxwell guy? And what happened to you brother and Mr. Salvador? Is there anything I can do to help them?"
A raging inferno surged within Justin's chest, his deep-set eyes like tumultuous waves.
The brutal images of their near-death experience on South Island, when they were trying to capture Winston, remained vivid in his mind.
Yet, here was Christopher, the mastermind behind it all, shamelessly portraying himself as an innocent person and offering him his assistance. Assistance in meeting a swift demise?
Bella felt the hand supporting her waist tremble with tension. She felt him struggling to suppress his anger.
Her heart felt heavy with the desire to vent her frustrations for him, her brother, sister, and her brother-in-law, who were far away in Sentania.
However, this was not the right time. Indulging in momentary verbal satisfaction was meaningless.
She wanted Christopher to pay a heavy price for his actions and for him to repent.
"Chris... I feel a bit cold. Can we leave now?" Mrs. Iverson's frail body curled slightly as she asked cautiously.
Over the years, her son sheltered her indoors, making her delicate and sensitive to the slightest chill. Though it was almost fall, the temperature in Savrow was still far from cold, whether it was during the day or night.
"Sure, Mom. I'll take you to the plane now."
As Christopher was about to lead his mother toward the gateway, Justin's voice cut in abruptly, chilled to the bone. "Mr. Iverson, I regret to inform you that your plane might not be able to take off from here tonight. You won't be going anywhere." 
However, Christopher seemed oblivious to Justin's words, continuing to walk toward his private jet.
"Christopher," Justin's gaze darkened significantly, emanating a pressure that seemed to freeze the atmosphere.
"Didn't you hear that my mother's feeling cold?" Christopher retorted, glaring at Justin.
His gaze was fierce and vicious, like
189.1983
that of a snake poised to strike at any moment. "Besides, who are you to dictate what I can and cannot If the authorities suspect me of anything, they can bring an arrest warrant, and I'll cooperate with any investigation. Otherwise, no one can stop me." 
"Suspect? How absurd."
Bella sneered, her lips curling into a mocking smile. "If there were any suspicions, we wouldn't have come to see you, let alone try to stop you. Christopher, you're the mastermind behind it all. I won't believe a thing you say."
###chapter1440
The word "we" marked an unbridgeable gap between Christopher and the couple. It was a barrier that he could never overcome.
Even so, Christopher's gaze on Bella still held deep affection.
His obsessive love had turned him into a shameless lunatic.
"Bella, you've misunderstood me. But since you suspect me, I'm willing to cooperate with you fully."
As Christopher spoke, he leaned down to hold his mother's hand, gently caressing it. "Mom, I'm sorry... I'm afraid I can't accompany you on the trip."
"It's alright. I'm fine..."
Mrs. Iverson's worried gaze turned to Bella, her eyes brimming with tears as she spoke, "Bella, don't be mad at Chris! If he has upset you, I... I apologize on his behalf!"
Bella's heart clenched, "Mrs. Iverson, please don't say that..."
Although Christopher was incorrigible and cunning, Mrs. Iverson was a pitiful woman, suffering from a serious illness. Bella did not want to engage in a fierce conflict with Christopher in front of her.
After all, this woman, abandoned and exiled by her husband for fifteen years, had only Christopher as her hope.
Bella did not want to extinguish the flicker of hope that kept her going.
After witnessing the touching scene between the mother and son, Justin's eyes dimmed, and his heart ached. Yes, he bitterly envied them.
Justin could not comprehend why Christopher, despite having precious loved ones by his side, especially his mother, who cared for him so deeply, would ultimately choose such a dark path. Why was Christopher so shady? 
What Christopher recklessly squandered was something Justin could only dream of. The more Justin thought about it, the more unforgivable Christopher's act seemed.
"Bella, please... No matter what, please don't be mad at Chris. Don't ignore him, okay?" Mrs. Iverson's words became increasingly unclear as her sickness relapsed. Upon seeing his mother's condition, Christopher felt deeply concerned and immediately ordered his secretary, "Taylor, go get the medicine."
"Yes, Mr. Iverson!"
"Bella, no matter how much you doubt me or use any harsh words on me, I won't hold it against you. Because you, like my mother, are the people I care about the most."
Christopher pleaded, looking at her
with a pained expression. "But if things don't turn out as you wish, and if you wrongly accuse me of something, how would you make it up to me, Bella?" 
Bella furrowed her brows tightly, feeling an inexplicable uneasiness. 'Why is he so calm? Is it because he's internally strong and fearless, or... Does he have another trick up his sleeves?!' 
Suddenly, urgent calls from Asher and Ralph echoed, "Bella!" Immediately after, Ryan's voice followed suit. "Justin!"
The young couple turned to respond in unison. "Asher! Ralph!"
At that exact moment, Christopher's lips curled into a subtle smirk.
Asher's gaze turned sharp, concealing anger as he fixed his eyes on this deceitful man.
Ralph's demeanor grew somber as he lowered his voice, "Just now, a helicopter took off from the Mount Jaglee National Forest Park in Savrow."
###chapter1441
"Just as it was about to leave Savrow and reach the airspace bordering Hatchbay, it exploded!"
"It exploded?!" Bella and Justin's brows furrowed deeply.
"Yes, residents within a dozen kilometers of the area heard a massive explosion."
Ralph took a sharp breath. "The explosion destroyed the helicopter instantly. It seems there are no survivors!"
Justin's heart sank, and his sharp, eagle-like gaze suddenly turned to Christopher.
Immediately after they discovered Maxwell's whereabouts, people went after them to prevent them from stopping Maxwell. Then, Christopher, the troublemaker, appeared again, and the helicopter exploded. It all seemed interconnected, as if Christopher was pulling the strings!
"No survivors... Can we identify the helicopter's owner, then? What about the number of passengers and their identities?" Bella's breath quickened as she inquired.
Ralph turned to her, his head close to hers as he said, "I've dispatched my subordinates to look up the helicopter's details and collected surveillance footage along the route and nearby areas. We should have answers soon."
"I think it's probably just Maxwell."
Justin's handsome face was as frosty as ever, and his voice was strained and hoarse. "Christopher is trying to mess with us. First, with a diversion, and now with this attack! He anticipated from the start that we would discover his purchase of a private jet and use the plane to send Maxwell away. So, his sudden appearance at the airport was to draw attention to himself and provide cover for Maxwell. In fact, he never intended for Maxwell to leave Savrow in his private jet."
"Damn it! This sneaky bastard!" Ryan cursed loudly, hoping Christopher heard it loud and clear.
"N-No."
Bella shut her reddened eyes, anger
surging in her chest. "He never intended to let Maxwell leave Savrow ative from the beginning! I'm not mistaken, he originally
intended to transport Maxwell.net
with
this private jet. However, we found out about the plane, and Maxwell's whereabouts were exposed, so he prepared another helicopter for them to disappear without a trace!" 
The atmosphere fell into a suffocating silence.
This time, they had no choice but to admit that it took constant vigilance to stave off evil.
"Captain Thompson, if you don't need me for the investigation, can I leave now?"
Christopher adjusted his glasses, his cold gaze carrying a hint of amusement. Rather than wasting time on me, I believe it's better for all if you hurry up and figure out how to deal with the troubles ahead. By now, the news about tonight's helicopter explosion must've flooded the internet. Captain Thompson, shouldn't you contact the station to control public opinion on the
matter?" 
Seeing Christopher's brazen attitude, Ralph clenched his teeth with an audible grind.
Christopher gave Bella one last meaningful glance before turning to push his mother's wheelchair toward the air bridge.
Just as they were boarding, Ralph received a message from his subordinate.
[We can almost confirm that
Maxwell and his associates were on
that helicopter. Cameras along the route captured their whereabouts We have dispatched additional personnel to help out. Our team is currently searching for the wreckage near the explosion scene, and we may receive further updates later.] 
Before Ralph could finish his sentence, Bella suddenly turned around.
Despite Justin's attempt to grab hold of her, he was a step too late. "Bella! Where are you going?!"
"Bella! Come back!"
However, Bella did not look back. Instead, she hastened toward Christopher's private jet.
###chapter1442
Shortly after boarding the plane, Mrs. Iverson began to feel weak, so Christopher helped her to the bed.
As soon as he emerged from the inner room, he saw Bella. She was exuding a chilling aura, her eyes burning with anger, and her captivating face flushed with fury.
"M-Mr. Iverson..." Taylor, Christopher's secretary, stood nervously behind Bella, wearing a deeply troubled expression.
She was the woman Christopher held dear, so even if she wanted to blow up the plane, Taylor dared not intervene.
In an instant, the dark look in Christopher's eyes dissipated, and his lips curled into a gentle smile.
He was about to approach Bella when she strode swiftly to stand before him.
Bella seized the lapels of his suit with both hands, channeling her resentment into strength, and forcefully pressed him against the cabin door with a loud thud.
Clink-
The exquisite and expensive crystal glass on the table fell and tumbled to the ground, creating a mess beneath their feet.
"Mr. Iverson, Ms. Thompson, let's talk things out properly!" Taylor remained rooted to his spot, flustered but hesitant to intervene. Christopher met Bella's crimson gaze. His lips curled into a gentle smile as he calmly raised a hand to signal Taylor not to approach. "It was you, wasn't it, Christopher?"
Their eyes locked in an intense gaze, with fiery anger burning in Bella's eyes as she gripped his stiff collar, her hand trembling uncontrollably. "You've slipped through my fingers once again, achieving your goal. You must be feeling quite smug and satisfied, aren't you?"
"Bella, I really have no idea what you're talking about."
Christopher's expression remained unchanged as he gazed at Bella with eyes filled with almost obsessive affection, bordering on insatiable greed. "Well, regardless, I'm very pleased to have the chance to be this close to you and see you again. Bella, you've lost weight. Was Justin not taking care of you? Does he truly love you?"
"Christopher, what right do you have to say such things? You mentioning Justin's name is nothing short of an insult to him." Bella's veins on her temples bulged, twitching involuntarily.
Christopher felt a sharp pain in his heart, the agony evident on his face. "So, you genuinely love him, just like how I love you."
"Don't mention the word 'love' to me. Your love is too disgusting!"
Bella interrupted with a look of disgust. "Is that what you call love? Your love is about ruthlessly hurting my loved ones and eliminating anyone who opposes you or stands in your way. Christopher, what turned you into a heartless monster who kills without even thinking twice? You weren't like this before!"
The man before her, with a face as beautiful as an angel, suddenly stared at her intently and burst into laughter.
He thought, 'Yes, Bella, what turned me into this? You were so lovely and lively when you were younger. But I can't remember what kind of person I was in front of you back then. Bella, what have I done wrong? No matter how I've changed, I'm still me. I'm still the one who loves you the most.'
"I don't think I've done anything wrong. Everyone has their way of loving someone, and I'm just loving you in my own way."
Bella could not bear to hear the word
"love" coming from Christopher's
mouth at sent shivers down her spine. "What will it take for you to stop your madness? What will make you stop?" 
“Leave Justin and be with me." Christopher's voice softened with emotion as he gazed at her affectionately.
It was not about bargaining anymore. It was almost like Christopher was confessing to Bella.
"Hmph! Don't even dream about it." Bella retorted, each word dripping with defiance as if flames were coursing through her veins.
"Someday we'll be together, Bella. Someday..." Christopher chuckled softly, seemingly unfazed by her cold demeanor.
He was stubborn and unapologetic, beyond redemption.
Bella abruptly released his collar, took two steps back, and distanced herself from him. "Christopher, let me be clear with you. You've crossed the line with me, so you're now my top enemy. I won't let you off the hook, not ever. You wanted compensation, right? If my compensation means sending you straight to hell, would you still want it?" 
With those resolute words, Bella turned and swiftly left the scene.
Taylor witnessed the entire ordeal, frozen in shock and too terrified to even breathe.
Christopher clutched his aching chest, gasping for air as he weakly sat on the chair, tremblingly extending his left arm toward Taylor. "Yes! I'll bring it right away!"
Taylor immediately retrieved a medical steel box, took out a syringe, and skillfully injected a dose of medication into Christopher's vein.
Soon, Christopher's trembling subsided, and the temporary numbness brought him some relief, alleviating the pain in his heart.
He thought, 'Bella, please continue to torment me relentlessly. This is the entire meaning of my existence.'
Just as the plane was about to take off, Christopher's phone rang.
Seeing the caller ID, he promptly answered.
"Sir."
"The fireworks over Savrow tonight were quite impressive. I enjoyed them very much." The man's voice on the other end was low and pleasant. "I'm glad you enjoyed them," Christopher responded respectfully.
"However, it's a pity."
"It's not a pity. Whether it's the $100 million or the plane, they're all sacrifices to me."
The man chuckled. "What I truly
lament is Ms. Thompson. She's such a proud and competitive. person. Yet she still fell short by just one move and lost to you in the end." 
###chapter1443
On the way back from the airport, Bella stared silently at the scattered neon lights outside the window, not uttering a word to Justin.
Sensing her emotions, Justin gave her the space to process, yet his grip on her icy hand remained steadfast.
His gaze remained fixed on her pale but beautiful profile, filled with concern.
Just like this, the couple returned home amidst the oppressive atmosphere.
As they walked into their house, Bella received a call from Ralph.
"Bella, the identities of the victims are confirmed to be Maxwell and his associates."
Bella closed her eyes, her teeth biting down hard on her lip, blood seeping out.
Justin's eyes were bloodshot and dark. He was almost unable to breathe after seeing her struggle so intensely.
"The forensic team conducted a thorough search near the explosion site and found their two passports, along with some items that could confirm their identities as citizens of Terranova. Along with the surveillance footage along the route, it's almost certain it's them."
Seeing Bella's continued silence, Ralph hurriedly comforted her. "Bella, don't be too upset. None of those people are good people. They're all ruthless criminals in Terranova. Maxwell has committed many crimes in his country. He's a real villain and deserves to die. We're still looking for the black box on the helicopter. But we can't rule out the possibility of foul play in this explosion. Fortunately, there were no other additional casualties. So, Bella, don't get yourself too worked up. Just leave the rest to us."
Bella's dry lips trembled as she struggled to speak, "I understand. It's just..."
"You felt frustrated and defeated because we didn't manage to catch Christopher. Even though Maxwell is gone, the mastermind behind him is still lurking under your nose. Others may not understand your feeling of powerlessness, but as a police officer, why'd you think I wouldn't know how you're feeling?"
Ralph gently comforted Bella. His
usually fiery and impulsive demeanor was replaced with patience for his beloved sister. "But Bella, defeat is inevitable. Setbacks are common in warfare. If you succumb to self-doubt and negativity after a momentary loss, then you're truly defeated by the enemy. All your previous efforts will be in vain, then. 
"If you want to achieve ultimate victory, you need an indomitable fighting spirit! Bella, we haven't been defeated yet. Capturing him is only a matter of time. In my many years as a cop, I've brought even the most elusive serial killers to justice. I've never encountered a case that I couldn't crack. Remember, where there's a will, there's a way!" 
Where there's a will, there's a way.
The Thompsons never believed in fate and never surrendered.
"Thanks for comforting me, Ralph... Don't worry, I'm not that fragile."
After hanging up the phone, Bella, who had been trying to hold her emotions in check, finally broke down. She threw herself into Justin's arms, crying uncontrollably like a complete mess.
It felt like the impregnable fortress in her heart crumbled instantly before the man she loved most.
Justin held her tightly around the
waist with his left arm, his right hand
gently stroking her trembling back as his quivering lips brushed against her ear, softly murmuring, "My dear Bella, cry as much as you need to. Just don't bottle up your emotions. It only hurt you." 
"Why am I so stupid?" Bella gripped his shirt, unable to resist condemning herself.
"Silly girl, if you're stupid, then I'm nothing more than a pig."
"See... Even you think that I'm silly..." The petite woman cried even harder.
Justin looked remorseful, wanting to slap himself for saying that.
"Alright... I know what you're trying to say. I'll be fine after I cry it all out..."
###chapter1444
Bella's tear-streaked face nuzzled against Justin's chest once more. When she looked up, the man's sturdy chest muscles beneath his shirt were faintly visible, presenting a seductive sight before her. Feeling a bit embarrassed, she sniffled a few times, rubbing her palms against the areas where her tears had dampened his shirt.
Her adorable demeanor stirred warmth in Justin's heart and set it abuzz.
But tonight, he decided he would not do anything with her. He wished for her to find solace in his embrace and rest peacefully.
"You haven't eaten anything all night, have you? You must be hungry. Let me whip up something for you," Justin said tenderly, wiping away the tears at the corners of her eyes with his fingertips. "Mmm... But you haven't eaten either. Let me do it. You always take a long time to cook. We'll end up having a midnight feast if you do it," Bella sniffed, her nose reddened from crying.
Justin chuckled softly. "I'll ask Wilma to prepare something for us then."
"It's late. Just let me take care of it."
"In that case, let's do it together."
Bella's heart warmed at his suggestion. "Alright, let's do it together."
With the skilled chef's assistance, Justin could only lend a hand. Meanwhile, Bella swiftly whipped up a large pot of mac and cheese.
It was a truly substantial amount.
It seemed that Bella was using her appetite to channel her anger.
"Bella... It's late. Will you be able to sleep tonight if you eat this much? Won't you feel uncomfortable? Justin stared at the pot of food in disbelief, suddenly feeling a bit full. 
Standing by the table, Bella rolled up her sleeves, holding a large spoon, as she vigorously stirred the ingredients into a large lump. "Don't worry After eating, I'll go rowing on the lake in the backyard for an hour. It'll help burn most of it." S
Justin was speechless, struggling to swallow.
Well, this woman was being really tough on him.
Once she finished mixing the mac and cheese, Bella scooped up a large spoonful and forcefully stuffed it into Justin's mouth.
"Eat!"
Justin struggled to chew, nearly choking in the process.
Bella also took a hearty spoonful, her small mouth expanding to an astonishing.size as she chomped
away. If she had not been pretty et
enough, her expression while eating would have been downright terrifying, like she was about to
devour someone. 
She was indeed furious.
The two of them managed to finish the pot of mac and cheese.
Justin typically ate very little at night and did not have the habit of having midnight snacks. But for her, he was willing to break the rules he had adhered to for over a decade.
"Phew... I feel much better now." Bella squinted her eyes as she slumped on the sofa, unable to get up anymore.
The two of them sat cuddled together in the serene living room, savoring this rare moment of tranquility in the day.
"Justin." Bella reached up and scratched the man's chin.
"Hmm?" Justin responded softly. He then grabbed her hand and pressed it against his chest.
###chapter1445
"Aren't you curious about what I said to Christopher when I rushed onto his plane?" Bella held back for a while before asking.
Justin's lips curled slightly. "Why? Are you afraid I'll get jealous?"
"Pfft, if you got jealous of someone like him, you'd be insulting me!" Bella jabbed her finger forcefully into his chest.
"Well, way before this... I really went crazy with jealousy when I saw you two together." Justin's eyes reddened, and he held her hand, planting a warm kiss on her palm.
"I know. It was so obvious. I'm not blind, so I noticed."
Bella pursed her lips, a hint of subtle grievance shining through her expression. "But at that time, we had just divorced, and I was so angry whenever I saw you. Seeing you upset actually made me feel a bit relieved. I thought I was different from other women. I thought I could move on easily after the divorce. But later, I realized that the satisfaction I felt from seeing you upset didn't come from a sense of revenge. It was because I always felt like you still cared about me."
After thirteen years of pursuit, secret admiration, and infatuation, no one would be able to control their heart's desires. It was impossible to simply switch off love.
Justin's breathing suddenly became heavy. An infinite bitterness surged through his veins and churned in his chest.
He fiercely choked back on the sentence he had been brewing in his heart for a long while, the one that even made him wake up from his dreams when he dreamt of it. He wanted to remarry her, but did he still have the right to do so?
Did he still have the right to be her husband again?
"I've always cared about you." Justin murmured, his voice trembling. Then he choked up, unable to say another word.
Bella also felt like she had touched on a sensitive topic, so she changed the subject. "Actually, I didn't say much to Christopher. I just vented my anger."
"Sometimes, venting does you good, too."
"I really don't understand what he went through during those fifteen years in Sentania. I wonder who he met and who shaped him into someone like this."
Bella recalled Christopher's manic
smile and shook her head
l.ne
repeatedly. "He wasn't like this before. I remember when we were kids, we snuck out to play and encountered a snake. Although he was even more scared than me, he bravely stood before me, trembling, and drove the snake away. There were many instances like that... He was kind when we were young." 
"I've looked into his family situation before. The reason why he holds such hostility toward the Iversons probably stems from his mother."
Justin placed his arm around Bella's
shoulder and continued slowly, "Mrs. Iverson has always been in an awkward position in the Iverson family. None of the older three children are hers biologically, and even as a stepmother, she still treads on thin ice in the Iverson household. Back then, Christopher was still too young. And as you know, he was quite fragile back then, incapable of protecting his mother. Mrs. Iverson was also honest and unpretentious. This often led to the marginalization of the mother-son duo in the Iverson household." 
Bella nodded slowly.
She was somewhat familiar with the situation in the Iverson family, having heard plenty of gossip from Wyatt and Mila in the past.
"I've also heard that Mrs. Iverson fell out of favor with Lance due to an alleged affair with one of his bodyguards."
Bella was shocked. "What? That's impossible! I remember meeting Mrs. Iverson when I was younger. She was always so gentle and devoted to Mr. Iverson. How could she possibly cheat on him with a bodyguard?"
"Well, that's why there might be something fishy going on here."
Justin's brows furrowed slightly. "Although Mr Iverson may still be unaware of this matter, it is intricately connected to the three other Iversons. Don't you think fact that the bodyguard involved in

the
der
the affair is now overseas, surveillance by James' men, sounds fishy?" 
###chapter1446
Bella said, "Was it James' scheme?!"
Justin explained, "It could be a possibility. This incident indirectly caused the Iverson couple to split up. Mrs. Iverson blamed Christopher, who wasn't well-liked at home anyway, and he got sent off to Sentania for fifteen years with nobody caring for him. Meanwhile, Mrs. Iverson's health declined over time, and Christopher received almost no financial support from the Iverson family either. Living in Sentania was tough for him."
Bella was somewhat surprised and asked, "Are you defending your enemy?"
Justin smiled faintly and said, "No, I'm just stating the facts. Even if he is my enemy, I won't twist the truth."
Bella was moved, and she wrapped her arms around his neck and gave him a peck on the lips.
It was this integrity and openness that Christopher could never compare to.
"So, do you think he wouldn't hold a grudge? If I were him, I'd also spare no effort to come back and avenge my mother, no matter the cost," Justin said, his gaze deep and distant.
"But that still doesn't justify what he did." Bella continued shaking her head. "Besides, if he wanted revenge, he could have targeted the Iverson family. Why did he have to harm you, Asher, and Camilla? How could he not know that Edward was my brother-in-law when he was in Sentania? He claimed to love me but shamelessly went after my family behind closed doors. Just because my brother didn't approve of him, he conspired with Maxwell and tried to secretly get rid of him."
She continued, "If things didn't go his way, he'd make sure everyone else suffered along with him. He's willing to hurt anyone who doesn't do as he says, even if it's someone related to the person he loves! How many more people does he want to hurt before he's satisfied? He's too selfish and heartless!"
Justin blinked slowly as he struggled to find the right words. It felt a little silly to join Bella in cursing Christopher.
Bella fell silent for a moment, then suddenly said, puzzled, "Back then, Christopher was young and had no one to help him. How did he manage to rise up and expand his business then?" Justin's eyes lit up. "That's a good question. Bella, I've also been puzzled by this and have been secretly investigating."
"Even you, who came from the Salvador family, only managed to reach your current position with your grandfather's strong support. How could Christopher not have someone supporting him behind the scenes?"
Bella's lustrous eyes flickered with
suspicion. "There must be someone high-ranking and powerful backing him up in Sentania that's using him
for those risky deals they Celibe
openly engage in. They even
manipulate him into drug trafficking, controlling elections, and killing anyone who stands in their way." 
Justin couldn't look away from Bella. His heart raced as he leaned in,
unable to resist kissing her
passionately. Every word she said
ignited something within him. It was
like they were totally in sync.
"Mm..." Bella let out a soft gasp, gently pushing him away. "If we figure out who's supporting Christopher behind the scenes, maybe we could bring him down and remove him once and for all!"
Justin felt a surge of jealousy
welling up inside him. This girl was completely fixated on figuring out how to deal with Christopher. Although he knew she was seeking justice, she seemed to not give any thought to anything else and
probably never had the time to think
about him. 
He replied, "Bella, I'm thinking the same thing as you. I'm now looking into this from a different perspective to see if there's a way to take down Christopher."
"When I have time, I'll contact Camilla and Edward to see if there's a way to solve this," Bella said, feeling relieved and filled with fighting spirit.
Justin smiled fondly and held onto her small waist. "It's getting late. Do you want to go to sleep?”
"Well, I still feel full," Bella said as she patted her round belly.
"Should we go rowing?"
Bella raised her eyebrows, teasing him. "Do you believe everything I say? It's so dark outside. Let's not drown in the lake."
"Then... Shall we go back to the room and do some other activities to help with digestion?" Justin said as his breathing became heavier, his low magnetic voice carrying a seductive tone. Bella's heart skipped a beat, feeling shy in his embrace. "Um... Let's just go rowing..."
Justin did not know whether to be happy or upset. Is she getting bored of me? It seems that I'll have to unlock some new tricks.
###chapter1447
When the helicopter crashed in the countryside, it made the news headlines. Residents living nearby recorded the whole thing and shared it online, which caused a lot of commotion.
The incident was undoubtedly unfortunate. The next day, the police issued an official statement through official channels, revealing that the helicopter had been used by a wanted criminal in an attempt to escape arrest. The statement also confirmed that all six people on board had died. After this news came out, public opinion changed completely, with many people applauding and feeling that justice had been served.
Charles's forensic report had also been released, confirming that he died due to asphyxiation. Additionally, based on the location of the ligature marks and signs of struggle on his body, it was evident that he was deliberately murdered.
However, there were hundreds of inmates and hundreds of police officers in the detention center, so they could not identify anyone as the perpetrator. Or perhaps someone was secretly obstructing the progress of the investigation, hoping to ensure that the truth of this case would never come to light.
Various opinions have emerged online regarding James' death.
[Good riddance! I was wondering how to sentence him to death, but justice was served. It couldn't be better!]
[That monster got off too easily. He should have been thrown in prison for a few years, starved every day, beaten every day, and tortured to death-that would have been satisfying!]
[Yeah, he died too quickly. He didn't even get to experience real pain. Regrettable!]
[But what's even worse is that the victims didn't manage to witness Charles being tried by the law! He hasn't faced public condemnation! It's just one more thing to feel sorry about.]
But no one, absolutely no one, stood up for Charles unless they had completely lost their minds.
The Iverson family also did not make any statements either. They were as quiet as if Charles were nothing but a stranger to them.
The beloved son that was doted on for over twenty years was murdered. Even after his death, he was still being insulted online. As the head of the Iverson family, Lance didn't dare say anything. He only hopec that the public would no longer focus on their family affairs.
James' funeral was quickly organized, and only family members came to offer their condolences. Who, with any dignity, would come to mourn a monster who did nothing but evil?
As time passed, there were only two days left until the first trial in the Shannon case.
Early that morning, Bella accompanied Justin to visit his mother, Mary.
In the quiet and serene cemetery, an infinite sense of desolation and sadness pervaded their hearts.
Bella respectfully placed a bouquet of lilies, Mary's favorite flower, in front of the tombstone.
A wave of overwhelming sadness washed over her as she stood behind Justin, her eyes quietly reddening.
Justin bent down on one knee, using a clean white handkerchief to carefully and gently wipe the marble tombstone.
Bella noticed that this part of the cemetery was the most elegant and clean, untouched by dust. It was evident that Justin had been diligently caring for this place year after year, day after day, allowing his mother to rest in peace.
"Mom, I've come to see you again."
Justin's eyes were moist as his fingertips trembled to touch his mother's beautiful face in the photo. "But this time it's different, Mom. I'm not alone now. I have someone to accompany me." 
He continued, "I remember when I was little, you always feared that I would be alone... Mom, you can rest assured now. I'm doing well. I have finally found my happiness."
Justin stood up and returned to Bella's side, embracing her tightly, his lips curling up with joy. "Look, isn't this young lady beautiful? I think she's so beautiful, just like you.'
Bella's cheeks flushed with a slight
intoxication, surpassing countless spring scenes in the mortal world. Her fair and delicate hands intertwined and kneaded, exuding a shy and reserved charm. 
It was as if Justin's mother stood before her, alive and well.
"Mom, let me formally introduce you. Her name is Bella, my lifelong love."
As the last tremulous word fell, Justin visibly choked up. "In this lifetime, I don't want anything else, just her."
"Justin..." Bella murmured softly, tears gathering at her lashes. "You must be happy for me even in the depths of the underworld, okay?"
Suddenly, Bella's hair that was hanging was lifted by a gentle breeze, scattering the tears at the corner of her eyes as if someone invisible were softly touching her face. Bella's heart raced wildly, her pupils dilating slightly, as she gazed unwaveringly at the beautiful woman with an affectionate smile in the black-and-white photograph. She thought, 'Is it you? Are you silently responding to Justin? So you've been watching over your son from heaven all along, silently protecting and blessing him, right?'
"Mom, we've looked into what
daydet
happened to you, and Bella and I have finally pieced it together. Shannon is behind bars now, and her trial is coming up in two days. We're hoping that this will be the end of it for her. We won't let her get you. We'll
y with what she did
make sure she pays for all the pain
you went through." 
Justin's eyes glowed red as he tightly clasped Bella's hand. "Once the verdict is out, we will come visit you to share the good news of our win with you."
"Aunt Mary, we will win this battle. Please bless Justin."
After they finished speaking, the young couple held hands and bowed deeply in front of Mary's tomb.
The moment Justin bowed, his eyes welled up with tears, and a small smile surfaced.
After paying respects, they stayed there for a while, and Bella helped to clean up the grave. As they got ready to leave, they could hear a series of footsteps from a distance.
"Justin?"
The voice he recognized felt like an ice-cold shock, sending shivers down Justin's back.
Bella looked back at him, her eyes quickly narrowing as Justin's grip on her hand tightened.
A short distance away, Gregory stood tall in a sharp and sophisticated black suit. He was accompanied by his secretary and four trusted bodyguards.
The chairman of the Salvador Corporation's commanding presence disrupted the tranquility of the cemetery.
###chapter1448
Bella watched as Justin's expression darkened as if a shining moon had plunged into icy darkness.
Under the impeccably tailored suit, Justin's broad shoulders were trembling, and his eyes were red. He seemed like a dormant volcano, ready to erupt with intense emotions at any moment. Bella squeezed his hand, trying to signal him to hold back his emotions.
It wasn't that she had a savior complex, nor was she trying to keep the family harmonious and present a united front. If needed, she was ready to support her partner.
Having an argument in the graveyard, especially with Justin's mother present, was not just inappropriate but also showed a lack of respect for the deceased. It would only upset her even more.
"I never expected you to come visit your mother today. You should have told me earlier. We could have come together," Gregory said, his tone relatively gentle. "I believe that's what your mother would have wanted to see."
"What would my mother have wanted to see? Chairman Salvador, are you kidding me?" Justin gave him a cold stare, his voice full of resentment.
"Justin, what are you trying to say?!" Gregory's brows furrowed deeply.
"As her husband, you ignored her while she was suffering from severe depression. Even after her death, you didn't once bother to send someone to clean her grave. For the past twenty years, you've never visited my mother. And now you dare to claim that she wants to see you?"
Justin laughed bitterly, shaking his head. His anger burned in the depths of his chest. "Chairman Salvador, even if my mother spent several years by your side, even if she loved you, you should still have some sense of shame!"
Bella's heart trembled, nervously pressing her lips together. 'Will they get into a fight? Should I step in and speak up?'
But what Justin said also mirrored
her thoughts. She really didn't want to persuade him, so she had to scold him more firmly and snap this stubborn and bold old man out of his arrogance! 
If they started fighting, Bella would have jumped in and fought too. One punch for each of those bodyguards!
Gregory was boiling with rage, his face visibly turning red. His secretary and the bodyguards behind him were sweating bullets, witnessing Chairman Salvador's fury.
"Paul, give me the flowers." With outsiders present, Gregory didn't want to make a scene. He forced down his anger and ordered in a cold voice.
"Yes, Chairman Salvador." Paul hastily handed over a bouquet of white chrysanthemums respectfully.
Gregory took it and walked toward
Mary's grave with a somber expression, However, after a few steps, Justin's tall, imposing figure stopped him, snatching the bouquet from his hands and ruthlessly throwing it to the ground. 
Everyone shuddered in shock.
Gregory's eyes widened in disbelief as he said, "Justin! What are you doing?!"
"Chairman Salvador, neither my
mother nor I welcome you." Justin's
bone-chilling gaze locked onto
Gregory's stunned face. "She doesn't
need your fake love, and you have no
right to stand in front of her!"
With those words, he stepped forward and mercilessly crushed the white chrysanthemums under his foot.
"Fake love... You accuse me of being fake?!"
###chapter1449
Gregory felt like his throat had been stabbed, looking directly at Justin's cold face. The authority of the aristocratic leader was about to crumble.
"Justin! You ingrate! If it were fake, I wouldn't have gone against all odds and endured backlash just to bring you and your mother back from the slums to the Salvador family."
He continued, "If it weren't for me, you would have died in that dirty and smelly place long ago! Have you forgotten how ill your mother was at that time? She didn't even have the money to go to the hospital for medical treatment! She couldn't even support you! If it weren't for me, how could she have recovered from her serious illness? How could you live a good life of being pampered and having everything you want?!"
Seeing the man in front of her being accused and treated unfairly, Bella felt distressed as an onlooker. Her heart burned with intense emotion, and her blood was boiling in her veins as she clenched her fists tightly.
Up until now, Gregory hadn't been talking to his son as a husband or father. Instead, he came across more like a capitalist, acting high and mighty and offering fake generosity to Justin and his mother with a self-righteous attitude.
Although everything he said made sense, every word he said only implied one thing. He and Justin have never belonged in the same world. It was him, out of boundless generosity, who allowed Justin to escape from that wretched, filthy, stinking slum. It was his simple gesture that allowed Justin to be lucky enough to enter his world.
It was that natural arrogance and sense of superiority, rather than a direct insult, that made one feel more enraged and embarrassed.
"No matter what, I'm the one who raised you! Without me, where would you be today? Would you still have the audacity to be so disrespectful and rebellious to me?!" Gregory's mouth was like a rapid-fire cannon. His eyes were red as he unleashed his fury on Justin.
Justin replied, "If I weren't a boy but a girl instead, would you still have gone to such lengths to bring me back to the Salvador family? Would you still remember that there was a poor woman out there, nameless and destitute, struggling to survive, living in hunger and homelessness, solely responsible for nurturing your flesh and blood?"
"You insolent brat!" Gregory's aristocratic demeanor finally crumbled, his embarrassment turning into rage as he swung his arm, aiming a slap at Justin's cheek.
Justin remained unfazed. Only his stunning eyes radiated an intense hatred that sent shivers down one's spine.
Just as everyone was stunned, Gregory suddenly felt a sharp pain in his wrist. His brows furrowed.
Bella's beautiful figure appeared in
front of Justin all of a sudden. She grabbed Gregory's wrist and
tightened her fingers, as if she wanted to crush his bones. S
"Chairman Salvador!"
Paul and the four bodyguards were so frightened that their faces turned pale, and they rushed to stop him.
However, Bella's face was as cold as ice. She did not even blink, and she had no intention of letting go.
At this moment, Bella's softness and fear vanished as every instinct in her body kicked in to protect the man she loved.
Justin loomed protectively behind
Bella, his gaze filled with awe and determination as he declared, "I will kill whoever dares to touch Ms. Thompson!" 
A powerful, furious roar stopped them in their tracks, not daring to question the authority of this future heir.
"Ms. Thompson, I am disciplining my own son... As an outsider, must you meddle in our affairs?!" Gregory asked as he held back the pain.
Bella looked at him coldly, her gentle smile slightly twisted. "You might see me as an outsider, but Justin sees me as his wife.”
'My wife?' Justin's eyes narrowed,
and his heart raced like a wild horse.
She threw the word out there so
casually. Bella was well-read and educated, so surely she knew what it meant, right?
###chapter1450
Bella said "So if you intend to lay a hand on Justin, I won't allow it. If you don't care for him, I do. Even if I weren't here..."
Bella looked at Mary's tombstone with sadness in her eyes. "Don't you feel bad for Aunt Mary? You just got into a fight right in front of her. You always act like you're the leader of the Salvador family and some kind of high-class person. Don't you think your behavior right now is not classy?"
Her tone was casual, yet her words struck right at the heart.
Gregory narrowed his eyes, clenching his jaw so tight that it looked like it might break.
"Chairman Salvador, it seems today isn't suitable for you to pay respects to Aunt Mary. We appreciate your kindness, and I'm sure Aunt Mary has seen and heard it too. Please leave."
Bella slowly released her grip, and only then did Paul and the bodyguards breathe a sigh of relief.
Gregory's expression turned stiff and pale, but he gritted his teeth and refused to give up. "I specially cleared my schedule today just to see her. I'll just have a quick look and then go." "Don't even think about it!"
Justin suddenly yanked Bella behind him, and the father and son found themselves at odds once more. "If it weren't for your erratic behavior, always bringing Shannon into our home, letting that spiteful woman torment my mother without any boundaries, none of this would've happened! My mom wouldn't be dead!"
"You...!" Gregory was so furious to the point where his vision blurred momentarily!
"The worst five years of her life weren't when she was struggling with poverty, hunger, and illness... But it was the time she spent with you where you neglected her. It's because of your leniency that she endured so much hardship and eventually passed away!"
"You're talking nonsense!"
Gregory was trembling with rage, his whole body shaking. He took heavy breaths and said, "Mary's death was because she suffered from depression! She was unable to bear the pain and chose suicide as a means to escape! It wasn't my fault!"
He actually thought Mary's death was an escape.
Bella furrowed her brow and shook her head in frustration and resignation.
Until now, Gregory had never quite grasped Shannon's behavior or Mary's state of mind.
Perhaps he did fall in love with Mary. However, his love for her seemed insignificant when compared to the love he had for himself.
"My mother never sought escape through death! Her death was because of Shannon..."
"Justin! That's enough!" Bella
grabbed Justin's arm and promptly stopped him. Only then did Justin, who was filled with rage, manage to regain control of himself and keep his lips tightly shut. 
Paul was completely shocked by this. Justin did not even show respect to Chairman Salvador when he was angry, but as soon as Bella spoke, he turned into a totally
different person. 
The heiress of the Thompson family was truly amazing. She had President Salvador completely under her thumb.
"Shannon... What does Shannon have to do with Mary's death? Justin, explain it to me clearly!"
Gregory glared at his son, but his curiosity was piqued by the hesitation in his son's words.
Bella sensed that continuing this conversation could ruin their plans, so she decided to hastily lead Justin away from the graveyard.
Paul cautiously asked, "Chairman Salvador, should I get another bouquet of flowers for Madam Mary?"
"What did Justin mean just now?!
Did he mean that Shannon killed Mary?!" Gregory grabbed Paul by the collar, his anger uncontrollable as he questioned, "Was he speaking out of frustration, or does he have evidence for saying that?! On what grounds did he make such a
statement?!" 
###chapter1451
The corner of Gregory's eye twitched, and his mind was in total turmoil. In the midst of all the chaos, he felt a deep sense of unease and fear.
"I... I don't know what Mr. Justin meant," Paul stammered as cold sweat rolled off his forehead. He found himself in a difficult situation. If he said anything wrong, he'd be in trouble.
"Earlier... Didn't you say that Mary's death might have been intentional? Why did Justin say it was Shannon's doing? Does he have evidence? Does he?!"
"You should ask Mr. Justin. I really don't know..."
Gregory let go of his hand, his shoulders drooping like heavy weights, making it difficult for him to even breathe.
His authoritative appearance when he arrived was completely gone. Gregory could accept, tolerate, and stoop to the lowest of lows, as Shannon had already trampled over all of his bottom line.
Although he had come to thoroughly despise that conniving woman, he had swallowed his pride, turned a blind eye, and played deaf time and time again, all for the sake of Salvador Corporation's greater good and for the honor of his chairmanship.
But he could not accept the fact that Shannon might have been involved in Mary's death.
Gregory was in denial, telling himself that Justin only said those things out of anger to make him feel guilty and add to his distress.
Seeing Gregory in such agony, Paul cautiously asked, "Chairman Salvador, do you want me to..."
"No need! Don't do anything!"
Gregory clutched Paul's arm with a tremble, his eyes filled with panic. "The trial is starting soon, and there's still so much for you to take care of. Stay focused! Getting through the current challenges at Salvador Corporation is the top priority right now!"
Paul understood what he meant.
With Shannon's case about to go to trial, the media had been flooded with negative information about her. As the wife of the Salvador Corporation's chairman, it was inevitable that some of the sparks would splash onto Gregory, affecting the company's reputation.
"What about the press conference I asked you to arrange earlier? How's that going?" Gregory steadied his mind. His suit was already soaked through with sweat.
"Everything has been arranged. The press conference will be held tomorrow afternoon at 3:00 p.m. as scheduled."
Gregory nodded, his gaze complex and melancholic as he looked toward Mary's grave, his fingers curling tightly and his nails biting into his palms.
After a while, he spoke with a darkened expression, "Let's go back."
After leaving the cemetery, Justin looked as pale and cold as the harsh winter days.
Bella gently held his tightly clenched
hand in both of hers, feeling as though she was grasping onto ice. She felt faint ache in her heart. But after hesitating for a moment, she still spoke gently. "Justin, I hope you understand that when I stopped you just now, it was because 
"Bella, I understand your intentions."
Justin opened his arms and pulled her into an embrace. His palm, calloused slightly, gently stroked her cheek, his voice hoarse with suppressed pain as he said, "You were afraid that I would reveal to Gregory that Shannon was the one who killed my mother. You were afraid that he might not have enough love for my mother and might obstruct me from seeking revenge for her, all for the sake of the greater good and for the reputation of the Salvador family." 
Justin wrapped his arms around her and held her close. His rough palm grazed her cheek as he spoke in a strained voice, "You were worried that if Hold Gregory about Shannon being responsible for my mother's death, it could jeopardize the réputation of the Salvador family and hinder my pursuit of justice for
her." 
Bella leaned against the man's chest, nodding slightly. "Yes, but not entirely."
"Is there something else?" Justin raised his eyebrows in surprise, his gaze penetrating.
"When you stopped halfway through your words just now, you definitely piqued his curiosity. He'll probably be restless and unable to sleep these two days, unable to focus on anything else but your unfinished sentence."
Bella's lips curled up with a hint of mischief. "So, why not leave this huge suspense for him until the end? Only when the groundwork is laid will the truth have a fatal impact when it finally emerges. Only then will he be deeply remorseful and regret his actions."
"Huh, deeply remorseful... Will he?" Justin's eyes reddened with anger. "When my mother died, he never felt remorseful. Twenty years have passed. Will his heart still ache for her?"
Bella pursed her lips, unsure of how to comfort him. At this moment, besides feeling sorry for Justin's mother, she also felt deeply relieved. She was grateful that, despite being Gregory's son, Justin did not possess an ounce of that man's selfishness and coldness.
After returning home, Justin changed his clothes and hurried back to work at the Salvador Corporation.
In truth, besides attending meetings, he did not have much to do. However, he was in a bad mood, so he sought solace in work using the old method, fearing that his negative emotions might affect Bella. Night fell without him realizing it, and if Bella had not called him multiple times to come home for dinner, he might have ended up staying in his office until late.
lan drove Justin back to the villa he and Bella shared. When they arrived, both of them froze at the door, standing stiffly like two spears.
###chapter1452
Chapter 1452
A comforting and cozy air welcomed Justin home. It was a stark contrast from the chilly outdoors, hitting Justin on a deep level.
He stared blankly at the scene before him, his heart pounding even harder.
The living room was bustling with activity. Amelia and Roza, who had not seen each other for a long time, were chatting happily on the sofa. Arnold, who had studied abroad, was now home, sitting on the sofa, chatting happily while placing chopped vegetables on the skewers.
It was a joyful sight.
Meanwhile, Asher, who had not showcased his skills in the kitchen for a long time, was deftly cooking while Ralph helped to prepare the secret BBQ sauce.
Axel and Steven were at the table, preparing the meat skewers, while stealing glances at their crushes in the living room. Their eyes were watching the girls like hawks.
It was understandable for Steven to be worried about his girlfriend, but Axel's eyes remained fixed on Roza, who was sitting closely with Arnold and talking enthusiastically.
Axel took a deep breath, wondering why he felt upset.
"Dr. Larson, your skewers look so beautiful. You're really skilled with your hands!" Amelia said as she saw how skillfully he threaded the ingredients together. Each color complemented the others perfectly, creating a beautiful and harmonious display, as if they were produced in a factory. She could not stop admiring Arnold's work.
"Really? They're just normal skewers," Arnold said as he hummed a tune casually, glancing at the plate absentmindedly.
He thought, 'Huh. Compared to the skewers threaded by them, my skewers are indeed exquisite.'
"Look at how I threaded them, all crooked like chicken claws." Roza pouted with frustration.
Despite being an internationally renowned designer, her hands seemed to lack any talent for culinary arts, as if she had been deprived of that skill.
It seemed like God was fair after all.
Yet, when it came to her master, Bella, it was like God clearly chose a favorite.
"It's actually quite simple. Let me teach you. Look, like this, and like this." Arnold leaned in closer, sitting closely next to Roza and Amelia, their heads almost touching.
The girls followed what he said carefully without realizing that two human surveillance cameras were watching closely nearby.
"Hey, why is our cousin always so smooth with the ladies, like a Casanova?" Ralph asked Asher while they were prepping and chatting. "We're swamped here, but he's out on the
balcony chilling by the fire. How can he just lounge on the sofa, talking to those girls? Why isn't he feeling self-conscious at all?"
Asher raised his eyebrows slightly and suddenly stopped stirring. "Ralph, why don't you say something to him?"
After a pause, Asher lowered his thick eyelashes and said, "The kitchen is all messy and dirty, but he's such a clean freak. That's why I didn't call him over."
Ralph was a straight man and couldn't understand the hidden meaning behind his words, and he just stood there dumbfounded. "Huh...?"
"Arnold isn't even part of our Thompson family. He's a guest invited by Bella. It's good enough that he's here. Don't expect too much from him." Asher realized his slip of the tongue and quickly changed the subject, his cheeks slightly flushed.
Crack--!
Steven accidentally broke a bamboo skewer while watching Amelia and Arnold get closer to each other.
"Ouch... That hurts!" Axel was also distracted and accidentally pricked his finger with a skewer.
"You guys." Asher appeared to have a sixth sense, coolly speaking to the two guys who were feeling jealous. "If you're so worked up, head out to the balcony and help Drew light the fire. Some cool air will definitely calm you down."
Asher thought to himself, "These two fools. I'm not even jealous, yet they're getting so agitated.'
Everyone was busy with their own things, happily enjoying themselves, so no one noticed that Justin and Ian were standing in the hallway.
"Mr. Salvador... Did we come to the wrong place?" Ian was dumbfounded, thinking he had traveled back to the Thompson family's residence in Hatchbay.
"Huh? Young Master, you're back!" Wilma stood behind him, holding shopping bags, gently nudging him. "Why are you standing here like a fool? Don't you recognize your own home?"
Justin looked at Wilma with a dazed expression, his voice hoarse as he asked, "Wilma, they..."
"Oh, Young Madam invited some guests over." Wilma chuckled enthusiastically. "She specially hosted this party for you, Young Master. Right after you left, she was on the phone, making arrangements and getting everything ready. She was always busy preparing the ingredients and the food. We didn't expect many people to come on such short notice, but everyone arrived right on time!"
"For me...?" Justin's eyes welled up with emotion, his throat tightening.
"If not for you, who else would she do it for? She mentioned the upcoming Shannon case trial and how you've been feeling low lately, so she organized this barbeque to help lift your spirits."
With a nudge to his arm, Wilma winked and continued, "When you go back to your room tonight, make sure to thank Ms. Bella properly. You know what to do, right? You don't need an old lady like me to teach you, do you?"
Just then, the hostess, Bella, descended the stairs with a radiant smile on her face. Behind her was a delicate young girl wearing an exquisite crystal hairpin and a flowing blue haute couture dress.
Ian's eyes narrowed, and he rubbed them quickly. The stunningly beautiful fairy-like girl was none other than Rachel Mead.
Ian's lips quivered, and he fought back tears as he saw the stunning Rachel in the hallway.
###chapter1453
"Wow!"
Everyone couldn't help but exclaim in amazement as they looked at Rachel, who was shyly hiding behind Bella.
It was true that the right clothes made a big difference in one's appearance.
When Rachel first arrived, she was dressed in plain, casual clothes. Despite her natural beauty, she had a shy and submissive attitude. Coupled with the way she hunched her shoulders and exuded an air of inferiority, it made the others feel distressed.
However, after being dressed up by Bella, Rachel underwent a complete transformation.
If one did not know better, one would think she was a pampered princess from some prestigious family.
"Wow, so beautiful!" Amelia clapped her hands, unable to contain her excitement. "Rachel is naturally gorgeous. With this dress, she's shining like a star! She looks stunning!"
"That dress... Looks pretty good." Arnold, who always thought highly of himself, couldn't resist complimenting the dress.
Roza scoffed. "I made it all by myself. There's only one like it in the whole world. Who would have the nerve to say it doesn't look great? I'd love to hear it."
Roza confidently tilted her head back slightly and looked at Rachel with a satisfied expression, as if she were unveiling her masterpiece to the whole world.
"I was just thinking it looked similar to your work, Roza. It turns out it really is yours!" Amelia looked at Roza with admiration. "In terms of top international designers, I think of you and Sharon."
Amelia sighed and continued, "It would be great if I were lucky enough to meet Sharon. I think she's simply the brightest gem in the design world! I must get her autograph and take a photo with her!" Roza lifted her teacup and sipped her tea, glancing at Bella with a light chuckle.
Arnold's eyes widened in shock.
When he was abroad, he would watch fashion shows whenever he was bored. Of course, he had heard of the renowned designer Roza Walker. But never in a million years would he have imagined she was the girl he often saw lingering around Bella.
Indeed, the friends of the Thompson family's young heiress were quite extraordinary.
"Ms. Walker," Arnold called out to Roza.
"What's the matter, Dr. Larson?" Roza, who had long learned of Arnold's reputation from Bella, naturally responded with a pleasant demeanor.
He cleared his throat and said, "Can I
ask you to design an outfit for me?" Arnold cast a casual glance at Asher's back, a hint of softness rippling in his eyes. 
"One outfit, a men's suit."
"I'm fully booked for the next six months."
"Ah..." Arnold felt that there was no chance and was disappointed.
"But," Roza interjected, her hand supporting her chin, smiling brightly at him, "Dr. Larson is a good friend of my master, so I must do it for you. However, for a suit to fit well and look good, it needs to be tailored to the individual. So, Dr. Larson, whenever you have time, you can come to my studio, and l't take your measurements. If you really don't have time, just let me know the details. The more detailed it is, the better." 
Arnold looked away from Asher's tall figure, smiling slightly. "Okay, I'll get it done as soon as I can. Thank you."
"Justin? lan? When did you guys come back?!"
Bella spotted the two men by the door and greeted them with a smile. She took Rachel's hand and happily went over to them.
lan looked at Rachel in awe, feeling nervous with his heart pounding like a drum, unable to control his feelings.
Rachel blushed and pursed her lips shyly as lan's intense gaze made her feel self-conscious.
"Why aren't you greeting each other? What's the matter? Are you feeling a bit shy in your fancy outfit?" Bella smiled and nudged Rachel toward lan with a grin.
With a little more force than
intended, Rachel's soft body collided
into lan's arms. He quickly held on to
her as her delicate hands pressed against his pounding chest. 
###chapter1454
"I... I'm sorry." Rachel's cheeks were flushed like ripe tomatoes.
"Ms. Mead." lan's breath quickened. He whispered to her, "You look really beautiful today."
Rachel blushed and was flustered. She quickly straightened up and moved away from lan's embrace.
Justin struggled to suppress his emotions and hugged Bella tightly, his eyes red. "Bella, thank you for your hard work."
Bella leaned against his chest, giggling like a woman completely immersed in happiness. "What hard work? I just invited everyone over for a meal. Oh, by the way, Carrie caught a cold from sleeping with the window open these past few days, so Ryan couldn't make it tonight and stayed home to take care of her. Your best friend wanted me to tell you to enjoy your meal and eat his portion too."
"Okay." Justin looked down at her face with lowered eyes, his heart contracting intensely and tears welling up in his eyes.
"Thank you, Young Madam..."
After seeing his crush, lan was too overwhelmed to express his feelings. So, he could only bow deeply to Bella.
"Why are you thanking me? Rachel is my benefactor. I've been wanting to invite her for a meal for a long time, but I just couldn't find the right opportunity. Tonight's gathering just happened to fulfill this little wish of mine," Bella explained. Her eyes were affectionately glancing at Rachel as she said, "I would also like to thank Rachel for coming tonight."
"Ms. Thompson, I should be the one thanking you. I'm truly honored to be invited to your home for dinner." Rachel stammered, her cheeks flushing red with excitement.
She could not believe she was invited to dinner at Bella's mansion tonight and that she would be wearing such a beautiful dress and meeting so many beautiful people all at once. It all felt so unreal to her. "Brother-in-law!" Amelia waved happily at Justin.
"Mr. Salvador, you're late. Shouldn't you drink three glasses of wine later as punishment?" Roza teased, and she sipped her drink. It had been a long time since they last met.
Although Justin had already won back her master's heart after many hardships, Roza still wanted to tease him a little whenever she got the chance.
Justin answered, "Okay."
"How are three glasses enough? Let's make it a full bottle!" Arnold said, being the supportive family member, eager to liven up the atmosphere for Justin.
Bella raised an eyebrow and was about to retort. But to her surprise, Justin responded cheerfully, "Sure, I'll drink until the end of the party. I won't stop till I'm drunk!" S
Amidst the laughter and joy, Drew descended from upstairs, covered in ashes and looking disheveled. He shouted to the crowd, "Hey! Cough, cough cough... Is that damn stove poisonous? Why can't I light it up properly?!" 
"Did you go mining or something, Drew? Don't scare the girls." Axel couldn't resist teasing him.
"If you think you can do better, come and try!" Drew retorted angrily as he touched his face.
Another black mark appeared on his handsome face.
Asher said calmly, "Axel, Steve, go ahead. You two can definitely get the fire started."
Axel and Steven were speechless.
"Let me handle it. I'm more familiar with the things at home." Justin did not hesitate, taking off his suit jacket and rolling up the sleeves of his white shirt as he headed upstairs. 
As he passed by Drew, he patted his shoulder. "Drew, thank you for your hard work."
Drew was momentarily stunned. 'Has Bella managed to tame this guy? He's so compliant now!'
The grill on the balcony sparked to life.
Bella and everyone shifted the drinks and ingredients there. They savored the meat and alcohol with great enthusiasm, feeling completely free-spirited at that moment.
###chapter1455
Soon, Bella realized that Justin was missing. She took the chance to leave the lively table and bumped into Wilma in the corridor. "Wilma, where did Justin go?"
"Young Master went back to his room. I knocked on the door for a long time, but he didn't open it." Wilma shook her head and complained, "There are so many people here tonight. It's so lively and fun. I don't know what's wrong with him. He's locking himself in his room and acting like a moody teenager."
Bella looked concerned and forced a small smile, knowing that Justin always felt really down when he visited his mother's grave, especially after the argument with Gregory at the cemetery. It must have brought back a lot of pain for him.
Upon coming back, experiencing such a vibrant atmosphere would naturally stir up various emotions.
"Wilma, please look after the guests on the balcony. I'll go check on Justin."
Bella stood at the door for a moment, hesitating, then knocked on the door. "Justin? Justin?"
There was no response from inside.
"Don't be sad. Come out and have some barbecue. Everyone is waiting for you," Bella persisted.
Justin hesitated for a moment before finally responding.
"I know what happened today must have made you feel bad. I know you miss your mom. I understand how you feel. Every year when I visit my mother, I feel just as sad as you do."
Bella pressed her hand against the door, her voice gentle, like a spring stream flowing towards him.
"But don't worry. I'll make sure you're happy in the days to come. I understand that you've been feeling alone, but remember, you have me, Grandpa Nigel, Wilma... We're all here for you. Family, friends, and partners everything other people have-you will too."
Before she could finish, the door suddenly swung open.
Bella was suddenly pulled into the darkness by an irresistible force. Before she knew it, the door closed quietly behind her.
In the dim space, she was pressed against the door by Justin's sturdy body, their breaths entwining, and the temperature of their skino gradually rising. 
"Bella..." Justin murmured in her ear, his voice hoarse yet seductive.
Every time Bella took a breath, her chest would press tightly against his chest, making her blush and feel hot.
Though no one knew each other's
bodies
of intetter than they did, this l
y still made her heart race,
and she trembled slightly beneath
him. 
"Are you lying to me?" Justin's eyes held a hint of playfulness, shining like stars in the dim light.
"Huh?" Bella met his intense gaze, momentarily lost in it.
"What others have, I'll also have."
Bella's crimson lips parted, and her fingers playfully traced his chiseled jaw. "Of course, sir. I have never lied to you before." Justin's throat bobbed as he spoke with a dry mouth, "I'm craving some meat."
"Let's go. It's all cooked."
"No, I want it just for me, extra food."
As soon he finished speaking, Justin pressed harder, gripping her wrists with his large hands and pinning them above her head.
Bella's stunning eyes lit up as she realized just how naive she had been! The only meat this man craved was her.
But she did not have time to think. Bella suddenly felt the sensation of his warm, wet lips pressing firmly
against hers. His deep and roulet
gasp seemed to convey an intense desire to consume her very essence. The kiss was passionate and fierce.
###chapter1456
Everyone was feasting and drinking to their heart's content, completely unaware of the couple's fashionably late arrival. Justin and Bella even changed their outfits.
At this moment, Justin felt the warmth of love, dispelling the gloom in his heart. He stood beside Bella with a radiant and confident demeanor. Despite the brilliance of the Thompson siblings, he remained distinguished and exuded exceptional charm.
Roza thought, 'Wow... Mr. Salvador is so handsome.'
Amelia thought, 'Wow... Brother-in-law is amazing.'
Amelia and Rachel sat together, resting their chins in their hands, gazing at Justin with admiration. Although both of them had their hearts set on someone else, they still appreciated beauty. Who would not take a few more glances at such eye candy?
Meanwhile, Steven and Axel, who were sitting next to the ladies, were staring daggers at Justin. Despite their intense jealousy, they could only keep their frustration to themselves.
How would they dare challenge Bella's man? They still wanted to live out their days in peace!
During the party, toasts were exchanged amidst continuous laughter and joy. For a moment, it seemed like the event was an appreciation banquet for Bella and Justin.
With her outgoing personality, Roza had a knack for livening up the atmosphere. When Justin finished giving his toast, she quickly hugged Bella and started singing karaoke on the microphone.
Axel frowned and kept stuffing meat into his mouth. His increasingly heated gaze never left Roza's beautiful and bubbly face.
Asher sat beside him, elegantly cutting his meat with a knife and fork, when he suddenly made an out-of-the-blue comment.
"This girl, Roza... I really like her. She has a great personality, speaks elegantly, and though she seems carefree, she actually has high emotional intelligence and knows how to take care of others." Axel chewed forcefully, his long lashes quivering. "She's just a brainless madwoman! What's so good about her?"
"Then why do you keep staring at her?" Asher chuckled softly. Asher knew his younger brother's character well and exposed him.
Axel nearly choked on his food. His face was turning red. "Cough... Cough... That's because her singing is so terrible! It's ruining my appetite!"
"That can ruin your appetite, Ax? I don't believe it."
Ralph took a bite of his meat skewer, glancing sideways at him, andè laughed. "Nothing can interrupt your meal remember you used to eat while reading forensic reports at work. This is nothing." S
Axel's cheeks flushed red, so he drank water to ease his embarrassment.
Meanwhile, Asher had just carefully cut up the meat and vegetables on his plate. He had not taken a single bite, but when he looked back, he found the meat missing.
His deep eyes glanced around to see Arnold, who was leisurely eating from his plate. Arnold narrowed his eyes, smiling with smug delight.
Asher thought, 'Ha, so this little fox had stolen it.'
"You barely ate anything. Why don't you cut some more?" Arnold's low voice murmured in his ear, playfully begging.
"Are you a child? Do I need to cut it
up and put it on your plate piece by piece?" Asher withdrew his enigmatic gaze and continued
cutting the meat. "Or should feed you?" 
"Sure, sure!" Arnold's eyes brightened, and he nodded enthusiastically.
"You really dare to dream." Asher scoffed lightly, his knife and fork moving steadily.
"Why would I not dare? Last time in
the car, you said something to me that I have not forgotten. You wouldn't go back on your word, would you, Mr. Thompson? You said you would peel nuts for me, but
you
haven't done that yet. Now you begrudge me for just a few pieces of
meat?" 
Arnold pouted in mock reproach. Meanwhile, under the table, his toes hooked onto the straight trousers of the man beside him, inching upward provocatively.
###chapter1457
"Behave yourself." Asher's expression was cold and solemn, but his voice was hoarse.
Arnold tilted his head. His eyes and smile were seductive, with a hint of intoxication. "No. Hehe."
Justin's good mood was evident. Having promised to make the rounds, he did not back out. After making a toast with everyone, he started a one-on-one drinking competition with Drew.
He did not love drinking. But as Bella's man, he did not want his brothers-in-law to think he was a coward.
"Do you know my nickname in the underworld?" Drew draped his left arm over Justin's shoulder, filling Justin's glass with the bottle in his right hand. "They call me 'The Wine God'. I have never fallen, not even after a thousand drinks. I can drink for eight days a week. If you compete with me, I'm afraid you'll disgrace the Salvador family."
Justin looked down at his overflowing glass, his face unchanged, and lightly curled his thin lips. "Drew, in my experience, the one who raises a flag is usually the first to fall. But don't you worry. Since we're drinking at home, no matter what happens, someone will take care of you."
"I don't need anyone to take care of me!" Drew's eyes flashed angrily. His stubbornness flared up as he clinked glasses fiercely with Justin, spilling wine everywhere. "I'll chug mine! You do as you please!" Meanwhile, on the other side of the room, Roza had Bella pinned against the wall, her long, slightly arched eyes gleaming with mischievous insight.
"Hmm? Master, why is your waist so soft? And why is it that your voice is a bit hoarse? What naughty things were you and Justin doing when you disappeared for so long? Hmm?" "Cough, cough..."
Bella's face blushed a deep red as she hurriedly cleared her throat, her eyes darting around. "We... We didn't do anything."
It was all that wretched man's fault! He knew exactly where her sensitive spots were, and yet, he relentlessly teased them, touching and caressing until she was a mess.
In the end, her clothes were soaked and her makeup smeared. She had to rush to entertain the guests while he looked composed and unbothered in his suit.
It was so infuriating!
"Come on, we're all adults here.
What's there to be shy about?" Roza
giggled, leaning closer to her ear. "But I didn't expect you two to finish so quickly. Justin seems a bit lacking in stamina. You should grill some oysters for him later. They're great for boosting a man's stamina!" 
Bella nudged her lightly, quickly defending her man. "That's not true! He is very strong..."
Then, the two best friends shared whispers.
"Wow, that's intense!"
"Shh! Keep it down!" Bella hastily covered her mouth, her face flushing to the tips of her ears.
Roza was her best friend, and they shared everything, even their most embarrassing secrets.
"Well, well, Justin seems so pure, but he's quite wild in private," Roza remarked, raising an eyebrow as she sipped her drink.
"He... He wasn't always like this." Bella's voice was soft and sweet, her palm rubbing her reddened cheek. "He needed some guidance."
The two friends stood in silence for a moment. Roza pulled an exquisite cigarette case from her small bag, took out a slender cigarette, and placed it between her lips.
Bella asked, "You started smoking again?"
"It's just a cigarette. Why do you
make it sound like I'm a drug addict?" Roza laughed. The orange-red glow of the cigarette flared and dimmed in the night the wisps of smoke enveloping her lightly troubled face. 
"Roza, have you been doing well
lately? Has your family given you
any trouble?" Bella knew she was from the Walker family and understood the turmoil she faced, which made her worry for her friend.
###chapter1458
"It's fine." Roza squinted her eyes and flicked the ash from her cigarette with her slender, pale fingers. "I have no family. I make my home wherever I go."
"What are you talking about? If you have no family, what am I?" Bella affectionately linked arms with her. "Once a teacher, always a... you know."
"Taking advantage of me, huh?" Roza teased, hooking Bella's chin with the hand holding the cigarette.
Roza was taller and had a bigger frame than Bella. Combined with her bold and sassy gestures, their close interaction invoked a strange chemistry between them.
Axel sat among the crowd, but his gaze was fixed solely on Roza's every move. He did not like people who smoked. Every time Ralph had a cigarette, he would find a way to snatch it from him.
Yet, for some reason, seeing Roza's slender fingers holding a cigarette captivated him. The smoke softly obscured her cool, delicate features and the lazy elegance in her half-closed eyes as she exhaled. At this moment, even though she was doing something he disliked, she looked like a mesmerizing sketch imprinted on his soul.
Axel's breath quickened. He hurriedly looked away and downed a glass of ice water. They had not seen each other for a while and had not been in touch. Yet he found himself checking her Instagram almost daily, silently following and keeping up with her updates.
Seeing her tonight, he had thought that their previous encounter would naturally bring them closer. However, Roza had not spoken a word to him or even spared him a glance up until now.
He felt uneasy. The more Axel thought about it, the more uneasy he felt. On an impulse, he grabbed another glass without checking its contents and downed it in one go, regardless of what it was. "Holy crap! Ax, you've really outdone yourself!" Ralph exclaimed, slapping his back excitedly. "A full glass of absinthe, and you chugged it in one go?! Even I need to sip on that. You've got potential!"
Axel froze. 'Absinthe?!'
The next second, he felt like his entire digestive tract was on fire. He dropped everything and sprinted toward the restroom.
Roza glanced casually at Axel's retreating figure, her eyes trembling slightly.
"You should drink less and quit smoking. My man gave up smoking! Why can't you?" Bella slipped back into her mentor role, taking the cigarette from Roza's fingers and extinguishing it. "I know you need inspiration for your designs, but there are many ways to find it. Ruining your health is the worst choice. Besides, smoking will turn your teeth, fingers, and face yellow. You'll look terrible."
"So what if I look terrible? I don't need a man. As long as my designs look good, that's all that matters," Roza replied with a dismissive smile, though it carried a hint of resignation.
"You might not need a man, but some men won't enjoy their meals without you." Bella squinted her eyes playfully, glancing toward where Axel had been sitting, only to find the spot empty. "Hey, where's my second brother?"
"He looked a bit unwell just now. Maybe he drank too much and went to throw up," Roza said lightly, though her heart tightened.
"Oh? Then go check on him." Bella urged, gently nudging her. "After all, Axel helped you last time. Go see how he is."
###chapter1459
In the washroom by the sink, Axel cleared his throat, almost vomiting up all the liquor he drank. His alcohol tolerance was probably the worst among the Thompson siblings. He could not handle even a little absinthe.
Yet, even after throwing it all up, his head still felt heavy. His throat felt as if it were ravaged by flames.
He thought, 'Axel... Look at yourself. She doesn't even care about you. Why are you tormenting yourself?'
Axel splashed his face with cold water. He ran his fingers through his hair and pushed back the damp bangs from his forehead. Pale from vomiting, his handsome face, exposed under the soft light, remained captivating even in his disheveled state.
"Really, it's just a waste of time..." He massaged his temples with his fingertips. The restless emotions still weighed heavily on his mind.
As he pushed the door open, he collided with a warm and fragrant body outside the door.
"Ah!" Roza let out a soft gasp. She was wearing high heels tonight. At this moment, her body swayed backward, and she lost balance. Though Axel was slightly tipsy, his reflexes were still remarkably fast. He swiftly grabbed her delicate waist as she began to fall.
Their eyes met as their warm bodies pressed tightly against each other, feeling each other's rising body heat.
Breaths, rapid and heated, intertwine in an intimate dance of the tongue. The memories of that life-saving kiss with Roza resurfaced in Axel's mind. A kiss that kept him tossing and turning. He savored every moment and was reluctant to let go.
This time, his eyes are overflowing with affection, still unwilling to let her go.
"Can... Can you let go of me?" Roza asked anxiously as she instinctively pressed her palm against his chest.
"Why are you ignoring me?" Perhaps fueled by alcohol and coupled with his straightforward nature, Axel could not hold back the words he had been suppressing all night. "Do you not recognize me? Ms. Walker, are you that forgetful?"
"How could I forget?" Roza's fingers curl slightly against Axel's chest, trying to keep herself calm. "You're the second young master of the Thompson family, the charming Axel."
"Then why have you been ignoring me?" Axel persisted.
"I just didn't have the chance to talk to you." Roza's gaze flickers.
Axel's brows furrowed deeply, his frustration boiling up. "You didn't have the chance? Look around at the entire Thompson family. Besides Bella, you're closest to me, right? How could you not have the chance to talk to me?!" 
"Axel, it's not a crime to not greet an acquaintance, is it? Ignoring you isn't against the law!" Roza's heart raced as she struggled in his embrace. "Let go of me. I want to go back." 
Axel's eyes reddened as he
tightened his grip on her waist. "An acquaintance? Would
acquaintances embrace and kismet
each other? Ms. Walker, you seem to have misunderstood the meaning of acquaintance, don't you think?"
"Kiss... When did..." Just as Roza was taken aback, Axel's lips, laced with alcohol, suddenly sealed hers. His other hand held the back of her head as he deepened the kiss. "Mmm..." Roza let out a soft moan and her body went limp, losing all resistance.
Her slender, delicate hands clawed at his chest for a moment before slowly sliding down.
In an instant, a spark ignited in her mind.
They kissed!
"Roza... Roza... Hang in there!"
She suddenly opened her eyes, finally remembering everything.
At the same time, Axel slowly released her and opened his eyes.
###chapter1460
Alcohol muddled the mind, boosted courage, and stirred up one's hidden desires.
"From your expression, it seems like you remembered?" Axel smirked, breathing heavily. "Last time, it was you who hugged me first and wouldn't let go. This time, it's my turn. We're even now."
Roza thought, 'Even? You blatantly kissed me and took advantage of me. Now you have the nerve to say such things?!'
Furious and embarrassed, Roza had forgotten that Axel was her master's elder brother and was ready to slap some sense into him. But she was not as skilled as her master, and being tipsy did not help. Her hand moved slowly. As a result, her hand was easily intercepted by Axel.
The next moment, Roza's pupils shrank, and her heart pounded wildly. Axel slowly placed her hand against his chiseled cheek, his mesmerizing gaze narrowing.
"Don't get angry. You have to take care of yourself." A drop of water trickled down his temple, adding a touch of sensuality to his handsome face. His black eyes were shimmering as he said, "If you still desire my CPR, feel free to give it a try."
"You!" Roza blushed like a peach, feeling a mix of embarrassment and indignation.
She had to admit that Axel was undeniably handsome. Although he looked a lot like Asher, just a little understanding of them revealed their completely different personalities. Asher always carried a mysterious melancholic air about him, while Axel's eyes were forever bright, full of youthfulness and sincerity.
Steadying herself, Roza suddenly turned the tables, her hands climbing onto his broad shoulders while smiling coquettishly. "Axel, seeing how concerned you are about me, do you like me?"
Axel's desire increased. He stared deeply into her eyes and smiled playfully. "Roza, are you seriously asking me that?"
"Do you dare to answer me?" She doubted that he would.
The Thompson siblings were Wyatt Thompson's pride and joy. His sons were all entrusted with important tasks. Normal girls could only dream of marrying into their family.
On the other hand, Roza was only an internationally renowned designer... Although that was a great honor to her name, she had a "murderer" for a mother that marred her background. 
She was not worthy of him... Even if her relationship with Bella were better, she would never dream of such things.
"I like you."
"What did you say?" Roza's mind was whirling with thoughts when she was interrupted by Axel's sudden confession.
"I like you. If I didn't like you, why would I care if you ignored me or not? Would I hug you or kiss you?" Axel's eyes burned with intensity, his heart pounding.
He could only admit that alcohol
played a role, but he did not admit that alcohol could make him develop feelings for someone or change his mind. "Ms. Walker, I am an upright and honorable prosecutor, not a lecher who acts on impulse. Based on, all the evidence, there's only one possibility. I like you. I will admit it so you don't need to probe anymore." 
Roza was speechless as she thought, 'He truly is an upright and honorable prosecutor... Even his confession is so logical and reasonable. How interesting." "And besides, I kissed you."
Axel lowered his long lashes, leaning closer to her rosy lips once again "1 don't care if it was your first kiss or not, but I feel like I should take responsibility for it."
###chapter1461
Axel's statement that Roza was his responsibility now tugged at her heartstrings.
Still, Roza took a stand and pushed him away, escaping from his embrace.
"Don't worry about it. I'm not that easily bothered. It's not my first kiss. You don't have to take things so seriously and take care of me for the rest of your life."
Roza flicked her hair back and waved her arm carefreely. "You're hot, but I like bad boys, Mr. Prosecutor. I'm not interested in dating a fine, upstanding young man of the law." Bad boys?
That meant Drew and Ryan were likely her type of guys.
Ryan was taken, but Drew was available. Besides, the party tonight was a blast, with men and women socializing freely, like it was a mixer. Even Axel was attracted to Roza, but for all he knew, Roza could take a fancy to Drew instead.
With a potential rival on the horizon, Axel said, "Don't you want to try something different?"
Roza was able to keep her composure up until then. She pressed her lips tightly together, nearly losing her poker face.
"I don't mind that since it's all about novelty and the thrill when it comes to relationships."
Roza grinned like a little nymphomaniac. "Though I wouldn't put my money on a flaky non-marriage advocate like you."
Roza hurried back and excused herself, saying that she had work to attend to. Her assistant came and gave her a ride. Worried and curious about Roza's interaction with Axel, Bella went to get answers from the source.
Downstairs in the living room, Axel slumped grumpily on the sofa and gulped down a hangover remedy from Wilma. "What happened? Did you get on Roza's nerves?" Bella came up aggressively.
Either way, Bella took her best friend's side.
"I kissed her." Axel did not see the point of hiding, so he came clean.
Maybe Bella could give him a few ideas.
"Ow!"
Axel felt pain in his forehead. Bella plucked one tiny grape from the plate and threw it at his head.
"That explains why Roza looked teary and dejected when she came back. You upset her!"
Bella made use of both her hands to grab the grapes and throw them at Axel, her face flushed with rage. "You're a bastard! You hit on my best friend want to put a gun to your head and make you put a ring on her finger. I want Roza to be my sister-in-law!" 
Axel stared at her in a daze, brushing off the grape attack. In fact, he even caught one to put in his mouth. "Did you say that Roza left with teary eyes?"
"Duh! You got on her nerves, so I sent her to check up on you. Whoever told you to get handsy with her? Are you a prosecutor or a criminal? Alcohol changed you!"
Bella put her hands on her waist and launched a tirade. "Well, you're not leaving Roza hanging like that unless you want to take over Dad by becoming the biggest womanizer."
"Do you think I wanted to? I told her that I had feelings for her, but she wouldn't accept me. What am I supposed to do?"
With red-rimmed eyes, Axel jolted to
his feet. “I admit I like her, so I told
her about my feelings. Sure, I know nothing about dating or making girls happy, but I wanted to at least give relationships a go. She's not
interested in me. She said seve
just
wanted to fool around. What more can I do? Are you going to make her fall in love with me?" 
Bella blinked in shock.
Jesus Christ. Did Axel profess his love to Roza already? He sure was a straight shooter.
Still, no decent woman would be pleased if a guy took their lips.
As the siblings did not keep their voices down, Justin quickly shifted closer to them.
Despite having a lot to drink, Justin believed his mind could not be any clearer He made a beeline to Bella, put his arms around her waist, and asked in a raspy voice. "Why are you arguing with Axel?" 
While wiggling her way out of Justin's grasp, Bella took her anger out on him. "You men are the same!"
###chapter1462
Justin got an earful out of nowhere.
"I was wrong, Bella. I should have known better than to drink too much. I was out of line." Axel owned up to his mistake, not wanting to yell at his sister.
"So you kissed Roza because of the alcohol? Hmph! Men are irresponsible flirts!"
"No..."
Axel closed his eyes and shook his head. "I was conscious and aware when I kissed her. I like her, Bella, but she doesn't feel the same way about me. We're not meant to be. Besides, she doesn't want to get married, and she's just after the thrill. We don't share the same perspectives on life. I doubt our relationship will get far even if we get together. I'm sorry for not being able to give you a sister-in-law." "Axel!"
Without another word, Axel left the villa in dejection.
"Bella, I'll see Axel out."
Axel's hailed ride had arrived, but Justin stopped him just before he got into the car.
"Hang on, Axel. I just need a quick word with you."
Axel was surprised. "What's up?"
"It can take time and effort to bond. Even though the feelings aren't mutual in the beginning, you can always put your best foot forward if you really like Ms. Walker. Maybe she will open up to you eventually. Try not to give yourself any room for regrets," Justin persuaded.
Axel narrowed his eyes. "Why didn't you fall in love with Bella in the three years you were married?"
Justin choked.
Axel was definitely in the right line of work. He hit where it hurt the most. "It took quite a bit of life-threatening situations and chaos before you two reconciled." "But I won her heart back, didn't I?"
Justin swallowed hard. "If you put your mind to it and hang on... Look, I might sound like I'm mocking you. Well... I am, but that's not all."
Axel breathed out frustratedly, his
eyes downcast. "I don't have your strong will. Anyway, I don't want things to turn out more complicated than they already are. Bella can be the only carefree romantic in the house We don't need another one. It takes a lot of guts to give to much to a partner. You're lucky, Justin, but not everybody is happy to walk the same path as you. I can live with just making the world a safer place and fulfilling my mother's last wish to keep by Bella's side." 
The driver popped his head out impatiently. "Are you coming in or what?"
"I'm coming."
Axel waved Justin off with a stoic face and climbed into the vehicle. His ride swiftly disappeared into the night. Justin stood there blankly, his brows furrowed.
The fun stretched late into the night, but as the clock ticked, it was time to go.
Steven took Amelia home, while lan drove Rachel back. Arnold insisted that Asher send him back.
"It's only 11:00 p.m. You're a grown,
six-foot man with a consistent gym routine. I think you are more than capable of getting home yourself Asher's husky voice reflected callousness. He was still displeased with Arnold's impropriety under the table tonight. 
"But I drank. My head is spinning. Are you really going to let me leave on my own? What if I was robbed or molested on my way home? Even boys aren't safe alone on the
streets. Oh... I feel so dizzy 
With a hand over his forehead, Arnold leaned on Asher and sighed.
He sure was a drama queen.
Asher kept his eyes down, refusing to cast a glance at Arnold.
"Ash, you should drive Arnold back."
###chapter1463
Ralph yawned and said, "We are on our third case of a young male getting assaulted. I don't want it to happen again. If anything happens to Arnold, there goes the last good man in the Larson family."
Arnold concurred.
Asher tensed his jaw in silence.
All the guests were gone, except one man.
Wilma was cleaning up the mess when she found Drew asleep on the balcony.
It was the balcony, so a fall from that height could be fatal, if not risky.
"My goodness! The boy's mad!"
Wilma sprinted to the kitchen in a fluster to find the couple behind the stove. "Young Madam, your brother Drew is dozing off on the balcony. I don't have the heart to wake him up in case he rolls over and falls from the balcony."
Justin looked worried.
On the contrary, Bella stirred the pot and said leisurely, "Relax. He won't fall. He used to take naps on the roofs, rocks, and trees. Heights won't stop him from sleeping."
Justin was lost for words.
The Thompsons were surely strong advocates for their children taking charge of their own lives.
Justin had to wonder if that was because the Thompson family had many children.
Due to Wilma's persistent urging, Justin and Bella went to the balcony.
"I think I should carry him off the balcony," Justin suggested to Bella in a soft voice.
"Why bother? Your arms are reserved only for me. Why hold a stinking man? Just put a throw over him."
Bella snickered and clung to Justin's arm. "Congrats on getting Drew drunk. You're the first. You should have another round of drinks to
celebrate." Content bed
Justin's eyes bulged. "I doubt Drew is drunk. He has been lucid in mind. He just dozed off."
"You don't get him. Drew fell asleep because he couldn't drink
you until morning light." S
x of se, he would've drank
While the couple was whispering, Drew's phone rang.
After three rings, Drew took the call with his eyes shut and answered languidly, "Yes?"
Several seconds later, his attitude changed. "Yes, sir. I'll get there now."
Drew sprung up and leaped from the balcony.
"It's too dangerous, Drew!"
With his eyes popped wide open, Justin leaned forward to stop him, but Bella held him back.
"Relax. He's fine. Go and take a look if you don't believe me."
The couple drew close to the railing, and sure enough, Drew was safe and sound, racing through the gate. There were holes along the railing.
"He's equipped with spy devices as an operative. He can even get himself safely down from the fifth floor.”
Bella caressed Justin's tense face to comfort him. "He probably received another task from his organization and had to go right away. He didn't say goodbye, likely because he felt ashamed about losing to you in a drinking game." 
Justin shook his head in laughter. "Drew sure is youthful."
Bella wrapped her arms around his waist in chuckles and said, “He has the mind of an elementary school kid. You get it."
###chapter1464
Before leaving, Rachel changed back into her own clothes and returned the beautiful gown to Bella. However, Bella would not take the dress back, saying it was a gift for Rachel's 18th birthday.
With no reason left to refuse, Rachel cautiously packed the gown and returned home in happy tears.
On the way back, lan sat on the edge of his seat without saying a word in case the driver might mistake him for a pervert and restrain him. That would be awkward.
Rachel kept a distance from lan the entire time, looking out the window with a blush. She felt that her face and her cheeks were hot.
Upon arrival at their destination, Rachel told lan to get straight home, but lan wanted to walk her to the door for her safety.
Outside the Meads' residence, Rachel hesitated for a moment before whispering, "Wait outside for a moment, Mr. Harris."
"Take your time. I'm in no rush," lan responded eagerly.
lan was the president of the student council on a full scholarship during his college days. After graduation, he worked under Justin, braving challenges and obstacles to become the president's chief secretary with a million-dollar annual salary.
Still, lan could not stop himself from acting like a dummy in front of the woman he loved.
It did not take long for Rachel to tiptoe out with a pink bag in hand. Afraid to wake her mother up, Rachel gently closed the door.
"This is the bag you asked for, Mr. Harris. Sorry. A lot has happened lately, so I only managed to finish the bag now."
Rachel presented the bag to lan embarrassedly. "I made a small alteration. I hope your sister will like it."
"She will. She will definitely love it. Thank you, Ms. Mead."
lan accepted the bag with shaky hands. They felt the tingle when their hands brushed against each other.
"I-I really like you, Ms. Mead. Can I pursue you?" Alcohol gave lan the courage to try one more time.
Rachel backed away nervously. "I-I can't. I'm still in school. I don't want to date yet. My studies are my priority."
"I'll wait. I'll wait until you graduate. Even if you need time to think after graduation, I will still wait for you." lan's voice turned hoarse as he pleaded. Rachel blushed and shook her head. "B-But I'm a minor."
"Didn't you just celebrate your 18th birthday?"
Rachel bit her lip.
"Ms. Mead, Rachel, I-"
Wham!
As the door slammed shut, lan drooped his head at the rejection.
The next morning, at 2:40 p.m., Gregory arrived decked up in a suit
Samador Hotel with Paul i
tthe VIP parking lot of the lack
tow.
The press conference was a strategic move to build support for Shannon ahead of tomorrow's trial.
It was clear to Gregory that Bella
would pay off the press to report negatively on Shannon as a strategy to give Salvador Corporation another devastating blow. 
There was no point in counting on Justin. Heck, Gregory would be grateful if Justin did not take part in any of this.
Hence, Gregory had to intervene to turn the tide for Salvador Corporation.
The hotel manager rushed to Gregory when he just stepped out of the car.
"C-Chairman Salvador, I have terrible news."
Gregory scanned the rude man with displeasure.
Paul frowned and said curtly, "What's the terrible news? Catch your breath before answering."
The hotel manager wiped his sweat away. "I don't know what happened, but no journalist is present at the press conference."
Both Gregory and Paul uttered in disbelief, "No one's here? That's impossible."
Gregory then asked Paul in surprise, "Did you send out the invitations?"
"I notified the press one by one to make sure nothing went wrong, Chairman Salvador." Paul broke out in a cold sweat.
It was too late to point fingers when
the press
s conference was starting
fifteen minutes. Gregory went to the venue to see what was going on. 
Paul and the hotel manager pushed open the heavy doors to the hall.
They were stunned.
A lean figure with broad shoulders sat in the front row in an otherwise empty hall. The man's back was facing them.
As the door swung open, the man got up with grace and looked back.
"Justin?"
###chapter1465
Several feet away, Justin solemnly met Gregory's gaze.
The rows of black chairs were like a thorn bush that separated them.
As the tension rose, Paul and the hotel manager shuddered in fear and shock.
"Why are you here, Justin? What's going on?" Though Gregory had his suspicions, he wanted an answer from Justin.
"Isn't it obvious, Mr. Salvador?"
Justin stood in confrontation with Gregory in his elegant 4-piece suit, dominating Gregory, who had been a leading tycoon most of his life. With time, Justin would surpass Gregory in achievements and success. There was just something about Justin that Gregory did not have.
For once, Gregory was grateful that no one outside the family was there to witness that.
"I dispersed the press you invited. They would rather upset you than me." Justin curled his lips chillingly.
"Why did you do that?"
Outraged, Gregory could only hear buzzing in his ears. "Did the Thompson girl put you up for this? You are turning your back on your family because of her. She's just playing you."
Justin pulled a long face, his eyes brewing with emotions. "Everything I do is of my own accord. This has nothing to do with Bella. I will not have you insult my future wife." Gregory's eyes widened in shock.
Paul and the hotel manager dared not breathe a word.
"Besides, I won't blame Bella if she plays me. I'll do anything just to get a smile on her face."
"You're mad. You lost it!" Gregory, a mogul, could only resort to tearing Justin apart with words.
"At least, I'm better than you. You want to cover up a crime." Justin retorted with a blank face.
Gregory pounded his chest and
chided angrily, "I'm the chairman of
made choices beneficial to the family and company. A selfish person who puts relationships above all else won't understand Where I am coming from 
Salvador Corporation. I made net
Justin's eyes reflected desolation and aloofness.
He would rather have never been born than see his mother love a heartless hypocrite.
"See you in court tomorrow at 9:00 a.m."
Not wasting another breath, Justin took strides past Gregory. "You and Hunter can give us your best shot, but there will only be one outcome. Shannon will pay for her crimes and receive the maximum sentence." 
In the parking lot, Bella hacked into the hotel's surveillance and witnessed the standoff between the father and son.
She was relieved that Justin took
her side without hesitation when Gregory shamed her, but the
growing tension between the father and son would bring Justin alot of trouble. 
Although Nigel adored Justin, he was too advanced in age to run the household.
Justin might still hold the reins of the company now, but Grant's possible return and good health could spell new leadership in the family business.
Despite Justin's repeated assurances that he did not care, Bella still felt uneasy about the possibility of him losing his long-held position because of her. Thump, thump, thump.
Following the knock on the car window, Bella widened her eyes, shut her laptop, and looked over.
Justin stood outside with two cups of coffee, his gaze filled with love for her.
Bella opened the door for Justin to enter, and he handed a cup of coffee to her.
###chapter1466
Justin asked, "Were you peeking again?"
Bella pursed her lips and held the coffee cup in her hands. "Yeah. I was worried you might be in trouble."
"Was I cool or what?" Justin put his hand on her head and tousled her hair.
Bella leaned closer for a kiss on his cheek. "You were so cool."
Justin hooked his arm around her waist, his breath brushing against the tip of her nose. "I couldn't have done it without you today. If you hadn't put the squeeze on the press as the representative of KS Group, doubt I could've stopped the media all across the city from attending the press conference. Gregory resents me for foiling his plans, but he can't stand the humiliation the most."
"Justin."
After much contemplation, Bella persuaded him. "Promise me that you will try not to get into it with your father once Shannon's case is over, okay?"
"Are you feeling bad for me?" Justin lifted her chin, his lips curling.
"I'm serious."
Justin said, "When Shannon gets what she deserves, I promise I won't go after Gregory so long as he doesn't bother you and your family."
Then his phone rang.
He took it out for a look, and a complex of emotions filled his eyes. "It's Grandpa, Bella. He wants to see us."
While on the way to Crescent Bay, the pair grew a little worried.
They knew that Nigel always had a soft spot for them.
However, the timing was a little suspicious. Maybe Nigel had found out that Justin ruined Gregory's press conference. For all they knew, Gregory would have spilled the beans to Nigel, and Nigel was having none of it.
Salvador Corporation was Nigel's
not work, after all. Surely, Nigel
to lose the success.
worked for his whole life. S
had
With that in mind, Bella did something sly and gave Nigel a big bear hug upon arrival.
"Oh, I miss you, Grandpa Nigel!"
"Hahaha... I miss you too, my darling granddaughter." It had been a while since Nigel had a hearty laugh.
Justin raised a brow.
Technically, Bella should be Nigel's granddaughter-in-law.
In the past Nigel treated Bella like a granddaughter to bring her closer to the family. Now that Justin and Bella are together, Nigel should refrain from addressing Bella as his granddaughter. 
"Can I examine you later to make
sure you're in tip-top shape. Nigel?can even cook some of your favorites later." Bella got down on one knee and asked with a smile. 
"I'd love that, and Matt too." Nigel patted her head dotingly.
"No problem!"
Nigel shifted his gaze to Justin sternly.
Bella's heart raced. She flattered Nigel so that he would not reprimand Justin. However, Nigel still seemed pissed.
"I heard you crashed your old man's press conference."
"That's right, Grandpa." Justin faced Nigel without fear.
Nigel furrowed his brows and removed his left slipper to throw at his grandson.
Acting fast, Justin caught the slipper with a frown. "Use your words, Grandpa."
###chapter1467
"You're foolish!" Nigel criticized angrily.
Feeling bad, Bella tried to speak up for Justin, but Nigel uttered, "You should've run things by me first. Why are you taking matters into your own hands? Are you trying to piss off your old man?" "Grandpa, I—"
"I wouldn't be pleased if I were in your position. I was going to get even with your old man since he didn't even keep me in the loop."
Nigel sighed frustratedly. "You should've told me so I could confront him. I could've restrained him without causing another strain in your relationship with your dad. You know how petty your dad is. He'll hold onto grudges and will never let them go."
"I know you want to protect me, Grandpa, but I'm no longer that 5-year-old. I'm a grown-up now. It's my turn to watch over you, Bella, and the Salvador Corporation."
Emotional, Justin drew close and got down on one knee to slip the slipper back on Nigel's foot. "Don't worry about me. I can resolve my issues. You just retired, so you should be enjoying your life instead of fussing over me."
"Sigh... That's true. I'm just an old, useless fart," Nigel lamented, his eyes welling up.
Justin felt a lump in his throat. "Don't say that, Grandpa."
Bella took notice of Nigel's sorrow, a reflection of his internal conflict. He yearned to protect Justin, but his age made him realize the limitations of his power.
She nearly choked with sobs.
"Tomorrow must be the trial," Nigel said solemnly.
The couple exchanged glances and nodded.
"Bring the gifts I prepared for the kids, Matt!" Nigel shouted out loud. He seemed to be in good health.
"Here they are, Mr. Salvador."
Matt brought two gifts over and gave one to Bella and the other to Justin.
"Anna, Justin, open them up." Nigel smiled amiably.
Happy to receive a gift, Bella eagerly opened the box.
The black sleeveless dress featured two delicate butterflies embroidered onto the fabric.
"It's the work of Febb from Helix Couture!" Bella ran her fingers along the needlework. She loved the dress.
"Hehe, you know your stuff, Anna."
Nigel gave Bella the thumbs up. "I want you to break free from your cocoon and fly!"
Justin opened his gift and saw a waistcoat of the same fabric as Bella's. He did not know how to
react. "Bella can wear hers, Grandpa, but what am I supposed to do with this?" 
Nigel replied, "Well, it's your choice whether you want to wear it."
Justin was lost for words.
"Mr. Salvador gave you a suit to wear to court. It's a matching set with Ms. Thompson's dress, sir," Matt said with a smile.
Nigel wanted them to suit up for the trial tomorrow.
"I'll be cheering you on in the courtroom tomorrow." Nigel held their hands tight.
"Thank you, Grandpa Nigel." Bella, who normally had a lot to say, was speechless. She could only thank him over and over again with tearful eyes. 
Justin fought back the tears and grinned. "Bella and I will only be attending the trial. We're not going into battle. Why did you give us these? But thank you. We will win the case."
###chapter1468
As the trial loomed, the weight of anticipation and anxiety grew heavier.
Wilma dressed in her best, new clothes first thing in the morning and brought a bouquet to the cemetery.
She placed the bouquet on Mary's grave and sat down. She placed an iPad with a picture of Mary's smiling face in front of her.
"Your precious son and daughter-in-law are seeking justice for you today, Madam. Karma has finally gotten to Shannon."
Wilma wiped Mary's black-and-white photo, her eyes misting over. "The kids will visit you once the trial is over. Before that, I will stay with you and witness justice being served."
The scent of the flowers, carried on by the wind, whispered a silent response.
Although a closed trial was requested for Shannon's case, the court rejected it due to insufficient reason. The case then proceeded as a public trial.
Despite the influence of Salvador Corporation and Shannon's celebrity status, the case had a profoundly negative impact on society and did not qualify for a closed trial. After careful consideration, the court opted for a public trial to uphold justice and preserve its reputation.
That morning, the press flocked outside the courthouse, and the journalists covered the court case live. The entire nation turned in to watch the trial.
A black sedan pulled up outside the courthouse.
Hunter, who had been missing in action, appeared in his sharp suit, and the press swarmed toward him.
"Mr. Lovett, how sure are you about winning the case for Salvador Corporation and Ms. Quarry?"
Hunter smiled cockily. "I have never lost a case before."
In other words, he had the case in the bag.
He seemed to forget that he had lost to Bella and Justin multiple times before.
"Ms. Quarry was detained for her drug use a while back, but you had not bailed her out despite Salvador Corporation's request. Can we take it that you are falling behind on Shannon's case?"
Hunter's smile froze as he clenched his fists.
An assistant refuted right away, "Salvador Corporation sought our help on Mrs. Salvador's case, but when we took over, the evidence had already been stacked up against her, and there was nothing more we could do for her, so-" 
"So you're saying that if Shannon went to Mr. Lovett in the first place, Mr. Lovett could've helped her out of a drug charge." One of the journalists asked harshly. He could not stand Hunter.
Many journalists covering the judiciary detested Hunter, the unscrupulous lawyer who was only interested in profit. They saw through his polished exterior and knew the type of person he truly was. Hunter smirked to himself. "I am just an attorney. Can you not make me out to be the monster? The plaintiff and defendant have a right to an attorney. The law gives them a fair trial.
"I have an obligation to fight for my clients. Today's trial is another of Mrs. Salvador's cases, and I will be monitoring the case throughout. I have read the files, and I amo confident we will win this case." 
The reporter responded, "So you are confident that you can acquit Shannon of hiring a hitman?"
Hunter smiled pretentiously and
wagged his index finger. "I need to
trust my clients unconditionally before I can defend them. I do not
need to get her acquitted when she committed no crime in the first place. 
Another sedan pulled up next to Hunter's ride.
The car door opened, and out walked Steven, looking handsome and calm.
"Take your time, ma'am."
###chapter1469
Linny's grandmother, using a cane for support, stepped out of the car with Steven's help.
"They are the plaintiff's attorney and family."
A sharp-eyed journalist recognized Linny's grandmother from the funeral, where Shannon was dumped from head to toe in food. The incident had been the talk of the town.
"The plaintiff's attorney looks familiar. Oh, my god! Isn't he Ms. Thompson's secretary?" The journalist pointed at Steven in shock.
"Oh, he is! He's a lawyer too?! Ms. Thompson sure hires the most capable people!"
The press surrounded Steven. His presence alone took away the attention from Hunter.
That made Hunter's blood boil.
Hunter's attempts to spy on his opponent through his extensive connections did not get him anywhere.
So the person who took over turned out to be Steven.
"M-Mr. Lovett, what do we do now?" Hunter's assistant, unaware of their relationship, was taken aback.
"Hmph! They are just fighting a hopeless battle."
Hunter gritted his teeth. "So what if he was the top student at Savrow Law School and could practice law? He's been a lapdog for the Thompsons for many years and has never put his bar certification into practice. He's no competition."
Bella likely put Steven up on the same playing field as Hunter just to make him sick.
Hunter planned to teach the dumb woman and Steven a lesson in court.
Just before Hunter walked away, Steven stopped him.
"Brother!"
Steven entrusted Linny's grandmother to a bodyguard before he approached Hunter solemnly. Everybody was surprised. "Brother?"
It turned out that Hunter and Steven were brothers.
It was a face-off between brothers in
court. One
vel.r
was fighting for the victim, while the other was defending a tycoon. It was drama. 
Hunter watched with gnashed teeth as the eyesore drew close.
Steven's form of address was the ultimate insult to Hunter.
"I might be your brother, but in the eyes of the law, all is equal. I don't plan to go easy on you because l know you. I won't show mercy, even to my family." 
Steven narrowed his eyes and carried himself with composure. "As
Ms. Linny's attorney, I will do my best to make Shannon pay for
contracting a killer." 
Overwhelmed with emotions, Linny's grandmother covered her face and cried at the mention of Linny's name.
The journalists were even more annoyed with Hunter.
"Contracting a killer? How can you say that?"
###chapter1470
Hunter refuted it with a fake smile. "Winston killed Ms. Linny. He was caught in the act and found guilty. Mrs. Salvador was framed. I'm here to clear her name."
Steven sneered, "Are you saying her arrest for corruption, bribery, abuse of power, framing others, and drug use is unjustified?"
"Don't put words in my mouth. Mrs. Salvador is not blameless, but her crimes do not warrant the death penalty. Besides, she never killed anyone. She will own up to her crimes, but she doesn't need to take the fall over the personal vendetta you have."
Steven fell into silence with furrowed brows.
If Steven snapped at Hunter in a fit of rage, it would be an open invitation for Hunter to attack Bella.
The press stared coldly at Hunter, even cheering Steven on in their minds.
Half an hour before the trial, Hunter got to meet Shannon one more time as her attorney.
Despite the prison garb and handcuffs, Shannon sat composedly in the interview room, her hair neatly done.
Even in prison, she worked on her upkeep. She was able to keep up with her appearance under the protection of the Salvadors. She knew Gregory had not turned his back on her entirely, so she did not let herself go. She stayed on a diet to watch her weight and tug on her husband's heartstrings.
So long as she could get out, she would make a comeback. Shannon was confident that she could grab Gregory's attention again, just like when she stole him from Mary 25 years ago.
With that in mind, Shannon asked eagerly, with a sparkle in her eyes, "Mr. Lovett, you must clear my name and get me out of here. If I am released, I will give you anything you want, including the position of Salvador Corporation's legal consultant. Why don't you be a part of the Salvador family? My eldest daughter can marry you. The Thompsons won't be a threat to you. You can crush your traitor of a brother." Hunter did not look impressed because Steven was never family to him.
However, the proposal to be part of the Salvador family was tempting.
Although it was widely known that Bethany was mean and stupid, Hunter would be rubbing shoulders with the upper class once associated with the Salvadors.
Besides, it did not matter if Bethany was mean. He could just be worse than her.
Hunter cleared his throat and asked
in hushed tones, "This will be the last time we talk before we go to trial, Mrs. Salvador. Please be honest with me. You are being tried for hiringa hitman. Winston gave you up. You are lucky because the evidence is all circumstantial, so we have a chance to fight back. Be honest with me. How did you put
Winston up for the task?" 
"I sent my eldest daughter, Bethany, to do it. I never revealed myself throughout." Shannon sold her daughter out right away.
"Hmm... But you attempted to get
Winston killed to silence him. Winston holds that against you, so
he won't give Ms. Bethanyoso
He's
focused on taking you down." 
Shannon replied, "Isn't your brother, Clarence, a judge? Can't you get through to him to be a little lenient?"
"Clarence is very much by the book. I had a talk with him, but he didn't give me a straight answer. I doubt we can count on him."
Hunter then whispered, "I need you
to answer one more thing. Are you only involved in Linny's murdere case? Are there any other murder cases that I don't know about?" 
Shannon was dumbstruck.
She felt chills down her spine as the image of Mary's contorted body lying in a pool of blood entered her mind.
###chapter1471
Blood... Terrifying, crimson blood!
Thinking of Mary's gruesome death, Shannon suddenly felt a piercing ringing in her ears. She was drenched in cold sweat as if she had drowned, and her colorless lips trembled uncontrollably.
"Mrs. Salvador? Mrs. Salvador, are you alright?" Hunter noticed her abnormality and asked in surprise.
"No... Nothing." Shannon's cuffed hands curled into a ball underneath the table, fiercely cutting off the memories in her brain.
"Mrs. Salvador, you haven't answered my question yet."
Hunter asked again, "You need to be honest with me. Are you still responsible for any other lives? This is extremely important for me to defend you in court and protect your reputation. Although it was just a maid who died, Justin and Bella are clearly trying to use this case as a breakthrough to bring you down completely. They will definitely do everything in their power to dig through your past. It's hard to say what evidence against you they might throw out in court."
Shannon's body still trembled uncontrollably as she bit her lip tightly.
"I don't have any ulterior motives for asking you this question. I only want to increase our chances of winning in court. Now, you need to be entirely honest with me. Trust me and cooperate with me. I can only stand undefeated in court if I know everything about you."
Shannon let out a chilling sneer. "Mr. Lovett, are you really trying to help me, or are you only doing this to protect your own legendary record?"
Hunter did not like being asked this question, but due to her status as Mrs. Salvador, he still had to flatter her. "Compared to my undefeated record, it's more important to help you clear your name, of course." "Forget it. I can't trust any of you lawyers!"
Out of anxiety, Shannon's legs shook as if she were having a seizure. "If I told you, you would have another weapon to blackmail me with in the future. I've seen too many of these despicable tricks. Don't think of lying to me!"
Hunter frowned and asked, “So you mean... There's really something?"
"No! I've never killed anyone! Never! Don't accuse me!" Shannon broke down. She suddenly stood up and yelled like a maniac.
"Okay, okay. It's good if you didn't." Hunter stepped back, fearing she would pounce on him and bite.
Every seat was taken in the court.
Although the trial was to be tried publicly and streamed live on the court's official website, Gregory had booked all the seats he could to avoid any random outsiders
slipping in and causing tro from new
Then
he filled them with people from the Salvador Corporation and legal acquaintances. 
Besides Gregory, the long-hidden Bethany was also summoned for today's trial.
Naturally, she did not want to show herself in such an unpleasant place. She had long lost any hint of affection for her mother.
"Dad, why did you force me to come? Those reporters will start making up stories when they see me!"
Bethany whined, her brows furrowing in frustration. "I don't even dare to step outside now, refusing to attend gatherings, afraid of being laughed at! With a mother like that... It's such a disgrace!"
"Being laughed at? You're from the Salvador family. Who would dare laugh at you? Besides, no matter what, she's still your mother. As her daughter, you should show support for her to get through this period. How could you say such cruel words?" Gregory sat in the front row sternly, reprimanding Bethany in a cold tone. 
Bethany asked exasperatedly, “Then why is it just me? Where's Carrie?"
"Don't you know what condition your sister is in? How could she come here and deal with the stress? As her sister, you should be more considerate instead of complaining." Gregory shook his head, displeased. 
Bethany did not dare to speak further, silently seething. 'You're only siding with that fool because she has Ryan backing her up!'
###chapter1472
Bethany thought, 'Just you wait. Sooner or later...'
At this moment, a series of footsteps sounded.
Gregory and Bethany instinctively turned around, and their faces darkened.
The people entering were Justin and Bella, with a few people from the Thompson family following behind them.
Asher, Ralph, Amelia, and even the three mistresses have come to use their actions to support the victims.
In such a critical moment, Ryan should have come to cheer them on, but this matter concerns Carrie's mother. Afraid that his lover would break down after hearing the news, he decided to accompany her at home.
Bethany glared at Bella, gritting her teeth. However, Bella did not even spare her a glance, giving her no chance to vent at all. All she could do was stay mad silently.
Bella's beautiful face was only adorned with light makeup today. She wore a pearl-white suit that was spotless, with a blue sapphire brooch of her own design pinned to her chest, looking elegant and poised. Standing tall beside her was Justin. His tailored black suit accentuated his lean figure, making him appear steady and imposing.
They sat in the first row with the Salvadors, but the aisle between them felt like an insurmountable chasm, creating a clear line with the Salvadors.
"Dad, look at what Justin is doing! What is he thinking?"
Bethany did not forget to sow discord. "He is the Salvador Corporation's president, but he openly stands on the opposite side from us, sitting with the Thompson family. Isn't he making a joke of you and letting everyone laugh at us?!"
Gregory gritted his teeth, a burning flame simmering within his chest.
"Celeste, this day has finally come." Sasha grasped Celeste's hand tightly, tears welling up as she recalled all the suffering Celeste had gone through.
Celeste took a deep breath and nodded gently, her heart racing with nerves.
Mary and Linny had waited for this day for far too long. So had she.
Never in her dreams would she have thought she would see Shannon standing in the court, facing judgment. No matter what the outcome was, it was enough for Celeste.
"Justice will prevail. Shannon has committed too many evil deeds. She will definitely receive the karma she deserves." Mila held Celeste's other hand,comforting her softly, but her gaze, staring at the defendant's stand, was ice cold. 
Bella heard their conversation behind her. At this moment, she did not fee relaxed. Instead, she was ever more anxious and burdened than before Shannon was caught. 
It was their showdown today. There was no turning back.
What she wanted was not for Shannon to be imprisoned for ten years, twenty years, or even a lifetime.
She wanted Shannon to be sentenced to death. A blood debt should be paid by blood!
Bella's every move and smile strummed Justin's heartstrings. He felt her anxiety, quickly taking her slightly cold hand and interlocking their fingers.
"Bella, don't panic. Don't be nervous. We must believe Axel and Steven. We will definitely win this battle."
Bella looked up and into his deep and captivating gaze, her previously unsettled heart slowly calming down.
"Asher, didn't you say you had an
important meeting at the company today?
are you here to listen?
Isn't the company left unattended?”
Ralph asked in surprise. 
###chapter1473
Asher said, "It doesn't matter. Dad is handling it."
Asher's gentle and doting gaze lowered as he looked at his sister, who was sitting in the front row. "I told Dad that I'm worried about Bella, and I was afraid there might be unexpected incidents happening here without someone to take care of them, so I came along."
"Asher, you are really treating Bella like she's your daughter."
Ralph exclaimed from his heart, his eyes landing on Bella and Justin's perfectly matched figures. His gaze grew complicated. "But as her brothers, we will probably have a lesser chance of being by Bella's side. Bella has a guardian angel who will protect her forever now. She won't need us anymore."
"She won't be single forever. Since she turned 18, I've been prepared to face the day that she won't need me anymore.”
Asher recalled many fond moments of his sister's sweet smile, and bitterness rose in his chest. But he was not jealous. He only had blessings for her. "But it's actually quite good. She has someone she could entrust her life to, and we can finally retire in honor as her old knights."
After the plaintiff, the defendant's lawyer, and prosecutors took their seats, the discussion among the listeners died down.
Steven and Hunter each stood on one side, tension crackling between them.
"Steven... Good luck."
Amelia sat beside her mother, staring at Steven's handsome figure with an intense gaze, her back not even leaning against the chair, nerves taut.
Wearing the prosecutor's uniform, Axel strode to his seat and took his place. His sharp, eagle-like eyes commanded respect and radiated a sense of oppression.
"Oh my God! Who could understand me?!"
Sasha looked at Axel with a fangirling expression. "Axel looked so cool in court! If all prosecutors are as handsome as Axel, I'd have to find reasons to come here every once in a while to meet them!" Celeste and Amelia were speechless.
Mila's forehead creased with exasperation. "You're already married. Can you watch your behavior? Do you think the court is some sort of host club where you can drop by for fun?" 
On the stage, Axel subconsciously glanced at the spectators' area.
Seeing his family present, his heart, steeled by the many battles in court, could not help but feel a surge of warmth.
During this trial, not only did he carry the heavy burden of seeking justice for the victims and representing the country in prosecution, but he also shouldered the eager expectations of his family. 
At this moment, a slender figure slipped in through the almost-closed door.
Immediately, Axel's gaze, which was about to shift away, was captured. He looked to the back.
The next second, his heart suddenly tightened and pounded wildly.
Sitting quietly in the last row was Roza, dressed in a low-profile khaki suit. As she wore sunglasses that partially blocked half of her face, Axel could not see her expression clearly or if she was looking at him. 
But even so, he still felt as if all the blood in his body was burning, boiling, ignited, and full of unstoppable strength.
The right door opened, and two policemen escorted Shannon into the court. She was wearing a prison uniform and was cuffed around her wrists.
Escorted along with her was Winston.
Shannon glared venomously at Winston, but when she shifted her gaze to Gregory, tears immediately welled up in her eyes. She turned into a pitiful and weak woman.
###chapter1474
In the whole courtroom, apart from the actors Gregory arranged, everyone glared at Shannon with hateful and loathing eyes.
Even her own daughter, Bethany, cast a despising and disgusted glance at her mother, who was always thinking about how to sell her out.
Shannon had come prepared for this trial. She requested to use the washroom before going to court, wetting her face and making herself appear like a pitiful woman constantly tormented in the pits of hell. Coupled with her innocent expression, she truly put on a masterclass performance.
Indeed, when Gregory saw Shannon looking at him as if begging for help, her damsel-in-distress appearance immediately pulled him back to the time when they first met.
His stone-cold heart suddenly had a small crack.
"Wicked witch... I want you to pay for Linny's death with your life! I want your life!"
Linny's grandmother found it hard to suppress her anger when she saw Shannon appear. She trembled and roared, tears streaming down her face. It was a sight that made people's hearts ache.
At this moment, Shannon shed tears, shaking her head helplessly, as if she were really wrongfully accused.
They were on public trial this time, and everything will be on camera, making it a stage of sorts.
Shannon was still the main character!
Before going into court, Hunter had patted his chest and guaranteed her that the charge of her hiring for murder would not stand. All she had to do was cooperate fully with his performance. "Grandma! Please stay calm! Take a deep breath!" Steven ran to Linny's grandmother anxiously.
Seeing that the old woman's face had paled and started shaking, Bella immediately stood up and shouted, "Bring an oxygen tank immediately! She's about to faint and needs oxygen!" The officers quickly complied, putting an oxygen mask over the old woman's face, who then gradually calmed down.
At this moment, the judge took his seat while wearing his robes. It was the Lovett family's second son, Clarence.
Clarence looked at his brothers standing before him, facing each other as enemies, making him deeply uncomfortable.
"Oh, the judge this time is the Lovett's second son!"
Sasha shook Mila's shoulder worriedly, almost making her nauseous. "Mila! Will this Lovett sabotage Steven? Are there any good people in the Lovett family apart from Steven? I'm doubtful!"
Mila patted her hand, saying
solemnly, "He shouldn't. I've investigated Clarence secretly, and he only relied on his own ability to
get through the civil service exame
and eventually become a judge It has nothing to do with his father. Besides, his resume is clean, without connections to any
conglomerates-far better than his father's. For this case, I believe he will be a fair judge." 
The trial that was anticipated by thousands officially started.
"The District Court of Savrow is now in session for the case of Winston's act of murder and Shannon Quarry's involvement in hiring him. Next, the plaintiff's lawyer will present their case." 
Linny's grandmother was already eighty years old and had exhausted herself by insisting on being in court, seeking justice for her granddaughter. She could only let Steven represent her.
Steven shed his usual image as a secretary transforming into a professional lawyer. He used his passionate and powerful words to recount the case and presented the lawsuit on behalf of the plaintiff. 
Their request was simple: a life for a life!
###chapter1475
The courtroom fell silent. Even the actors Gregory hired could not help being moved by Steven's speech and the victim's story, casting looks of undisguised contempt and disdain at Shannon. The image of Linny's gruesome death by gunshot resurfaced in Bella's mind cruelly once again.
Bella felt as if her heart was twisted by a knife. She covered her ears and closed her eyes, feeling as if she had fallen into a vacuum-sealed jar. Her smooth forehead was covered by sweat, almost suffocating her.
"Bella, don't think about it... I'm here." Justin quickly held her shoulder and pulled her into his embrace, resting her forehead on his shoulder and comforting her softly.
Although she was not related to Linny, witnessing the girl's death was a near-fatal blow to someone as kind as Bella.
"Justin... I still think that I'm a sinner." Bella sobbed and choked up beside the man.
Listening to her sobs, Justin felt heartbroken. He comforted her with reddened eyes, "Don't say that. My Bella is not a sinner. The two people at the defendant's stand are the real unforgivable evildoers." After Steven finished speaking, it was the defendant's turn to make her statement.
Shannon tearfully delivered the speech Hunter had prepared for her, the acting skills from her early years coming into use.
"Your Honor, what reason do I have to kill a maid? What would I gain from it? This might all stem from personal grudges between Linny and Winston. After all, they're of the same status in the Salvador Corporation, and Winston always acted high and mighty because he was my aide, often bullying the maids. Linny must have offended him in private, causing him to have murderous intent!" "Nonsense!"
Winston had turned into the state's witness, only thinking about protecting himself. He immediately retorted, "Your Honor, Linny had dirt on Shannon, so she paid me to get rid of her! Shannon is the mastermind. I followed her orders as I was afraid of her status as the Salvador Corporation's lady boss. Otherwise, my life could be in danger! Even so, she still sent someone after me while I was in prison! I still have scars on my neck!"
"Slander! If had known you were a thug abroad, I wouldn't even have hired you!" Shannon screamed. Her voice was hoarse, and the scene turned into a spectacle of the two criminals biting at each other.
"When you gave the order, Bethany Salvador was with us! She must've known clearly what you're planning!"
Immediately, the court burst into an uproar.
Everyone's surprised gazes gathered on Bethany's pale-white face.
Even her own father, Gregory, threw a side eye at her, his eyes full of shock and suspicion.
"No... No! I don't know anything!"
Bethany shook her head het
= shook her head int
feeling as if she were sitting needles, on the verge of tears. 
A devastatingly cruel thought even formed in her mind.
Bethany hoped Steven would win the case and quickly convict Shannon, sparing her from being dragged down with her.
After all, her mother was an unsalvageable drug addict. She did not have any humanity left and would likely implicate her to save herself.
"Silence! The court is a serious place. Do not make noise!" Clarence glanced at Bethany coldly, hitting the gavel twice.
Bella and Justin exchanged a complicated glance.
They knew Winston only dragged Bethany down because he was backed into a corner. They also knew that Bethany had undeniable involvement in that incident.
However, it would be challeng
convict her without evidence, or the ones standing in the defendant's dock today would be both mother and daughter. 
But it did not matter. When the nest was overturned, no egg would remain unbroken.
###chapter1476
Without Shannon acting as her strategist, Bethany was like a parasite that had lost its host, only able to scrape by.
Shannon and Winston were still biting at each other disgracefully.
The scene made Gregory extremely embarrassed, and he wished he could leave immediately.
After the defendant's and plaintiff's statements, it was tfor the crucial debate stage.
When it was tfor Hunter to start performing, he chuckled lightly and stretched, standing up slowly. "I would like to ask Mr. Winston. You keep saying that my client paid you to get rid of Ms. Linny, but there are no recordings to prove what you said. I have ample reason to suspect that you made up these lies to escape punishment, slandering my client's name." "I didn't! Everything I said is true! I don't have any interactions with that maid. Why would I kill her for no reason?!" Winston anxiously defended himself.
Steven's cold gaze was fixed on Hunter's smug face. He secretly clenched his fists.
Although he had the recording Linny secretly took, it was this recording that led to her death. He knew about this, and Hunter undoubtedly knew it too.
The reason Hunter dared to speak freely here was because he knew that recordings taken secretly could not be presented as evidence in court.
Hunter continued his fierce attack. "You also said that my client paid you a large sum. May I ask where did you put that money?" Winston could not answer. He asked for cash from Shannon at that time, and he kept it in the basement of his old house in Terranova. There were no bank transaction records.
But now, Shannon probably ordered someone to move the cash away.
"After the murder case, my client indeed had a significant transaction, but she used that money to purchase a property in Meridan." As he spoke, Hunter handed a document to the judge. "This is the property transaction record, which matches the amount of money flowing out from my client's account." Clarence took the documents and meticulously compared them. Indeed, the transaction amounts matched. Shannon's brows furrowed as she put on an innocent expression, but she sneered with disdain in her heart.
"You accuse my client of hiring you to kill the victim, which makes no sense. My client is the wife of the Salvador Corporation's chairman, worth billions, while the victim was merely a maid in the Salvador family and had worked there for five years. Before working as a maid, she had no interaction with my client or the Salvador Corporation. Why would my client have any motive to kill her?" Hunter stared at Winston aggressively On the other hand, before becoming my client's aide, Mr. Winston had done countless.
shady acts in Terranova and hamore than one life on his hands. His criminal records are well documented by the police in Terranova and could be retrieved at any time." "I've said that I've never even talked to Linny! If Shannon didn't orderto, why would I kill her?!" Winston was about to go mad with anger. How could a thug like him be a match with a silver-tongued lawyer? "You said you had no interaction, but that's just your claim. After all, we can't verify it with Linny now. Even if you had nothing to do with her, you could have killed her in a fit of rage. For vicious and heartless criminals like you, killing is as easy as breathing." Hunter kept solidifying Winston's image as a murderous demon. The worse his impression was on the judge, the more favorable it was to Shannon! "Your Honor." At this moment, Steven spoke heavily. "Regarding the defendant's lawyer's statement, I have an important question."
###chapter1477
Steven did not retort much in the previous part, seemingly at a disadvantage in front of Hunter, who was speaking confidently.
On the spectator's seat, Amelia's heart was pounding like a rabbit, and she stared at Steven with a burning gaze until they ached. She was too worried about Steven and hated that she could do nothing apart from cheering him on silently in her heart.
"You can speak, the plaintiff's lawyer." Clarence had a stern expression, but he cast an affirming gaze at his brother. Although the three Lovett brothers were rarely in contact after becoming adults, each making a nfor themselves in different fields and not as close as typical siblings, Clarence and Steven still had a moral compass. They were unlike Hunter, who had fallen to beca slave to money. They had never done anything immoral.
Hunter looked down on Steven and frequently spoke of Clarence as rigid and inflexible, believing himself to be the pillar of the Lovett family. He thought that after their high-ranking judge of a father retired, he, as the eldest son with high hopes, would maintain the family's glory.
However, Hunter did not know that his achievements cwith an exorbitant hidden cost.
In the near future, he would pay a miserable price for betraying his conscience and morals.
Steven took out a piece of documented evidence, his clear eyes shining with a sharp light. "Everyone knew that the defendant was far from the innocent person her lawyer was trying to paint her as. Before being arrested this time, she had been summoned more than once by the police." He implied that Hunter was lying.
"She was arrested this tnot only because she was suspected of hiring for murder but also for taking drugs in public, hiding drugs, and other charges." At this time, the screen appeared to be playing the disgraceful video of Shannon getting high after injecting drugs into herself at the resting lounge during the horse racing event.
Her private parts were censored, but those obscene moans still made everyone in the court uncomfortable, even the court officials. Hunter glared at Steven, knowing too well what he was planning.
"Shut it off... Shut it off now! Stop playing it!" Shannon was extremely humiliated, her face red with shame.
At this point, she finally wanted sdignity.
Steven presented this video as court evidence to humiliate this evil woman once again.
Bella stared at the screen coldly, her lips curling up. "If we could play this video at Shannon's funeral, it would be awesome. That would be quite the memorable end to her dirty and sinful life." "Funeral?" S Justin held her hand tightly, and his thin lips smirked mockingly. "When will this trial is over, I doubt give her a proper funeral. He might not even find someone to send her off." Bethany had already found an excuse to leave for the washroom, afraid of being embarrassed further if she stayed. Gregory closed his eyes indignantly. If not for his identity, he would have stood up and left without turning his head.
But if he left, their morale would scatter. Would the others still stay and act? The scene would only look uglier than that disgraceful video! Steven said coldly, "Could a heavy drug addict who needs drugs regardless of tand venue be more emotionally stable than the defendant, Winston? "I've seen saddicts act up during withdrawal. They are all people who would do anything to obtain drugs, are extremely violent, and are unable to control their words and actions. There's a high possibility that she would develop murderous intentions." ΟΛΟΙ Shannon shot daggers at Steven, her face flushed red with anger.
"Your Honor! I ! The plaintiff's attorney is merely speculating out of their own volition. It has nothing to do with this case!" Hunter immediately jumped, raising his hand.
Clarence paused and looked at Steven. "Please ask questions that are relevant to the case."
###chapter1478
"Yes, Your Honor." Steven did not lose his composure. He recollected himself and looked toward Bella and Justin's direction with an ambiguous gaze. The couple had serious expressions, nodding to him slightly.
Steven pursed his lips, staring at Shannon with a sharp gaze. "Ms. Shannon, you insisted that you've never killed anyone. Letask you again. Is everything you said true? This is your last chance to confess." Hunter laughed when he heard it, scrutinizing Steven disdainfully.
Steven was like a monkey challenging him, asking such a foolish question in court. Only an idiot would admit to killing someone. "No... I don't even dare to kill a chicken. How could I possibly murder someone?!" Shannon's mind spun quickly, thinking about how she only ordered others to do her dirty work throughout the years. With her noble status, how could she possibly soil her own hands? So, she replied firmly, "No matter how many times you ask, my answer is the same. Never!" "Okay." Steven no longer looked at her, turning to face the judge seriously. "Your Honor, I'd like to summon a new witness to the stand concerning this case." As his voice fell, the crowd erupted in whispers.
Shannon's heart tightened, and she quickly looked at Hunter with an anxious and panicked gaze.
Hunter was also confused, not knowing what tricks Steven had up elhis sleeve, but he had countless court trial experiences and encountered numerous tricky. challenges. He was confident that he could handle whatever chis way. Clarence nodded sternly. "Summon the new witness." At this moment, the heavy door swung open.
Walking into the crowd's view was a gray-haired, haggard, and plainly dressed old woman.
However, this ordinary woman made Shannon feel thunderstruck, so afraid that her insides twisted in terror.
Shannon's legs gave out, and she crashed against the iron railing of the defendant's stand. If her trembling fingers did not hold onto the railing tightly, she might not even have the strength to stand! It was that maid who changed her identity and hid in Richmond! Why did the maid appear at this place? Shannon had sent someone to watch her year after year. Evenwhen Shannon was jailed, Bethany helped her handle things. How could she have been caught and brought to testify?! It must be a ruse. This woman must be an actress hired by Steven! Shannon suddenly thought of something. Her ferocious and bloodshot eyes turned toward Justin.
Coincidentally, Justin's bottomless gaze was watching her, as cold and sharp as daggers, seemingly able to slice her throat at any moment.
Immediately, everything clicked in Shannon's mind.
It turned out that Justin had secretly taken control of the maid and forced her to side with him. He discreetly eliminated everyone Shannon had sent to spy on the maid.
Such decisiveness and cunning malice were indeed what Justin was capable of.
###chapter1479
Shannon's eyes darted around as she continuously tried to think of a plan.
In the end, she could only grit her teeth and face it, thinking that the accident happened twenty years ago. Twenty years! So what if the maid testified against it? She did not witness how everything happened with her own eyes, and all the evidence was long gone.
With that thought, her expression eased a little, and she slowly straightened her back.
Gregory glanced at the maid with a surprised look, completely forgetting who she was, even if she was the maid who served the woman he loved most closely for several years.
Bella's heart pounded nervously, and her breathing was erratic. Thankfully, Justin hooked his arm around her waist, silently soothing her emotions, and her heartbeat gradually returned to normal.
She was not someone who could not keep calm.
However, it was different this time. It involved the most important battle for the man she loved most-a chance to settle a twenty- year blood feud.
The maid sat in the witness dock nervously, not daring to look at the spectators, much less Shannon. Her legs trembled violently under the table.
Clarence flipped through her information file, his eyes narrowing sharply. He then asked, as a procedure, “The witness' name?" "Emily... Emily Bluefield." The maid answered timidly.
"I've read your information. You once worked for the Salvador family as a maid twenty years ago." Gregory's eyes widened in shock. At this time, he finally remembered that the witness had indeed worked for them, and she was Mary's personal maid.
After Mary passed away, she resigned with an excuse. Gregory had long forgotten about this insignificant character, and he totally did not expect to see her again in court, especially as a witness.
Thinking of Mary, Gregory felt a stab of pain in his heart, which made him clutch his shirt instinctively.
Emily nodded. "Yes... Twenty years ago, I worked at the Salvador family's Tideview Manor. I was the maid of Madam Mary, the deceased wife of Chairman Salvador and Mr. Justin's mother. I was responsible for taking care of Mr. Mary's daily needs." Her nhad been sealed for twenty years, so it was different after resurfacing for ten or twenty years.
Only Justin's eyes reddened instantly, welling up with crystal-clear tears, blurring his gaze full of intense hatred.
Hunter snorted, thinking that Steven brought in an irrelevant person as a desperate struggle, his last resort. "The plaintiff's attorney, do your witnesses have any connection to this case?" Everyone's eyes focused on Steven, especially Asher, looking at him with hope and worry for his upcoming performance.
Ignoring Hunter, Steven walked to Emily and said firmly, "Your Honor, my witness actually has not much to do with this case." Upon hearing his words, Hunter could not conceal the contempt on his face.
However, his triumph did not last more than three seconds. Steven's next sentence made the crowd's jaw drop with shock. "But she could with prove that Shannon was related to a murder case twenty years ago." Everyone was stunned speechless! "Twenty years ago, Chairman Gregory's wife, Madam Mary, fell to her death in the Salvador family's Tideview Manor. The police ruled it a suicide, and the Salvadors chose to settle the case quickly to minimize the impact on their company. But now, I can tell everyone confidently that Madam Mary did not commit suicide at all. It was a murder! The person who killed her was Shannon!"
###chapter1480
The courtroom erupted in an uproar of shock.
The blood immediately drained from Gregory's face, and he abruptly stood up as if a fire had started in his seat, staring incredulously at Shannon.
Mary... Did she not commit suicide due to severe depression? How did it becmurder? How could the murderer be Shannon, the woman who slept beside him for twenty years? "I... I didn't... I didn't!" Shannon gazed at Gregory, shaking her head as she cried.
Justin slowly moved his icy gaze to Gregory's pale-white face, uncontrollably letting out a bone-chilling laugh from the depths of his heart, full of bitter hate.
Even at this moment, Justin did not see any sorrow for his mother on Gregory's face. Instead, Gregory held more doubt and suspicion.
Gregory was not shocked out of love for Shannon. He merely refused to accept that he had failed to recognize her true colors and had been married to a murderer for twenty years.
Hunter felt as if a hammer had struck him in the back of his head, his brain buzzing.
Steven had caught him off guard. He had never encountered such a situation in the years he was on the field. It started as a hiring- for-murder case, so how did it involve Justin's mother? If Shannon had indeed murdered someone before, he would be implicated and dragged down into the mud with her. Hunter shouted anxiously, "Your Honor! This witness has nothing to do with our case. Please reject her right to testify!" Just as Clarence hesitated, Steven seized the moment and said, "Your Honor, the defense claimed that Shannon could not have killed the victim because she is an honorable and dignified lady. But with the appearance of my witness, we can prove that the defense was merely arguing in an attempt to clear his client's name. Therefore, my witness is not completely unrelated to the case. Her testimony could be taken into consideration in this case." Clarence finally relented and nodded his head slightly. "Very well. Both sides may question the witness." Hunter's vision darkened with rage.
Emily stole a glance at Justin, who was sitting below sternly, and recalled his intimidating and imposing presence. She did not dare to hide anything, and she confessed all the secrets hidden in the past.
"Back then... I took care of Madam Mary under Chairman Salvador's orders. At that time, Shannon was merely Chairman Salvador's mistress. She was only temporarily accepted into the Salvador family due to her pregnancy, but Old Master Nigel never truly accepted her." The word "mistress" was like a brand of shfor Shannon, whose face was flushed. She could not help but growl. "Who are you calling a mistress? Who?! I'm not a mistress..... I am the Salvador Corporation's Chairman's rightful wife! Mary is the mistress! She snatched my man!" Gregory's face looked like it was covered in dark clouds. He wished he could send someone to silence Shannon.
Why... Why did he not cherish Mary, a gentle and virtuous woman, when she was by his side? Why did he have to tangle himself with such a greedy and ungrateful woman instead?! "She's insane! She's really good at brainwashing herself." Chapter 1480 1 "Her submissive act was merely her disguise. If she were really willing, my mother wouldn't have died miserably." Justin felt pain spread throughout his heart, but his eyes were as cold as a frozen lake. "As for Gregory, she can have him if she likes. That selfish and deceitful man like him never deserved my mother's love." Staring at Justin's resolute side profile, Bella could not tell the emotions she was feeling now.
Compared to Justin's parents and his situation, she led a far better life. But until now, Bella could not see how much genuine affection Wyatt had for her mother. If they were truly in love, should he not be faithful for a lifetime? Clarence struck the gavel again, coldly reminding, “Defendant, calm down. Do not make noise!” Chapter 1480 2 "You're lying! I've never ordered you to do so!" Shannon flew into a rage, but she felt guilty.
"If I'm lying, may I be hit by a car when I leave this place!" Chapter 1480 3 "I didn't! Shut up!" "To completely destroy Mrs. Salvador... You're dissatisfied with swapping her antidepressants, so you orderedto poison her!" Emily stood up when she got agitated and pointed at Shannon. "I was scared and wanted out, but you eagerly prepared to take matters into your own hands! I worked at a pharmacy long ago. Back then, I secretly saw the poison you prepared for Mrs. Salvador. It was fentanyl!"
###chapter1481
Although Justin had listened to Emily's testimony countless times privately, the excruciating pain in his heart always felt like the first the heard it.
"Fentanyl is a type of analgesic drug banned in the country. It could be fatal with even a slight overdose." Bella's reddened eyes welled up with hateful tears. Her mother had also passed away, so she could fully understand Justin's pain.
The courtroom fell into extrshock, with murmurs and gasps echoing from the spectator seat.
At the stime, the comments on the court's official website's livestream were flooding in. The viewers, shares, and comments had broken the highest record on the website.
[Shannon has more lives on her hands?! Is she a conglomerate chairman's wife or a bloodthirsty demon?!] [So Justin is not an illegitimate child! His mother married into the Salvador family after Chairman Salvador's first wife passed away, while Shannon is merely a mistress who got in through her pregnancy! The illegitimate children should be Shannon's kids!] [What a shameless bitch! She poisoned Mr. Salvador's mother to gain an official title! Her heart is so dirty that even animals would refuse to eat it!] [Shannon has two daughters. Carrie was born after Shannon married Gregory, so Bethany is an undisputable bastard child! How can she be so arrogant with that dishonorable background? If it were me, I wouldn't be able to hold my head up high forever!] At this moment, Bethany paced back and forth anxiously in the court's washroom, smoking while she browsed through the comments online.
Seeing that she was suffering from a horrendous wave of attacks online because of her mother, while Carrie remained untouched, her eyes bulged with hatred. She had perfectly inherited Shannon's crazy tendencies, as she screamed in the empty washroom.
In the court, Shannon also pointed at Emily and screamed, in sync with her daughter. "Emily! You're spewing nonsense! I've never poisoned Mary! I've never ordered you to swap her medication! She died from depression, jumping off the building because she couldn't cope! It has nothing to do with me! "How much did you take from them... What did they promise you? Doing everything they could to catch you, someone who never showed your face in Savrow for twenty years, asking you to slanderat this point?!" When she said this, Shannon's vicious gaze kept staring at Justin, as if she were about to rush out of the cage and lunge at him. Emily chose Justin's side not only because she was afraid of his power. She had been secretly monitored and controlled by Shannon for twenty years, and she had enough of it. She hysterically exposed her encounter.
"If I'm lying, may I be struck by lightning! Everything I said is true! You were afraid that I'd rat you out, so you forcedto resign and leave Tideview Manor. Even so, you were not assured. You sentto the secluded small town in о Richmond and sent your men to constantly monitor and threatenover the past twenty years! I lived under your control every day. "What difference does it have from being in jail? I was born and raised in Savrow but could only spend the latter half of my life in that remote Richmond town... I've been suffering and enduring it all because of you!" Emily's heartfelt experience made it difficult for people to doubt her.
Shannon's mouth twitched. She wanted to say something, but Emily did not give her the chance, dropping another bombshell.
e "Back then, you sneaked into Mrs. Salvador's room to swap her pills, but you were caught red-handed by her. I was hiding by the staircase and saw everything! Because of this, you threatened and blackmailed me, saying that if I dare to sp I the troth, you will make my family vanish from Savrow!" Gregory's ears buzzed. The image of Shannon gradually twisted and distorted in his vision, almost unrecognizable.
He only thought about how horrifying everything was. This had happened in his home, but he only found out now.
"At that time... I clearly heard a heavy thud coming from Mrs. Salvador's room. You had a fierce argument..." In the end, Emily burst into tears. “Then... Then Mrs. Salvador fell, and you ran away from her room in a panic. If you didn't kill Mrs. Salvador, who else did?!" "Nonsense! This is all nonsense! She jumped herself! I'm more of a witness than you! I watched her jump on her own with my eyes!" Shannon's eyes flashed with a vicious glint, but she still had not lost her mind completely. She knew there was no evidence after so many years. As long as she denied it, the truth of that case would never cto light.
After listening to Emily's testimony, Hunter quickly grasped the situation.
At this point, he was on the sship as Shannon, so no matter what, he could not let it sink.
###chapter1482
Emily confessed everything she knew. After she vented her grievance and bitterness that she had suppressed for the past twenty years, she slumped back into her seat, drenched in sweat.
At this moment, she genuinely felt guilty and remorseful.
She hated herself for telling the truth twenty years too late! If she had not been so greedy back then, if she could be fearless against Shannon's threat and expose that evil bitch for murdering Mrs. Salvador. Then Mrs. Salvador could rest in peace. Emily also would not suffer twenty years of exile.
She was truly foolish. At that time, Shannon was merely Chairman Salvador's mistress. Why should she be afraid of such a despicable woman? If Chairman Salvador and his wife repaired their relationship, Shannon would never stand a chance, nor could she remain in the Salvador Corporation. Even if she was pregnant with his child, her ultimate fate would have been to be cast aside, and only her child could stay.
However, there was no turning back.
The Thompson family listened to the cruel truth from the spectator's seat, all feeling as if they were witnessing the death of Justin's mother firsthand.
The three mistresses and Amelia were already in tears, and Ralph had a heavy expression. Even Asher, who was always composed and calm, had slightly reddened eyes at this moment.
He, his brothers, and Bella had all lost their mother early. But compared to Justin, they were incredibly fortunate.
It did not hurt the most to lose a mother to illness. The greatest pain was when she died with a remaining grievance, unable to rest in peace! "Your Honor, regarding this case, I have a few questions for the witness." Hunter stood up with a dark look.
Bella and Justin knew this bastard would definitely stir up trouble. He must try his best to save Shannon for his own future. Even though they were prepared, their hearts still tightened.
Clarence nodded sternly. "Permitted." youHunter walked to Emily, staring at her with a chilling gaze. "Witness, accuse my client of being the real murderer who killed Mrs. Salvador. Did you see my client push her off the building with your own eyes? You only need to answer yes anno. You don't need to say anything else." Steven's brows furrowed, and he clenched his fists.
Emily could only answer honestly. "No... But I clearly heard..." With a bang, Hunter slammed on the table, scaring Emily out of her wits. "Any can make a sound when it collides. If someone outside hears this, will they think I am killing someone?" Steven immediately raised his hand, interrupting, "Your Honor, I to the defendant using such misleading hypothetical questions!" Clarence said, "Defendant, avoid asking hypothetical questions." Hunter smiled coldly and continued, "This means that the witness did not personally see my client commit the alleged murder. Her testimony could only prove that my client was the last person to see the deceased She is a suspect, but not definitively the murderer. Besides, you said my client tried to poison the deceased with fentanyl, but fentanyl is not poison. It is a common analgesic, and one could even obtain it at a clinic overseas. It is a legal type of drug." "Although fentanyl is an analgesic, it is common knowledge that a slightly higher dosage could be lethal." Steven thought that Hunter's argument was pure sophistry. He immediately retorted indignantly, "As long as it's lethal, this type of drug carries a significant danger. The defendant should adhere to the facts rather than playing word games!"
###chapter1483
"Even if you say so, the deceased died from falling off the building. Although my client was present, nobody could directly prove that the deceased's death had anything to do with my client."
As Hunter spoke, he looked at Clarence seriously. "Your Honor, the plaintiff's witness could not serve as a direct witness in this case. Moreover, she disappeared for twenty years before coming out to testify. Could her memory have become faulty? Was she in cahoots with someone else secretly? Her testimony is unreliable!"
The courtroom fell silent. Everyone glared at Hunter's punchable face, fire almost bursting out of their eyes.
Shannon kept her head down, hiding her face, trying her best to control her expression to the extent that her facial muscles were twitching.
She was really afraid that she would lose control of her expression and laugh out loud in joy.
Shannon thought, 'Mary, you wretched bitch! You couldn't win against me when you're alive. Do you think you can do so after death? What a joke!'
Steven's eyes were bloodshot when he saw that the case had ended in a stalemate. He sat down unwillingly. The Thompson family was fuming, wishing they could jump forward and tear Shannon apart. "Fuck... Why bother with all this? We should have just sent someone in, like how Charles was dealt with. We should strangle her in the cell or drown her in the toilet bowl. End it once and for all!" Sasha's eyes bulged with hatred. "Even shit couldn't shut Hunter's dirty mouth up! I was too lenient with him. I should've ripped out his tongue and made him a mute lawyer!"
Mila was distressed about Justin's mother's plight, shaking her head as she sighed. "It's too easy to let someone die. But if we do that, the world will never know the truth about Mrs. Salvador's death. Justin wil never be able to seek justice for his mother, who died in vain."
"And he would never make Gregory regret his idiocy and ruthlessness," Celeste said coldly.
Mila's lips curled disdainfully. "At this point, Justin would not care about what Gregory thinks. That man did not even thoroughly investigate the death of his wife, and he foolishly married a murderer for twenty years. So what if he knew the truth? He is too arrogant and prideful. I don't believe he could feel much remorse. If I were Mary, I wouldn't even want Gregory to kneel and beg for my forgiveness at my grave. He would only be disturbing my peace!"
Amidst the stalemate, Justin's expression was still calm, frightening the others.
At this moment, he gradually shifted his gaze toward Axel, the public prosecutor.
The debate was over. Steven had nearly turned the tide, only to have Hunter knock it over again.
"If the plaintiff does not have any new evidence, the prosecutor may proceed with questioning the case." As the judge, Clarence could only follow the process. 
Axel's gaze was determined, and he slowly stood up, bowing earnestly to the judge and spectators.
When he sat back down, his intense gaze subconsciously swept through the last row, landing on Roza's fair face.
Roza's rosy lips were slightly pursed,
her eyes flickering behind the
Sunses as her heartbeat
increased. verkee
The moment Axel withdrew his gaze, her lips parted, and she mouthed silently, "Good luck."
"After investigation, I have prepared a few questions for the defendant, Shannon."
###chapter1484
Axel spoke confidently, staring at Shannon with a piercing gaze. The intimidation of his eyes, which seemed like they could see through her, was not a joke.
Shannon's heart thumped like drums, and she swallowed dryly. Hunter's heart tightened alongside.
He had heard of how the public prosecutor in Savrow, Axel, was extremely stubborn and hard to deal with.
Being a prosecutor was quite a sensitive and powerful role. Countless wealthy and influential people wanted to get one or two prosecutors on their side, serving them during critical moments. Many prosecutors look upright and fair, but in truth, they helped the conglomerates, entering into a mutually beneficial relationship.
But Axel was born with an overwhelming sense of justice and was also born into a wealthy conglomerate.
How could they try to bribe him? The spare change he carried in his pocket was probably more than what people could offer!
Axel presented the new evidence to the court.
A white pill bottle in a plastic evidence bag appeared on the screen immediately.
Shannon stared at the screen, her brows deeply furrowed as her face was full of surprise.
"Defendant, do you recognize this pill bottle?" Axel fixed his cold gaze on her as he questioned.
Shannon shook her head blankly. "No... I don't know what it is."
Axel could not help but sneer. His tone was both imposing and oppressive. "You don't know? This is your murder weapon. How could you not know?"
Hunter's heart suddenly tightened. Even someone as cunning as him could not guess what Axel had up his sleeve.
"W-What murder weapon?! I've never killed someone. How could there be a weapon?! I don't know anything!" Shannon's forehead was covered in cold sweat, but she remembered what Hunter had instructed her. 
No matter what questions were thrown at her on the court, she could only deny them or feign ignorance. She must not dance to their rhythm.
"Although the witness did not personally see your murder process, there were traces of your plan to poison the deceased."
Axel slightly narrowed his eyes. "You
might think it was impossible to search for evidence for a twenty-year-old case. But you are too naive A witness might be unreliable, but as long as you don't destroy the physical evidence in time, it will stay there forever. It will not vanish or lie. Even if you intend to destroy the evidence, our forensic technology has improved rapidly. What we couldn't uncover twenty years ago was merely a piece of cake now." 
Shannon's face turned ashen from fear, quickly recalling everything that happened in Mary's room twenty years ago.
She indeed planned to poison Mary, but she failed, as that bitch caught her in the act.
Then she got into a fierce fight with Mary. She always thought that Mary was a pushover who could not stand up for herself, but Mary acted abnormally at that time, insisting on exposing her crimes. 
Therefore, amidst the struggle, Shannon accidentally pushed Mary off the balcony.
Coincidentally, there was nobody around when Mary hit the ground. That woman lay in a pool of blood, eerily beautiful. Even her death was as lovely as an oil painting with rich and vibrant colors. Shannon freaked out but still used her dress to immediately wipe off her fingerprints on the balcony's railing and footprints on the ground, then brought the poison away from the crime scene.
What other evidence could there be?
There could not be any evidence left at the scene!
###chapter1485
"I... I didn't... I didn't poison her!" Shannon stubbornly denied it to the end.
Axel ignored her denial, his tone heavy and stern. "Back then, you escaped from the crime scene in a panic but forgot to take this pill bottle with you. The case was ruled as a suicide, which made you let your guard down and not return to the scene.
"The Salvador family also sealed off that room, thinking it was haunted because someone died in it. Unexpectedly, their unintentional action helped the police preserve the crime scene to this day. The anti- depressants in this bottle were swapped out and left by Mary's bedside. The residue of the pills was still inside the bottle. After investigating, it was not fentanyl, but cyanide."
Cyanide?!
The crowd flew into an uproar. That was poison! Forget consuming it; even being in contact with it was lethal.
This woman was truly evil!
Shannon's mind was in a mess.
A murderer like her finally got a taste of how it felt to be wrongfully accused, and she desperately tried to defend herself. "I didn't! I didn't use that to poison Mary! You're framing me!" "Framing you? If I did, can you explain why your fingerprints are on that bottle?"
Axel's cold gaze was like a dagger. He pressed further. "Let me reconstruct the scene for everyone. After you entered her room, you found an excuse to trick Mrs. Salvador into taking her pills, causing her to die from poisoning. You were afraid of being exposed, so you threw her body off the balcony, disguising it as a suicide."
Shannon shook her head madly, almost breaking down. "No... It's not like that!"
Axel's brows furrowed as he slammed the table. "Shannon, let me tell you that Mrs. Salvador's body is still buried in the cemetery. As long as her family agrees, we could still extract her body for an autopsy. Even if she had only bones left, with the advanced technology now, we could still determine whether Mrs. Salvador died from impact or from poisoning."
"No! No! I didn't poison her!"
Shannon's skeletal hands grabbed the railing, her eyes bloodshot and crazed as she shook the bars that trapped her. "She wanted to hit me, so I got into a fight with her. I
accidentally pushed her down, but I
didn't poison her!" 
She blurted out the truth. It was true that they framed her, but the intense questioning was a tactic.
If Shannon indeed had a clear
conscience and was innocent, no matter how much people tried to deceive or trick her, she could never admit to something she had never done. 
As if waking up from a dream, Shannon's body turned stiff, and her blood ran cold. She immediately covered her mouth. However, it was too late.
Every word she said was heard clearly by everyone in court.
The courtroom was as silent as a grave.
Everyone's shocked and furious gazes focused on Shannon as if they wanted to tear her into pieces.
Gregory's face paled instantly. His hands, resting on his knees, gradually balled into trembling fists, and every vein in his body seemed frozen, rendering him immobile A surging wave of excruciating pain
spread out from his spasming heart, reaching every nerve ending.
In a daze, he thought of the words Justin left him the day at the cemetery when they confronted each other, which haunted him every night.
"My mother was not a weakling who sought relief through death! She died because of Shannon..."
###chapter1486
It was Shannon who pushed Mary down the stairs.
This deceitful, treacherous, and vicious woman had murdered the love of his life. Yet he was completely oblivious about it and kept this murderer by his side, doting on her for twenty whole years!
Shannon deserved to die a thousand deaths. But then again, was Gregory also not guilty of aiding and abetting the enemy?
Gregory gritted his teeth, his gaze filled with deep hatred, boring into Shannon's pale face. Memories of Mary's beautiful visage intertwined with the pain in his heart, haunting him like an inescapable nightmare Unconsciously, a tear slipped out of the corner of his eye.
He had not shed a single tear at Mary's funeral. But now, he felt an overwhelming urge to weep for her.
However, belated affection meant nothing. His belated tears were equally meaningless.
Hunter staggered backward, utterly stunned as he looked at Shannon, as if struck by a lightning bolt.
In this instant, he finally understood everything.
From the beginning, Axel's so-called evidence had never existed. His reconstruction of the crime scene was merely a pretext to place Shannon under intense interrogation. It was nothing more than a fabricated story.
Axel had set this trap from the very beginning and had methodically lured Shannon into stepping into it, driving her into an abyss of no return!
Hunter closed his eyes, tormented by a whirlwind of emotions. Even now, he was still trying to find a solution, but he had exhausted all his efforts and had nothing left to give. He had no more tricks up his sleeve.
Shannon confessed in court, admitting that she had pushed Justin's mother off the balcony in her own words.
Even God could not save her now!
Touched, the Thompsons' eyes teared up. Sasha almost let out a loud cry, but Mila quickly covered her mouth.
Asher's Adam's apple bobbed as he suppressed his intense emotions. He glanced at Ralph beside him. "You all truly orchestrated a brilliant play."
"Well, Axel, Bella, and I merely played our parts."
Ralph cast a look of admiration and respect at Justin's tall, upright figure. "The true mastermind is our incredibly resourceful brother-in-law. He followed the slightest clues to find the witness in Richmond and came up with the idea of presenting fabricated evidence in court to provoke Shannon, causing her to panic and confess. This guy is cunning and relentless!" 
Asher's heart trembled with a lingering fear. "What he did was incredibly risky. Even though Axel was willing to risk his entire career as a prosecutor to help pull off this daring performance, what if Shannon had been slick enough to hold out and not confide in it? What would you have done then?”
Ralph pondered for a moment, then smiled bitterly, "But, Ash, we had no other choice. It was a gamble, with everything on the line. If we hadn't taken the risk, there wouldn't have been any chance at all. In fact, believe that we're able to win the case this time because Justin's mother has been watching over him from beyond." 
Hearing this, Asher choked up, too moved to speak.
At this very moment, sitting in the front row, Bella clutched Justin's warm hand tightly, unable to hold back her tears.
"Finally... We won."
"Yeah, we finally won the case."
Justin gently wiped away the tears from the corner of Bella's eyes with his calloused fingertips. When he spoke, his voice was hoarse and filled with deep emotion. "Bella, thank you. I owe it to you, Axel, Steve, and Ralph... Thank you all. You all have given my mother the chance to rest in peace."
###chapter1487
"N-No...No! That's not true!!"
Shannon rattled in the iron cage, desperately struggling, and she roared ferociously at Axel, "Axel Thompson! How dare you trick me with fabricated evidence?! As a prosecutor, how could you present fabricated evidence in court?! This is an abuse of power! This is a breach of the law! Your evidence is invalid!"
Axel looked at her with mocking eyes, showing not a trace of fear.
Indeed, becoming a righteous prosecutor had been his lifelong aspiration. However, although using fabricated evidence came with the risk of suspension, he had no regrets.
Even if the person seeking justice were not Bella's beloved, even if the victim was not Justin's mother, he would still have done it without hesitation.
His duty was not just to follow the procedures but to become a beacon of justice, breaking through the overwhelming darkness at any cost.
"Well, if you claim the evidence is fake, you're right. This bottle isn't the original one, and it doesn't have your fingerprints. However, you confessed to the murder yourself and admitted to pushing the victim down the stairs. These are undeniable facts! If you had nothing to hide, no matter what evidence I presented or how I tricked you, you wouldn't have revealed everything!
"Shannon, you killed someone twenty years ago. And now, as the wife of a tycoon, you can have others do your dirty work, like hiring a hitman. While you may not get the death penalty for committing this crime, the long arm of the law will catch up with you. Today, you must pay for what you did twenty years ago!"
Every word Axel spoke left a deep, heavy impact on everyone's hearts.
The spectators went silent, the reporters outside the courtroom were quiet, and even the comment section of the live stream on the court's official website fell silent.
Yet, this silence was deafening.
Just then, a piercing noise came from the speakers on both sides of the courtroom ceiling.
Then, the recording Linny had risked her life to record began to play openly for all to hear.
The recording played only the most crucial parts, and everyone instantly recognized Shannon's voice. However, apart from the Salvadors and Bella, no one could immediately identify the other voice, which belonged to Bethany.
"What's going on? How is this recording being played?!"
The police officers immediately went backstage to check, and the judges were equally astonished.
Only Clarence remained composed. As a judge, it was his duty to maintain order in the courtroom. However, he chose to stay silent at this moment.
Drained of all strength, Shannon collapsed to her knees, her spirit utterly broken.
No matter how strong her mental fortitude was or how ruthless she was, she could not withstand this blow.
On the other side of the door, Bethany was trembling with fear, nearly biting her nails off.
"Bella, this recording... Was it you?" Justin tightly grasped Bella's small, soft hand, asking in astonishment.
Just as puzzled, Bella blinked her beautiful eyes. "It wasn't me. If I had planned something, I would've told you right away!"
Just then, her phone in her bag vibrated.
She quickly took it out and saw a message from her fourth brother, Drew.
[Little Sis, do you like the little surprise I prepared for you? (*^^*)]
Bella gasped and quickly replied. [Drew, was it you who played the recording?!]
[Who else among your brothers has
line
the skills to hack into the court's
system? Not even your man, my schoolmate, has my skills. II Hehe!] 
Bella narrowed her eyes.
[Bella: Drew, are you in love?]
иль
[Drew: In love? Heh, who still does that? Not even dogs fall for that nonsense!]
[Bella: Where did you learn how to type these cheeky emoticons then?]
[Drew: Hey, I'm just trying to lighten up the heavy atmosphere for you guys.]
Although Bella teased him, she felt warm inside.
She quickly showed Justin the chat history between her and Drew, and the two leaned their heads together intimately.
"When is Drew coming back? I have to thank him properly in person," Justin expressed his gratitude.
"Um... You scared him off with your drinking last time. So, I don't think he'll want to see you again for a while," Bella said helplessly.
Justin chuckled bitterly. Well, he had not even fully exerted his efforts yet.
The interlude in the courtroom came to an end, and everything returned to normal.
Clarence's face was stern as he banged the gavel forcefully. "Court is adjourned for now. We will reconvene at 3:00 p.m. to announce the verdict!"
Before Clarence left, Gregory, who was exuding a chilling aura, stood up and left without another glance.
Then, everyone he brought with him
е
stood up and left their seats. In the
blink of an eye, the once-packed
spectator seats became empty,
leaving only the Thompsons.
"Greg... That wasn't true! I didn't kill anyonel Greg!" Shannon knelt
I, crying out desperate the
toward Gregory's retreating figure. 
However, all she received in response was the heavy slam of the door.
###chapter1488
The resounding footsteps of the Salvadors disrupted the once spacious and tranquil hallway.
Gregory's expression was icy, his eyes tinged with red, exuding palpable fury as he strode forward, his entourage trailing behind him in silent compliance.
His secretary, Paul, followed closely behind Gregory, maintaining a stern expression, but feeling an indescribable relief because of the trial.
Paul had kept many things buried inside for too long.
He followed Gregory daily, watching Shannon enjoy everything that should have belonged to Mary. As a secretary, Paul could only lower his head in forced respect for Shannon, which made him grit his teeth in frustration and resentment.
Fortunately, God had finally served justice.
As he reflected on this, Paul cautiously asked, "Chairman Salvador, with the verdict announcement at 3:00 p.m., is there anything you need me to arrange beforehand? If you have any plans, I can assist..." Before he could finish his sentence, Gregory shot him a freezing glare, his voice hoarse as he said, "Am I crazy, or are you going crazy? Why should I keep saving a despicable, evil murderer?! She killed Mary She killed the woman I loved most! I'd rather kill her myself than save her!"
Even though many people were in the hallway, it fell into a deathly silence.
Paul immediately stepped aside, his hands falling to his sides, and he softly said, "Yes, Sir."
Gregory took a few more steps forward, only to have Bethany, looking distraught, bump into him head-on.
"Dad..."
Bethany came to an abrupt halt, standing rigidly in front of the stern-faced man, her heart pounding frantically in her chest, her legs trembling uncontrollably beneath her skirt. Expressionless, Gregory took a step toward her.
"Dad... Mom, she... Ah!"
Slap-!
With bloodshot eyes, Gregory raised his hand and delivered a harsh slap to the wicked girl!
Already weak from fear and anxiety, Bethany could not withstand the blow, collapsing to the ground with stars dancing before her eyes, unable to stand up.
But what hurt more than her face was her dignity. It shattered into pieces.
Gregory vented his anger for Shannon onto Bethany, showing no mercy in front of the rest of the Salvador Corporation employees.
"You ungrateful wretch! How dare you stand before me?!"
Gregory's eyes burned with a
crimson fury as he pointed a trembling finger at her stunned face. "Both you and Carrie are my daughters, yet your sister is so and kind... But you? You've
completely disappointed me! You've
always caused trouble we
were a child. Now that you're all grown up, you can't even tell right from wrong, letting that horrible woman lead you into these troubles!" 
The more Gregory spoke, the angrier and more resentful he became. His face contorted with rage. He felt like the effort and care he had invested over the past twenty years had all been in vain. At this moment, he wanted nothing more than to strike down this bringer of bad luck! 
"Bethany! As my eldest daughter, your grandfather and I raised you with love and affection. I had high hopes for you, and my care for you far exceeded that for your sister! But behind my back... What have you and your devilish mother been up
to?!" 
"Dad... I don't know... I don't know anything..." Bethany clutched her burning cheek, her eyes full of tears, as she tried to appear innocent and pitiful.
###chapter1489
"Everyone heard the recording in the courtroom earlier!"
Gregory was seething with anger, his breath ragged as he spoke through clenched teeth. "Others might not recognize your voice, but do you think I wouldn't? From the very beginning, you were aware of everything Shannon did. You knew about her plans to hire someone to murder someone else! Instead of informing me, you chose to aid her in concealing it?! Were you out of your mind?!" "N-No, I..."
"Do you know your actions amount to siding and aiding a criminal?! You're an accomplice! Do you wish to end up behind bars like Shannon?! Is that what you desire?!"
Bethany was terrified. She dropped to her knees before Gregory in a desperate state, tears streaming down her pale face as she pleaded, her hands trembling nervously. "Dad! I've made a grave mistake... I fully acknowledge that now! Everything I did... She forced me into doing them! She's my biological mother... She made me do it... I couldn't just say no to her! I was too filial... I was stupid!
She begged, "Please, don't let me go to jail. I'm your daughter, too... Can you really bear to see me behind bars?! Besides, how can the Salvadors afford to have another family member behind bars? This affected the Iversons severely! Do you also want our hard-built Salvador Corporation to collapse like the Iverson Group?!"
Gregory's dark pupils narrowed deeply. Suddenly, he shouted sternly, "Get out of my way!"
Scared, Bethany crawled away like a servant, making way for the emperor. She watched as Gregory passed by her.
The footsteps clattered past her, but not a single person stopped to help her, making her feel even more ashamed.
"Damn it! Damn it!"
Bethany pounded the ground fiercely with her hands, shouting and cursing in the empty hallway.
"Hey! This is a courthouse, not a donkey pen! If you want to yell, get out of here!" Two police officers came over and chased her away in disgust.
Bethany's face turned crimson with embarrassment as she exerted all her strength to get up from the ground clumsily.
Just as she wobbled to stand upright, she froze in place.
At the other end of the hallway, bathed in sunlight, were the Thompsons, observing her humiliating state with disdain.
Bethany, who used to approach Bella to engage in frivolous banter confidently, now did not dare to utter a word. Looking utterly disheveled, she fled the scene. "Tsk tsk... What an unfortunate sight for the family."
Sasha crossed her arms, sneering coldly, "Is this a genetic mutation? How could two individuals born from the same womb be so drastically different Carrie, the youngest daughter of the Salvador family, is such a lovely girl, while Bethany seems like she's straight out of a horrible book-rude, foolish, and wicked! I bet her unfortunate mother would be better off twenty years younger!" 
Mila looked puzzled. "Sasha, I find this quite strange, too. Among the four children of the Salvador family, Justin, Carrie, and even their eldest son, who lives in Meridan, were all outstanding individuals among the younger generations in Savrow. How did this Bethany girl turn out like a wild child picked up from the street, with such degraded character and lacking noble qualities?" 
Upon hearing this, Bella felt a faint suspicion arise in her heart.
Upon closer inspection, not only in terms of character, Bethany seemed to bear little resemblance to Chairman Salvador. Even when they were standing together, one could hardly imagine that they were father and daughter. 
"Bella, Bella? What's going on? You seem lost in thought." Justin's warm and solid hand gently squeezed her waist, his voice soft and low.
Bella leaned against him, her lips curling slightly. "It's nothing. I was just pondering."
###chapter1490
At precisely 3:00 p.m., the court adjourned as scheduled.
Still broadcasting live, the courtroom had familiar faces of the presiding judge, prosecutor, plaintiff, and defendant.
However, unlike the bustling crowd of the morning, the audience now consisted only of Bella, Justin, and their close friends and family, creating a stark and chilling emptiness.
None of the Salvador family members were present. Even Bethany, Shannon's daughter, was too embarrassed to stay. Handcuffed, the authorities led Shannon and Winston back to their cells once again, depriving them of any dignity. Behind the cold iron bars, Shannon, her hair disheveled, glanced numbly at the audience.
Seeing only the Thompsons, her features twisted, and she burst into laughter.
Clarence furrowed his brows, tapping his gavel and sternly reminding her, "Defendant, please remain silent!" Hunter's expression was strained, barely held together, as if he were to collapse with the slightest breeze. In simpler terms, he looked utterly defeated.
Steven helped Linny's grandmother slowly to the plaintiff's seat, gently patting her back to calm her down.
The eighty-year-old woman had barely endured the tumultuous morning session. She was too anxious to eat much at noon, waiting agonizingly for the court's final verdict on these two criminals. Seeing this, Steven felt a bitter ache in his heart. He was deeply distressed by her suffering.
He had spent countless nights
preparing for this trial, determined to
present the case and ensure Shannon got what she deserved. Yet he knew his efforts alone would not have been enough. Without Bella and Justin's strategic planning and Axel's crucial intervention, Shannon would never have pleaded guilty in court. 
Everyone noticed one difference in Clarence from the morning session. This time, he was wearing glasses.
Outsiders might now know about this, but the Lovett brothers were well aware of their sibling's habits.
Clarence was quite image-conscious and had significant myopia, so he usually wore contact lenses in public.
However, during extremely serious, solemn, and important occasions, he would wear glasses as part of a personal ritual.
The courtroom was utterly silent.
Clarence stood up solemnly, holding the judgment paper with both hands, his words clear and resonant as he announced, "I will now read the verdict for the defendant Winston's intentional homicide case." Everyone held their breath, while Winston's expression lacked the bleakness expected, even showing a hint of subtle relief.
As a foreigner, he knew that, with
Shannon sharing the blame, he would likely serve twenty years here before getting deported back to Terranova. In twenty years, even at almost fifty years old, he would still have a chance to rebuild his life. 
With this thought, a dark, smug smile tugged at Winston's lips.
Clarence paused briefly before continuing with a powerful voice. "After careful investigation, we have confirmed that the defendant, Winston, had brutally murdered the victim and fled abroad for personal gain. The Savrow People's Court finds the defendant guilty. His crime of taking a life for money and showing no remorse, fleeing abroad to resist capture, is particularly heinous and poses a severe threat to society. Therefore, the court must impose severe punishment on him. Thus, for the crime of intentional homicide, the defendant, Winston, is sentenced to death and deprived of political rights for life. The court will also confiscate all of his personal assets."
###chapter1491
Sentenced to death...
The court had sentenced Winston to death!
In Winston's mind, it was like a colossal bomb exploding. He could not hear and did not want to listen to what Clarence had to say next. Instead, he gripped the railing uncontrollably and shouted, "How could you sentence me to death?! I'm a foreigner! Are you trying to mess with me because I'm unfamiliar with the law?! Even if someone were to sentence me, it shouldn't be by you... My country should've been the one to repatriate me... My country's court should've been the one to judge me! You cannot impose the death penalty on me!"
Clarence glanced at Winston's pale and sinister face with a smirk, coldly raising his voice. "You want to talk about the law with me? Fine then. Let me enlighten you with some basic legal principles. According to the regulations in 'Jurisdiction Immunity of Diplomatic Representatives in Criminal Matters', diplomatic channels resolve the criminal liability of foreigners who enjoy diplomatic privileges and immunities. Winston, what makes you think you have the qualifications or status to enjoy this privilege? Besides, foreign nationals who commit crimes within our country are subject to our laws, just like our citizens. However, authorities may give a slight chance to escape punishments to certain individuals who enjoy diplomatic privileges and immunities. But you, Winston, clearly do not belong to that category." Winston trembled fiercely. "N-No, that's impossible..."
"Besides, your embassy contacted us right after the morning session ended. They stated that they wouldn't intervene in your case any longer and have fully handed it over to us for trial. Since you don't have rights to immunity, according to the principle of territorial jurisdiction, our court has the right to judge you according to our law. Now that the court has established the facts of your intentional homicide, we can legally sentence you to death."
"I did kill someone, but that vile woman, Shannon, forced me to do so! I had no choice!"
Winston glared viciously at Shannon. "I was just an accomplice! Shannon is the mastermind! She manipulated me! She deserves the death penalty!"
Shannon, her eyes bloodshot, glared and rudely spat at Winston without any decorum, covering his face with spit.
Despite the courtroom setting, Shannon's current appearance resembled that of a crazed woman rather than the dignified and elegant tycoon's wife, almost causing the Thompsons to burst out laughing. "She's certainly something. Even now, she refuses to admit defeat." Bella squinted her clear eyes.
"That's the nature of a villain."
Justin's cold, starry eyes watched the two in the cell, his thin lips curling into a sharp smirk. "Let her be arrogant. After all, it's her final chance to act like this in this life."
Shannon and Winston were on the verge of fighting when the police officers intervened and restrained them.
Clarence's expression revealed deep disgust.
In his many years of service, he had encountered countless brazed, evil, and perverse criminals, but these two were the first to make him so irritated that he wished he could throw his gavel at them. 
"Next, I will announce the verdict for the defendant, Shannon Quarry's, case of hiring a hitman and intentional homicide."
Shannon stopped engaging with Winston. Instead, she fixed her bloodshot eyes on the judge's bench. Her reddened eyeballs looked like they were about to pop out of their sockets.
In a daze, she could smell not only
the scent of rust but also a nauseating, rotting stench, as if someone had buried a long-dead
animat beneath her feet. Invisible waves of foul odor rose ando enveloped her tightly. 
Her nostrils flared as she sniffled around the cell like a dog, desperately searching for the source of the smell.
"After thorough investigation, we
have confirmed that the defendant, Shannon Quarry, had secretly hired Winston to brutally murder Linny, who had discovered her secret, to cover up her murder of Mary twenty years ago. Her methods were cruel,
and her actions were heinous Therefore, the Savrow Intermediate
People's Court sentences, the
defendant Shannon to thirty years in
prison for incitement and hiring a
hitman." When Clarence announced
Shannon's verdict, his tone got
colder and harsher than when he
delivered Winston's verdict. 
Shannon shuddered.
Thirty years... Would she even be alive by then?
###chapter1492
Shannon might still be alive then. But does she actually have to spend thirty years behind bars?
If she kept appealing, maintained a good facade, behaved well, and slowly worked things out behind the scenes, who knows? The authorities might release her after she serves just ten years! A sinister sense of hope sprouted in Shannon's heart. However, the authorities quickly crushed her small flame of hope.
"Furthermore, concerning the fall of the victim, Mary, twenty years ago, the evidence is now irrefutable, and the defendant, Shannon Quarry, has confessed to committing the crime in court. Given her strong motive, premeditated actions, lack of remorse, and attempts to cover up the crime by bribing and threatening witnesses, destroying evidence, and evading justice for two decades, her actions are far more heinous than those of Winston and are utterly unforgivable."
As Clarence spoke, his voice grew louder and more intense. His sharp eyes behind his glasses were tinged with anger. "Therefore, for the crimes of incitement to murder, intentional homicide, destruction of evidence, and obstruction of justice, the defendant, Shannon Quarry, is sentenced to death! She will no longer have political rights, and the authorities will confiscate all her assets."
Boom-!
With a deafening roar, Shannon felt a massive weight crash down on her, overwhelming her. She collapsed suddenly, unable to support herself any longer.
'Death sentence. Death sentence. Death sentence.'
Her vision darkened with despair and terror. She even reached out with her bony hands, clawing at the air as if she had truly gone blind.
The verdict was clear and resounding. It left a profound impact on everyone present.
In the public gallery, Sasha got so excited she nearly shouted, while Celeste and Amelia hugged each other in tears. Even the always elegant and reserved Mila quietly wiped away a tear with her silk handkerchief.
Ralph's hands, resting on his knees, trembled as he clenched them tightly. Beside him, Asher took a deep breath, a satisfied smile playing on his lips.
Just then, his phone vibrated in his pocket.
Asher took it out and saw a message from Arnold. His heart skipped a beat as he opened the chat.
[The old witch finally got sentenced! Congratulations!]
Asher's lips curled slightly as he replied. [Thanks.]
[Arnold: Mr. Thompson, how are you going to reward me for this? Hmm?]
[Asher: Why should I reward you? You didn't even help out.]
[Arnold: Who says I didn't? I've been in the courtroom's livestream since the morning session, constantly cursing Shannon until my fingers are about to break! Even if I didn't contribute, I still put in the effort, right?] 
A few more seconds went by.
[Arnold: Why aren't you replying to me?]
[Asher: I did, with silence.]
[Arnold: Damn it! You're so good at this, Ash! Well done! ()]
[Asher: So, what reward do you want?]
[Arnold: Hmm... Let me think about it. I'll tell you when you get home.]
The man's cool throat tightened.
Unexpectedly, the words 'when you get home' stirred up a whirlwind of emotions in Asher's heart.
Overwhelmed with joy, Bella could
not hold back and silently cried in Justin's embrace. Her tears, filled with genuine emotion, soaked through his shirt, melting his heart. 
"Bella... My mother's long-awaited revenge today is all thanks to your Justin whispered gently, patting her and expressing his gratitude.
###chapter1493
Yet, unbeknownst to himself, tears welled up in Justin's eyes.
Justin thought, 'Mom, if you're in heaven, you're definitely hearing this, right?'
"Didn't he say thirty years... How did it end up being the death penalty?!"
Shannon's cheeks twitched uncontrollably, as if her nerves had died. Her face was pale, as if drained of blood. "You're sentencing me unfairly! I'll appeal! I'll appeal!"
Hunter gripped the table's edge, supporting himself as if he had lost all strength.
All this time, he was an undefeated, top-notch lawyer.
But this time, he had fallen hard.
He experienced defeat and lost to the one he despised the most-Steven.
"You have the right to appeal, but don't disrupt the courtroom by yelling. It's pointless, and it won't change anything," Clarence coldly warned the nearly mentally unstable woman, his frustration beyond words.
At the plaintiff's table, upon hearing the firm final verdict, Linny's grandmother finally felt her long-burdened heart drop heavily. Overwhelmed with emotions, she could not help but weep in the courtroom. Two police officers forcibly lifted Shannon from the ground, only to be surprised by the puddle beneath her.
Under the crushing weight of the verdict, this woman, with her history of committing crimes, had not even realized she had lost control of her bladder again.
In the serene cemetery, the scent of grass and trees wafted through the air.
After the trial concluded, Wilma,
sitting cross-legged in front of
Mary's tombstone, slowly closed her
tablet. She wiped her tears of excitement from her cheeks and gazed at the gentle smile of the woman before her, softly murmuring, "Madam, are you seeing this? Young Master and Young Madam have finally avenged you. After twenty years... This day has finally come." 
Though delayed, justice has finally prevailed.
After the verdict, not only Bella and Justin could not calm their excited hearts for a long time, but even the netizens in the courtroom livestream spontaneously stayed there,
unwilling to leave. 
This trial had a tremendous impact.
Previously they thought Justin was no different from those
second-generation scions born with a silver spoon. Besides worrying about spending endless money, what else could trouble him? 
However, they were completely wrong.
Justin was supposed to be the legitimate son of the Salvador family, but Shannon, a woman who climbed to power by killing his biological mother, suppressed and smeared him.
Enduring such humiliation was beyond the imagination and endurance of ordinary people.
Fortunately, justice eventually prevailed. He finally avenged his mother's deep-seated grievances.
The long night eventually ended, welcoming the dawn.
Hunter, who lost the lawsuit, fled like a defeated soldier, not even daring to exit through the courthouse's front door like he usually would with his usual air of arrogance. However, as soon as he stepped out, he heard a smack, and he felt his forehead throbbing in pain.
He froze, eyes wide open. Then he slowly raised his hand.
A thick and yellow liquid flowed down his cheek and landed in his trembling hand. It was none other than a rotten egg.
###chapter1494
Hunter's meticulously combed hair hung disheveled, soaked in the stench of rotten egg soup. Before he could react, one rotten egg bomb after another came raining down on him.
"You heartless attorney! A lackey of profit-seeking tycoons! How dare you defend a murderer like Shannon?! Did the dogs gnaw away your conscience?!"
Then a rotten tomato splattered on him. Its crimson juice splashed everywhere.
"You despicable scoundrel! You're a soulless scum! As a lawyer, you lack basic conscience! How many innocent people have you betrayed to wipe the rich's backside?! You have no right to be a lawyer! You're an insult to the legal profession!"
Another rotten egg came flying, hitting Hunter square in the face. The stench was so strong that he could not even open his eyes.
"You cruel monster! Go to hell!"
"You should go to hell with Shannon!"
"You should die! Go to hell!"
Hunter's pristine suit was now completely ruined. Shivering all over, he looked around in panic, trying to push his way out of the crowd surrounding him.
But the enraged crowd formed a human wall around him. Some even took advantage of the chaos to punch and kick him!
Trapped in chaos, Hunter, the esteemed "No. 1 Lawyer in Savrow", who usually fought for justice for the wealthy and powerful businessmen, could not wield the legal weapons to protect himself this time. It was both tragic and funny.
"If you dare to hit me again... I'll sue you all..."
Before Hunter could even finish his sentence, a dark, hefty stone arched through the air and struck his head with a resounding thud.
The next moment, his vision went red. His eyes rolled back, and he fell heavily to the ground.
As Steven left the courtroom, he could not contain his overflowing emotions. In the presence of the Thompson family elders, he embraced Amelia tightly.
"Amelia, I didn't do well enough this time... I've let you all down." Steven's eyes were teary with guilt, his arms firmly holding the girl's delicate frame.
"No way, Steve. You did absolutely amazing. You did really well... Don't belittle yourself," Amelia reassured him softly, understanding his strong sense of duty and responsibility. She did not want him to feel guilty.
"Celeste, how do you feel about Steve now?"
Watching the affectionate couple, Mila asked with a knowing smile, "This time, you're seeing your future son-in-law in a better light, right?"
Seeing her daughter's blissful smile, Celeste felt a trace of bitterness in her heart, ashamed of the times she nearly destroyed her daughter's happiness.
She walked over to them, speaking gently, "Steve."
Steven immediately bowed respectfully. "Madam Celeste."
"Mom..." Amelia shyly stepped out of Steven's embrace, but their hands remained tightly clasped.
"Steve, in the past... I've said many harsh things. It was all my fault. I'm sorry about that," Celeste said with genuine humility, sincerely apologizing without any elder's pretense.
Amelia looked surprised. "Mom, you..."
Steven's eyes widened. Then he waved his hands in panic, nearly losing his composure. "Please don't say that, Madam Celeste! I never felt like you said anything too harsh to me. You don't need to apologize. It's me who should be apologizing There were several times when Ms. Amelia was in danger, and failed to protect her immediately. It was due to my lack of strength and
capability. But please rest assured, from now on, even if it costs my life, I'll never do anything to harm your daughter. I swear!" 
Celeste's words deeply humbled him.
How could he afford to hold a grudge against his future mother-in-law if he hoped to marry into the family?
Celeste smiled warmly, nodding in
approval, before turning to her
daughter. "Amelia, you must get
along well, with Steve. Don't use your
status to bully him. Steve, my
daughter might seem gentle and obedient, but she is quite
opinionated. You'll have to look after
her closely." 
A few seconds of silence passed before Amelia covered her mouth, nearly bursting into tears from excitement.
Steven felt a warm surge through his body, his heart pounding.
Although Celeste's words were subtle, they conveyed her full support for their relationship.
Bella and Justin stood nearby, sweetly leaning into each other, enjoying the rare moment of peace and warmth after the dust had settled. "It's finally over."
"Yeah. It's over."
Justin lowered his head to kiss
Bella's forehead. His heated lips moved toward her flushed earlobes as he whispered tenderly, "Let me help you with your bath tonight. You must be exhausted." 
Bella blushed, her eyes sparkling with anticipation. However, she insisted stubbornly. "No matter how tired I am, I can still bathe myself."
"Bella, just take pity on me. Don't be so cruel, hmm?" Justin pleaded, his handsome eyebrows knitted together as he spoke in a soft, coaxing tone.
Bella's rosy lips parted. As she prepared to respond, lan's bright voice rang out from a distance.
"Mr. Salvador! Young Madam! What goes around, comes around! It's time to celebrate!"
###chapter1495
lan rushed over with red and teary eyes, appearing as if he had just cried.
As Justin's most loyal secretary, lan had witnessed his boss carrying a heavy burden of hatred throughout their journey, enduring hardships and obstacles to reach this moment. When the judge announced the verdict, he burst into tears outside the courtroom, crying as if he were a baby.
"Is everything outside taken care of?" Justin asked with a faint smile, his hand around Bella.
lan nodded enthusiastically, his voice still trembling with excitement. "Yes, everything is settled. By the way, my phone has been ringing non-stop. Almost all the famous media outlets across the country have sent interview invitations to you!"
"I never accept any interview invitations," Justin replied calmly.
"I knew it! So, I politely declined them all on your behalf!"
His excited emotions still unsettled, lan continued, "By the way, considering the recent events, would you like to hold a press conference? After all, your mother's identity is now fully exposed, and your previously less-than-ideal status as an illegitimate child is now proven false. So, what do you think? Should we hold a press conference to clear your mother's name and yours?"
Bella lifted her head and gazed deeply at the exceptionally handsome man, her gaze carrying a hint of complexity.
"During this period, Bella has worked hard for me, and I haven't had much time to accompany her properly. Now that the big revenge is over, I don't have the mood to hold any press conferences. I just want to be with Bella. I would like us to go out and relax." Justin rubbed her forehead against Bella's intimately as they both smiled.
Indeed, they were delighted. Everything seemed so clear and bright. Even the air around them felt sweet.
"It's not like that... We managed to bring Shannon down this time because of your meticulous efforts. I didn't do much," Bella shyly pressed her cherry lips together, unwilling to take credit at a moment like this. "Bella, if it weren't for you and your family setting aside past grievances to help me, my path of revenge wouldn't have been so smooth, nor would it have ended so perfectly. I owe you and your family forever. In the future, if any of your family members need help, I will spare no effort to assist them." Justin pledged each word solemnly, his gaze sparkling like stars in the dark sky.
Bella's beautiful almond eyes curved into crescents as she tiptoed to peck Justin's lips, causing a tingling sensation in his chest. The desire in his eyes surged, and his large palm, resting on her slender waist, restlessly caressed her.
"But I heard that Chairman Salvador is already preparing to abandon Shannon and will issue a statement on behalf of the corporation in the upcoming days. I wonder if he will acknowledge your mother's identity." As lan thought about Shannon, that wicked woman, who had arrogantly held onto Mary's status for so long, he felt a deep-seated resentment.
Justin's expression darkened instantly. "I don't need Gregory to acknowledge my mother's identity. She's only my mother and has no relation to the entire Salvador family or Gregory. I don't want my mother's name to be associated with that man's name. It feels like an insult to my mother."
Bella sighed softly, her heart aching.
Even though they had avenged Justin's mother, she would not come back to life. He had let go of his hatred, but the pain in his heart would never heal.
That meant he and Gregory would never reconcile.
"Although I won't hold any press conferences or issue any statements, I'll establish a charity foundation in my mother's name to care for women and children who have suffered hardships in society. This foundation belongs only to me and my mother, with no relation to the Salvadors."
"Once you establish the foundation, I'll be the first to donate."
Bella held Justin's large palms with her soft hands. Facing each other, she playfully shook his arms from side to side, exuding a girly innocence. "I'll donate a lot, but not in the name of the Thompson family. I'll donate in my own name."
"Bella, you don't have to do it. Your intention to do so is more than enough." Justin loved her so much that he wanted to give her everything he had. How could he possibly use his wife's savings to get money? How dare he try to freeload off Bella when he has not even married into their wealthy family?
"Hehe! Actually, I'm here to tell you both some great news!"
lan's face lit up as if he had just relieved years of constipation. He was smiling with relief. "Just now, right at the courthouse entrance, a group of righteous individuals beat Hunter up. He was bleeding from his head and passed out. The court's security personnel had to take him to the hospital." 
Bella's eyes turned icy as she shook her head. "He brought this upon himself. He can't blame anyone else for this."
"Hunter has been doing all sorts of despicable things these years, trying to please various powerful figures, committing countless atrocities è behind the scenes, trampling on the rights of ordinary civilians, exploiting legaloopholes to exonerate those wealthy merchants, and aiding and abetting them in their wrongdoing. Now, his own demons have finally consumed him." 
Justin's expression turned stern. "This is the consequence of associating yourself with villains and being complicit in their deeds."
"And that's not all!"
lan's eyes sparkled with excitement.
"I've heard that now, in the whole of
Savrow, the bosses of more than a dozen law firms have united to report Hunter's numerous crimes of abusing power and being an accomplice to the wealthy to the Ministry of Justice and the Bak Association. The Ministry of Justice has already initiated an investigation against him, and the Bar Association will revoke his lawyer's license soon! Hmph! That Hunter guy, who can't even keep his mouth shut when he's eating shit, is finally experiencing the bitterness of defeat. Everyone is turning against him now." 
Bella and Justin exchanged a smile.
People like Hunter, who have committed so many wrongdoings, do not even need their intervention to take him down. There are plenty of people queueing up to take him down.
"By the way, lan, did you see Axel when you came over from there?" Bella noticed that everyone was present except for the great hero, Axel.
"Ah, I didn't run into Young Master Axel, but I did meet Ms. Roza!"
"Roza? She's here?!" The couple exchanged surprised glances.
At this moment, Axel held a large bouquet of vibrant sunflowers, symbolizing victory. He grabbed his colleague who brought him the flowers and urgently asked, "Um, that girl who asked you to hand me the flowers... Where did she go?!"
###chapter1496
Actually, Roza had prepared the flowers ahead of time.
She knew that this battle would be in the bag. With Axel involved, victory was assured.
After anonymously sending the flowers, Roza hurriedly and quietly walked toward the parking lot alone. Her long lashes fluttered gently, and her heart trembled softly.
She recalled Axel's performance in the courtroom. He looked so sharp in a sleek black prosecutor's robe and exuded a confident and passionate energy as he passionately debated and presented the arguments.
He looked so handsome as he effortlessly exposed the true nature of the villains. Just picturing it made her blush, and her heart raced wildly.
"Since you're here, shouldn't you at least say hello before leaving, Ms. Walker?"
A familiar voice came from behind, clear and close to her ear.
Roza suddenly halted her steps. She took a deep breath and slowly turned around.
Axel stood tall, still dressed in his prosecutor's robe. His long legs were striding effortlessly as he walked up to her. "Also, shouldn't you explain the meaning behind the flowers you sent me?" Roza tried her best to compose herself, and she met his cheerful gaze with confidence.
"Sunflowers and lilies represent victory."
Axel tilted his head and leaned slightly toward her. He said with a smile, "Oh, I thought the flowers meant that you liked me."
Roza's heart raced as she squinted. "Prosecutor Thompson, you've got quite the sense of humor."
"Humor?" Axel paused, his eyes searching hers. "Are you teasing me again? First a kiss, now flowers... I wonder what's next. I'm actually looking forward to it."
"Then you can keep looking, as there won't be a next time anyway."
Roza felt an inexplicable surge of annoyance, turning to leave.
Axel suddenly pinned her against the wall, the muscles of his arms tensing beneath the fabric of his suit, making it slightly taut. "Ms. Walken what are you trying to do?
I.net
Tease me? Do you find it amusing to
play with me like this?" 
He was a bachelor by nature, never really involved in such situations. His words came out harsher than he intended, almost hurtful.
Roza laughed with reddened eyes. "What's wrong, Prosecutor Thompson? Can't handle a little game?"
Axel's competitive side kicked in all
of a sudden, a smirk forming on his
lips. "We're not done playing yet. How can you be sure I can't handle it? Ms. Walker, you mentioned
playe
before that you didn't mind. didn't mind
games with me. I'm the type who enjoys seeking thrills. If you don't want to get serious, then can accompany you in this little game." 
Roza felt her heart pound with sudden despair as a bitter sensation filled her chest.
She knew Axel was a good man, but if she missed this opportunity, there might not be another one.
But with her broken family and her own inner struggles beneath her composed facade, was she really good enough for him?
Axel was not just a random person. He was Bella's beloved brother.
She didn't feel worthy of love, and she didn't want to be a burden, but deep down...
"Prosecutor Thompson, since we've come this far in our conversation, it would be rude if I didn't accept your challenge."
Roza cleared the dark thoughts in her mind and her smile instantly brightened. She looped her pinky in front of him. "We'll just have fun with no emotional commitment. Let's make a pinky promise on it 
Axel lowered his gaze.
He hesitated, feeling a twinge of bitterness. But in that moment, he reached for his chest, took off the gold badge he had worn for almost ten years, and placed it gently in her hand.
###chapter1497
Axel said, "Once you've had enough of this game, return it to me."
Roza's eyes wavered as she felt that the badge in her hand was particularly dazzling, resembling a star.
Although Bella and Justin had won the battle and were rejuvenated by the victory, their minds and spirits had been tense over the past few days. Once they relaxed, they felt physical and mental fatigue. All they wanted was to head home swiftly and collapse into bed for a peaceful night's sleep.
As soon as they got into the car, Justin's phone rang.
Bella glanced at it and saw that it was a call from Ryan. She couldn't help but feel her heart tightening. "Justin, answer it quickly. I'm afraid something might have happened to Carrie!" Justin furrowed his brows slightly and answered, "Ryan, what's wrong?"
"Justin, are you with Bella at the moment?" Ryan sounded really worried, and his voice was shaky. "Can you guys come over to my place now? Carrie has been crying nonstop because of Shannon's situation... I can't really console her. I'm afraid she'll fall sick if this continues! Can you please come by? She's closest to Bella. Maybe Bella can help comfort her?"
The couple hurriedly made their way to Ryan's house. From a distance, they could see Yasmin already standing at the door, waiting patiently.
"Yasmin, how is Carrie? And where's Ryan?"
Bella and Justin hurried over to her, holding hands and looking concerned.
Yasmin was usually calm and collected, but now she looked really worried. "Mr. Salvador, Ms. Thompson, you're here at last... Young Madam's not doing well. It seems like her illness has relapsed." Upon hearing the word "relapsed", it pained both of them deeply.
"Young Madam used to listen to Young Master Hoffman the most, but even he couldn't persuade her this time... I'm really afraid something will happen to her."
Yasmin was visibly emotional, expressing real worry for her boss. "You guys don't understand. The Young Master has done everything he can, but I've never seen him so worried and lost before." The more Bella listened, the more distressed she felt. She hurried toward the villa.
"Carrie! Carrie! Please stop crying... Don't cry anymore!"
vel.net
Carrie was curled up in the corner of the living room, crouching on the ground with her hands tightly clenched She was trembling uncontrollably and sobbing inconsolably, her small face as as wax paper, and her once clear, doe-like eyes now swollen shut. 
pale
Ryan crouched down in front of her, embracing her tightly. His dark shirt was rumpled, and there were stains of blood on his face from where she had inadvertently scratched him during her outburst. "Just please stop crying... I'll do anything! Whatever it takes!" 
"Mom... I want to see my mom..." Carrie's lips trembled, and her voice was hoarse.
Ryan's crimson eyes narrowed sharply. "No, that's not possible."
"Why not?! My mom is dying... Can't I at least visit her before it's too late? Can't I?!" Carrie protested, pushing the man she deeply cared for away with all her might.
"Shannon killed Justin's mother. She's a heartless murderer! Why would you even want to see someone like her?!"
Ryan's eyes were bloodshot, and for the first time, he shouted at her with such intensity that even he didn't expect it to come to this. "Has she ever looked after you when you were little? Has she ever treated you like her own daughter and cared for you?! Some people don't deserve to be called mothers, even if they were the ones who gave birth to you!" 
"But... She's dying!"
###chapter1498
"So what?!" Carrie looked at Ryan in total shock. Her eyes were wide and growing even redder, like they were about to burst.
Ryan was at a loss for words, and his hands froze helplessly in mid-air. He panicked and stammered. "Carrie... I made a mistake. That's not what I meant... I.....”
He forgot that no matter how awful Shannon's actions were, she was still Carrie's mother.
Ryan had always been cold and ruthless. Even Yasmin, who had been through so much with him, was sometimes scared of how cold he could be. He believed he could unapologetically give up things that others held dear. If he could do it, surely others could do it too, even if it meant enduring great pain.
Suddenly, Carrie screamed as if she didn't recognize him anymore. Taking advantage of his distraction, she violently pushed him away and ran toward the door without looking back.
"Carrie!" Ryan was completely shocked, feeling his blood run cold in response.
"Carrie!"
Thankfully, Bella and Justin showed up just in time to stop Carrie, who had become uncontrollable.
"Carrie, it's me, your brother! Can you please calm down?" Justin said as he held his sister close, feeling an intense pain in his heart.
Seeing Carrie's pale face and faint signs of convulsions, Bella made a quick decision and spoke in a firm tone, "Is there any sedative at home? Quick, bring it out. I'll give her an injection!" Following Bella's command, Yasmin was about to get it, but Ryan urgently intervened. "No! We can't give Carrie that medicine again!"
He adored her so much. How could he bring himself to inject her with needles? After the first time it was used, Ryan never let them do it to her again.
The lively and beautiful girl turned into a motionless and frail figure in his arms after that shot.
He didn't want Carrie to go through that pain again.
"Don't give her the injection! I can calm her down!" Ryan's eyes were teary, but he stood his ground.
"If you really could, Carrie wouldn't
be in this state right now!" Bella, who had also been part of the Salvador family for three years and was a
doctor herself, knew exactly how to
deal with this situation. 
Her tone grew firmer as she said, "Are you the one with a medical degree, or am I? Carrie may be someone you care about, but she's also my sister! Trust me, Yasmin! Go get the sedative!" "Yes, Ms. Thompson!" Yasmin still had faith in Bella, so she quickly obliged.
With the sedative in hand, Justin
embraced Carrie, while Yasmin held her arms to prevent her from moving. It seemed as if two medical personnel were holding down a
mentally ill patient who was out of
control. 
Bella furrowed her brows as she skillfully inserted the needle into Carrie's fair and delicate skin, slowly injecting the medication into the vein. Justin's brow furrowed in response.
Ryan, the one who loved Carrie the most, now seemed like a helpless bystander, watching from the sidelines, unable to do anything.
As the sedative took effect, Carrie's eyes gradually became unfocused, and she slowly lost strength in Justin's arms, closing her eyes heavily.
"Carrie..."
Unable to bear it any longer, Ryan rushed forward and snatched Carrie back from Justin's embrace. His eyes seemed to gleam with a hint of madness as he held Carrie tightly, refusing to let go. "What's going on, Ryan?" Justin's tone was stern and filled with anger. "You let her watch the trial? Are you out of your mind?!"
Bella was also furious and teamed
up with Justin to scold Ryan. "Even if Shannon deserves all the criticism, she's still Carrie's biological mother And it's not like you don't know about Carrie's condition. Are you purposely trying to push her buttons? It's a tough reality that even ordinary people find hard to accept. You're bombarding her with it head-on. It's no wonder she's losing it!"
###chapter1499
Yasmin felt extremely uneasy seeing the anguish and pain in Ryan's crimson eyes.
In truth, she had never agreed with Ryan's "tough love" approach. She felt it was too cruel for someone as fragile as Carrie. But the reality of Shannon facing a death sentence couldn't stay hidden forever. It was best to address it now rather than let it become a bigger problem later on.
It was better to face the harsh truth now than suffer long-term pain.
Yasmin realized she had underestimated how much influence Ryan had over Carrie, or how intense and unpredictable the gentle and obedient Carrie could become during a relapse.
"Yasmin, take Carrie back to her room to rest," Justin said as he turned toward Ryan worriedly. "Ryan, you're not in good condition either. Let Yasmin take care of Carrie for now."
Yasmin gently lifted Carrie from Ryan's embrace and gracefully took her upstairs, moving with steady steps.
Bella and Justin were stunned. This female secretary, who has been raised by Ryan since childhood, could easily rival a man in strength.
"I just wanted Carrie to be able to accept reality. I didn't expect it to turn out like this," Ryan muttered, his voice filled with regret.
Ryan experienced a deep sense of emptiness. His chest felt suffocated, and he struggled to catch his breath. His body and mind felt like they were under intense pressure. "Shannon never truly cared about Carrie... I thought... I thought Carrie had come to terms with this. I didn't think she would."
"You only thought! Have you ever considered Carrie's feelings at all?!" Bella was even angrier now. She strode up to Ryan, grabbed his collar, and continued, "From the moment you flirted with Carrie and brought her to live with you, you kept her away from Shannon and the Salvador family."
"You even forced her to face the
Hoffman family, only for her to be scrutinized by your grandfather and mother! And now you're imposing your thoughts on her and assuming she can accept and bear them! Where does your inexplicable confidence come from?! Have you ever really thought about Carrie? Have you ever considered her perspective? Have you ever cared about her feelings?!" 
"Bella..." Justin's gaze froze. He wanted to persuade her, but he feared saying too much would backfire. After all, he wasn't exactly adept with words either.
Ryan recalled everything that had happened, feeling a pang in his heart as regret clouded his mind.
He had indeed never asked if Carrie liked or wanted any of it. Her obedience, gentleness, and compliance often made him overlook her true thoughts. Every time he proposed something, she would say, "Okay."
Every time he gave her something, even the lovemaking that nearly broke her back every night, she would say, "I like it."
"I like it. I really like Ryan."
But this time, Ryan suddenly felt that he was wrong. He thought he was thinking about her, believing himself to be selfless and noble, but he had never considered if this was what Carrie wanted. Could she really bear it? 
"Ryan, you and Carrie may both come from wealthy families, but both of you are different people from completely different backgrounds. What you need to do is have enough love and patience for her, not disregard her feelings and forcibly tether her to you, or even isolate her from the world and cut off her normal social needs by confining her!" 
Bella complained angrily, suddenly releasing her grip. Ryan, who was as tall as Justin, was shocked, and he staggered weakly at that moment.
"I've told you a thousand times that what you're doing is not beneficial to Carrie's condition. You should let her go out more and try to make friends. She needs to have her own life instead of being your pet!"
###chapter1500
"Carrie has always had a natural talent for art, especially painting. It seems like she could have a promising career as an artist. Have you ever considered supporting her passion more seriously? Why didn't you hire a teacher to teach her painting? Why didn't you send her to further her studies at an advanced institution? Is her talent just a source of entertainment for you? Do you realize that spending all your time together might be holding her back from reaching her full potential?"
Ryan's chest ached and throbbed with pain. "I never held Carrie back... I never stopped her. It's always been Carrie for me my whole life! You and Justin knew right from the beginning that I wanted to marry her!"
"Why bother marrying her? You would just be repeating the same thing, or possibly even worse."
Bella shook her head in disappointment. "If you're not capable of taking care of Carrie, then you shouldn't have made such grand promises. This might not be the first time, but it's definitely the most serious. In the years to come, who knows how many more times there will be? Can you deal with it? Can you stick with it? You're not a naturally patient person. You've only been understanding and enduring because things are still new and exciting with Carrie right now!"
She continued, "But will you still look after Carrie with the same level of commitment in ten or twenty years when your love and patience have been tested? Will you still kneel on the ground and hold her and comfort her like today?"
"I will! Why wouldn't I be able to?!" Ryan's voice was hoarse and harsh as he yelled at her, "Bella... I know I'm not a good person. I know I haven't done nearly enough for Carrie... But you shouldn't doubt my love for her! You shouldn't insult me with such accusations!"
"Ryan, stop it!"
Justin quickly stepped forward and put his arms around Bella to protect her while keeping a steady gaze on Ryan.
"Bella didn't mean it like that. She's just worried about Carrie. In the past, including myself, no one in the Salvador family has ever truly cared for Carrie. Bella was the only one who had consistently been there for her and truly cared for her well-being. Seeing Carrie suffer hurts Bella just as much as it hurts you. Her words may sound tough, but they come from a place of love."
Bella pressed her parched lips together, feeling the burn in her throat from arguing with Ryan earlier. She knew she had been too harsh, but she was genuinely worried about Carrie's well-being.
She had no intention to drive them apart, but the current state of their relationship was evidently not healthy. Carrie's condition was making it hard for her to keep the emotional balance, so she needed to snap Ryan out of it. Otherwise, they'd keep hurting each other without meaning to.
"Autism is divided into two types-hypersensitivity and hyposensitivity. Unfortunately, Carrie falls into the former category. It's often because of her overly delicate thoughts and heightened empathy compared to ordinary people that she's easily triggered, leading to uncontrollable actions."
Bella rested against Justin's chest, looking less tense now. With a serious expression on her face, she said, "Plus, Shannon is her mother. Even though Shannon is an unforgivable murderous devil, it's important to remember that she was the one who raised Carrie. Carrie would certainly break down after hearing that her own mother was sentenced to death for killing the mother of her beloved brother. You should have seen this coming."
Ryan clenched his fists tightly, his gaze becoming scattered and unfocused. "Carrie said that she wanted to go see Shannon. I refused, so things ended up like this. Did I really make a mistake?" Bella and Justin exchanged glances, both sighing in unison.
After a moment of contemplation, Justin moved closer and placed his big hand on Ryan's shoulder. "Ryan, take Carrie to see Shannon. It makes sense for her to say goodbye since they're mother and daughter, not just emotionally but also biologically. Carrie should bid her farewell."
Ryan looked startled, filled with inner turmoil. "But... Shannon is your enemy..."
"That's unrelated. Besides, we've already gotten our revenge, and Shannon has paid the price for it. It's enough." Justin smiled faintly, his dark eyes showing a hint of relief.
###chapter1501
Justin had long realized that holding onto a grudge was a burden that only mirrored the suffering of the past. For the sake of his own peace and the happiness of those he loved, he chose to prioritize moving forward over the heaviness of resentment.
Bella, standing firmly by Justin’s side, turned to Ryan with a calm but resolute expression. "Ryan, I know the bond you share with Justin is deep, but now that Carrie is in your life, your focus must shift. A family’s strength comes from putting each other first. Let’s ensure that Carrie’s well-being is the priority from now on."
The room fell into a thoughtful silence. Bella continued, her voice softening, "Don't mistake Carrie’s empathy for weakness. Her desire to find closure is a testament to her character. It shows she is a person of profound kindness—a quality you should cherish, not fear."
Given the delicate nature of the situation, Bella decided to stay the night to support Carrie. Justin, ever attentive to Bella’s needs, didn't hesitate to stay as well. He quietly arranged for their essentials—aromatherapy and comfort items—to be brought over, ensuring that even in a moment of crisis, Bella had a sanctuary for rest.
As evening deepened, Justin invited Ryan to the dining room, hoping a glass of vintage red wine might ease the tension. However, Ryan remained stoic, his mind clearly troubled.
"Ryan, I’ve been giving this some thought," Justin began earnestly. "Once Carrie is feeling stronger, perhaps she could spend a few days with Bella. A change of environment and some quiet support might help her find her balance."
Ryan’s reaction was immediate, his voice tight with suppressed emotion. "Justin, are you suggesting I’m incapable of supporting her? Do you not trust me with her safety?"
Justin met his gaze steadily. "It’s not a lack of trust, but an observation of the pressure you’re under. We all want what is best for her. Intense passion is one thing, but the steady, daily patience required for a long-term recovery is another challenge entirely."
Justin leaned forward, his voice dropping to a serious, cautionary tone. "You’ve always been a man of action, Ryan, but this requires a different kind of strength. Character doesn't change overnight. I need to know that your commitment is as enduring as your intensity."
He paused, the gravity of his words hanging in the air. "I value our friendship more than I can say. But Carrie is family. If there ever comes a day where you find this responsibility too heavy and choose to neglect her, I will do whatever is necessary to protect her interests—no matter the cost to our professional or personal ties. I would move mountains to ensure my sister is never failed again."

###chapter1502
Ryan felt like he'd been shot in the heart, and he was visibly shaken by the pain.
Justin said, "In the Salvador family, she had no independence and lived an unhappy life. Now that she's with you, her whole life is dictated by you and revolves around your wishes. It's too much. I don't think it's healthy for her to be so submissive."
Justin closed his eyes and took a sip of wine. "Maybe both of you need some time apart to cool off and really think about how to move forward in this relationship."
"Justin... Do you hear yourself?!" Ryan slammed his hands on the table, causing the wine in the decanter to ripple. His eyes were crimson, more intense than the red wine. "When you pursued Bella, I never left your side during your toughest times! It's fine if you won't support me now... Are you asking me to give up?"
Ryan's voice cracked with pain and bitterness. "In your eyes, I am just a reckless and irresponsible bastard who abandons things halfway, right? You never really wanted Carrie and me to be together... From the very beginning, you never truly intended to entrust Carrie to me! I've just wasted my time with you!"
Justin frowned and said, "Ryan, you're approaching this too one-sidedly."
"If it was Bella and I asked you to let her go and take a step back or give her up... Let me ask you, Justin, could you?!" Ryan's laughter was filled with pain.
"You couldn't, right? Losing Bella would be like losing your soul, wouldn't it? Well, it's the same for me. If I lost Carrie, what would be the point of living? When you suggest reconsidering this relationship or taking Carrie away from me... You're not just hurting me. It feels like you're tearing me apart!"
"Bella and Carrie are different. How much can Carrie endure? Forget about enduring. Even a slight shock could make her world collapse!" Justin's eyes darkened, his current worry and anxiety resembling that of a father choosing a son-in-law for his daughter.
"What ordinary people can endure, she can't. What ordinary people can withstand, she can't handle. To love her, you need courage, perseverance, and patience that are a million times greater than normal. But today, your actions have clearly shown impatience. Otherwise, you wouldn't have dealt with the situation so forcefully!"
Ryan felt a sudden surge of coldness in his heart. He realized he was at fault this time, and there was no one else to blame but himself.
Amidst the tense atmosphere, a loud and distinct voice interrupted them. "What's with all the noise at this hour?"
Both men looked up to see Bella standing in the living room, her hand on her hip, her gaze piercing. "Carrie is awake now, but she's feeling a little weak."
As she finished speaking, Bella's eyes fell upon Ryan's face, filled with bitterness. "Go inside and see her."
Ryan felt like he had been given a second chance and hurriedly climbed the stairs in just three lunges.
Bella approached Justin, her
forehead slightly creasing. She let out a gentle sigh. As he saw how tired she tooked, it tugged at his heart. He reached for her hand and carefully drew her toward him as O she stood between his legs, naturally wrapping his arms around her slim waist. 
Sitting down, he looked up at her with intense affection, his large hands rubbing her waist gently. "Are you tired? Let me accompany you back to the room. You should rest. I'll be here for Carrie, so you don't need to worry." 
"I'm not tired," Bella replied softly.
"You're not tired? You can't even be bothered to say one more word." Justin teased, lifting the petite woman around her waist and
settling her on his lap. Leaning net
down, he placed a gentle kiss on her red lips. "If you don't want to go back to the room, just rest in my arms." 
"I don't want to... Your muscles are all stiff and uncomfortable," Bella replied with a teasing tone.
###chapter1503
Bella complained about the discomfort, yet she comfortably nestled against Justin's chest. "Oh, this couple is really worrying me to death."
"Carrie just had a little quarrel with Ryan. Is it appropriate to leave them alone now?" Justin asked in a low voice.
Bella explained, "Carrie still loves Ryan. I'm sure of it. After this incident, Ryan must have realized his mistake. Let's just give him a chance to talk things out with Carrie. The person who caused this should be the one to fix it."
Justin nodded thoughtfully, smoothing the strands of hair that fell beside her cheek with his fingertips. "Hmm, alright."
"Yasmin just told me that Logan plans to hold a shareholders' meeting for the company this month. He'll officially make Ryan the president of the Hoffman Group and add him to the board of directors. After that Ryan will go straight to the Salvador family to propose for a marriage."
Justin's eyes flickered, but he remained silent.
"What's wrong? You don't look too happy. Are you not satisfied with this relationship?" Bella reached out and softly touched his cheek.
"Don't be fooled by my temper with him. I genuinely care about them. I truly want them to be happy. I'm just afraid that Ryan can't take good care of Carrie, so I wanted to give him a little warning. They're in love! How could I not want the best for them? If their relationship works out in the end, then Carrie will have her own family someday."
"I'm not dissatisfied. As Ryan's best friend, I just feel like I can't help much with his marriage," Justin said helplessly, a tinge of guilt showing on his face. "He'll have to meet Gregory for the proposal, and I can't say anything positive in front of that man now. Also, because of my situation last time, Ryan stood up for me, which made Gregory very upset. My narrow-minded father has always held grudges, and if he gets the chance, he'll definitely try to take it out on Ryan."
"So, you think Gregory is going to create problems for Ryan's proposal?" Bella blinked her bright, almond-shaped eyes.
"I'm certain of it." Justin sneered. "I hold no hope for Gregory's character."
"I've thought about it, and I still believe we should settle their matter as soon as possible."
Being a very careful person who was
truly concerned about Carrie's
future, Bella gave the situation even more thought "You know Gregory is not likely to agree to this marriage. After all, Ryan embarrassed him at the Reeds' banquet in front of many important people from Savrow if he still agrees to let his daughter marry Ryan, he'll feel like a joke in all of Savrow. Others will just see him as controlled by the Hoffman family. How could Chairman Salvador, who always cares so much about his reputation, put up with this? While Grandpa is healthy and can make decisions now, we should get him involved in making this union happen." 
Justin's eyes lit up with excitement as he put his hands on her waist. "Bella, you're amazing. I can't believe I didn't think of this before! Grandpa really adores Ryan and thinks of him as family. With Grandpa stepping in, even if Gregory tries to stir up trouble, it won't work!" 
When Ryan entered the room, Carrie was leaning weakly against the headboard, her once bright doe now dull and lifeless, her gaze listless and vacant. 
A wave of piercing pain washed over Ryan, making even breathing difficult.
Yasmin stood by with a bowl of porridge, intending to feed Carrie, but no matter how she coaxed and persuaded, Carrie refused to open her mouth.
"Carrie..."
Upon hearing Ryan's hoarse voice, Carrie immediately shut her eyes and clutched her head, trembling uncontrollably with fear.
Ryan stood next to the bed, feeling like a heavy weight had landed on his chest. Regret and sadness filled his eyes, ready to overflow with tears.
###chapter1504
Ryan thought, 'Look at what I've done! If only I could just be a little more patient, and if I could just show her a bit more consideration...'
"Mr. Hoffman, there's no need to hurry. Take all the time you need." Yasmin reassured him gently. She was about to leave the room when Carrie suddenly hugged her tightly from behind. With tears in her eyes, Carrie pleaded, "Yasmin! Please don't go! Don't leave!"
"Young Madam, don't be afraid... It's just Young Master Hoffman." Yasmin hurriedly reassured her.
"Don't leave... I beg you..."
"Alright, I won't leave. I'll stay with you." Yasmin looked at Ryan, whose face was pale, feeling both bitter and distressed.
With red eyes, Ryan kneeled before Carrie, intending to take her hand, but she evaded his touch.
"I know that I was wrong. If I ever say anything harsh to you again, just vent your anger on me and bite me, okay?"
Carrie bit her lip hard, blood oozing from her lips, but she didn't utter a single word.
"Whatever you want, just please don't ignore me... Honey, please..."
Ryan, who had frightened countless people, was now as down-to-earth as he could be in front of his beloved.
From this perspective, he and Justin seemed quite alike.
"You wanted to see your mom one last time, right? I'll bring you there."
As Ryan spoke, he choked up noticeably. "I'll let you see your mom no matter how many times you want to go. Whatever you want to do in the future, I promise that I'll accompany you." "Ryan... I'm sorry...'
Carrie's gentle, tearful apology made him feel overwhelming guilt. Without warning, Ryan embraced her tightly, as if he had found something precious that was once lost.
He would never demand anything from her ever again. This torment was truly more unbearable than death itself.
The big rock that fell from the sky successfully gave Hunter a concussion, leaving him with eight stitches on his forehead.
Hunter's parents were devastated
when they found out that their oldest son, who was once expected to do great things, had now become an outcast. The news hit them so hard that it caused Chelsea to have a heart attack, and she had to be taken to the hospital. 
Steven received the call from his father while he was at Yara Park. Upon hearing about his mother's condition, he was filled with anxiety, preparing to go to the hospital to visit her.
"Steve, let me accompany you!" This
time, Amelia showed no intention of backing down, gripping his hand tightly, unwilling to let go. "With so much chaos happening in your family it's difficult for you to handle it all alone. Let me take care of you. Besides, your mother is ill can help care for her. I'm more attentive
anyway." 
Steven felt grateful but still hesitated. "Amelia, thank you for your kindness... But my family mistreated you..."
Amelia quickly pressed her
fingertips against his lips, gently
shaking her head with a warm smile. "As long as your heart is with me, as long as you love me, no matter what difficulties we face, I can handle them. I'm not afraid. Even an ugly daughter-in-law will have to meet her parents-in-law sooner or later, right?" 
Steven suddenly took a breath and pulled her into his arms, gently saying, "Who would dare to call you ugly? My Amelia, you're as stunning as an angel."
###chapter1505
The young couple wasted no time and rushed to the hospital as fast as they could. As Steven held Amelia's hand and arrived at the entrance of the hospital room, they could hear Hunter yelling inside along with Chelsea's cries.
"Dad! Mom! Look at the state your son has ended up in today... It's all because of Steven. This ungrateful guy takes advantage of our kindness! He's part of the Lovett family and my brother, but did you see what he did in court?! He's working for Justin and Bella, and he even lets them manipulate him like a pawn! He betrayed his own brother for outsiders! Do you know that he's driving me to death?!" Hunter was so angry that he cursed repeatedly. As a once-prestigious lawyer in Savrow, this was a side of him no one could have imagined.
Anger surged through Steven's entire body. His jaw tightened, and his fingers clenched into a fist as he tried to control himself.
Amelia heard everything clearly and quickly squeezed Steven's hand. Her gaze was burning as she stared into his red eyes, subtly shaking her head to signal him to stay calm.
"Dad! You've been working for the Thompson family for most of your life. Now they're making your son do all the hard work, like a donkey. They're using that bastard girl to sow discord among our family!" Hunter's tone was intense and filled with rage. "Since you stepped down, I've worked hard to restore our Lovett family's reputation through the years... But now, Justin and Bella have ruined everything! And Steven, that fool, still has no clue about what's going on and shamelessly associates with the Thompson family. That bitch is just using him! Once she's done with him, he'll be discarded without a second thought! He doesn't even use his brain to think! How could he possibly become Wyatt's son-in-law?!"
Every word and sentence cut deep into Amelia's kind heart. She hung her head in sorrow as she bore the weight of countless hurts and injustices.
Steven's family always appeared to be embroiled in conflict because of her. She really felt like she messed up his once peaceful existence and that she truly served no purpose in his life.
Steven felt like his eyes were about to pop out of his eyes. He couldn't handle it anymore and stormed in in frustration, muttering insults under his breath. "That bastard keeps spouting nonsense!"
Although they were siblings by blood, Hunter had always harbored jealousy toward Steven, who had been more talented since they were kids. As the years went by, Hunter never stopped putting Steven down with obvious and sneaky remarks.
No matter what Steven said, Hunter would always find a way to disagree with him. Whatever Steven wanted to do, Hunter was constantly against it, teasing and making fun of him. Hunter even sanctimoniously used the role of an older brother as an excuse to bully Steven without shame.
Out of consideration for the family bond and to spare their parents from worry, Steven had endured it all for so many years. But now, Hunter dared insult the woman he loved. If Steven continued to endure it, what kind of man would he be?
"Steve! Please don't..." Amelia's heart shrank. She wanted to intervene, but it was already too late to stop him.
The door to the ward slammed open, startling the Lovetts. It was like a shot of adrenaline, instantly clearing their minds and even stopping the crying.
"Hunter! Shut your foul mouth!" Steven stared at Hunter with utmost resentment. Even though Hunter's head was bandaged like a garlic clove, Steven did not find it funny. He was just infuriated.
"If
you even think about bringing up Amelia again, your head won't just suffer a concussion. I'll make sure of it!"
"Is there anything wrong with what I said?!" Hunter's lips twitched, trembling with fear, as he subconsciously looked at his father for help.
###chapter1506
Hunter, a grown man in his thirties, was still seeking his father's protection when faced with trouble. If outsiders were to see this, they would have a good laugh!
"Amelia and I genuinely love each other. What you said is utter nonsense and slander!" Steven's eyes were full of indignation, but his words were righteous and forceful. It was as if they were fiercely debating back in court. "Everything I did was of my own free will. No one forced or coerced me!"
"I support Ms. Bella and Mr. Salvador because they speak for the underprivileged in society. Their hearts are pure, and they follow the righteous path! Unlike you, who help the wicked and seek only profit! You deserve your downfall today. It's a result of your evil deeds that are coming back to haunt you!"
"Dad! Mom! Do you hear what he is saying?!" Hunter's arrogance disappeared abruptly in front of Steven. He began to act pitifully in front of their parents, trying to clear his name and pressure Steven. "I am a lawyer. A lawyer's duty is to win cases for their clients! Just because my client opposes you, does that mean that you are the good guy and I am the villain?
"Even without me, the Salvador family would have hired someone else to represent Shannon. Does that make everyone who defends them evil? I think Bella has brainwashed you! You are just a puppet, following their commands!"
Amelia stood outside and listened to the unrestrained argument unfolding. She felt as if her entire body was frozen, a chilling cold spreading throughout her.
Chelsea was overwhelmed when she heard terms like brainwashing and puppet. Her face turned pale as she clutched her chest, struggling to breathe. "What kind of sin has our Lovett family committed? Why must our family be tormented like this?"
Hunter continued to sow discord while comforting his mother, acting like a two-faced hypocrite. "Steve, I know you want to please your girlfriend, and I understand you want to curry favor with the Thompson family. But you cannot turn against your own family! I am your elder brother. How can you forsake our bond for a woman?"
Steven's chest burned with anger, crackling like a fire. Just as he was about to speak, Neil, who had remained silent, suddenly said, "Steve, is Ms. Amelia outside? She is Chairman Thompson's daughter, which makes her an honored guest. It is not proper to leave a guest standing outside. Please invite her in."
"Neil, you...!" Chelsea's brows furrowed, her displeasure evident.
Steven knew well that his parents did not like Amelia. Despite their long relationship, his parents had never once mentioned wanting to meet Amelia. But now, his father had relented, so how could he not feel overjoyed?
Steven immediately ran outside, taking Amelia's shivering hand, his eyes filled with happiness. He brought her in with a beaming smile.
Neil stared intently at Steven, his brow furrowing deeper. His son was clearly head-over-heels in love with Amelia. As a man himself, he could see the intense, overflowing love in his son's eyes.
"Hello, Uncle Neil, Aunt Chelsea." Amelia released Steven's hand and gracefully bowed to his parents. Her demeanor was elegant and respectful, clearly indicating her well-bred upbringing by Wyatt and Celeste.
The carefully prepared words Neil had in mind suddenly became unspeakable the moment he saw Amelia. No matter what he said, it would seem too cruel for this beautiful, doll-like girl. "Aunt Chelsea, how are you feeling?"
###chapter1507
Amelia suppressed her grievances and forced out her brightest smile, adding a touch of obedient charm. She spoke softly, "I heard you were ill. Steve came to see you immediately, which shows how much he cares about you. If you do not mind, may I take care of you for the next few days? Just let me know what you want to eat, and I'll make it for you."
Seeing this, Steven felt his heart aching. He could not help but wrap his arm around Amelia's waist, pulling her into his embrace with a heavy breath.
He felt hurt that Amelia had to humble herself to please his family and had to endure all this just to leave a good impression on his parents. She was his treasure, yet at this moment, he felt as if he was humiliating her.
Chelsea initially felt a sense of pride seeing the Thompson family's heiress trying so hard to please her. But when she saw Steve being affectionate with this girl right in front of her, she thought it was just a ploy to win them over and seduce her son. It was not genuine affection.
The next second, Chelsea sneered. "Ms. Thompson, there's no need to trouble yourself. My son hired a professional caregiver for me. You are of noble birth and unused to chores. It would only shorten my life if you tried to take care of me."
Amelia's breath hitched. She bit her lower lip anxiously, her fair cheeks flushing with embarrassment.
"Mom! Amelia is being kind. Even if you don't appreciate it, you shouldn't say such sarcastic things to hurt her!" Steven frowned, tightening his grip on Amelia's waist.
"What did I say? How was I being sarcastic? Does your mother not even have the right to speak?"
Chelsea's eyes reddened with anger. She suddenly slapped the bed. "They say a son forgets his mother after he gets married... She hasn't even married you yet, but you are already casting aside the mother who gave birth to you and raised you?"
"Mom... Please don't get upset. You just got out of the ICU!" Hunter patted Chelsea's back, playing the role of the dutiful son.
Neil sat on the sofa. Although he saw his wife mercilessly lashing out at Amelia, he hesitated several times to speak up but ultimately did not intervene.
Chelsea clutched her chest, her gaze on Amelia as cold as a blade slicing through her delicate, rosy skin. "Ms. Thompson, there were some things I planned to tell you privately later, but since you are here today, I might as well tell you now." 
"I do not approve of you being with Steve."
Amelia stood there motionless, as if she were struck by lightning. Her thin, graceful back was straight as a wave of humiliation coursed through her entire body. "Mom!" Steven's voice was hoarse and trembling.
"I may have three sons, but Steve is undoubtedly the apple of my eye, the one I love the most. When choosing a future daughter-in-law, I do not seek someone with an outstanding background or deep connections. I just want her to be an honest, kind, and simple girl. 
"With such a girl, I can let down my guard completely. I do not have to worry about my precious son being used or manipulated. I won't feel humiliated or unworthy in front of her family, forced to act like a servant without dignity."
"Enough! Stop talking!" Steven could not bear it any longer. He grabbed Amelia's icy hand, trying to pull her away. "Amelia, don't listen to this. Come with me!"
But no matter how hard he pulled her away, Amelia did not move.
Chelsea had no intention of stopping, continuing to spew out harsh words. "To you all, Steve is just a subordinate, a puppet. But to me, he is my precious youngest son! Let's just say our family is not worthy of you. Ms. Amelia, Can you let my son go?"
###chapter1508
Amelia felt as if she had fallen into an ice cellar. A surge of coldness rose in her trembling chest. The redness from her earlier embarrassment drained from her face, leaving her pale and pitiful.
She looked into Chelsea's tearful eyes, seeing through her act to the true loathing underneath. In the past, Amelia might have turned and fled, hiding in a secluded corner to wallow in self-pity and tears. But this time, a strange courage surged within her. She had the determination to face the Lovett family head-on.
Amelia loved Steven. Was it wrong to love? Why should she bow to them? If she slunk away in defeat, wouldn't that be admitting that Chelsea was right?
"Ms. Amelia, did you understand what I said?" Chelsea maintained her frail appearance, but her tone was icy.
Steven's broad shoulders trembled with anger, the veins in his neck bulging as if about to burst. "Direct your anger at me. As an elder, how can you say such things to the woman I love? What did Amelia do to deserve this treatment?"
"Steve, is that how you're supposed to talk to your mother? You're being outrageous!" Neil finally couldn't hold back, scolding him harshly.
Neil had never seen anything like this. He was furious and shocked that his usually obedient and considerate youngest son had changed so drastically, turning against his family for Amelia.
His wife's concerns were not unfounded. This beautiful girl, who had such a hold on his son's heart, was too dangerous. If she continued to influence him, Steve would completely break away from the family. Chelsea's eyes blazed with anger as she glared at Amelia. "What did I do to her? I was just having a woman-to-woman conversation with Ms. Amelia. What use is it to talk to you? Can you even understand?" "Ms. Amelia, you are Chairman Thompson and Madam Celeste's daughter. Though you weren't born of the first wife like Ms. Bella, you are still Chairman Thompson's flesh and blood. You received a good education, and you are sensible and understanding. So, I think you understand my intentions.
"If you truly love Steve, you should let him go. You shouldn't put him in a position where he has to choose between love and family. You wouldn't want to see him live the rest of his life without dignity, would you?"
A loud buzz filled Steven's mind, his immense anger blurring the image of the woman before him. Was this really the loving and kind mother who had raised him with such hardship? When had her motherly love twisted into such obsessive possessiveness and control?
Neil's pupils narrowed slightly. He too felt his wife's words were excessive, but without such harshness, how could the Lovett family recover their dignity? How could Steven sever ties with this girl? The veins on Steven's forehead throbbed wildly as he was about to speak. At that moment, Amelia bravely met Chelsea's hostile gaze and spoke in a steady tone. "Mrs. Lovett, I am sorry, but I do not understand what you mean."
The Lovett's expressions changed abruptly. Even Steven was stunned. The usually gentle and timid woman was facing the challenge head-on. It was a rare display of courage! "What... What did you say?" Chelsea's expression froze, not expecting Amelia to talk back to her.
"Steve and I truly love each other. You understand this perfectly well, yet you turn a blind eye and repeatedly try to tear us apart. I want to ask, why is that?" Amelia's eyes reddened as she took a deep breath.
These words had been suppressed in her heart for too long. At this moment, she could no longer hold back her countless complex emotions. "Although I love Steve deeply, I have never thought of clinging to him. I firmly believe that neither I nor my family would ever disgrace the Lovett family or hold you back."
###chapter1509
Amelia continued, "Also, you said my sister has been using Steve and has trampled on his self-esteem. You even claim that my family looks down on him. This is all baseless. If what you said were true, my parents would never agree to my relationship with Steve. My father would not even recognize him as his godson."
The Lovett's were shocked. 'Godson?! When did this happen? Why had Steve never mentioned it before?'
Every time Hunter thought about this, he felt envy, jealousy, and resentment bubbling up inside him. For all these years, he had been sucking up to the rich and powerful, only to let this little brat get the upper hand in the end.
If Hunter had known he would end up in this situation, he should have worked hard to curry favor with the Thompson family from the start. Perhaps then, he would be Wyatt's son-in-law, or even the head of the legal department at KS Group, and Steve would be nothing!
Hunter wanted to be held in high esteem wherever he went.
"But if you look down on me because of my mom being my dad's third wife, then I can only feel regret and disappointment for your shallow and materialistic thoughts."
Amelia's usually gentle and delicate features suddenly hardened, her soft tone turning cold and firm. "I cannot change my background, nor do I want to. I have never felt ashamed of my mother. On the contrary my mother has endured hardships to reach where she is today. The suffering she has endured is something you will never understand or imagine. My mother has always been my pride. However, I won't blame you for your poor treatment and mockery because you are Steve's mother."
Chelsea's heart suddenly tightened. A hot flush of shame rushed to her cheeks, as she felt like she had been slapped in the face by Amelia.
"But I hope this is the last time I hear this from you," Amelia said firmly, her gaze meeting Steven's without fear, her beauty undiminished.
Steven stared back at her, his heart pounding wildly in his chest. Amelia used to hide behind Bella, gentle and soft-spoken like a little white rabbit. But now, Amelia had grown up in an instant, breaking free from her shell. She was stunning and confident, even bearing a hint of Bella's demeanor.
He thought, 'No, my beloved Amelia is unique!'
Neil watched his wife struggle to respond and was rendered speechless. Firstly, he could not stoop so low to argue with a little girl. It was undignified. Secondly, his wife's words were indeed harsh. Anyone in Amelia's position would retaliate.
Chelsea trembled, her lips quivering. Her authoritative aura crumbled in an instant. "Ms. Amelia, your words imply that our Lovett family can't recognize your true worth, as if we're all blind!"
Hunter couldn't resist fanning the flames. He sneered before plunging the knife into Amelia's wounds.
"My mother is ill. She just recovered from a near-death experience, and I thought you came to visit. Instead, you have come to vent your anger. Although our Lovett family may not compare to your Thompson family, we are still a respectable family. We won't allow girls with questionable morals into our home. Isn't that reasonable?"
"You... Who are you talking about?!" Steven clenched his fists, no longer willing to mince words. He wanted to throttle Hunter.
"The incident with Charles, of course. Don't think that just because he's dead, everyone has forgotten about it. You claim you were forced, but who knows the truth?" Hunter's words stabbed Amelia like a dagger to her heart, causing her to stagger back in agony.
Hunter's actions were simply despicable, exposing Amelia's deepest and most painful scar.
###chapter1510
The unbearable memories of that tragic night surged back like a flood, drowning her in pain so intense she could barely breathe.
"Ms. Amelia, you're the daughter of the affluent Thompson family, and everyone knows about the decades-long friendship between the Thompsons and the Iversons. Forced by Charles? I doubt even he would dare."
Hunter turned the hospital room into a courtroom, forgetting the pitiful sight of being knocked down himself. "You were alone with him in the same room at the party. But when the scandal broke, your Thompson family blamed the Iversons. You knew you were tainted, and it would be hard for you to find someone decent to marry. Is that why you decided on Steven as your backup plan? You are treating him like a fool." "Bastard!" Steven lost his temper completely, his eyes bloodshot as he swung his fist at Hunter, landing a brutal blow on the latter's face. In an instant, Hunter's face was distorted.
Their parents gasped in horror. "Steve! Stop!"
"Ugh!" Hunter saw stars, his head already aching from the diagnosed concussion. The next moment, he tasted blood in his mouth and spat forcefully onto the ground, only to hear a sharp crack. A tooth had fallen out of his mouth!
It was evident that Steven put all his pent-up rage into that punch, aiming to kill him.
Amelia panicked, covering her mouth with both hands. She knew that Steven was completely consumed by anger. Although he was doing it all for her, this would only lead to bigger trouble.
Just as Steven was about to strike again, Chelsea suddenly rushed forward and grabbed his arm, crying hysterically. "How dare you lay a hand on your own brother?! You've gone completely mad for this woman! Hit me, then! Just kill me! You don't want me as your mother anyway!"
Steven gasped for breath, his eyes filled with tears of anger and resentment.
Steven thought, 'Why... was it so difficult to love someone? Amelia is such a good person. Why did they have to look down on Amelia and hurt her over and over again?'
"You've all gone too far! Bullying a young girl like this... When did the Lovett family's integrity fall to such depths?!" Amid the tense atmosphere, a voice filled with indignation interrupted them. Hunter glanced coldly in that direction while holding his face, and Chelsea stopped wailing. The sound of brisk footsteps shattered the oppressive silence as Clarence walked in, his voice full of anger. "Clarence..." Steven looked at Clarence, his voice hoarse.
Clarence looked meaningfully at his brother, then glanced at Amelia, whose face was pale with fear. He felt both bitter and guilty. In fact, he had been standing outside the door for a while and knew everything that had happened in the hospital room.
"Mom, how much longer are you going to remain blind?!" Clarence shook his head with cold eyes. "If your so-called love for your son means tearing apart his happiness with your own hands and hurting the one he loves, then your maternal love is truly disappointing!"
###chapter1511
Moved with emotions, Steven and Amelia stared at Clarence's respectable face in shock.
Weighed down by their struggles, the couple was surprised to find a member of the Lovett family coming forward to help them out.
His help could not come in a timelier manner.
"Don't speak to your mother like that, Clarence!"
With Clarence's attitude rubbing him the wrong way, Neil got up and pointed at Clarence's stoic face. "Your mother has worked herself to the bone to raise three children, only to be called a disappointment. You and Steve have pushed us too far."
Hunter tried to play the victim and made himself out to be the good guy. "See, Mom and Dad? They don't care about you. I'm the only one on your side. They are ungrateful brats."
Humiliated by Steven and Clarence's relentless attacks in court, Hunter seethed with growing fury. "If you have a problem, take it out on me, Clarence. You can come at me with everything you've got. Don't lash out at Mom. She has done nothing to deserve this."
Clarence stared at Hunter with a smirk, his eyes reflecting resentment and disdain. "Do you think I'm not after you? Do you think you got away scot-free?"
Hunter was stunned.
"Do you think I'm oblivious to what you have done right under my nose? Do you think I'm blind to your atrocity on Steve?"
Clarence gasped sharply, feeling like
he had been punched in the gut as guilt overcame him. "I regret not exposing you for the vile human you are and not calling you out for your crimes. Maybe then, you'll know justice will be served." S
"Clarence, you..." Hunter turned bright red.
Clarence was a man of few words, not one to show concern even at home. Yet now, he pulled a rug from under Hunter and disgraced him.
Taken aback by Clarence's sudden outburst, Chelsea dropped her jaw and looked at Hunter in disbelief.
"What are you talking about? What crimes?"
Neil took a step forward, his eyes bulging. "Is that true, Hunter? What's going on?"
Clarence gave Hunter the side-eye.
"Ha! You still haven't told Mom and Dad. I thought you were the loyal son, but you kept everything from
them anyway. It explained why yout
stood there and gave your big speech. You probably have no idea that your attorneys blew the whistle on you, accusing you of embezzling public funds, bribery, and money laundering. Your law firm has been suspended from operation pending the outcome of the investigation." 
"Suspended? Blew the whistle? Who?" Caught off guard, Hunter cried menacingly.
Then he felt a vibration from his phone.
Hunter took out his phone with shaky hands and felt another headache.
Clarence was not bluffing. Hunter's
law firm was forced to shut down He just received a photo from his assistant, showing a notice on the front door about a cease-and-desist order.
###chapter1512
That was not the only thing. Hunter's assistant even added a text message to rub it in on him.
[This text message serves as my notice to resign, Mr. Lovett. You brought this on yourself because of your arrogance and self-righteousness. I've had enough of your abuse. I refuse to be your slave any longer! I'd have taken things into my hands a long time ago if we weren't living in a civilized society. See you never! P/S: Congratulations on your seized business!]
Hunter scoffed, clutching his phone tremblingly.
He had never been so humiliated.
"I spoke my truth. This is the consequence of your action. You brought this on yourself."
Clarence gritted his teeth in disappointment. "But even to this day, you show no remorse. You couldn't stand to see Steve happy either, so you roped Mom and Dad in and used them against Steve to destroy his hard-earned happiness.
"When have you become a monster, Hunter? Are we not your family? You always wanted us to play second fiddle to you. You'd do anything to stop us from outshining or surpassing you, all to feed that deep, dark vanity of yours. You feel most happy when we live less than you."
Red in the face, Hunter refuted. "W-What are you talking about? I never thought that!”
"You're jealous because Steve found a nice girl like Ms. Amelia. She came from wealth and privilege. Ms. Bella and Mr. Salvador are also in her corner. You couldn't stand that, so you talked badly about Ms. Amelia to Mom and Dad in hopes of breaking Steve and Ms. Amelia up."
Clarence shifted his gaze to Neil. "I have learned about Charles from the inspectors and police. Charles isn't close to Ms. Amelia as Hunter said. They hadn't met more than a few times. Charles wanted to be associated with the Thompsons through marriage, but his dreams fell through. He colluded with Astrid to set Ms. Amelia up by drugging her and sleeping with her. That way, Chairman Thompson would marry his daughter to Charles. Thank goodness that didn't happen."
Amelia closed her tearful eyes as humiliation washed over her.
Even though Charles was dead, the scars of her trauma remained. It took quite a struggle for Amelia to pull through, only for Hunter to rip her wounds wide open and attack her.
Steven caught Amelia's shaking
body and held her tight in his arms, his hand rubbing her back. Tearing up, Steven tried to console her, but all the words in his mouth were left unspoken. 
His emotions for her showed in his eyes and tears.
"I was supposed to preside over Charles' sexual assault case, so b had insights. It's a shame the monster died before the case went to court. I would've tried himdike I tried Shannon." 
Neil and Chelsea were shocked, to say the least.
Growing up, Hunter always painted himself as a kind brother and son. He had always been Neil's and Chelsea's pride as a highly successful lawyer.
Though Hunter defended Shannon
in court, Neil and Chelsea believed Hunter was just doing his job. Neil and Chelsea even suspected that Bella and Justin were stirring the pot, causing public outrage to attack Hanter. 
However, they were shocked and puzzled to find Hunter looking away in guilt.
They might have gotten the wrong idea about Amelia.
Neil and Chelsea wondered if Hunter did all that just to hurt Steven.
###chapter1513
"Don't listen to Clarence, Mom and Dad! Things aren't what he said at all!"
Hunter defended himself exasperatedly. "Clarence and Steven were in it together, setting me up in court. He's trying to get Steven out of trouble by painting me as the bad guy. I think Bella and Justin paid them out. They are just the Thompsons' lapdogs-"
"Ugh!"
Unable to take it anymore, Clarence cut Hunter off with a punch in the face.
More ruthless than Steven, Clarence struck Hunter's nose bridge. Hunter staggered back from the blow and suffered a nosebleed.
"You never learn."
Clarence flicked his sore fingers, his eyes burning with rage. "If you want to believe Steven and I are in it together, so be it. What are you going to do about it?"
Hunter held his swollen nose and pointed shakily at Clarence's face. "You! You!"
Clarence took one lingering look at the grateful couple before bending over to gather his dropped briefcase. He retrieved a stack of letters from inside and approached Neil solemnly to hand them over. "What are these?" Confused, Neil took the letters.
"These are the letters of complaint from the public that I have received during my three years as the presiding judge. They are all cases in which Hunter worked with the defendants. These poor citizens don't have the money and power to hire an attorney like Hunter, so they have to take a loss in court even though they were victims. They can't ever see justice served.
"Hence, they sent letters to the court,
calling Hunter out for his vile
practices. I have read each and
every letter more than once, and I
often tossed and turned in bed just thinking about the contents." 
With red-rimmed eyes, Clarence choked up. "I've not been a fair judge for the past three years. I knew what Hunter was up to, but I chose family over justice. I locked those letters in a drawer for the sake of Mom and Dad's feelings and to uphold Hunter's reputation. I regret that now, and I blame myself for it. I have become an accomplice to his crimes. I have disgraced my robe. So I plan to resign once this matter is over." 
Neil blacked out and lost his footing.
"Resign? You have gone mad, silly child! What are you saying?"
Heartbroken, Chelsea wailed. "You've been through so much to get to where you are today. You are the only child who followed in your father's footsteps. Your father is so proud of you. How can you resign?" 
Amelia was sensible enough to realize Neil was not doing well. She went to help him up. "Please sit down, sir."
She carefully sat Neil down and instructed Steven softly, "Get your father something to drink, Steve."
"Right away!" Steven, as one to listen to his wife, went to pour a drink.
Neil glanced at Amelia while catching his breath.
For some reason, he did not hate Amelia getting close to him.
In fact, Neil felt flattered.
###chapter1514
"My mind is made up, Mom. You can't convince me otherwise."
Clarence's gaze then fell on Neil's haggard face.
The man who raised him suddenly felt so distant. "I've never asked you for anything, Dad, but today, I hope you can do me one favor. I hope that you will stop making things difficult for Ms. Amelia. Don't make Steven break up with Ms. Amelia. They love each other. I firmly believe Steve will not meet a better girl than Ms. Amelia."
Steven and Amelia stood before Neil, their fingers interlocking. The look in their eyes held affection for each other.
Chelsea could not stop bawling her eyes out after what Clarence said.
Overwhelmed with emotions, Neil asked hoarsely, "Are you threatening me with resignation, Clarence?"
"If that's what you think, so be it." Clarence grinned helplessly.
Then came a commotion outside the ward, and a knocking ensued.
Closest to the entrance, Steven went to open the door.
Outside stood two men in uniform. Steven lowered his gaze and read their badges, recognizing they were prosecutors.
"Is Hunter Lovett in there?"
Hunter shuddered at the sound of a stern voice.
Steven turned to the side and gave way to the prosecutors.
The inspectors entered the ward grimly. Noticing Neil, the pair were surprised but nodded at him courteously.
Neil's honorable reputation as a judge was known to the legal crowd. The younger colleagues saw him as an inspiration. "Please come with us, Mr. Hunter Lovett." The inspectors addressed Hunter formally in the presence of Neil.
The inspectors kept it short, not dwelling on the matter to avoid any complications.
Weak in the knees, Hunter, his lips quivering, could barely walk.
In the end, the two inspectors dragged him out of the ward.
Chelsea covered her face and wailed while Neil furrowed his brows, unable to reel in from the devastating blow. There was no need to get Hunter's side of the story.
Clarence lying
parents. Besides, the inspectors would not make
t sufficient evidenc arrest
With as most righteous, never
At that point, Steven had given up his
aamily. He wrapped his arm Amelia's waist and w ne
out of the ward. 
"Where are you going, Steve? Come back!"
Chelsea reached her hand out to Steven, her eyes swollen from crying. "Don't you want us or this family?"
Steven stopped in his tracks.
Chelsea was delighted, but Steven's harsh words quickly crushed her and Neil.
"Consider me dead to you."
Steven and Amelia walked toward the hospital parking lot.
Though Steven said nothing during Amelia felt the tension in
the
and his grip around her
his jawline and his grip
waist. und her
Swnone
###chapter1515
Amelia tried to console Steven, but she felt a crushing weight of responsibility. After all, everything started because of her. With tearful eyes, she hung her head low in guilt.
"Don't be hard on yourself, Amelia. It's not your fault at all what happened today." Steven comforted her, his hoarse voice soft and tender.
Amelia felt a lump in her throat, her lips quivering. "But..."
"You're the love of my life, the future that I chose. We will be together to the very end. No one can stop me."
Clarence's voice came from behind. "Steve!"
The pair turned around and watched Clarence run toward them.
"Thank you for sticking up for Amelia today, Clarence. Thank you for taking our side."
Steven teared up. "We will never forget what you have done for us, and I promise to return the favor."
Clarence looked angry. "You're my only younger brother, Steve. Am I not family to you anymore?"
"No, I didn't mean that."
"I'm sorry, Steve."
The couple was taken aback. Steven quickly said, "Don't say that, Clarence! You never let me down."
"No, I've been meaning to apologize to you. The apology came a little late."
Clarence put his head down, feeling a catch in his throat. "I know I'm not the most caring person around. My focus has always been to learn and make something out of myself. I've never been bothered by what has been going on in the family. I knew Hunter wasn't good to you, and I knew you suffered a lot because of this family, but due to my indifference and selfishness, I didn't once stand up for you as a brother."
"Clarence..."
"I'm ashamed to call myself your brother. know my lack of affection as a brother hurt you. I can't change the past, but I hope to do everything I can to help you for my peace of mind." 
Clarence looked at Amelia with a relieved smile. "I leave Steve in your hands, Amelia. I wish you a beautiful to
marriage. I hope I get an invis
the wedding." 
"Thank you, Clarence." Amelia's eyes welled up with tears of gratitude.
With sparkling eyes, Steven put his hands on Clarence's shoulders.
"Did you say you wanted to make it up to me, Clarence? Promise me one thing, and we are even."
"What is it?"
Steven smiled. "In any case, do not resign. I don't want our society to lose such a fair judge."
Clarence's heart raced, and his tears lingered in his eyes.
That night, Amelia followed her heart for once and refused to leave Steven alone instead of returning to Yara Park.
Steven could not change her mind, and he did not want to be apart from her either. He drove her back to Savrow.
He did not own a property in Hatchbay, but he acquired a two-story house in Savrow. It had been a while since he had stayed there.
Steven knew Amelia was tired after
a long day. He sent her to the
showers while he went to the supermarket to purchase food and daily necessities. He also warmed a glass of milk for her. S
After a shower, Amelia glistened under the soft light.
Steven laid out his white shirt for her to use as pajamas on the bed.
###chapter1516
Overjoyed, Amelia put on the white shirt, which looked oversized on her. She even twirled in front of the mirror. The abrupt ringing of her phone scared her.
Amelia tiptoed to the bed and grabbed her phone. She panicked when she saw the call from her mother.
In the end, she took the call, not wanting her mother to worry.
"Why aren't you home yet, Amelia? Where are you?" Celeste sounded worried.
"I-I'm fine, Mom. I'm doing well."
"Where are you now?"
"I'm in Savrow with Steve..."
Amelia plucked up the courage. "I'm not going home tonight, Mom. Steve is upset. I want to stay here and keep him company."
The silence on the other end of the line put her on edge.
Moments later, Celeste asked in a murmur, "Are you at a hotel or your sister's property in Savrow?"
"Neither. Steve has his own place in Savrow." Amelia's words trailed off. She blushed just talking about it.
"I see you have made your decision, Amelia. Are you comfortable with your decision?"
Amelia batted her lashes in a daze. "Huh?"
"Steven is a good kid. You're 22 now. I know I can't keep you from doing what you want." "Mom, I..."
Celeste sighed, her gentle tone
holding no resentment. She was still concerned, though. "No need to explain, Amelia. I've been there. I won't stop you if you have made up your mind to give yourself to Steven, but please use protection. You aren't married yet. Even if you love him, you must protect yourself. I know that Steve loves you very much. He will do what is best." 
Amelia was moved to tears, her heart racing and her cheeks blushing.
Amelia waited in the room for a while. Since Steven was nowhere to be found, she thought she should make the first move.
She walked into the kitchen and heard something boiling on the stove.
With his back facing her, Steven stood in front of the stove. Amelia called out his name twice, but he did not respond.
Amelia approached Steven and hugged him from behind, her voice soft and tender. "Steve? What's wrong? Why are you lost in your thoughts?" 
Dumbstruck, Steven frantically wiped his tears. However, it was too late, as the woman caught him in the act. "Are you crying, Steve?"
"I'm fine." Steven dropped his head to shy away from her gaze. A teardrop slid across his chin into the pot of milk.
Amelia circled him, then gently placed her hands on his shoulders, turning him to face her. She became anxious and heartbroken to see tear stains on his face. Amelia reached out to touch his face. "Fine? Your eyes are red. What's wrong? Don't hide the truth from me, Steve. Don't scare me!" 
Steven felt his chest tighten. "I'm sorry to put you through everything today, Amelia. I feel angry and useless."
###chapter1517
"Not at all! Don't you ever think that, Steve! I feel happy when I'm with you. You never let me down." Amelia cupped Steven's tear-stained face, her eyes welling up. Every teardrop left a mark on her.
Steven was a strong man, and no one knew that fact more than Amelia. Steven had worked long and hard with Justin and Bella, paving the way for them.
Yet today, Steven hid in the kitchen to cry because of Amelia.
It must take a lot for Steve to strip away his pride and ditch his armor to dwell in sadness.
Steven lowered his drenched lashes, his voice carrying agony. "You're an heiress of the Thompsons, Amelia. You're a princess to Chairman Thompson and Madam Celeste. Mr. Asher and Ms. Bella adore you. I watched you grow. You were carefree when you followed Ms. Bella around with a lollipop. I can remember the moments like they were yesterday. You would live a happy life if it weren't for me. My family and I destroyed your happiness."
Amelia shook her head in tears.
Her worst fear was Steven jumping down a rabbit hole of his thoughts.
Steven choked with sobs and gnashed his teeth. "When you were insulted today, I wished I could—”
Amelia got on her tiptoes and sealed his lips. Closing her eyes, she immersed herself in the kiss.
Steven breathed ruggedly, his eyes half-closed and his chest heaving against hers. Her assets were perky and round under the thin layer of a shirt.
Lust quickly took over.
Gurgle... Gurgle...
The boiling milk in the pot disrupted their intimate moment.
"Hm... The milk will evaporate if you don't turn off the stove soon, Steve." Rosy-cheeked, Amelia caught her breath in his arms.
As reality came back to him, Steven turned off the flames in a flurry and wiped the stove clean.
Once done, he steadied his breath and smiled wryly. "Look, I can't even do the simplest things right."
"No, you're the perfect man to me."
Amelia threw herself in his embrace and held his waist. "Always remember that you are important to me, Steve I won't allow you to put yourself down. I don't want to hear another word about you ruining me. I have a temper. I'm scary when I'm mad." 
While talking, Amelia pouted her luscious lips. The angry look on her face swept the blues away, and Steven curled his lips.
Amelia turned somber. "My family brought me happiness in the past, but together, we'll create our future happiness. Don't feel like you let me down. Life has its ups and downs, and no relationship is perfect. 
"My sisters and I are the apple of Dad's eye, but we all went through highs and lows of relationships. Camilla, who is the First Lady now, had gone through a lot to be with Edward. My family didn't like that Edward was a lot older and poor in health. Camilla went to a foreign land and was kept on her toes for Edward's political campaign. Dad and Aunt Mila even made things difficult for them." 
Steven heard a little about Camilla's love story from Bella.
"But nothing stopped them from being together. It turned out that Camilla was right to persist. Edward is a good husband for her. They pulled through the hardships and could not be happier in their marriage." Amelia looked up and met his eyes. "You will be good to me too, right? You will make me happy just as my sisters are happy in their relationships, right?"
Steven planted his lips on her cheek.
Yes, she got him. She took him by his heart, mind, and soul.
"I promise this is the last time, Amelia. I won't ever put you through what happened today."
###chapter1518
Steven held the love of his life in his arms with tearful eyes. "I may be a Lovett, but I no longer have anything to do with that family the moment they were mean to you."
Amelia was moved and worried. "Steve..."
"I no longer have a home."
Though Steven chuckled helplessly, he felt relieved and liberated. "I am still Steven Lovett, but the heir of the Lovetts is dead."
"Who said you don't have a home?"
Furrowing her brows, Amelia put a finger on his lips. "Home is where I am. My family is your family, too."
The moon, shrouded in a haze, hung high in the velvety night sky.
The pair wound up in bed together.
Even so, Steven, covered up in his pajamas, lay stiffly next to Amelia. Neither crossed the line to each other's side of the bed.
Steven inhaled the lingering scent of Amelia's shower gel, his senses overwhelmed by her warmth and the rhythm of her breathing. Steven swallowed hard again.
A fire stirred in his loins.
Though he prided himself on being a restrained gentleman, it was pure torture to lay next to the love of his life all night.
A wave of scent tickled his nose.
Steven opened his eyes to see Amelia straddling him. As she leaned in, the loose shirt slipped
swne
past her shoulders and to her
waist. 
With his heart beating out of his heart, Steven closed his eyes so as not to violate her with his gaze.
"Open your eyes and look at me." Amelia's lip clung to his ear, and he felt the tingles all over.
He opened his red-rimmed eyes, the sweat in his palms drenching the bedsheets.
"Take me, Steve."
Driven by lust, he cast all reason aside.
Steven rolled over, overpowering
spy voice held a thick
her. His
of raw desire. "Amelia, are sure?" 
Amelia nodded shyly.
"I will never turn my back on you. After tonight, please be my wife."
Love and longing painted Amelia's cheeks rosy, like a flower blooming for him.
"Please take me in forever, Ms. Amelia."
Hot with emotions, Steven
mel.net
addressed Amelia formally and surrendered to her completely Amelia shivered under him SW
Amelia ached for more than a place in Steven's heart.
She yearned to become part of him and find solace in his warmth.
###chapter1519
The sky was gray today, with a drizzle falling from the first light of dawn. However, it was perfect weather to visit the deceased at the graveyard.
Bella and Justin visited Mary again. They even went so far as to tidy up the gravestone and add flowers.
Though Mary was buried six feet underground, the couple's attentiveness and longing would accompany her to her grave. "Bella and I avenged you, Mom. Shannon's been handed the death penalty. You can finally rest in peace after 20 years." Justin took Bella's hand and held it tightly. "Justice has been served. Rest easy."
The couple put their heads down in front of the gravestone.
Footsteps drew close.
"It's Grandpa Nigel!" Bella cocked her head and beamed.
Justin hid his emotions behind his eyes.
Several feet away, Matt pushed Nigel, who was in a wheelchair.
A bouquet of white lilies rested on Nigel's lap. They were Mary's favorite. Before her passing, Mary always made sure Tideview Manor was decorated with fresh lilies.
Even Nigel, Mary's father-in-law, was aware of her preference. Yet Gregory, the husband, had no idea.
Oh, the irony.
"I'll help you, sir."
Matt was about to help Nigel up when the old man propped his arms on the armrest and rose to his feet.
Justin and Bella were taken aback. They were relieved as Nigel stood firmly on his feet.
Nigel solemnly approached the couple with a bouquet in hand. He looked at Justin kindly. "I hope you don't mind if I visit your mother."
Justin shook his head, and his breath hitched.
Bella pursed her lips as tears filled her eyes.
Nigel's health had been on the decline in recent years. He would need a wheelchair for important events, but to pay Justin's mother respect, he ditched the wheelchair and stood before the gravestone.
With a sigh, Nigel presented the
flowers and hung his head low. "My
family had let you down, Mary need to apologize for that. I know the apology means nothing now that you're gone. 
"Don't worry. So long as I'm alive, I will take good care of Justin. I won't let harm and hurt come in the way of your only son and my favorite grandson." 
Justin looked at Nigel in tears.
He did not feel Nigel owed him anything, and the hardship he endured was not a major issue for him.
On the contrary, if Nigel had not taken Justin under his wing, he would have lost his life to Shannon a long time ago.
"I heard that Shannon appealed to the court?" Nigel asked with a frown.
"Yes, Grandpa Nigel, but she's just grasping at straws," Bella replied while taking Justin's arm.
"It's good that she was found guilty."
Nigel grimaced at the thought of Shannon's crimes. "I even thought that I would make her pay and suffer more than Charles if the law didn't come through. Don't keep your problems to yourselves. Just let me know. I'll sort things out for you. I'm not retired completely. I still hold sway in the company." 
"Thank you, Grandpa."
Justin curled his lips with gratitude. "You have done enough for me. I don't want you to be worried about me."
Nigel said with intrigue, "It's never enough, silly child. It's far from enough."
"Dad."
Gregory's unwelcome presence intruded on the otherwise beautiful moment.
Bella turned to Justin with concern.
Justin pulled a sour look, his teeth gnashing. “Shameless!"
"Don't turn things ugly in front of Grandpa Nigel, Justin," Bella murmured, squeezing his cold hand.
Justin took a deep breath and fought back his rage.
"What are you doing here?" Nigel looked at Gregory peevishly.
Gregory pressed his lips together and replied in a hoarse voice, "I miss Mary, Dad. I came to see her."
"You didn't talk about her for the past twenty-odd years. Don't pretend like you care now."
Nigel sneered at the callous man. "You're not just a disgrace to Mary, but to me too!"
###chapter1520
Bella and Justin were lost for words.
Nigel could be mean when he wanted to.
Nevertheless, Nigel was right to set Gregory straight.
"Mary is my wife, Dad. I'm just here to visit her. Why must you be hostile to me?" Unable to take it, Gregory nearly had an outburst in front of his father.
"Your wife? Isn't your wife Shannon, who is on death row?" Nigel scoffed.
Gregory pulled a menacing face, his fingers gripping.
Nigel had never acknowledged Shannon as part of the family for the past two decades. It was a pure insult that Nigel would recognize Shannon as Gregory's wife now.
"The truth about Mary's death only came out twenty years later, Dad. I feel bad."
With bloodshot eyes, Gregory poked his chest. "I brought Mary and Justin back against all odds. Even when you ed to my decision, I persisted. I only did it out of love. You can't insult my love for her." Bella frowned. Gregory's words made her sick, especially when he made that statement in the presence of the deceased.
Justin kept a blank face, feeling nothing about the situation.
Mary had been gone for years.
It was disgusting that Gregory did not appreciate Mary when she was alive and showed affection when she was gone.
"Yes, you loved Mary. I couldn't believe it when you begged me to welcome them into the family. That was out of character for you. The man who fought for love in tears was my aloof son."
Nigel snapped a cold glance at
Gregory. "I thought Mary brought the love out of you, but I overestimated you. You were only obsessed with her because she was different from the heiresses you encountered She stood out from the crowd you were used to. Besides, you loved a good competition. You always got what you wanted, whether it was toys, power, or women. 
"You could've just lived a good life with Mary, but you lost interest because she was reserved. That was when Shannon showed up and got you wrapped around her little finger. She stirred trouble at home and walked all over Mary, leading to the irreversible tragedy we have in our hands."
Nigel grew indignant and felt
embarrassed in front of Mary's gravestone didn't expect you to leave the good woman and choose a wicked one instead. Gregory, the
psycho behind bars is your wisene
Instead of pretending like you care here, you are better off seeing Shannon for the last time. That's the least you can do as her husband.
Don't be an eyesore to Mary."
Nigel struck where it hurt the most.
Gregory opened his pale, dry lips, but the embarrassment choked his words back.
"Come on, Justin, Anna. Come home with me. My newly hired chef will make you something to eat." Nigel turned to the couple happily.
The pair responded and helped Nigel up. "Alright, Grandpa,"
Gregory watched emotionally as Nigel, Justin, and Bella brushed past him like he was nothing to them.
"Why are you still here?"
Nigel snapped at the stiff man. "You
are responsible for Mary's death too. If it wasn't for you, Shannon wouldn't have joined the family and started anything. Justin wouldn't have lost his mother at an early age.
If
you have come to repent, get
down on your knees and apologize. The accomplice doesn't deserve to stand before the deceased."
###chapter1521
Upon hearing it, Bella and Justin shared a glance, their hearts beating in resonance.
Gregory stared at their leaving figures, the blood draining from his face as if he were submerged in freezing water.
Three luxury cars were parked in a row outside the cemetery.
Bella and Justin got in the first car, and Nigel sat in the second.
Not long after, Gregory walked out with his secretary, looking deflated.
"Mr. Gregory."
Matt came forward at this moment, saying respectfully, "Old Master Nigel has requested for you to get in the car. He wants to talk to you." Gregory's gaze darkened.
The father and son sat in the car, shoulders touching, but an invisible wall seemed to stand tall between them.
"Dad, do you have anything else to say to me?" Gregory asked softly.
Nigel stared straight in front, his tone calm. "Now that Shannon had confessed and was sentenced, she could not escape death, unless you're still unwilling to give up on that wretch, trying to fight for a lesser sentence for her.
"But I don't mind telling you that I will definitely make Shannon pay with her life for Justin's mother. No one could change that. I've endured that wicked woman for too long. Now, I only want her to die quickly." Gregory's face burned, and he gritted his teeth. "No, Dad. I've seen through her true colors now. I won't interfere anymore."
"Good."
Nigel's voice was low and heavy. "Justin is our Salvador family's rightful heir, but because of that wicked woman's schemes and your
neglect back then, he had to line
the awkward identity of an illegitimate child and endure in silence for twenty years. Now that the truth has come to light, you should think of a way to clear Justin's name." 
Gregory lowered his head, agreeing, "You are right. In this matter... I have failed them both."
"Then how are you planning to make it up to Justin?"
"Too many things have happened in the past few days, and I'm dealing with them. After everything is settled, I'll consider it carefully."
"I know you're busy, so I've thought of it for you."
Nigel turned to look at him, his gaze imposing. "As the president, Justin worked tirelessly for the company without complaint, yet you made a fuss to try obstructing his path to the board. Although I'm not involved much in company matters, I still know about them.
"You're also clear about our family's situation. Grant is in poor health, and the girls are not suited for this.
Justin is the only one who can carry the burden. Therefore, I plan to transfer the shares under my name to Justin, granting him a higher
percentage of shares in lvador
Corporation and giving him enough leverage. This way, those old geezers who have always opposed him will have nothing to say." 
Gregory's pupils contracted. "Dad, you..."
With this, Justin would hold over 30% of the corporation's shares, which meant that Justin's vote could be the deciding factor in the company's major discussions. This elevated Justin's status.
"Not only that, but I'll also transfer my shares and position in Salvador Biotech and Prosper Tourism and Entertainment to Justin. From now on, not only is he the Salvador Corporation's president, he will be Salvador Biotech's major shareholder and Prosper's board of directors." 
Nigel's casual words undoubtedly brought a huge shock to Gregory and the whole Salvador Corporation.
###chapter1522
It was well known that even though Nigel had stepped down as the chairman of Salvador Corporation, he still held shares and remains a shareholder and honorary chairman of multiple companies. He was still in control of Salvador Biotech and Prosper. Gregory always wanted to get involved, but Nigel never gave him the chance.
But now he gave these two companies to Justin like it was nothing!
His actions were an unparalleled display of favoritism. He was also announcing to the whole world that Justin was the chosen one, the future successor of the Salvador Corporation.
"Why aren't you saying anything? Are you unsatisfied with my decision?" Nigel asked coldly.
"Dad, you must have made this decision after thinking it through carefully."
Gregory paused and then said, “But Justin is still young after all. You gave him too much... I'm afraid he'd feel pressured and have his attention diverted. It wouldn't be good for his future."
"I know what my grandchild is capable of. Even if there's a hole in the sky, he could fill it up. During the years Justin served as president, you didn't have to worry about anything, did you? Justin handled everything, didn't he? This child thrives under pressure. Pressuring him would only unlock his limitless potential!
"Besides, he would have to go to the Thompson family to ask for Bella's hand in the future. Wyatt is the wealthiest man in Hatchbay. How could I not prepare more betrothal gifts for my grandchild to elevate his status? His in-laws would look down on him. My grandson could not be humiliated!" When Nigel spoke, his eyes were full of hope for the young couple's future.
He was already picturing his wonderful retired life, playing with his great-grandchildren.
Gregory wanted to talk back, but he held it in.
He knew that if he continued speaking, it would only enrage Nigel instead, prompting him to give Justin more power.
Nigel leaned back casually, waving his hand at Gregory, who looked gloomy. "Get out. I'm going to have a meal with my grandson and granddaughter-in-law. I won't invite you lest you ruin our harmonious atmosphere."
Across the oceans, in Meridan.
The room was decorated artistically, and the beautiful field of flowers outside the window complemented each other. The melodious chirping of birds echoes in one's ears. It was a breathtaking and picturesque scene. 
A digital chessboard was shown on the screen. Christopher was playing chess with a man sitting behind a curtain.
Placed before Christopher was a real crystal chessboard, and every time he moved a piece, it would reflect correspondingly on the screen.
"Mr. Iverson, since you're here, you should spend more time with your mother and be a good son. You don't need to come and socialize with me." The man smiled leisurely.
Christopher said respectfully, "Sir, my loyalty to you is unwavering. This isn't just socializing for me."
"You've worked hard recently. But now that Shannon is down, those two might focus their attacks on you. You must be mentally prepared. Don't fall into their traps."
"I'll look out for them." Christopher's gaze darkened.
The man picked up a chess piece,
swiftly knocking over Christopher's knight. "Now, James is the only obstacle in your family. After getting rid of him, our business could use
the Kerson Group's connections to expand in the country." S
"I will speed things up. I won't keep you waiting."
"Clarice, Mr. Iverson's tea has gone cold. Go pour him a fresh cup." The man's voice had a hint of ambiguous amusement.
"Yes, Sir."
A graceful figure moved, and the crisp sound of high heels echoed behind the curtains.
Christopher's eyes narrowed slightly, and he adjusted his glasses. He saw a woman with long black hair, wearing a white robe, walking toward him.
###chapter1523
"Mr. Iverson, this is the Marco Polo airlifted over here this morning. Please have a taste if it suits your palate."
The woman's thin hands moved expertly and elegantly over the tea tray. Her skilled way of making tea was a pleasure to watch.
Soon, a new cup of tea was gently placed before Christopher.
The aromatic steam wafted upward. Through the mist, the woman named Clarice had a beautiful and aloof face. The contradicting characteristics blended seamlessly in her, and her fair skin was flawless, like fine porcelain.
Everyone around this man behind the scenes was outstanding, all carefully nurtured.
Those problematic ones who were not up to par had long disappeared from the world without a trace.
"Thank you, Ms. Amaryllis." Christopher held the teacup. His complicated gaze still had not shifted away from Clarice's face.
Her temperament was similar to someone whom he loved and cherished dearly in his heart...
"Mr. Iverson, why are you staring at me? Do I have something on my face?" Clarice asked with a faint smile.
"No. Apologies for my rude behavior." Christopher's pupils contracted, and he quickly retracted his gaze.
The man chuckled behind the curtains. "Clarice, you're too beautiful. Humans are attracted to beautiful things. Mr. Iverson, how does my Clarice compare to your Bella?"
Christopher's heart tightened, and he
answered carefully, "Sorry, sir.
Although Ms. Amaryllis is great, Bella is the love of my life. She is the most beautiful woman in my heart, and nobody could replace her." 
The man smiled faintly as he took a sip of tea. "What a romantic. But Mr. Iverson, you must have heard the saying that love breeds hatred."
"Let her hate me. I've already admitted defeat to her in this life." Christopher could not help but smile bitterly, thinking about the intense confrontation that day on the plane, his heart still aching.
"Haha... Mr. Iverson, you'd better
avoid saying such inauspicious
words in case they come true. If you were really destroyed at her hands, I'm not sure if she'd be upset, but Sir definitely will. Losing you is like losing an arm. How will we continue our business in Sentania? Finding another excellent man like you to take the lead is not easy." 
Clarice smiled sweetly, a dark glint flashing across her eyes. "Ms. Thompson is not only a warrior among women but also an
unattainable flower that makes net
like you and Mr. Salvador bow down to her. This makes me much more excited to meet Ms. Thompson. I can't wait to meet the woman of Mr.
Iverson's dreams again." 
Christopher paused as he raised his teacup to his lips, glancing at Clarice suspiciously.
Again?
Could Clarice have met Bella before?
How was that possible?
Ever since he knew this woman, she had stayed by Sir's side. She had never been to Savrow, let alone had any interactions with Bella. Clarice stood up and returned to the man's side, moving behind him and gently massaging his shoulders.
"Sir, when do you plan to return to Savrow?"
###chapter1524
Christopher's gaze darkened. "Shannon is a discarded chess piece now. Justin dominates Salvador Corporation, with nobody left to stand against him. I'm afraid Chairman Salvador might cede power to him again out of guilt for him and his mother, coupled with the pressure from Old Master Nigel. If that happens, wouldn't he be unstoppable in the Salvador Corporation, like a tiger with wings?"
"Make your move." The man's voice was light as he moved a chess piece.
Christopher pursed his lips, about to move, when the man smiled and spoke again. "Mr. Iverson, are you in a hurry for me to return because you care about me, or do you want an extra helper you could use? Do you want to use me to tie up Justin so you can get Ms. Thompson?"
"No, Sir. Everything I do is for you. I have no such intentions!" Christopher broke out into a cold sweat, immediately expressing his loyalty.
"It's not a problem to help you. But how many times have I helped you? Yet you still haven't made any progress with Ms. Thompson. Instead, you seem to be pushing her further away. It's better to rely on yourself than ask others for help. Relying on others is futile." The man advised Christopher like an elder.
"Mr. Iverson, didn't you ask for that type of drug from Sir? Haven't you used it yet?" Clarice blinked, acting concerned for Christopher. "If you think the drug isn't effective, our research lab's newest product has a stronger effect. If you use it on Ms. Thompson, I believe she will be obedient to you. You can take a shortcut with matters of love."
Christopher's brows furrowed, and he gripped his teacup tightly.
"Enough, Clarice. Stop making fun of Mr. Iverson."
The man returned to a serious tone. "The DAD0044 drug has officially entered the experimental stage, but we have a small problem now."
Christopher straightened his back. "Please tell me."
"My research institute has invested an immeasurable amount of money and manpower into the development of this drug, vowing to take the lead in creating a cure for Parkinson's disease. If DAD0044 succeeds in experimenting, it could be said to make a historic contribution to the field of medical science, and the resulting profits would be an astronomical number."
A slight breeze ruffled the curtains,
and the man's smile sounded
pleasant. "At that time, the four great families will be beneath my feet, and even buying the Salvador Corporation would be a piece of cake." 
QUA
Christopher's eyes lit up, leaning forward. "Sir, Parkinson's disease has some similarities to Alzheimer's. DAD0044... Could it possibly cure Alzheimer's as well?!"
The man nodded, seeing through Christopher's thoughts. "As long as we succeed in developing DAD0044, curing your mother's disease will be just a matter of time."
Thinking of the long years of
suffering from the illness his mother went through and finally having a hope this time, Christopher became so excited that his voice trembled. "Sir, whatever you need, I'm at your command. I'll do whatever it takes!" 
The man drank tea leisurely while Clarice spoke on behalf of him. "Our newest intel states that the Larson family is also developing a similar drug, and their progress is faster than ours We tried to send spies to steal their experimental data several times but failed. Dragging this will ruin Sir's plans, and the Larson family even obtained the government's support for their research. If they succeed in releasing their drug on the market ahead of us, all of Sir's efforts would be for nothing, and our losses would be significant." 
Christopher's brows furrowed. "Sir, do you want me to hinder the Larson family's research development? Forgive me for being frank, but if you couldn't do it, how could I..." "I want you to push our experiment's progress."
The man's voice suddenly turned sharp, losing the hint of amusement. "No matter what, I must release DAD0044 before the Larson family."
Clarice picked up a box on the table and walked to Christopher again, placing it before him.
"For a new drug to be marketed, it needs to undergo countless experiments and clinical trials. It would take a year at the very least, and if we fail, it might take three or even five years." Clarice looked at him coldly. "Sir wants you to take this batch of drugs and carry out experiments on live humans."
"Human... Experiment?" Christopher was stunned, his throat feeling as if strangled by a large hand.
###chapter1525
"Mr. Iverson, are you afraid?"
Clarice snorted. "Even I know clearly about the things you did in Sentania. Now, we're just searching for someone to sacrifice for a cause that would benefit generations to come. Mr. Iverson, are you hesitant?” Christopher's dark gaze shot toward the woman's mocking and contemptuous face.
No, this woman was not at all like Bella. Bella was the only ray of light in his dark life-the beautiful butterfly fluttering around in his cold and hellish world.
Bella was his angel, while Clarice was merely a cold-blooded tool that Sir found-beautiful, obedient, and handy.
"Clarice, don't say that. After all, it's a human life. It's reasonable for Mr. Iverson to have concerns." The man's voice was gentle, but the underlying threat was not to be ignored.
Christopher's breath hitched, and he said in a low voice, "I'll complete the task you've given me, Sir."
"Thank you, Mr. Iverson. When you start the experiment, I'll need you to assign someone to record the data and observe the subject's reaction. Clarice will send you the details in two days." The man's smile deepened, obviously satisfied with Christopher's answer.
"Sir, I'd like to ask, are there any side effects to DAD0044?" Christopher pushed his glasses with a cautious gaze.
"Mental confusion and convulsion are the more obvious ones. We're still observing the hidden side effects."
Clarice rubbed her chin as if she were thinking. "Hmm..... It's similar to a drug addict's relapse.”
Christopher's hands gradually clenched on his lap. "Sir, forgive my question, but why don't you do it in Meridan? The regulations there are not as strict as in Savrow, and I'm in a deadlock with Bella and Justin, which you know. They might be monitoring all of my movements. Although I'm more than willing to serve you, my situation now isn't great. I'm afraid it might hinder your plans."
"Our base is here. I don't want any
problems to arise in my territory,
affecting my plans. I want younet
t
carry out the experiment in Savrow as a fallback plan for us." S
"Fallback plan?"
"If necessary, we can shove the trouble onto the Larson family."
Being a smart man, Christopher had already understood what to do.
"I've also found a suitable subject for you. DAD0044's side effects are similar to drug withdrawal symptoms, so if people who take drugs are injected with it, we could cover it up as a drug relapsedt will not raise suspicion from the police." 
Christopher nodded, feeling enlightened. "I understand. Thank you for your guidance, Sir."
"Checkmate. Good game, Mr. Iverson."
The crystal chess piece dropped onto the board, signaling Christopher's defeat.
Christopher curled his lips in
admiration and helplessness,
knowing that it was a hint for him to
leave. He stood up respectfully. "Sir,
it's about time. I won't disturb your rest any longer. I know you like antiques, so I prepared a special gift for you." 
As he spoke, he clapped his hands.
The door slowly opened from both sides, and Yvonne walked in elegantly, holding a box made of purple sandalwood.
Staring at the face with a striking resemblance to Bella, Clarice's eyes flashed with a glint of vicious light.
###chapter1526
"It's been some time, Ms. Smith. You still look amazing." The man stared at Yvonne's exquisite face, smiling leisurely.
"Thank you for your praise, Sir." Yvonne lowered her head, responding humbly.
"This is expected of the child that Mr. Iverson personally nurtured for many years-gentle, elegant, dignified, and generous. Sometimes, I even think that she's Ms. Thompson. Ms. Smith is truly the most perfect substitute I've seen."
Yvonne's expression remained unchanged, but her eyes darkened immediately.
The word "substitute" turned all of the praise from the man into sarcasm.
Christopher did not continue the topic. Instead, he opened the box and presented the antique vase to the man. "This is an 18th-century vase I acquired at an auction in Inalia. It's a small token. Please accept
it."
Clarice raised her brows.
She had kept an eye on this antique vase before for the man, but it was bought for a staggering $5 billion by an anonymous buyer. She did not expect the buyer to be Christopher.
Christopher was indeed a considerate and dedicated lapdog.
The man nodded slightly. "Thank you, Mr. Iverson. Please give your full attention to DAD0044."
Christopher bowed deeply. "Rest assured. I will give it my all."
After the two left, the aromatic room fell into silence.
"Sir, between the face you bestowed upon me and Yvonne's face, which resembles Bella Thompson, which do you think is more beautiful?" Clarice's hands rested gently on the man's shoulders as she leaned and whispered into his ear.
The man's eyebrows arched slightly, and he patted his lap twice.
Clarice obediently moved in front of him, kneeling at his feet. She lifted her radiant face and looked at him with eyes brimming with affection.
"No matter how much Yvonne looks like Bella, she will never be her. She's only a low-tier substitute created to satisfy Christopher's desires."
The man leaned forward, his fingers lifting her chin slowly. "You are your own self, a work of art I carefully crafted. How could a boring replica compare to a thing that belongs to me?"
Upon hearing it, Clarice's dark eyes flickered slightly.
The man was like a supreme being who looked down upon the world seeing everything in terms of whether it belonged to him or not. Therefore, she did not mind being called a "thing". 
"Sir, forgive me for being frank."
Clarice knelt and massaged his legs with appropriate pressure. "I think now is the most suitable time for you to return. As Christopher said the best way to manipulate a man is to play on his sympathy. I'm worried that Gregory will hand
of the Salvador Corn Over the reins
Justin out of guilt." 
The man chuckled. "He won't."
"Besides, now that Shannon has completely fallen, Bethany's existence in the Salvador family has no meaning anymore."
Clarice said, "Why don't you leak the secrets you know to take down both mother and daughter? Having useless chess pieces on the board will only get in the way." "How do you know she's useless before the very end?"
Clarice was shocked.
"My grandfather always told me that we shouldn't be wasteful. Being thrifty is a traditional virtue."
The man's tall figure leaned back comfortably. "So I must use every piece to its full potential, to honor my grandfather's teachings."
Clarice could not help sneering. "Does it include Christopher?"
The man coughed lightly, picked up his teacup, and sipped elegantly. "I hope he gives me a satisfactory result with the drug experiment. Otherwise, our relationship will end here."
On judgment day, Shannon appealed in court.
Ten days later, the second trial upheld the initial decision-the death penalty.
From that moment on, Shannon felt as if she had gone blind. She curled into a ball at the corner of the cell from morning to night, blankly staring at the small iron window, watching from dawn till dusk. Then, everything she looked at was like a dark and filthy fog.
###chapter1527
Shannon recalled her life, which was undoubtedly glorious. But each step she took to climb higher required someone to become her climbing stone, someone to pay for her vanity. Mary was the first person she killed.
Unexpectedly, it was this woman, who had been dead for twenty years, who ultimately gave her the fatal blow.
The truth was that Shannon had regretted it long ago.
That woman did not have to die. What would it have mattered if Mary had lived?
But at that time, it was as if Shannon had been possessed, consumed with hatred for Mary, acting arrogantly because she had Gregory's love. Shannon thought she could control the world under that man's protection.
In the end, the love Gregory gave her was nothing but a ridiculous mirage.
Shannon grabbed her hair with both hands, fiercely pulling out strands of gray hair with such force that the pain sobered her up, letting her see through Gregory's selfish and cold nature. He never loved her.
Shannon also did not believe that he had truly loved Mary.
Otherwise, how could he accept that Mary committed suicide so easily twenty years ago?
Shannon's bloodshot eyes widened, and she kept muttering madly, "Gregory... One day... You will get your karma... You will pay for your indifference! I will be watching you... In heaven!"
The day passed.
"0742, you have a visitor."
As she committed a grave crime, Shannon was not only cuffed when she walked into the visitor's room, but her feet were also shackled.
The mental stress and overexertion of her eyes caused her sight to deteriorate rapidly, making her unable to distinguish people three meters away.
Shannon looked gaunt and wilted. She wanted to refuse, but now, with no one left to care about in the world, she was curious to see who had the time to witness her final downfall. "Who are you?"
"Mom..."
Shannon's gloomy pupils contracted, and with the sound of shackles clanking, she stumbled toward the glass window!
In her blurred vision, Carrie's fair face gradually became distinct.
Shannon widened her eyes, her two withered hands pressing against the glass with full force. She opened her mouth and asked tentatively after a while "Carrie? Is that you? Are you Carrie?" 
Carrie looked at the unfamiliar face of her mother, her eyes reddening. She nodded.
Standing beside her, Ryan quickly held his girlfriend's slightly trembling shoulders, rubbing and comforting her softly.
He could not believe that the woman before him, with hair as dry as withered grass and a face mottled like peeling paint, was the once glamorous, youthful wife of a business tycoon.
Shannon's chest heaved heavily,
tears streaming down her trembling
lips. "Mr. Hoffman... You know about Carrie's condition, right? You shouldn't have let her come to this kind of place... It's not good for her."
Ryan's brows furrowed. He was just about to speak when Carrie slowly said, "I asked Ryan to bring me here."
"Carrie..."
Shannon sobbed uncontrollably, tears and snot staining her face. "I knew... I knew you were the kindest child... I knew you couldn't bear to let me die..."
But the next second, her rekindled hope was extinguished by words that pierced her heart again.
"I came to see you for the last time, not because I forgive you."
Carrie took a deep breath, tears of anger swelling in her eyes. "I only want to know. Why... Why did you hurt innocent people?! Justin treats me so well... Why are you so cruel to kill his mother? Why?!"
###chapter1528
Faced with her daughter's heart-wrenching question, Shannon felt her heart tremble in excruciating pain.
Shannon hated Justin, but she had to admit that he really treated Carrie well, even better than herself, as Carrie's mother.
Now that Shannon thought about it, Justin did not seem so hateful anymore.
But what could she do? There could only be one Mrs. Salvador. Mary was an enemy Gregory chose for her.
After a moment of silence, Shannon slowly said, "At that time... I was already pregnant with your sister. I want a name for myself... I want to fight for a better life for my children and a better future..." "You got it afterward. Dad accepted you, and you reached your goal. But why did you still kill Justin's mother?!
"Justin never hated me or gave me the cold shoulder because I am your daughter! Annie, too... They saw me as their sister, giving me care and concern I'd never experienced before... They gave me all of that! They are my benefactors... How could you be so cruel?!"
Carrie was not a fool. She knew how selfish her mother was, and she understood her mother's negligence toward her.
She even felt inferior in her heart, blaming herself.
She hated that she was not as healthy as her sister and that she was not a boy. If so, perhaps Grandpa would accept her mother, and her mother would not have to walk on eggshells at home. Her mother would not have to spend all her focus trying to stabilize her status, living a life of constant pretense and scheming.
But never in her dreams would she think that her mother would kill someone for her selfish gains.
"If my luxurious life was bought with someone else's blood, I'd rather have never been born into this world... I'd rather give up being the fourth daughter of the Salvador family!" Carrie's eyes reddened and her fingers clenched tightly as she trembled violently in Ryan's arms.
"Darling... Don't get so worked up. Calm down..."
Ryan panicked when he saw her state. He hugged her tightly, resting his chin on her head while comforting her softly. "Honey, didn't we agree not to get angry no matter what topic it is? It's not good for your health and would only worsen your condition."
Carrie gritted her teeth. Leaning against the man's warm chest, she gradually calmed her surging emotions.
Shannon's dim eyes did not blink, and only beads of tears rolled down her cheeks, full of painful repentance. "Back then... I was possessed. I wanted to overcome my social class and become someone important. I've had enough of poverty since I was young. Those expired food and tattered clothes made me inferior, and I could never raise my head high. Then... I was scouted into the entertainment industry. did everything it took to climb the ladder only because I didn't want to return to those cold and hungry days..."
"But do you know what kind of life Justin's mother had to endure?"
Facing Shannon's grievances, Ryan's eyes turned red, void of pity but rather full of indignance. "Mary took Justin, who was not recognized by the Salvador family, and lived in a slum full of mixed riffraff for five years! Her body was weak, so she could not find work. Justin, who was five years old, shouldered the family's burden so that they would not starve to death.
"Mary merely wanted basic living requirements. Even if Gregory brought her back to the Salvador family, even if you're the mistress, she never thought of fighting you for any status! It was your insatiable greed and endless desires that caused you to kill an innocent and kind woman for your own gain! You even nearly killed Justin!
"Shannon, even though you are Carrie's mother, I still have to say this. You deserve to die!"
Carrie looked at Shannon's pale face, drowned in tears. Pain and hatred filled her heart, leaving her speechless.
"I know that my words don't mean anything now. My crimes and Mary's life... I will pay them back."
Shannon pressed her tear-streaked face against the glass, staring at her daughter with wide eyes. "Carrie! It was all my fault. It has nothing to do with you... Don't do anything stupid! You must live well... You're still young, and Mr. Hoffman loves you... Your future will be bright!"
She then looked worriedly at Ryan. "Mr. Hoffman, you will take care of Carrie, right? Will you marry her?"
"I will."
Ryan's hand gradually tightened on
Carrie's
as a
s shoulder, his gaze firma
cable. "My wife will
will
No one else." S
"Good... Good..."
only
Shannon smiled with relief, wiping

her tears. "Carrie, when you get married, you should have some dowry. I still have a few pieces of jewelry in the safe by my bedside. The password is 0814. Take it. It's all can give you now." 
The password was the date Shannon entered the Salvador family.
What was once a proud achievement now holds no meaning to her.
"No need..." Carrie shook her head, still tearful.
"When Carrie marries me, all she needs to bring is herself, not dowry." Ryan's eyes were cold as he refused firmly.
"Prisoner 0742, your time is up." The guard's indifferent voice came from the door.
Shannon's heart tightened, her fingers curling tightly on the glass as if trying to grasp something.
"Goodbye, Mom."
Carrie slowly stood up. Ryan wrapped his arm around her waist, and the couple turned around, walking toward the iron door.
"Carrie!"
Their footsteps halted.
"Be careful of your sister."
Shannon wanted to say that she loved her, but at this point, a murderer like her did not deserve to speak of motherly love.
Carrie did not look back.
From now on, Carrie would never see her mother again, nor would she want to.
The iron door closed heavily, and Shannon broke into tears.
When Carrie was still a baby, Shannon would hold her in her arms, singing nursery rhymes tirelessly and telling stories. Those times were so beautiful. 
If possible, Shannon wanted to live again.
If she had another chance, she vowed to be a better mother.
###chapter1529
As they left the prison, Ryan kept Carrie in his embrace the whole time. The man's warm breath surrounded her, but Carrie still trembled slightly against his chest.
"Honey, you..." Ryan pursed his lips, suddenly at a loss for words.
What should he say to comfort her?
"We'll come next time" and "my condolences" would not do.
"Ryan." Carrie hung her head low, her eyes still swollen, with tears on her eyelashes. "Thank you... Thank you for letting me see her one last time. It's enough, really... I won't ask anything more from you in the future."
"Honey! What are you saying?!"
Ryan immediately panicked, quickly kneeling before her on one knee and grabbing her cold hands. He looked into her moist eyes with an anxious gaze. "What do you mean you won't ask anything more?! Then what do you need me for? What motivation do I have to fight for power? What will I have to look forward to?!"
"Ryan..." Carrie took a small step back.
"From now on, whatever you want or wish to do, just say the word. No matter what you ask for, I will satisfy you."
Thinking of how Carrie lost her composure in front of him that day, Ryan felt a surge of pain in his heart, and his throat turned dry. "Carrie... You are the one I love most. I want to give you the whole world. It was my fault that day. I shouldn't strip you of your right to see your mother one last time. It will never happen again, I swear."
Carrie suddenly threw herself at Ryan, tears welling up, her thin arms wrapping around the man's neck as she hugged him tightly.
"I don't have a mother anymore..."
"Don't be afraid. You have your husband, a brother and sister-in-law who loves you, and Grandpa."
Ryan patted Carrie's back, saying, "Don't cry, babe. Take my hand, and I will make you the happiest woman in the world."
He had enough courage and patience to love her.
He was only afraid that he would not do well enough. He was afraid of making her angry and pushing her heart further away from him.
Yasmin stood beside the car, watching this heartwarming scene from a distance as she smiled in relief.
Her boss finally had a home. She hoped he would hold his wife's hand forever.
Yasmin drove the luxury car steadily through the bustling streets in Savrow.
"Honey, why don't we go on a trip? Do you want to go to Inalia for an art exhibition, see the Northern Lights, or visit Regarton's famous square to feed some pigeons?" Ryan took Carrie's hand, planting a warm kiss on the back of it.
Yasmin looked at the rearview mirror and reminded him in a low voice. "Mr. Hoffman, the board meeting is scheduled to be held soon, and it's related to your official appointment. You need to get prepared..." "Nothing can stop me from accompanying my wife."
Ryan's eyes narrowed, and he grabbed Carrie's thin waist. "Besides, what is there to prepare? Apart from me, there's only my uncle. If Grandfather isn't senile, he should know that the Hoffman Group would have no future if he gave it. to
my
uncle. The Hoffman Group can only be mine." 
"You are right."
Yasmin agreed, but she could not help worrying "However, it's always good to be cautious. Liam always loves attention, yet he has been quiet since he lost the fight for the racecourse hotel. I'm a little worried about it. There's something suspicious about this, so it's better to be on guard." 
Ryan was unwilling to talk about such cunning schemes in front of his soft-hearted Carrie, so he curled his lips gently and asked with a hoarse voice, "Honey, have you thought of where to go?" Carrie was feeling very down and uninterested in everything.
However, she knew that Ryan would be upset if she was unhappy. She forced herself to cheer up and said softly, "I... I want to visit the Savrow Art Academy."
She genuinely loved everything about art and understood the implication of Yasmin's words, aware that Ryan would be busy for the upcoming period. It was best that he did not leave Savrow for now.
"What a coincidence!" Ryan's eyes
curved with a bright smile. "I've been
inquiring about the Savrow Art Academy, asking if I could arrange for you to listen in on their classes. I could even hire professional tutors and rent a classroom for you. If you like, you could stay there from morning to night." 
Carrie was overwhelmed with gratitude, and she rubbed her nose against his chest.
Ryan placed his palm on the back of her head, his breath growing heavier, feeling as if his heart was about to melt.
"Yasmin. From now on, assign someone to keep an eye on Bethany Salvador." Ryan's expression turned cold.
"I've always been monitoring Bethany's movements, but she's probably afraid of humiliating herself, never taking a step out of Tideview Manor since the trial." Yasmin understood him perfectly. "Why are you doing this?" Carrie was confused.
"Have you forgotten what your mother's final words were?"
Ryan frowned slightly, feeling uneasy when he thought of Shannon's last words. "I believe that a person's dying words are sincere. There must be a reason that she asked you to be careful of your sister."
###chapter1530
Since Shannon was sentenced to death and Bethany was humiliated in public in the court's hallway, Bethany felt that what was left of her status at home had completely vanished and that whatever childhood filter her father had for her was shattered.
She had always relied on Shannon like a parasitic leech. She had also spent money like it was water.
However, Shannon's personal assets were confiscated by the government. All her secret savings stored under Shannon's name were gone overnight.
Apart from the two private properties Gregory bought for Bethany, two luxury cars, and the $3 million in her bank account, Bethany had nothing.
Bethany was used to spending money lavishly, so the feeling of not having money made her itch unbearably, as if she were covered in lice.
Gregory would notice if she sold the luxury cars and properties, but what could she do with just $3 million? It was not even enough for her to tip the male escorts!
After fretting about it for two days, Bethany suddenly thought of the safe by Shannon's bedside. Her few pieces of jewelry should not be confiscated yet. They would be worth at least $1 billion if she sold them. Therefore, Bethany immediately ran toward Shannon's bedroom, heading straight to the bedside with bloodshot eyes.
She dragged the entire safe to the table, staring greedily at the combination lock.
Her fingers were numb after trying a dozen times, punching in all the numbers related to the Salvador family and Shannon herself that she could remember, yet the safe remained sealed.
"Fuck! Why did you set such a complicated password? Did you think you could bring them to your grave after you die?!"
Bethany jumped in anger, storming out to find a large hammer.
When she re-entered the room, hammer in hand, she was dumbfounded.
Two exceptionally handsome men appeared in the room-Justin and Ryan!
"You... Why are you here?" Bethany shivered as she took a step back.
In the past, she would get excited at the sight of Ryan, but now she only felt fear.
Justin sat upright on the sofa, his handsome face expressionless, not even bothering to glance at Bethany.
"I came to retrieve some stuff for my wife."
Ryan's lean figure leaned against the table, his narrow eyes carrying a hint of mockery, and he patted the safe. "Whatever is in this safe belongs to Carrie now."
Bethany's pupils contracted, her voice turning sharp. "What nonsense are you spouting now? There's nothing of hers in here! Don't touch that safe... My mother left it for me!" Ryan raised his brows, his temper flaring up. He suddenly knocked heavily on the safe three times.
Bang! Bang! Bang!
"Ah! Stop knocking it!" Bethany jumped in panic, afraid that he would shatter the jewelry inside.
Justin shifted his gaze to Ryan, looking speechless. He could not imagine that his immature best friend would be the future head of the Hoffman family.
He hoped Ryan would not lead the Hoffman family to ruin.
"This is my home! This is my mother's room... She left this safe for me! You... You guys... Don't dream of snatching it away from me!" Bethany widened her bloodshot eyes, screaming hysterically.
The next second, Ryan punched in the four-digit passcode, and with a click, the safe opened effortlessly.
Bethany's mouth hung open in shock, staring with disbelief at the scene before her!
"How could it be... I don't even know the passcode... How could you..."
"I've said that the things inside are not yours. Your mother left it for my wife."
Ryan tilted his head, his lips curling into an infuriating smirk. "If you want them, you can go visit your mother one last time in prison. Remember to sweet-talk her. Maybe then she'll grant you some good stuff if she's happy. But you should act fast, or she might not be around anymore." 
Bethany's vision blackened with fury.
Did Shannon tell Carrie the safe's passcode? Was that why Ryan came over to take the things for her? That damned idiot! Her brain seemed to be working fine during critical moments. Justin parted his thin lips. "There's quite a bit here. Do you want me to ask the butler to prepare a box for you?"
"No need. I brought my own."
As he spoke, Ryan pulled a woven bag from his back pocket, and with a casual sweep of his hand, he secured all of the priceless gems.
Justin's brows twitched.
Good grief. It was like a bandit raiding a jewelry store.
After the two men left, Bethany, hammer still in hand, stood frozen in place. She looked at the empty safe, her head throbbing as if the hammer had hit her.
Finally, after a long time, she let out a wail, sobbing hysterically.
At that moment, her phone rang.
Bethany wiped the tears and snot away from her face, squinting her swollen eyes as she stared at the screen.
What came into view was a name she had not seen for long.
Bethany's heart tightened, and she pressed the answer button, cautiously putting the phone by her ear.
"Hello...?"
The person on the other end said lazily, in a mocking tone, "You sound terrible. Why? Are you mourning for your mother?"
Bethany gritted her teeth. "Zoe Hoffman... Your mouth is still so foul!"
"It's been a long time. Did you miss me?"
"Ha... All that talk, but you're still stuck in Inalia, unable to even return to Savrow!"
"Who said couldn't return? Ryan
wants to treat me like a criminal and
lock me up, throwing aside our
sibling ties for a fool. How could I let
him off so easily?!" Zoe's voice was dripping with venom.
###chapter1531
After listening to her words, Bethany's mind spun as she stumbled to her feet. "You... You're able to come back? When are you planning to return? Are you back to take revenge on Ryan?!"
Zoe gritted her teeth fiercely. "He made my life hell. How can I let him have his way?! From the moment he slapped me three times at the party in front of Bella, Justin, and all the elite of Savrow, we're no longer family. We're enemies!"
"Yeah, Ryan went overboard! He hasn't even married Carrie yet, and he's already abandoned his sister and defied his mother. If they really got married, what would happen to you and your mother?!" Bethany sniffed, backstabbing Carrie and fanning the flames.
"Hmph, don't act like you're concerned for me. All that talk, but you're just hoping for me to return so you can use me to avenge yourself, right?"
Zoe saw through Bethany's despicable thoughts and sneered. "Your backing has collapsed. Without your mother, what fight do you have left? You can only watch as your retarded sister marries into a wealthy family and surpasses you."
Bethany thought about the jewelry Ryan snatched from her and how it would soon belong to Carrie. She was so mad that she trembled violently, her body aching with rage.
She was the eldest daughter who carried the hope of the family and their parents' favorite daughter. How did she reach this point? How could she let that retard catch up to her?!
"No... I can't let Carrie marry Ryan... Never!" Bethany's eyes reddened with rage.
"I feel the same. But you know how Ryan is. It's impossible to make him give up on that fool, so we need to plan this meticulously to perish his thoughts!"
Zoe smiled sinisterly. "I think we will need to work together soon. You should understand by now from your mother's situation that it is futile to place all your hope on someone else. "You need to avenge yourself for it to be satisfying!"
Bethany understood the implications of Zoe's words. Zoe wanted to involve her as an additional security measure, dragging her down.
However, Bethany bore too much hatred.
As long as she could deal a heavy blow to Ryan and Carrie, she was willing to do anything, even if it meant sacrificing herself.
"Haha... Nothing you say now will mean anything. Let's wait until you return to discuss further!"
Justin and Ryan walked out of Tideview Manor, their luxury cars parked outside the gate side by side.
This place was not Ryan's home, but it seemed Justin no longer considered it his home either.
"If Carrie likes that stuff, you can just tell me. I would have collected them for her, as many as she wants."
Justin's eyelashes hung low, and he glanced at the heavy bag in Ryan's hands. "Why bother taking Shannon's last remains to my sister? How morbid."
"If we don't take it, should we have let that dumb chick take advantage? I'd rather smash these to pieces!"
Ryan's brows raised smugly. "I feel
so satisfied when I think of Bethany holding a hammer, her face as red as a beet! Hahaha! That feeling of not being able to get something she wanted must be driving her crazy with torment!" 
Justin's thin lips curled up as he looked at Ryan.
"Actually, Carrie doesn't want these."
Ryan's eyes glimmered, and he sighed. "That day, she met Shannon one last time and it left her feeling. awful. She even felt a strong sense of guilt toward you. Therefore, I suggested selling the jewelry
Shannon left her and donatine
proceeds to the charity foundation you're setting up in your mother's name. Although it's not much use, it's a way to do something good, and Carrie might feel better." 
Upon hearing it, Justin's heart suddenly tightened.
This was what he feared most. He was afraid that Carrie, who had a kind soul, would blame herself because of the pain her mother brought him, affecting their sibling bond.
"My mother's grudge with Shannon
had been settled. Besides, Shannon wasn't even pregnant with Carrie when she entered the Salvador family. She has nothing to do with it?"
###chapter1532
Justin could not help but feel distressed. He patted his best friend's shoulder and said, "Bring Carrie over to our house sometime. I'll ask Bella to comfort her. Carrie listens to her sister-in-law the most. Coincidentally, I've learned some new recipes recently. If you two come over, you can enjoy my cooking thanks to Bella."
Ryan's face turned green, and he shook. "Are you inviting us over for dinner or asking us to be your guinea pig?"
Justin was speechless.
"You even want to drag my wife to suffer along with me. Do you still have a conscience?"
"I'm inviting you so you can learn from how I took care of Bella. If you could do the same, your relationship with Carrie would only become sweeter. Truly loving someone means not only spending time with her, but you also need to try doing things you've never done before for her. You need to be willing to learn what you don't know." When Justin said this, his eyes shone with a warm glow.
He avenged his mother, and the woman he loved most reciprocated his feelings.
He thought his life was complete, and he could not be happier.
Therefore, Justin sincerely hoped his best friend could tie the knot with Carrie, leading a happy and fulfilled life.
Ryan took a deep breath and looked at him with an intense gaze. "Justin, I'm prepared. In the next couple of days, I'm going to officially ask Chairman Salvador for Carrie's hand. I wanted to wait for my appointment as president to be announced, but I can't wait any longer. I want to give Carrie a title and marry her quickly. I really love her."
Ryan's voice trembled slightly. He even choked up, indicating the depth of his love.
"You're not wrong. You don't have to become the Hoffman Group's president to marry Carrie. The business and assets you accumulated outside over the years were enough to amount to half of the Hoffman Group."
Justin met his affectionate eyes and was moved. "If you've made up your mind, go for it. Bella and I will
support you fully. Good luckvel
brother!" 
After hearing from Matt that Nigel was not feeling well, Bella quickly called Justin and rushed toward Crescent Bay.
Matt finally spoke the truth after her relentless questions.
It turned out Nigel had been unwell for a while. He had trouble sleeping and had no appetite. His personal doctor visited daily but could not
find anything specific, only sal net
that it was digestive problems due to old age and recommending generic medicine. 
Nigel had kept his illness from the couple, afraid of worrying them.
On the way, Bella's face was as pale as paper. She felt as if she were sitting on needles. "Bella, don't worry."
Justin's large hands rested on Bella's waist, gradually tightening, pulling her into his embrace slowly but firmly. "The personal doctor I hired for Grandpa is nationally renowned. If he said it's nothing serious, then it shouldn't be a problem. But Grandpa is getting old, and his body functions are deteriorating. Occasional digestive issues and loss of appetite are normal. If you're worried, we will stay at Crescent Bay to accompany Grandpa for some time. That way, you can help to observe Grandpa's condition. What do you say?"
He was indeed always attentive to her emotions and perfectly considerate.
Bella was engulfed in the man's warm breath, and she asked softly, "Are you willing to move?"
###chapter1533
"Why wouldn't I be? As long as I'm with you, I'd do anything for Grandpa's sake." Justin's lips curled up.
"I just feel so guilty..."
Bella wrapped her arms around Justin's neck, burying her face in his broad shoulders, her voice soft and muffled. "Uncle Matt told me Grandpa Nigel had been feeling unwell for a while, but I didn't realize it until now.
"Last time, at the cemetery, he still forced himself to stand up from the wheelchair. I feel awful whenever I think about it. How could I be so careless?"
"It's not your fault, Bella. You've done well."
Justin comforted her gently. "We'll just be more attentive in the future. Grandpa doesn't want you to feel so stressed. If he knew, he might not see you."
He could not help thinking in his heart. Were the two kindest women in the world taken by him and Ryan?
How lucky they were.
Tonight, Nigel's villa was lively again with the couple's arrival.
Bella checked Nigel's pulse and examined him once she arrived. She busied herself in the kitchen, instructing the chef on Nigel's dietary restrictions based on his condition, looking like a dutiful and caring granddaughter-in-law.
Justin knew nothing about medicine and could not help, even if he wanted to, so he could only sit beside Nigel.
"That's my Anna! So young yet talented, considerate and filial, and she even makes good food!"
Nigel stared at Bella's figure and exclaimed, "Sigh, I always liked girls more. In my opinion, an outstanding daughter could inherit the family
 3
business too. But your gor net
gave me
me two sons. If not for her health, I really hope she could give me another daughter... If I had a daughter, I would raise her to be as amazing as Anna and let her inherit the Salvador Corporation. Your Dad? Hmph! He can settle with crumbs!" 
Justin listened quietly, his handsome face revealing no expression.
"During the years your father became chairman, how many decent things has he done? If your uncle didn't pass away so early..." Nigel's breath suddenly hitched, and he stopped complaining. Justin's eyes darkened.
He had always felt that the reason Nigel disliked Gregory so much was not only because he married Shannon.
It seemed like Nigel never really favored his eldest son. His words always showed deeper love for his youngest son.
"Luckily, you found your way back
and didn't get misled by your father, choosing Anna in the end.
Otherwise, I won't rest in peace, could even flip my coffin lid!" The
shadows cleared between Nigel's
brows, replaced by humor. 
Justin's throat tightened. "Grandpa, I did you wrong, and I owe Bella even more... In the past, I..."
Nigel waved his hand. "Hey! Consider the old you dead and gone. As long as you treat Anna properly now, I will be smiling on my deathbed."
Matt happened to walk out with a fruit platter in his hands, feeling exasperated upon hearing it. "Old Master Nigel, you really shouldn't talk about death so much. How unlucky!"
"I don't believe in that stuff! Fate will decide how I die. Besides, with Anna taking care of me, I'll live at least twenty years longer!"
As he spoke, Nigel placed his hand.
on Justin's shoulder, as if passing down a heavy responsibility. "Justin, your blessings are yet to come. Mark my words, the Salvador Corporation will be in the hands of you and Anna." 
Justin's heart shook. He was about to speak when Bella quickly walked over, her beautiful eyes cold.
"Grandpa Nigel, Justin, I've just gotten the news. Ten minutes ago, Shannon's death penalty had been carried out."
###chapter1534
It was undoubtedly exhilarating news, but the room was deadly silent.
Bella halted, her tone calm. "Ralph told me that before the execution, Shannon had already broken down mentally, pissed herself, and couldn't walk. They dragged her to the execution ground. That scene mus be satisfying."
Justin's thin lips parted, and his voice was hoarse and low. "Was it by injection or shooting?"
"Injection."
Bella looked at the man's dark, deep eyes, pursing her red lips. "Wasn't shooting her considered merciful? She struggled in agony for ten minutes after being injected with poison before her heart stopped beating.
"She was tied to a chair when she died, limbs stiff and face twisted. Although the short ten minutes were not enough for her to atone for your mother's death, at least she received the retribution she deserved." Justin slowly lowered his head, complicated emotions surging within his heaving chest.
Shannon was dead. He could let the past be forgotten.
He should have clapped his hands in joy, but the satisfaction came too late, and he was not as excited as he imagined he would be.
"After Shannon died, the court informed Chairman Salvador to claim the body for cremation. After all, he still had not divorced Shannon and was still her husband legally. But Chairman Salvador refused to come, so the court cremated Shannon's body."
Bella's lips curled into a mocking angle. "They were married, and Shannon bore him two children, but Chairman Salvador was not even willing to see her off. How lamentable."
"Hmph! If he really went to collect that wicked woman's body, he could give up on his position as Chairman. He might as well be a garbage collector!"
Nigel's gaze sharpened, and he patted his lap. "No matter what, my grandson has finally repaid his blood debt. This is a joyful occasion. Matt! Inform the kitchen to add a few more dishes tonight. We will open a bottle of fine wine and celebrate!"
Matt smiled in a good mood. "Yes. I'll instruct them right away."
"Also, send someone out on an errand to check if there are places selling fireworks nearby. Buy some and let's set them off!"
Justin laughed. "Grandpa, that's not necessary. Besides, you live in a secluded place. How could there be any places selling fireworks nearby? Stop making things difficult for Uncle Matt."
"Uncle Matt, there's a shop selling fireworks on the street five miles away from Grandpa Nigel's villa. I used to frequent that shop to buy fireworks for Grandpa Nigel. You can send someone to buy some. The shop should still be open at this hour." Bella smiled sweetly. 
Justin glanced at her in surprise, feeling shocked.
Frequent?
When had she done all this? He knew nothing about it!
Matt gave Bella a thumbs-up. "Old Master Nigel, only Ms. Thompson understands you. She's more like your biological granddaughter than a granddaughter-in-law!"
Upon hearing it, Bella, usually calm and composed, intertwined her fingers shyly. Her face flushed.
"You don't say! Anna treats me like family. The entire Salvador family combined isn't as considerate toward me as she is."
Nigel's ambiguous gaze landed on
Justin's blank face, carrying a hint of complaint. "Brat, do you even know what your grandfather's habits and interests are? Anna knows all about it. During the three years you were married, Anna came to Crescent Bay to accompany me whenever she was free. I love setting fireworks and sometimes firecrackers. Whenever I wanted, Anna would do her best to satisfy me. 
"This child has kept me company through countless lonely days. It's a pity that I'm one foot in the grave and can't do more for her... In the future, you must make up for what I owe Anna and treat her better!" "Grandpa..." Justin's breath hitched, and he felt his throat tighten up.
"Grandpa Nigel, Justin has always been good to me. He's treating me exceptionally well."
Bella was afraid Nigel would
overthink, so she quickly reassured
him with a mischievous smile. "Moreover, I willingly kept you
company. I learned a lot from
you,
picking up new skills each tinge I
visited. Hehe... You didn't expect it,
right?" 
Before her voice fell, she suddenly saw a tall shadow before her eyes.
###chapter1535
Immediately, Bella felt the man's large hand holding up her delicate waist, suddenly pulling her in. She was then pressed tightly against his warm chest.
"Hmm..."
Bella's body went soft, her breath hitched, and Justin's lips abruptly covered hers. His eyes, looking at her, were filled with longing and distress as he kissed her passionately in front of Nigel, without a care for anyone else.
Wow!
Nigel and Matt raised their brows with joy, their hearts thumping wildly in their chests.
Nigel had always thought of his grandson as a block of wood, lacking in social skills, and a bore. Before Justin reached adulthood, Nigel had considered taking him to a psychiatrist more than once, but he was afraid of hurting Justin's pride.
It seemed that Bella had transformed Justin into a starving wolf.
"Don't... Grandpa Nigel is still here." Bella pushed him embarrassingly, her face blushing.
"Grandpa is not an outsider."
Justin held her waist tightly, blurting out, "Besides, why should I sneak around when I want to love my wife?"
Bella pursed her rosy lips shyly, her heartstrings strummed by his sweet words.
Once, he would only dare to probe cautiously, and every time he wanted to say the word "wife", he seemed too embarrassed.
However, he did not know that as long as he bravely took that one step towards her, their two hearts would have collided. "Ahem... Matt! Did we forget to feed the birds in the backyard? Let's go feed the birds!" Nigel chuckled, joy evident on his face.
"Yes, Old Master Nigel!" Matt beamed with a wide smile.
Their lips, almost swollen, finally parted, and Bella's makeup was smudged.
Justin's fingers gently rubbed away the redness from her lips, saying hoarsely, "Bella, thank you. No matter in the past or now... I was lucky to have you."
"Do you know why Grandpa Nigel likes to set off fireworks?" Bella lowered her head shyly, adjusting his tie like a dutiful wife.
"Tell me."
"Because Grandma likes it."
Bella sighed. "When she was young, she loved fireworks, but Grandpa Nigel, being the dense man he was, bought a bunch of firecrackers to set them off in the yard. Grandma was so mad that she nicknamed him Nigel Firecracker." 
Justin could not help but laugh. "It's a fine name that suits Grandpa's character."
"Grandma is timid. Grandpa Nigel would light the firecrackers and then run to her every time, and she'd jump into his arms. He would cover her ears too. Grandpa Nigel always told me that those times were as
beautiful as a dream. He could never forget a single moment with
Grandma. No amount of money or
power could replace how much he missed her." 
Bella narrated softly, helpless. "That's why I did all these for Grandpa Nigel. After all, to an infatuated man who lived in memories, I could only do this much."
Justin listened to her quietly, tears welling up in his eyes.
"Hey... For real? It's too easy to break through your defenses now!"
Bella hurriedly pulled out his tie to wipe the tears from the corners of his eyes. "Do you have to get emotional about something totally unrelated to you? Are your eyes a spring?" 
Justin felt extremely ashamed. How could it not matter to him?
###chapter1536
Though Justin was Nigel's biological grandson, Justin had only inherited Gregory's cold indifference over the past twenty years. He thought he had been gradually improving, but now it seemed his deep affection toward Bella was not even one-thousandth of his grandfather's love for his grandmother.
"From now on, it'll never happen again," Justin said in a trembling voice after a long silence.
Bella placed her slender fingers against his lips and smiled gently. "Mmm, it'll never happen again."
The young couple happily joined Nigel for dinner, and Matt had also sent someone to buy fireworks.
Nigel sat in his wheelchair, smiling as he watched his grandson and granddaughter-in-law ignite the fireworks nearby. The two of them then lit sparkles, drawing circles in the air. They looked as happy as two children celebrating the New Year.
"Look, Young Master Justin's smile is so bright and joyful."
Matt brought a wool blanket and carefully draped it over Nigel's legs. "I still remember how Young Master Justin was only up to your waist when he first came to you. He was wearing ill-fitting clothes and was so skinny, tan, and small. He looked so pitiful back then."
Nigel nodded emotionally, "Yeah, he's grown into a capable man who can stand on his own in the blink of an eye."
Matt sighed, "Before Young Master Justin met Ms. Thompson, he had never smiled like this. He carried heavy responsibilities and harbored painful hatred in his heart. He was never this happy, but fortunately, Ms. Thompson appeared and healed him, and everything is in the past now."
"Anna is not only a gift from heaven to me but also to my grandson." Nigel's eyes were warm, touched by the happiness before him.
Indeed, they were a perfect match, a beautiful couple...
They were just like Nigel and his long-deceased, beloved wife.
"The road stretches endlessly, while morning conversations never cease. Hearts are like silk threads, entwined and inseparable..." Suddenly, the phone in Nigel's coat pocket vibrated, pulling him back from his drifting thoughts.
He took it out and glanced at it. Upon seeing it, his pupils contracted instantly.
Matt also looked at the screen in confusion, then in shock. "Isn't that... Young Master Grant?" "Matt, take me inside."
Nigel and Matt returned to the living room. Nigel took a deep breath and answered the call.
On the screen, Grant's slightly dazed and sickly pale yet elegant face appeared, showing a kind smile to Nigel.
"Grandpa, long time no see. How have you been?"
Nigel's expression was unnatural.
"I'm fine, Grant. How have you been taking care of yourself over there? You don't look too well. Have you been taking your medications regularly? Have you been going for your check-ups? If you feel unwell, be sure to let me and your father know, so we can come and visit you." 
"Grandpa, please don't worry about me. My health is improving each day. As your grandson, I've been away for so many years and haven't been able to fulfill my filial duties to you and Dad. I feel extremely I
ashamed. I'll focus on recovering... Cough, cough, cough... I hope to
return to you and Dad soon." Grant
coughed painfully, his eyes
glistening with a faint, soft light, now teary. 
Nigel quickly said, "You see, you're still very it. Don't push yourself too much. Just focus on recuperating abroad. Your father and I
understand and will never blame you for anything." 
As they spoke, they could hear Justin and Bella laughing joyfully, and it seemed the young couple was coming closer.
Nigel's heart clenched. "Grant, I have something to attend to now. I'll call you again in a few days."
"Grandpa, what are you so afraid of?"
Grant's gaze was like a mysterious forest, but his tone carried a hint of sadness. "I know Justin is your grandson, but am I not your grandson, too?" "You're overthinking it. I..."
"Do you really not like seeing my face that much? Do you really hate me that much?"
###chapter1537
Nigel furrowed his brows deeply, "Grant..."
Grant's eyes carried a hint of sorrow, and his smile was bitter. "I'm sorry, Grandpa. It's my fault. I couldn't help you and Dad or fulfill my duties to the Salvador family. I also ended up becoming a burden. For many years, I've always thought about one thing-how different things would be if I didn't get kidnapped, if I had been the one to escape from the kidnappers. If I could've been a bit more selfish... Would everything have turned out differently then?"
With a complicated mix of emotions, Nigel tried to console him. "Grant, don't think about it that way. I know you've suffered a lot over the years. That was an accident. You're my grandson, too. Why wouldn't my heart ache for you, too? Whether it's you or Justin, I love both of you deeply."
"Then do you love me more, or Justin more?"
This was undoubtedly a soul-searching question.
Nigel was momentarily at a loss for words, while Grant smiled faintly. "You don't have to answer. I understand. But it's okay. I won't be angry. After all, I'm Justin's older brother, the eldest son of the Salvador family. Even at the cost of my life, it's my duty to protect my younger brother. Though I've missed you and Dad and have felt sorry for myself, I've never regretted risking my life to save Justin during that kidnapping incident."
A heavy shadow clouded Nigel's brow, and he pressed his lips together.
"Back then, if I hadn't helped Justin escape, the kidnappers would've tortured us to death. One of us had to survive to inherit the Salvador family business and fulfill our filial duties to you and Dad. Isn't that right?"
"Grant, about that incident... I'll always feel indebted to you. I just hope you don't hold a grudge against Justin. Don't blame him for it. Justin was just a child then. He was too young to understand anything." Nigel set aside his elder's pride, almost pleading with Grant.
A subtle, mysterious smile appeared on Grant's pale and handsome face on the screen.
That smile was like a snake's cold and slender tongue, probing Nigel's heart with eerie and hidden intent.
"Grandpa, who are you talking to?"
Justin walked in with his arm around Bella's waist. His face beamed with happiness.
Nigel froze, holding his phone mid-air, unsure of what to do.
"Justin? You're here." Grant's warm voice came from the phone.
Bella heard the deep, mellow voice, which immediately caught her attention.
Justin's expression stiffened. "Grant...?"
Grant's voice was gentle as he pleaded, "Grandpa, can I please speak with Justin? I haven't seen him in a long time. I miss him."
"Justin, your brother wants to talk to you." Nigel deliberately called Justin over alone.
He did it to ensure that Bella would not appear on the call.
Justin walked over to his grandfather, his handsome face composed. "Hey, Grant.”
"You look just as spirited and handsome as ever, unlike me... Cough, cough."
Grant tried to suppress his cough, smiling with relief. "I'm sure you and Ms. Thompson must be laughing at me."
Justin's dark eyes narrowed slightly, and Bella clearly heard everything.
"Grandpa, your house must've been lively tonight, right? With Justin, Ms. Thompson, and Uncle Matt having dinner and setting off fireworks with you. Just thinking about it makes me envious of such a warm scene." 
Nigel's jaw clenched slightly.
His eldest grandson had always been sensitive and thoughtful. He was just as sharp and intelligent as Justin.
But he lacked Justin's straightforward and genuine nature. Though he always wore a smile, one could never tell if it was sincere.
Every word Grant spoke would leave one feeling uneasy and compelled to search for hidden meanings.
Justin looked at Grant warmly. "Grant, I'll schedule a time to visit you in Meridan with Grandpa. We can have a reunion then."
"Will you bring Ms. Thompson with you to meet me then?"
The room suddenly fell silent.
As someone who was usually reserved, Justin frowned at Grant's question, feeling bitter.
Justin could not tell if Grant wanted to see him or his woman.
"Well, there's no need to complicate it. Isn't Ms. Thompson right beside you? There's no time like the
vel.?
present. Meeting through the screen is just as good." 
As he finished his sentence, Nigel waved Bella over. "Come, Anna. Come meet my eldest grandson, Justin's brother."
Bella hesitated but then walked to Justin's side, the striking couple now in Grant's view.
"Justin is so lucky to have such a beautiful companion like Ms. Thompson by his side."
Grant's smile widened as he gazed at Bella's stunning face. "Oh, no, I should call you my sister-in-law now."
His tone was sincere as he admired the couple.
Justin pressed his lips together, staying silent.
"Nice to meet you, Young Master Grant," Bella said with a polite smile, addressing him formally as "Young Master Grant" instead of "Grant".
Her choice of words was deliberate and calculated.
"We have met before. This isn't our first time meeting each other," Grant said, his eyebrows arching slightly and shadows playing across his refined face. Justin's heart inexplicably tightened, and his fingers clenched.
"If I'm not mistaken, this should be our first meeting," Bella responded calmly.
"It may be the first time you're meeting me, but I've seen you before."
Grant smiled faintly. "In the past few years, and even further back, I've met you. Ms. Thompson, you're far more famous than you're aware of Even though I reside in Meridan, I've visited your jewelry exhibitions several times and had the privilege of purchasing a few pieces to add to my collection. To put it bluntly, I am one of your fans."
###chapter1538
"Young Master Grant, you're my fan?" Bella's long lashes fluttered in surprise.
Oh my. This was certainly unexpected.
Even more surprising was his mention of meeting Bella "even further back", which made Bella suspicious. Although her identity as "Alexa" had only been revealed recently, she had kept it well hidden for years. However, Grant's words implied that he had known that she was Alexa even before the reveal.
"I've heard a lot about your achievements. You always seemed so familiar to me, like someone I knew well. You never felt like a stranger to me," Grant said earnestly, his gaze clear and sincere. "Haha... It seems like my granddaughter-in-law is really famous!"
Nigel beamed with joy. He held Bella's hand with his left and Justin's with his right, placing their hands together in front of Grant. "Justin, you must cherish Anna. Look how renowned and brilliant she is! She's a great blessing to the Salvador family!"
Bella lightly bit her rosy lips, a shy blush spreading across her cheeks.
Justin intertwined his fingers with hers, their hands tightly clasped together. "Rest assured, Grandpa. I may be Bella's man, but she's my entire world."
Meanwhile, the video call ended.
Grant sat in an all-black wheelchair. His cold, pale face hid in the dim light, half in shadow and half under the light. The eerie and unpredictable lighting seemed to split his soul in two.
His arms were resting on the armrest of his wheelchair, his wrists appearing weak under the exquisitely raised sapphire cuffs. His long, slender fingers lightly tapped on the armrest, as if playing a silent piano piece.
"Sir, it's time for you to take your medication."
Clarice gracefully approached him, carrying a tray with various pills and a Baroque crystal glass.
Grant glanced sideways at the medications, his pale, cold lips
curling slightly. "I take so many of these every day. It's like my meals are just medicine. I wonder if my blood is now bitter and poisonous." 
Clarice's glance carried a hint of pity. "Sir, you've been through so much. You've endured so many hardships."
"You've suffered, too," Grant said, elegantly picking up a pill.
Clarice shook her head repeatedly. "What I've gone through is nothing compared to you."
"If it weren't for my moment of misstep back then, my brother would've been the one in this wretched state instead of me."
Grant popped a pill into his mouth, chewing it like candy. "If Justin were the one suffering like this, Clarice, you would've felt sorry for him, wouldn't you?"
Clarice knelt on one knee at Grant's feet, cradling his cold hands like a treasure. "Don't worry, Sir. Even if the whole world turns against you, I'l
never
rbetray you. At this point, my
feelings for Justin are nothing but hatred. I hate him as much as I hate Bella!" 
Grant lowered his long lashes, gazing at her.
He had trained Clarice thoroughly, inside and out, to be outstanding.
However, as he recalled Bella's captivating face from the video call, the woman before him, no matter how dazzling, seemed dim in comparison.
It seemed that his brother had always been a bit luckier than him.
"Earlier, I overheard your conversation with Old Master Nigel. How can he be so unfair? Favoring one of his grandsons over another!"
Clarice's eyes carried a tinge of resentment. In terms of rank, you're the eldest grandson of the Salvador family. You're the rightful heir. Justin is nothing more than an illegitimate child who doesn't deserve to be in the spotlight."
###chapter1539
"But look at what's going on now. You no longer have a place in Old Master Nigel's heart. He speaks every word with wariness and apprehension toward you. They're all enjoying their time as a family in Savrow. But they've never cared about how you endure those long, painful nights alone. Everything Justin has now rightfully belongs to you!"
Grant took another pill, popped it into his mouth, and chewed it slowly. With his eyes closed, he chuckled softly, murmuring, "Grandpa, you said he was just a child back then, but you seem to forget I was just a child back then, too."
Justin and Bella had planned to stay and accompany Nigel, but the old man insisted they head back home.
"Are you both insane? Why would a young couple want to spend all their time with an old man like me? Do you guys have nothing to do?!" Nigel pushed them toward the door, "Go, go... It's enough that you visited! Staying too long will just disturb my peace! Matt, send them off!" Bella pouted pitifully, "Grandpa Nigel, can you really bear to see us go?"
"I can."
Bella was at a loss for words.
"Don't worry, Young Master Justin, Ms. Thompson. I'll keep you updated on Old Master Nigel's condition," Matt reassured them.
The young couple reluctantly left, looking back wistfully.
When Matt returned after sending them off, he came back to find Nigel's face clouded with worry.
"Mr. Salvador, didn't you want the kids to stay longer? Nowadays, you rarely get a chance to spend time with them together. Why did you..."
"Do you think I'm in the mood for that now?"
Nigel clutched his chest, taking a deep breath. "Matt, I'm deeply unsettled right now. I was afraid if they stayed, they'd notice my distress and worry even more." "Is this because of Young Master Grant?"
"There are many things I can't say outright. You know that."
Nigel felt agitated and uneasy. "Right now, I'm more worried about Anna than about Justin! Maybe I should go to Hatchbay in the next few days and personally talk to Chairman Thompson about their marriage. We can't afford to delay any longer. The longer we wait, the more things could go wrong!" 
"Old Master, please calm down."
Matt quickly advised him, “Although Young Master Justin and Ms. Thompson are very close now, their relationship has only recently stabilized. After all the chaos, Ms. Thompson has lost the chance to be a mother because of our negligence. Her painful past was only temporarily put to rest through Young Master Justin's efforts, and the Thompsons' attitude has only just started to soften. If we rush to talk about their marriage now, Chairman Thompson might think we're being presumptuous and taking advantage of the situation, which could backfire! Chairman Thompson is a complex individual and difficult to predict!" 
Upon hearing Matt, Nigel scratched his head in frustration. "Ugh! What should I do then? I'm afraid someone else might take Anna away!"
"That's unlikely. Their bond is strong
and unbreakable. The issue lies within the relationship between the two families, which requires a
gradual approach. Also, Young net
Master Justin and Ms. Thompson mentioned Mr. Hoffman and Ms.
Carrie's engagement duri
the
dinner earlier. I think you should pay
attention to this matter as well."
Matt could not help but feel compassion for Carrie. "Ms. Carrie is genuinely an unfortunate child. It's hard to find someone like Mr. Hoffman who is devoted to her and would not give up on her. If she misses out on him, it would be a lifelong regret."
Nigel sighed heavily and slammed his hand on his chair's armrest. "They're all my grandkids, and I care deeply for each of them. Even if it means risking everything, I want to ensure they all find happiness in the end."
###chapter1540
Upon returning home, Justin received a call from lan and went straight to the study to handle some business. "Mr. Salvador, the foundation is almost finalized. You can announce it officially whenever you're ready."
Justin's voice was low and carried a hint of weariness. "That's great. Thank you for your hard work."
"And by the way, weren't you planning to take Young Madam on a vacation to Switzerland? I've got a villa ready for you. It's at the bottom of the Alps, and the scenery is magnificent. You and Young Madam car head there anytime," lan said in a cheery tone.
Having toppled Shannon, lan felt rejuvenated. He was so happy that he could laugh even in his dreams.
However, Justin remained silent for a while, lost in thought. He was still thinking about the conversation with Grant and the way his brother had looked at Bella.
The pressure in his chest grew, and his eyes became deep and troubled.
"Mr. Salvador? Mr. Salvador? Are you asleep?"
Justin snapped back to reality. "What did you just say?"
"I said, I've arranged everything for you in Switzerland. You and Young Madam can go on vacation whenever you like."
Concerned, lan asked, "Mr. Salvador, are you alright? You sound exhausted. Are you sick?"
"lan, I talked to my brother earlier tonight. He also met Bella." Justin said, pressing his fingers to his aching forehead, his mind in turmoil.
"What?!"
lan could not help but yell, forgetting all etiquette. "Holy... What were you thinking?!"
Feeling irritable, Justin did not bother to argue with lan. "It was a video call with Grandpa, and Bella was there too. My brother wanted to see her, and I couldn't think of a reason to say no."
"So, you let him see her just because he wants to? Are you going to do whatever he asks you to? Mr. Salvador, you're usually really sharp and quick-witted, but why did you turn into a fool around your brother?!"
lan was so anxious that he could
hardly speak clearly. "What happened when you were young was an accident! An accident! While it's true that Young Master Grant suffered greatly, you were also a victim. You almost didn't make it back alive. You can be grateful to him, but there's no need to feel guilty and think you owe him for the rest of your life. You don't have to do what he wishes you to do every time!" 
Justin furrowed his brows, feeling his heart clench.
"Let's put forth a conspiracy theory. Those kidnappers might've been targeting him all along, and you just got caught in the crossfire because of him!"
Growing increasingly disgruntled,
lan continued, "Think about it. You were still so young. You had only gone back to the Salvador household for a few years. Hardly anyone knew about your existence. But Grant was different. He was the legitimate eldest son, always out in public with Chairman Salvador. He was born with a golden spoon! If I were a kidnapper, he'd definitely be my prime target. Kidnapping him would be far more lucrative than kidnapping you. You were nothing more than an unintended bonus!" 
Justin's handsome face darkened. He was speechless.
Yet these crude words made sense.
Back then, he was nothing more than a child born out of wedlock, far less valuable than Grant.
However, Justin could not deny that his escape from those monsters was thanks to his brother's self-sacrifice.
"With a face as stunning as Young Madam's, anyone would be smitten! You should've kept her well-protected, but you let Young Master Grant meet her, and it was even his idea... He dared to ask, and you actually agreed to it?!"
Would his brother really have feelings for Bella?
Justin took a sharp breath, shaking his head vigorously and muttering, "No way."
"He's not a monk or gay, so why wouldn't he? If he does develop feelings for Young Madam, what will you do then? Are you going to just let it happen?"
"There's no way that's going to happen."
Justin's eyes blazed with fury, and his fists clenched tightly. His veins were bulging on the back of his hands. "Bella holds my entire life. I would rather die than let anyone take her!"
"In any case, you must stay vigilant! Protect her from others with everything you've got!"
lan then sighed deeply with concern.
"If Young Master Grant remains bedridden for life, that's one thing. But if he ever recovers and no longer needs to rely on a wheelchair, Mr. Salvador, your position in
corporation will become extre cines
precarious. The entire balance of power within the Salvador corporation and family will shift dramatically!"
###chapter1541
After a moment of silence, Justin spoke in a deep tone. "Thank you for your reminder, lan. But next time, if you speak so bluntly again, consider your year-end bonus at risk." Damn! lan felt like his boss had just delivered him a fatal blow.
Meanwhile, in the bedroom, Bella had just taken a fragrant bubble bath and was sitting in front of the vanity, brushing her long, jet-black hair, lost in her thoughts.
Her hand moved the brush continuously, but her mind was elsewhere.
She replayed her conversation with Grant over and over in her head. For some reason, she felt a chill in her chest as if a cold wind had swept through, making her feel chilly all over.
That man, though polite, courteous, and seemingly sincere, gave her the feeling that he was subtly yet fiercely intruding on her space, triggering alarm bells in her mind.
This sense of oppression was entirely different from the feeling Justin, with his equally noble status, gave her.
Lost in her thoughts, Bella suddenly felt a heat on the nape of her neck and a weight on her shoulders.
"Ah."
As Bella gasped softly, Justin's arms wrapped around her from behind, his thin lips pressing a gentle kiss on her plump cheek, his voice husky and seductive. "Bella, what's going on in your mind?"
"Your brother," Bella blurted out.
Justin's eyes darkened, a tumultuous wave surging in his heart, his eyes reddening at the corners.
Before she could explain further, Justin grabbed a slender waist and lifted her, his muscular right arm supporting her hips as he strode directly toward the bed.
"Hey! Justin.. What are you doing?!" Bella's beautiful eyes widened, her left shoulder strap slipping down, exposing her chest.
The next second, Justin pinned her beneath him on the bed.
Her silk nightgown had long disappeared along the way.
Justin's eyes burned with a mix of passion and apprehension, overwhelming her senses.
"Bella, feed me..."
"I'm so tired right now. Why don't we do it tomorrow? In the morning?" Bella looked at him with wide, anxious eyes.
"No, I need you now... Satisfy me, please."
Justin's hot and insistent lips pressed against hers, causing her to lose focus and become entirely immersed in waves of desire.
At the height of their love-making, he whispered huskily in her ear, "Don't think about him... Think about me only!"
Bella laughed softly, her body trembling with amusement, "I knew it... You were jealous? Such strong jealousy."
Justin paused, looking down at her
flushed, beautiful face. "You said you
were
g about him. S
be jealous?
I'm beyond je
Bella chuckled, lightly patting his
I
sweaty cheek. "You knew I det
mean that kind of thinking. Why are you so worked up? Besides, be's your brother..." 
"Sometimes I couldn't even stand you being with your brother. So, why should tolerate my own brother?" Justin's eyes, still tinged with
redness, glinted with anger 
Bella felt both exasperated and immensely happy.
After their wild, passionate encounter, Bella lay on Justin's strong arm, too exhausted to even think about taking another bath.
###chapter1542
Bella explained, "I was just thinking about our conversation with your brother earlier tonight. It was really thought-provoking."
Justin said, "This is the last time something like this is happening."
Still regretting that he had let them meet, Justin held Bella tighter. "From now on, I won't let you have any more contact with my brother. This time was an exception. Don't dwell on it further." "I'm not the one overthinking it. It's you dwelling on it."
Bella raised her rosy face and poked his chest with her fingertip. "Does it still hurt here?"
Justin caught her hand and kissed her palm. "Hmm, it's feeling much better."
"Come on, you really don't need to be so paranoid about it. Besides, what you're thinking isn't realistic. Do you think your brother will stay in Meridan forever? He's bound to come back someday."
She found a comfortable spot to lay on his chest. "He arranged for the Reeds to negotiate with Salvador Corporation, and now he's suddenly contacting Grandpa Nigel. Haven't you noticed these signals? Your brother has been laying the groundwork for his return. So, he'll definitely be back. How could I avoid seeing him then? On the contrary, I really need to meet your brother. He really piqued my curiosity." "Could it be that his health has improved?" Justin lowered his eyes.
"You've fought in the Salvador Corporation's power battles for many years. Why are you becoming naive now?"
Bella lightly flicked his forehead, gently scolding him. "It doesn't matter whether his health has improved or not. As long as he's alive and wants to come back and compete with you, he will do it. He'll do it, ever if only his eyes can move. Do you know what's more unsettling? We don't know how deep his waters run, but it feels like he knows almost everything about us, including me. Earlier tonight, he even said he was my fan, which means he knew I was Alexa a long time ago. This is something I can't overlook."
Justin was surprised that Bella had thought so deeply about this matter.
He kissed her forehead, feeling a strange sense of embarrassment. "Bella, you don't need to worry about these things. I've got it all under control. I'll take care of everything and protect you and Grandpa." "If your brother comes back and demands you give up your position as Salvador Corporation's president as a favor, would you do it?" Bella asked seriously, gazing at him with eyes shining like morning stars while lying on his chest.
Justin did not hesitate. "No."
She smiled. "Oh, why did you suddenly become ambitious now?"
"The Salvador Corporation used to be just work-a battlefield for me. But now, the corporation is the betrothal gift for you."
Justin whispered gently, his lips
tender
ras he squeezed the nape
. "If I lose my kingdomeet
her nen
will have to win your heart?
In the dim light, Bella's eyes reddened, and she hugged him tightly, like a bird seeking refuge in the forest.
For the past few days, Ryan has been incredibly busy.
As the prospective president, many important tasks at the Hoffman Group required his attention, and numerous documents needed his approval.
He made sure to spend his limited free time with Carrie. He even took his beloved wife on two visits to the Savrow Art Academy to tour the campus and discuss auditing classes. His personal time was virtually nonexistent. 
Yet he relished every moment, finding joy in his responsibilities, born out of love.
It turned out that the sense of duty that comes from love was indeed a source of happiness.
Meanwhile, at the Willow Creek Villa,
Yasmin had prepared a full table of dishes as usual. Carrie was already sitting obediently at the table, eagerly waiting for Ryan to come downstairs for dinner. S
Hearing footsteps, both women looked toward the staircase simultaneously.
Ryan descended the stairs, impeccably dressed in a suit and tie, adjusting his cufflinks as he came down.
"Mr. Hoffman, are you going out?" Yasmin asked in surprise, unaware of his plans for the evening.
Besides, his formal attire suggested he was attending an important event.
Ryan nodded. "Yes, I'm heading out. I might be back late."
###chapter1543
Yasmin's eyelashes fluttered as she glanced at the sumptuous dinner she had prepared and then looked worriedly at Carrie.
They had initially planned for the three of them to have dinner together, and Yasmin had started the preparations in the afternoon. Although Carrie was not very skilled in cooking, she had helped out, bustling around the kitchen like a lively little top.
But now, it seemed like Ryan would not be staying for dinner.
While Yasmin did not mind, she was concerned that Carrie would be disappointed.
"Ryan, aren't you staying for dinner?" Carrie asked, her delicate brows slightly furrowed and her eyes wide like a deer's.
Ryan smiled widely, unable to resist walking over to his delicate girlfriend. He placed his large hand on her head, gently ruffling her soft hair. "I have some business to attend to tonight, so I won't be eating at home."
"Can't you make an exception tonight?"
Carrie's dense eyelashes fluttered as she looked at him with a pitiful expression. "Yasmin has been busy all day preparing this meal... It's her way of showing she cares. Could you stay and eat before you go?" "Young Madam, it's really not a big deal!"
Seeing Carrie speak up for her, Yasmin felt both surprised and honored. Her face flushed as she shook her head vigorously. "It's nothing but a few simple dishes. Your work is more important, Young Master. I'll send you off now."
"It does matter! You took a long time to prepare everything. It must've been really tiring!" Carrie interjected.
Carrie held Ryan's large hand with her small, slightly sweaty palm. "Can you please stay and eat before you go? Yasmin worked so hard for this."
Carrie genuinely liked Yasmin.
They spend a lot of time with each other daily. She was with Yasmin much more than she was with Ryan. There were many things she was too shy to say to Ryan but felt completely at ease sharing with Yasmin.
Carrie rarely made requests to Ryan. The last request she made was when she wanted to see her mother for one last time. This was the second time she had done so.
Yasmin's throat tightened with emotion. "Young Madam..."
Ryan's narrow eyes paused, his cool gaze drifting over to Yasmin.
Then, he pulled out a chair and sat down next to his girlfriend, grinning as he grabbed her delicate armand pulled her between his legs, then closed his legs to hold her like a doll. 
"Okay, I'll listen to my wife. I'll eat."
Ryan was not done yet. He clasped
her small waist and gently e
her on his lap, brushing his lips against her rosy cheek with affection. 
"Yasmin, serve the dishes. I want a big portion."
"Yes, sir!" Yasmin was happy when Ryan decided to stay and eat with Carrie.
Ryan and Carrie shared many sweet moments during the meal. The couple fed each other. Their affection was palpable.
Sitting nearby, Yasmin could not help but feel overwhelmed by the display of affection.
However, she felt comfortable with it.
After the hearty meal, Ryan took Carrie's hand. With Yasmin With Yasmin following
behind, the three of them walk host
Villa's entrance. 
"Yasmin, take good care of Carrie." Ryan wrapped an arm around Carrie's waist and planted a kiss on her smooth forehead.
"Come back early..." Carrie spoke with a soft and sweet tone.
"Babe, if you keep this up, I won't be able to leave the house."
Ryan's hand roamed to her bottom, giving it a playful squeeze. "Go to bed early. Don't stay up waiting for me."
###chapter1544
Carrie watched until the tail lights were out of sight before turning away.
Yasmin then approached her. "Young Madam."
"Yeah?" Carrie replied, looking at her.
"Thank you for standing up for me today. Thank you..." Yasmin's eyes welled up with emotion.
Yasmin had served Ryan since her teenage years, starting as a maid and eventually becoming his secretary and bodyguard. She had undergone harsh training and faced many dangers, making her indifferent and cold to everyone except her boss.
However, Carrie's presence had brought a familial warmth that Yasmin had never experienced before. Yasmin saw Carrie not just as her boss's wife but also as a sister whom she cherished. "Yasmin, I know how hard you've worked."
Carrie held Yasmin's calloused hand, her eyes shining. "I know you care deeply for Ryan. Even if he doesn't see it, I do. Your efforts should not go unnoticed."
Yasmin opened her mouth but was at a loss for words. So, she simply held Carrie's hands tightly in gratitude.
Tonight, Logan decided to host a rare family banquet, summoning all the family members. No one dared to disrespect the head of the family, so despite any underlying tensions, they had to put on a show of unity and courtesy.
Ryan walked confidently into the restaurant, where Logan, Claire, Liam, and Liam's wife were already seated.
"Sorry for being late, Grandpa," Ryan said with a charming smile, gracefully taking his seat.
Claire, who had not seen her son in a while, was pleasantly surprised by his appearance.
Back then, Ryan was a rebellious troublemaker, causing chaos outside and showing no respect at home. Even at family banquets, he behaved recklessly. Two years ago, during a family feast, he infamously grabbed a lamb's leg and gnawed on it like a caveman.
But Ryan had changed completely, exuding the poise and demeanor of a true leader, much like his father.
He had clearly become more mature.
"Great. It's nice to see the whole family here."
Logan nodded at his grandson with apparent satisfaction. "However, try to come a bit earlier next time. It's not good to keep your elders waiting. There's no need to arrive right on the dot, as if you're clocking in for work."
Ryan smiled and replied, "Alright, Grandpa. I'll keep that in mind next time."
"Oh, Ryan is the pillar of the Hoffman family now. He's a very busy man indeed."
Sidelined after losing power, Liam now regarded Ryan with barely concealed envy. "He's the future CEO of the Hoffman Group, so things are different for him now. Dad, don't be too hard on him. Although we're his elders, we're not that strict. Once Ryan takes over, even 1, as his uncle, will rely on him to bring honor to our family name. You wouldn't believe how many friends of mine have been asking me about Ryan, eager to meet the future head of the group. It really feels like the younger generation has surpassed us, and our time is truly over." 
Liam's expression was a mix of a smile and a frown, making his emotions incomprehensible.
Ryan looked at Liam's scheming
face, his phoenix eyes narrowing with a sharp glint. "Uncle Liam, I know all your shady friends. They're all like blind men trying to kick a shuttlecock, one worse than the other. What future do you see hanging out with them all day? Did you even complete the project Grandpa assigned to you?" 
Liam's expression stiffened. Just as he was about to retort, Ryan did not give him the chance, launching into a fierce tirade. "You can't even handle your own responsibilities. Yet, you're busy pulling strings to bring those leeches closer to the group. Don't take this the wrong way, but aside from sucking the Hoffman Group dry, what benefits do those friends of yours bring us? Now you want to introduce them to me, huh? Do I look like an easy mark to you?" 
Liam's face turned beet red, his mouth opening. However, Ryan's next words made his blood pressure spike. "Honestly, since we're family, there's no need for all this beating around the bush. Your snide comments make it seem like you've spent the past few months meditating in some temple."
###chapter1545
Such blunt humiliation left Liam completely red-faced.
Liam knew Ryan was a ruthless and arrogant brat. However, considering Ryan was about to become CEO and with Logan present, Liam thought Ryan might show some restraint.
It turned out that Ryan would not hold back.
As the head of the family, Logan wanted to reprimand his grandson, but on second thought, Ryan was right. He, too, disapproved of his younger son's behavior and the useless cronies Liam associated with. So Logan awkwardly cleared his throat and took a sip of water.
However, Claire could not hide her discomfort further. She frowned and chided. "Ryan, how can you speak to your uncle this way? Show some respect!"
"Haha... Oh, Claire. Don't be so hard on Ryan. To us, he's still a kid."
Liam's wife, Selena, quickly stepped in to smooth things over, smiling warmly at Ryan. "Ryan, your uncle has always been like this, which is why he doesn't have many friends. His bluntness scared them all away. He didn't mean anything bad by it, so don't take it to heart."
Ryan raised an eyebrow and swirled the wine in his glass.
This was not the first time these two had played good cop, bad cop. Although Liam had physical limitations that made it hard for him to satisfy Selena in some aspects, he never shorted her materially. Despite their long-standing estrangement, Selena had never divorced him.
Rather than a married couple, they were more like a pair of thieves conspiring to seize the Hoffman family's wealth, resembling two leeches bloated with fresh blood.
Ryan's icy gaze fixed on Liam and Selena, his teeth clenched tightly. 'One day, I'll strike them with thunderous force, squishing these two parasites into oblivion!'
As the staff served the delicious dishes, everyone began to dine.
However, while everyone else enjoyed the meal, Ryan merely sipped on his red wine, not touching the food on his plate at all.
Well, Carrie had just stuffed him with food, fearing he would go hungry. In the car, he felt so bloated that his belt was about to burst open. He was practically squirming in discomfort. But there were no delicacies outside that could compare to the homely meals at Willow Creek Villa.
Without Carrie by his side, everything seemed tasteless.
"Why aren't you eating, Ryan?"
Selena adopted a concerned attitude toward her nephew. She smiled radiantly. "This is top-grade steak flown in from France today. Your grandfather had specially selected it for you. Look at how much your grandfather dotes on you. 
Ryan responded with indifference, "I don't digest beef well. I get stomachaches if I overeat. Thanks for thinking of me, Grandpa."
"Stomachaches? Son, you've always been healthy. When did you develop a stomach problem? Did Yasmin not take good care of you?" Claire's eyes filled with worry. "Mom, it has nothing to do with Yasmin."
"You've always been careless, busy from dawn till dusk every day, taking care of that girl from the Salvador family on top of everything else. Isn't it inevitable for your body to develop issues over time?" 
As Claire thought of her son's complicated relationship with the murderer's daughter, she felt a surge of anger that she could not express
at the moment. She corede
resort to a veiled ion. "Eating outside food is unhealthy. If you end up with health issues because of it, it'll be too late to turn back." 
"Mom, you can call Carrie by her name or refer to her as Ms. Salvador, but please don't address her as 'that girl'."
Ryan's expression grew serious, his tone deep. "Carrie has never spoken a word against you and has always mentioned you with respect. I hope you can treat the person I love with the same courtesy." Claire was at a loss for words. Her hands were trembling with anger as she gripped her knife and fork.
If this continued, that wretched girl Shannon had given birth to would truly steal her son away!
Seeing Ryan's indiscriminate attack, not sparing even his own mother, Liam felt better about himself, like the balance had been restored. He secretly smirked.
The Salvador family's youngest daughter was Ryan's weak spot. If Liam could find the right opportunity, he might be able to use Carrie to control Ryan and turn the tables!
"Ryan, I heard from your uncle that you brought your girlfriend to the horse race last time."
Selena was trying to stir the pot again. "It's a pity I was ill that day and couldn't meet Ms. Salvador. Aren't we having a family gathering now? You should've brought your girlfriend with you." Ryan ignored Selena, turning his intense gaze to Logan. "Can I do that, Grandpa?"
"What?" Logan was momentarily surprised.
"May I bring Carrie, your granddaughter-in-law, to join our family dinner next time?"
###chapter1546
Liam glanced at Selena in annoyance and thought to himself that it was unnecessary for her to bring this up at such a critical moment.
Although Carrie was Shannon's daughter, she was still Gregory's daughter and undoubtedly a member of the Salvador family.
While Liam intended to use the girl for his plans, he certainly did not want Ryan to actually marry Carrie. That would mean a legitimate alliance between prominent families, positioning Gregory as Ryan's father-in-law.
That would only make Ryan even more powerful!
At this moment, Liam had two options. He could either use the girl to threaten Ryan so the latter would not become CEO of Hoffman Group or allow Ryan to be the CEO but prevent a marriage alliance with the Salvador family.
Ryan's words made the atmosphere in the dining room tense.
Logan's thick, white eyebrows furrowed, and he avoided looking at his grandson.
But just as Logan was about to speak, Claire could not hold back any longer and blurted out, "Ryan, don't you understand the rules of our family gathering? Only members of the Hoffman family are allowed to attend. Why would you bring an outsider?"
"Outsider?" Ryan could feel his anger building up inside. His eyes narrowed, and his handsome face turned icy. "It does not matter. Carrie will soon be a part of the Hoffman family as my wife."
Claire's throat tightened. "Ryan, why do you always do this? Do you think that this is the right time to talk about such matters?"
"I came tonight to talk about this." Ryan suddenly stood up and turned to Logan with a powerful gaze. "Grandpa, I've come to let you and everyone else know that I intend to marty Carrie and make her my wife. Please give us your blessing." 
With that, Ryan bowed deeply to his grandfather.
At this moment, Logan's eyes widened as he looked at his grandson. This scene was undeniably shocking for everyone present.
The notorious playboy Ryan, who had always been known for his wild and extravagant private life, had never been so respectful and solemn. He was ready to put aside his pride for Carrie and their marriage. "Ryan, I don't like that girl from the Salvador family." Logan shot Ryan a stern and serious look, his tone filled with disappointment.
Logan added, "It doesn't matter
whether it's Ms. Carrie or the other daughter of the Salvador family; they cannot escape the fate of being the daughter of a murderer. Shannon has already been sentenced to death. The courtroom scenes are circulating online, and she is utterly disgraced. What are you trying to do by marrying her daughter? Are you cleaning up Shannon's mess?"
Claire nodded in agreement, while Liam and Selena indulged in their food and drink, but both unintentionally flashed subtle smirks.
Only Ryan seemed to be plunged into an icy abyss. His eyes reddened, and a chill spread throughout his body.
"My grandson from the Hoffman
I.net
family is of higher status compared to Justin Salvador. Why settle for any woman, let alone marry the daughter of a murderer? If this gets out, we'll become the laughingstock of society!" 
Logan's expression turned cold as he shook his head. "I can't agree to this union. It's simply not right." "Grandpa! Shannon is responsible for her own mistakes. What does that have to do with Carrie?!"
###chapter1547
Ryan's voice rose a few notches, veins bulging at his temples. "Moreover, Carrie was not even born when Shannon committed her crimes. Carrie is completely innocent. You can't judge her based on that!" "The actions of the older generation may not directly influence the younger generation, but how they behave will have a profound impact on the future of the next generation."
Logan said it sternly, leaving no room for argument. "What good could come from a daughter raised by Shannon? Let's not even mention her eldest daughter, Bethany, who often bullied my granddaughter by leveraging her parents' power. Your mother hid this from me for a long time. They are siblings, so how much better can the younger one be?"
Claire quickly chimed in, "Dad, you're right! Everything you're saying is exactly what I've been thinking!"
"Grandpa! You only met Carrie briefly and did not even speak to her. You never got to know her. How can you make such a hasty judgment?" Ryan gritted his teeth, his blood boiling in his veins. He could not bear to hear another word.
Carrie lived in the happy and warm little world he painstakingly built for her, but what she did not know was that stepping outside of it meant dealing with nothing but criticism, rumors, and gossip.
He wanted to shield her from all harm, to have the entire Hoffman family acknowledge her identity, rather than hide her away like a prized possession.
But clearly, taking this step was much more difficult than he had imagined.
"Ryan, your current status is different from before. You're about to become the CEO of the Hoffman Group, representing our entire family. In the past, it didn't matter how you behaved outside of work, but now your actions can directly affect the group's standing."
Liam took the chance and said, "There are no outsiders here today, so I'm going to speak honestly from the bottom of my heart. It wasn't easy for your grandfather to establish our family business. He still carries two big scars on his back from his wilder, younger days. You should be aware of how the Hoffman group began. Ryan, you know better than anyone the hard work that your grandfather and my older brother have put in to restore the reputation of the Hoffman family over the years.
"The Hoffman Group is currently unstable, and Wyatt's daughter has caused a lot of harm to our reputation. If you marry the daughter of a murderer like Shannon, how will outsiders view the Hoffman family? Those who know of your affection for each other might understand, but those who don't might think we're being controlled by the Salvador family. What leverage would we have in their hands? Your grandfather and father's hard work would all be in vain."
Claire was overwhelmed by memories of her late husband, who had died in a helicopter accident. She found it difficult to keep her emotions in check as tears filled her eyes.
Liam's words struck a chord with Logan, who strongly resonated with his son. "Liam, you're right! Ryan, marriage is not a trivial matter.
can't just go through with it with thinking it through! Break up with Ms Carrie as soon as possible. She's nowhere near worthy of joining our Hoffman family!" 
Ryan retorted, "I can uphold the family reputation on my own. There's no need for you to worry about that, Uncle Liam."
He took a deep breath, closed his eyes, and then opened them again with a determination that seemed capable of moving mountains. "I've already made up my mind. I want to marry Carrie, and I don't want anyone else but her!"
"You...!" Logan glared at his grandson's determined face, slamming his hand on the table.
Ryan looked exactly like his father whenever he got stubborn.
"Grandpa, I didn't come here to hear you talk like this.”
Ryan lowered his gaze and took a seat, but he couldn't hide the tension in his clenched fist under the table. "These days, I have authority over most of the Hoffman Group projects and industries. If I were to liquidate my shares or transfer them to someone else, it would be a huge
loss for our family." 
Logan and Liam were both stunned. Was this child really willing to give up a bright future just for the sake of a girl, and even sacrificing the Hoffman family?!
"If you understand my intentions, the Hoffman family's future is secure. If not, then I'll have to handle the problem in my own way."
A wicked grin tugged at the corner
I.net
of Ryan's lips. "Handing over these projects to Mr. Salvador or Ms. Thompson isn't a big deal since they're my friends. If I lend them a hand today, they'll have my back in the future. It sounds fair, doesn't it?"
###chapter1548
"Ryan! Are you out of your mind? What on earth are you saying?!" Claire trembled with anger.
Logan locked eyes with Ryan, the tension rising as hostility filled the room. His greatest worries had become reality-this child was growing increasingly powerful, almost on the brink of surpassing him. Ryan was strong and capable, while Logan was getting old. He could no longer control his grandson. Liam had ambitions, but he lacked the ability. The future of the Hoffman family depended on Ryan. But Logan could not just back down like that. As the head of the family, being intimidated by his own grandson was a total humiliation.
At that moment, Liam's phone vibrated in his pocket. He impatiently took it out and glanced at it. His pupils contracted instantly, and he stepped outside to answer the call.
In the deserted corridor, Liam answered the call, "Hello, Zoe. What made you decide to call your uncle?"
"Because I miss you, Uncle Liam." Zoe's voice was exaggeratedly sweet, making him cringe.
"Ah, without you in Savrow, our home has lost much of its joy and laughter. Your grandfather and your mother miss you so much they can hardly eat." Liam lit a cigarette, squinting as he took a drag. "I also want to return to Grandpa and Mommy, but as you know, my brother hates me so much..."
Zoe suddenly broke into tears. "I'm、
all alone in Inalia... I can't even go home. It's like living in a nightmare! Uncle Liam... I just want to go home. I really miss Grandpa and Mommy..." 
"I am also eager for you to return, but even your grandpa can't make this decision. It's up to your older brother."
Liam was well aware that their relationship was beyond repair, so he decided to provoke them.
"Earlier, Ryan fold us he's going to marry Ms. Carrie from the Salvador family. Once they get married, there will be no place for me in the Hoffman Group. Even if I wanted to
help you, there wouldn't be a way to
do it." .
Zoe fell silent for a moment, then spoke softly, "Uncle Liam, if I told you I could help you, could you find a way to help me return to Savrow?"
"You're able to help me? How?” Liam
asked as he raised an eyebrow suspiciously taking the opportunity to lay out his terms. "Can you stop Ryan from marrying that girl from the Satyador family? He's already announced it to the family. Ifyour brother truly becomes Chairman Salvador's son-in-law... Zoe, things might get even tougher for you in the future." 
"Uncle Liam, I can do it. But I have to be back in Savrow first," Zoe replied.
"With Ryan's impatience, he'd marry that girl tomorrow if it was possible. It might be too late by the time you return.”
Zoe laughed and said, "Uncle, you shouldn't be against it. Right now, you should show complete support. Maybe you can convince Grandpa to approve of Ryan marrying Carrie." Liam was confused and asked, "What are you talking about? Why?"
"I have my reasons for doing this." Zoe's voice turned cold and cryptic. "You handle this matter first. As for the rest, I have plans when I return to Savrow."
###chapter1549
In the dining room, the tension in the air was palpable.
Both Logan and Ryan refused to give in to each other, and the situation seemed to be spiraling out of control.
"Hahaha... Come on, Dad, Ryan. It's rare for the family to get together for a meal. Let's not do this!" Liam laughed as he walked over to the old man, helping him to sit down and massage his shoulders. "Ryan has been managing the Hoffman Group for you. It's not easy for him to work such long hours, but he really stepped up and contributed to the family."
Ryan stared coldly at Liam's sly expression, expecting him to spew some nonsense.
"Think about it. Has Ryan ever demanded anything from you over the years?"
Logan furrowed his brow tightly, actually pondering for a moment.
His eldest son had passed away early, so Logan only had one grandson, Ryan. At a young age, Ryan took on the responsibility of caring for his mother and younger sister.
Over the years, Ryan has independently developed businesses, made profitable investments, and expanded his ventures widely in Savrow. Indeed, Ryan had never once demanded anything from Logan. Liam watched Logan's expression soften and continued with a smile. "Now, Ryan wants to marry Carrie Salvador. It's rare for him to go against your wishes. Why not let him do what he wants?" Logan looked up at Liam in surprise, his lips pressed tightly together.
Ryan was also taken aback. He clearly did not anticipate Liam, who had been standing in his way, to suddenly be on his side and supporting him. He thought, 'Did this bastard forget everything and just change his mind out of nowhere?'
Liam leaned closer to his father and whispered, "The girl's mother may be Shannon the murderer, but she is also Gregory's daughter. She is a legitimate heiress of the Salvador family, which owns the leading financial group in Savrow. This marriage could benefit us greatly. Even if there's no business collaboration, binding them through marriage will make them more inclined to help us. Later, they would have to consider us their in-laws and give us more benefits."
Liam covered his mouth and spoke even softer. "As for the Salvador girl... You don't need to worry. We know what Ryan is like. He is just looking for something new, something exciting. Marrying his best friend's sister just adds a bit of thrill."
Logan clicked his tongue, feeling that what Liam said was inappropriate.
"What I mean is, even if they get married, so what? After a couple of years, Ryan will likely tire of her and put her aside. By the time we have benefited enough from the Salvador family, their marriage will probably be over. You understand, right? Our family is not the one to lose out." 
Ryan was seated far away and couldn't hear what Liam was saying to his grandfather. All he could see was that Logan's expression had visibly softened.
"Ryan, since you're so sincere and adamant about her, then I'll support you."
Logan finally gave in, but he still seemed quite reluctant. "However, I won't personally go to the Salvador family to propose this marriage alliance on your behalf. If you really want this woman, you'll have to fight for her yourself. As long as the
Salvador family agrees, then I have nothing to say." 
Claire and Selena were both shocked, with one staring at her father-in-law and the other at her husband.
Ryan could hardly believe his ears. Joy was radiating from his eyes as he broke into a wide grin, revealing his perfect white teeth.
"Thank you, Grandpa... Thank you for your support! I'll make sure to bring my wife to meet you as soon as possible!"
After the family dinner, Ryan bid farewell to his mother and hurried home excitedly.
Claire was filled with a mixture of frustration and reluctance as she watched her son walk away.
With Zoe abroad, it felt like her only son had also abandoned her. Claire knew Ryan was spending all his time with Shannon's daughter, completely neglecting her.
As these thoughts crossed her mind, she clutched her clothes in despair and muttered to herself, "Why is my life so miserable..."
"How is your life miserable,
sister-in-law?Your future
daughter-in-law is worth a fortune. If

I were you, I'd thank God for this marriage." Selena approached Claire with a smile. "Once Zoe comes back to stay with you, your house will be full of life again. You need to figure out a way to bring Zoe back."
"Yes, Zoe... I need my Zoe back with me." Claire could not help but feel the urge to cry as she thought about her daughter, who was all alone abroad.
Selena got into the car, her grin disappearing as she gave her husband a stern look while he played games on his phone. "What's going on with you? Weren't you totally against Ryan marrying that girl from the Salvador family? Why the sudden change in attitude?"
"You ignorant woman, what would you understand?" Liam smiled sinisterly and said, "This is just me buttering up Ryan. I want to make him feel unstoppable like he's in control of the whole world. The higher he climbs, the harder he'll fall!"
###chapter1550
It was already late at night when Ryan arrived home.
Yasmin was on her way out of the laundry room with a basket of clothes, when she noticed that Ryan had come back. She quickly set aside her work to greet him.
"Where's Carrie? Is she asleep?" Ryan took off his suit jacket and tossed it to her. His face was flushed with excitement.
"Young Madam is already asleep."
"Oh..." Ryan felt slightly disappointed but quickly smiled again. "Well, I'll let her know in the morning then."
Yasmin blinked and asked, "Young Master Hoffman, is there good news?"
"Grandpa agreed." Ryan's charming eyes sparkled brightly, his voice trembling with excitement.
"Grandpa agreed for me to marry Carrie!"
"Really?!" Yasmin felt a surge of happiness, tears glistening in her eyes. "Congratulations! It's like a dream come true for you and Young Madam. This is just amazing!"
"On the way back, my mother also called me and said she could also agree to accept Carrie, but on the condition that Zoe comes back." Ryan's gaze turned cold.
He said, "How absurd. When did my sweet mother learn to negotiate? Does she really think that I won't marry Carrie if she doesn't agree?"
Yasmin nodded in agreement. Claire often struggled to make clear decisions on important issues. Since Finn passed away, Ryan has been the main support for the household. Otherwise, Liam would have long taken over.
Ryan's expression turned serious. "But the only reason Grandpa agreed is because Liam put in a few good words. We need to keep an eye out for whatever schemes that guy is plotting."
"Liam is always looking out for his own interests. You must be careful," Yasmin said as her expression turned cold and serious.
Ryan took a quick shower and then slipped into bed, contentedly lying next to Carrie. The more he thought about it, the more excited he became, unable to fall asleep.
He quietly snuggled closer to her warm, fragrant body. Initially, he just wanted to be close, but that soon turned into a desire to hold her. This embrace ignited a fire within him, and he couldn't resist lifting her nightgown, his hands wandering over her soft curves.
Carrie suddenly woke up, opening her sleepy eyes and hugging Ryan. "You're back..."
"Sorry for waking you up, darling." Ryan felt a little guilty, but he did not want to let go of her.
"Ryan... Do you want it?" Carrie had become so sensitive and considerate under his care that she could read his desires easily.
He sighed and simply hugged her waist tightly. "No, or else you won't get any sleep tonight."
"You seem happy." Carrie closed her eyes and listened to his strong heartbeat. "Your heart is beating so fast, and I think I heard you laughing while I was asleep... What are you so happy about?" Ryan took a deep breath and gently kissed her forehead, feeling overwhelmed with love.
"Carrie, I'm finally going to marry you. I want the world to see you as the wife of the Hoffman Group's CEO. I want everyone to know how much you mean to me."
Carrie looked up at him, tears glistening in her eyes.
Ryan spoke each word deliberately. "Within the next couple of days, I'm planning to take you to meet your father. I want to formally ask for your hand in marriage."
Carrie looked stunned, her mouth slightly agape. Her lips were trembling, and tears welled up in her eyes.
Although Ryan lovingly referred to her as his "wife" every day, she had always thought of it as just a nickname.
She never imagined that he would actually propose to her. Especially after her mother was convicted of murder and sentenced to death, Carrie had never dared to think about marrying him for real. Simply being by his side quietly was enough.
"Ryan... You, you don't have to force yourself...”
"Force myself? You think I'm forcing myself?" Ryan's voice broke with urgency, his intense emotions threatening to overflow like molten lava, engulfing the small woman in his arms. "No, Carrie, this is not forced... Marrying you is my lifelong desire, my greatest wish."
After several days of getting everything ready and picking the ideal day, Ryan led his lovely wife by the hand as they arrived at Tideview Manor.
"Mr. Hoffman? Ms. Carrie?! You're here!" Paul, the secretary, was the first to greet them.
"Hello, Uncle Paul, how are you?" Carrie linked arms with Ryan, her smile as radiant as the warm sun.
"I'm great. I feel even better after
seeing you, Ms. Carrie," Paul said as he carefully observed Carrie's healthy and glowing face, appreciating how she had
blossomed under Ryan's atter el.net
care. He felt relieved knowing that Ryan was taking good care of her, and at last, his worries were eased. 
"Uncle Paul, is Chairman Salvador home?" Ryan asked with a warm smile, holding Carrie's hand tightly. "I need to talk to him about something really important."
Seeing Carrie's blush, Paul had already guessed the nature of their visit and couldn't hide his happiness. "Chairman Salvador is home. I'll go up and-"
"Carrie, you're back." Before Paul could finish speaking, Gregory's voice came from behind.
Ryan and Carrie both looked up.
Dressed in comfortable loungewear, Gregory made his way downstairs.
Bethany followed closely behind, dressed much more modest than before. Ryan barely recognized her.
Was this even the same person? The former ostentatious peacock now looked almost subdued, looking like Rosalind when she had returned from abroad. "Daddy..." Carrie squeezed Ryan's hand, becoming visibly nervous.
Gregory's expression softened slightly as he glanced at his daughter, then darkened again when he looked at Ryan.
"Oh, sister, you've finally decided to come home." Bethany forced a friendly smile. "It's been so long since I've seen you. I've really missed you."
"Carrie." Gregory's mood shifted, and
he spoke with a serious tone. "Since you're back home now, please don't leave again. You're part of the Salvador family, not some reckless wild child without anyone to care for you Does it set a good example to always be away and never at home?" 
"Yes, little sister." Bethany furrowed her brow, her face filled with concern. "You're only in your early twenties How does it look to be living with a man at such a young age? If this gets out, your reputation will be ruined. It's not a big deal for M. Hoffman, but you'll be the one who suffers."
###chapter1551
In an instant, Carrie's heart started racing, and she quickly shriveled into a trembling ball. Her initial rosy complexion suddenly turned pale, like a startled bird perched unsteadily on a branch. She bit her lip, subconsciously letting go of Ryan's hand.
Ryan's breath caught, and he tightened his grip on her hand until it felt like her fingers were losing blood circulation.
"What's wrong with being with me? Does it concern you?" Ryan raised his brows, glaring coldly at Bethany's cocky face. "Ms. Bethany, I never realized that you were so old-fashioned. It's quite contrary to your usual style."
Bethany's heart pounded violently, and her face turned pale. "W-What nonsense are you talking about?!"
"Am I spouting nonsense? Once we leave Tideview Manor, all we have to do is ask someone in Savrow's high society about your reputation, and everything will be crystal clear."
Ryan's sly grin slowly spread across his lips. "I have several friends around me who have played with you before. If you've forgotten, I can remind you who they are. I bet Chairman Salvador knows them too."
Gregory rubbed his temples, his eyes filled with hidden frustration, as he glared at his rebellious daughter.
"Dad... That's not true. He's lying! He's bullying me!"
Bethany's forehead broke out in a cold sweat, and she almost lost her balance, nearly falling down the stairs.
She used to be caught up in wild parties, hanging out at hotspots like the VIP section of the host clubs. This earned her a notorious reputation as a slut in the upper circles of Savrow. Her reputation had been damaged for quite some time because of her behavior.
Bethany had always presented herself as an innocent and obedient girl in front of Gregory. But now, Ryan had exposed the facade she had painstakingly built over the years, leaving her in a state of panic. Gregory did not have time to deal with Bethany at the moment. Instead, he redirected his attention to his youngest daughter. "Carrie, come here."
His words were brief, but they conveyed great power.
"Dad..." Carrie's voice was soft and weak, and her feet were hesitant to move forward.
Gregory's gaze darkened, his tone stern and unwavering. "Come here."
"Chairman Salvador, I'm here to talk about something really important," Ryan said with an intense gaze in his eyes.
"Mr. Hoffman, whatever you have to
say, say it here," Gregory said with a
Yel
condescending look, not even bothering to offer him a seat. "But you'd better make it short and simple. Don't delay our family dinner." 
His attitude had gone beyond ignoring Ryan to outright scorn.
Bethany hid behind her father, smirking quietly, feeling a release of pent-up frustration.
At the Reeds' party, Ryan
embarrassed Gregory in front of everyone to defend Bella, clearly drawing a line between himself and the entire Salvador family. This incident had spread widely among Savrow's social circles. 
Men valued their pride above all else. Gregory had been humiliated by
Ryan before, so it felt like kan ne
when Ryan ended up being
humiliated as well. 
"Chairman Salvador, I am here to officially ask for Carrie's hand in marriage."
###chapter1552
Ryan ignored Gregory's taunts and took a deep breath, his large hand holding Carrie's hand tightly. It trembled slightly as he declared, "I love Carrie. I won't marry anyone else but her. I will make her the happiest woman in the world."
As he spoke, he turned to look at Carrie. His teary eyes were filled with deep emotion. "Please... Let Carrie marry me."
A shy blush spread across Carrie's face, feeling warmth in her heart.
Bethany clenched her jaw as she watched them flaunt their love in front of her. Her expression twisted with a dark sense of longing, as though she were about to expose her hidden feelings and turn into a resentful creature.
"Heh..." Upon hearing this, Gregory let out a bitter and mocking laugh at Ryan. "Mr. Hoffman, as you are right now, you're not even qualified to stand in front of me. The fact that I'm even talking to you is already going above and beyond. Yet, you have the nerve to ask for my daughter's hand in marriage?
"Don't you remember how you acted at the last party? You were making it pretty obvious that you wanted to separate yourself from the Salvador family and show that we could never get along. I can see you showing a lot of interest in Bella Thompson. Maybe you should seek out Chairman Thompson instead of coming to me. Heh, I wonder what Justin would feel about that."
Ryan's temples throbbed with irritation as every word seemed to hit him hard. He felt so angry and frustrated, pushing his patience to the edge.
It was okay if Gregory only humiliated him. But dragging Justin and Bella into it felt like a direct personal attack. The anger that he had been holding back in his chest was about to explode, his fists tightly clenched.
Carrie's slim figure tensed up, every limb and bone feeling as cold as ice.
"Chairman Salvador, if you're upset with me, just let it out on me. You can criticize me, and I won't argue back." Ryan's intense gaze briefly flashed with a fiery red hue. "But please don't drag my best friend and his partner into this. I'm responsible for my own affairs, and it has nothing to do with them. Don't disrespect Justin and Bella like that!"
The air in the huge living room was cold and tense.
Paul glanced at Carrie. He felt like his heart was about to burst out of his chest as Ryan and Gregory were on the verge of a major fallout.
Ryan was a good man who valued friendship and loyalty, but sometimes he let his emotions get the better of him, often jeopardizing important matters.
Gregory was the kind of person who could be swayed by gentleness but not by aggression. If Ryan owned up to his mistake, apologized, and showed respect, there might still be a chance to negotiate.
But Ryan was also accustomed to
vel.net
being pampered and spoiled. Today might be the most frustrated and helpless he has ever been. Of course, Ryan could not stand it Any guy with self-respect would find it difficult to endure. 
"Mr. Hoffman, since the conversation has reached this point, there's no need for me to be polite anymore." Gregory's playful demeanor vanished, replaced by a sudden chilling expression.
"Keep dreaming of marrying Carrie! I
will never allow my daughter to marry someone who betrayed the Salvador family. What's the difference between that and keeping a potential threat beside me? If you end up marrying Carrie, you'll be my son-in-law. But if my son-in-law is always ready to go against his
father-in-law during important
moments, how could I accept such a
person into the Salvador family?"
Ryan was shocked and furious, as if he had been hit hard in the chest, feeling an inexplicable pain coursing through his entire body.
"I let you off the hook because of
your childhood friendship with Justin, but it seems like that just made you more cocky," Gregory
said, raising his chin in a way the net
added to his already scornful took. "I've made myself very clear. I will never agree to this marriage!" 
He added, "Leave Carrie here and get out of Tideview Manor right now. It would be best if you never showed your face here again!"
###chapter1553
Ryan gasped for air as though there was not enough oxygen in the air.
Driven by his deep sense of loyalty, Ryan chose to stand against Gregory to defend his two best friends at that party. But the price he had to pay for his decision was truly high. He may never be able to marry the woman he loves most.
He could challenge the entire Hoffman family and was willing to even risk everything. But how could Carrie do that? She seemed so helpless and afraid. Even if she wanted to, how could he allow her to handle all that pressure and abandon everyone?
"Carrie, come back home. You're a good girl. Listen to Daddy and come home." Gregory's gaze softened as he looked at Carrie and opened his arms. "You're still young and don't understand the ways of the world. You can't see through people's hearts. You don't even know when you've been deceived. But it doesn't matter. I don't blame you. As long as you come back, you'll still be Daddy's good daughter... Daddy's most beloved daughter."
Carrie felt as if all the energy had been sucked out of her. She stood frozen in place.
She had already lost her mother, so she did not want to lose her father as well. But she could not stand the thought of losing Ryan.
"Carrie, Daddy treats you so well. Are you willing to make Daddy angry?" Bethany immediately chimed in, seizing the opportunity to vent her frustration. "You used to stay at home all the time, not knowing how wicked the world outside is. When it comes to men, you can't believe their words. Not a single one.
"Ryan, you're talking about me without any shame. But it looks like you can't even see your own mistakes! Carrie, this guy who sweet-talks you every day is actually the biggest player in Savrow, and he's had more relationships than anyone! He's only into you because he hasn't added you to his collection yet. When things go south and you want to come back home, Daddy won't take you in anymore!" Carrie's body trembled uncontrollably, tears welling up in her doe-like eyes.
Ryan quickly pulled her into his embrace, his hand resting on her back to comfort her. Even though he was struggling to keep his emotions in check, he always had endless patience when it came to the person he cared for most.
"Ryan, I'm sorry... I..."
"I have such a good granddaughter. Let me see who's the blind fool that doesn't want to marry her!" A robust voice resounded from outside, sending shivers down the spines of everyone in the Salvador family. The next moment, Justin was seen pushing Nigel in a wheelchair through the gate. Walking beside him was none other than Bella, radiating beauty and confidence.
Though there were only three of them, they exuded an overwhelming, unstoppable force, as if they were leading a mighty army.
Gregory's heart shrank, while Bethany's face froze.
"Justin... Bella..." Ryan said as tears welled up in his eyes.
Justin gazed at him, his lips slightly puckered, giving a subtle nod. No words were.exchanged, yet it was enough, As best friends for twenty years, they had an unspoken bond that allowed them to always support each other in the most crucial moments. 
Bella noticed Carrie's pale complexion and asked, "Ryan, how's Carrie?"
She could not care about anything else at the moment and was only worried about her condition.
"With me here, she'll be fine." Ryan's voice was hoarse with emotion.
Nigel's eagle-like eyes scanned the room, eventually fixing his gaze on the young couple, his expression gradually softening.
"Dad, what brings you here?" Gregory asked and he descended the stairs, his expression extremely stiff.
"If I hadn't shown up, who knows what you would have done to my sweet granddaughter! Who knows what kind of garbage you'd be spewing right now!" Nigel shot him an angry look, feeling so furious that he wanted to get up and kick him.
Gregory's face turned red as he said, "Dad! What did you say? Carrie is my daughter, and everything I do is for her sake!"
"Hmph!" Nigel spat at him in front of everyone and said, "You're just trying to make up for the pride you've lost That's why you're pressuring Carrie like this, using the relationship between your daughters to shamelessly humiliate Ryan!" 
Ryan felt a bitterness in his throat and looked at Nigel with red eyes.
"Seriously, I can't wait to go to the hospital and give my ears a good cleaning after listening to that. It's really disgusting!"
Nigel gave Gregory a disgusted look
and said, "I think you're the one who can't see people for who they are and doesn't even realize when you've been fooled, don't you think? How can you call yourself emotionally stable if you can choose to marry Shannon, a toxic woman hated by many people? Carrie is a thousand times better than her father, so please don't drag my granddaughter into this mess!"
###chapter1554
Nigel's words really packed a punch. The one and only person who could talk some sense into Gregory was his own father. Bethany huddled behind Gregory like a frightened bird, too terrified to even look up.
Bella quickly went over to Carrie and whispered, "Carrie, don't be afraid... I'm here with Justin and Grandpa Nigel." Carrie looked up from Ryan's embrace, her usually radiant face now puffy from crying. Ryan's chest was wet with her tears.
"Annie..."
Upon hearing that name, Bella's eyes filled with tears instantly, and her heart felt unbearable pain.
Carrie choked back her tears, clutching tightly to Ryan's clothes. She softly said, "I don't want to be separated from Ryan."
At that moment, Ryan felt like his heart was being crushed. He held her tighter as if he would never let her go. "We won't be separated, Carrie. No matter what happens, I will never leave you."
Bella was momentarily stunned, her heart was filled with pain. This moment reminded her of the time when Wyatt kept her locked at home, and she had to jump out of the window on a stormy night like a crazy person to find Justin.
She held onto Justin tightly, telling him that she never wanted to be away from him.
But she was far luckier than Carrie. Wyatt was stubborn, but in the end, he softened out of love for his daughter and compromised.
Gregory was different. He was selfish and merciless. Would he even think about Carrie? He only cared about himself, and the family's image always came before everything else, even at the expense of close relationships.
"I'm not going to bother talking to you because you never really get what I'm saying! Today, I'm here to back up these young lovebirds!"
Nigel gave Gregory a cold stare. "So, you said you'd never agree to this marriage even if you were to die, right? Then just go ahead and die."
"Dad! What... What are you saying?!"
..
Gregory was so enraged that steam seemed to be coming out of his head. His eyes were bloodshot with anger and his words even sounded a bit ridiculous. "Fine... Why should I die then?" 
Nigel said, "What's the matter? You're a grown man, why are thoughts of dying even crossing your mind? And you're the respected chairman of the Salvador Corporation. I worked so hard to retire, and now you want to die? 
"Since you don't want to die, stop threatening the younger generation like that! Ryan still respects you because of Carrie and Justin, but it seems like you think that you're irreplaceable. You're even using your own life as leverage to threaten them. It's making me feel
embarrassed!" 
Gregory's head spun. His hand tightly held onto the stair railing as his veins throbbed and he clenched his teeth tightly.
Over the years, Nigel had insulted Gregory harshly in private, yet it never really bothered him. But this time, Gregory's children, Bella, and Ryan, were also present.
What Nigel did not only embarrassed him but also shattered his remaining dignity.
Bethany suddenly came to a realization. 'How did Grandpa know everything about their conversation with Ryan earlier? Didn't he just arrive?'
The truth was, Nigel had already arrived half an hour ago. His car had quietly pulled up outside Tideview Manor.
Inside the car, Justin sat across from Bella and Nigel as he watched her confidently display her talents in front of Nigel. Bella's eyes gleamed as she hacked into the server for the surveillance camera in the living room.
"Grandpa Nigel, it's settled," Bella said as she held out the laptop to Nigel.
"Settled?" Nigel looked at her in disbelief.
###chapter1555
Bella responded, "Mhmm."
"Oh my goodness... How is my little angel so talented? Unlike my grandson, who knows nothing but how to make money!" Nigel said as he pinched Bella's nose affectionately.
Justin's face turned sour as he watched them. Not only was this old man belittling him, but he was also touching his woman.
The three of them huddled together, watching closely what was happening on the screen.
Bella felt a surge of anger as she watched the young couple being mistreated, her throat burning and her fists clenching.
"Grandpa, should we go over there now?" Justin asked in a strained voice, his breath catching in his chest.
Nigel's expression became serious. "Let's wait just a bit longer."
Both the young couple looked surprised.
"Since Ryan wants to marry my granddaughter, this will undoubtedly be a difficult test for him," Nigel said.
Although he cared deeply for his granddaughter, Nigel was also a practical man.
"They've only taken the first step and are already facing such significant obstacles. There will likely be more trouble in the future. This time, I want to see how much Ryan truly loves Carrie and if he is capable of protecting my beloved granddaughter. From what I know, the Hoffman family is not so different from the Iverson family. They're like wolf dens. If Carrie marries him, I need to be sure that he can ensure a secure future for her before I can entrust her to him."
Bella and Justin looked at each other, feeling deeply touched.
This showed the genuine love and care an elder had for the younger generation. Through his actions, Ryan had finally gained Nigel's approval.
Nigel yelled, "You don't know how to be a father, so I'll do it for you!"
The old man did not spare Gregory another glance. Instead, he smiled kindly and beckoned to the young couple. "Carrie, Ryan, come over here to Grandpa."
Ryan took a deep breath and walked toward Nigel, holding onto his petite partner's shoulder.
"Grandpa..." Carrie's eyes were swollen from crying, but she still looked obedient and adorable, making people feel even more heartbroken.
Nigel responded with a sigh, feeling a pang in his heart. He took his granddaughter's hand and held it tightly. "My dear, favorite granddaughter, you've suffered too much." Carrie shook her head tearfully. "No, Grandpa..."
'My favorite granddaughter.' Bethany shook with anger as she heard those words.
It seemed like all Bethany's efforts to please her grandfather over the past few years had been for nothing. Whether it was about love or family, Bethany felt like a loser and was utterly crushed. 
Nigel's heavy gaze fixed on Ryan again. "Ryan, from now on, I'll leave my granddaughter to you. You must take good care of my granddaughter and treat her like a queen, willing to do anything for her. Are you able to do it?" 
"Grandpa... I am."
QUA
With three fingers raised, Ryan's voice trembled as tears filled his red eyes. "swear to you, to the heavens,
I'll love Carrie forever, until the end of time. Otherwise..." 
Before he could get the words out, Carrie sneaked up and silenced him by covering his mouth.
"I get it, Ryan," Carrie said. "You don't have to say anything else."
Meanwhile, as Bella secretly wiped away her tears, Justin hugged her gently from behind and whispered in her ear.
###chapter1556
Carrie squinted her beautiful eyes and muttered, "Finally."
Nigel asked seriously, "Ryan, I heard from Justin that you have already informed Chairman Hoffman about your marriage to Carrie. Is that true?"
Ryan immediately replied, "I have also informed the whole family. My grandfather agreed explicitly, and my mother did not oppose it."
Bella and Justin exchanged a knowing look. They understood that Ryan was sharing the good news but omitting the struggles. The process of convincing Logan must have been tough. As for Claire's opinion, i did not matter much since Ryan held the power in the family.
"Well... That's good." Nigel nodded in satisfaction, smiling with relief. "Soon, find a time to arrange a meeting between me and Chairman Hoffman. Since both families have agreed to this marriage, it would be improper for the elders not to meet and discuss it. If possible, I will find a good date for the engagement ceremony. Once that is done, our families will be formally united by marriage."
Upon hearing the word "engagement", Ryan became so joyful that he did not know what to do with his hands and feet. Carrie snuggled next to him, blushing with shyness. Her eyes were brimming with tears of happiness.
Throughout the conversation, they discussed everything while completely excluding Gregory, who was the head of the Salvador family.
In a trance, Gregory was taken back thirty years. Back then, his father and younger brother were as close as friends, despite their age difference. They always had endless topics to talk about, while he sat silently like an outsider, feeling invisible. His father truly loved his younger brother. If it were not for the latter's early death, how could the Salvador Corporation have fallen into his hands?
Nigel's timely intervention settled Ryan's and Carrie's marriage.
Carrie was now Ryan's legitimate fiancée. Ryan was so overjoyed that he took the four steps of the staircase in one stride, like a playful boy. Gregory had already stormed upstairs in anger, but he still adhered to etiquette and asked Bethany to see Nigel off.
Bethany dared not disobey, and she had to follow reluctantly. As the group walked ahead, she trailed behind like a maid, not daring to catch up. However, her gaze on Carrie was as venomous as a snake, flickering with a stinging cold light.
"Bethany." Nigel suddenly stopped.
"Yes, Grandpa!" Bethany hurriedly stepped forward, placing her hands in front of her, presenting a picture of a well-behaved girl.
Nigel spoke coldly without looking at
her. "Bethany know you made many foolish mistakes because Shannon raised you, and you failed to see what's right and wrong clearlyBut now that the venomous woman is dead and you are still young, I can understand some of the wrong paths you took, sol will not pursue past matters." 
"Grandpa, it is not what you think, I..."
"But you know what kind of person I am. I cannot tolerate the slightest bit of filth. Now that the biggest tumor in our family has been removed, I hope there will be no more trouble in the Tideview Manor. Don't make any trouble for me." Nigel's icy gaze finally landed on her pale face. "If
you behave yourself, vace. "If
will still be my granddaughter. If not, do not blame me for being merciless. I do not wish for Shannon's malignant influence to linger even after her death." 
Bethany's heart pounded in fear, and she could not help but defend herself. "Grandpa! What have I done wrong? grew up by your side and spent most of my time with you, no less than that of Justin or Carrie! What have I done that you say such things to me?" 
Justin and Bella watched her perform with cold, piercing eyes.
"Do you know what one of the ugliest thoughts in the world is?" Nigel suddenly asked in a deep voice. Bethany stood there, dazed and bewildered.
"It's the inability to stand seeing others live better than yourself, even if that person is your own sister."
###chapter1557
"Grandpa... What do you mean by this?! I am Carrie's older sister. How could I harm my own sister?" Bethany defended herself in panic, feeling a cold sweat creep down her back. Ryan hugged Carrie tightly and could not help but sneer.
Nigel's lips curled into a mocking smile. "Your grandfather is not senile yet. Whether things are as you say, I know clearly, and so do you. Your sister is about to marry into the Hoffman family as the CEO's wife. Instead of wasting your energy on pointless things, why not curb your flamboyant nature and have your father find you a respectable marriage and a satisfactory son-in-law for himself?"
Bethany's eyes were filled with hatred. Was this old man subtly mocking her for not being able to get married?
Unable to hold back, she finally retorted, "My personal matters are none of your concern, Grandpa. Even if I never get married, I am still my father's daughter and the heiress of the Salvador family. With my mother gone and my sister getting married, I still have to help Father manage Tideview Manor."
"The estate has a manager. Why do you even bother?" Nigel squinted his sharp eyes and delivered a ruthless blow. "Moreover, Tideview Manor is my personal property. When Bella marries into our Salvador family, I will give it to them as a wedding gift."
Bella's heart pounded heavily, and her eyes widened in shock. 'Tideview Manor is Bella's wedding gift? Grandpa Nigel, you will make me cry!'
However, Justin calmly rubbed Bella's waist, his handsome face remaining composed. Nigel had mentioned this countless times in private. He even said that when he and Bella got married, Tideview Manor would become their love nest, and Gregory would have to find another place to live. After all, this was Nigel's house, and he had the final say.
"At that time, my
granddaughter-in-law will be the sole
inheritor of Tideview Manor. From then on, she will manage the people here, and what she says goes. No one else needs to meddle." Nigel declared, smiling warmly at Bella. His affection grew the more he looked at her. "Others do not need to worry unnecessarily." 
Shannon had flaunted her power on Nigel's turf for too many years. This was his way of challenging Gregory and intimidating Bethany.
However, Nigel did not realize that his eldest granddaughter was not just momentarily misguided. She was inherently malicious. She was a
lowotten seed that was brought
into the Salvador family by Shannon. 
His words would not frighten her. Instead, they provoked the devil inside her, intensifying her hatred for Bella and Carrie.
When Niget and his entourage left Tideview Manor, Bethany dragged her leaden feet up the stairs, her eyes filled with hatred. She was so menacing that even the passing servants seemed to want to avoid her. 
The more she thought about it, the angrier she became. Unable to contain her frustration, Bethany pulled out her phone and called Zoe.
"What do you want? You're interrupting my spa session." Zoe's voice was filled with annoyance right from the start.
"When are you coming back?! If you don't come back soon, that little tramp, Carrie, will completely steal your family away!"
###chapter1558
Bethany covered the phone receiver. Her voice held a mix of anger and secrecy. "Just now, Ryan came to ask for Carrie's hand in marriage. Originally, my dad disagreed, but then Bella and Justin brought my grandpa over! With just a few words, the old man not only subdued my dad but also finalized their marriage! Soon, they will be engaged! Not long after that, Ryan will probably get that fool pregnant. By the time you return, what will you do?"
There was sudden silence on the other end.
"Hello! Say something..."
"Don't worry. I am not the only one in the Hoffman family who does not want Carrie to marry Ryan. A wealthy marriage alliance seems like a strong union, but it is full of loopholes. Any small mistake can ruin everything. People like Justin and Bella, who are madly in love without any care, are rare. As for Ryan? Hah, what a joke." Zoe laughed scornfully.
But even Zoe could not deny one thing. The unwavering love between Justin and Bella was unprecedented and unheard of in the prestigious families of Savrow.
Bethany wanted to say something more, but Zoe continued, "By the way, Mayor Solloway's son came to Inalia to hang out with me. Your mom didn't even have a funeral, so you must be bored. Why don't you fly over here to have fun with me? If you don't have money, I can cover your expenses. You do have a private jet, right? If not, I can also cover the plane ticket."
Bethany was furious with shame. In one day, she had been mocked for not being able to marry and for being poor. She felt an urge to destroy the world.
"Hmph, others may not know, but I know that the Solloway guy is just a simp for you. Why would I fly over there to watch you two being all lovey-dovey?"
"Oh, whatever suits you."
Bethany calmed down and
instructed the maid to brew a cup of tea. Then, she decided to personally deliver it to Gregory. Now, only she and her father were left in Tideview Manor. Since Ryan had so cruelly exposed her secrets, she had to
seize every opportunity to ratiate
herself with her father. 
Taking a deep breath, she knocked on the study door.
l.ne
Paul opened the door and looked at her indifferently. "Ms. Bethany, Chairman Salvador is not feeling well and needs to rest. What do you
need?" 
"Well, I noticed my father looked unwell, so I personally brewed some tea for him," Bethany said, blinking innocently.
"Let her in." Gregory's low voice came from inside. Only then did Paul reluctantly step aside.
"Daddy!"
Bethany entered with the tray, her voice dripping with sweetness. "I made this for you."
"Thank you. Just leave it there," Gregory replied without looking up, his tone cold.
"Dad, please don't be angry. No
matter what others say, my heart is
always with you," Bethany said,
carefully placing the tray down and moving doser to her father. "You saw today that even before she is married off, Carrie's heart is no longer with our family. You have raised and loved her for so many
years, but as soon as she has a man, she forgets her own father. It is truly heartbreaking." 
Gregory's frown deepened. His face was like a frosty mask.
###chapter1559
Bethany said, "Also, you work so hard every day! You exhausted yourself for the company, yet Grandpa doesn't appreciate it at all. How could he embarrass you like that in front of others? It's truly disheartening."
Bethany not only smeared her sister but also stabbed her grandfather in the back. With Shannon dead, the only person left in the Salvador family she could rely on was Gregory.
Since the old man was no longer on her side, she decided to sow discord to further worsen the relationship between father and son.
Sure enough, Gregory's face darkened like the bottom of a pot after Bethany finished speaking. She was secretly pleased. Suddenly, she remembered Shannon mentioning that her father and uncle had conflicts, so she decided to use this to deepen the rift. "Dad, what do you think Grandpa means? Does he still believe that Uncle Gary can come back to life?"
Paul looked at Bethany in shock.
Gregory's large hand on the table clenched tightly. He slowly lifted his eyelids, and the unprecedented coldness in his eyes made Bethany shiver.
"What did you say?"
"Dad, I heard... Grandpa has always favored Uncle Gary and has shown little care for you. As the eldest son, you were supposed to inherit the family business unless you were weak and sickly like my big brother Grant. I think Grandpa seemed very dissatisfied with you being the head of the family. Hmph, but what can he do if he's dissatisfied? Can he bring Uncle Gary back to life? Ah!"
Before Bethany could finish her sentence, Gregory suddenly flew into a rage and slapped her hard. The force was so strong that it left Bethany with a splitting headache. She could even see stars. Gregory pointed at her swollen and disheveled face, his eyes wide with fury. "Both your grandfather and Gary are your elders! Who gave you the right to speak ill of them? Get out of here!" Bethany's mind was blank as she clutched her face and ran out of the study, terrified.
Gregory suddenly collapsed back into his chair, panting heavily. His face was as pale as a sheet of paper, and his forehead was covered in cold sweat.
Paul hurriedly brought the tea. "Chairman Salvador, please drink some tea. Don't get too worked up. You need to take care of your health."
Gregory tried to pick up the teacup, but his hand trembled so much that he failed repeatedly.
"Paul, do you think my father has always suspected me?"
Paul's pupils contracted. He knew Gregory was referring to the incident thirty years ago when Nigel's favorite second son died of a heart attack in prison.
"No, he probably hasn't suspected you," Paul whispered, even though they were alone in the study. "If he had suspected you, why would he let you inherit the Salvador family business? Just based on this, he must not have suspected you were involved in that matter."
Gregory held his head with his trembling hands. His eyes were clouded as he said, "But now he is giving the business that I couldn't
to show that he has always
control to Justin. Isn't that a net
harbored resentment toward me?
He never intended for me to be the heit, did he? He chose me only because Gary died. And now that the younger generation has grown up and can surpass us, he is eager to let Justin take control of Salvador Corporation. He overstepped his bounds!" 
"You're overthinking this. Young Master Justinis indeed very
capable, which is why Old Master
?
Nigel trusts him with important responsibilities," Paul continued to comfort him. "Besides, you are bound by blood. When you retire, the Salvador family will still belong to Young Master Justin. It won't fall into the hands of outsiders." 
"That may be true, but Justin's heart has never been with me because of his mother! Now, he is getting closer to the old man and has allied with Bella. The further consolidates his power in Salvador Corporation, my only outcome will be forced retirement, subject to his whims." 
Gregory's eyes snapped open, his expression turning sinister. "Book me a ticket to Meridan. I miss Grant. It's time for a visit."
###chapter1560
The two happy couples had dinner at Nigel's house. The evening was filled with laughter and joy.
After dinner, the servants cleared the table. In front of the most important witnesses, Ryan instructed Yasmin to take out a thick stack of documents from a briefcase and lay them one by one in front of Nigel. The table was covered with red-tinted documents, resembling a giant red tablecloth! Yet, these were just the tip of the iceberg. Despite being accustomed to grandeur, the thickness of the domestic property deeds alone made Bella exclaim in wonder.
"Don't be envious," Justin said, squinting his eyes and firmly interlocking his fingers with hers under the table, his voice low and soft. "What he has, I have too. Mine is no less than his."
"Hmph. Even if you two combine what you have, it's not even a tenth of my dad's wealth. What's there to be envious of?" Bella retorted. Her eyes betrayed her joy, brimming with sweetness. "It's just the first time I've seen someone lay it all out like they're setting up a stall."
Justin gazed at the stunning expression on Bella's face, frowning with a bitter smile. He immediately wanted to kick himself for showing off in front of the daughter of Hatchbay's richest man. He must have lost his mind.
"Ryan, what's this for?" Nigel blinked, feigning ignorance.
Ryan smiled with joy while holding Carrie's hand. "Grandpa Nigel, these are the betrothal gifts I've prepared for Carrie, but this is just what I have domestically. I also have some properties overseas, but I haven't had time to sort them out. I will do my best to organize them for your review."
Carrie's face turned redder than the property deeds on the table, her delicate hands drenched in sweat from Ryan's grip, and happiness was evident in her eyes and smile.
Nigel was not a cold-hearted magnate selling his granddaughter. He had already prepared a generous dowry for her. He did not need these gifts, but seeing Ryan's earnest preparation made him smile from ear to ear. "Your devotion to Carrie means more than anything."
"Grandpa Nigel, having devotion alone isn't enough," Ryan said, looking into Carrie's eyes with a focus that seemed to pierce her soul. "Haven't you heard the saying? The measure of how much you love a woman is how much you're willing to spend on her."
Bella and Justin exclaimed, "So cheesy!"
Nigel nodded in agreement, feeling he had found a kindred spirit. When his wife was alive, he, too, spent extravagantly to pamper her.
"I wish I could give Carrie everything I own. I want to give her the grandest wedding of the century, so the whole world can witness our happiness." Ryan was eager, wishing he could marry Carrie immediately. "No need to be so extravagant! Just something simple with family and friends is enough," Carrie said, anxious and embarrassed by Ryan's lavishness.
Ryan smiled reassuringly. "Carrie,
you don't understand. The people in the Hoffman family are extremely snobbish. If I don't make it a grand and glorious event, they'll gossip about you behind your back and look down on you." 
Justin took a sip of tea. "You seem to have a pretty good understanding of your family's situation."
Ryan raised his eyebrows arrogantly. "Of course, when it comes to self-awareness, I'm always a step ahead of you, brother."
"Ahem..." Justin immediately choked, almost spilling his tea.
Justin thought, 'Was this kid thinking his marriage to Carrie was a done deal and he didn't need to be polite anymore?! Hmph!' Nigel and Bella laughed.
"Grandpa Nigel, the appointment for the CEO of the Hoffman Group will be finalized soon. After the board meeting, Carrie and I will hold our engagement ceremony," Ryan said, a hint of inferiority flashing inhis prouid eyes. 
"Previously, I was always a marginal figure in the Hoffman family, only having the title of 'Young Master Hoffman', while the real power was in the hands of my grandfather and uncle. Carrie has given me tremendous motivation and
Poovel. P
rekindled my ambition for power. So, I want to officially become the CEO of the Hoffman Group and match Carrie's status before I propose to
her properly. After all, it's just around the corner."
###chapter1561
Despite his best efforts to keep his composure, Nigel was moved to tears.
He could see his younger self in Ryan.
Nigel was glad Carrie found the right man for herself.
Ryan returned home, feeling on cloud nine. Thanks to the drinking session with Justin, Ryan held his fiancée, singing and asking for kisses.
Behind the wheel, Yasmin peered through the rear-view mirror. Though her face remained blank, she was over the moon for them.
"Uh... H-Hold up, Ryan." With Ryan's playful touches stirring a tickling sensation under her skin, Carrie placed both hands on his chest and nudged him away.
The hickeys Ryan planted across Carrie's neck only left him wanting for more. He tightened his grip around her waist.
"What? Don't you want me to love you?"
"N-No. You got saliva all over my face." The dampness on her face was not the most comfortable feeling.
Yasmin broke out into a snicker.
As Ryan's heaving grew heavy with desire, he nuzzled up her ear and murmured in a raspy voice, "Why did you let go of my hand when your father expressed his disapproval of our relationship, Carrie?" Carrie kept her head down bashfully. "I was afraid Dad would take his anger out on you. I didn't want to put you in the spot, Ryan."
"Babe..."
Overcome by a sudden urge to cry, Ryan teared up and sealed her lips. "Remember, never let go of my hand, no matter what happens.
"Please love me forever. Please don't ever leave me."
With a huge thing out of the way, Bella and Justin returned home feeling fulfilled.
They entered the residence to find Asher and Steven sitting on the living room sofa.
"Ms. Bella." Steven jolted to his feet.
Startled by the unexpected guests, Bella frantically turned her face away and swiped at her smudged lipstick and flushed cheeks, remnants of her passionate encounter with Justin.
Justin greeted the guests courteously. "Hello, Asher and Steve."
Asher raised his drink gracefully and glanced at Justin's face before speaking cryptically, "Well, someone was loving dessert today."
Surprised, Justin brushed his thumb across his lip and found a smear of crimson on his skin.
Bella blushed and got on her tiptoes to clean Justin's lips.
Justin grabbed her wrist, his eyes smoldering with a flirtatious glint. A playful smile tugged at the corners of his lips. "Oh, I enjoyed dessert very much." Asher simply took a sip of his drink without saying a word.
Bella swiped hard at Justin's lips.
She could not be in a more awkward situation.
"Young Madam! Young Master! You're home." Wilma's timely presence in serving fruits liberated Bella from the embarrassing tension.
"What brings you here at this hour, Ash?" Bella approached and asked.
Turning somber, Asher took a deep breath. "Dad had another stroke, and this is the worst one ever."
"What?" The couple exclaimed in unison.
"Don't panic, Ms. Bella. Chairman
Thompson has survived the critical
window. Otherwise, Mr. Asher and I
would've gone straight to you
instead of waiting for you here." 
Steven consoled Bella, "Chairman Thompson is admitted to the family's hospital in Hatchbay. The family and Dr. Larson are there. Dr. Larson is a neurologist. He will help Chairman Thompson get better."
###chapter1562
"He was in a critical window? How could I not panic?" Sweat soaked Bella's back in a hair-raising moment. "Why didn't you call me? I am his daughter. I should be by his side at a time like this." The tears in Bella's eyes were a gut punch to Justin. He took her shaky hand and held her tight.
Sure, Bella would make fun of Wyatt and act like she did not care about him, but Justin knew she did not want anything to happen to her father.
Asher fixated on Bella's tearful eyes and sighed helplessly. "Dad wouldn't let us tell you."
Bella's heart dropped. "Dad..."
"When he had the stroke, he told Quentin not to inform us, especially not you."
Asher tried to keep his tone flat. "Dad knows that you have your hands full. He just didn't want to bother you with another piece of bad news."
The love of a father was great and silent.
So as not to worry his children, Wyatt gritted his teeth and bore even the most agonizing pain.
With emotions running high, Bella's voice turned hoarse. "Wilma, pack my things. I'm getting back to Hatchbay now."
"Of course, Young Madam," Wilma responded.
"Pack a few sets for me too, Wilma. I'm going with Bella." Furrowing his brows, Justin wrapped his arm around Bella's shoulders.
Bella met Justin's concerned gaze, and her eyes welled up. "I'm sorry. I doubt I can go with you to our Swiss vacation."
"It's okay. Your father's health takes precedence. We can always go on vacation at another time." Justin cupped her face. "There's one more thing."
Asher paused, his expression somber. "Christopher is back."
The air crackled with tension.
The name stood out like a sore thumb.
"His private aircraft landed at Savrow Airport this afternoon."
Justin looked aloof. "Where was Christopher's point of departure, Asher?"
Asher replied, "Meridan."
Surprised, Bella rested her index
finger against her chin. "So Christopher didn't go back to Sentania or to Terranova. What was he doing in Meridan? Was it a suitable place to get his mother the treatment she needed? I don't think
el.p
Christopher has any busn't think
connections there." 
The mention of treatment reminded Justin of Grant.
Somehow, Justin sensed something was not right.
Asher replied, "Meridan has more advanced medical care and
equipment, I heard the country has set up a t treatment center just for
Parkinson's and Alzheimer's. Christopher might have gone there for his mother." 
Bella scoffed. "I hope so. Let's hope he wasn't up to no good again."
Steven took the wheel of a fancy car, taking the group to Hatchbay.
While on the way, Bella gripped her hands tightly together, her mind elsewhere.
"Don't
his
r dad will get better e
Justin ran his hand behind h
with
worry. Content in in
Sitting across from them, Asher nodded in agreement.
"Ash, what were the circumstances around Dad's stroke?"
back
Bella asked solemnly, "It had to be a stressful situation to trigger the stroke."
Asher pursed his lips.
While Asher tried to find the words, Steven blurted out in rage, "It's all Mr. Cameron's fault!"
###chapter1563
"What did Cameron do now?" Bella's tone was harsh, and her eyes turned somber.
Justin picked up that Cameron, Wyatt's only brother, was not the type to be on the straight and narrow.
He had always thought that the Thompsons were the model family of togetherness, but they had their share of family problems too.
"Cameron secretly poured his money into accumulator investments to make more profit, but due to the recent turmoil in Meridan's stock market, he lost everything."
Locking his brows, Asher shook his head. "He could've pulled his investments, but he took someone's advice to continue investing, thinking that Meridan's government would step in to stop the stocks from crashing. Since he ran out of funds, he started embezzling the corporate funds."
"Cameron is an idiot! Seriously?" Outraged, Bella pounded the car window.
Justin held her hand tight, sharing her sentiment. "The risks are high in accumulator investments, and the investor should be ready to lose them all. Six months ago, a senior executive of Salvador Corporation owed a huge debt and ended his life by jumping off the building."
Steven was livid to the point of dropping Cameron's honorifics. "Just days ago, Ruby noticed falsified numbers in two corporate accounts when reviewing the financial statement. She reported to Chairman Thompson and finally caught up to what Cameron had done. Ruby stopped what could have been the biggest mistake. Still, the company is in the hole for over $50 million."
Ruby was the finance director, a trusted protégé of Asher.
KS Group dominated the commercial market and stood tall as the wealthiest family in Hatchbay because Wyatt and Asher had a keen eye for talent. They put the right people in vital positions in the company. "Ha, Ash. You saved Cameron."
Bella gnashed her teeth. "Otherwise, Cameron would be the next one jumping off a roof."
Asher helplessly sighed. "I was going to sort things out on my own, but word still traveled back to Dad. Just imagine how angry he was upon finding out. Infuriatingly, Cameron snapped back at Dad with no remorse. He even made vile comments, which triggered Dad's stroke."
Bella trembled with resentment.
"Did Uncle Wyatt have the stroke in front of Cameron?" Justin asked grimly.
Asher narrowed his eyes dangerously. "Yes. Quentin was there too. Thank goodness for Quentin. He sprung into action and got Dad to the hospital for immediate medical attention."
Justin fell silent, his expression steely.
Asher dropped quite a bombshell, but Justin was not in a position to give his opinion on the private family affair.
Bella's eyes turned bloodshot. If Justin did not hold her tight, she would have a hard time keeping her head straight.
Rage had swallowed all her words. The only thing on her mind was to be there for her father.
Justin gripped her shoulder and asked, in contemplation, "What is Wyatt going to do about Cameron?"
Bella was curious, too.
"I can tell you that it's frustrating."
With his emotions getting the best of him, Steven hit the gas pedal. "Chairman Thompson covered the $50 million loss with his own money and silenced any leaks about the issue just to sweep the whole thing under the rug. In other words, he wants to put the matter behind them." 
Justin was taken aback, but he quickly reeled in from the shock. "Cameron probably holds a high position in the group, and he is family. The incident could damage the family business." 
Bella was concerned. "That's not the only thing. Wyatt cares a lot about family. Uncle Cameron is his only brother, and they grew up together. He would never impose such a severe punishment on his brother."
Justin answered understandingly, "That's true. Wyatt cares a lot about family. It's remarkable that your family remains remarkably united."
"Uncle Cameron hasn't always been this way."
Asher lamented, "Dad mentioned to me that he was quite a rebel during his younger days. Their father often abused him and locked him in his room, banning food and sleep."
###chapter1564
"Uncle Cameron was quite a people person. He would stand up for Dad in front of Granddad and sneak into Dad's room to get him food and help with homework piled on him. Uncle Cameron was good at copying handwriting, and Granddad had no idea. Somewhere along the lines, Uncle Cameron changed. I guess power and money can lead people astray."
Bella's eyes remained cold. "Even so, Dad always did right by him. He did not stop to consider what he would put Dad through when he stole from the company for his personal gain. All he saw was the glory of becoming a chairman, not the hard work behind it.
"Dad might let the matter go, but I won't. I can't look the other way!"
Justin met Asher's complicated gaze.
They knew Bella, known for her iron-fist management style, could not tolerate Cameron's behavior.
Even with the heating blasting, the tension remained icy.
To relieve the uneasiness, Justin racked his brain to change the subject.
"You look good in that suit, Asher."
Bella glanced at Asher and noticed he was wearing a Roza masterpiece.
Asher curled his lips faintly. "It was a gift from Dr. Larson."
His delighted tone held a hint of bragging.
Justin replied, "Oh, I see."
"Ahem... Don't take things the wrong way. The gift was to thank me for the months of concern." Acting like he had something to hide, Asher felt a burn in his cheeks.
Justin was surprised. "Take things the wrong way? How so?"
Asher sat up straight and turned his face away, his heart racing.
There was no smoke without fire.
It was midnight by the time the group arrived at the hospital.
Mila stayed by Wyatt's side for the
night.
for
to one could go without sleep , so she and theives
turns taking care of 
Hearing Bella and the others, Mila got up to welcome them.
"You're back, Bella."
"Aunt Mila..." Bella lost her cool at the sight of Mila, and her eyes welled up.
She ran and hugged Mila as tears ran down her face.
"Oh, my. What is this now? Is our little queen
consoled Bella while snapping At
a crybaby?" Mila
an angry look. 
Caught between a rock and a hard place, Asher smiled wryly.
"It must
Aunt Mila Deen tough on you, e
How is Dad doing?"
fought back her tears and spot.
swnowa
"He's doing well. He has better sleep tonight than the last two."
"Is it just you here? Where are my brothers? They should be here!"
The door at the end of the corridor flung open.
"Can you just stop, Axel? I swear, this is the last time I'm bunking in the same room as you!"
###chapter1565
Carrying heavy eyebags, Drew hissed through clenched teeth, "Your snoring will kill me."
Axel carried a pillow out and yawned. Still, he snapped back, "Do you think you're an angel in bed? You wouldn't stop grinding your teeth! I feel bad for your future wife." "Axel! Drew!" Bella was moved to tears, feeling bad about the comment she made.
She thought her brothers were the worst.
However, the Thompson children were always there when needed.
"Bella!" Not sleepy anymore, Axel and Drew rushed to Bella.
"Axel has been here since day 1. Drew rushed back from abroad as soon as he could, and Declan is on the way," Asher uttered softly.
Asher approached Bella and patted her shoulder in assurance. "Don't worry, Bella. We are all here."
"Ralph is away on a mission to arrest a wanted criminal. He will be back in two days, at the earliest."
Mila felt bad. "I didn't let him know about Wyatt's stroke in case he...”
"Say no more, Aunt Mila. I understand."
Bella said understandingly, "Ralph needs full concentration during his missions. Any distractions could cost his life. Don't let him know for now. All that matters is that he gets home safely."
Justin quietly stood in a corner, not trying to take the attention away from the family. He watched happily as Bella was surrounded by her loved ones. He was glad just to be the man standing behind her. He got whatever he wanted through her.
Her happiness was his happiness.
"Mr. Asher, Ms. Bella!"
Steven hurried into the ward, looking angry and overwhelmed. "Christopher is here!"
Bella and Justin grimaced. Great minds sure think alike.
"Ha! He sure is playing with fire. I haven't had quality sleep for the past three days. At least, I can take my grievance out on him now." Drew narrowed his eyes and tilted his neek. 
Axel clicked his tongue. "I can't believe he would act like there wasn't any bad blood between us. Is he a psycho?"
Bella said chillingly, "Tell him to leave."
"But he said he has something important to give to you. You'd find it useful," Steven relayed, not wanting Bella to miss out on anything vital.
"Here it is, the same-old
manipulation tactic. Does he think 1 would fall for it or trust him again?" Bella's eyes turned red-rimmed, and her knuckles popped from the strain. 
Justin pressed his lips together with a somber look. "Asher, your other brothers, and I are here with you, Bella. He won't be able to do
anything to you. Why don't you meet him and see what he wants?"
Bella was surprised by Justin's progressive thinking. It would not have been something that came out of Justin's mouth in the past.
Drew raised his brow. "Oh? That's nice of you. Christopher is your No. 1 rival. Aren't you afraid of your competition?"
Justin replied indifferently, "That's not my consideration. I just don't want Bella to miss out on what she needs."
Asher, Axel, and Drew were impressed with Justin.
Bella fell silent with furrowed brows. In the end, she took Justin's advice.
"Christopher can get his ass in here."
###chapter1566
The Thompsons waited sternly.
Bella narrowed her eyes, finding how time had passed as Christopher approached her.
Her childhood friend had become her worst enemy.
She used to call him a "critter" as a joke, but now he was a monster.
Christopher drew close with a somber look.
However, he hid his true emotions and let out a smile when he stood before Bella.
"I'm so happy to see you again, Bella."
Justin locked his vein-bulging arm around Bella's waist, acting as a barrier to Christopher from getting close to her.
It was his idea to let Christopher in, but now Justin was highly disturbed by his presence.
"You make me sick," Bella said aloofly, her words reflecting her hatred toward him.
Paying no mind to her comment, Christopher stared at her with such obsession. "My feelings for you will never change, no matter what you say or do to me, Bella." "Ew!" Axel clung to the wall and threw up.
Drew pulled out a dagger. "I'm so tempted to stab him in the face just to check how shameless he can be."
Bella frowned as a disgusting sensation crawled under her skin.
"You came here the moment you stepped foot in Savrow. Just what are you up to now, Christopher?" Justin clenched his jawline, his grimace appearing rather aggressive.
Without looking at Justin, Christopher unfolded his arms and reached his hand out to Taylor in the back.
Taylor placed a medical-grade steel box in Christopher's palm.
"I heard that Wyatt had a horrible stroke, Bella."
With nothing but sincerity, Christopher presented the box to Bella. "I asked my friend in Meridan to get this medicine for Wyatt. Many local patients who suffered strokes saw improvement in their health
after taking the medicine. I hope this can help Wyatt-" 
Bella slapped the box out of Christopher's hand, her bloodthirsty eyes bulging.
"Get lost! Get out now!"
She pointed at the door. After hitting the breaking point, she could not stop her lips from quivering. "Stay out of my family's business."
"Bella..." Christopher stood there at a loss. "I don't mean any harm to you or Wyatt. I only came to deliver the medicine. Even if you hate me, you should think of Wyatt. His health is the priority."
Justin put his hands on Bella's
shaking shoulders, his piercing eyes fixating on Christopher. "Chairman Thompson is doing well. Don't make things worse than they are to upset Bella Bella is Chairman Thompson's daughter. She
her father, not you" wide best for
belongs
The Thompson brothers and Mila nodded in agreement.
Drew stood against the wall and smiled at Christopher. "For all we know, your medicine could be life-threatening instead of lifesaving. Wyatt might not live to spend another day with his three beautiful wives." Mila was used to Drew's teasing. However, Asher and Axel scowled at Drew, tempted to tell him to stuff it.
Drew often made inappropriate comments regardless of time and place.
Now that they found out Christopher's reason for being there, Justin said in a husky voice, "Take your medicine and get lost, or I would not be so nice just to tell you to leave."
Christopher nudged his gold-rimmed glasses up, hiding the ruthlessness behind his eyes.
"Thank you for making the long
journey, Mr. Iverson. Justin and Bella are in love and considering giving marriage another try, but you still try to come between them anyway. Tsk, tsk Even I'm getting teary-eyed too." 
A mocking voice boomed.
The group turned around as Arnold, wearing a white lab coat, drew near with a smile.
"I appreciate your kind thoughts on their behalf."
Bella and Justin were shocked.
Asher gave Arnold a puzzled look, unsure what the latter was up to.
Arnold approached Christopher and reached out to him with a grin. "Leave the medicine with me, and you can go. It'll be rude of you to stick around when you're not wanted."
###chapter1567
Christopher grimaced, his cheeks burning with shame.
Arnold gave him quite the tongue-lashing.
In the end, Christopher left the medicine behind and took off with his secretary.
"Why did you take the medicine from Christopher, Arnold? We don't need it!"
Bella felt anxious and utterly bewildered by Arnold. "Besides, no one can guarantee that Christopher's medicine isn't poison."
"I can." Arnold turned solemn.
Not one to take things seriously, Arnold rarely showed his stern side. Hence, Bella and Justin were taken aback.
"I can run laboratory tests on the drug. Christopher isn't an idiot. He wouldn't bring poison to visit his soulmate's father unless he lost it." Arnold folded his arms and shook his head, clicking his tongue. Asher looked at Arnold, then lowered his gaze and cleared his throat.
He realized that Arnold had turned to the dark side.
When Arnold first returned to the country, the worst thing he could do was swear. Now, he was a smooth operator.
Though she had tears in her eyes, Bella remained stubborn. "Even if the medicine can help, I don't want anything from Christopher!"
Panicking, Arnold blurted, "We should at least try. What if the medicine works?"
Justin was clear-headed enough to pick up social cues. He asked, "What do you mean, Dr. Larson? I thought Wyatt had survived the critical
window. Is there song?"
As Bella's chest tightened, she grabbed Justin's hand. The emotions simply overwhelmed her.
Arnold was a straight shooter. He had been holding together the secret for the past two days, and he might finally crack in front of Asher. After the little slip-up, he let the entire cat out of the bag.
"Chairman Thompson has survived the critical window for now, but his condition remains far from
optimistic. Strokes at his age are a progressive condition, meaning they are likely to worsen over time. I've spoken with Aunt Mila about Chairman Thompson's medical history and reviewed his file. It reveals a worsening of limb and motor impairments over the past two years. While the Larson family's drug helps manage the symptoms, it doesn't address the underlying cause." 
Mila hung her head low in dejection as despair washed over her.
She was a proud woman, always achieving the best in every little thing she did. However, she could not relieve the love of her life from an illness.
Mila tried everything but was met with little success. She hoped that she could take the pain for him.
"Besides, Chairman Thompson has
been in a coma for three days since the operation. This is the longest time he's been unconscious. If he doesn't wake up in the next two days, we might be looking at a bigger problem." 
Arnold dropped quite a bombshell.
Asher, the oldest and most level-headed, lost color in his face while Axel slumped against the wall in shock.
Despite not seeing home as home or Wyatt as his father, Drew found himself drawn to a dark corner, where he wiped away his tears with his back to everyone.
"How did this happen? I thought he was fine... What changed?" Bella's eyes widened hysterically.
###chapter1568
The bad news was a heavy weight on Bella's shoulders.
"Don't be sad, Bella. Your father will make a full recovery since medical technology is so advanced now."
Justin held her tight in his embrace, pressing her head against his chest. He patiently and firmly consoled her, "If we can't get your father the help he needs here, I'll take you and him abroad across the world to find a doctor. He'll get better. Everything will get better."
"I'm sorry, Bella, kids..."
As a dam of emotions came crashing down, Mila closed her tear-filled eyes. "Don't blame Arnold. I gave him strict instructions not to tell you. I didn't want you to be scared and worried, so I tried to keep the information from you as long as I could. I planned to tell you once I found the right treatment plan. I could've done more. It's all my fault."
Arnold felt a lump in his throat. "Don't do that to yourself, Aunt Mila."
"Aunt Mila, we understand where you are coming from."
Asher pulled himself together and said in a hoarse voice, "It's not Arnold's or your fault. I could've been a better son to Dad."
"Me too. I could've been more of a family." Axel sniffled.
"Ditto." Even Drew blamed himself.
"It's neither of your fault."
Bella
stains.
face was without tear
eyes burned with rage. "It
was Cameron who pushed Dad too
take
far. He should be the one to responsibility and feel remorse." 
"Even so, we all know that Cameron will not own up to his mistake. The best we can expect of him is not to piss Dad off again." Axel helplessly sighed. 
"I have your back if you want revenge, Bella. I'll slice Cameron's tongue off."
The veins were visible along Drew's forehead. "At least he won't be able to get under Dad's skin."
Bella kept her head down, her lashes
stained with tears. She shook her head. "No, stay out of it. I'll handle it when Dad gets better. Cameron can't escape from me." 
At the hospital parking lot, Christopher pulled a long face in the car.
The humiliation from Justin and the Thompson brothers nearly got to him.
His pretense was showing cracks.
Having hidden behind a persona for many years, Christopher thought his art was seamless. However, the moment Justin held Bella as if to claim his territory, Christopher nearly lost it. After much contemplation, Christopher decided to call the mystery man.
###chapter1569
Christopher sat upright the moment the call got through.
"Sir..."
"It must be midnight there, Mr. Iverson. Why aren't you in bed yet?"
The person who answered the call was Clarice.
Christopher was surprised. "Ms. Amaryllis?"
"It's morning here in Meridan. He is a guest at the Reeds' place and doesn't have time to take your call."
Clarice's perky voice bore disdain. "You can just let me know what you want to say, and I'll relay the message."
Christopher frowned and clenched his fists.
Despite serving the man tirelessly for so many years, Christopher still felt a void within him and an invisible barrier between himself and the man. He doubted whether the man even regarded him as a confidant.
Yet Clarice managed to gain the man's trust in a short amount of time. She could even take his personal calls.
The man, wise and strong as he was, lost himself to a woman.
"If there's nothing you want to talk about, I should get back to him, Mr. Iverson." Clarice had no patience for Christopher.
"I have given the medicine to Ms. Thompson, and she has accepted it.”
"Oh, that's great. Congratulations. Ms. Thompson accepted something of yours for once." Clarice mocked.
Christopher seemed hesitant. "There's nothing wrong with the drug, right?"
"Hahaha. Are you doubting him, Mr. Iverson?"
?
Clarice sneered, "Do you think he has nothing better to do? He only stepped in because you asked. Otherwise, Bella would've gotten together with Justin a long time ago and had more children than they could count. You wouldn't stand a chance to win her. 
"Oh, I forgot. Justin had his way with Bella, and she lost her uterus. She can't give birth anymore. Hahaha."
Christopher's clenched fist shook violently. "Show some respect, Ms. Amaryllis. Bella is the love of my life. She has never upset you."
"How do you know she never upset me?" Clarice's voice turned menacing.
"What?"
"Haha. I'm just kidding. The drug will work wonders on Wyatt, even better than the Larsons' developed drug. You have nothing to worry about.
Once he gets better, the let
will be grateful to you. You can't come on strong to Bella.
to take things slow. Shte
it and change her attitude once you help save her father." 
Clarice hung up before Christopher could say anything.
Christopher hid his pale face in the darkness, biting his lip until it bled.
The morning soon arrived.
Upon learning the truth, none of the Thompsons could sleep. They kept by Wyatt's side, their eyes bloodshot from the lack of rest.
Celeste, Sasha, and Amelia came to the hospital with breakfast, but no one had the appetite to eat. They sat there, waiting for the test results.
In Justin's jacket, Bella sat still on the chair for hours on end. She did not slouch in the slightest.
Justin texted lan and Ryan to see if
they had other ways to tackle the issue. He only enlisted help from someone he trusted due to the severity of the matter. 
All Justin could do was keep Bella company and hold her cold hand tightly in his grasp.
###chapter1570
Bella's silence and forbearance gnawed at Justin.
Arnold then approached with the test results in hand.
"I have the results."
The Thompsons rose to their feet. Bella was the first to rush to Arnold and get the test results from him.
"The substance is safe?!" Bella stared at the data in disbelief.
Arnold nodded somberly. "Unexpectedly, the medicine from Christopher is safe. In fact, the drug is Meridan's newly developed drug for stroke patients. The effects are better than Aunt Mila's drugs." Amid the shock, everybody saw a glimmer of hope.
Justin was overjoyed and dejected. The guilt ate him up inside.
He hoped he could be the one to help Bella. Instead, the help from Christopher was a godsend.
"That's great!"
Axel exclaimed excitedly, "So Dad will get better if we can get him a supply of this medicine?"
Arnold frowned without a word.
Asher read his expression and drew close. "Is there a problem, Arnold?"
"It is a miracle drug in Meridan. The exorbitant price is not the issue. Production is scarce and only available to Meridan's elites and royal family. Besides, the drug is aggressive, so I'm sure there are side effects. I can't say what the side effects will be, though.'
The Thompsons were disheartened.
"Side effects? That won't do."
Mila was concerned. "The drug might relieve Wyatt's stroke symptoms, but he might suffer another manifestation."
The other wives had the same idea as Mila.
"Chairman Thompson isn't getting any younger, and he's lucky to still be alive despite the complexities of his health He needs to regain consciousness as soon as possible. The prolonged coma will only do irreversible damage to his central nervous system." 
Working in a profession dealing with multiple deaths, Arnold spoke with authority. "I am Chairman Thompson's attending doctor. At least, I call the shots on his medical issues. use the drug on him later. If he wakes up tomorrow, his. recovery will head in a good direction. Don't think too much
about the side effects. Just focus on saving his life, and we will deal with the rest later. The best scenario we can hope for is that the side effects aren't life-threatening." 
Bella gritted her teeth and made up her mind. "We'll go with your suggestion, Dr. Larson. You can use the drug on Dad. We'll figure the rest out later. Besides, Dad is a fighter. The illness can't defeat him." Even so, Justin could tell how much Bella was hurting.
She was forcing herself to be strong.
Ryan was worried upon learning of Wyatt's critical health.
However, as the date of his appointment Toomed, Ryan became consumed by work and multiple projects. He barely had time for his wife. Hence, he tasked Yasmin to find medical help for Wyatt. Ryan would take an active role once his schedule calmed down. 
That day, Ryan finally made time to visit Wyatt and meet with Justin and Bella.
He walked out of the office, only to receive a pressing call from Yasmin.
"Did something happen to Carrie?" Anxious, Ryan asked about Carrie.
###chapter1571
"Mr. Hoffman, please rest assured. Young Madam Carrie is fine."
Ryan breathed a sigh of relief. "What is it, then?"
Yasmin halted, her voice growing heavy. "I just received the news that Chairman Logan had sent some men to bring Ms. Zoe back to Savrow from Inalia."
"What did you say?!"
Ryan's eyes widened in anger. "How did you let this happen? How could you let her return?!"
Yasmin felt guilty. "Our men watched her closely without leaving her side. Everything was going fine, but for some reason, Ms. Zoe suddenly went into cardiac arrest! We're afraid she might die, so we immediately rushed her to the hospital!"
"That brat is perfectly healthy and doesn't have any heart conditions. Why did she go into cardiac arrest?!"
"I was also surprised."
Yasmin was angry but helpless. "After that happened, I immediately ordered them to keep the news under wraps, but as soon as Ms. Zoe went into the hospital, Chairman Logan found out about it, as if it were all arranged! Chairman Logan interfered, and Ms. Zoe was sent to the emergency room, so our men couldn't stop it even if they wanted to. Later, I heard that it was due to drug abuse." Drug abuse?!
Ryan immediately sensed something off. His eyes turned cold. "Did she meet up with anyone the past two days?"
"Besides going to the spa once, she did not go anywhere or meet anyone."
Yasmin felt her guilt grow deeper as she spoke, feeling as if her throat was stuffed with cotton. "Mr. Hoffman, I'm sorry. This was my oversight. I'm willing to accept any punishment you deem fit." Ryan waved his hand. "It's not about punishment now! Where is Zoe?"
"She has already left Inalia and is on Chairman Logan's private jet now."
"Who's with her?"
"Your mother and Liam."
Upon hearing Liam's name, Ryan's heart sank, his hands tightening into a fist and his knuckles cracking.
"No matter how many precautions I take, I still can't prevent that bastard from colluding with that wretched girl! I'm going to see Grandpa now!"
When Ryan rushed to the Hoffman villa, Logan had been waiting for him in the study.
"Grandfather, Zoe..."
"It was me who asked your mother and uncle to fetch Zoe back from Inalia."
Logan directly interrupted him. "Initially, wanted to personally bring my granddaughter home, but I think you would immediately get the news and rush over to see me. So waited for you here." 
Ryan was filled with indignation and struggled to suppress his burning anger. "Grandfather, did you forget. what you promised me? Zoe committed such an unforgivable mistake, ruined her reputation, and almost brought down our family! How could you let her return? If you don't punish her heavily, that restless girl will continue to cause trouble. How are we going to clean up her mess again? As the family head, how could you go back on your words?!" 
"Zoe is alone, and she has suffered enough abroad. She has admitted her mistakes and apologized to me and her mother!"
"That's all an act! Once she returns to Savrow, she will immediately reveal her true colors!"
"You are my only grandson, but Zoe is my only granddaughter! I couldn't possibly watch my granddaughter be exiled!"
Logan slammed on the table, glaring
at Ryan. "Zoe has been pampered since childhood. When did she ever suffer such humiliation and torment?! Do you know she almost died overseas?! You are her brother, but you don't care about her at all. Instead, you're blaming me for bringing her back. If your father saw this, how heartbroken would he be?!"
###chapter1572
Ryan was so mad that he gritted his teeth to the extent that he felt pain.
His father's death was the greatest sorrow of his life. Seeing his father's name alone made his heart ache. But now, his grandfather was willing to use his father's death to attack his weakness, all to protect Zoe, that wicked girl!
It was an insult to his father's memory!
"Did you know that after your mother heard of Zoe being taken to the emergency room, she fainted on the spot? Luckily, the maids grabbed her in time. Otherwise, if she had fallen and hit her head, you might've even lost your mother!
"Ryan, I know you are close to Justin and Bella, but never forget you're still a Hoffman! Now, you're about to become the Hoffman Group's CEO and my successor. At this point, you should focus on company matters. You don't need to worry about anything else!"
Logan's cold gaze fixed on him. "I heard that you've secretly brought your girlfriend to the Salvador family to propose for marriage, and you've met the Salvador family members." Ryan's heart skipped a beat.
"The reason you still haven't arranged for me to meet Chairman Salvador was that you wanted to wait until the official appointment, so you'd have enough confidence to propose to the Salvador family."
Seeing that Ryan's expression had changed, Logan knew he had succeeded in handling him. Logan sat back on the chair leisurely. "Chairman Salvador is an arrogant man, notoriously difficult to please within Savrow's business circle. If you want him to fully accept you as his son-in-law, you need to show more sincerity. Don't you agree, Ryan?"
Arnold injected the medicine Christopher gave them that very day.
The next morning, under the anxious prayers and hopes of everyone, Wyatt gradually woke up, opening his eyes.
"Dad!"
Bella could not hold back her excitement anymore and rushed forward to hug her father tightly.
"Damn... Brat, you're squeezing the life out of me. Justin must be feeding you like a pig."
brink
Wyatt raised a hand and patted his daughter's back, feeling warm and happy despite his words. "Your father just came back from the b of death... Are you trying to send me there again?" 
"Wyatt, don't say such unlucky words!"
The fear of losing him and the joy of getting him back made Bella hugher father tighter, her reddened eyes shining with crystal light. "Brink of death? You were just sleeping and woke up." 
Wyatt sighed softly, his lips curving up weakly. "Bella, this body is mine... I know what's happening. Dad is
old... I'm really getting old. In the
past, thought I could shoulde
everything, even if the sky fell Now, nothing happened yet, but Khave collapsed." 
Bella's eyes ached with pain, her throat choking up.
"Bella, I've caused trouble for you... Were you all scared?" Wyatt gently stroked her hair, his wet eyes looking around at his children.
"Dad, your body recovered quickly. It's nothing serious." Asher walked to the bedside, forcing a smile.
The others nodded along, trying to act relaxed.
"Stop coaxing me."
Wyatt snorted, "Look at your three mothers. Their eyes are swollen like walnuts... You should've put on a better show instead of having all your feelings written on your face."
Outside the ward, Justin could only stand guard at the door, as he was still an outsider, looking at Drew with nothing to say.
"Drew, why don't you go in?" Justin finally asked.
"Why should I go in?" Drew crossed his arms, raising an eyebrow as he threw the question back.
###chapter1573
"All your family are with Chairman Thompson..."
"So? Do I have to join in the fun? Will I get more assets if I squeeze in?" Drew tilted his head, narrowing his eyes. Justin stared at his cocky expression and smiled faintly.
No matter how stubborn Drew was, his slightly reddened eyes still reveal his concern for Chairman Thompson.
"Drew!"
An anxious voice called out. Declan, still in his military uniform, had finally rushed back from Dawnford overnight.
"Declan!" Drew's eyes lit up, and he hurriedly walked toward him.
"Dad... How is he?" Declan's eyes were bloodshot from exhaustion. He was ruthless and decisive in the military, but at this moment, he seemed timid and cautious. Drew's face had a rare gentleness, and he patted Declan's shoulder badges. "Don't worry. Wyatt has woken up."
"Great, that's great... I'll go in and see Dad."
Declan's tightened heart finally eased, and he was about to walk into the ward when he saw Justin's lean figure standing at the side. His face darkened. "Why is he here?"
Justin's throat dried up, his eyelashes fluttering slightly.
Drew scratched his head and flashed a toothy grin. "Hey, who else would be here if not him? He's following his wife."
"Following his wife?"
Declan's tone was cold and hard. "Did you get bought off by him so easily?"
"Declan, I..."
"No matter how hard he tried to make amends now, it was all futile. The things he did to Bella weren't just harm in my eyes, but unforgivable crimes!"
Declan's eyes were red, but his gaze was so sharp that it seemed to be a blade aimed at Justin's vitals. "TH never forget what kind of pain Bella suffered for him. Bella lost her child because of this useless man!" 
After that, Declan entered the ward and slammed the door behind him.
Justin stood rooted to the spot in a daze, his thin lips slightly parted, feeling a thousand emotions stuck in his throat, and his eyes seemed ready to shed blood. "Bro, are you possessed?"
Drew snapped his fingers in front of Justin. Justin's pupils constricted, and he lowered his head.
"Sorry."
"Sorry, my ass! Look at you now-spineless and pathetic! I really feel like giving you a few good punches!"
Drew disappointedly punched
Justin's chest, not too lightly, but the man did not move an inch. "If I were you, the more he looked down on me, the more I'd cling to Bella, like a ghost haunting her forever. I'll force him to accept me! Are you backing down because someone scolded you? Where's that shameless persistence of yours?" 
Justin's throat bobbed. "I'm sticking around, aren't I? Don't worry. For Bella, I could be more shameless than Christopher."
Drew nodded in satisfaction, looking as if Justin had a bright future.
"I just..."
"It's all in the past." Drew cut him off in a serious tone, shaking his head. "As her brothers, we are only responsible for protecting her, not to judge who she fell in love with or whether she is happy. If she has let it go we have no right to interfere. Declan has always stuck to his rigid logic since childhood. He's stubborn and doesn't listen to anyone. Me, Asher, Axel, and Ralph combined could not sway him. 
"Justin, you must be mentally prepared that he might never forgive you. Not everything can be perfect. As long as Wyatt and Asher are accepting you slowly, consider it a great achievement." Justin looked deep into Drew's vibrant eyes, feeling a surge of warmth in his heart.
###chapter1574
Justin respected all of Bella's other brothers, but only Drew made him feel like they shared the same values, as if they were long-lost friends who met too late. "Oh my! Brother! My dear brother!"
Messy and urgent footsteps came rushing over from the other side of the hallway.
Leading in the front, with a face like he was mourning at a funeral, was none other than Wyatt's brother, Cameron.
Trailing behind him were a group of KS Group's board of directors and shareholders.
Upon seeing them, Drew and Justin frowned.
Wyatt had just woken up, and Cameron immediately rushed to visit him. It meant he must have had spies in the hospital, monitoring the situation.
Cameron's dramatic entrance seemed like he cared much about Wyatt, but in fact, it was to spread the news that Wyatt was severely ill, pressuring him and unsettling the morale. With that, he could take the opportunity to stir up trouble in the company, earning profits from the chaos.
Drew was not a businessman, so he might not think that far ahead.
However, Justin immediately saw through Cameron's dirty schemes, feeling slapped in the face by such an obvious plan.
The crowd hurried to the ward's door.
Drew could recognize no one except for Cameron. However, nobody would fail to recognize the Salvador Corporation's president, Justin!
Upon seeing Justin standing guard at the door with an imposing stance, like a handsome statue of a deity, Cameron felt shocked.
However, he remembered Justin's relationship with Bella, and his calculative face broke into a smile as he extended his hand.
"Haha... Mr. Salvador, it's been a long time. I knew you'd surely appear to support us at such a critical moment for the Thompson family. After all, we are going to be a family!" Cameron wanted to cozy up to Justin in front of all the shareholders and directors, elevating his status.
"Pfft!" Drew rolled his eyes and spat soundly.
Cameron was speechless.
Justin narrowed his eyes, sizing up Cameron with a cold and piercing gaze. "May I ask who you are?"
The crowd was stunned.
Cameron was taken aback, feeling humiliated and awkward.
Those few words were harmless yet extremely insulting!
"Out of courtesy, shouldn't you introduce yourself before shaking my hand?"
ele
Justin slightly tilted his head, his eyes as cold as ice. "Also, you kept mentioning the Thompson family. Bella Thompson is my beloved, and I know everyone in the family by heart. Why have I never seen you before? Drew, do you know him?" 
Drew blinked. "I don't."
Cameron was so angry that his veins almost popped.
However, he knew Wyatt's sons were not to be trifled with. He could only force a smile and said, "Drew, you're still so humorous after so many years. Haha..."
Then, Cameron shamelessly turned
to Justin with a smile. "Mr. Salvador, you must've forgotten since you're such a busy man. We've interacted several times before. However was indeed abrupt in not introducing myself first." 
One of Cameron's eager underlings had already stepped up to help. "This is Chairman Thompson's brother, Mr. Cameron, and the current managing director of KS Group." 
"Oh, so you are the one without any eye for investment."
Justin's thin lips curled up as he looked at Cameron condescendingly. "How's it going? Have you paid back the $50 million you lost?"
###chapter1575
Once Justin spoke, the people from KS Group looked at each other in confusion, then turned their surprised gazes to Cameron.
Cameron was instantly drenched in a cold sweat, staring at Justin's cold face in shock.
Wyatt had graciously covered up the matter of Cameron embezzling corporate funds and even helped to pay it back. Thus, the people in the company did not know anything at all. How did Justin know about it? Did Wyatt tell him?!
If so, Wyatt must have already acknowledged Justin as his son-in-law. Otherwise, why would Wyatt reveal such a confidential matter to him?
If Wyatt and Justin worked together, Cameron would really have no place in KS Group.
"Haha... Mr. Salvador, you're good at joking around. What about $50 million? I don't understand it."
Cameron faked a smile. "Besides, even if I lose some money in investment, it's a minor issue. I'm still Wyatt's brother, after all. Let alone $50 million; even if it's $100 million, I will repay the money without a cent short. Mr. Salvador, you might've heard some rumors. Haha... But it doesn't matter. We'll become a family soon, so I won't take it to heart!"
Justin clenched his fists angrily, eager to punch this shameless man's face in.
He had long heard from Bella that her second uncle was infamous for being thick-skinned, but he did not expect Cameron's shamelessness to be to this extent.
At this moment, the door opened.
Bella alone appeared in the crowd's view, her beautiful eyes radiating a cold glint.
She exuded a natural sense of calmness and authority, intimidating even the cunning foxes in the business world. No one dared to underestimate her.
"I was wondering who was out here squawking like a noisy duck and disturbing my father's rest. Turns out, it's you, Cameron."
Her casual remark silenced the men Cameron brought.
Cameron's expression turned stiff, and he continuously cursed in his heart. 'Fuck! This brat is so spoilted by my brother that she has no manners! She doesn't even address me as her uncle!' 
"My father is fine now. Thank you all for your concern, even making time in your busy schedule to visit him." Bella's lips suddenly curled up, and she smiled warmly.
Her demeanor was captivating, and her smile seemed to carry a bewitching charm that won over the shareholders and directors, who quickly flattered her.
"Ms. Bella, what are you saying? Chairman Thompson is our leader. We are like ants on a hot pan if he's unwell!"
Bella smiled calmly. "Rest assured,
everyone. Even if my father could
not be there to oversee KS Group, our family has no shortage of talented leaders. KS Group
fall into chaos. Some peoplot
can
give up on their thoughts of stirring up trouble." 
Her sharp gaze casually fell on Cameron's face. "However, my father is not young anymore, and his health is the priority now. We thank you for your good intentions but please return for now." S
A few casual words showcased her distinguished grace.
Justin stared deeply at Bella, feeling wholeheartedly enchanted.
Who said women could only stand behind men? Who said women could only be supportive wives?
Bella was not inferior to any man. She was truly a leader.
In the future, he might be the one relying on his wife.
"My dear niece, it's understandable for others, but I'm your uncle! Let me go in to see your father." Cameron's face was full of worry.
If Cameron was turned away in front of everyone, it would be too embarrassing for him.
###chapter1576
Bella glared at Cameron's hypocritical face with hatred. She was just about to speak when Asher's gentle palm landed on her shoulder, and his deep voice rang from above her head. "Uncle Cameron, Dad asked you to go in."
Justin was surprised, and Bella raised her eyebrow suddenly, looking at Asher in shock.
Cameron smirked smugly.
He had just lifted his leg to walk in when he suddenly tripped and stumbled forward.
"Ah!"
Soon after, Cameron fell heavily with a loud thud and sprawled on the floor like a toad.
"Pfft..." Some of the directors that came with Cameron could not hold back their laughter.
Leaning against the wall casually, Drew acted as if he had nothing to do with it, slowly retracting the leg he had stretched across the doorway.
Cameron was no longer young. He felt as if his kneecaps had cracked open after this fall.
He struggled to get up, turning around to glare viciously at Drew's indifferent face.
"You...!"
Drew yawned lazily. "Uncle Cameron, you're not young anymore. Please watch where you're going. My leg's been there for half an hour. Why did you still trip over it?" Cameron panted heavily, his lungs about to explode in anger.
Was Drew implying that he was blind?!
"Also, you need to be more careful next time. It's hard to say if you'll fall into a random ditch somewhere."
Bella wanted to laugh. She secretly gave Drew a thumbs up.
Then, she gently held Justin's hand. "Aren't you coming in?"
"Is it alright for me to go in?" Justin pursed his lips, feeling hesitant.
Bella's soft body pressed against his waist, her mischievous eyes glinting seductively. "We're a family. What's wrong?"
Justin's breath hitched, his jawline tightening in restraint, but the burning warmth of his hand resting on Bella's waist exposed his arousal.
Cameron immediately put his acting skills to use after seeing Wyatt, crying with snot and tears all over his face.
Outsiders might even think that Chairman Thompson has already passed away.
"My dad is sitting right before you. Isn't it a bit exaggerated to be crying like this?" Asher could not stand Cameron's pretentious behavior, taking the lead in complaining. 
"Asher, how could you talk to your uncle like that? Don't be rude." Wyatt scolded his son softly.
Cameron wiped his tears while stealing glances at Wyatt.
Even though his brother tried to look
spirited, he still deduced from
l.ne
Wyatt's haggard face and weak
voice that his condition was not as simple as Bella had claimed.
"Uncle Cameron, if you really care for my dad and genuinely repent, please stop going against my dad in the future and focus on the
line
path. Help my dad manage the company affairs properly and stop thinking about shortcuts." Asher looked at Cameron coldly, his tone serious.
###chapter1577
Cameron gritted his teeth, resentment boiling within him.
Although Asher was the company's CEO, he could only reach such a high position because he was Wyatt's eldest son.
The way Asher spoke to him was nothing like talking to an elder. Instead, it was more like a superior reprimanding their employee!
Wyatt's entire family had always been like this-high and mighty. No one ever took Cameron seriously.
How could Cameron suffer such humiliation?
"Forget it, Asher. Your uncle has realized his mistakes."
Wyatt lowered his head and waved his hand dismissively, obviously wanting to brush this over. "Cameron, I'm fine now. Your visit shows that you still care about me, so I'm glad enough. You can leave first." In front of his family, Wyatt showed enough respect for his brother.
"Brother, this time... It was indeed my fault. I was foolish."
Cameron's gaze darkened. "But ask yourself, how have I treated you since we were kids? For decades, I've endured countless hardships to help you expand KS Group. You were too busy for those harsh projects in remote areas, so it was me who wore a helmet in the wind and rain, paving the path for you step by step."
Bella gritted her teeth, knowing Cameron was probably brewing another evil scheme by playing the victim.
Wyatt nodded as he frowned. "Yes... I know that it hasn't been easy for you all these years."
"I've never asked you for anything. I only ask that you forgive me this time as my brother..."
Cameron turned his resentful gaze towards Justin. "But I didn't expect you to work with your future son-in-law to humiliate me like that! If you have any dissatisfaction toward me, you can take them out on me directly. Why reveal my disgrace to an outsider, using that method to suppress and humiliate me?!" 
Justin's brows furrowed, his throat bobbing.
nét
He knew Cameron was bringing the fight to him, but he was an outsider, and Cameron was Wyatt's brother, Justin retorted, he would have stepped into this old geezer's trap, and the tiny bit of goodwill Wyatt had for him might have been destroyed because of this. 
Wyatt was shocked, staring at Justin with an increasingly complex gaze.
The others did not know what was going on, but Asher could not bear to see Justin being wronged and was about to speak up for him when Bella defended her man first with a firm voice. "Uncle Cameron, when you embezzled corporate funds to cover your investment losses, what were you thinking? Were you thinking about how to prevent people from finding out?" Cameron was at a loss for words, unsure how to respond.
"There are no outsiders here, including Justin. He's not an outsider. He's my partner. So I won't be courteous to you. I'll say whatever's on my mind."
Bella held Justin's arm and stood
with him determinedly, not attempting to hide the sharp mockery in her words. "If you don't want people to know, don't do it in the first place. At the end of the day, you were too greedy. You foolishly tried to imitate others to invest and made a mess you couldn't clean up, so you resorted to underhanded methods. The situation was almost unsalvageable. If it weren't for my dad, you'd have been taken away by the police. You won't even have the chance to stand here and spew hateful nonsense!" 
"Bella, you...!"
Cameron started but was immediately cut off by Bella. "Since you know your actions were wrong and that it wouldn't sound good if word got out, why did you do it? You don't seem to understand the crux of the problem even now."
Justin stared at Bella in admiration, the sharp light flickering within her eyes silently burning into his heart.
Cameron's face was red with humiliation, and Bella gave him the last blow.
"Do you think Justin wanted to listen to your dirty deeds? He knows because I told him. There's no secret between us. Thanks to you, it was the first time I felt ashamed in front of my man."
###chapter1578
Cameron felt as if his sharp-tongued niece had bit into his jugular, and the rage boiling in his chest almost made his veins explode.
Seeing his lover stand up for him, Justin felt a warm glow in his heart.
But he did not forget himself, still looking at Bella with concern, gently squeezing her hand to signal that she should show some restraint in front of Wyatt.
"Bella, that's enough." Indeed, Wyatt's face turned dark.
"Uncle Cameron, you brought so many people in such a grand gesture to visit my dad today. I thought you really turned over a new leaf."
Bella's rosy lips curled up coldly, dripping with sarcasm. "However, I didn't expect you to come here to accuse us. You made a grave mistake, and my dad helped you, yet you have a problem with that? Since whatever we do is wrong, you might as well repay the $50 million you owe on your own. You shouldn't be short of a single cent, right?"
Bella's words brought immense satisfaction to the other Thompsons.
This old geezer bragged in front of the door just now, and Bella returned it all, word for word.
Cameron's lips twitched uncontrollably, as if a nerve had snapped. He was burning in rage.
"Bella! You..."
Wyatt suddenly felt a surge of anger. His head throbbed in pain, and his hand, hidden beneath the sheets, trembled uncontrollably.
"Bella, stop talking. Uncle Wyatt doesn't look right!" Seeing the blood drain from Wyatt's face, Justin quickly whispered a reminder in her ears. Sensing this, Cameron rolled his eyes, and he began to bawl shamelessly without any regard for his image.
"Brother... I feel so bitter! I have no dignity left as an elder... I might as well be dead!"
Celeste and Sasha hurriedly walked to the bed to comfort Wyatt. They feared that he would have another episode in front of Cameron.
"Enough... Cameron. I said I wouldn't pursue this further." Wyatt's breath was uneven, and his voice lost its usual strength.
Bella's delicate brows furrowed. "Dad... You!"
"Now, I have no dignity in front of these children or in the company. People were talking behind my back..."
"Don't worry. I promised that I wouldn't demote you, and I will keep my word." Wyatt's sweat had drenched his hospital gown, and he used all his strength to keep up his appearance. Cameron was grateful on the surface, but he sneered secretly.
Sentimentality was Wyatt's strength, but it was also an unlimited credit card for Cameron. Cameron could use Wyatt's sentimentality to gain profits for himself again and again. He was Wyatt's only brother, but that was merely a part of it.
Back then, if not for him saving Ms. Brown, who was gravely injured and hanging by a thread at the seaside how could his brother have found the love of his life? How could it lead to a beautiful marriage and wholesome family? 
This was the true leverage he held over Wyatt!
Although Wyatt forgave him, he could not let the matter go without addressing it in front of his children. He said calmly, "But this is the last time. KS Group is not mine alone, and as its heads, we only have the right to allocate money. We must never utilize corporate funds for our ovyn benefit. If this happens again, I will not help you, and I will handle it according to the rules without any leniency. Do you hear me, Cameron?" 
Bella could not understand it, no matter how hard she thought.
Wyatt had stood looming over the business world for decades, having an iron grip and unyielding authority. Standing on the top, he never had to bow to anyone and naturally would not tolerate a black sheep tarnishing his reputation. 
But why was he so tolerant of Cameron?
###chapter1579
Why did Wyatt keep tolerating and forgiving his brother, who kept messing things up and who was unable to accomplish anything?
Wyatt was practically becoming a saint!
"Brother, I was led astray for a moment. In the future, I will definitely lead by example and never repeat my mistakes! Please focus on recuperating. I won't disturb you anymore."
After Wyatt reassured him, Cameron prepared to leave in satisfaction.
"Wyatt, I'll see Cameron out." Mila stood up and spoke in a gentle voice.
Cameron walked out of the ward first, smirking smugly.
Before he got far, Mila's voice came from behind him. "Stop right there."
Cameron turned around, and before he could adjust his expression, he saw Mila walking swiftly toward him with an icy expression.
Slap!
Before he could react, Mila raised her hand and gave him a fierce slap.
"You... What did you slap me for?!" Cameron's eyes widened, his ears buzzed, and his cheeks were marked with an embarrassing handprint.
"You know why."
Mila's elegant face was now filled with strong hostility, totally incomparable to the gentle and beautiful lady in the ward just now. "I've waited too long to give you this slap. When Wyatt was rushed into the hospital because of you, I should've stormed over to slap your filthy mouth until it bled!"
At this moment, no one was around, so Cameron shed his hypocritical mask, revealing a malicious and mocking sneer at Mila.
"Ha... Do you really think you are the Chairman's wife just because he took you in? Shamelessly clinging to my brother... You're just like the other two, merely playthings my brother kept by his side for amusement. The only reason you get to play the part of Mrs. Thompson outside now is because my sister-in-law died early, giving you the chance to strut around. Otherwise, who do you think you are? You're no more than a mistress!"
Mila's eyes grew red from anger.
It was not because Cameron insulted her, but because of his contemptuous mention of Yara without any respect.
"You're an animal!"
Mila raised her hand indignantly, but
this time, Cameron caught her
, pushing her back. Sheist
t stumbled to the ground. 
"Hmph! A woman who does not know her
I
respe place. I tolerate you
for my brother, yet
think you're somet
Cameron spat at her fiercely, then walked away without turning back while rubbing his face.
Mila clutched her reddened wrists, standing at the spot, only feeling a surge of disgust spread through her body.
"Aunt Mila!"
Worried about her, Bella and Justin came after her and coincidentally witnessed the entire scene.
"Aunt Mila, how could he treat you like that?!" Justin's eyes widened with rage, radiating a chilling aura around him.
Mila smiled bitterly, shaking her head.
Justin cracked his knuckles, the taut muscles full of strength beneath his suit. "I'll go teach him a lesson!" "Child, don't be reckless!"
Mila hurriedly grabbed Justin's arm, shaking her head. "This has nothing to do with you. Besides, you're the president of Salvador Corporation e
It's not worth it to hurt your reputation over someone despicable like that." 
This time, she did not address him distantly as Mr. Salvador, instead calling him a child.
###chapter1580
Justin felt his blood surge, but he was even more distressed. "Aunt Mila, you are Bella's family, which makes you my family. I can disregard my reputation, but I can't let someone disrespect you!" His heartfelt words made Bella instantly tear up, and she hugged him tightly with her slender arms, her heart feeling so soft that it seemed to lose the strength to continue beating.
Mila's throat dried up. She did her best to force a smile. "Thank you."
"Aunt Mila, rest assured. I won't let you be disrespected like that."
Bella's beautiful eyes flickered with embers of fire. "If I don't make him pay for this, I'll take his last name!"
Justin was amused. Was Bella so mad that she was not thinking straight? Taking Cameron's last name meant she would still be a Thompson.
Mila advised softly, "Bella, your father is still sick, and I think his condition is not stable. He almost had another episode just now. For the time being, you'd better not act rashly, in case you agitated him. We'll wait until he's fully recovered before talking about this."
"Aunt Mila, I really don't understand what Wyatt is thinking!"
Bella said angrily, "He's enabling Cameron's misdeeds. He was never a man who couldn't see things clearly. Just because that's his brother, Wyatt could watch him eat away at the company's profits bit by bit like a parasite?! He's turning a blind eye to right and wrong and aiding that despicable bastard!"
"Wyatt is not a foolish man. He only tolerated him again and again because of your mother!"
Mila could not bear to see Bella's misunderstanding of her father, who loved her so much, so she accidentally blurted it out in haste.
"Mom... What about Mom? What does she have to do with Cameron?" Bella immediately grabbed her arm, determined to get to the bottom of it!
Mila pursed her lips tightly.
When Yara passed away, Bella was still too young to understand things. Wyatt intentionally avoided and hid everything about Yara, so Bella knew very little about her mother.
To Bella, her mother was a beautiful mystery.
Now that she had finally found a breakthrough to deepen her knowledge about her mother, Bella was not about to let it go easily.
"Aunt Mila, tell me!"
Bella's face turned bright red from anxiety, "Why... Why is it that, as my mother's daughter, I don't even have
the right to know about
Don't
you think it's cruel to me?!" 
"Cameron saved your mother's life."
The young couple were stunned. "What...?!"
"You don't need to be so surprised. It is what it is. It was destined to happen."
Mila slowly walked to a chair with heavy steps and sat down. Her eyes were dark as she recalled the distant memory in her mind.
"I don't know everything either. It's just that I joined the Thompson family earlier than Celeste and Sasha, and was by your father's side longer, so I knew more about it. Based on what I know, your mother was a foreigner, but I don't know where she came from specifically. Wyatt treated your mother like a treasure, protecting her well, and her background could be considered the biggest secret in the Thompson family." 
"Mom was a foreigner?" Bella was in a daze, her thoughts messy.
Justin was also surprised.
However, Bella's four brothers and herself did not look mixed, which indicated that Yara was the same race.
"Cameron always liked deep-sea fishing. Thirty years ago, he saved your mother on a fishing trip on the northern coast."
Mila sighed. "I don't know the
specifics. I only heard that your mother was found on the beach, covered in wounds, barely clothed, and nearly dead, like a mermaid
washed ashore. Regardlesst
of
whether Cameron was acting out of an impulse or out of lust, he brought your mother back to Hatchbay at that time. Because of his rescue, your mother met with Wyatt, and they fell in love, eventually giving birth to your brothers and you."
###chapter1581
Bella listened attentively to Mila's recounting, her eyes gradually reddening.
Covered in wounds... Almost dead...
What sort of tragic experience did her mother go through in the past to have almost died in a foreign land?
Justin held Bella's trembling hands tightly and asked in confusion, "Mrs. Thompson wandered alone in Hatchbay for so many years, giving Chairman Thompson a family. Did she never once contact her family or go back to her country?"
Mila lowered her eyes and shook her head, "No, never. Wyatt even changed her nationality and gave her a new identity, helping her to have a clean break from her past."
Upon hearing it, the couple was more confused.
What type of experience would make Yara choose to hide her name and bid farewell to her home country?
Mila's few words only intensified Bella's curiosity about her mother's background.
"Bella, I don't know any further details, even if you ask me about it. Besides, your father reminded us more than once over the years not to tell you anything about your mother."
Mila grabbed Bella's hand with pleading eyes. "Although I don't know why, you must believe your father. He really loves you and your mother. Everything he did was for your good. So... Bella, just pretend you've never heard whatever I said today. Don't go asking your father, alright?"
Bella's strong love for her mother surged within her chest, but she did not want to make things difficult for Mila, so she could only nod with tears brimming in her eyes.
After the chaos caused by Cameron, Wyatt's barely recovered body became frail and weak again.
Arnold arrived in time to perform a series of examinations on Wyatt, then injected medicine before his condition gradually stabilized.
The moment he returned to his office and closed the door, Arnold felt as if a hundred-pound rock had crashed down on him, and he collapsed into the chair, exhausted. As the head physician, he felt immense pressure.
Wyatt was his crush's father.
It was his first performance in front of his future father-in-law. Who could have understood the overwhelming pressure he felt?
Thinking of this, Arnold lifelessly slumped over the desk, pouting like a neglected woman.
Wyatt's life was in grave danger during this episode. Arnold gave his all to save him, fighting with the Grim Reaper to bring Wyatt back.
Arnold had not slept for three days,
and his legs were cramping from all the standing. He felt tired and hungry. But Asher spent all his time around his father without a O comforting word for Arnold.
In the field of romance, Arnold had always been a winner, never lacking in handsome flings to spend the night with.
But this time, he had taken a hard fall because of Asher, finally experiencing what it was like to have his feelings played by a man. "Asher... I hate you!"
Arnold was so mad that he nearly
shattered the glass desk. His narrow, fox-like eyes were brimming with tears. "This is the last time... swear this is the last time I wil help you! Next time, even if you kneel to beg me, I won't..." 
Knock, knock-
Someone knocked on the door at this moment.
Arnold hurriedly grabbed two tissues to wipe his tears and snot before walking over to open the door.
As soon as the door opened, Asher's handsome face appeared in Arnold's teary vision. His thin lips held a smile, and his obsidian eyes shone with starlight. 
"Arnold."
Arnold's heart thumped wildly, his fingers on the doorframe tightening.
Arnold felt pathetic, losing his composure immediately after seeing this man.
###chapter1582
All of Arnold's resentment had flown right out the window the moment he saw Asher.
Asher said, "You must've been worn out over the past few days. You haven't eaten yet, right?"
He lifted the plastic bag in his hand, waving it in front of Arnold. "I remember you saying you don't eat carbs, but if you're feeling pressured or exhausted, you would reward yourself with some fried chicken. I bought fried chicken for you. I'm not sure which flavor you like, so I bought a few."
Arnold's throat bobbed, salivating with anticipation.
In the end, he still let the man in.
However, Arnold maintained a little of his pride and gave Asher a cold face, sitting on the chair indifferently as he tried hard not to look at the handsome man.
"As a doctor, saving lives is my duty. Even if it's not Chairman Thompson, I'll still do my best. You don't need to be so polite."
"Are you mad?" Ignoring his indifference, Asher asked softly instead.
Arnold's eyelashes fluttered. "Who... Who's mad?"
"If you're not mad, why are you crying?"
Arnold's heart was in knots, his face flushed, and he subconsciously glanced at the mirror on the wall.
In the reflection, his lips were tightly pursed, and his eyes and nose were red, looking like Rudolph.
Asher curled his lips, chuckling softly. He took out the fried chicken from the plastic bag and opened the boxes, placing them in front of Arnold. He had even prepared plastic gloves, being considerate in every detail.
"You've worked hard." His voice was hoarse, carrying a hint of restraint.
Arnold's heart skipped a beat, and he met Asher's deep gaze in shock.
Asher pulled out a tissue to wipe Arnold's hands carefully, then sat down slowly in front of him. "It's just that my family is here, and my father is sick. I am the eldest son. I have to take care of my father, comfort my family, and still make time to go to the company to maintain our morale. Arnold, I'm sorry."
Arnold's chest heaved, and his nose tingled again. He quickly grabbed a fried chicken and took a bite. "Why are you apologizing? It's weird..."
Asher's smile grew deeper as he stared at him. "Eat more. You've lost weight."
"Mm, it tastes fine, but remember to bring ketchup next time. My favorite is still the original flavor dipped in ketchup."
Arnold gnawed on a drumstick while
sizing him up, his lips curling in a
satisfied
angle. "Oh, you're weet
I guess you really like it."
"Yes." Asher nodded seriously.
it
Arnold suddenly leaned toward him, his pretty face magnifying in Asher's eyes. "Then do you like the suit more or me?"
Asher's long eyelashes lifted slightly. His dark eyes glinted with charm, drawing Arnold in without his realization. "Is there any difference?"
Arnold knew this man was tricky,
and he could not get the answer be
wanted to hear even if he kept
asking, so he could only grab a drumstick and bite fiercely to vent his frustrations. 
"Arnold, I genuinely thank you this time."
Asher expressed his heartfelt gratitude. "It's not just me who owes you one. The entire Thompson family owes you a big favor."
"So you don't plan to dismiss me with just fried chicken, right?" Arnold looked dissatisfied, but his mouth continued munching on the chicken. "Of course not. Just tell me what else you want."
As soon as Asher's voice fell, Arnold suddenly tipped his chin, pressing his warm lips tightly against Asher's cool ones.
The exhaustion from the past few days immediately disappeared. His aggressive kiss carried a hint of resentment, obviously not wanting to let the stubborn man off easily. 
Though Asher remained passive, he closed his misty eyes, letting the little fox ravage his lips.
A teasing, passionate, and entangled kiss ensued.
###chapter1583
"Mr. Thompson, with your might and intelligence... You should know what I want with a kiss, right?" Arnold wrapped his arms around Asher's neck, his face flushed as he panted heavily. Asher lowered his gaze, pursing his lips, oily from the kiss, and his hands on his knees slowly clenched. "Next time, remember to wipe your mouth first."
Arnold licked the corner of his lips in satisfaction, smiling mischievously but captivatingly.
"No way."
After learning about her mother's past from Mila, Bella was down and gloomy the whole day, even losing her appetite.
The next evening, Bella still did not feel like eating. After feeding Wyatt some soup, she stood by the window at the end of the hallway and stared at the distance in a daze. Suddenly, a familiar embrace surrounded her from behind. The man's reassuring scent enveloped her.
Justin pulled her delicate body into his arms and held her tightly, his sharp jaw resting on her shoulder and his lips close to her ear. "Aren't you going to eat something? I asked lan to get some takeout. They're all your favorites."
"I'm not hungry..." Bella lowered her eyes dejectedly.
"Not hungry? I still remember when you made a big bowl of pasta and finished it all, and that was at midnight." Justin recalled her impressive appetite, still in awe. Bella's head hung low sadly, her voice choking up. "Justin, I miss my mother..."
Justin's calloused thumb gently caressed her face, his heart aching. "Bella, don't be sad. Mrs. Thompson must also be thinking about you all the time in heaven." Bella tried to hold it in, but her tears still streamed down her face.
Justin hugged her, coaxing and kissing her.
After finally calming her down, Justin had an idea and grabbed her hand.
"Let's go, Bella. I'll take you somewhere."
An hour later, Justin drove Bella to the northern coastline.
Hand in hand, they stood on the beach, watching as the sun went down. The glistening sea made them feel as if they were in a golden paradise and at peace. "This is where Mrs. Thompson was rescued thirty years ago."
Justin turned sideways and looked at Bella's beautiful face, his voice full of affection. "Bella, I know that you want to know everything about your mother. From now on, I'll search for your mother's past with you, We'll visit every place she went before, affight?" 
Bella was moved to tears, leaning against Justin's shoulder and feeling the sadness gradually fade, replaced by the warmth of happiness.
"Justin, do you think my mother was the daughter of Poseidon?" She suddenly asked.
Justin thought for a while. "She could also be the daughter of the sea."
"Isn't that the same thing..."
"Yeah," Justin smiled awkwardly, feeling that his intelligence had taken a dive since he fell in love.
Thinking about Mila's words, Bella
felt distressed. "Did Mom swim over from the sea? How long did she swim? The sea water is so cold... She must've suffered and endured a lot to survive. Was she fleeing from somewhere? Justin, what should I do? I want to know everything about my mother's past, so much so that I could hardly sleep thinking about it." 
"I'll look for it with you slowly. Mrs. Thompson lived in Hatchbay for so long. Even if Uncle Wyatt tried keep it a secret, he could not erase all traces." 
Justin gazed at the sea, his brows furrowing, blurting out, "Bella, could your mother be from Sentania?"
###chapter1584
Bella's eyes suddenly lit up, more dazzling than the sparkling golden sea. She immediately tightened her arms around the man's firm waist. "Why do you say so?"
Justin placed a hand on the small of her back, their shadows merging into one on the sand. "It was a random guess."
"Tsk..." Bella's lips drooped, visibly disappointed.
Justin was most afraid of seeing her like this and quickly tried to come up with something. "The country closest to the northern sea is Sentania. There's no other country besides it. So I thought... Perhaps your mother encountered something in Sentania, so she had no choice but to flee here by sea? After all, Hatchbay has the second largest port in the country."
Bella asked anxiously, "Why must it be Sentania? Terranova is also close to the northern sea."
"Terranova is still a little far off. Aunt Mila said that your mother was covered in wounds when Cameron found her. There was no boat around, so she might have been swimming for a long time. Besides, most people in Terranova have different features compared to us, so I thought... Maybe your mother might really be from Sentania."
The more Justin explained, the more he thought it made sense.
Bella thought the same. She happily stood on tiptoe and kissed the man's lips with a loud smooch, the sound instantly making her blush shyly.
But the desire beneath Justin's eyes was lit up by Bella, and he ferociously captured her lips, dominantly parting her teeth, licking and biting her softly. His tongue insatiably explored her sweet mouth. Bella listened to the crashing waves, much like her thumping heart at this moment.
She enjoyed the long and intense kiss, her thoughts floating like the glistening foam on the sea's surface.
Justin's eyes turned red with lust, sucking fiercely at her fair neck, creating marks that belonged to him.
"Hmm... Pervert... You aren't thinking of doing it here, are you?!" Bella pushed him weakly, but her body grew soft.
"Do you want to?"
Justin's breath became heavier, and he teased, "Aren't you afraid someone might come over?"
"Of course I'm afraid!"
Bella punched his solid chest
muscles. "If someone walked in on us... We'd be on social headlines immediately! It'll be humiliating. We'll be punished and asked to do community service or something. Am going to pick up
el.
while
you clean the public toilets?!"
"I can also clean the toilet while picking up trash." Justin caught her hands and pressed them against his chest.
Bella rolled her eyes in exasperation. This man's logic was out of the world! Was this about what kind of community service they would do?!
"Don't worry, Bella. Although my
body is always filled with animalistic desire whenever I touch you, I'm not
a beast without regard for the
timing, location, and your feelings." 
Justin's eyes were dark. He took off his coat and wrapped it around Bella. The muscles on his arm flexed so much it nearly tore his shirt.
"Besides, I wouldn't want to do it here. You'd catch a cold. How could I bear to see you sick?"
Bella pressed her forehead against
his chest, burying herself in his

arms. Her voice was muffled and soft. "Justin, I think your analysis makes sense. Perhaps I'll contact Camilla when we get back. She lives in Sentania with Edward and is familiar with things there. I ask them to help me investigate my mother's background."
###chapter1585
"Sounds good, but keep it a secret from Uncle Wyatt. He's still sick." Justin's eyes revealed concern, genuinely caring for Wyatt as his own family.
Bella nodded, lowering her eyes. "I won't ask Wyatt. Since he doesn't want to say anything, I won't force him. I will search and find out about my mother's past myself. I just don't understand what kind of background Mom has to make Wyatt so wary. It's one thing if he didn't tell me when I was a child, but I'm grown now. I am her only daughter, and I have the right to know everything about Mom. So what if Mom might come from a disgraceful background? So what if she was a wanted international criminal? In my heart... She's forever my beloved mother."
Justin listened quietly, his heart throbbing in slight pain as he empathized with Bella.
When he was still a child, he lived in the dirty and ruined slums with his mother. His ears were always filled with insults and curses directed at his mother, ever since he could remember things. They called her a stripper, a prostitute, saying that the young Justin was an illegitimate bastard, and she carried a filthy disease contracted from some random man.
He did not believe that his mother was the kind of woman they described.
Even if she was, it could not erase the love he had for his mother.
After Zoe returned to Savrow, Claire and Liam immediately sent her to the best hospital and arranged for her to be in the VIP ward.
“Mom... Uncle, thank you for bringing me back." Zoe leaned against her mother's arm weakly, her face as pale as paper.
"My dear daughter... you've suffered so much..."
Claire could not stop her tears. "It's my fault... I will never leave you alone outside anymore. From now on, even if Ryan holds a blade to my neck, I will never let you leave me! Nobody could take my precious daughter away from me!"
"Sob... Mom! I miss you so much..." Zoe sobbed uncontrollably.
"Zoe, I've told your grandfather about what happened immediately. He was almost in tears."
Liam looked at her with an ambiguous gaze. "He would never let you leave Savrow. Focus on recuperating and rest assured."
Zoe met his gaze, her lips curling up into a sinister and smug smile.
Suddenly, the ward's door was flung open, and a cold wind gushed into the room.
Ryan's tall and lean figure was wearing a meticulously tailored black suit. His black coat covering his shoulders slid off with a shrug, but his subordinate quickly caught it behind him. 
The man's natural-born royal demeanor made Liam green with envy.
This brat's playboy look in the past had completely vanished. Now, brat was growing to resemble deceased brother with a commanding presence. 
Liam gritted his teeth secretly. Ryan's rapid growth had surpassed his expectations.
Now that he had helped Zoe return to Savrow, it was time for them to work together and go against Ryan. "Ryan..." Zoe timidly clung to her mother.
Ryan's beautiful but menacing eyes fixed on Zoe's fearful face, sending a chill down her spine.
His aggressive and overbearing manner was comparable to the Grim Reaper coming to claim her soul.
"Ryan... Your sister is still sick. What
areo do?!" Claire hugged
her
daughter tightly as she looked at her son warily. 
###chapter1586
Ryan's face showed no emotion. Just as he stepped forward, Liam quickly blocked his way with a forced smile. "Ryan, let's talk this over calmly. After all, Zoe is your younger sister. There's no need to get so worked up. I've watched both of you grow up. I remember how much you used to dote on her when you were kids..."
"This is our family matter. What right do you have to speak here as an outsider?" Ryan's eyes instantly filled with frost, completely dismissing Liam.
Liam's smile froze on his face.
"Ryan! This is your uncle you're talking to! How can you speak to an elder like that?" Claire was both furious and embarrassed, her face flushed with anger.
Ryan ignored her, staring coldly at Zoe. "I have something to say to Zoe. Could you both please give us some space?"
Zoe trembled like a leaf in her mother's arm.
Claire would not dare leave them alone together, so she sternly refused. "There are no outsiders here. Your uncle is not an outsider either. If you have something to say, say it. Or else, just don't say anything at all!"
"Fine. I tried to be considerate. But you're the one neglecting their pride. That has nothing to do with me."
With dangerous strides, Ryan approached Zoe, his voice as cold as thunder striking above her head. "Zoe, you're indeed clever, coming up with the idea to conspire with your dearest uncle, pretending to be sick and pitiful just to get back here. Well, your uncle is also willing to make sacrifices, even getting you poison that can cause cardiac arrest. Heh, how ruthless. But then again, you aren't his biological child. If his scheme succeeded, you'd owe him a favor. But if something goes wrong and you end up in the morgue, that would have been your fate. It would have nothing to do with him. How clever!"
With just a few words, Ryan exposed their scheme. Zoe's and Liam's expressions changed instantly.
Claire looked at Liam in disbelief, then turned to Ryan. "Ryan, w-what did you just say?!"
Ryan's lips curled into a cold, wicked
smile. "Mom you love her the most. When she was little, you couldn't
elfoet
even sleep when she was in pain or if she needed an injection or medicine. But our uncle here gave your daughter poison. Zoe is young and reckless. But what about him? Doesn't he know better at his age?" 
Panicking, Zoe turned even paler, her eyes darting around, not daring to speak.
On the brink of a breakdown, Claire stared at Liam with red eyes, trembling as she questioned, "Liam... Is what Ryan said true?!"
"Claire, that's absolutely not true!"
More resilient under pressure than Zoe, Liam immediately argued back. "I've always treated Zoe like my own daughter How could I possibly harm her?! Besides, Ryan, you had Zoe guarded like a prisoner in Inalia. Who could even get close to her? Even if I had the intention, I don't have the reach to pull something like that off!" 
Ryan mocked him slowly. "Uncle, aren't you being modest? If you can't do it, no one else in the entire
Hoffman family can. I know about all the heinous things you've done over the years. Why are you always hanging around our house like a weasel with nothing to do? If you
el.
Want to retire early, there you
no need
to go to such lengths. I can inform Grandpa about it on your behalf. Whether you're in the Hoffman Group or not makes no difference at
all." 
Claire looked at Liam in shock, her gaze growing increasingly complicated. Yet, she pressed her lips together, saying nothing.
Infuriated, Liam let out a stifled cough, his stiff face flushing red and then turning pale.
He knew all too well how much his sister-in-law doted on her children. They were her life.
Ryan's words were undoubtedly eroding Claire's trust in Liam.
If Claire truly became wary of Liam, it would complicate his actions in the future.
###chapter1587
Zoe clutched the bedsheet tightly, her forehead now covered in cold sweat.
Back then, she had always thought her older brother was brave but not particularly clever. No matter what she did, she could always cover up her mistakes with a little whining and acting. But she finally realized how mistaken she was.
Ryan was far more perceptive than she had ever imagined, instantly seeing through her and Liam's scheme! She had only fooled Ryan in the past because he trusted her unconditionally as his sister, never doubting her intentions.
However, they were no longer siblings but enemies.
Ryan had become a formidable enemy, strong enough to battle wits with their cunning uncle.
Liam stood there, glaring angrily at Ryan. However, Ryan had no patience for him. He simply shouldered past him. His strong frame knocked Liam off balance as he approached Zoe.
"Zoe, you'd better stay quiet and behave yourself."
Ryan's narrow eyes gleamed with a predator's intensity that made Zoe's scalp tingle. "If you dare to bother Bella and Justin, or my wife, Carrie, not even Grandpa or God will be able to protect you. I WILL KILL YOU."
Each word dripped with hatred.
Zoe's pupils contracted as she stared into Ryan's fierce, icy eyes. She felt a swirl of shock, anger, and despair.
The last time her brother had called her "Zoe", he had looked at her with nothing but affection, smiling warmly as he held her hand, proudly showing off his talented sister to the world.
That felt like a lifetime ago.
Ryan was her brother, hers alone. How did it come to this? Why did all the care and love that belonged to her become Carrie's?!
Initially, Zoe felt her heart aching. However, when she thought about how Ryan repeatedly hurt her for the sake of that fool, even valuing Bella, who had been divorced and could not have children, over her, her heart was filled with nothing but seething hatred.
She thought, 'Ryan, don't blame me for this. You brought this upon yourself. This is your fault!'
As Ryan threatened Zoe, Claire watched in distress. Hatred has torn apart her once harmonious and happy family, leaving her in torment. She did not know how to mediate or manage the situation.
As they were about to leave, Ryan suddenly spoke, his eyes shining with anticipation for his married life. "Mom, Carrie and I will get engaged once my appointment as the CEO is
finalized. According to l
customs, as the future
mother-in-law, you should give Carrie a betrothal gift you received from your father when you got married." 
Claire bit her lip, her eyes full of reluctance.
"I thought you might be unwilling or hesitant. It's fine. I understand. I just wanted to inform you."
Ryan smiled nonchalantly. He
glanced at his subordinate, who promptly stepped forward and respectfully draped the black coat over his shoulders. "If you really don't want to give her the betrothal gift, I'll prepare one for you. Father left several pieces of collectible jewelry with me before he passed away. I'll pick the best one and give it to Carrie, saying it's from you. I'm doing this for the sake of the
Hoffman family's reputation. You wouldn't mind, would you?"
With a few casual words, Ryan left Claire feeling like she had a bone stuck in her throat.
After Ryan left the ward, the air remained tense for a long time.
"Mom... Look how scary Ryan has become..."
Zoe began to cry in a manipulative and pitiful manner. "Does he only care about that woman... Has he really abandoned us and this family?"
Feeling helpless, Claire sighed. "Just let it go, Zoe... You know your brother's temper. What good does it do to challenge him?"
"Mom, what do you mean by that?!"
Zoe shook her mother's arm forcefully. "Have you also accepted Carrie?! Are you just going to let Ryan marry a girl you disapprove of? Can you really accept it?!"
"Even if I can't, what difference does it make? Your brother is just like your father. Once he sets his mind on someone or something, no one can change it."
Claire started sobbing, squeezing
her daughter's hand. "Zoe, I've come to terms with it. As long as you stay by my side and take care of yourself, that's all that matters to me. Just let
your brother do what he wants to
do 
Seeing her mother so weak and incapable, giving up without a fight, Zoe felt anger surge within her.
After a while, Mrs. Hoffman got up to get Zoe's medical report from the doctor.
As the door closed, only Liam and Zoe remained in the ward.
Zoe's expression shifted from innocent and weak to dark and sinister in a split second.
Liam's demeanor also changed. He slouched casually on the sofa, looking at her with a mocking smile. "Zoe, I've helped you get back here. Don't you think it's time to help your dear uncle get what he wants now?"
###chapter1588
Zoe smirked, and her eyes gleamed cunningly. "Of course, my dear Uncle!"
"Look, the board meeting is just around the corner, and your grandfather will officially appoint your brother as the Hoffman Group's CEO. Immediately after that, he will get engaged to that girl from the Salvador family. Pfft, your brother is about to have it all. He's going to have success in both his career and love life. It seems like our plan might be falling apart," Liam said, lighting a cigarette and taking lazy drags. "Who says the plan is falling apart? The show has just begun." Zoe scoffed.
"Well, my dear niece. What brilliant scheme do you have in mind?"
"I suddenly thought about this. What if we've been approaching this matter incorrectly since the beginning?"
Zoe leaned back against the headboard, then spoke sinisterly. "Ryan is tough to crack, so why don't we target Carrie instead? That stupid girl has always been a pushover. She has been like that since middle school. It would be easy to manipulate her. If I explain the current situation to her and make her understand the stakes, she'll definitely waver if she truly loves Ryan."
Liam grinned. "Explain the situation to her? My dear niece, you've made threats sound so nice."
"Oh, Uncle, as long as you get what I mean. The problem is..."
Zoe looked unsettled, "Ryan is protecting that little bitch a little too well. I don't have her contact information. Besides, I can't get close to her. Even if I have a plan, I can't execute it."
Liam's eyes lit up with a cunning idea. "That's easy. From now on, I'll have someone keep an eye on them. As soon as Carrie is out, they'll notify you. Ryan is extremely busy right now, and I don't think he'll be able to pay attention to her all the time. He's bound to slip up."
"Then, we have a deal, Uncle." Zoe's lips curled into a creepy smile.
As night fell, Ryan finished his work and eagerly returned to the love nest he shared with his sweet fiancee.
He had been utterly exhausted, but just the thought of Carrie waiting for him at home, with her adorable face, clear doe eyes, slender waist, and soft, enticing body, revitalized him.
He was full of energy once again.
Carrie was truly his source of strength.
"Babe!"
As soon as he walked in, Ryan immediately pulled Carrie into a tight embrace, ignoring Yasmin's presence. He passionately kissed her, their lips and tongues entwined in a heated embrace.
"Mmm!"
Carrie let out a soft moan from her throat, instinctively returning the kiss. Her smooth body seemed to have melted into his.
"Heh... You smell so good, so sweet."
Ryan reluctantly pulled away from her moist lips. Then, he planted a kiss on her forehead and asked in a husky voice, "Tell me, did you miss me?"
Carrie shyly nodded, her lips pressed tightly together.
"You're about to become the wife of a CEO, but you're still as shy as ever," Ryan teased her. He then gently pinched her cute nose, his love for her evident.
"Young Madam was just too shy to say it out loud. But she missed you very much, too."
Yasmin gave a knowing smile. "From this afternoon until now, Madam kept asking when you'd be back. She asked so many times that I almost took her to the office to see you." "Y-Yasmin, I didn't..." Carrie clutched her skirt with both hands, her face blushing like a peach.
"You did, and I want you to admit it!"
Ryan insisted playfully, holding
Carrie's waist tightly. "Even after we get married, ten, twenty years from now on, I want you to wait for me every day and always think of me, just like you do now. Okay?" 
"Yeah. As long as you like it... I'll be happy to do so." Carrie nodded shyly.
She was so obedient and adorable-the ultimate dream for any man.
Yasmin could not help but smile at the sight.
Thanks to Carrie, she witnessed Ryan behaving as if he had consumed ten pounds of candy.
Ryan then changed into his casual clothes and sat elegantly at the dining table.
Carrie and Yasmin stared at him with wide, curious eyes, making him self-consciously rub his handsome face.
"Is there something weird about my face?"
Yasmin commented. "Mr. Hoffman, you seem different. You never used to change clothes for dinner, and you've never sat so properly before."
Carrie nodded seriously. "Yeah, she's right. Ryan, you seem so elegant now. You're becoming like my second brother."
"Really?"
Ryan said as he got up and almost aggressively tore a leg off the roast chicken, taking a big bite and chewing heartily.
"Who cooked this? It's delicious!"
Carrie and Yasmin did not respond to his question.
That elegance they saw earlier must have been an illusion.
In the future, Ryan's rough actions could really be used as a trademark for authenticity.
After devouring the chicken leg, Ryan noticed that Yasmin had prepared a feast of oysters for him.
"Mr. Hoffman, seafood is light and
won't fill you up. Have some more to
nourish yourself," Yasmin said,
placing the largest oyster on his
plate with a meaningful smile.
Ryan's handsome brows furrowed as he glared at Yasmin, gripping the chopsticks so hard that they were creaking.
Seriously!
He was just too busy to have some intimate time with Carrie. He was not incapable of doing so. Did he really need this much nourishment?
After a hearty meal, Ryan had a lot
of work to attend to. However, he pretended to be a man of leisure, sitting on the living room carpet and playing the new board game Carrie had bought. 
Yasmin watched them with delight. She was about to head to the kitchen to prepare tea when Carrie stood up to stop her.
"Yasmin, you've been busy all evening. Let me take care of it."
"How can I let you do that, Young Madam? I'll take care of it myself..."
However, Carrie insisted, pushing her down onto the sofa before running into the kitchen.
As soon as Carrie left, Ryan's gentle smile vanished, and his face suddenly turned grim.
###chapter1589
"Mr. Hoffman, is something wrong with the company?" Yasmin asked tentatively, her brows furrowing.
In fact, as soon as Ryan stepped through the door earlier, she sensed his heavy mood.
It was not that Carrie was indifferent to him. It was just that Yasmin had been by Ryan's side for so long that no one else understood him better.
Ryan's eyes were dark and brooding. He grabbed two game dice fiercely in his palm. "I went to see Zoe today. She's in the hospital now, well-guarded by my mother and grandfather." "So, you went to see her!"
Yasmin's pupils contracted, and she quickly lowered her voice. "Did anything go wrong?"
Ryan sneered. "Would she dare to do anything fishy under my watch?"
"Even so, you should be careful."
Yasmin spoke with concern. "Seeing how she had returned so smoothly this time, she must've teamed up with Liam. Your dear sister is no longer on good terms with you, and to vent her anger, she'll undoubtedly side with Liam and join forces with him against you."
"Heh, she'd better hurry up and not keep me waiting too long then."
Ryan gritted his teeth, his iron fist nearly crushing the dice in his palm to powder. "I was just fretting over finding an excuse to deal with that wretched girl. But since she's trying to mess with me, I'll make sure to douse her with the mess she's created. If she dares to collude with that bastard, Liam, I'll wipe them both out!"
Yasmin nodded thoughtfully. "You're already capable of holding your own in the Hoffman family and Hoffman Group. So, I'm not worried about that. My main concern is Ms. Carrie. Zoe has repeatedly messed with Ms. Carrie before, even traveling all the way here to make a scene. Back then, we were fortunate enough to find out what was happening and stop her before things got out of hand. Now that she's back with a grudge, she won't give up easily. I'm afraid she might go after Ms. Carrie again..."
"She wouldn't dare!"
Ryan's eyes turned crimson with rage. The very thought of it made him seethe When she maliciously, threw that medical record at Bellan front of everyone, causing a near breakdown between Bella and Justin, she's not my sister anymore! She can do whatever vile thing she wants, but if she dares to come after Carrie, I'll take her damned life!" 
A sharp clink echoed from the kitchen.
Ryan and Yasmin instantly realized something was wrong and hurriedly rushed over, one after another!
"Carrie!" The man called out in astonishment, his heart aching!
They saw Carrie kneeling on the ground, her face pale, as she frantically picked up the shattered pieces of glass with trembling hands. "Ah...!"
In her panic, the sharp glass cut her finger, and crimson beads of blood oozed from her fair skin. It was a shocking sight.
Ryan's heart ached so much that his mind buzzed. He rushed over, kneeling on one knee beside Carrie and grasping her slender wrist. His tone was heavy with urgency. "How could you be so careless?"
"I'm sorry, R-Ryan..."
Carrie bowed her head in guilt, her tear-filled eyes gazing at the shattered panda pastries. "I was clumsy and didn't hold them well... I messed everything up.....'
"What's the big deal about these things? You shouldn't hurt yourself, no matter what." Ryan's voice was taut with worry as he gently and tenderly placed her injured finger into his mouth, carefully sucking on it to soothe the pain.
Carrie felt her cold fingertips enveloped by warmth, a comforting sensation that spread through her entire body in an instant. Yet, inexplicably, her heart remained cold and uneasy. "Mr. Hoffman, please don't say that."
Having swiftly fetched the first aid
kit, Yasmin spoke up for the extremely aggrieved Carrie. "We made the panda pastries with
ingredients we bought early this net
morning. Ms. Carrie spent the entire day making them for you on her own. It's her way of showing her feelings for you. Of course, she's upset that they're ruined!"
###chapter1590
Suddenly, guilt struck Ryan. He realized how harsh his words had been earlier. His throat tightened with remorse. Yes, this was Carrie's way of showing her love.
He had only seen it as ordinary pastries and focused on her injury, completely overlooking her heartfelt effort.
As her soon-to-be husband, he was failing miserably.
"It wasn't that good anyway. If it's ruined, then it's ruined." Then, Carrie's smile suddenly brightened like a clear sky after a storm, though it still carried a hint of reluctance. "Next time, I'll make it for you again." Before she could finish speaking, Ryan began picking up the shattered pastries from the floor, eating them piece by piece without hesitation, savoring them meticulously.
"Yum! It tastes so good! I'm at a loss for words... Your cooking is amazing, honey!"
Despite his mouth being full, Ryan found room to praise her. "Honey, will I be lucky enough to eat this every day? Oh, no, that'd be too much work for you. I'll be satisfied with just an occasional treat!" "They fell on the floor. They're dirty. Don't eat them!" Carrie blushed in panic, wanting to reach into his mouth and take the food out.
"Nah, it's not dirty at all."
Ryan hurriedly stuffed the last piece of the shattered panda pastry into his mouth, swallowing it all before narrowing his eyes with satisfaction. "Honey, I want more. Do we have any left?" Carrie's eyelashes fluttered slightly. "There's no more. I only made these..."
"But I didn't get enough of it. What do we do then?"
Ryan's large hand suddenly encircled her slim waist, pulling her into his embrace with a domineering grip. His voice was husky and alluring. "Then, why don't you let me have a full meal in bed tonight?" Carrie leaned against his solid chest, lightly biting her soft lips and nodding shyly.
After bandaging Carrie's wound, Ryan called Yasmin to the study.
"Did you notice that Carrie seemed a bit off?"
Ryan leaned back on t
Sis gaze somber. His s
picked up a glass
"Yeah, she probably overheard our conversation. But... I don't know how much she heard."
Yasmin's brow furrowed with concern. "Mr. Hoffman, don't you think Ms. Carrie is especially afraid of Zoe?"
As Ryan recalled how that wretched
girl had bullied Carrie when he was not home, he nearly ground his molars to dust. "That incident likely left a psychological trauma on Carrie She has autism and is timid. How could she endure that kind of torment? Now that Zoe is back, you must be extra vigilant when I'm not around. Do not let her get near Carrie. Alright?" 
Yasmin could not shake off the feeling that something was off between Carrie and Zoe.
She could not pinpoint it exactly, but her strong intuition told her there was more to the story between Carrie and Zoe.
"Tsk, why is it so hot in here? Is the air conditioning off?"
Ryan started panting heavily, his long neck gradually turning red. "I'm feeling so restless all over..."
Suddenly, Yasmin remembered something and quickly glanced at the wall clock.
The timing was just about right.
"Yasmin!" Ryan felt a blazing fire igniting in his lower abdomen, immediately becoming suspicious. He glared at her.
Seeing the man's increasingly
peculiar and watery gaze, Yasmin
quickly backed away and
stammered, "M-Maybe... You had
too many oysters. I still have a lot of work to do. So, I'm leaving now!"
Ryan's breath was heavy. He clenched his teeth as he alternated between frustration and amusement.
###chapter1591
"Had too many oysters? My foot! You crazy girl... A feast of oysters wasn't enough?!"
...
The oysters really packed a punch.
That night, Ryan pinned Carrie beneath him multiple times, sweating and laboring, while she could only cry and beg for mercy. "Honey... When will you bless me with a bunch of little pandas?"
As they reached the peak of their passion, Ryan's hot lips brushed against Carrie's flushed ear, coaxing and teasing her.
Sweat drenched through Carrie's delicate body. She then wrapped her slender legs around his narrow waist, accentuating his perfect V-line. She endured his passionate love. Yet her eyes remained vacant, he mind elsewhere.
After Wyatt's condition stabilized, he grew weary of the daily smell of disinfectant and could not wait to return to Yara Park to recuperate.
Asher spent a fortune converting a large room into a makeshift hospital room. He even bought a million-dollar treatment device for his father. The attending physician was none other than Arnold.
Wyatt looked around the room, his thick eyebrows furrowing in anger. "Asher! What is wrong with you?!"
Asher was momentarily stunned.
Standing behind him, Arnold silently worried, embodying the concern of a devoted wife.
With a silver tongue, Axel scratched his head. "Dad, what's wrong with Ash? Aren't you the one who's sick?"
"Damn you!" Wyatt raised his hand, ready to smack his second son.
Asher quickly stepped in front of his brother, his lips curling into a faint smile. "Dad, calm down. Let's talk this over."
"I came home from the hospital to be at home, but you've turned our house into a hospital. Why did I even bother coming back then?!" Agitated from being bedridden for days, Wyatt was irritable as he had not fully recovered from his illness. 
Unbothered, Asher smiled lightly. "Dad, Ax was just joking with you."
Arnold naturally chimed in, "Yeah, Dad. Axel was just joking."
Upon hearing that, everyone went silent.
What?!
Wyatt looked bewildered, staring fixedly at Arnold. "What... Did you just call me?"
Arnold froze in embarrassment. As everyone's eyes were on him, his heart pounded as if he were naked under an X-ray.
His thoughts spilled out uncontrollably. 'What should I do?!'
Asher cleared his throat. His usual calm demeanor was shaken for the first time, and his fingers were clenched tightly. "Dr. Larson has been in Hatchbay for a while now, constantly helping us out. Seeing you so often must have reminded him of home." 
"Yeah, yeah..." Arnold nodded vigorously, his heart in his throat.
Instead of suspecting something, Wyatt looked immensely grateful. "Arnold, you've helped us so much these days. It must've been tough for you I owe you a big one. If there's a chance in the future, I'll repay you generously." 
"Chairman Thompson, you're so kind for that."
Arnold's eyes, full of ambiguous emotions, drifted to Asher's handsome profile. "Since Aunt Mila is your wife, and I care deeply for her, I'm also a part of your family. Helping you is simply my duty." Asher smoothly covered up this small slip, and no one thought much of it.
However, Mila, who stood behind the strikingly compatible pair, noticed one was blushing at the ears and the other at the cheeks. Her eyes darkened with suspicion.
###chapter1592
Over there, the family bustled around Wyatt with lively energy.
Meanwhile, two sweet couples accompanied Celeste in the kitchen to make dumplings.
Celeste's culinary skills were renowned. Even with something as simple as dumplings, she could create varieties in red, pink, green, and yellow, each with a unique flavor. "Aunt Celeste, you spoiled Wyatt."
Bella teased Celeste while deftly shaping plump, round dumplings. "It's just dumplings, but you've made a rainbow of colors. Wyatt is so good at troubling people around him!"
"Your father loves dumplings. It's his favorite. I'm only making the colors for fun. He didn't ask me for it."
Celeste smiled contently. "I was thinking, if I'm making dumplings for him, why not make enough for everyone to have some?"
"You, Aunt Mila, and Aunt Sasha spoiled him endlessly. In most families, the men spoil the women, but it's the opposite in our family."
Bella scrunched her nose and huffed. "Did my mom used to spoil him like this when she was around? That's impossible."
"Your mother loved dumplings the most. She was the best at making them. She used to make them for your dad all the time. No matter how many she made, he would eat them all. He never got tired of them," Celeste replied with a smile.
Bella's fingers trembled slightly as she held the dough. A painful bitterness welled up in her throat.
Justin felt her emotional turmoil and brought the misshapen dough he had been working on to her, his expression earnest. "Bella, look at mine. Please review it." "It's hideous."
Upon seeing the round lump, Bella laughed. "What's this blob? You can eat it yourself after it's cooked. My life is valuable too, you know."
"Alright, I'll eat it."
Upon seeing her smile again, Justin felt relieved.
However, he could not help but feel puzzled.
From how the Thompsons described it, it was clear that Wyatt truly loved Bella's mother, his first wife.
That kind of affection was undeniably more genuine than Gregory's supposed love for Mary.
But if Wyatt's feelings were so deep and sincere, why did he marry so many times? It seemed contradictory.
"Steve, my dumplings look atrocious... They're way worse than yours!" Amelia pouted playfully, frustrated with her own clumsiness.
"How are they atrocious? They look just fine. When they're cooked, make sure to save all of yours for me. I'll eat every single one of them."
With his hands covered in flour, he
cautiously wrapped an arm around her waist, his warm lips brushing against her cheek as he murmured in a voice full of affection.
"Dumplings, and youer?
want to eat
both." 
His intimate whispers and closeness made Amelia blush.
Steven was the epitome of decency, even on their first night together. His inexperienced touch, trying to e remain calm but trembling slightly
showed that he was also a
as he caressed her skin, per
first timer. 
It was captivating to see a gentleman like Steven act like a rogue.
Focused on making dumplings, Celeste seemed oblivious to the couple's intimate interaction.
However, the subtle lift at the corner of her lips revealed a hint of joy.
Marriages of equal social standing, business marriage alliances, and family honor-what could be more important than her daughter's happiness?
This was especially true considering
that not many families in the country could match the Thompson family's status. Even if there were only a few, it would be like opening a blind box. Who could guarantee whether Amelia would get the man of her dreams or a monster?
Bella's eyes darkened with suspicion. She could not shake the feeling that Steven and Amelia's relationship was different from before.
Could it be that they had already been intimate?
Just then, Asher hurriedly walked into the kitchen, interrupting her train of thought.
###chapter1593
Asher said, "Bella, Justin, we've just received news about the Iversons."
Celeste immediately took the hint and turned to Bella. "I'll take Amelia outside for a bit."
"There's no need for that, Aunt Celeste. We're all family here. There's nothing that can't be shared."
Bella's expression turned serious. "Ash, go ahead."
Steven, who was nearby, also listened intently.
Ever since Winston severely injured him and the Iversons almost crippled his left arm, Bella had insisted that Steven focus solely on his recovery and his relationship with Amelia, keeping him away from business matters.
But having spent years in the business with Asher and Bella, Steven still had a passion for work. He did not care for high positions or wealth. He just wanted to be of use to the Thompsons. However, since Shannon's case, Steven had not been at work for a while, making him feel somewhat restless.
"Bella, do you remember when James took that resort project in Terranova from me? As expected, the problems quickly surfaced after the project began," Asher said, his eyes darkening.
"Yeah. There's a small village on the main road leading to the resort, with about a dozen households. Their presence significantly impacts the land planning for the resort unless the Iversons can clear out that village and relocate those residents."
Bella continued shaping her dumpling skin calmly. Then her lips curled into a smile. "Heh, but I doubt it'll be that easy. If it were, the Terranova government would've handled it already. Why would they conceal the fact? Were they trying to deceive the people? If they could clear the village, the land value would increase by at least another billion."
Steven nodded in agreement.
Amelia looked at her sister with adoration, her eyes sparkling with admiration, almost bubbling over with excitement.
No wonder Steve once admired Bella so deeply, willing to risk his life for her. If she were a man, she too would be captivated by her beautiful and wise sister.
In comparison, she seemed weak and ordinary....
She was truly fortunate to have Steven's love.
"Bella's analysis is spot on."
Justin gazed tenderly at Bella, placing another poorly-shaped dumpling neatly on the board. "Besides, I've been investigating secretly That village has been. around for two hundred years, and is considered a historical and cultural heritage site. If they demolish it to build the resort, it will definitely incite public outrage, and the government wouldn't dare to do it openly."
Asher nodded slightly. "That's why some people couldn't wait and took matters into their own hands."
Upon hearing this, the couple was shocked. "James wants to demolish it forcefully?! When did this happen?"
"It happened last night. He chose to do it in the middle of the night. Many villagers were still asleep when their house collapsed, resulting in multiple serious injuries."
Asher's demeanor turned icy. "The
Qu
incident happened abroad, and the Iversons immediately suppressed the news. Even if the domestic. media got wind of it, they wouldn't dare report it due to the Iverson's influence." 
Justin asked gravely, "Ash, were there any casualties among the injured?"
Asher replied, "As of now, there aren't any."
"Well, they can still keep this under wraps, then."
Justin's eyes grew cold. "Only if there are casualties does it become a major incident. That's the only way the Iversons won't be able to cover it up."
"Do the Iversons think they can commit atrocities abroad and get away with it?"
Bella slammed the table furiously,
turning a dumpling into a flat
pancake. "Who says no media would
dare expose their doings? Don't
forget we have KS Group's news outlet. Just wait, it's going public tomorrow at 3:00 p.m.!"
After listening quietly at the side, Celeste shook her head. "The Iverson kids are too audacious. I thought they had learned to restrain themselves after all this time."
Steven also expressed his resentment. "Well, a leopard can't change its spots.”
Bella arched her elegant eyebrows. "They all lack morals. Can this family possibly end well?"
Justin pondered for a moment, then firmly grasped her small hand protectively.
"I'll send someone to Terranova right away to monitor the situation there. If you expose this matter, James will likely act out of desperation to quell the scandal. He'll definitely make a move."
###chapter1594
Dinner was quite pleasant.
Upon seeing the dumplings, Wyatt's mood improved immensely. He even invited Justin to join them for the meal.
At the table, everything seemed proper and formal. However, things were quite the opposite under the table.
Late at night, Asher returned to his study to tackle the towering stack of documents awaiting him.
His father's illness had already thrown the KS Group into turmoil, and Cameron was making his move to gain assets, which added to Asher's headaches.
Fortunately, Asher could stabilize the situation, and the company was back on track.
After working for a while, he finally removed his silver-framed glasses and pinched his nose bridge to relieve the strain.
"Phew, I'm so tired... I wonder when that girl will let me retire."
Just then, someone knocked on the door.
Asher got up and opened it.
"Mr. Thompson."
Leaning casually against the doorframe in a white lab coat, Arnold's charming, fox-like eyes curved in a smile. "Are you interested in a private, late-night massage service?"
Asher's tired eyes looked him up and down, a deep gaze taking in every detail. "Since when did you add this to your repertoire, Dr. Larson?"
"Well, I'm a man of many talents."
Arnold's eyes brimmed with endless affection. "I'll always be at your service, whenever you need it."
Asher felt his throat tightening, his Adam's apple bobbing as his eyes subtly reddened at the corners.
During the day, Arnold's white lab coat signified his duty.
But at night, it became a tool of seduction.
Asher's heartbeat quickened. He turned away, not daring to look at Arnold any longer.
In the next instant, the door closed.
Suddenly, Asher felt something
around his waist as Arnold
embraced him from behind, the.net
bodies melding as one.
belongs to .no Col.net
"Ash, I've missed you so much..."
Arnold rubbed Asher's broad back with his chin, his voice husky and soft. "Even though your room is close to mine, just a wall away feels like a continent away... I'm always thinking of you." 
"Ash..."
-"Ash."
The sudden confession made Asher's breathing grow heavier, his thoughts swirling as his heated
sweaty hand covered Arnold's hand that was on his waist.
The highly restrained emotions rampaged through his chest, boiling over uncontrollably.
Asher did not know how much longer he could hold back. Maybe tomorrow, maybe the day after, maybe tonight...
Knock, knock, knock-
Another series of leisurely knocks sounded.
Following that, Mila's calm and gentle voice came from outside.
"Ash, is Arnold with you?"
###chapter1595
Arnold was still immersed in the intense pheromones emanating from his beloved, unable to extricate himself. However, Asher's heart clenched. He forcefully pulled Arnold's hand away, breaking free from his embrace.
Arnold felt a surge of loss within his chest, his limbs stiffening in response.
"Yes, Aunt Mila."
Asher responded calmly, turning and opening the door without hesitation.
Outside, Mila stood with a smile. "I knew it. He must be here. I know you two have a good relationship."
A good relationship.
It was indeed good.
Asher's eyes flickered, but he could only respond with a shallow smile.
"Arnold, come to my room. I have something to discuss with you," Mila said, beckoning to her nephew with a smile.
Arnold's heart pounded.
He cast a deep look at Asher.
However, the man kept his head lowered, avoiding his gaze.
Arnold followed his aunt back to her room.
Once Mila shut and locked the door, her previous smiling eyes turned cold.
"Aunt Mils, it's late. What do you want to talk about with me?" Arnold feigned a yawn, pretending to be tired.
"You need to return home first thing tomorrow morning."
Arnold's eyes widened in shock. "What? Go back home? Why do I have to go home?"
"You've been staying here ever since you returned from Meridan. This isn't your home, nor is it a hotel Besides, I'm not the matron of the house. It's simply inconvenient for you to stay here indefinitely." 
Mila's tone grew colder. "So, leave soon. Don't cause trouble for Ash and Bella."
Arnold's face flushed with urgency. "But Chairman Thompson is still sick! I'm his attending physician. I need to be here to oversee his treatment!"
"We don't need you anymore!"
Mila raised her voice, clearly
escalating the argument. "Wyatt's
condition has improved significantly. There are plenty of people in the family who can take good care of him. You are not the only doctor capable of treating him. If
no
necessary, I can bring in foreign
specialists to consult on Wyatt's case." 
"Damn it! What is this? You're throwing me aside once I'm no longer needed?!"
"Call it what you want. You need to leave by tomorrow!"
Arnold was on the verge of losing his mind, his narrow eyes turning red. "Aunt Mila, why are you doing this all of a sudden? Why are you kicking me out?! I'm not leaving!"
"You leave me no choice."
Mila gritted her teeth and walked to the bedside table. She then retrieved a brown envelope from the drawer and threw it onto the coffee table.
A stack of photos slid out, scattering across the table.
Arnold picked one up, his hands trembling violently, and his face drained of color.
"Aunt Mila... How could you hire someone to investigate me?!"
Those photos were explicit and shocking, depicting him with his various ex-boyfriends in Meridan.
They were a vivid chronicle of his colorful and uninhibited past. They were a scandalous display that could stun anyone.
"Investigate you? Heh, there's no need for that. My dear nephew is quite the celebrity in the Meridan gay circles, the belle of the socialites."
Mila's anger then turned into a
mocking laugh. "I obtained these photos without even trying. I almost wished it had been more difficult. Clearly, you don't care about your reputation. So, why are you pretending to be innocent now?!"
Arnold clenched his teeth. His trembling hands crushed the photos into a crumpled mess, wishing he could obliterate his past self because his aunt was right.
###chapter1596
In the past, Arnold was a playful and dissolute man. He lived a carefree and hedonistic life and only cared about living in the moment. But now, this wandering soul of his yearned to settle down permanently with Asher.
However, Mila insisted on digging up his past, reminding him of the pain and forcing him to wake up to reality.
"Aunt Mila, I..."
"Arnold, your father and elder brother overlooked how you've played around abroad. I'm an outsider since I married into the Thompson family, and I have no say in how to control you either." Mila furrowed her brows and said in a low and stern voice, "But Asher is the pillar of the Thompson family, the eldest son that Wyatt has high hopes for. You cannot have any ideas about him!"
Arnold felt a sharp ache in his heart. He took a step back.
"I've watched you grow up. In the past, when your father was too busy to look after you, I stepped in to accompany you in your studies and hobbies. I understand you far better than anyone else in the Larson family."
Mila sat weakly on the sofa, feeling a burning sensation in her chest. "I can read every move that you make like a book. I've had my suspicions about your feelings for Asher for a while now, but I wasn't completely sure and kept observing you in secret. It wasn't until I found this evidence. Only today, when I noticed your interactions, were my suspicions confirmed. The thing I feared most has finally happened." She continued, "Arnold, Asher is different from those men you fool around with. You cannot get involved with him. If you ruin him, the Thompson family will be finished. Wyatt will be so furious that he'll suffer another stroke!"
Arnold couldn't hold back his emotions any longer. His eyes turned red as he shouted, "Why does he have to know? Won't it be better if we keep it a secret?"
Mila was deeply shocked. "What did you say?"
"Asher... Asher likes me too. And I like him very much."
Arnold clenched his fists tightly, tears welling up in his eyes, but suddenly he smiled brightly.
"No, I don't just like, I love him. Aunt Mila, I love Asher. I love him so much. No matter what, I will never leave him!"
Mila's vision went dark. Her heart was set on protecting the Thompson family. For the sake of the Thompson family's interests, she was determined to stop any potential threats to their family. This included a romantic relationship between Arnold and Asher that the high society of Hatchbay and Savrow could not accept.
The Thompson family was a powerful force in the business world, a respected and prestigious family. The price of such honor and power was the loneliness that came with them.
Asher was the CEO of KS Group, the

elke
pillar of the family. If someone with bad intentions took advantage of this vulnerability and caused trouble, the consequences would be disastrous. The Thompson family and the KS Group would be deeply affected by it. 
Mila's mind raced with countless thoughts. After a short silence, she calmed down and spoke coldly, "It's true that you like Asher, but does Asher truly like you?"
"Why wouldn't he? He's just not good at expressing himself!"
"Is Asher really not good at expressing himself? From what I know, he's not a man of few words. He just can't be bothered with small talk. He's merely being polite to you because you're my nephew, so he can' outright reject you."
Mila leaned back and sneered. "Even if he's momentarily captivated by you, so what? You might be ready to abandon your family and career for him, but he'd never sacrifice his
reputation for you and drag
Group into a storm of public scrutiny
for you." 
She continued, "Also, Asher is a committed Christian. Even if he were not the CEO, he would become a pastor. Are you trying to lead him away from his faith and condemn him to hell? If you truly love him, don't destroy him."
Arnold felt a chill spread through his entire body, as if pierced by countless arrows. His warm blood gushed from his bleeding heart.
"It's impossible for the both of you. You're not children anymore, and you've had many relationships to know better. Be more realistic."
Mila's expression was cold as she
continued to deliver another
crushing blow. "You've been living here and doing so much for the Thompson family. Your dad and older brother have no idea, right? If you continue to ignore my advice, I will have to tell them everything. The Larson family despises anyone getting too close to the Thompson family. You know very well what will happen then." 
When Arnold walked out of the room, he seemed like a walking corpse. He panted heavily as he leaned against the cold wall. He stood there for a long time before regaining some strength to slowly move forward, step by step.
However, just behind him, Asher hid himself in the dim shadows at the corner of the staircase. He watched Arnold's tall, beautiful, yet utterly defeated figure walk away.
Asher's eyes were half-closed, and his heart was filled with suppressed emotions as he clenched his hand tightly at his side.
###chapter1597
James' forced demolition of a village to build a resort had caused significant trouble. He was overwhelmed and naturally had no time to manage public scrutiny. It was Lance who managed to promptly handle the situation before it got out of control.
In the chairman's office today, Lance nearly wrecked his entire office in front of his two remaining sons.
"Was your brain eaten by a dog or something? Forced demolitions are illegal in our country, and yet you dared to do it overseas! Do you think there are no police or governments in other countries?!"
Lance gritted his teeth and jabbed James' forehead with his finger angrily, forcing him to retreat step by step. "You pig brain! You're even dumber than a pig! Are you trying to drag the Iverson family down even more?!"
Christopher stood to the side, lightly adjusting his gold-rimmed glasses and smiling sinisterly.
James' face turned red with shame and anger, his dignity completely destroyed by his father's scolding. But he refused to accept it and angrily said, "Dad! We were set up by Asher! The land he transferred to me was problematic from the start! He set a trap for me!"
Lance frowned deeply upon hearing this.
"James, it's not your first day in the business world. Before signing the contract, didn't you send someone to conduct an on-site inspection?" Christopher asked, shaking his head in disbelief.
"Why did you just take Asher's word for it? Do you trust him that much?"
James glared at him with rage. His gums ached from clenching his teeth so tightly. He had been too eager to gain credit in front of his father. In his desperation to outshine Christopher, it led him to make such a rookie mistake and fall into Asher's trap.
How could the Thompson family give away such valuable land just because of a mere secretary?
James thought bitterly, 'If something seems too good to be true, it probably is. The slice of heavenly pie could very well be a deadly trap!'
"Christopher is right. Did you not use your brain at all? No wonder you've been the CEO for so many years and still can't compete with that kid from the Thompson family!"
What Christopher said caused Lance's resentment toward his eldest son to grow even stronger.
"James, it's not a big deal that the land Asher transferred to you has issues. You could have come to me or Dad to discuss it. I've investigated that land Building a resort isn't the best option. It would be better to build a golf course to serve the high-end political and business elites ofTerranova. This would greatly benefit Iverson Group's future development and networking in Terranova." 
Christopher sighed helplessly. "Unfortunately, you never trust me. You always assume I'm out to harm you. Although we're not born from the same mother, we're still brothers. Why would I want to harm you?" James glared at his feigned innocent face, almost bursting with rage. 'This evil bastard, who has already forced Astrid and Charles to death, still has the audacity to play the pity card.'
"Everything I do is for this family, for
the Iverson Group. So, James, I hope you won't act on your own in the future. You should discuss
strategies with us more often. This way, we won't be so passive against the Thompson family." 
"Why didn't you tell me earlier if you had already investigated that land?!" James roared angrily at Christopher, his embarrassment turning into rage. "I know exactly what you're up to! You're just trying to humiliate me. You just want to see the whole Iverson family fall into chaos! Christopher, you're truly eunning! The last person who wants the Iverson Group to thrive is you!" 
As soon as he finished speaking, Lance's eyes blazed with anger. He raised his arm and slapped James hard across the face.
"Idiot! Even at this moment, you're still trying to make excuses and accuse Christopher?!"
James clutched his swollen face, filled with disbelief and anger. "Dad... Are you blind?! Can't you see who is truly loyal to you and who genuinely wants the best for Iverson Group? Can't you see at all?!" "I only judge based on the results! Since Christopher returned from Sentania, he has helped me countless times and resolved numerous problems for the Iverson Group. I've seen it all with my own eyes!" Lance pointed at James' face with resentment. "As for you, not only did you fail to save Charles, but you also repeatedly made wrong decisions and caused trouble for the Iverson Group! You're nothing but a useless fool!"
###chapter1598
As James listened to Lance's accusations, he had a sudden realization. He had dug his own grave!
James had manipulated Charles since they were young, molding Charles into a tool for his own use. But James never thought Christopher would use this tool against him. Charles' death had made James the scapegoat.
Lance vented all the grief and hatred over losing his son and blamed James for it.
"Dad, if something's bothering you, let's have a calm conversation about it. Getting angry is bad for your health." Christopher quickly moved forward to help Lance sit down on the sofa.
He then calmly explained, "James, you've misunderstood me. I did look into that land. I didn't tell you about it because I was afraid you'd think I was meddling in your project or trying to sabotage it. You've never really trusted me, and I didn't want to deepen your misunderstanding of me. Now, it's just the two of us left, so I don't want to further strain our relationship."
James thought, 'Listen to that! Such noble words!'
In just a few sentences, Christopher had portrayed himself as a kind and sympathetic younger sibling who cared for the greater good. It painted James as a petty and shortsighted fool who could not differentiate between public and private affairs!
"My good son, I appreciate your good intentions," Lance said with relief as he patted Christopher's shoulder.
Lance turned his gaze toward James, wishing he could tear his eldest son apart with his eyes. "James, I'll give you one last chance! I've handled the local backlash for now, but you'll have to clean up the mess overseas on your own! If this incident disrupts Iverson Group's usual operations, then you'll have to step down from your role as CEO right away!"
Christopher gently patted his father on the back as a sly grin formed at the corner of his mouth.
James realized that this might be his last chance, so he could only clench his teeth. "I have attempted to bribe those villagers, and no one has died so far. I assure you that the situation will not worsen anymore."
Suddenly, there was a frantic knock on the door.
"Come in!"
After Lance responded, the secretary rushed in anxiously. "Chairman Iverson! Please take a look at the news! Something bad has happened!"
The faces of the Iverson family members turned pale as they immediately turned on the TV to the news channel.
At that moment, the news channel
was broadcasting about Iverson Group's urban construction project for the resort, which involved forcibly demolishing a traditional village in Terranova, resulting in serious injuries to residents.
The news not only extensively reported the incident but also provided visual evidence that revealed the truth, which caught Iverson Group completely off guard. "W-What is going on?!" Lance pointed at the TV screen, erupting in fury.
James' face drained of color in an instant. Even though he was experienced, his mind was in utter chaos.
At that moment, all four of their phones rang at the same time. Just when Iverson Group had quieted down for a while, another storm erupted on the internet.
[Iverson Group should just vanish from this world! The whole family is a bunch of worthless scumbags!]
[Don't say that! At the very least, it seems like Christopher Iverson is decent.]
[The only good person left in the Iverson family is Christopher Iverson. I hope he can successfully take over the company!]
[Can we petition for this? I also
support Christopher Iverson taking
over! He has good character and
looks. He can rival Justin Salvador
from Salvador Corporation 
[They dare to carry out a forced demolition in another country? Do they think foreign lives do not
matter? The Hoffman family roset
from the underworld, but at least they have never sunk as low as the Iverson family!] 
Lance's eyes went dark, and his whole body began to tremble uncontrollably.
###chapter1599
Lance was having heart palpitations, as if he would go into cardiac arrest.
"You... James, you're so useless!" Lance yelled.
James looked at his phone in disbelief. Everyone seemed to have sided with Christopher. He was so stressed that he nearly lost grip of his phone. "Christopher, was it you?! You must have leaked the news!" "James, can you clear your head at a time like this?" Christopher shook his head with a wry smile. "What benefit would I gain from leaking this? What good would it do to the Iverson Group? Just to mess with you? Wouldn't that just be like shooting myself in the foot? Besides, do I really need to mess with you? It seems like you're doing a good job of making a mess of things on your own."
James was absolutely livid and exploded in anger. "Christopher! You're so despicable!"
Behind Christopher's stylish glasses, his eyes flashed with a sinister glint. In a place where Lance couldn't see, his sinister provocations were fully revealed.
Lance rubbed his temples, a look of frustration crossing his face. "Who had the audacity..."
,
Christopher immediately explained, "That news channel is managed by the KS Group. The media not only receives funding from the KS Group but also has backing from international investors. We have no control over them. That's why they dared to defy us and shamelessly expose this matter."
Lance's last trace of suspicion for Christopher vanished completely. His eyes widened in fury, while his neck turned red with anger. "Wyatt... I've saved your life before, and we've been brothers for thirty years... Yet, you're willing to ruin me over such trivial matters! This is unbelievable!"
Christopher whispered, "Dad, from what I know, Chairman Wyatt was previously ill and had been unconscious for several days. He probably didn't have time to deal with this matter. I suspect this is Asher's doing. After all, Asher was the one who transferred the land to James. He might have planned this out long ago."
Christopher was aware that Bella had orchestrated this. However, he still held onto the fantasy that he would be able to marry her one day, so he hoped that Bella could leave a good impression on Lance.
"Asher!!!"
Lance was so angry that he felt lightheaded. He pounded his fist on the coffee table and screamed, "Just wait! Everyone in the Thompson family better be prepared! I'll get even with them!"
Christopher advised, "Dad, please calm down first. At the moment, we need to resolve this trouble."
"Christopher, how do you think we
should handle this matter?" Lance's disappointment in James was written all over his face. He didn't even want to look at James, only holding onto Christopher's hand
while speaking. 
"I think... You should give James another chance." Christopher suddenly spoke up for James.
"After all, James is the CEO of
Iverson Group. If he steps forward to
resolve this crisis now, it could also
help him regain some credibility within the company. So, it's better to trust him once again." 
Back at Pivotage, the scene was unchanged, filled with revelry and debauchery.
Christopher sat on the luxurious crimson velvet sofa. He sipped on wine while observing several high-ranking officials in Savrow indulge in the pleasures of wine, women, and wealth.
"Mr. Iverson, once you take control of Iverson Group, these people will be like icing on the cake for you in the future." Yvonne was massaging his shoulders from behind, while Taylor was happily attending to him. 
Christopher chuckled. "After investing so much, it's only fair to expect some returns, isn't it?"
"Please forgive my ignorance, but there's something I just can't understand. Why did you speak up for James at such a critical moment?"
###chapter1600
Taylor was puzzled. "Since you are dealing with the problem in Terranova, why don't you just use it as an opportunity to get rid of James and take control?"
Christopher shook his head slightly. "Lance is an extremely wary person. If I act too eager now, he'll think I have hidden agendas. But if I take a step back and let James take charge, he will think that I am prudent, considerate, and focused on the bigger picture."
Taylor asked, "But what if... James manages to resolve this matter?"
"Do you think I would let him off that easily?" Christopher crossed his legs elegantly as he swirled the wine in his glass. A sinister smile played on his lips as he exuded a cunning aura.
"Since the Thompson family has already escalated this matter, I might as well add fuel to the fire to make it burn even hotter and completely out of control. You should contact our forces in Terranova and have them find an opportunity to visit the hospital where the injured are being treated. You know what to do, right?"
Taylor suddenly understood and nodded vigorously. "Yes, I understand."
Yvonne's hand trembled as she massaged Christopher's shoulders.
She knew that another murder was about to happen. The thought of innocent civilians dying in vain just because of the power struggles of these capitalists made her feel suffocated, even causing a strong wave of nausea to surge from her chest.
"If I want to take over, the key is that James has to completely fail. Otherwise, Lance will never fully let go of him. Do you understand?"
Taylor looked at him with admiration. "Mr. Iverson, you're just one step away."
"Yes, just one step away."
Suddenly, Christopher grabbed Yvonne's hand and pulled her into his embrace, holding her tightly. His slightly intoxicated gaze stared deeply into her startled eyes. As the wine spilled, his cold fingertips traced along her cheek, sending shivers down her spine as if she were being cut by a cold blade.
"Bella... Do you know how difficult it has been for me to get to where I am today?"
"Mr. Iverson, you seem to be drunk." Yvonne quickly turned her face away.
Christopher's warm and moist palm slipped beneath her skirt, while his other hand effortlessly unbuttoned her blouse and gently unfastened her bra. "Everything I've done has been for you... I've put in all my efforts just to become a man worthy of you... Bella, please look at me. I beg you to look at me..." 
"Mr. Iverson, please look at me clearly... I'm not Bella!" Yvonne's eyes were red as she gathered the courage to struggle out of the man's embrace. She hurriedly covered her chest, preventing her bra from slipping down, and stepped back.
Taylor, who was just about to leave, suddenly froze in disbelief. He was nervous for Yvonne.
Yvonne had been nurtured by Christopher to substitute Bella. Taylor could not believe that Yvonne had the courage to reject and defy Christopher, who seemed to have complete control over everything. For a moment, Christopher's eyes showed a hint of suspicion, but it soon dissipated.
He was in a good mood, so he just brushed off Yvonne's behavior as playing hard to get and being petty.
After all, Yvonne was just a counterfeit for his amusement, and he had no interest in deciphering her feelings.
"Taylor, send the medicine to Chairman Thompson. He should be about ready to use it," Christopher said as he leaned back leisurely, casually fixing his tie. "It's about time we visit him and settle some debts."
###chapter1601
While a lot was happening with the Iverson family, Justin was shocked to find out that things were just as eventful on his side as Wyatt's condition had just stabilized.
After sorting out his father-in-law's matters, he began working on setting up a charity foundation for his mother. Although his mother had passed away many years ago, Justin wanted to go all out with the charity foundation as a display of filial piety.
"Mr. Salvador, the preparations for the charity gala are almost complete. There are some other details, like the selection of the venue and guest list, that need your approval," Ian said as he handed Justin the documents he had prepared.
Justin took the documents and read them closely before casually asking, "Anything new going on with Gregory lately?"
"Nothing out of the ordinary, but there's something suspicious." Ian leaned forward, lowering his voice. "I checked Chairman Salvador's overseas travel itinerary. He attended a business conference in France for a week. After the conference, he was supposed to return to Savrow, but instead, he made a detour to Meridan."
Justin raised his eyebrow and asked, "Meridan?"
"Don't forget who's in Meridan." Ian's gaze became intense. "Chairman Salvador never goes anywhere without a motive. He wouldn't just wander around for no reason. So the only possibility is that he went to meet with Mr. Grant!"
"Gregory hasn't visited Meridan much these past few years, and when he does, it's never been a big deal," Justin replied, still focused on the documents in his hand, seemingly uninterested in the matter. "In the past, perhaps not. But this time, it's different. It happened right after you and the Young Madam won the lawsuit against Shannon, and after Old Master Nigel gave a lot of power to you! There's a real issue here, Mr. Salvador!"
lan was really eager to make a point as Justin's closest aide. "Chairman Salvador is concerned that as your influence grows, you'll become too powerful for him to handle. So he's backing up Mr. Grant as a backup plan to challenge you!"
"So what? Should I buy a cruise missile and shoot down Gregory's private plane from the sky?" Justin mocked.
lan slowly said, "I mean, if you have to, it's not entirely impossible."
Justin fixed his intense stare on lan's face, making the latter flinch. "Ian, do you think I haven't thought about all the things you mentioned?"
Justin closed the file and took a deep breath. He declared confidently. "If the day comes when my brother recovers and Gregory chooses to support him, I won't have any complaints. After all, I owe Grant a favor, and he's the eldest son of the Salvador family. If it weren't for his poor health, he should have been involved in the core operations of the group anyway. However, I won't give up the things I've earned. I'll fight him head-on, fair and square." 
At that moment, there was a knock on the door.
After Justin responded, the
assistant secretary entered with two beautiful lunch boxes. The assistant secretary said nervously, "Mr.
ně
Salvador, the Young Madam sent
these lunch boxes for you and
reminded you to have them on time, oPelse..." 
"Or else what?" Justin asked eagerly, his eyes sparkling.
The assistant secretary blurted out, "Or else the Young Madam won't let you in tonight, and you won't get any other meals."
The secretary's face turned red. He had been married for four or five years, and he had never encountered something like this before.
He thought, 'Maybe this is the boss and his wife's special way of expressing love to each other?'
"Understood," Justin responded with a nod, gazing at the lunch box. He took a moment to swallow before squinting and fixing his tie.
lan could not help but find Justin's expression somewhat cheesy. It seemed like, in Justin's eyes, the lunch box had transformed into Bella herself.
After setting up the dishes, the assistant secretary left the room. Justin eagerly sat on the sofa, picking up his fork and
delicious food, all of which were his
enthusiastically devouring the net
favorites. 
"It smells so good... How can it be so tasty?" Justin exclaimed in satisfaction between bites.
###chapter1602
lan watched in shock, his mouth agape.
He had always viewed Justin as dignified and graceful, but Justin was eating so messily, completely disregarding his image. It was almost like a pig... No, it was like Ryan had possessed Justin!
"Look at you, Mr. Salvador. The Young Madam cares so much about you. She knows that you would be too busy to eat, so she has taken care of everything for you."
lan could not help but compliment shamelessly, "With a wife like this, what more could a husband ask for?"
"It's just a pity that it wasn't her who personally delivered it to me." Justin sighed, feeling somewhat unsatisfied. He took a gulp of water before finishing the food, feeling genuinely hungry despite devouring it all If it had been Bella who had brought it over herself, he could have eaten something else after finishing lunch.
Just the thought made his thin lips curl into a smile, unable to contain his joy.
"In the past, the Young Madam has brought you food more than once, even desserts. Didn't you always refuse to let her come upstairs?" lan pursed his lips and couldn't help but make a sarcastic comment. Justin felt a sharp pain in his heart. He also felt suffocated, as if a rock had gotten stuck in his throat.
At this moment, lan's phone rang. He glanced at the screen and saw that it was a call from someone in Terranova, so he promptly answered.
After listening carefully for a moment, lan widened his eyes in shock and immediately looked at Justin.
"Mr. Salvador! Something happened at the hospital in Terranova. Three of the villagers who were injured during the forced demolition by the Iverson Group didn't make it through the night and died in the hospital!"
"They died?!" Justin's eyebrows furrowed in suspicion. "Weren't they out of the critical period? How could they suddenly die?"
"Three people dying simultaneously
have turned this into a major safety accident. The people behind this will likely end up in jail in Terranova." Before Jan could complete his sentence, Justin's phone also
started ringing, just in time for a call
from Bella. 
"Justin, there was a report from Terranova. The Iverson Group's forced demolition has caused some casualties."
"You know about it too?" Justin's eyes darkened. "It's too coincidental for something like this to happen at such a critical moment."
"If it's too coincidental, then it's not a coincidence." Bella's tone suddenly became more serious. "They were completely fine and out of danger, yet they inexplicably died in the hospital. Someone must have secretly done something to them."
"There's only one person capable of
stirring up trouble in Terranova and
going unnoticed. It's someone who wants to use the opportunity to destroy the Iverson family, defeat James, and reap the benefits for themselves. Apart from Christopher,
I can't think of anyone else!" 
Honestly, Justin also thought the same.
After thinking it over, it was clear that James had been the one to suffer the most in this situation. What Christopher was trying to do was leave Lance with no choice but to support Christopher as the sole successor of the Iverson Group.
Justin frowned in contemplation. "By doing this, the Iverson Group will suffer heavy losses. Is Christopher willing to be so cruel?"
"Don't forget what happened to Charles and Astrid. Don't forget how he treated Asher and Camilla despite claiming to love me. You will understand that this bastard Christopher is capable of anything for his own selfish desires."
Bella took a heavy breath, her voice
trembling slightly. "Justin, the Iverson Group is about to undergo a complete change of power. We can't predict what kind of moves that
bastard Christopher will makt.
he's in power. We must be prepared at all times." 
Justin's bright eyes sparkled with determination, and each word he uttered was filled with deep affection. "Bella, don't be afraid. I'll stand guard against any threat. Whether they come as friends or foes, I won't let them harm you in any way."
lan, who was listening from the side, was overwhelmed with admiration.
###chapter1603
lan also wanted to marry Justin. Even simply being a maid in his house would be fine.
Bella coughed and replied, "You don't have to do that."
She spoke gently, with a touch of humility. "I'm not with you just so you can be my human shield, even though you've done that before. You're also a human. I don't want to see you risking your life for me. It would break my heart."
Justin felt his heart race uncontrollably, his smile widening. Even if she asked him to die right away, it would be worth it.
"Bella, I've finished all the food you sent," Justin said, turning away. His throat was dry, and his breath suddenly turned erratic. "Can I have an extra snack tonight?"
The chaos within the Iverson Group was in utter turmoil. The government of Terranova was furious and had officially filed a lawsuit, arresting all responsible parties involved in the demolition. They demanded exorbitant compensation from the Iverson Group. Knowing it was one of the four major families, they demanded a staggering $30 billion!
In their eyes, a few lives were worth nothing compared to the century-old heritage building that James had destroyed. Every brick and tile of the century-old heritage buildings became bargaining chips for the Terranova officials, who shamelessly made their demands.
The officials were convinced that the Iverson Group would agree to any conditions they imposed to salvage their reputation. This project had already spent $20 billion on land acquisition and development. Now with an additional demand for $30 billion in compensation, regardless of whether Iverson Group could afford it, they would become a laughingstock in the national business community.
All of this was thanks to James' incompetence. He had ruined everything!
An emergency board meeting was held at the Iverson Group in the afternoon, during which Lance erupted with anger and decided to suspend James from his role as CEO. Suspending James from his duties was considered a lenient punishment.
Logically, it made more sense for James, the one who started it all to go to jail for what he did. After the board of directors left, the Iverson father and son got into a heated argument in the meeting room. 
In a fit of rage, Lance picked up the ashtray and smashed it on James' head, which bled profusely.
Grimacing in pain, James used his tie to cover the bleeding wound on his forehead as he walked out of the meeting room like a beaten dog. Just then, Christopher happened to be at the door.
"James, it looks like you're seriously injured. Do you want me to call an ambulance for you?" Christopher looked at him with a smile.
At this moment, Christopher's bright smile irritated the miserable James.
"Christopher! You bastard!" James viciously pounced forward, grabbing onto his white collar with his bloodstained hands. "Do you think that by getting rid of me, Dad will let you take my place? You're
о
dreaming!" 
Christopher replied calmly, "Who's the one dreaming? I think we'll have an answer soon."
He pushed his glasses up with his slender fingers, a hint of menacez flashing in his dark eyes. "James, do you remember what I told you fifteen years ago, before my mother and I left the Iverson family?" 
James' expression went blank, and his pupils suddenly narrowed.
"I said, someday I'll come back, and when I do, I will take back everything I lost to you, bit by bit," Christopher continued, his lips curling into a chilling smile.
"Don't panic, James. The game has just begun."
###chapter1604
Christopher's expression resembled that of a ruthless predator, who no longer bothered to hide his true nature in front of James.
"So... You've suddenly come back just to take revenge against the Iverson family?! You're responsible for what happened to both Charles and Astrid, aren't you? Now you're coming after me too?! You shameless and despicable jerk!"
James was livid, his anger shaking him to his core as his emotions neared a breaking point. "I'm going to tell Dad! I'll tell him everything you've done! I'll make him see through your sinister intentions, your ugly face!"
"What does Astrid's imprisonment have to do with me? That was the work of Justin and Bella. As for Charles, they were the ones who exposed him, so what does that have to do with me?"
Christopher was amused by James' panicked appearance. "Besides, do you think you still have any credibility in front of Dad now? Dad feels disgusted just looking at you. How could he possibly believe your nonsense?"
His laughter sent shivers down James' spine. James had underestimated Christopher, believing that a son who was neglected by his father and left out of the company would find it difficult to establish himself even if he returned to Savrow and tried to make it on his own.
Unexpectedly, Christopher had been plotting in secret for 15 years, and when he came back, he set up a trap that left them helpless. How did this once easily manipulated pretty boy turn into a ruthless shark that left them with no chance to fight back? Whose support had Christopher been relying on all along?
"You son of a bitch! I'll kill you!"
James seethed with rage. His eyes were bloodshot as he raised his fist to punch Christopher's face. But at that moment, the door to the conference room opened.
"Mr. Christopher, the chairman has been waiting for you inside." Lance's secretary gestured politely.
Christopher forcefully shoved James, making the latter stumble. He raised his chin slightly and walked inside arrogantly.
As the door closed, James realized his injuries had not been tended to yet. The pain made him collapse, and he held his head in agony.
When Christopher entered the room, Lance was taking his heart medication. Seeing someone come in, he quickly pocketed the bottle.
"Dad, James had acted rashly
regarding this matter. Besides, those
injured were already out of
life-threatening danger. Who could
have predicted they wouldn't make it?" Christopher walked behind Lance and patted his back to reassure him. 
"Everything in this world is unpredictable so don't be too upset. I've already sent someone with money to the hospital in Terranova, where the injured are being treated. Right now, we can only try to fulfill the demands of the deceased's families as much as possible, so that the negative impact of this incident doesn't continue to escalate." 
"Christopher!"
Lance grabbed his arm as if it were a lifeline. "You are more capable than your siblings. You are the most capable and promising son! What should we do about this incident? Last time, it was thanks to you that Iverson Group's major project in Sentania resumed smoothly. You are so capable... There must be a solution, right?!" 
Christopher curled his lips and spoke gently, "Dad, you guessed right. I've already thought of a solution."
"Really?! What do you plan to do?!"
"If you want me to save Iverson Group from this crisis, you just need to fulfill one of my requests. Let me become the CEO of Iverson Group."
Lance was shocked. Despite having just taken the heart medication, his heart began to convulse again.
With James out of the picture, there was no one Lance could turn to besides Christopher, who had an exceptional ability to follow in his footsteps and rival Asher and Justin. But this was not his preferred choice.
However, as the circumstances gradually backed him into a corner, Lance had no choice but to choose Christopher.
"Alright, I agree!"
Lance clenched his fists and said, "As long as you resolve this matter, I'll immediately call a meeting with the board of directors and elect you as the new CEO of Iverson Group!"
###chapter1605
Christopher shook his head with a faint smile and slowly sat down in front of Lance. "Dad, we're both in the business world, so we know that empty promises and verbal promises are meaningless. As long as I become CEO, I guarantee that all the current troubles will be taken care of."
Lance's eyes darkened. He asked, "Does that include Asher?"
Christopher's expression remained unchanged. “Our Iverson family has been targeted repeatedly, and Asher is certainly behind this. Even if you don't speak up, I won't just sit back and let the Thompson family walk all over us."
"Oh?" Lance gave him a suspicious look and asked, "Isn't Bella the woman you insisted on marrying? Asher is her brother, right? Can you really bring yourself to take action against him?"
Christopher helplessly shrugged and replied, "I can't help it. I've always been one to keep business matters separate from personal ones."
"Good, you truly know how to separate personal matters from business!" Lance expressed his approval.
Having received a satisfactory answer, Lance rested his large hand on Christopher's shoulder and pressed down firmly. "Christopher, Dad is getting old, and your older brother is too incompetent. The future of the Iverson family depends on you!"
"Thank you for your trust. I won't let you down." Christopher paused for a moment, then his tone suddenly turned serious. "Dad, I hope you can keep our conversation today a secret from James. The fewer people who know about our plan, the greater the chances of success."
Three days later, there was a board meeting held at the Iverson Group.
With Lance's enthusiastic support, Christopher emerged victorious, with almost everyone backing him. He finally defeated James and became the new CEO of the Iverson Group.
Simultaneously, the official website
of Iverson Group announced the appointment, which was confirmed by various media outlets through press releases. The Iverson Group had indeed experienced a change in leadership. 
Christopher had finally obtained what he wanted. According to the Iverson Group's tradition, there was supposed to be a grand welcome ceremony for the newly elected CEO. However, considering all the
controversy surrounding the el.
company and even some fatal ineidents, it would not have been wise to throw a huge celebration amidst all this chaos. So, everything was kept low-key. 
However, Christopher did not mind. He had already obtained the position he desired. Now that he held significant power in his hands, he could command and control the Iverson Group as he wished.
The more power Christopher had, the easier it would be for him to complete the tasks given by his master, the mystery man.
Though a public celebration was not possible, Taylor arranged a grand and luxurious event in secret at Pivotage, no less extravagant than the coronation of a new king.
"Congratulations, Mr. Iverson! You're finally the rightful CEO of Iverson Group!" Taylor was so excited that he could hardly speak coherently.
"This title doesn't sound too pleasing yet. When I'm the chairman, then I'll consider my mission accomplished. That's when I'll be truly satisfied."
Christopher squinted with joy,
suddenly tilting his hand and pouring
the auction grade wine worth
millions of dollars as if it were water.
The man, groveling at his feet like a dog, lifted his head and opened his mouth wide to catch the falling wine. Even though Taylor choked and turned red, he still forced himself to appear excited and joyful.
Christopher was an expert at harming and toying with people. At Pivotage, everyone except him was merely a stray dog.
"That old fool Lance is utterly useless, just an empty figurehead of a chairman. You have the final say in all the major and minor matters, don't you?"
Taylor was elated. "Oh, by the way, sir, upon hearing of your promotion, the boss specially sent someone from Meridan to deliver an exquisite piece of antique.”
###chapter1606
"I checked the value of the antique, and it is more than double what you last gave to him. It shows just how much he values you."
Christopher was filled with joy. "He is always so extraordinary and generous."
"Moreover, he also sent the medicine you requested and left a message saying that whatever is given to you is yours to handle as you wish. You may give it to whoever you want."
Christopher understood the meaning between the lines, and his expression behind his gold-rimmed glasses became difficult to read.
Taylor continued, "Also, as per your instructions, I have privately contacted the mayor of Terranova and two influential legislators in the political scene. You can fly to Terranova at your convenience to meet with them."
"You did very well."
At this moment, Christopher's gaze inadvertently swept downstairs to the lavish scene. Coincidentally, Yvonne was sitting like a beautiful sculpture in the corner.
She used to be enchanting and radiant. Now, she exuded a cold, detached feeling of loneliness that annoyed Christopher greatly.
"In the next few days, I have matters to attend to. Let Yvonne meet the guests for me first." Christopher's eyes turned icy.
Taylor was startled. "Ms. Smith alone? Do you mean to let her..."
"Some officials are greedy for money, while others are lusting for power. But in my decades in the business world, I have never seen a man who is not interested in women." Christopher's tone dripped with disdain and ridicule. "A man as self-righteous as Justin, do you think he cares about Bella for any other reason than her beauty?"
Taylor echoed, "You are right. That Justin is just another lecher! Ms. Thompson is wasted on a pig like him!"
"I am different from Justin. I love
Bella for her soul. I have been by her
side since we were kids. I
understand her, cherish her, and
know her far better than Justin ever would." 
Christopher slowly closed his eyes, and the image of Bella's radiant smile and beautiful eyes appeared before him. 'Bella, whether you love me or not, it does not matter will be with you until I die.'
Bella was so furious upon learning that Christopher had become the CEO of Iverson Group that she lost her appetite for dinner and could not sleep half the night. She finally drifted off around 4:00 am, nestled into Justin's muscular arm, still fuming.
Lately, Justin has been busy commuting between Savrow and Hatchbay. As he was no longer in his twenties, he fell into a deep sleep as soon as his head hit the pillow.
"Ah!"
Bella's crisp scream abruptly woke Justin from his slumber.
"Bella! What's wrong?"
He quickly opened his eyes, fully awake. He anxiously pulled Bella's delicate, soft body into his arms.
"I... I... I made a mess of the bed..."
е
Bella pouted her cherry-red lips, her fair cheeks blushing, and rubbed her dejected nose against his firm chest. "The sheets, the quilt... My pajamas... They're all dirty. Ugh, it's so uncomfortable... So annoying!" 
"Dirty? How did they get dirty?"
Having just woken up, Justin was still somewhat dense. He asked in surprise and seriousness, "You didn't wet the bed, did you?"
###chapter1607
"I did not wet the bed, you idiot! You're the idiot who wets the bed!" Bella blushed with embarrassment and anger and punched Justin's chest with her delicate fist, but her hand hurt more than it had hurt him. Justin grabbed her soft little hand and rubbed it over his chest. "Alright, alright... It's my mistake. My brain isn't working. When we are old, I will probably be the one wetting the bed every day."
Bella pouted while drawing circles on his chest with her finger. She could not help but laugh at his words.
"But, Bella, what happened? You really scared me just now." Justin gently caressed her soft face, his voice filled with concern.
"I... I got my period..." Bella clutched the edge of the blanket, her red lips pressed together.
Even though they had long shared the intimacy of a married couple and had been completely open with each other, Bella was still shy about this. She was always graceful and disciplined in her daily life, even in bed.
When they made love initially, she felt too embarrassed to be loud. It was Justin who had slowly guided her, helping her shed her inhibitions and fully immerse herself in their passion.
This was the first time she had felt so embarrassed in such an awkward situation.
"It started? But it's more than a week early," Justin said, his eyes darkening as he slowly lifted the blanket.
Good heavens, it looked like a crime scene!
"Ugh... I feel weak all over, and now this mess... I can't sleep like this!" Bella, her head resting on his shoulder, started to feel irritable, as women often were when they were on their period.
"It is alright. We have nothing important tomorrow, and there's no need to get up early."
Justin comforted her gently, kissing her cheek. "Let's move to another room, and we can have Wilma wash the sheets and quilt in the morning."
"No, that's too embarrassing..." Bella shook her head quickly. The thought itself made her flush with shame.
"Then we will throw them away and get new ones."
"What kind of household throws things away like that? Never mind. Just help me change them now, and I will wash everything myself in the morning."
After speaking, Bella covered her belly and walked to the bathroom to clean herself, feeling both dejected and uncomfortable.
Justin watched her slender figure
with a pang of heartache, a complex mix of emotions swirling in his chest. He suddenly recalled many things from the past, especially when she first married him. 
Wilma had once said that Bella not only cooked for their entire family but also always washed her own clothes and dressed simply and modestly. As the wife of the Salvador Corporation's president, she was always approachable and never put on airs. 
Back then, however, Justin had been convinced that she was pretending and acting superior to show off. He had been caught in a terrible cycle of suspicion, much like his cold-hearted father.
He had believed that Bella had married him, knowing he could not love her, out of vanity and a desire for luxury.
The sad truth was, he had never realized that this girl genuinely loved him.
Justin clenched his fist, smiling bitterly as he punched himself in the chest, hard enough to make him cough. Only then did he feel a bit of relief from his suffocating emotions.
Bella stood in the shower, letting the
warm water wash away the blood and discomfort from her body. The hot water flowed down her fair neck, soft chest, and flat belly, temporarily easing her discomfort. 
When she finished cleaning herself, she wrapped her body in a bath towel and stepped out of the shower to a shocking scene.
"Justin, what are you doing?"
###chapter1608
Justin said, "The longer blood sits, the harder it is to wash out. So I am washing it first, and then Wilma can use the washing machine to give it another wash."
Bella was astonished to see Justin with a large bucket and a small stool. His long legs bent awkwardly as he vigorously scrubbed the sheets and quilt. His tall, imposing figure looked somewhat comical in that position.
"Mr. Salvador, you can actually do laundry?" Bella's eyes sparkled as if she had discovered a new world.
"I have always known how."
Justin quickly scrubbed the bloodstains clean and smiled faintly. "When I was in military school, who do you think washed my clothes? Do you think I had Wilma over there?"
Seeing how efficiently he worked, Bella ran over, throwing herself onto his back and hugging his neck tightly, feeling a warm sensation in her heart.
"Don't be naughty, especially now that it's that time of the month." Justin wanted to return her embrace, but his hands were covered in soap, and he did not want to dirty her. "Justin... I love you." Bella could not help but confess, her cherry lips barely parting.
Justin's heart raced, and a wave of warmth filled his deep, dark eyes. He turned his face to kiss her cheek and softly responded, "I love you too. Very much."
Indeed, sharing a bed did not necessarily make two people fall in love. Although they were born into affluent families, they both longed for the simplest, most ordinary life.
After all the fuss, Bella was suffering from painful cramps. She cried out in discomfort. Justin sacrificed his sleep, holding her and tirelessly massaging her abdomen, trying every possible method to make her feel better.
"In the future, will you still indulge in cold things? Hmm?" He pinched her waist lightly, his low, magnetic voice tinged with a hint of reproach.
"Ugh... I can't quit it. I just like cold things." Bella pouted stubbornly.
"Bella, be good and listen, alright? Drinking cold things is bad for girls on their period." Unable to argue with her, Justin resorted to gentle persuasion. 
"So what if it's bad? I'm not having kids anyway..."
Bella, who was half-asleep, spoke casually and unwittingly pierced Justin's heart with her words.
"Bella, I know you are still upset... I will find a way. I will try everything."
Justin's chest tensed, his breath heavy as he held her tightly, his eyes slowly filling with tears. "Medicine is very advanced now. There will be a way."
Bella felt his strong grip as if he
wanted to merge her into his body, and she panted from the pressure. "Justin, you're overthinking it I didn't mean it like that." 
"Having a child is not important. What is important is that we love each other and are together. Did you not say that I was your baby? Is it not enough to have this baby clinging to you and bothering you? Wouldn't another little kid just annoy you? I certainly would be annoyed." 
The more she comforted him, the more guilty he felt. Justin's throat felt choked, rendering him speechless.
The couple rested until the afternoon. When Bella felt a bit better, she suggested they go back to Hatchbay to visit Wyatt.
On the way, Justin placed a heating pad on her belly and handed her a thermos cup filled with hot tea.
"There's no cold water now, and no urine either. Please have a sip of something warm, my lady."
Bella sighed and reluctantly took a sip, but she did feel much better afterward.
###chapter1609
"It is so infuriating that Christopher ascended to his position so easily!" Bella exclaimed, gulping down some hot tea so quickly that she scalded her tongue, resulting in her making some funny faces. Full of tender affection, Justin gently rubbed her head. "It may seem easy, but we know full well how much effort he put in, how many schemes he executed, and how many people he trampled on to get to where he is today."
Bella squinted at him and sipped her hot drink. "Listen to yourself, Justin. It sounds like you almost sympathize with that venomous snake."
The man smiled wryly. "Not at all. I am just remarking on how ruthless Christopher truly is."
"He has now eliminated the three Iverson siblings and achieved his dream of becoming the CEO. What will he do next? Honestly, just thinking about it makes me feel menopausal." Bella sighed and rubbed her temples.
"Christopher's ambitions are insatiable. Being CEO will not be enough for him. He wants to replace Lance and have the entire Iverson family grovel at his feet."
Justin wrapped his arm around her waist and pulled her close. His eyes were dark and inscrutable. "So, he will not stay quiet. He will make his move. As long as he does, he will expose his wolfish nature, and we will easily catch him."
"Even so, I am still worried." Bella leaned into his embrace. Her heart suddenly felt heavy with foreboding. "When Christopher first returned to the Iverson family, he already had the power to stir things up. Now, with even greater authority, I fear he will retaliate against you and my family with more ferocity."
"He would not dare."
Justin's eyes turned red, and his jaw clenched tightly. "Whether it is you, your father, or your brothers, if he dares to touch any of you, I will make him fall as fast as he rose. I have not forgotten how he tried to harm Asher on the South Island. Let Christopher watch as his own doomsday arrives!"
Bella sighed softly, intertwining her fingers with his. She knew he thought only of her and her family, forgetting that he had been gravely injured protecting her on the South Island and had nearly lost his life. She would also settle this grudge with that venomous snake, Christopher!
  
Asher.
Since that night, when Mila and Arnold had their secret conversation, an indescribable somber mood enveloped the entire Yara Park. lingered between Arnold and Despite Arnold's carefree nature, he was also as stubborn and unyielding as a mule. 
The more Mila urged him to leave, the more determined Arnold was to stay, silently defying her wishes.
In recent days, Asher seemed very
busy and had been spending the whole day at the KS Group's headquarters before returning home very late. Arnold waited from dawn to dusk. When he finally saw his beloved Asher return, Asher was
always accompanied by the butler or
Steven. 
On the rare occasions when Asher was alone, just as Arnold was about to approach, Asher would shut the door heavily, leaving Arnold out in the cold.
For several long, lonely nights,
Arnold sat by the window, smoking one cigarette after another until dawn. His eyes turned dark and
sunken, and his once handsomet
face became weary and haggard. Although Asher had never been particularly warm toward him, even the small amount of warmth he had relied on was now gone. 
How could he be content with this?
Arnold had finally seen Asher open his heart to him. How could he let everything return to the way it was before?
Today, as Asher stepped out of his room, impeccably dressed and with a stern expression, Arnold immediately blocked his path.
"Ash!" Arnold called out urgently, his voice completely hoarse.
Asher stopped abruptly, his jet-black eyes narrowing. "What are you doing here?"
"I have been waiting outside your door since you came back last night," Arnold said hesitantly with tired, bloodshot eyes. "What is going on? Why are you avoiding me?"
###chapter1610
Asher's face remained expressionless as he looked at Arnold. However, a wave of emotions surged internally. 'Last night, until now? Arnold had not slept all night and stayed by my door, just to see me?' As his thoughts returned, Asher's fingers balled into a fist by his side.
"Ash, what did I do wrong? Did I say something wrong? Please tell me." Arnold could not bear Asher's coldness and silence any longer. His voice trembled with anxiety as he stepped forward to grab Asher's hand.
However, Asher suddenly stepped back, leaving Arnold grasping at empty air. A chill swept over him from head to toe.
"Ash..."
"Dr. Larson." Asher's voice cut through sharply.
Arnold's pupils contracted. "What did you call me?"
"Dr. Larson." Asher's voice was even colder than before, as if he had returned to being the aloof eldest son of the Thompson family, untouched by the world.
"You have worked hard these past few days. My father's condition has stabilized, and you have stayed in Hatchbay for too long. You have not visited your family even once. Why not take some time to go home?"
It felt as if a bullet had pierced through Arnold's heart. Arnold's hand froze mid-air as he asked, "Did my aunt say something to you?!"
Asher shook his head. "What does this have to do with Aunt Mila? You are overthinking."
"Then why are you also trying to send me away?!" Arnold's voice broke, tears welling up in his eyes. "Ash, I don't want to go home... I don't want to go abroad. I want to stay by your side forever. It does not matter what reason or identity. As long as I can be with you, I don't need anything else! I just want you!"
Asher's eyes reddened, but his voice remained cold and harsh. "Dr. Larson, if you wish to stay at Yara Park a bit longer to accompany Aunt Mila, feel free to do so. But starting tonight, I will be living in Savrow for a while. The KS Group racecourse hotel project is about to start. I will be very busy and might have to travel frequently. So, do as you wish."
With that, Asher turned and walked away, his attitude resolute and cold.
Arnold rushed forward and hugged him tightly, tears streaming down his face. "Ash, are you abandoning me?"
Asher's breath hitched, and his mouth opened slightly.
"Ash, please don't abandon me... I will do anything. Just don't ignore me. I beg you..."
The once-proud and rebellious Arnold Larson was utterly humble and undignified before Asher, just so he could cling on to that sliver of warmth.
"I never belonged to you, Dr. Larson. We never belonged to each other," Asher said, his back to Arnold, his words piercing the latter's heart. "You are a free bird in the forest. There is no need to give up a vast forest because of me. I am not only the CEO of KS Group but also a devout Christian. Neither my status nor my faith will allow me to be with you. Even if I marry and have children one day, it will not be with a man. So don't waste your time on
me." 
Such heartless words were said so easily. Each word was like a sharp knife stabbing into Arnold's heart. "Ash, Arnold."
Hearing the voice, both of their hearts skipped a beat.
Asher's mind went blank. His jawline instantly tensed as he forcefully pried Arnold's hands off his waist.
Asher raised his eyes, his heart in turmoil.
Not far away, Mila stood there calmly, her expression as serene as ever, as if she had not witnessed their unusual closeness.
"Aunt Mila," Asher responded, his voice slightly hoarse.
Mila smiled faintly and turned to Arnold. "Arnold, your brother has come to pick you up."
Arnold's shoulders slumped, as if he had fallen into a deep abyss.
Bella and Justin walked hand in hand into the living room, where they spotted a man in an expensive brown suit sitting on the sofa. He was similar in age and stature to Justin's older brother, exuding an air of sophistication.
The man's narrow eyes flickered impatiently as he repeatedly glanced at his watch. Justin furrowed his brow, feeling a sense of familiarity with this person. But he could not identify this man.
The man's eyes lazily lifted at the
sound of footsteps, and he showed no reaction to the famous couple before him, not even bothering shift in his seat. How utterly arrogant! In contrast, Bella
approached calmly, her crim Velet
curving into a politen lips
as she
extended her right hand. 
"Mr. Larson, it's a pleasure to meet you."
Justin looked puzzled at Bella before turning his gaze back to the unfamiliar man. 'Mr. Larson? Could he be...'
"Heh, I've never set foot in such a prestigious place. It's shocking that you recognize me, Ms. Thompson." Mr. Larson responded with a smirk, crossing his arms defensively.
"However, the Larson family heel. nt
strict rules. Anyone from the Larson family cannot have any contact with the Thompson family. Let's skip the handshake, shall we?"
###chapter1611
Bella's arm paused midair, and her gaze narrowed.
Aaron's taunts rubbed Bella off the wrong way, but thanks to her solid relationship with Justin, she had better control over her emotions. She quickly got over the rage.
Though Bella was willing to let things go, Justin was not.
He gripped Bella's hand and pulled her into his arms, his arm firmly around her shoulders. His eyes fixated on Aaron's firmly.
"Oh, so this is the value your family adheres to. Here I thought you were cocky and rude."
Aaron furrowed his brows. "What did you say?"
"Was I wrong?"
Justin's authority overwhelmed Aaron. "I don't care how close your families are, but I know Bella is a graceful, intelligent girl with manners. Bella would never turn her back on people unless there was a reason to. You disrespected her, so you're the problem. You're a respectable man who is older than Bella. You're only embarrassing yourself."
Bella looked deep into Justin's eyes, her eyes welling up emotionally.
She was tempted to jump on him in public and bombard him with kisses.
"You!"
Aaron jolted up from the sofa and glared at Justin.
"Aaron!"
Amid the tension, Arnold grimacingly entered the room.
Mila was a few steps behind Arnold.
She stopped and kept her distance the moment her gaze fell on Aaron.
Upon learning that a member of the Larson family had set foot into the Thompsons' residence, Celeste, Sasha, Amelia, and Steven came out to stop the situation from getting out of hand.
It was uncommon for the Larsons to show up at Yara Park.
Not part of the Thompson family, Justin was unaware of the severity of the matter. However, anxiety gnawed at Bella.
"We can talk outside, Aaron." Arnold approached Aaron with a long face and murmured.
Aaron slipped his hand into the pocket of his pants before slowly turning to face Arnold.
Then came a smack.
The group was lost for words.
Aaron slapped Arnold in front of everyone, and the resounding noise echoed across the room.
"You're an embarrassment! Did you forget what Grandpa and Dad swear on?"
Aaron seemed determined to make
things difficult for Arnold. Instead of
taking their family matters outside, Aaron insisted on causing a scene and picking on Arnold. "Don't think I'm being harsh, especially after you insulted Grandpa and Dad. your
brother, I need to put you in your place." 
Mila's heart went out to Arnold, her favorite nephew, for taking a beating from Aaron.
She called Aaron over, but it never occurred to her that Aaron would be so savage as to hit Arnold at Yara Park.
Unable to hold herself back, Mila went up to defend Arnold.
However, she had taken an oath.
She was no longer a Larson when she left her family to be with Wyatt. The family had nothing to do with her anymore.
Arnold clenched his shaking fists and hung his head low.
The confidence and swag he carried were no more.
"Communicate with your words, not fists, Mr. Larson." Bella's eyes were bloodshot from rage. She took a step forward, only to be held back by Justin. He was not against sticking up for Arnold.
However, Aaron looked like he had lost his mind. Justin was concerned that Aaron might harm Bella.
"I'm educating my family. Stay out of
it." Aaron scoffed and insinuated, "We can't have another shameless and disgraced scum in the family. unless Arnold wants to turn his back on the family too. I have the duty to steer him to the right path." 
The shameless and disgraced scum comment, clearly a reference to Mila, cut her deep. The Thompsons picked up on that.
"Hey! What the hell are you talking
about? Who are you calling shameless and disgraced? I dare you to say that again!" Sasha
charged ahead infuriatingly, bu net
Celeste and Amelia held her arms and yanked her back. "I'll crush you. Just try me!" 
Aaron sneered in disdain.
To him, these women, like Mila, were Wyatt's side chicks. They were not worthy enough to speak to him.
"Stop it, Aaron. You can take your grievance with me."
Arnold took a deep breath, his eyes and body strained. "It was my idea. I wanted to be here. I wanted to treat Chairman Thompson. Aunt Mila has nothing to do with any of this. Don't get her involved." "Get out," Aaron reproached sternly.
Arnold did not want to leave.
Nevertheless, his refusal to leave would put Mila and the Thompsons in trouble.
Arnold moved along with heavy footsteps. He quickly turned around and scanned the room.
Asher was not there during Arnold's most difficult moment.
Arnold wondered if Asher would not see him off.
Did Asher not want him anymore?
Aaron drew close to Mila with a menacing look.
###chapter1612
"Aunt Mila."
The air hung heavy with a suffocating silence.
Gritting her teeth, Mila stared at Aaron's smirking face.
She knew that his use of "aunt" was not to show her respect. Instead, he would not come off as mean and would keep up appearances as the good eldest grandson.
"It's been two days since Grandpa stormed off to bed in a rage. He hasn't eaten anything since finding out what Arnold did. You can imagine his anger."
Aaron's piercing gaze was icy. "The last time Grandpa was so angry was when you insisted on being with Chairman Thompson. You knew Chairman Thompson was married, but you humiliated yourself and your family to be Chairman Thompson's side piece."
He labeled Mila insultingly.
Mila went white, but she did not back down.
She was no longer part of the Larson family. No one could tear her down.
Bella shook with rage.
She was furious at that point in time. Blood rushed to her head.
Justin furrowed his brows and locked fingers with Bella.
He had a good read of the situation. Due to Wyatt's relationship with Mila, the Larsons held animosity toward the Thompsons.
Arnold yelled furiously, "That's enough, Aaron! I'm going back with you. What more do you want?"
Aaron put his finger in front of Arnold's face with a frown. "Shut up! It's not your place to talk."
Bella gave Aaron a dirty look.
It dawned on her why Arnold would rather build a career abroad on his own than go back to the Larson family and take his career to new heights through his family.
The Larsons drained the life of Arnold.
"Can you be any more foolish?"
Sasha broke free from Celeste and Amelia and darted toward Aaron angrily.
However, Steven managed to get in her way. Only a 6-foot-tall man could stop her.
Aaron turned to Mila with a smirk. "Aunt Mila, Dad sent me here to take Arnold back and pass a message to you. He said that since you were dead set on breaking ties with the family, you should keep to your word. Stop trying to look for excuses and ways to squirm your way back in.
"Back when Ms. Bella miscarried
and was close to having her entire uterus removed due to a rupture, you kneeled outside Grandpa's courtyard in the snowstorm for three whole days on a hunger strike. He gave you the drug to save MS. Bella only because you were once his favorite daughter. Have you forgotten that?" 
The air was thick with tension.
The sensation of pain flooded Bella's senses.
Justin's eyes widened. The taste of blood surged up his throat.
He buried his head low and closed his red-rimmed eyes in agony as his chest felt heavy.
"It's okay." A whisper echoed in his ear.
Bella gripped his cold hands, her voice strained. "It's okay, Justin. It's all in the past."
It only pained him further to see her make light of her past hurt.
It took him until now to realize that his indifference and cruelty caused Bella to lose their only child and her privilege of being a mother.
He nearly left her damaged.
Mila, Sasha, and Celeste knew about the whole thing, but the rest of the family was left in the dark.
"Bella..." Amelia was the first to break into tears. Sensitive, she covered her mouth as tears rolled down her cheeks. In the end, she cried in Steven's arms.
While consoling Amelia, Steven teared up as well.
"Enough, Aaron!" Mila had an outburst.
"Dad wanted me to relay the message. Otherwise, I wouldn't even come here and waste my breath with you."
Aaron lifted his chin arrogantly and eyed Mila's discolored face. "Your actions are on you. No one forced you to take an oath. You begged and pleaded, nearly losing your life, to get help from Grandpa. You should take a hint instead of pushing your luck." 
He had no respect for his elders.
Aaron took pride in being part of the Larson family. He was highly favored in the family, so he could follow through with his words.
"Arnold is young and
impressionable. He doesn't know his
boundaries. If you really love him, dead him astray and put him in a difficult spot, Aunt Mila." 
Aaron scoffed and walked out.
"Hold it right there!"
Bella stopped him.
###chapter1613
Aaron stopped in his tracks.
His patience was tested.
Bella shook off Justin's arm and approached Aaron aggressively.
She raised her arm, her eyes bulging, and gave Aaron two slaps with all her might.
Everybody, including Justin, was stunned.
Even Aaron was taken aback by the sudden attack.
His burning cheek, buzzing ears, and bloodied lips woke him up from the trance. 'She slapped me?!'
"Bella!"
Feeling humiliated and angry, Aaron put his hand over his face and was on the verge of blowing up. Justin raced to Bella's side and held her tightly in his arms, his menacing gaze meeting Aaron's. Intimidated by Justin's piercing eyes, Aaron lost himself to fear for a moment.
"The first one is for Arnold. I don't care about your relationship with him, but he's like a brother to me. He's my friend! If you think you can walk out of here like nothing ever happened, you have to go through me." Bella commanded attention.
"Wow! You're amazing, Bella!" Sasha cried excitedly.
If no one would put Aaron in his place, Sasha was ready to make him pay.
"Bella..." Tears filled Arnold's eyes.
It was absurd.
Arnold had never received love in his family, but during his time with the Thompsons, he experienced care and validation like never before.
"The second slap is for Aunt Mila."
The pain Mila went through for Bella only fueled her to slap Aaron down from his high horse. "I don't care about your family rules. But this is my home, and Aunt Mila is my family How dare you insult her?! Did you think we wouldn't do anything about it? I went easy on you, but I'm not going to hold back if you put on that tough guy act again." 
She was domineering.
Justin's eyes sparkled as a wave of emotions overcame him, even though he was worried that Bella's hand might be hurting.
"You!"
Aaron was a highly educated elite. He had never been insulted.
He was above petty squabbles. Hence, he pointed at Bella's beautiful face, his voice strained. "You are indebted to my family. Yet, you have the nerve to raise your hand at me.
You're ungrateful! Your fami
bully!" 
is a
"Ungrateful?" Displeased, Justin said, "As you said, Mila begged your
grandfather for the drug. In other
velmet
words, Bella should be grateful.
Mila, in any case, your
grandfather. What does it have to do
with you?" 
Aaron pulled a long face.
Bella said sarcastically, "I'm indebted to your family? In that case, you should remove my uterus. I don't see the point of keeping it anyway. I don't want kids. You can take it!" "Psycho!"
Unable to win physically and verbally, Aaron ran away with his tail tucked between his legs.
###chapter1614
Arnold took one long, hard look at Bella before walking out of Yara Park without looking back.
Little did everybody know, Asher stood by the railing upstairs, gripping the bar tightly.
The pain of watching Arnold leave ripped his heart open.
Reaching a breaking point, Aaron stepped out of the house and spat out blood.
Bella sure did not hold back from hitting him.
Arnold curled his lips, but Aaron caught him in the act.
Aaron stared intently at Arnold. "Smile all you want now. Once we get home to Grandpa and Dad, you won't be smiling any longer."
Yara Park was missing some laughter due to Arnold's absence.
"Where was Wyatt when his woman was bullied?" Bella brewed with rage. "He should be the one to face his enemy."
Sasha replied, "Don't blame your father, Bella. He's hard at labor."
Everyone was lost for words.
Sasha was better off saying Wyatt was working or in the office.
She turned a business mogul into a laborer.
Bella's eyes widened. "Has he lost it? He hasn't given himself time to recover, and he's back at work already?! Arnold said he needed rest. What's with all the rush?" Though Bella was not saying the nicest things, her words reflected concern.
The mention of Arnold put everybody's spirits down.
Sasha sighed and put her arm around Mila's waist. "Why are the Larson's so stubborn, Mila? They are such a stick in the mud. Would it kill them to be open-minded?" 
"I'm not part of the Larson family, not since a long time ago.” Mila smiled wryly. "I should change my last name when I have time tomorrow." 
move.net
"Aunt Mila." Bella looked at her with a serious face. "What's going on? How did Aaron find out that Arnold was here?"
Mila bit her lips, her voice bearing emotions. "I told him."
The group was shocked. "Why?"
"I have my reasons. Don't worry. Even if Arnold goes back, he won't cut communications with you."
Mila's eyes flickered. "Arnold is no
longer a child. The Larson het
control him anymore. Once
retums to Meridan, you can fly to him
if you need anything."
Bella observed Mila's expression, getting the feeling that she was not upfront about everything.
Mila could have gotten Arnold removed a long time ago.
Why did she wait until now and react in the most drastic manner?
Amid Bella's contemplation, heavy footsteps approached.
Asher took strides to the door.
"Where are you going, Ash?" Bella cried.
Asher cocked his head back and spoke hoarsely, "I need to head out for a bit."
He then left the living room.
Bella was taken aback. She wondered if her eyes had deceived her.
Asher's eyes were red.
###chapter1615
After settling Mila down, Bella and Justin returned to their room.
Locking the door behind them, Bella was about to voice her concern when Justin held her and sealed her lips. Bella slowly closed her eyes and clung to him by wrapping her arms around his neck. She melted in his arms.
He carefully picked her up as if she would disappear out of his sight.
It was a deep, lingering kiss.
The air was filled with heavy panting and moaning. His breath, his skin beneath his clothes, and his tongue engulfed all of Bella's senses.
When the long kiss nearly drained the air out of Bella's lungs, Justin restrained himself from taking things further and released her.
"I-It's the time of the month. I can't."
Sensing the change in Justin's body, Bella blushed and twirled his necktie around her finger. "If you want, I can help you in another way." Justin shook his head in tears and kissed her forehead, nose tip, and the corner of her lips...
"Justin, you..."
"Does it still hurt here?"
Justin's shaky palm brushed against her flat stomach, and the warm sensation gave her the tingles.
Reading between the lines, Bella felt a lump in her throat. Still, she said with a faint smile, "It doesn't. The pain left me a long time ago."
"I'm an idiot. I'm the worst." Despite
his restraint, Justin could not stop the tears from rolling down his face.
"I still don't know the extent of the suffering you went through.
Sove one
to kneel before the Larsons
shouldn't have been Aunt Mila, but me." 
"What are you talking about? Why should you kneel to them?" Bella whined and knocked his forehead with her finger. "I was still out of it from the surgery. I had no idea what happened. Had I known Aunt Mila went to beg the Larsons, I would rather forgo my uterus than let her do that." 
The past still crept up on Bella. She came off harsh because she cared about Mila. "I know she did it for me, but if it came at the cost of her dignity, I would rather she didn't." Distressed, Justin caressed her face.
Back then, Bella begged him not to go through with divorce, but he cast her aside anyway. He was trampling on her dignity too.
All she wanted was to stay by his side.
"It's just strange. I can't shake off this strange feeling."
Bella changed the subject and put her finger on her chin in
contemplation. "Aunt Mila is acting strange, and so is Arnold. Ash is not himself either. I have a feeling that Aunt Mila and Ash are hiding something from us." 
Justin gave it some thought and replied, "Maybe something is going on with the Larson family, and they didn't want us involved. Asher is close to Dr. Larson. He must be upset that Dr. Larson is gone." "They are close."
Heck, Bella believed they were never seen without each other.
Arnold would lean close to Asher to talk and make him laugh, like they were lovers.
###chapter1616
Well, Bella was not one to pry into her brother's relationships. Otherwise, she would be keeping an eye on Asher and Arnold's blossoming love.
"I didn't expect Aaron to burst into the place and act cocky, though." Justin carried Bella to the sofa to sit down. With Bella sitting on his lap, Justin put his hand on her belly and gave her a gentle rub. He narrowed his eyes at the thought of the earlier confrontation.
Thank goodness Bella was not on the losing end. Otherwise, Justin would have a say about it.
"Hmph! I smacked him back into his place."
Bella hung her arms around the neck of his neck and nuzzled up to his neck, her warm breath against his skin sending fire to his loins.
"The Larsons are cocky for a few reasons. They've been on a roll lately, with several successful medical research projects under their belt. I heard they are close to developing a new drug for Parkinson's. Once they succeed, their pharmaceutical empire will become global. Their wealth will grow exponentially. Their success fuels their arrogance. Our achievements are nothing compared to theirs, even with our families put together."
"I can understand them getting carried away by success, but they should only gloat when that happens."
Justin smirked. "Salvador Corporation doesn't dabble in anything pharmaceutical, but I know it takes countless experiments to develop a drug. There are a lot of bureaucratic tapes to go through. It's too early to determine whether the Larsons can handle the stress that comes with success."
"Aunt Mila has been with him for many years. I bet Wyatt feels bad that he can't make Aunt Mila his wife. The Larsons took advantage of that fact and sent Aaron to do a little manipulating."
Bella slapped her thigh in frustration. "Wyatt doesn't give himself a break. I'm mad that he went to work before he was cleared. Why do we even bother about him when he doesn't take care of himself?" "Don't worry, Bella. Quentin is there to look out for him. Wyatt will be fine."
Justin gave her a squeeze. "It's early. Why don't you take a little nap? We can pick Wyatt up when you wake up, okay?"
Bella kissed him, her eyes reflecting relief and joy.
...
Although all was looking well with Wyatt at KS Group's headquarters in Hatchbay, he had not quite bounced back yet.
However, he had to show up to instill
the
the employees
before
encouraged his enemies
to stir panic. Content belo
After a round of inspection and a board d to
hang, Wyatt did not s
hieunch and swiftly returned to
for rest. 
ent belongs
He took off his jacket and sank his back on the sofa. Sweat drenched his shirt as he felt drained.
"How do you feel, Chairman Thompson? Are you alright?" Quentin rushed over with water and medicine for Wyatt.
"I think this is it for me, Quentin." Wyatt smiled wryly.
It felt like a gut punch to Quentin. "Don't say that. You had a stroke. You'll be fine if you keep up with the treatment. You're at an age where illnesses are not avoidable. Logan often gets admitted to the hospital. I heard that Lance has cardia@issues. He's a frequent visitor at the hospital too. I doubt he's healthier than you. Don't give up on yourself." 
"Logan is pretty old. How can you compare me to him?"
Wyatt frowned. "Hmph! As for Lance, he deserves it."
Quentin smiled faintly without saying another word.
"I'm not trying to scare you, but I honestly think my health has been on the decline since my last attack."
###chapter1617
Wyatt barely had a good hold of his glass. "It's time I updated my will."
Quentin felt a lump in his throat. "Chairman Thompson."
"Don't be alarmed. It's the same with business moguls all around the world. I should get a will in order at this age, just in case."
Wyatt looked solemnly at Quentin. "I can't tell Mila, Sasha, and Celeste because they are too kind to handle it. I can't let the children know either. I might be surrounded by power and riches, but I have caused them a lot of pain. I know my faults. I can only talk to you about it. I trust you."
Quentin uttered in distress, "You told me that you want to watch your children build their families and empires. You want to hold your grandchildren...”
"That's going to be a long wait. Ash, Axel, Ralph, and Drew are either focused on their work or being bachelors. They just won't stop pissing me off."
Wyatt sighed. "Now that I think about it, only Bella takes marriage seriously. It's a shame="
Quentin's phone vibrated, and he took the call.
Seconds later, he grimaced. "Got it."
Wyatt asked, "What happened?"
"Chairman Thompson." Quentin paused. "Mr. Christopher Iverson is here. He's downstairs."
Wyatt gnashed his teeth, his face falling.
"If you don't want to see him, I'll go to the lobby and refuse him."
"He can come up."
Quentin was surprised. "Chairman Thompson, we can't figure Mr. Iverson out. You have only
better. Don't force you t
"I need to see him."
Wyatt put the glass heavily on the coffee table, his emotions hiding behind his eyes. "He's here as the CEO of the Iverson Group, not the heir of the Iverson family. Times have changed, so I can't refuse his visit Besides, he is cunning. He shows up to visit the moment I get better. That's spying. If I decline to meet with him, it will give him something to talk about and
speculate about." 
Ten minutes later, Christopher, dressed in a tailored suit, entered Wyatt's office, bearing a gift.
"Congratulations on your recovery, Wyatt." Christopher grinned warmly. He acted like nothing ever happened between them.
"Thank you, Mr. Iverson. I'd prefer if
you addressed me as Chairman Thompson or Mr. Thompson." Wyatt sat behind the desk, looking sharp and authoritative as always. 
Christopher's smile broadened. "Wyatt."
Wyatt furrowed his brows.
Christopher was such a rebel.
He did the opposite of what Wyatt asked for on purpose.
"You might be discharged from the hospital, but you don't look too good. You are breathless when you talk."
With his eyes glistening maliciously, Christopher inched closer to Wyatt. "The stroke must have gotten you in bad shape this time."
###chapter1618
The air was thick with tension.
Wyatt's expression was icy. "Do you wish I didn't get better, Mr. Iverson?"
Christopher responded with a smile, "You're imagining it, Wyatt. Why would I be so narrow-minded? You're Bella's father, and Bella is the love of my life. I sincerely hope you remain in the best of health and live long."
Quentin looked Christopher dead in the eye with furrowed brows.
Christopher sounded concerned, but nothing good ever came out of his mouth.
"You're stubborn, Mr. Iverson."
Wyatt tensed up under his suit, but his words were biting. "But your stubbornness is becoming an obsession. I told you that you can't force romance. Bella is a proud woman. You can pull all the stops, but she will never look your way if she's not interested."
The smile on Christopher's face froze as humiliation washed over him.
"Everybody knows that Bella is dating Justin now, and they are talking about marriage. No one can come between them."
Wyatt talked about Justin with affection.
It sounded like Wyatt and Justin were close.
The father-in-law seemed to be getting along with the son-in-law.
Hit with resentment, Christopher was about to say something when Wyatt snapped. "You're no longer the little boy who followed my daughter around. Bella has Justin now. It's inappropriate of you to call her the love of your life."
Wyatt even gave Christopher a stern warning right outside Yara Park.
This time, he crushed Christopher's last hope.
Christopher gritted his teeth and narrowed his eyes dangerously.
A while later, he smiled. "I don't expect you to remember all the nice things have done, but you don't need to be so cold and heartless to your lifesaver. Besides, I have always respected you." 
Lifesaver?
Wyatt and Quentin were taken aback.
lifesavin
"Didn't Bella tell you that I brought drug when you were unconscious and showing
of waking up? The drug sa ne
life." 
Christopher smiled faintly. "Come to think of it, she wouldn't tell you. She will only remember the good in Justin."
Wyatt's cheeks burned with shame and rage.
The manipulation frustrated Wyatt, and he broke out in a cold sweat.
"If you did it, thank you."
line
"I know that your illness is serious. You can suffer, numbness and paralysis in the later stages. Having been successful all your life, you certainly don't want to let the disease get the better of you. While you were battling your illness, your family was in distress. Bella couldn't stop crying, and I felt bad for her."
Christopher sighed. 
Wyatt's arms on the armchair trembled, and his composed expression stiffened.
Anxiety gnawed at Quentin.
"How about a deal for the sake of you and your family?" Christopher nudged his glasses up and smiled wickedly.
Wyatt said in a chilling tone, "What do you want?”
###chapter1619
"I know feelings can't be forced. I love Bella, but I never forced her to be with me. As her most devoted suitor, I can't stand Bella dating a monster like Justin.”
With a grimacing look, Christopher put a box on the table. "Inside is the drug that saved you. The three syringes should be enough to stabilize your condition. The drug can't be obtained easily, even with money. It's hard enough to get one syringe, much less three. The only thing you need to do is promise me that Bella will not marry Justin. I can guarantee that you will get a supply of this drug for many years to come, and you will live long."
Christopher's eyes flickered with ruthlessness. "I will give my blessing to whoever Bella marries, just not Justin."
Wyatt's hand shook violently as his world turned upside down. "Are you threatening me, Christopher? Are you asking me to sacrifice my daughter's happiness to save my own life? You are so full of yourself. So what if I have blood clots clogging blood flow? Even if I have cancer, I will never destroy Bella's happiness just to live a few more years. Why would I live for her to hate me? Show him the door, Quentin!" Quentin approached with a scowl. "This way, please, Mr. Iverson."
Christopher grabbed the box on the table with a scoff and narrowed his eyes at Wyatt's discolored face. "I'm only doing this for Bella's own good, Chairman Thompson. Your indulgence will only harm your beloved daughter."
"Please leave, Mr. Iverson." Even Quentin was livid.
"You shouldn't be quick to decline. You should think more about yourself and keep your options open. One day, you'll regret turning my offer down."
Christopher turned around, his smile not reaching his eyes. "I might not give you the drug even if you beg then."
He then took off.
Once the door closed, Wyatt could not stop the emotions from riding rough through him.
"Q-Quentin, the meds!"
Not long after Christopher left the office, he ran into Bella and Justin.
A slow unease settled over the corridor.
"What are you doing here, Christopher?" With her internal alarm bells ringing off the charts, Bella confronted him with rage.
"I heard of Wyatt's hospital discharge, so I brought him a gift and visited him."
Christopher tucked away his malice and looked sincere. "Besides, I'm the CEO of the Iverson Group now. f.call the shots in the company. I came here to talk about future business opportunities." 
Justin lowered his gaze to the medicinal box in his hand.
He had a bad feeling.
"Visit? I think you're up to no good."
Bella's eyes burned with rage. "If you don't want to die, get away from me. KS Group will never partner with the Iverson Group! You better hold onto your family's empire before strip everything off you." 
Bella then shoved him out of the way and took Justin's hand to move along. Christopher's back hit the cold wall as the emotional turmoil overwhelmed him.
"Dad!"
"Wyatt!"
The couple walked into the office to find Wyatt lying on the sofa in pain. Quentin kneeled on one knee by his side kneading his body to ease his agony. 
###chapter1620
"What happened, Quentin? What's wrong with Dad?" Bella sat by the sofa and held her father's cold hand, her heart going out to him.
"I'm fine, Bella." Wyatt pulled himself together to smile at his daughter.
Panic stirred within Bella. "You're fine? You're whiter than Casper the Friendly Ghost!"
The three men were lost for words.
The tension in the air somehow dissolved into something comical.
Bella asked indignantly, "Why was Christopher here? Did he get you worked up?"
Wyatt and Quentin said nothing.
"I saw Christopher holding a box, Chairman Thompson. Did you threaten you with a drug?" Justin's eyes flickered.
Quentin murmured, "Mr. Iverson brought a drug and said Chairman Thompson was able to get better because of him. He came to set up a deal with Chairman Thompson. If Chairman Thompson agrees to his terms, he can guarantee a supply of drugs. Chairman Thompson isn't quite himself yet, and Mr. Iverson's aggression only rubbed him the wrong way. Chairman Thompson took his medicine in time, and he's feeling better now."
Bella asked, "What are the terms?"
Wyatt glared at Quentin.
Quentin made things vague. "He talked about a partnership. The terms do not matter. The thing is his arrogance. His ugly attitude is showing."
Bella squeezed her father's hand. "Justin and I ran into him just now, Dad. He acted innocently with us. Don't be scared. We'll sort out the drug. Don't listen to him. If he can acquire the drug, so can we." The sight of his daughter's angry and adorable face made Wyatt forget all the pain.
It was true that he wanted to live a few more days for Bella's sake.
Justin drew a deep breath and said, "I need to step out to make a phone call. I'll be right back."
In the basement parking lot, Christopher, with Taylor in tow, walked grimly to his ride.
"Mr. Iverson, Wyatt sure acts like he's above us."
Behind Christopher, Taylor whined, "He can't hang on much longer. Yet he doesn't want to accept your grace. Hmph! It's only a matter of time before he comes crawling back to you." 
"It's alright. Even if he doesn't beg
me, I don't
want to take advantage
of an old man on his deathbed.
set
elove net
Christopher smirked. "Besides, it
makes no difference whether he takes the drug. He's just
experiencing different levels of pain." 
"Christopher."
A husky, stern voice boomed.
Christopher stopped and looked back.
Justin stood proudly a few steps away from him, his eyes burning with rage.
###chapter1621
Christopher's gaze was cold and filled with murderous intent, and his pale lips pursed tightly into a straight line.
Seeing that the intimidating Justin was walking toward them, Taylor, ever the dutiful underling, immediately stepped up while glaring at him.
"Mr. Salvador, this is the Thompson family's territory. Do you intend to make a fuss here? Aren't you afraid of embarrassing Chairman Thompson and Ms. Thompson?"
Justin's eyes glinted with a cold light, his thin lips curling up indifferently. "Get lost."
"Mr. Christopher, please get into the car. I'll handle this!"
However, before Taylor could put on a tough act, he suddenly felt numbness in his arm, followed by excruciating pain spreading throughout his body. He felt the world spin before his eyes!
"Ah!"
Justin's expression was chilling. He did not move, merely grabbing Taylor's arm and flipping him over.
Taylor was thrown into the air with a backflip, then he landed heavily on his back. He screamed out in pain, unable to get up even if he wanted to.
Justin did not even lower his gaze. He lifted his long legs and stepped over the crumpled figure on the ground.
Every nerve in Christopher's body tensed up, his exquisite features shrouded in a dark shadow.
Just as Justin was closing in on him, four bodyguards from the Iverson Group hurriedly arrived to shield him.
Oh, he almost forgot.
This venomous viper was no longer the abandoned chess piece looming around the Iverson family. He was their CEO now, and his entourage had to reflect that status. Christopher gritted his teeth. "Get him!"
The four bodyguards immediately lunged at Justin, waving their fists!
However, Justin remained expressionless, moving as swiftly as lightning, his fists fast and strong. The four burly bodyguards seemed as if they were made of paper-fragile and unable to withstand a blow. After all, Justin had graduated from the military academy at the top of his class.
Finally, it was Christopher's turn to face him.
The two men swung their fists at the same time, slicing through the air with a whooshing sound, fierce and ruthless.
Christopher's eyes widened. He
had
done
but it was just hard for
up. .
"Ugh!"
100
A gap appeared in his defense, and Christopher's vision suddenly went black.
A heavy fist, as hard as iron, fiercely landed on his face, striking him to the ground.
"Mr. Christopher!" Taylor was scared out of his wits, crawling to his boss desperately. Christopher gasped in pain, tasting the metallic blood in his mouth.
with fair
His ever he suit was stained horrifying red gash. Con
hair was messy, was marred with a
belongs
"Mr. Christopher... Your, your face...!" Looking at the injury on his face, Taylor was dumbfounded.
Christopher panted as he lifted his trembling hand to touch his face.
What appeared in his sight was his bloody palm.
How could this be the type of injury caused just by fists?!
At this moment, Justin stood over him, looking down at him as if he were looking at a filthy dog.
Justin's eyes were filled with a sharp coldness, and he cracked his neck, raising his right arm with a sneer.
At some point, Justin had wrapped his metal watch band around his knuckles, which was why it caused so much damage.
The watch was still smeared with Christopher's blood.
Justin only felt that it was disgusting, casually flinging away the branded watch that was worth millions, as if he were afraid of catching a vile disease. 
###chapter1622
"Justin... You're really despicable!" Christopher gritted his teeth, his blood-stained lips twitching.
"Despicable? I'm merely giving you a taste of your own medicine."
Justin's eyes narrowed. "Christopher, anyone can play dirty tricks and backstab people. I just couldn't care less to use such methods against you. I don't want to become a venomous snake like you. However, the condition was that you could not touch Bella or her family. Otherwise, the beating you got today will be nothing compared to the pain I'll inflict on you in the future, which will be a hundred times worse." After that, Justin turned around arrogantly and walked away without waiting for Christopher to react.
"Mr. Christopher! I'll immediately call over some reinforcements. We'll avenge you!" Taylor had never seen his boss suffer such humiliation, almost shedding angry tears.
Christopher's body trembled, and he spat on the ground.
With a soft thud, a tooth from the left side of his mouth fell out, showing how ruthless Justin had been.
"Even if you call ten more men, they won't be a match for him."
Christopher used all his strength to stand up, the corner of his lips suddenly curling into a creepy, terrifying smile, like a demon that had crawled out of hell.
"Don't be anxious. There is always someone better than him. Even if he doesn't fall into my hands, someone else will make him wish he were dead. They will bring him to utter ruin!"
When Justin returned, Wyatt's complexion looked much better. Bella was feeding Wyatt sliced apples.
Justin came into the room, bringing with him a chilling sense, his breathing uneven.
Bella's beautiful eyes narrowed slightly, and she joked, "What took you so long? Did your phone fall into the toilet?"
Justin said gently, "Sorry, Bella. Something urgent came up, so it took longer."
"Ms. Bella, let me." Quentin sensed that the couple needed to talk, so he tactfully took the fruit plate from Bella.
But Wyatt was suddenly insensitive at this time, glancing sideways at Quentin and grumbling, "Look at you. It's rare for my daughter to pamper me. Can't you let me enjoy this treatment? Why would you choose this time to show how hardworking you are?"
Quentin could only smile wryly, as if he were looking at an old child.
Bella and Justin could not help but laugh, chasing away the gloom caused by Christopher.
The couple walked into an adjacent room, where emotions and lust ran high.
Bella pressed close, her soft breasts tightly pressing against the man's still-heaving chest, and she lifted her fair leg, pressing her knee against his leg.
Her sparkling eyes carried a predatory gleam.
Justin felt his mouth go dry. His throat bobbed, and his hand moved to the small of her back. "Bella, your father is just on the other side of this wall. You can't be thinking of doing it here..." 
"Ugh, why's your head filled with such perverted thoughts?" Bella lowered her voice, flicking Justin's forehead.
"I was never like this before."
Justin's large hands traveled up from her waist to the back of her neck, rubbing it gently. "But as long as I touched you, I couldn't hold it in. It's like I'm addicted to wanting you." 
Shameless, sweet talk rolled off his tongue so smoothly.
Bella's face flushed, and her heart thumped as she punched his chest playfully. "What were you doing just now?" Justin pressed his lips together.
"You're still out of breath now. Are you so exhausted by a phone call?"
Bella narrowed her eyes, drawing circles on his chin with her fingertips. "Did you go to take a call or beat up a dog?"
"Smartass. I can't hide anything from you." Justin lowered his head and kissed the corner of Bella's lips.
"I know you're pissed off too, but we don't need to rush for revenge."
Bella took his hands, noticing his reddened knuckles, and gripped them tightly. "I'm more afraid you would get bitten by a venomous snake. It wouldn't be worth it." 
###chapter1623
"If Christopher could hurt me so easily, that'd make me a useless man. How could I protect you and your father then?"
Bella was moved. "Justin, Wyatt treated you horribly before... He humiliated you and hit you. But you repay him with kindness... How do you do it? If it were me, I might not have been so forgiving." "Your father punished me because he loved you."
Justin smiled casually, but his heart was bitter. "I should accept his punishment. I even feel that he was too lenient with me."
"Justin..." Bella's eyes reddened.
"Your father loves you very much, so I need to protect him well. I want my Bella to have all the love in the world. I will do my best to make you happy."
Justin thought, 'To repay what I owe you a thousand times, even ten thousand times.'
Bella held his face, tears brimming in her eyes. He kissed his thin lips fiercely, as if she wanted to devour him.
That day, Aaron took Arnold back to the Larson family. Arnold was placed under house arrest for three days. His phone was confiscated, and while he was given food and drinks, he could not take a step outside.
"Aaron! What is this?! This is illegal imprisonment!"
Arnold watched as the bodyguards installed an iron grille on his door frame, making his room a cage.
"Don't blame me. Dad asked me to do this."
Aaron coldly stared at him through the grille. "Dad is still on a business trip. He said you should stay in the room obediently before he comes back to deal with you. Don't think about going anywhere."
"I want to return to Meridan! I have unfinished work. Let me out!" Arnold's bloodshot eyes widened, and he shook the iron grille madly.
"You can't go anywhere. What don't you understand?"
Aaron looked at his brother with an annoyed expression. "Stop putting on an act in front of me. You're busy? Tsk, among the whole Larson family, you're the most useless irresponsible, and playful one. I'm willing to bet that the moment I let you out, you'll go running to the Thompson family! 
"I don't know if you fell in love with Bella or what but you even saved Wyatt! You're slapping Grandpa and Dad in the face. Do you think that our aunt being a mistress for Wyatt is something honorable? Are you eager to become his son-in-law as well?! Does every Larson have to go lick the Thompson family's boots? Don't we have any self-respect?!” 
Aaron got angrier as he talked! He had just finished icing his face this morning, and his cheeks were still swollen. It was all thanks to Bella.
Therefore, he vented all his frustrations at Arnold.
After all, that brat was the root cause. If Arnold had not shamelessly maintained a connection with the Thompson family, would Aaron have had to go there and get himself involved in a mess? It was utterly humiliating!
Arnold was burning with anxiety, his eyes almost spitting fire.
Aaron's words were not completely wrong.
Arnold stayed with the Thompson family because of the person he loved. But he did not want to marry Wyatt's daughters. He was interested in Asher.
If the Larsons knew the truth, it might not end with merely placing him under house arrest. They might destroy him.
"Aaron! I won't go to the Thompson family anymore! I swear!"
Realizing force would not work, Arnold tried to use a soft approach, pitifully blinking his eyes and rubbing his hands together. "Aaron, please... Just let me out. I was a fool. I sympathized with Aunt Mila and impulsively helped Chairman Thompson... I was wrong won't do it anymore! Please!" 
"Ha, brat. I'd rather believe that Jesus is still alive than believe your lies."
Aaron, having grown up with him, saw through Arnold completely. "How many times have you sworn since we were kids? You've never kept your word, so stop struggling and stay put!"
###chapter1624
It was late autumn in Savrow, and the sudden chill of the autumn wind was biting.
Asher did not return home for three days, staying in the church, praying and confessing before the altar over and over.
What was he confessing?
Was he confessing the usual crimes he committed while working as an underground mafia spokesperson?
Or was he confessing about falling in love with someone he should not have?
On the fourth day, it was as if Asher was possessed. Under the guidance of an invisible force, he found himself at the Larson family home.
He knew Arnold had settled in Meridan since he was a teenager and had no property in the country. He had nowhere else to go except for this house.
He was worried out of his mind. After enduring it for three days, he still came here.
Asher knew that, with his identity, he could only stand guard outside the gate like a statue.
He suddenly understood how Justin felt when he had braved the storm, insisting to wait outside Yara Park just to see Bella once. What a sad and heart-wrenching feeling it must have been.
Asher felt as if his gut was crushed. Bile surged up his throat, leaving only a bitter feeling in his mouth.
At this time, a convoy of luxury cars slowly drove over, stopping imposingly outside the Larson family house.
The driver and secretary escorted a tall and lean middle-aged man dressed in a suit out of the car.
Asher slightly furrowed his brows, recognizing the man as the current head of Larson Biotech and Mila's brother, Alvin Larson.
"Dad! You must be tired from the journey!" Aaron quickly rushed out to greet him, respectfully bowing.
"Hmm." Alvin nodded slightly, his expression cold. "Where is Arnold?"
"According to your orders, we've detained him. He's in his room now."
Aaron took the opportunity to bring down Arnold, venting the anger he had held inside for a few days.
"Dad, what Arnold did this time was indeed overboard. He ignored our family rules and even got so close to the Thompson family. If word got out, our years of persistence would become a joke. People would say we are hypocrites, pretending to steer clear of the Thompsons with strict family rules but secretly flattering them." 
Alvin suddenly halted his footsteps, curling his lips coldly. "In the future, it would be unknown who needs to flatter who."
"Dad, you are right. I heard Wyatt
was severely this time, barely hanging by a thread, so Aunt Mila anxiously came to us for help. Hmph, if this goes on, Wyatt won't live for long. When he's gone, KS Group will undoubtedly decline. At that time, we'll see if they can still act arrogantly!" Aaron grifted his teeth. 
Alvin glanced at him suspiciously. "I've never seen you bear such a heavy grudge toward the
Thompsons before. What
happened? Did they give you al net
time when you went to bring Arnold back?" 
Aaron's heart skipped a beat, cold sweat covering his forehead. "Of course not! How would they dare to touch someone from the Larson family?"
Just as the two men were about to enter the gate, Aaron suddenly felt a chill down his spine. He could not help but look back.
Alvin asked, "What's wrong?"
Aaron shivered. "Dad, someone dressed like a pastor seemed to be staring at our house. It's midnight, so it's a little creepy."
As it was dark at this late hour, he could not see Asher's face clearly.
Alvin frowned and looked back, but there was no one on the street across from them.
Aaron was surprised. "Huh? Where did he go? He was still here just now."
"Aaron, I can see that you've been tired recently. Get more rest." Alvin stepped inside. Aaron was speechless.
###chapter1625
Arnold was released from the "cage" and brought to the courtyard.
At this moment, everyone in the Larson household was gathered in the courtyard, forming a large crowd.
Arnold's tall and lean figure stood straight in the center of the courtyard. He looked at his father, who was leisurely drinking tea while seated in a chair. His brother was standing aside respectfully, along with the "audience" they summoned to watch the show.
A strong sense of discomfort churned in his stomach.
Beyond the wall lay the new century, but within this grand mansion was still an old feudal society.
When Arnold was young, he always felt sorry for his aunt, thinking that it was a waste for a noble daughter of the Larsons to escape from the family that gave her all the wealth and glory, even if it meant being ostracized.
But now, his heart was stirring with a desire to follow in his aunt's footsteps.
"Kneel," Alvin said coldly.
Arnold straightened his back, asking with a mocking smile, "Dad, we're not in medieval times anymore. We don't even need to kneel when meeting the President. Isn't it time for our family to change these outdated rules?"
Alvin's face stiffened.
Aaron scolded, "Arnold! You're the one who made a mistake and embarrassed the Larson family! Is this how you show remorse?!"
"You asked me to admit my mistakes, and I've admitted them. I've said everything I should say. From now on, never."
Never.
When Arnold said this, his heart ached painfully, as if his heart had been cruelly cut open.
"I won't go to the Thompson family ever again, and I will no longer interfere with their affairs. I've already relented to this extent. Why do you need to humiliate me like this?" His argument rendered the crowd deadly silent.
In the hierarchical Larson family, except for Old Master Larson, no one else dared to defy Alvin.
"Arnold, your closeness with the Thompson family has broken the bottom line of our Larson family. It's the gravest mistake!"
Aaron immediately jumped in to play
the villain "If Dad doesn't punish you
heavily will you remember your mistakes? Our family rules wil become a joke. Who else wilDfollow and respect them?!" 
"Tsk, so this is about making an example to the rest, huh?"
Arnold's mocking murmur thoroughly enraged Alvin.
At this moment, the butler brought over the tools used for punishing Arnold.
"Mr. Alvin."
The crowd gasped, and Arnold's heart tightened!
The butler held a whip and a thick, long wooden stick in his hands.
elife
"According to the family law, you will either be beaten until your skin ripped apart or have your legs, broken. Choose." Aaron looked at him coldly. 
Aaron did not seem to care that Arnold was his brother, born to the same mother.
This was always the case in the Larson family. They prioritized power, ability, and money. Familial ties were always dispensable.
Arnold's pupils widened in shock, and he burst into laughter.
"Interesting... How interesting! Today, I'll see what's up with your family rules."
Arnold laughed while shaking his head, his beautiful eyes tinged with red. "But our family is well-known in the medical field. Why does our family law include punishment tools as crude as whips and sticks?
bought a set of surgical knives back from Meridan. Why don't you just use those? It's more efficient!” 
###chapter1626
Before his words fell, Alvin suddenly stood up with a gloomy face and snatched the stick from the butler's hand, striding toward Arnold. "Ugh!"
Suddenly, a sharp pain shot through Arnold's legs. Two bodyguards had appeared behind him, hitting him with a stick and forcing him to kneel!
"You ungrateful brat! You made such a huge mistake, yet you still have the guts to joke around! You still dare to talk back?!"
Alvin widened his bloodshot eyes and swung his arm fiercely. The stick landed hard on Arnold's back, making a sickening thud that frightened the crowd! However, Arnold only groaned once.
The stick hit his back over and over as the two bodyguards held his arms, leaving him defenseless. Arnold was in so much pain that his stomach felt twisted. His vision gradually blurred, and the metallic taste of blood grew stronger in his throat.
But he refused to beg for mercy or lower his head.
The brutal beating made Aaron's heart jump with fear. He turned away, not daring to watch.
"The best do not need teaching; the mediocre need harsh teaching; and someone like you, who is useless and ungrateful, needs to be beaten!"
As Alvin's words fell, he lifted his arm high, then brought it down heavily!
The next second, a crisp sound rang out!
The stick that was a few inches wide had cracked into two pieces on Arnold's back.
The dead silence of the surrounding crowd was shattered by shocking gasps.
Arnold's handsome face was drained of blood and so pale that it was almost transparent. He felt as if he had fallen into an icy cave, uncontrollably trembling.
He bit down hard on his lower lip as blood stained his lips. It was a tragic and glaring sight.
"Dad!"
Aaron rushed over in a panic at this moment, lowering his voice nervously. "After this beating, you've vented your anger, and Arnold has received his lesson. Let's talk. If you continue beating him, it won't end well, especially with so many people watching. We can't explain it to Grandpa either."
In truth, Aaron was not concerned about his brother.
He only did this to protect his father's image.
Alvin froze, the other half of the stick slipping from his grasp. His palm was swollen and red. He was trembling slightly as he exerted too much force. "Ha... Hahaha..."
Arnold's tensed arms pressed
against the ground, and he lowered his head, hiding his expression but laughing mockingly. "How lame. Is it over already? Dad, you're really aging... You call this a family punishment? Are you just tickling me? Come on... I dare you to beat me to death!" 
"Bastard!"
Alvin was burning with anger, a vein bulging on his forehead. He threw the stick away with all his strength. "Even until now, you remain shameless and refuse to change?!" "Change? Why should I change... Why do I need to change?!"
As if his shattered bones had been reformed, Arnold gritted his teeth and struggled to stand up, his battered body swaying.
Everyone was stunned.
Even Alvin's expression changed instantly.
"I still don't understand... As a doctor, what did I do wrong..."
Arnold's narrow eyes were bloodshot. Every word coming out of his mouth was a piercing accusation, "A doctor should be
merciful, help the weak, and saven et
people. This is what Grandpa
taught me since I was a child. Until now, the plaque with the words 'Heal the World' is still hanging in Grandpa's study. I thought that was our family law! 
"I didn't expect the family law to become an excuse for you to vent your personal grudges! In your eyes, Chairman Thompson is an enemy. But tome, he's just a patient! What wrong did I do by treating a O patient?!" 
Arnold's stubborn and unyielding temper was much like that of his aunt, Mila.
His passionate defense left the crowd stunned but deeply impressed.
Alvin's face turned red from anger, his eyes flashing with rage. "Bring Arnold back to his room! Without my orders, nobody is allowed to let him out!"
After the ruthless beating, Arnold's pristine white shirt was in shreds, exposing his swollen and red skin, which was once pale and fair. Even the bodyguards at his door could not bear to look.
###chapter1627
"Mr. Arnold, the Larson family's private doctor is on his way now. Please hold on a little longer..."
"Ha... Doctors are something we never lack."
Arnold stood with his back against them, his voice carrying a cold defiance. "I'm also a doctor. I know my body better than anyone else. Get out!"
The bodyguards had no choice but to bow and leave.
The moment the door closed, Arnold collapsed to the floor, finally vomiting out a mouthful of blood he had been forcefully suppressing in his chest, which stained the luxurious carpet. "It hurts... It hurts so much..."
He curled up in pain, rolling around on the floor as beads of sweat mingled with his tears, streaming down his pale face.
When he was beaten, he was too angry to feel any pain, as if he was in a state of invincibility.
But now, when he was alone, the pain of broken bones and torn flesh spread throughout his body.
"Ugh... It's so painful..."
Arnold was a grown man, but at this moment, he looked so pitiful as he gritted his teeth with tears streaming down his face. "Asher... I miss you so much... I miss you..."
He could no longer distinguish whether his tears were from the beating or because of his longing for Asher.
However, what Arnold did not know was that right behind the Larson family house, Asher stood straight in the cold wind, his dark eyes unknowingly becoming moist and red...
In the end, Asher could not resist picking up his phone to call Arnold.
Listening to the automated message of Arnold's phone being turned off, Asher felt his heart ache.
Perhaps it was for the best...
Stubbornly holding on to something that was destined to have no outcome would only hurt them.
Trembling, Arnold took off his tattered shirt and changed into clean pajamas.
The wounds on his back prevented him, who loved to be clean, from taking a bath. He could only force himself to get a wet towel and wipe the dirt off his body while enduring the pain. 
At this moment, he genuinely felt happy for his aunt to be able to f
a life in a warm and loving lamang
the Thompsons. He did not even
like
dare to dream of it. 
"From now on... Never..."
Arnold's pale and dry lips murmured, and he fiercely threw the towel into the basin, causing water to splash out.
"As! If!"
He did not want to give up.
So what if Asher kept refusing him and pushing him away?
If Asher took a thousand steps back, Arnold would just walk a thousand and one steps toward him.
Arnold did not want this family
anymore, and he did not care about
anything in Meridan. He just wanted Asher. God, please grant me this one wish for the sake of the many lives I've saved!' 
Arnold could not fall asleep from the pain, so he opened the window to his balcony, letting the chilly night breeze blow over him.
The chill slightly eased his pain.
"The moonlight tonight is so beautiful. As beautiful as Asher..."
Arnold gazed at the moon hanging in the night sky, smiling foolishly, his eyes full of Asher's handsome face.
When he was young, he remembered that Aunt Mila used to recite a poem. He vaguely remembered one line, which was fitting for this moment.
"May I be like the stars and you the moon..."
Downstairs, Asher also raised his head to look at the moon. His thin lips parted, moving in a silent response. "Lighting up each other's lives every night." After a long sigh, Asher turned and walked toward his car.
At this moment, Arnold withdrew his gaze from the moon and looked down.
###chapter1628
Arnold recognized Asher's towering figure.
All the blood in Arnold's body gathered in his trembling heart. He gripped the balcony rail tightly, continuously leaning out as far as he could, wishing to jump down.
That outstanding figure, attracting his heart immediately, could not be anyone other than Asher!
"Asher... Asher! Asher!"
Arnold screamed with all his might.
Unfortunately, they were too far apart.
A strong wind picked up, and it was already hard for Arnold to breathe, being severely injured. His weak voice was scattered by the wind the moment it left his lips, leaving no chance to reach Asher. "Asher! Are you deaf?! Look back... Look back! I'm right behind you..."
When he shouted the last few words, they were hoarse and broken, barely audible.
Arnold could only watch as Asher got into his black sports car, started the engine, and disappeared into the night in the blink of an eye.
"Bastard! Can't you wait for me a little longer?!”
As if his soul were sucked out of his body, Arnold slumped down on the floor, panting heavily, tears falling down his face. "Asher... Why can't you wait for me... Take me with you..."
It was late at night in the study.
Alvin explained Arnold's situation to Old Master Larson over the phone.
Knowing that he punished Arnold with the family law, Old Master Larson was obviously dissatisfied. Although he did not chew Alvin out, his tone was disapproving.
"Arnold is a skilled doctor, and he's renowned in Meridan's neurosurgery field! Even I've heard of his achievements. You must have heard too, right?"
Alvin gritted his teeth. "Naturally, I
have. But Dad, Arnold broke the family rules with his recent actions and disregarded the Larson family's image, which was outrageous. If don't punish him heavily, there's no guarantee he won't do something ridiculous in the future, turning us into a laughingstock." 
"Cough... You can totally use other methods to punish him. There's no need to hurt his body."
Old Master Larson's tone was stern.
"We only have Arnold and Aaron in
the third generation now. You groomed Aaron into a businessman, and he had completely given up his medical skills. You haven't
performed surgeries for over al net
decade. You were focusing on managing the lab, research center, and hospitals and thriving in the business field. Currently, the only person who could really inherit my legacy is Arnold. If you cripple him, the Larson family will have no successor and does not deserve to be known as a medical family!" 
"But, Dad..."
"I know why you're so hard on Arnold."
Old Master Larson's voice fell, carrying a hint of warning. "Alvin, so many years have passed. Has your resentment not yet faded?"
Alvin's expression stiffened. "Dad, what resentment could I have? Even if I do, it's because the kids are grown now and refuse to listen to me. I'm afraid they will cause trouble and affect our family name."
"Alvin, no matter how much I hate Wyatt, my precious daughter still ended up with him and bore children for him. Their children all turned out to be outstanding. Mila spent twenty years in the Thompson family, and I've never heard of any rumors of discord between her and that old man. It shows that Wyatt treated her well." 
"Dad..."
"I know you've always liked Mila."
Old Master Larson's words struck a nerve at the most hidden corner of Alvin's heart.
He pursed his pale lips tightly, his hand at the side clenching hard.
"Although you are my adopted son and have no blood ties to Mila, she will always be your sister. No matter in the past or present, there is no possibility between the both of you."
###chapter1629
The same "death sentence" from twenty years ago was given to him once again by Old Master Larson.
"I'm eighty now. I've had a major illness and I've come to understand that even if I keep these old grudges, they are beyond my control now."
Old Master Larson coughed a few times, but his tone had undeniable authority. "From now on, don't punish Arnold because of Mila and the Thompson family's matter. It's enough for us to have no interaction with the Thompsons on the surface.
"KS Group dominates in Hatchbay, and Wyatt's children are all coming to their own. I heard his precious daughter, Bella, is already discussing marriage with the Salvador Corporation's president in Savrow. If the two families unite, anyone who goes against them will be doomed.
"If you provoke the Thompson family too much, even if Wyatt ignores you, Mila and those children might take you up. I've worked all my life. I don't want to see my children turn against each other in my old age. Just let it go."
The call ended.
"Dad... You're willing to let Mila become Wyatt's mistress with no legal title, being subjected to gossip, rather than fulfilling my wish?"
Alvin's expression was gloomy and pale, like a statue about to crack in the cold. "Is it because I am adopted? Do you think I don't deserve your biological daughter?"
Suddenly, someone urgently knocked on the door.
Soon after, Aaron ran in anxiously. "Dad! Shit! Arnold escaped through the window!"
Alvin's pupils contracted.
He immediately rushed to Arnold's room with the butler and secretary.
The balcony window was wide open, and the cold night breeze blew in, sending a chill down everyone's spine!
"Did you search everywhere?!" Alvin's voice trembled with panic.
"We have!"
Aaron was stammering in fear. "We don't see him anywhere. Under the stairs, the back garden... Nowhere!"
Nowhere.
It meant Arnold did not die and had indeed escaped. How fortunate!
"His room is on the fifth floor. How did he jump down?" Alvin stood on the balcony and looked around.
The butler said, "I've sent someone to investigate. Mr. Arnold must've jumped to the opposite tree and slid down the trunk. There were a few broken branches under the tree." "He's mad! Does he want to fall to his death?!" Alvin's shock turned to anger, and he slammed the railing, his palm throbbing in pain.
His son was stubborn and fearless, unafraid of any cages or oppressive power.
Since the day Christopher came over with the medicine and flaunted it, provoking them, Justin immediately set off for Meridan with lan's
accompaniment to purchase.
precious medication for Chel.no
Thompson. 
Bella wanted to go with him, but Justin did not want her to tire herself out. So he advised her to stay at Yara Park and spend time with Chairman Thompson.
On the private plane to Meridan, Justin used his laptop to search for detailed information about the medication.
lan brought a cup of coffee and
fet
placed it gently in front of him. "Mr. Salvador, you've not rested since you boarded the plane. You've been either reviewing documents or researching. Take a break. Your eyes are turning red." 
"If you're tired, you can rest first." Justin lowered his eyes, picked up the coffee cup, and took a sip.
lan sighed. "Actually, you can just assign me to this task. It would be better for you to spend more time with Young Madam. Why go to the trouble of traveling so far?"
"Christopher, that venomous snake,
is cunning, calculative, and full of
l.ne
lies. But he said this medicine is a proprietary research patent of Meridan, only available to royalty and the highest nobility, which was the truth." 
Justin leaned back tiredly, his neck stretching into a graceful line. "So I can't take this lightly. I must go in person to have any chance of success."
###chapter1630
"Even a scumbag like Christopher was able to get it. Isn't it a sure thing for you?" lan was confident in his boss.
Justin frowned deeply, not commenting.
After arriving in Meridan, Justin wasted no time. He used all his connections and even personally met government officials in charge of the medical industry, but the response was always the same. They could not get it.
"Mr. Salvador, this special medication for treating cerebral thrombosis is produced in very limited quantities each year, and they are all tracked and recorded. I'm sorry for letting you leave with empty hands after traveling so far, but there's nothing I can do..."
After hanging up the phone, Justin gripped his phone tightly, almost crushing the screen.
"Fuck... We are restricted abroad!"
lan huffed indignantly, "Mr. Salvador, even your handsome face is useless here!"
Justin was speechless.
At this moment, his face was indeed handsome, cold, and stern.
"Mr. Salvador, what should we do now?"
lan's brows furrowed as he was deep in thought. He suddenly yelled, "Oh, I have an idea!"
Justin's eyes lit up. "Tell me."
"Aren't you quite close with Young Madam's fourth brother, Drew
FOURTH
Brown? You are old pals and military buddies. He's a top-notch special agent with extraordinary skills. Why don't you ask him to sneak into the pharmaceutical research center and steal a set for you?" 
As his words fell, lan looked smug, thinking he had come up with a brilliant idea. 'Oh, I'm a genius!'
"You want my wife's brother to risk getting caught and executed to steal the medicine for me?"
Justin lowered his head, his eyes flashing with a cold glint. "Do you think he's Robin Hood?"
lan sweated. "No, that's not what I meant..."
"I'm doing this to help Bella, but instead, I'm dragging her family down and putting them in danger. Do you think I have no conscience or I'm just stupid?"
But truthfully speaking, if it were Drew... He might actually pull it off.
lan smiled dryly, sweat drenching his back. "No, Mr. Salvador... I don't mean it like that... Just forget I said anything."
The plane fell into silence.
After a while, Justin took a deep breath, as if he had made a huge decision. "There's only one way left."
lan observed his expression and was suddenly shocked. "You want to ask Mr. Grant for help?!"
Justin's eyes were calm without
ripples, but his heart tightened. "Although Chairman Thompson's condition was temporarily stable that day, it was not optimistic. If we can't get the medicine soon, he'll definitely relapse, and it will become a ticking bomb. Another episode would be too much for KS and Bella. Grant is familiar with everything here and has close personal ties to the Reeds. He might have even deeper connections we don't know of. With his help, we might have a slim chance." 
lan huffed. He was trying to stir trouble before. Haven't you noticed? If you go pleading with him now, aren't you giving him leverage over you? Wouldn't he be even more smug?!" 
Justin shook his head slightly. "It doesn't matter. Now, there's nothing else more important than saving Bella's father."
After that, Justin dialed Grant's number.
###chapter1631
After a few rings, the call connected.
"Justin, I'm truly surprised and delighted you called me." Grant's voice remained as gentle and kind as ever, with a hint of feebleness.
"Grant, how have you been lately?"
Despite his usual straightforward nature, Justin felt compelled to make small talk since he needed a favor.
"Everything's been the same as always. I'm surviving on so much medication. They're making me lose so much hair." Grant then jokingly said, "Justin, do you think I'll be bald like a monk the next time we meet?"
"Grant, I'm actually in Meridan right now." Justin's tone turned serious, showing no interest in cracking jokes.
"Oh? Really? When did you arrive?"
"Two nights ago."
Justin took a deep breath and spoke in a low voice, "Grant, I have an urgent matter and need your help. Can we meet up?"
That evening, Justin and lan headed to the address Grant had sent them.
Throughout the journey, Justin's jaw remained tense.
Although they were half-brothers and had a good relationship during their childhood, as the elder brother, Grant had taken care of Justin in many ways despite not sharing the same mother.
However, they had not seen each other for more than a decade. Besides, they rarely interacted except during holidays and special occasions. To Justin, his elder brother felt more like a distant relative than someone close. But Justin respected him more than anything else.
"We're here, Mr. Salvador!"
Deep in thought, Justin slowly lifted his gaze.
Before him stood an impressive traditional mansion in a serene and secluded area.
"Wow... This is magnificent, not at all inferior to the Thompsons' Yara Park!"
lan was in awe, his mouth agape. "It seems Young Master Grant has been living pretty well abroad. This mansion must have cost a fortune, probably billions!" "Nonsense."
Justin pressed his lips together, his childish competitiveness surfacing. "Nothing can compare to Bella's home."
Realizing his blunder, lan scratched his head awkwardly.
Justin was deeply in love with his wife, cherishing even the smallest things about her. To him, everything about her was the best.
lan quickly got out of the car and respectfully opened the door for his boss.
Justin stepped out, fastening the middle button of his suit jacket. Suddenly, a delicate fragrance of orchids enveloped him, soothing his tense mood. "Welcome, Mr. Justin. I'm sorry for not greeting you sooner."
A cool, gentle female voice greeted him.
Justin raised his eyes to see a slender woman with delicate shoulders and an elegant figure, clad in a white lab coat, approaching them.
"I'm Clarice Amaryllis, Mr. Grant's private doctor."
Clarice's eyes curled into a smile as she politely extended her hand to the man. "It's a pleasure to meet you, Mr. Justin."
With a sharp and unreadable gaze, Justin stared at her calmly.
Something about this woman felt familiar to him. However, despite searching his memory, he could not recall ever meeting her.
"Likewise."
Not wanting to be rude since she was associated with his brother, Justin shook her hand briefly, as if lingering any longer might cause a spark. "Mr. Grant has been waiting for you. Please come with me."
"Alright."
Pet
As lan moved to follow, Clarice abruptly stopped him. "I'm sorry, but only M. Grant's family and guests are allowed inside. Your secretary will have to wait outside." 
Upon hearing that, lan looked worriedly at Justin.
Justin then quietly said, "lan, wait for me in the car."
As Clarice turned away, her previously smiling eyes turned icy.
Watching the woman lead Justin away, lan felt an unusual distress as he stared at her elegant back.
As they were walking through the winding corridor, Justin's gaze remained on Clarice, his suspicions growing.
As she walked, her clothing fluttered, and the faint scent of orchids lingered around him.
"Ms. Amaryllis, your perfume smells
really nice, May I ask which brand it
is?" Typically indifferent to such
things, Justin found himself
unusually curious about the
perfume. 
Ine
With a teasing smile, Clarice looked back at Justin, her eyes inviting. "Does someone as busy as you also take an interest in women's fragrances?" 
"Well, I wasn't interested in it before, but now that I have a partner, I find myself paying more attention to such things."
###chapter1632
As Justin thought of Bella, his lips quirked up with undisguised delight. "Could you please tell me the brand? When I return, I'd like to buy one for her."
Clarice's face was turned away. Her cheekbones subtly twitched, and her expression darkened.
"I'm afraid Mr. Salvador will have to return home disappointed. What I'm using is not perfume but incense made from a rare local fragrance in Meridan. It's scarce here. Simply put, it's not available for purchase."
"Oh, I see." Justin's eyes flickered briefly, and he did not bother to ask about it further.
His reason for asking her was clear he had smelled this scent before on Christopher.
During their numerous encounters, Justin had vaguely detected this orchid fragrance clinging to Christopher's clothes.
It was identical to Clarice's scent.
This woman claimed that it was not perfume but a rare incense from Meridan, something she could acquire perhaps through his elder brother's favor.
How did Christopher obtain it then?
Did Christopher and Grant know each other?
Or was it just a coincidence?
Lost in thought, Justin arrived at a carved wooden door.
"Mr. Salvador, Mr. Grant is inside. Please come in," Clarice said, stepping aside to let him pass.
As Justin stepped through the door, his breath deepened slightly.
"Cough... Justin, you're finally here."
Grant maneuvered his electric wheelchair out of the room. Upon seeing his younger brother, he broke into a relieved smile.
"Hey, Grant." Justin hurried over to him.
Grant reached out to grab Justin's hand, lifting his face to look at him intently, his clear eyes shining like stars. "It's been over ten years since we last saw each other, right? I missed you a lot. Why did you look thinner than when we last video called from Grandpa's house? Have you been very tired and busy lately?"
"I'm doing okay," Justin replied warmly.
"No matter how busy you are, you must take care of your health. After all, you're the Salvador Corporation's president."
Grant lowered his gaze as he coughed lightly, his pale cheeks flushing slightly. "Well, you've seen my condition now. As your elder brother, I can't offer much help. The future of the Salvador Corporation rests solely on your shoulders."
"Grant, please don't say that."
Justin's throat tightened with
emotion. If you want, you can return to Savrow to recuperate at any time. If you ever recover and wish to rejoin the company, I'll welcome you back with open arms." 
Before meeting Grant, Justin had countless speculations and doubts.
But at this moment, looking at his crippled elder brother in the wheelchair, guilt flooded his heart.
Back when they were younger, Grant was so gallant and talented.
But now...
Justin saw only a man ravaged by internal injuries, frail and pale, seemingly fragile.
All the tragedies stemmed from that kidnapping incident.
If it were not for his elder brother's bravery, the one exiled in a foreign land, dependent on a wheelchair, would have been Justin.
In the tea room, the two brothers sat across from each other.
Clarice displayed her tea art gracefully. She moved her hands fluidly over the tea tray. It was a captivating sight.
Justin watched her hands intently, lost in thought.
Grant smiled favorably. "Justin, thanks to Clarice's care and treatment, my health has improved slightly in recent years. She's my doctor, friend, and family." 
"Sir, please don't say that. It's my honor to care for you."
Clarice's eyes were gentle as she pushed a cup of tea toward Justin. "Mr. Salvador, please have some tea."
Justin remained expressionless.
Suddenly, Grant chuckled. "Speaking of which, Clarice and you have quite a connection."
"A connection?"
"I remember you telling me that after graduating from the military academy, you joined the
peacekeeping forces and went to et
Kridor for international supplet
anti-terrorism operations. Coincidentally, Clarice was also in Kridor at that time." Grant said,
glancing at Clarice. 
Justin lowered his gaze. "Is that so? What a coincidence."
"Back then, Clarice worked for Doctor Without Borders in Kridor. It's possible that she has treated some of your comrades."
Doctor Without Borders?!
The casual remark triggered Justin's most sensitive nerve.
He abruptly looked at Clarice, his mind flashing to the brilliant, sparkling eyes of the little dove.
###chapter1633
"Mr. Salvador? Mr. Salvador?"
Clarice tilted her head, smiling warmly. "What are you thinking about so intently? Or... Is there something on my face?"
"No."
Justin abruptly snapped back to reality, feeling a bit sad.
Little Dove was Justin's savior. They had fought side by side and escaped death together. Without her, he would not have made it back to Savrow alive, let alone become the president of Salvador Corporation. Nor would he have had the chance to fall in love with Bella.
He could never forget Little Dove's kindness. However, despite his efforts to find her, she seemed to have vanished into thin air without a trace.
When Grant mentioned that this woman had once worked for Doctor Without Borders in Kridor, a wave of emotion surged within Justin.
His gaze toward her grew increasingly complex.
"If you're interested in my story, perhaps when you visit Mr. Grant here in Meridan next time, I can share it with you at length," Clarice said with a gentle smile, her voice soft and sweet.
"You've misunderstood, Ms. Amaryllis. Your experiences simply reminded me of an old acquaintance. There's nothing more to it," Justin replied coldly, withdrawing his gaze as he elegantly picked up his teacup Clarice bit her lower lip.
"Alright, Clarice. My brother has always been a man of few words. Stop teasing him."
Grant then changed the subject. "Justin, I know you didn't travel all the way here just to visit me."
Justin's throat tightened, "Grant, I..."
"Don't worry. You can tell me anything. Even if you came here with a purpose, I won't be mad at you. Seeing you again brings me more joy than anything else."
Grant smiled warmly and spoke earnestly. "So, what's troubling you? Tell me all about it."
"Grant, someone very important to
me is ill. There's a special
medication in Meridan that can treat his condition. However, despite all my efforts, I couldn't get my hands on it. So, I thought of you.
move
Considering your close connections with the Reeds, you must have a wide network. Could you please help
me find out..." 
As he was speaking, Justin took out his phone and showed Grant a photo of the medication. "How can I acquire this medicine?"
Grant smiled knowingly. "Is the person you're talking about Chairman Thompson?"
Justin felt a sudden tightness in his chest.
Clarice glanced at the screen and said, "This is a medication for stroke. Did Chairman Thompson have a stroke?"
Justin's sharp gaze suddenly turned to her. His gaze was like a blade of cold steel cutting through the air.
Despite her experience handling high-stakes situations alongside Grant, Clarice felt a chill run through her under Justin's intense scrutiny. "Justin, please don't misunderstand Clarice."
Grant took a sip of tea. "Even if you hadn't told me, I would've known you came for someone from the
Thompson family. The only person who could make you this concerned, to the point of traveling so far to seek my help, would only be
Chairman Thompson's
someone related to Ms..
hospitalization was kept secret. However, nothing can really stay hidden in the world of top-tier financiers. Clarice was merely analyzing it logically."
"Since we've come this far, there's no need for me to hide anything anymore."
Justin set down his teacup,
Lis
deliberated for a moment, and then spoke slowly. "I came here because of Chairman Thompson's illness. K want to bring the medicine back as soon as possible. My beloved growing more haggard each day worrying about her father. How can I call myself a man if I stand by and do nothing?" 
Grant nodded thoughtfully. "I understand. Your feelings for Ms. Thompson really touched me."
###chapter1634
"That is indeed a rare medication. However, through my treatments and health struggles, I've managed to build some connections in the medical field over the years. One of my friends has access to this medicine. I can ask them to get it for you."
"Really? That would be wonderful!"
Justin's face lit up with joy. "Grant, how can I ever repay your help?"
Grant's eyes took on an ambiguous gleam as he smirked. "Though I've been in Meridan, I've heard a lot about how much you dote on Ms. Thompson, treating her like a treasure. If I ever return to Savrow and wish to befriend her, would you oppose it?"
Justin felt his heart clench. His grip tightened on the teacup until his knuckles turned white.
"Sir, you're putting Mr. Justin in a difficult position. Ms. Thompson is his cherished lover. He would hide her away if he could. Even if you're his elder brother, I'm not sure he'd be willing to share her with you," Clarice interjected with a half-joking tone.
However, though her words sounded light-hearted, they carried an underlying sharpness.
The implication was clear.
Even for his own brother, Justin might not be willing to share anything with him-be it his love, his power, or his status. So what if Grant was his lifesaver?
Would Justin truly yield if his brother wanted to reclaim his place at the Salvador Corporation?
"Don't say that, Clarice."
Grant's expression darkened slightly. "Justin is my brother. We've grown up together, and I know his character well."
"Grant, you don't have to be friends with Bella."
Though Justin's tone was calm, his gaze was icy. "When I marry her, she'll be your sister-in-law, making you guys closer than friends. Isn't it better that way?" Grant was momentarily stunned, then laughed. "You're right."
"And about the medicine..."
"You should return to Savrow first. I think Ms. Thompson would be anxious without you. She'd probably not eat or sleep well without you."
Grant showed a hint of weariness,
signaling his intent to see his guest
off. "I'll try to obtain the medicine as soon as possible and have it delivered to you. Rest assured, brother." 
"I'll await your good news then."
With his elder brother's words, Justin felt it was inappropriate to say more and could only rise to take his leave.
Once the man had departed, Grant narrowed his eyes, opening a nearby box from which he retrieved the medicine that Justin had requested. "Clarice, you've been quite talkative today."
"I'm sorry, sir!" Clarice quickly apologized, her body drenched in cold sweat.
"I understand that meeting an old acquaintance can stir up your emotions. But what you need to do is leave, Justin with a good impression. Excessive self-display will erode your mysterious image and could even reveal your Vulnerabilities." 
Grant glanced at her pallid face. "Well, you know how sharp-witted my younger brother is."
"Sir, please don't misunderstand! I no longer harbor the feelings I once had for Justin! Now, when I see him, all I feel is hatred!"
It was especially true when Justin shamelessly expressed his love for Bella in front of her.
That was more than enough to break her heart.
"Well, I understand how hatred can stem from love."
"No! I've never loved Justin... Not for a moment!"
Clarice hurriedly kneeled at Grant's feet, clutching his hand tightly. "I only grew close to him when we were younger because I was naive and fell under Shannon's influence and deception!" 
###chapter1635
Clarice said, "After growing up, I further sought to secure Justin's heart for my family's interests! I've never had any feelings for him! I've never loved him!" Grant sneered, leaning in to lift her chin with a fingertip. "Then, are you only using me, too?"
As tears welled in Clarice's eyes, she swore earnestly, "Sir, I'm sincere toward you! I'm completely loyal to you. I would even die for you!"
"Alright now. Don't use such ominous words. Stand up and speak." Grant's tone softened as he helped her to her feet.
Yet Clarice still felt uneasy.
She could not read Grant's emotions. Despite having worked with him for so long, she had never seen him lose his temper, which only heightened her unease.
"Sir, when you had my personal background reshaped, was it to replace that girl's identity and approach Justin again?"
"My brother may occasionally be dumb when it comes to relationships. But otherwise, he's the smartest person in the world. How could you possibly replace the girl if you don't even know the details of his relationship with that girl?"
Grant savored the aroma of the tea. Then he spoke leisurely. "Your new identity has already left a deep impression on him, stirring endless speculation. However, we'll only be able to see its true effect once we return to Savrow."
Clarice nodded, then asked in astonishment. "Also, about this medicine, are you really going to give it to Justin? Are you really going to save Wyatt Thompson? If they don't get the medicine, Wyatt's health will only deteriorate further, causing turmoil not just in the Thompson family but also in the KS Group. Isn't that what we want?"
"Well, will Wyatt's health improve just because of that medicine?"
Clarice exclaimed in surprise, "Are you suggesting..."
"Chairman Thompson is getting older. With such a stubborn illness, and not the first time it has relapsed, his health has long been declining. Whether we give him the medicine or not, how much difference will i really make? The miraculous effects of such medicine often make people overlook its side effects. Compared to brain death, hovering between life and death with a few side effects is already a gain." Grant coughed lightly. Then he continued speaking casually, "Besides, my brother and Ms. Thompson will also owe me a favor after this. What's not to like?"
Justin returned to the hotel, his mind restless.
Firstly, he was unsettled because he had not obtained the medicine.
Secondly, Grant's doctor, who had worked as a volunteer doctor in Kridor, intrigued him deeply.
Yet he began to wonder whether that woman was actually a doctor.
Her hands did not look like those of
a doctor. Her nails were a bit lont
and painted with a sheer pink polish.
t belongs to sw one
"Mr. Salvador, you seem distracted. Did Young Master Grant do something to you?"
lan was deeply concerned. He was always afraid that someone might take advantage of his boss. "Did he propose something difficult for you to accept? Is he taking advantage of the situation?" 
Justin shook his head slightly and asked in a serious tone, "lan, can doctors use incense or perfumes?"
"Huh? Just a moment, let me search."
lan quickly retrieved his phone and found the answer. "Um, logically speaking, medical staff shouldn't use them. The fragrance can numb the sense of smell, mask the
patient's body odor, and affect.ne
diagnosis. Respiratory doctors especially shouldn't use them, as it could trigger attacks in sensitive patients." 
"Got it." Justin's eyes darkened.
"What's the matter, Mr. Salvador? Why did you suddenly ask about this?"
Justin did not answer.
However, his curiosity about Clarice's identity grew stronger.
###chapter1636
Tonight, the moonlight scattered a silvery-white glow across the ground.
The night breeze stirred, casting shadows that swayed outside the window.
Asher lowered his eyelashes, holding a cross in his hand as he stood devotedly before the altar, praying.
Since his lover's passing, he has performed this ritual daily, seeking self-redemption and repenting for his sins.
Countless times, he did it all for himself.
But now, as he stood once again before the altar, he could no longer see his own heart clearly.
Confusion and a sense of helplessness engulfed him.
With a long sigh, Asher turned around.
Just then, the church's grand doors burst open.
The next moment, a slender, graceful figure with fox-like eyes shimmering with mist stepped in, breaking through the desolate twilight and crashing into his gaze.
"Ash..."
Arnold stood alone in the hallway as the cold wind pierced his thin frame. Tears welled up in his narrow eyes. "You came all the way here to look for me... Why didn't you wait a little longer? Would it have killed you to wait a bit longer?"
Asher's heart jolted.
He froze. An unbearable emotion started burning fiercely in his bloodshot eyes.
"You idiot... Do you know how hard I've been searching for you?"
Arnold trembled all over, barely holding back. However, as soon as he saw his beloved, tears flowed uncontrollably. "I lost my phone... I dared not go to the KS Group's building to see you. I didn't dare go to Yara Park to see you... I didn't dare to contact anyone from your family or my aunt... I was afraid of causing you trouble. I was afraid of being a burden to everyone..."
His last words came out as a choked whisper. "But... I was even more afraid of never seeing you again."
How many times had he said the word "afraid" in one breath?
Asher recalled the carefree, unrestrained Arnold who arrived from Meridan back then. He was so free-spirited and fearless.
But now, what had reduced him to this state?
Was it the enmity between the Thompson and Larson families? Or was it Asher's own ambivalence, his wavering indecision, and the cruelty that had extinguished the rekindled flame of desire for the sake of the greater good?
Asher stared unblinkingly at Arnold's tear-soaked face, his heart aching as if it had been stabbed.
"Ash, I'm scared... When I looked at your back from afar the last time I saw you standing under my window, I was so scared that it would be the last time I ever saw you."
Arnold cried uncontrollably, draining all his tears. "But how could that be... I want to be with you. I want to be with you forever. I love you, Ash... I love you!"
"Dr. Larson."
Asher's throat was dry as he spoke, his words stiff as if he were speaking for the first time, "This is a church. Please don't say such things that go against God's will." "But I've already said it! If there really is a God, then let Him punish me and strike me down!"
Arnold staggered forward a couple
of steps, jabbing his fingers hard at
his chest. "It hurts so much here. I don't care about the Larson family or divine retribution... What do those things matter compared to you? If there's retribution, then bring it on! If the sky falls, I'll hold it up for you... If we go to hell, I'll go with you! Come on!" 
Exhausted, Arnold closed his eyes and collapsed to the ground.
However, he did not feel the pain he expected.
Instead, he felt the warm embrace of a man radiating strong hormones.
It was the embrace he had searched for a long time.
Through the thin shirt, Asher's hand around his waist was burning hot.
"Do you have a fever?!" he exclaimed, his large hands covering Arnold's sweat-drenched forehead, finding it alarmingly hot. "It's nothing..."
Arnold also wanted to hug him, but his whole body ached too much to even lift his arms. "Seeing you makes everything better..." Asher gritted his teeth. "Stop fooling around! You have a high fever. You need to go to the hospital!"
"No... My father and brother must be
looking for me right now. Once I step foot in any hospital, even the ones
under the Thompsons, they'lb
immediately get hold of me.
Arnold tightly clutched the man's shirt, shaking his head vigorously. "Some fever medicine will be sufficient."
Then Arnold slipped into unconsciousness.
Tears welled up in Asher's eyes. He clasped the back of Arnold's neck and pulled him into his embrace. "Little fox, is there anyone dumber than you?"
Taking Arnold's words into
consideration and fearing that he
would bring more trouble to both families, Asher had no choice but to take Arnold to his private villa in Savrow. 
The Larson family's power was concentrated in Hatchbay, making Savrow a relatively safer place.
Arnold lay on the bed with a cold towel on his forehead. Asher fed him fever medicine and repeatedly wiped his neck and arms with a wet cloth, but to no avail.
His cheeks were flushed red, and he muttered incoherently.
Yet every sentence contained the name "Ash".
Asher frowned deeply, his heart pounding heavily.
It had been a long time since he had felt so helpless and panicked.
Finally, he picked up his phone and dialed a long-forgotten number.
"Who's this?" A cold voice came through.
Asher's Adam's apple bobbed, and his voice was hoarse as he said, "It's me."
There was a long pause on the other end before a voice, trembling in disbelief, responded.
"Master Ash?! Is that really you?!"
###chapter1637
The title "Master Ash" was long buried deep in the back of Asher's mind.
No matter how many memories it stirred, those past events had long ceased to matter to him.
"Dr. Williams, it's me. Asher Thompson."
"Master Ash! I can hardly believe it... I didn't think I'd hear from you again in this lifetime! All these years... Have you been well?"
"I'm fine."
Asher paused, his voice deep. "Do you have time now? I need your help with something urgent."
"Master Ash, you needn't say such things! I'm always at your service. I'm willing to go through hell for you!"
Within less than half an hour, a man carrying a large medical kit arrived at Asher's villa.
The "Dr. Williams" he referred to was named Yuri Williams.
Unlike regular doctors, Yuri Williams was an underground physician.
When Asher was still "Master Ash", many of his men could not seek treatment at conventional hospitals and had to rely on underground clinics.
It was during that time that Asher met Yuri, whose medical license had been revoked.
Recognizing his talent, Asher hired him as his doctor, ensuring his lifelong comfort and safety. Even after Asher stepped down, he helped Yuri retire without any threat of retribution. "Master Ash..." Upon reuniting with his former boss, Yuri could not hold back his emotions and burst into tears.
"Long time no see."
Asher's dark eyes held a faint smile as he stepped forward to embrace him. "You're still the same, looking as youthful as ever. Not a single thing about you changed at all." "But you've changed, Master Ash."
Yuri's tearful eyes scanned Asher's face repeatedly. "I can't quite pinpoint which part, but you seem completely different from before."
Asher looked the same.
However, his clothing, demeanor, and gaze looked nothing like him from the past.
"Of course, I've changed. I have a different identity now," Asher smiled lightly. "I need to look like a CEO."
But Yuri could see it clearly.
He knew that Asher felt helpless in the CEO position.
"I asked you to come in person this time because a very important friend of mine fell ill."
Asher pondered as he spoke slowly, "At the moment, he can't go to the hospital, so..."
Yuri shook his head. "You don't need to explain anything to me. I'll try my best for you."
Asher's long eyelashes fluttered. "Thank you."
They quickly went upstairs and entered the room.
Just as Yuri saw Arnold lying on the bed, he was stunned. Then he looked at Asher in shock.
"You're surprised too, right? He looks a lot like him.”
Asher's gaze softened as he picked up a towel to wipe the sweat from Arnold's face. "I was also shocked the first time I saw him. However, he's completely different. Other than their faces, they have no
similarities." 
Thinking of that person, Yuri's expression turned sorrowful. "Indeed... Who could ever be just as stunning and unparalleled in this world?"
The rest of the memories were too painful, and he dared not mention them.
Asher knew that standing around would not help the situation and might even hinder Yuri's work. So, he left the room.
Then he sat alone in the quiet living room. In his ears, Arnold's fervent confession replayed over and over again.
His mind was in turmoil. He closed his eyes, gripping the crucifix tightly in his trembling hand.
"Master Ash, come in and take a look!" Yuri called out, his brow furrowed deeply.
Asher immediately stood up and strode back to the bedside.
Yuri had removed Arnold's shirt, revealing his back covered in red, swollen, and torn wounds. Each of them looked grotesque and terrifying, with blood still seeping from them. Asher's mind buzzed with a deafening shock, and a tidal wave of fury crashed over him.
"I did a preliminary diagnosis of your friend and found that his fever was unusual, so I checked for external injuries. Sure enough, the problem lies here."
Wearing a mask and medical gloves, Yuri gently touched the skin on Arnold's back, prompting a pained groan from him.
"It hurts..."
"Dr. Williams, he says it hurts."
Asher clenched his fingers tightly, the pain spreading through his body in empathy. "Is there anything else you can do to relieve his pain?"
"A painkiller injection will help. However, the wounds on his back are festering. We need to clean them out immediately and give him a tetanus shot."
Yuri quickly pulled out his medical tools from his kit. "I can't tell what caused these wounds, but it was brutal! Master Ash, did your friend offend someone from the darker side?" Asher exuded a menacing aura, the veins on his temple throbbing.
Someone from the darker side?
That's impossible.
These horrific injuries could only be the result of punishment from the Larson family.
When he was younger, he had heard from Aunt Mita about their harsh family rules and primitive traditions, He had also heard about the cold and distant familial relationships that had made Aunt Mila want to escape that prison countless times. 
The family had no noble background. Yet they bore noble afflictions. "Dr. Williams, please save him, no matter what. And also..."
Asher's eyes tinged with a hint of crimson as he stared at the horrific wounds on Arnold's back. Each one of them was like a stab to his heart. "He loves being clean and pretty. When these wounds heal, is there any way to prevent scarring?" 
###chapter1638
Upon hearing Asher's request, Yuri looked troubled.
"Master Ash, a few of your friend's wounds are exceptionally deep. I'll only have a clearer idea of how to treat it once I finish cleaning the wound up."
Asher stared at the gory wounds. An intense pain coursed through his entire being.
"Some of these injuries will need stitches, and it's unlikely to avoid scarring entirely."
Seeing Asher's expression turn grim, Yuri tried to lighten the mood with a wry smile. "A few scars won't be a big deal for a young man, would it? It might even add some rugged charm to him. Surely, your friend isn't that fussy, right?"
Asher's brows knitted into a tight frown.
Not that fussy?
Arnold avoided any domestic chores and would change his entire outfit if a single speck of grease landed on it.
If he was not considered fussy, then no one would fit that description.
Asher could already imagine Arnold's frantic reaction upon seeing his scarred back.
"No matter what, please try your best to treat him."
"Of course, I'll use the utmost care for your sake," Yuri replied.
Hearing "for your sake" made Asher's cheeks flush slightly.
It took over two hours for Yuri to thoroughly treat Arnold's wounds, using the best medications available.
Only when he saw the steady heaving of Arnold's chest did Asher finally feel relieved.
"We'll check his temperature again in the morning. As long as it returns to normal, we should be in the clear," Yuri said as he wiped the sweat from his brow.
"Thank you so much, Dr. Williams," Asher thanked Yuri genuinely.
"Master Ash, please don't call me Dr. Williams. It makes me feel uneasy."
Then, Yuri looked earnestly at Asher and said, "Just call me Yuri, like you used to."
Asher's pale lips parted slightly, his throat tight with emotion. "Yuri.”
"Yup!" Yuri responded with a clear, crisp voice, his eyes brimming with tears.
He would willingly walk through hell a thousand times for Asher.
Asher dared not leave Arnold's side. However, he also could not sleep beside him for fear of accidentally touching his wounds.
He ended up sleeping on the sofa, making do for the night.
Initially, he did not intend to sleep. He planned to watch over his little fox until dawn.
However, in the latter half of the night, exhaustion overcame him, and he fell into a restless slumber.
Half-awake, Asher smelled the cool scent of ointment and felt a weight on his body, pressing down heavily.
Summoning his willpower, Asher snapped his eyes open.
"Ash..."
In the next moment, he saw the bare-chested Arnold straddling him under the hazy moonlight. Arnold's skin, pale to the point of glowing, glistened with sweat in the gentle light, appearing as flawless as jade. 
His handsome face was still flushed, and his fever had not yet subsided. His trembling legs clung tightly to
Asher, as if he feared the man
beneath him would flee.
Their eyes met, and in the quiet room, their breaths gradually quickened.
The air grew increasingly hot and charged.
"What are you doing?" Restrained desire filled Asher's deep eyes. The veins on the back of his hands, resting beside him, throbbed visibly.
"I'm delirious from the fever..."
Arnold's gaze became unfocused as
he panted, clutching his burning forehead. I dreamed of you, and
when I opened my eyes, you weret
really here. I can't believe you're actually by my side... I just wanted to make sure this isn't a dream..."
###chapter1639
*
In the darkness, Asher's neck and ears turned completely red.
His breathing grew heavier as he slowly raised his hand, his hot palm landing on Arnold's smooth abdomen, gently caressing the impossibly soft skin that seemed unfit for a man. "So, do you still think this is a dream now?"
Arnold shivered as if electrified, finally leaning in with passion, cupping Asher's face, and kissing him fiercely.
Their intertwined shadows and intimate sounds filled the room with an air of sensuality.
"Ash, please... Let me stay with you. I don't need anything else... Just let me stay with you. Even if we can never be open about it or even if we can never see the light of day, it doesn't matter." Asher's dark eyes shimmered with a faint, tender light, overflowing with love.
He could not hide it anymore, nor could he endure any longer.
Asher knew exactly what he was doing. He was more clear-headed than ever before.
"From now on, I'll be your little fox. Yours alone..."
With tears in his eyes, Arnold nestled against Asher's bare but firm chest, feeling happier than ever.
Recently, Christopher had been busy handling the troubles the Thompsons brought to the Iverson Group.
The problems with the resort project in Terranova required a lot of effort to resolve. Christopher publicly dispatched representatives to visit and generously compensate the injured and the families of the deceased. He also arranged for extensive media coverage to help restore the Iverson Group's image.
However, he also secretly bribed the officials handling the case in Terranova, ensuring they would downplay the negative impact and not let it disrupt the project's future.
This involved significant sacrifices from Yvonne.
Although Christopher no longer required Yvonne to sell her body after the Maxwell incident, she still had to navigate the corrupt and lecherous circles of high-ranking officials and powerful men, securing benefits for him in any way she could.
This was her last remaining value to him.
She had no other options.
Having lost her value as Bella's stand-in, losing this final purpose would mean Christopher would abandon her entirely.
When others abandoned someone, it often meant discarding them to the side.
However, Christopher's abandonment meant destruction.
Yvonne had endured a difficult life, fighting with all her might to survive. She wanted to live well and avoid a tragic end.
Tonight, Christopher returned from a business trip to Meridan with a particularly grim expression.
As soon as he stepped through the doors of Pivotage, Yvonne started shivering and quickly stepped back.
"Mr. Iverson..."
Christopher's cold gaze bore into her. Yet, it seemed as if he was looking through her at someone he could never possess. "Mr. Iverson, Ms. Smith did a really good job for you in Terranova."
el.
Upon seeing the situation, Taylor quickly tried to smooth things over. "Mr. Iverson, those officials in Terranova agreed to support you thanks to Ms. Smith's persuasion." 
"Persuasion? Or seduction?" Christopher sneered contemptuously.
Yvonne lowered her head, staring at the tip of her red high heels, her throat tight with emotion.
Taylor forced a smile. "Ms. Smith is
the key figure at Pivotage. She has managed it efficiently over the years,
building connections they
Savrow. You've seen her efforts yourself. Ms. Smith has excellent negotiation skills and tactics. It's all thanks to your guidance, Mr. Iverson." 
“This place is nothing but a tavern and brothel. If it weren't for my greater plans, would I even care about a place like this?"
Christopher's gaze softened slightly
as he shifted his eyes away from
can't
Yvonne's flushed face. "If she ever do this well, she might as well die and not waste any more air." 
Taylor glanced at Yvonne, unsure of what more to say.
"Heh, no. She might be useful beyond managing this place."
Christopher turned toward Yvonne, his expression darkening as he approached her step by step.
"What do you think if I gave her to Mr. Salvador? How do you think he'll react to a woman who looks so similar to Bella?”
###chapter1640
Terror filled Yvonne's eyes, causing her slender legs to shake uncontrollably beneath her dress. "The last time we visited Mr. Salvador, I couldn't help but notice his eyes constantly on you."
Suddenly, Christopher gripped her chin forcefully, tilting her head up with a pressure that felt like it could shatter her jawbone. "This time, I'm certain he's taken a liking to you. Apparently, he's not as refined as he seems. If he can't have the real thing, an imitation to satisfy his eyes and desires isn't a bad alternative either."...
Tears welled up in Yvonne's eyes, and she pleaded desperately, "Mr. Iverson... Please... Please don't send me to Mr. Salvador! For the sake of all the years I've served you loyally... Please don't send me away... I beg you!"
"Value? What value do you still have left?!"
Already simmering with unspent anger since his return, Christopher unleashed his fury on Yvonne, shoving her hard in the chest.
She stumbled back, hitting the wall with a thud, her spine ached.
"Taylor, pack her things and send her to Meridan tomorrow!"
"No!"
Yvonne dropped to her knees at Christopher's feet, her tear-streaked face raised in desperate supplication. "I swear to serve you faithfully! I'll never betray you! I'll do anything you ask... Just please don't send me away!"
Yvonne's tears and fears were genuine.
However, even she could not discern how much truth lay in her words.
Christopher had been her savior. He had rescued her from a life of hardship and given her a sense of belonging.
She could not forget how he carried her on horseback, taught her to play the piano, enjoy fine wine, and become cultured.
He transformed her. Before returning to Savrow, Christopher was her everything. He was her guiding light and her purpose. But she finally saw through him.
From the moment Christopher had her undergo plastic surgery to resemble Bella, Yvonne should have realized the truth.
Christopher had only seen her as a disposable tool. Even if it was not her, he would have chosen another girl. Saving her from her hardships was merely a coincidence.
He gave her a new life. But he also ended up crushing her body and dignity to pieces.
Was he really worth her love and loyalty?
"Mr. Iverson! I know you're angry, but please stay rational and calm!"
Taylor interjected urgently. "Ms. Smith is your most accomplished creation. You groomed her all by yourself. A random replacement might not have her talents, capabilities, or loyalty to you! Besides, Ms. Smith has already made a positive impression on Drew Brown and even managed to share a room with him. Do you realize how hard it was to get this far? We're just one step away!" 
Upon hearing this, the cold, ruthless glint in Christopher's eyes finally softened a little.
"When Drew returns to the country, we can have Ms. Smith find another opportunity to get close to him. Once he's completely let his guard down and falls for our honey trap,
we'll have the perfect chance to eliminate him!" 
Yvonne's heart ached unbearably, her pearly tears mixing with blood as they fell from her eyes.
As she was trembling, she opened her palm slightly. Drew's devilish, arrogant smile was reflected in the teardrop.
Christopher narrowed his eyes and strode past the woman kneeling on the ground without another glance.
Taylor sighed as he watched his boss leave. Then he reached out to help Yvonne up.
"It's okay... I can get up myself," Yvonne muttered, wiping her tears roughly and struggling to her feet.
"Ms. Smith, Mr. Iverson is in a bad mood. It' be best if you stay out of his sight for the next few days. Try to avoid him if you can," Taylor advised helplessly. 
###chapter1641
"Did something happen?" Yvonne was not truly concerned about Christopher. Rather, she needed to be aware of the situations to ensure her own safety.
"Sigh! Mr. Iverson went to visit the boss and got some news. It turned out that the boss gave the life-saving medicine, which Mr. Iverson could not deliver, to the Thompsons! You know that all this time, despite what happened between Mr. Iverson and Ms. Thompson, the boss had never personally intervened.
"At this critical moment, the boss stepping in as the good guy will make Mr. Iverson look like a selfish villain for using the medicine to threaten Chairman Thompson. Ms. Thompson will only hate him more and despise him further. Isn't the boss just using Mr. Iverson as a stepping stone to elevate himself? How could Mr. Iverson not be furious?"
As the saying goes, comparison is the thief of joy.
Christopher had meticulously laid out his plans. However, Grant's involvement made him look like a mere clown.
"The boss is definitely doing this for Ms. Thompson, not for Justin."
Taylor sighed again. "Before, Mr. Iverson had suspected that the boss had feelings for Ms. Thompson, and now it seems even more apparent. You can imagine how anxious this makes him!" Yvonne's lips curled into a bitter, sorrowful smile.
So that was why Christopher was eager to send her to the boss as a tribute to make that man lose interest in his beloved woman.
Suddenly, she felt a deep admiration and envy for Bella.
Despite Christopher being Bella's childhood sweetheart and pursuing her so fervently before, she not only remained steadfast but also saw through his true nature.
Yvonne wished she could also be a woman with the same determination and strong spirit as Bella.
Well, maybe in another life.
When Taylor returned to Christopher's side, the man had nearly demolished the luxurious room in frustration.
Finally drained of energy, Christopher sat panting heavily on the red velvet sofa, aggressively pulling at his tie.
"Why haven't our men sent to watch the Thompsons reported back yet? Such useless people! Do they have a death wish?!"
"Mr. Iverson, please calm down! Our
men are tirelessly monitoring the Thompsons around the clock. We're digging deep, and we'll surely unearth something valuable." 
Before Taylor could finish speaking, his phone chimed with a notification.
He quickly took out his phone and opened WhatsApp.
Immediately, Taylor's eyes widened in disbelief. He hurriedly approached Christopher and handed him the phone, his hands trembling with excitement.
"M-Mr. Iverson! The opportunity for revenge has arrived! You need to have a look at this!"
Christopher impatiently furrowed his brow, reluctantly glancing at the screen.
The next moment, he suddenly sprung up from the sofa, snatching the phone and staring at it intently He repeatedly enlarged the photo on the screen, confirming over and over the faces of the two people locked in a passionate embrace.
"There's absolutely no mistake about this, Mr. Iverson!"
Taylor's eyes widened in excitement. "Once we release this bombshell, it'll create a massive uproar! You can finally vent all the grievances you've suffered!"
Christopher's eyes gleamed with a sinister and exhilarated light. Suddenly, he burst into laughter, with tears streaming down his face.
After a moment, he handed the phone back to Taylor and calmly sat back on the sofa, pouring himself a celebratory glass of red wine.
"There's no need to rush. Even if we proceed with this, we must ensure our hands stay clean.”
Puzzled, Taylor asked, "So, what do you mean then...?"
Christopher smirked cunningly, his mind already strategizing. "Recently, someone who has fallen from grace needs a chance to rise again Why don't we give him that opportunity?" 
###chapter1642
Grant kept his word. A week later, Justin got his hands on the medication.
Justin was on edge throughout a crucial meeting at the Salvador Corporation.
As soon as the meeting ended, he shot up like a spring-loaded lever and hurriedly left, leaving his top executives bewildered.
"Mr. Salvador... What's going on?"
"Ahem... Probably nature calls. If it were me, I wouldn't even be able to hold it so long. Mr. Salvador's kidneys are really something!"
"His bladder is impressive too!"
Today, KS Group also had an important board meeting that Wyatt had to attend.
However, the medicine given by Christopher had run out, and the Larson family took away Arnold, who could have helped. Wyatt's declining health became increasingly apparent. Over the past two days, Wyatt has felt physically drained. He yawned incessantly and had a runny nose and drowsiness. He even slept through last night without having dinner. Concerned about his health and fearing he might not wake up early enough, Wyatt had to reschedule the meeting for the afternoon.
However, even with multiple alarms set, he only managed to wake up after his secretary and daughter woke him up.
"Chairman Thompson? Chairman Thompson?!"
"Dad!"
"Wyatt!"
Struggling to open his eyes, Wyatt saw Bella, Mila, and Quentin standing by his bed.
"What time is it now?"
Hearing her father's weak voice, Bella felt her heart clench. She tightly held his cold hand.
"It's almost noon. Wyatt, you've already skipped breakfast. You can't skip lunch as well. Your body won't hold up that way." Mila looked at the man's sunken face with pity. As Wyatt tried to sit up, he suddenly felt dizzy and collapsed again.
"Wyatt!"
Cold sweat covered Bella's forehead. She immediately held her father's wrist and took his pulse.
The pulse was erratic. Something was definitely wrong.
However, she was not a neurologist like Arnold.
Although she understood some medical principles, her expertise was in surgery. At this moment, she felt really helpless, with nowhere to apply her strength. "Dad, you need to go to the hospital right now!" Bella furrowed her delicate brows, her voice hoarse with urgency.
"I'm not going!" Wyatt refused firmly.
"Then cancel the board meeting at once!"
"Impossible!"
Wyatt yanked his hand away, gritting his teeth stubbornly. "Even if I have to crawl... I'll make sure I attend that meeting!"
"You old man! Please just listen to me!" Reaching her limit, Bella spoke to Wyatt as if scolding a child. "You can barely sit up now, and you're still trying to act tough?! Is showing up at that pointless meeting more important than your health? Is that more important than your life?!" 
Bella's fierce outburst left Mila and Quentin stunned. In the entire Hatchbay, only Bella dared to speak to Wyatt this way.
"You naive girl... What do you even know?"
Wyatt tried to muster his strength, but he was already all sweaty. "There was an uproar the last time! got admitted to the hospital, with all kinds of nasty rumors flying around the company. If I get admitted again now, our business rivals will Seize the opportunity to grab our business resources... It might even lead to bigger problems!" 
"So what? If they want those resources, let them have it all. We can always earn the money again!"
Bella's trembling hands pressed
firmly on his shoulders, her gaze
intense and unwavering. "Dad! From now on, focus on your health and well-being. That's more important than anything else! KS Group will never collapse as long as I'm around. Anyone trying to benefit from our family during this crisis is simply dreaming!" 
"You stubborn girl... Do you really think you're all that?"
Wyatt scolded Bella, but his eyes reddened. "Your old man isn't about to retire early. If you want me to waste away at home doing nothing, you might as well let me die!"
It was not the allure of power that allured Wyatt.
Instead, he simply wanted to keep working for a few more years to ease the burden on his children, allowing them to pursue their passions without restraint.
If he were to fall one day, the entire weight of the conglomerate would come crashing down on them, especially on his eldest son, Asher, and his chosen successor, Bella. They might never get to enjoy such carefree days again.
"Today's meeting... I have to attend it, no matter what. No one can stop me from attending it!"
Bella was furious to the point of madness.
She could not understand why Wyatt was so stubborn.
Mila's expression was grave, her mind full of doubts.
She had a feeling that Wyatt's abnormal physical condition might be due to the medication Christopher sent.
However, Arnold had tested the medicine and confirmed it was appropriate for his condition, not poison.
So, were Wyatt's symptoms-runny nose, dizziness, and lethargy-just side effects caused by the medication? Just then, someone knocked on the door.
###chapter1643
Quentin walked over to open the door and was shocked to see who knocked.
"Mr. Salvador?"
"Uncle Quentin."
Justin stood at the door, his presence imposing despite his tired face. He was panting, showing that he had just rushed over. "Are Chairman Wyatt and Bella inside? I brought the medicine!" Upon hearing Justin's voice, Bella immediately stood up and went to the door. Her repressed emotions surged in her chest.
"Justin!"
Bella flew into the man's broad embrace, tears of pent-up emotion nearly spilling over.
Justin eagerly opened his strong, trembling arms to hold her, his eyes turning slightly red. "I'm sorry, Bella. I'm sorry it took so long. But it was worth it. I have the medicine with me now."
He quickly freed one hand to reach into his coat and pull out a long, narrow medicine box. "There are six doses in here, more than last time. It should be able to keep Chairman Thompson going for a while, just in case."
Bella took the medicine box, her heart overwhelmed with gratitude, nearly choking up.
Although Justin had not said much, Bella knew how difficult it must have been to obtain the medicine. The cost was a minor problem. However, she feared her man had to compromise his dignity to get his hands on it.
How could she use it without feeling guilty?
"Thank you, Justin..." Bella clutched the medicine box tightly, her nose tingling with emotion.
"You silly girl. There's no need to say that between us. For you, I'd do anything."
Justin smiled gently and took her hand. "Let's get the medicine to Chairman Thompson."
"Wait!"
Mila hurriedly walked up to them. Her brows knitted tightly. "Thank you for your kindness, Justin. Bella, I think it's better not to give your father this medicine anymore."
"Why is that?" The couple asked in unison.
"Have you not noticed that your father has been increasingly drowsy lately? His spirits are also down, unlike before."
Mila's expression turned grave as
she explained further, "While a stroke is terrifying, we have a clear understanding of how the condition progresses. This medicine may temporarily relieve the symptoms. However, it seems more like it's masking the illness. Besides, we can't predict what side effects he's going to get next! Therefore, I'm suggesting that we stop giving him the medication and observe his condition further." 
Justin and Bella exchanged astonished looks.
"No... I can't stop that medicine!"
Wyatt heard Mila's words and vehemently opposed them, sweating profusely as he got out of bed.
But just two steps later, his legs trembled, and he could not support his weight further. Fortunately, Quentin swiftly held and supported him. Something was indeed off!
It was his own body, so he knew his condition better than anyone else.
Wyatt clearly noticed that after
taking the medicine, his physical recovery was rapid, and his energy and strength were even better than before he fell ill. But once the effects wore off, he felt drained of energy, unable even to pick up his fork. 
However, he had no choice.
He needed the medicine. Even if it was a desperate measure, he had to alleviate his immediate crisis.
"Bella, Chairman Thompson's condition is not right."
Justin's lips tightened slightly. Then he whispered in Bella's ears, "I think what Aunt Mila said makes sense. We shouldn't let your father have this medication for now."
"If you guys won't give me the
medicine, that's fine... I'll just have to go to the board meeting right now with this stupid body and embarrass myself in front of everyone!" Wyatt's tone turned irritable, almost childish in its frustration. 
###chapter1644
"Wyatt, I forbid you to go! Just stay put!" Bella's heart raced with urgency as she stood before her father.
"How dare you?! I'm your father! You have no right to meddle in my affairs! You don't get to call the shots in the Thompson family either!"
The father-daughter duo were locked in a heated standoff.
Mila stood frozen in place, overwhelmed by the situation.
Since being with Bella, Justin has never encountered such a situation. He was unsure who to comfort first or how to intervene in their argument.
"Wyatt, you..." Bella gasped, her clenched fists turning white from the strain.
"Bella, if you really are a dutiful daughter, then stop provoking me. Stop making me yell until my voice is hoarse."
Wyatt's sweat soaked through his robe. His labored breathing made even catching his breath a struggle. His vision also began to blur, and the image of his most beloved daughter grew increasingly faint. "Is it so hard for you to grant me this one wish?"
At 1:30 p.m., Wyatt appeared at the KS Group Headquarters with Quentin, Bella, and Justin accompanying him.
Donning a sharp suit like a suit of armor, Wyatt's energy belied the man who had struggled to get out of bed an hour earlier.
It was like a testament to the potent effects of the medication.
Concerned, Justin and Bella followed Wyatt all the way to the conference room, much like parents escorting their child to school.
"Hey, Wyatt!"
In an unexpected encounter, Wyatt's notorious brother, Cameron appeared before them.
Wyatt's keen eyes flashed, and a serene smile played on his lips. "Hey, Cameron."
"Wyatt, how are you doing?" Cameron approached them. His face was full of apparent concern as he observed his elder brother.
In reality, he was probing.
"I've fully recovered. Thanks for thinking of me," Wyatt replied with a composed expression.
"Oh, there's no need for such formalities between us brothers. At our age, all sorts of ailments start cropping up, especially those heart and brain issues. You have to be extra careful!"
At this point, Cameron noticed Justin standing behind Wyatt. He exuded a formidable vibe, like a grim reaper.
Initially, Cameron felt a twinge of
.
fear. But then he reminded himself that he was at the headquarters of the KS Group, not the Salvador Corporation. He was on his own turf, with his brother present. What was there to fear? 
So Cameron shot Justin a sly smile. "Mr. Salvador, are you joining us for the meeting? Has the Salvador Corporation also invested in KS Group now?"
Justin's eyes darkened.
But with Wyatt present, Justin held back, respecting his seniority.
"Haha... I was just kidding."
Cameron waved his hand
dismissively, laughing. "But we would certainly welcome Mr. Salvador's investment in our group. After all, rumors are flying around that, as the illegitimate son trying to secure his position in the Salvador family, you're aiming to become Wyatt's son-in-law, then use KS Group to boost your standing in the Salvador Corporation and gain more benefits for yourself. Well, it's quite detailed gossip. If you really were to invest, it would not only earn you some good impression from my big brother but also put an end to those rumors, wouldn't it?"
"Hmph, Uncle Cameron, I thought only your fashion sense was outdated, but I didn't realize your information was just as ancient."
Bella felt an urge to tear Cameron
apart. However, she maintained a radiant smile and was calm and collected. "Even if you haven't switched to using 5G, you should have at least watched the TV, right? Justin is not an illegitimate son, He is the rightful heir of the Salvador family. After Shannon's downfall, the media widely covered Justin's official status. If you keep spreading these outdated rumors, people will think you are Shannon's accomplice. They will think you're still holding a grudge and refusing to let go of Justin." 
Justin gazed deeply at the petite woman. His heart felt warm and cozy.
###chapter1645
Wyatt frowned and coughed lightly.
However, he did not stop Bella.
Cameron's smile gradually faded, his molars grinding hard.
Bella lowered her beautiful eyes, her gaze lifting slowly from below as she curled her red lips into a contemptuous smile. "Also, as your niece, I can't help but advise you on something, Uncle Cameron. Next time you attend an important event, it might be best to ask Cecily to help with your outfit. Haven't you heard the saying that red and green clashes?"
"Ahem!" Wyatt coughed heavily again, as a warning.
Upon hearing Bella's words, Cameron completely froze in his deep red suit and dark green tie.
After the small episode, Wyatt and Cameron headed into the conference room for their meeting.
Bella and Justin then waited in Wyatt's office.
The young woman lay sideways on the sofa, with her head resting on the man's lap. She gazed up at Justin's handsome, chiseled face with thin lips and deep-set eyes, and started giggling incessantly. "Haha... Just thinking about how I humiliated Cameron, making him look like he'd swallowed two pounds of dung, fills me with indescribable joy."
After a moment of laughter, Bella could not help but fume again. "But I'm still so angry! That damn sly fox! He thinks that with Wyatt there to protect him, he can brazenly insult you without consequences. He must be dreaming! Does he not look before speaking? This is my husband he's messing with! How dare he touch my man?!"
Suddenly, Justin's dark eyes sparkled. He tightly grasped her small hand. "Whose husband did you say I was?"
Bella finally realized what she had said. Her fair, delicate face flushed red as she quickly looked down.
Seeing that she was too shy to speak, Justin sighed softly. Just as he was about to change the topic, Bella said, "Mine."
Bella slowly looked up. Her eyes locked onto Justin's beautiful, deep eyes.
"You belong to me."
Justin's heart pounded as he leaned closer, their noses touching and breaths mingling.
"And you belong to me, too."
Overwhelmed with affection, he cupped her chin, ready to kiss her. However, she quickly pressed her fingers to his lips and glanced at the surveillance camera above.
"Nope... There's a camera there. Uncle Quentin checks it every day. It'll be embarrassing if he sees us."
Justin agreed.
While it is natural for couples to be affectionate, unlike animals, humans should consider the place and time for it.
"Justin, this medicine is really rare. I
had asked my brother and Arnold to
look for it before, but they had no luck. How did you get it?" Bella hesitated for a moment before asking. 
Justin's long lashes fluttered. However, he spoke frankly to his woman, holding nothing back. "When I went to Meridan, I tried many ways and pulled many strings, but I kept hitting dead ends. In the end, I had no choice but to seek help from my eldest brother."
Bella was astonished. "You asked your eldest brother? Was he the one who gave you the medicine?"
"Yes. He has been living in Meridan for over a decade, always seeking medical advice there. Besides, he made a lot of connections in the medical field, and he's close with the Reeds, so I thought he might be able
to help." 
Justin's eyes showed a mixture of relief and gratitude. "Thankfully, it worked out. Though it took a few days, I got the medicine."
Bella suddenly sat up, her eyes suspiciously fixed on Justin, making him uneasy.
"What's wrong, Bella? Did I say something wrong?" Fearful of his wife, the mighty president of Salvador immediately began self-reflecting. "It has nothing to do with you."
Bella's eyebrows knitted tightly as she pondered. "I just have this strange feeling. Something's not right."
###chapter1646
"Strange?" Justin frowned.
"It's not surprising for your older brother to be able to access the medicine, considering he was deeply involved in Meridan for many years. The Reeds were willing to work with the Salvador family because of him."
Bella's beautiful face darkened. "But how did Christopher manage to get it?"
This question left Justin puzzled.
"He's the abandoned son of the Iverson family who has been living in Sentania. How could he possibly have connections in Meridan?"
The more Bella thought about it, the more uneasy she felt. She said, "I've got this eerie feeling that perhaps Christopher might know your older brother."
Justin blurted out, "How is that possible?"
But then he immediately recalled that the woman named Clarice Amaryllis had the same scent as Christopher.
Although it was too quick to assume they knew each other based on this alone, that suspicion lingered in his mind and would not go away.
Suddenly, there was a loud, urgent knock on the door!
The two exchanged a glance and quickly got up to open it.
Standing outside was another one of Wyatt's executive assistants. It was not Quentin, but still a trusted confidant.
"Ms. Thompson! There's an emergency!" The secretary was extremely anxious, sweating profusely.
Bella's heart skipped a beat. "Is it about my father?!"
Justin quickly wrapped his arm around her waist, pulling her into his embrace and silently comforting her.
"The chairman suddenly felt unwell! You should come with me to the meeting room right now!"
"Wyatt! What's wrong, Wyatt?" Cameron, who was sitting closest to Wyatt, shouted, successfully drawing everyone's attention to Wyatt's trembling body.
At this moment, Wyatt was gripping his uncontrollably shaking legs, his head buried. Now, ears ringing, and heart racing abnormally fast. He did not dare to raise his head as he could feel
muscles in his face
twitching uncontrollably, almost like
he had Parkinson's disease.
The board members exchanged bewildered glances, wanting to check on him but hesitating.
"The meeting today ends here," Wyatt said in a deep voice, cold sweat pouring down. By the time he got to the last two words, he felt his tongue go numb, almost unable to speak clearly. "Wyatt, what's happening to you?"
Cameron's face was full of concern
as he tentatively moved closer, a glint of malice flashing in his eyes "You look terrible. Why are you
ov
shaking so much? Are you having an episode? Should I call an
ambulance?" 
"I'm fine... No need!" Wyatt exclaimed. His eyes were red as he shoved Cameron away, causing him to stumble awkwardly.
Cameron had always liked to show off his influence. He often flaunted his status as the younger brother of the richest man in Hatchbay to gain respect.
Now that he was being treated like
this in front of everyone, he was instantly furious, and he pressed on. "Wyatt, I'm only concerned about your health! Don't push yourself. Going to the hospital is more important!" 
"There's no need to trouble you, Mr. Cameron."
Quentin quickly arrived upon hearing the commotion and positioned himself to block Cameron with his body, moving quickly to assist Wyatt. "Hey! What's going on here?!" Cameron's eyes widened as he pointed to Wyatt's lower body.
Everyone followed his gaze.
###chapter1647
Wyatt felt a sudden wetness in his crotch. Warm liquid was running down his legs and pooling on the floor.
Quentin was momentarily stunned, as if struck by lightning. But he quickly regained his composure and shouted to everyone, "The meeting is over! Please leave immediately!"
Wyatt's face was drained of color as he slowly lowered his head and stared at the puddle. His mind went blank. He had been a powerful and proud figure all his life, always commanding respect and exuding an aura of authority. He had never felt so humiliated, dirty, and wretched.
At that moment, the immense shame overshadowed the fear and pain brought by his illness.
As the esteemed head of a powerful conglomerate and the pillar of his family, he was so ashamed and angry that he wanted to die.
At this time, two rows of bodyguards in black suits filed in from outside the door, swiftly clearing everyone out and guarding the entrance to the meeting room.
Amidst the chaos, Cameron secretly pulled out his phone, a gloating smirk on his face as he attempted to capture the scene. But before he could even activate the camera, he felt a sharp pain in his wrist, causing him to drop his phone instantly!
"Ah!"
Cameron winced in pain, clutching his wrist as he stepped back. He bumped into Justin, who was holding his phone, his sharp gaze icy and menacing.
With a flick of his hand, Justin dropped the phone to the ground. He then stomped on it, crushing the screen into pieces.
"You... You...!" Cameron's face turned red with anger, but he dared not curse at Justin.
"Sorry, I didn't see it," Justin said coldly, kicking the broken phone away. "I'll have someone send you a new one later."
"Hmph! No need. It's just a phone. I'm not that petty!"
Cameron seethed with rage, but he knew staying longer would not end well for him. He said coldly, "Wyatt, with so many people protecting you, you don't need my care. Take care and rest well!" 
With that, Cameron left without looking back.
Justin and Quentin quickly helped Wyatt sit down. Quentin held Wyatt's hand tightly as tears streamed down his face. "Chairman Thompson, hang in there. I've already called an ambulance!" "No, don't call an ambulance." Wyatt's tongue was so swollen that he could barely speak.
"I understand, I understand! We will keep this as discreet as possible."
Justin saw Wyatt's pale face and the puddle on the floor. He instantly understood the situation. Watching Bella's father in such torment and humiliation, his heart ached
indescribably as if it were vel?
knife. 
by a
Without hesitation, he took off his suit jacket and kneeled to clean up the puddle.
"President Salvador! You..." Quentin was shocked, his eyes widening in shock.
"Uncle Wyatt, it's alright. It's all
cleaned up now," Justin said calmly,
holding the soiled jacket. His
expression was gentle and
composed. "With Bella and me here, you don't need to worry about anything." 
Wyatt's throat tightened with emotion, a mix of gratitude and shame flooding his heart. "Justin... Thank you..."
Justin shook his head, his eyes bright and sincere. "It's nothing."
On the other side....
###chapter1648
Bella and Justin split up to handle the situation. Justin assisted Quentin in looking after Wyatt, while Bella gathered all the board members, except for Cameron, into another meeting room for a private discussion.
After all, only Bella, the future true successor of KS Group and the formidable heiress of the Thompson family, had the authority to do so.
At this moment, the atmosphere in the room was tense, filled with whispers and complaints.
These board members were all prominent figures in the business community of Hatchbay or shareholders of KS Group. They had known Wyatt for decades.
They respected Wyatt because he was the leader of the conglomerate and was capable of bringing them success and wealth.
But what was Bella doing here? No matter how much Wyatt doted on her, she was still an inexperienced girl in their eyes. If anyone from the Thompson family were to step forward in place of Wyatt, it should be Asher, the CEO of KS Group. What authority did Bella have to address them?
Upon hearing about the situation at the company, Steven promptly made his way to Bella. The two of them stood together, like back in Savrow when they fought side by side to make their mark.
Bella sat elegantly at the head of the conference table, coldly eyeing the chattering old men.
Seeing these old men being so disrespectful to Bella, Steven gritted his teeth in anger. "Ms. Bella, these old geezers are really annoying, like ducks quacking!"
Bella's beautiful eyes darkened as she suddenly raised her voice. "Gentlemen, may I have a word?"
No one in the crowd paid her any attention.
Already worried about Wyatt's condition, Bella completely lost her patience. She raised her slender, well-defined hand high and slammed it heavily on the table. Bang! Bang! Bang!
Three deafening knocks shocked the room, almost giving a few board members a heart attack.
"Ms. Thompson, what's the meaning of locking us in here?"
"Exactly! We're busy people and we have other things to do!"
"Also, what's going on with Chairman Thompson's illness? Wasn't he supposed to be recovered? It looks worse than we thought. Can he still manage daily operations?" "Yeah, he even had an accident."
Bella's eyes were bloodshot and her heart was aching, but her expression remained icy and proud. "Gentlemen, uncles, and esteemed seniors, you have been friends of my father for decades and stood by him and KS Group through thick and thin.I believe your questions stem from concern for my father and worry for KS Group. I completely understand." 
She continued, "And the reason I've gathered you all here is precisely to address this issue."
Her presence was overwhelmingly powerful. Her words were strong, eloquent, and impeccably poised. Even ten capable men combined might not match her strength.
The room fell silent, and control shifted back to Bella.
She continued, "My father's importance to the KS Group is well known to everyone here. His every move, even a minor ailment, affects KS Group's stock price and reputation, which directly impacts all shareholders and board members."
Bella turned slightly with a faint smile on her lips. "Gentlemen, let's be honest. You might not like to hear this, but imagine you have all profited handsomely from following my father these years. After all you're all elite figures in the O industry-respectable and influential. Surely none of you would be so ungrateful as to bite the hand that
feeds you, correct?" 
The room fell silent. Bella's sarcasm and mockery could not have been more direct. They served as a clear warning to any potential troublemakers.
"Ms. Thompson, we understand what you're saying. We all care deeply about Chairman Thompson and the interests of the group. None of us would act against the company's interests. It would be self- destructive."
One of the board members tried to ease the tension.
The others quickly nodded in agreement.
"That's right, we know none of you are like that." Bella said, leaning forward, her fingers interlaced in a steeple, Her expression was a mix of amusement and seriousness. "However, I am a businesswoman.
el?
Just like my father, I believe in actions and not words." 
With that, she glanced at Steven, signaling him with a look.
###chapter1649
Steven solemnly nodded and pulled out a stack of documents from his briefcase, handing them out to the board members one by one.
"A confidentiality agreement?!" The group was surprised, feeling somewhat embarrassed. They could not help but question, “Ms. Thompson, what do you mean by this? We've all been your father's partners for many years, and we have accompanied him through thick and thin. Do you really distrust us like this? Are you looking down on us?"
Bella's gaze remained steady and composed. She calmly replied, "Gentlemen, you're overreacting. My intention is solely to protect my father, the KS Group, and the board of directors to the fullest extent. It has nothing to do with respect or disrespect. The confidentiality agreement is merely a safeguard. It restrains those with ulterior motives. You're not just my father's business partners. You all are his friends as well. I trust that none of you would do anything to tarnish my father's reputation. This agreement is just to ensure nothing goes wrong. Otherwise, we wouldn't need to sign any contracts when discussing business, would we?"
Bella's opinion was taken into consideration. There was no reason for anyone not to sign. Otherwise, wouldn't they fit her definition of "those with ulterior motives"?
Soon, all the confidentiality agreements were signed. Steven's eyebrows furrowed as he leaned down to whisper in Bella's ear, "Ms. Bella, Cameron is not here."
"I know. Don't worry. We'll deal with that later," Bella replied, her eyes darkening.
With all the agreements collected, the directors had already lost their patience. They did not even bother to greet Bella before heading for the door.
"Now that all the directors have signed, I must remind you," Bella said, turning her chair to face away from them, her voice icy. "KS Group has very strict rules and regulations. The most important one is that, as board members, none of you can harm KS Group's interests. Any violation of these rules will result in immediate expulsion from the board, with no possibility of reappointment. Do you all understand?"
A heavy silence fell over the board members, feeling as if a weight had settled on their chests. They had nothing to say and hurriedly left.
The meeting room returned to silence.
In an instant, Bella felt as if all her strength had drained away. She covered her face with her hands, her slender waist bending slowly.
She knew that Wyatt would be okay with Justin and Quentin by his side.
Bella wanted to rush to her father's side immediately, but this was the first time she had faced such a crisis. This was the biggest challenge the Thompson family had ever encountered. She tried hard to control her emotions, but her heart was still pounding uncontrollably. 
"Don't be afraid, Ms. Bella." Steven kneeled beside her, his eyes red with emotion as he tried to comfort her. "We're all here. Chairman Thompson will be fine, and KS Group will be fine too!" Taking a deep breath, Bella removed her hands from her face, her complexion as pale as snow.
"Steve, thank you for coming so quickly."
"What are you saying?" Steven widened his clear eyes and gazed intently at her. "No matter what happens, I will always be loyal to you!"
"I know, but I still feel very sorry. I apologize to you and Amelia." Bella's voice choked with bitterness. "But don't worry, I will find a suitable replacement for the secretary position as soon as possible, so I won't trouble you for too long."
"No, Ms. Bella. I'm willing to be your secretary." Steven couldn't bear to hear such words and shook his head repeatedly. "I don't care about high-ranking positions or wealth. just hope to help you through difficulties and ensure your peace of mind. If you still trust me and don't mind that I'm not as capable as before, then please... Hire me again as your secretary." 
Bella choked up again, unable to express her gratitude.
On their way to the chairman's office, Steven asked again, "Ms. Bella, isn't there a potential risk in excluding Cameron this time? He's known for being unreliable and outspoken, and he hasn't even signed the confidentiality
agreement. He'll likely cause
trouble
behind the scenes." 
"I know."
###chapter1650
Bella walked briskly ahead and said, "I left that trap on purpose for him. I was just waiting for him to take the bait."
"What?" Steven was shocked.
"Did you seriously think that confidentiality agreement had any real use?" Bella's eyes were cold as ice. "There are no secrets that can't be uncovered. Even if Wyatt didn't go to the hospital, news of his collapse at the company would get out. Cameron witnessed it firsthand and probably thinks he's caught a golden opportunity to strike back. He's probably thrilled to exploit it. If you want to trap him, you first need to let him act. If he doesn't make a move, how can I make mine?"
Steven understood and gave Bella a thumbs up. "Wow! Ms. Bella, you really are cunning-no, I mean, clever and resourceful!"
When Bella arrived, the medical team had just left. Wyatt's condition had stabilized, but his spirits were at an all-time low.
"Have you told the family?" Bella asked Justin, her eyes teary and red.
Justin shook his head gently and put his arm around her waist, pulling her close to his chest.
"Although they'll have to know sooner or later, let's not tell them for now," Justin said with concern. "Your father is not doing well and needs some peace."
Bella lowered her eyes and rested her forehead against Justin's broad shoulder. Her clenched fists were trembling. As Wyatt's daughter, and given their similar personalities, Bella could understand how much Wyatt was suffering inside.
"Is everything sorted out over there? If you need my help, just say so. Don't bear it all alone." Justin took this opportunity to speak his mind, but his words were sincere.
"It's fine... Everything has been taken care of." Bella leaned against him weakly, sniffing.
"My wife is truly amazing." Justin couldn't help but kiss her cheek, his heart pounding. He was ready to take any scolding or beating for her.
She was his wife, and there was no denying it anymore.
"What's really going on with Dad's health?" Bella asked, rubbing her eyes with worry etched on her face.
"The medical team came, but given the limitations here, they could only stabilize his condition temporarily. He needs to go to the hospital for further examination. But he doesn't want to go." 
Bella was furious. "At this point, how can he still care about his pride? Is pride more important than his life?"
Justin held her trembling hand, smiling wryly. "Honestly, for someone like your father, who has been noble all his life, pride might actually be more important than his life." A gentleman would rather die than be humiliated.
"The last time Aaron came over, it caused such a scene. We can't ask Arnold to help again this time."
Bella sighed in frustration, "If it were a broken arm or leg, I could handle it. But when it comes to neurology, it's really out of my capability..."
"In the end, it's all my fault."
Justin was filled with guilt and bitterness. "It must be the
Inet
medication. The effects were too strong and caused side effects. didn't think it through enough. shouldn't have given it to himso easily..." 
"Justin, don't blame yourself. It's not your fault," Bella said as she gently caressed his cheek. She then walked over to her father.
At that moment, Wyatt was lying completely motionless on the sofa with his back to them, covered by a blanket. Bella felt a painful lump in her throat.
All her life, her father's presence had
been like an insurmountable
mountain to her, protecting her from everything when she was a child. As she grew up, he stood behind her, giving her his full support. 
But now, he suddenly seemed so old to her. He lay there silently, curled up into a pitiful, frail old man.
She called softly, "Wyatt, hey, hey."
###chapter1651
Bella squatted next to the bed, gently nudging Wyatt twice.
She tried to sound casual and comforting. "What's wrong? Feeling embarrassed? Come on, it's no big deal. In this day and age, who would dare to talk about this? Wouldn't that just be dragging themselves down? Besides, the entire KS Group belongs to the Thompson family. If it were me, I would take a dump at the front gate, and people would come around and praise me for it. Who would dare spread rumors?" Justin and Quentin were speechless.
Although they knew Bella was trying to comfort Wyatt, a more refined choice of words might have been better.
Wyatt remained silent, lying there with his back turned to her.
"Wyatt, you've weathered countless storms. You won't let something this small bring you down, right?" Bella was starting to feel anxious. "Wyatt! Can you stop being so weak? Pull yourself together. You have so many kids and wives to look after. What will we do if you collapse?"
"Bella," Wyatt finally said. His voice was so hoarse that it was almost inaudible. "Have I disappointed you?"
Bella's heart jumped. "Dad, what are you talking about? No, of course not!"
"I even hate myself... You all must find me incredibly troublesome," Wyatt said, his body stiffening as he curled up even more. "Bella, do you know what I was thinking at that moment? I was thankful that your mother passed away earlier... Otherwise, if she saw me now, how disgusted and disappointed she'd be..."
He had not forgotten that Justin was right beside him. His willingness to show such vulnerability proved that he no longer saw Justin as an outsider.
"Dad..." Bella's lips trembled. She choked up, unable to speak.
"Justin."
"Yes, Uncle Wyatt. I'm here." Justin stepped forward quickly, standing side by side with Bella.
"In the past, I hated you, scolded you, and hit you... I repeatedly tried to separate you and Bella. I know I was over the line, but now... I want to ask for your forgiveness. I'm sorry."
Justin was stunned, completely taken aback, and at a loss for words. "No, Uncle Wyatt! Please don't think that way. I've never blamed you, and I never thought you were wrong. You don't need to apologize to me!"
"From now on... I'm entrusting my most beloved, precious daughter to you," Wyatt said in a muffled voice. "I know your character and your love for Bella are beyond doubt. There's just one thing. You must manage the Salvador Corporation wett. In the future, you must become as wealthy as
I am. Don't let my daughter live a single day in poverty. Besides that, I
have nothing more to say."
Quentin could hardly believe his ears, his eyes brimming with uncontrollable joy.
Justin's heart pounded like a drum. He looked into the eyes of the shy woman beside him with a bright, intense gaze. "Don't worry. I will continue to work hard and bring all the best things in the world to Bella." 
But what Bella wanted, she had already received. To her, the most beautiful thing in the world was Justin's love.
At that moment, the phone rang. Seeing it was her older brother calling, she answered immediately, "Ash!"
"Bella, Uncle Quentin contacted me. I
already know about Dad's situation."
Asher's voice was deep yet reassuringly calm. "You and Justin should bring Dad to our family hospital immediately. Arnold is here with me, and he'll be treating Dad." 
"Arnold? Arnold is back?!" Bella exclaimed in delight.
"Yes, he's back," Asher replied, taking a deep breath, his voice so gentle it was almost intoxicating. "This time, I don't want him to leave again.”
###chapter1652
"Hahaha! Cecily! Quick, bring out the best wine we have at home. I want to drink and celebrate!" Cameron, feeling exhilarated after watching a good show today, burst into loud laughter as he entered the house, startling the golden parrot nearby into flapping its wings wildly.
"Why isn't he dead yet? Why isn't he dead yet?" The parrot squawked in a high-pitched voice, mimicking Cameron's tone perfectly.
"Haha! My precious, your timing is impeccable! This time, that old man is really close to dying-really close! Hahaha!" Cameron grinned broadly, puckering his lips to tease the bird.
"Dad, who's shouting in the middle of the afternoon? You woke me up from my nap," Cecily yawned as she descended the stairs, her long hair loose around her shoulders. She asked lazily, "What happened to make you so happy?"
Cameron leisurely sat on the sofa, his lips curling into a sinister smile. "This afternoon at the board meeting, Wyatt had a seizure in front of everyone!"
"Really?!" Cecily's face lit up with joy.
From a young age, she grew up hearing her father's endless frustration and complaints.
Influenced by this, Cecily came to see their family's number one enemy as her uncle's family.
Cameron constantly bragged in front of her about how great he was, claiming that his older brother suppressed him because he was jealous of his talent. He blamed his brother for his lack of success, reducing him to just a board member in the company. As a result, Cecily was thoroughly brainwashed.
Cecily hated her uncle and, even more so, despised Bella, who had always seemed as unattainable as a noble swan.
"Hmph, that's not all. He even wet his pants in front of all the board members! Hahaha..."
"Oh my gosh! That's so disgusting!" Cecily looked repulsed but couldn't help laughing.
Cameron pulled his daughter into a hug and excitedly kissed her on the cheek. "Cecily, you have no idea how satisfying it was for me! After
bottling up my resentment for
decades, I finally got to releasel.net?
Even Wyatt himself couldn't have imagined he would end up in such a pathetic state. He can't even control his bladder, let alone the KS Group!
He should just step down!"
As he spoke, a glint of vicious hatred flashed in his eyes. "No, I don't only want him to step down. I want the whole world to know about his disgrace!"
"Even if he doesn't die, I want to
destroy him socially, ruin his reputation, and make sure he can never hold his head high again!" Cameron's words were so fierce and malicious that even Cecily felt a chill run down her spine. 
"Your uncle has always been domineering and overbearing since he was young. He took whatever good things he wanted, and he even hogged that woman. He has no one to blame for his downfall but himself-it's all his own doing!" 
Cecily couldn't help but gasp, "Dad, what woman?"
Cameron gritted his teeth tightly and didn't answer her. The woman he referred to was none other than Wyatt's wife and Bella's mother-Yara Brown.
Yara was the most stunning woman he had ever seen in his life, with an infinite charm that captivated anyone who laid eyes on her.
Yet, despite him being her savior, Yara ultimately chose Wyatt.
As a young master of the prestigious Thompson family, why did Cameron have to live in his brother's shadow, unable to even compete for the woman he loved?
How could he not be filled with hatred? His hatred was so intense that it made his heart bleed.
"Dad, what are you planning to do next?" Cecily asked curiously.
"Hmph, do those people actually believe I'm powerless and they're in control of the situation just because they managed to calm the situation? They've underestimated me way too much."
###chapter1653
Cameron took Cecily's hand and held it in his palm, his eyes sparkling with excitement.
"Sweetie, just wait and see. Our good days are ahead."
"Dad, after you take down Uncle Wyatt and officially take control of KS Group, can you use your influence to help me snatch Justin away from Bella?" Cecily asked as she hugged his arm, her eyes full of anticipation.
"Justin?! Never!" Cameron angrily shrugged her off. The thought of the humiliation that brat had brought upon him twice and his smashed phone made his blood boil.
"Why?! Weren't you fully supportive of me being with Justin before?" Cecily frowned and pouted. "Is being the father-in-law of the president of Salvador Corporation not good enough for you?" "You can marry anyone in the future. Pick and choose among the rich young masters from Hatchbay and Savrow, but not Justin!"
Cameron felt increasingly humiliated as he thought about it, glaring as he stood up. "For now, put those thoughts aside. Once I deal with Wyatt and successfully seize control of the company, I'll find you a good match. Cecily, trust me. The future husband that I choose for you will definitely not be inferior to Justin. In matters of marriage, I will not let you be second to Bella!"
As Bella expected, there were no secrets that could not be uncovered.
Christopher, who had eyes and ears all around Hatchbay and near the Thompson family, quickly received news of Wyatt's sudden relapse and hospitalization.
"Mr. Iverson, this is quite strange," Taylor said as he stood by, watching his master play chess.
"Justin just received the medicine a couple of days ago. Even if the medication only works temporarily, his condition should have immediately improved. Why was he suddenly hospitalized? If it has reached the point of hospitalization, the condition must be serious. What's going on?"
"It's the side effects," Christopher replied coldly, his gold-rimmed glasses gleaming.
His pale hand picked up a black chess piece and captured a white one on the board. "Medicine is sometimes poison. This type of fast-acting and aggressive medication is seventy percent poison After all, Wyatt is getting old. If he doesn't consider his age and forcefully takes medication, it can cause significant harm to his body, akin to drinking poison to quench his thirst. The last time I gave it to him, it saved his life. If given again, it might just kill him." 
Taylor was shocked. "You mean... you didn't actually intend to help Wyatt from the beginning, but instead..."
"The medicine was requested by
Justin, and gave it as a favor," Christopher interrupted. "Not only that, it could cause significant trouble for the Thompson family. Why wouldn't I take advantage of that?" .
Despite his words, Christopher's expression betrayed a hint of concern. Christopher still cared about Grant's attitude toward Bella.
"Ah, Mr. Iverson, you truly are wise." Taylor almost uttered the words "deviously cunning" but swallowed them back.
"No one can match you, whether it's the Thompson family or the Salvador family. Both sides are secretly under your control."
Christopher took another white piece and sighed deeply. "In this game, however he wants to play it, will unconditionally support him. he wants someone dead, I won't bat an eye, even if it's Wyatt or Asher. But only Bella. As long as he doesn't touch Bella, I'll be content,
Taylor pondered for a moment before asking softly, "Mr. Iverson, should we inform Chairman Iverson about Wyatt's current situation?"
"The trap I instructed you to release, have you done it?" Christopher narrowed his sharp eyes.
"Yes, it's been done according to your instructions."
"Good, then let Lance know. If we don't say it, the news will leak soon enough." Christopher's lips curled sinisterly. "I can't wait to see that man struggle to use his remaining energy." Taylor chuckled. "Remaining energy? You're really overestimating him. I think it's more like a dying gasp."
###chapter1654
At nightfall, the dutiful Christopher arrived at the Iverson Manor to have dinner with Lance.
The once lively banquet table was now desolate and quiet, with only the two of them remaining.
During the meal, Christopher told Lance about the Thompson family's situation. Lance slapped his thigh, laughing heartily. "Haha! I wondered why Wyatt hasn't been attending any events lately. Turns out, he is sick and in the ICU! He used to brag about his health to me. What a joke! With so many women around him, who wouldn't be worn out?"
Christopher lowered his eyes and sipped on his water.
"My good son, you have brought me fantastic news!" Lance laughed, raising his glass toward him. "With Wyatt down, the Thompson family and KS Group must be in chaos, trying to keep up appearances and stay calm. If we can finish off Asher as well, KS Group will be left without a leader. We will have the chance to avenge ourselves and wipe away our past humiliations!"
At that moment, a voice interrupted, "Dad! The opportunity has come for our Iverson Group!"
James, who had not shown his face in a long time, walked quickly into the dining room. Despite his efforts to restrain his expression, his lips twitched with excitement.
"James, what are you up to now?" Lance had completely lost faith in him and waved his hand impatiently. "I told you, you do not need to handle Iverson's affairs anymore. Christopher is enough. Also, have you packed your things? When are you planning to go and take over the branch in the Philippines?"
Three consecutive questions, each one telling him to get lost!
James's eyes were bloodshot as he stared viciously at Christopher's calm face. He did not want to go to the Philippines and waste away. He wanted to stay and turn the tide in his favor.
"Dad, if I heard correctly, you want to finish off Asher?" James smiled sinisterly. "I have a way to quickly bring him down and drag him from his position as CEO."
"You? With what?" Lance laughed, full of disdain.
"I know a secret. This secret will shake the nation, completely ruin Asher's reputation, and destroy his future!"
Christopher elegantly lifted his glass again and sipped on his water, not because he was thirsty, but rather to hide the smile threatening to emerge.
"Hmph, such big talk." Lance tossed his napkin onto the table. "Tell me your secret. If it works, you can start eating at this table again tomorrow."
"If it works, I want more than a seat at the table. I want my position as CEO back!" James glared at Christopher.
Lance frowned. "You-"
"Dad, let's go with what James said," Christopher interjected humbly. "The position was originally his. It's understandable that he is
dissatisfied with the change. But it's fine. We're family, after all. If James truly has a way to deal with Asher, let him resume his role as CEO of Iverson Corporation. I wilbbe content being a board member and
executive director." 
Lance felt a renewed appreciation for his younger son's accommodating attitude and found James even more unbearable.
James leaned close to his father's ear, speaking in a trembling voice of excitement. "Asher is gay!"
Lance was stunned, staring at him. "What did you say?!"

"Dad, I have evidence, irrefutable evidence!" James's eyes gleamed. "Not only do know that he is gay, k also know who his male lover is! Once I release the evidence, Asher will be completely ruined. It's a stain he can never wash away, and he will never command such respect again!" 
"Who is his lover?" Lance's interest was piqued.
"Someone you would never dream of," James replied with a sinister smirk. "If I expose their relationship, it will not only be the end of Asher but will cause a tsunami in the business circles of Hatchbay and Savrow! Just imagine what would happen if the bedridden Wyatt found out his eldest son was a despised homosexual. Would he not be so enraged as to die on the spot?" 
Lance burst into laughter. He knew Wyatt's temperament well. It would certainly kill him! He demanded. "Show me the photos first. I want to enjoy them!"
"Dad, leave it to me. Once it is done, you will have plenty to admire." James insisted, not wanting to show them yet, fearing Christopher would interfere and steal his glory.
"Since James has a plan, as his brother, I wish him success in advance." Christopher raised his glass, offering a harmless smile.
###chapter1655
That evening, Wyatt was admitted to a VIP ward at the Thompson family's hospital in Hatchbay. When Bella and Justin brought him in, Asher and Arnold were already waiting.
It had only been a few days, but Bella noticed that Arnold looked much thinner and visibly exhausted, as if he had just recovered from a serious illness. There was no time for small talk. As the medical staff wheeled Wyatt into the examination room, Arnold followed them immediately.
Before entering, Arnold glanced back at Asher, his lips parting slightly as he mouthed, "Don't worry, I'm here."
As the door closed, everyone's hearts sank. Asher stared fixedly at the door. His breathing stifled as he felt an intense pang of anxiety. He was worried about his father's condition and about Arnold's health. That morning, Arnold mentioned that his back wound was still aching. Asher had wanted him to rest more, but upon hearing about Wyatt's situation, Arnold had jumped up as if invigorated, insisting on returning to Hatchbay.
During the trip back, Asher gripped the steering wheel with one hand while Arnold played with his other hand. The little fox would squeeze and rub it, not wanting to let go.
Asher said, "Your body is barely recovered, and now you are taking on such intense work. You can't handle it."
"I'm a man. I'm not as fragile as you think. Don't worry," Arnold replied, emphasizing his manhood, as if afraid that Asher was bewitched by his overly beautiful face and would abandon him after the passion faded, just as he had done before.
"I know you're a man," Asher responded while staring ahead, his voice slightly hoarse. "I know what I'm doing. There has never been a moment when I was clearer than when I was with you that night." Arnold had gazed longingly at Asher's handsome profile, not hiding his burning desire. The next second, he leaned over and planted a deeply affectionate kiss on Asher's cheek. Asher's deep eyes were filled with hidden emotion. The hand that Arnold tightly held finally squeezed back.
"From now on, I will take care of Dad's illness. Don't think about finding another doctor for him. You can only rely on me," Arnold said as he lifted his chin proudly. This time, when Arnold called Wyatt, "Dad", it was loud and clear, without hesitation.
Asher did not show much reaction, but there was a slight quiver in his throat. A feeling of warmth spread through his heart.
"Ash, after things went so badly last time, how did you get Arnold to come back from the Larson family?" Bella was naturally curious and asked about everything.
Asher's heart pounded violently, guilt
and bitterness filling his chest. That night, he had indeed gone to the Larson family and waited outside for a long time. But in the end, he left. Asher did not know that Arnold had endured family punishment, was imprisoned, and had stood by the window as he left. 
When Yuri examined Arnold's injuries, he found not only bruises but also multiple abrasions and cuts, as if Arnold had fought his way out of a battlefield. Asher dared think deeply about how much effort Arnold had expended to escape that cage and come to him that night. 
"If only I had waited for him a little longer that day..." Asher murmured, his voice hoarse.
"Ash, what did you say?" Bella did not hear clearly.
"Bella, let me ask you a question."
Asher slowly turned his handsome, pale face towards her, his eyes dark and heavy as he met her gaze.
"If one day you found out that I've done many things beyond your comprehension, things you couldn't possibly accept, or if you discovered that I'm not as good as you thought and that I'm not even a decent person by common standards, what Would you do?" 
###chapter1656
Asher asked, "Bella, do you hate me for deceiving you?"
Bella widened her beautiful eyes. Hate?! Such a heavy word. She had never thought about it, much less expected her brother to ask her this one day.
"Ash, did something happen? Why are you asking me this all of a sudden?" Bella grasped his strong arms with both hands and gently squeezed them. "Ash, just tell me what is going on. Don't scare me like this, please."
Asher looked down in silence, his expression darkening.
"Ash, no matter what you have done, you will always be my big brother! I won't hate you!" Perhaps too many things had happened, and now hearing Asher's somber words, Bella's emotions momentarily unraveled. Her voice choked with sobs. "No matter what happens, you will always be the best in my heart! You're irreplaceable!"
"You little fool... You..." Asher gave her a bitter smile. His large hand gently ruffled her soft hair.
Justin silently watched from the side. In the past, he might have been bubbling with jealousy. But at this moment, his attention was entirely on Asher. He sensed that Asher had something heavy on his mind. This brother-in-law had always been very mysterious in his eyes. Since their perilous adventure on South Island, Justin has become more convinced that Asher has an unknown yet thrilling past. Suddenly, chaotic footsteps approached.
"Bella! Ash!"
The three of them turned around simultaneously, stunned!
"Aunt Mila?! Why... Why are all of you here?!"
Wyatt's three wives, along with Axel, Ralph, Amelia, and even Declan, who was far away in Dawnford, had all taken leave and rushed over. Almost the entire Thompson family was here.
Bella and Asher immediately stood up, exchanging bewildered glances. But the news was not something they had disclosed to the family.
Seeing the Thompson family had
arrived, with Declan among them, Justin pursed his thin lips, sensibly retreating two steps to hide his
presence. Fortunately, Ryan way ne
present. If Ryan saw Justin in this humble state, he would certainly mock him. 
not
"Bella, how did Dad's illness worsen to this point?!" Axel, anxious and breathless, asked, "How could he lose control in public?!"
Bella was suddenly stunned. "Ax, how... How did you find out?!"
Justin's heart tightened, his dark eyes flashing coldly. Instinctively, Cameron's name appeared in his mind.
"Huh, I could not imagine that, as Wyatt Thompson's son, I actually found out about such an earth-shattering event from the internet!"
Bella was utterly shocked. "What? The internet?!"
"Ash, I know you don't want us to worry, but you should consider the overall situation!" Axel loved his little sister dearly and could not bear to be angry at Bella, so he vented his frustration on Asher. 
"You kept it from us, not letting us know Dad's condition immediately. Is that reasonable? Do you genuinely not want us to worry, or do you not trust us to help shoulder the burden for the family?!" sw?novel.net
Asher's brows furrowed tightly, the bitterness in his heart growing stronger.
"Ax, you should not speak to Ash like that. That's too much!" Declan, knowing Axel's impatience, hurriedly stepped forward to pull his arm back.
"Yes, Ax, how can you doubt Ash?"
###chapter1657
Ralph also chimed in. "Ash has always taken the lead in everything, always thinking about every single person in the family. He has endured hardships and grievances without uttering a word. Ash does not owe us anything. Everything he has done is for this family. No matter how anxious you are, you should not say such hurtful things!"
Axel was stunned, realizing he had gone too far. He could only bite his lip and turn away.
Seeing the Thompson brothers' reddened faces, Justin felt a pang of discomfort. The bond among the Thompson siblings was what he yearned for. He hoped more than anyone else that they would remain warm and harmonious.
"Someone posted online a video of your father during the company's meeting when he had his episode." Mila's eyes were red, clearly having cried before coming. "It has already spread nationwide. Even Camilla and your brother-in-law, who are far away in Sentania, received the news. They have just boarded a plane back to Hatchbay and will arrive in five hours. They will get to Wyatt's side as soon as possible."
Bella's blood ran cold, and she quickly picked up her phone. The top trending search was the video, with a mark indicating its viral status. The video showed her father in the most vulnerable state of his illness. It was a sight Wyatt would never want others to see.
Bella scrolled through the vile comments beneath the video, her eyes burning with rage and tears. Some people even insulted and slandered her closest relatives.
At that moment, a strong hand suddenly covered her screen. Bella looked up through her tear-filled eyes and met Justin's intense and comforting gaze. It instantly infused her with an invisible strength.
"Bella, don't mind the nonsense online. Those people might be paid trolls arranged by the instigators. They want to mess with your mindset and make you lose your rationale. If you get angry, you will fall right into their trap." Justin said, gently pulling her into his arms. The delicate and soft woman pouted, immediately nestling into his embrace like a little kitten.
Although this was not the time to be jealous, the Thompson brothers could not help but feel a pang of envy.
They remembered how, in the past,
their little sister would seek comfort
in their arms whenever she was upset. But now, Justin had entirely taken over their role, making them feel as desolate as middle-aged men who had lost their jobs. 
"Bella, don't panic." Justin patted her back gently, his voice soft with reassurance. The slander and accusations online are nothing to fear. As long as we stand united, we will be as strong as a rock, and no one can break us apart. Also your brothers are all here, accompanying you and your father. When your father sees everyone, he will surely be happy, which will be good for his health." 
Bella nodded slowly, using his tie to wipe away her tears. Justin's eyes curled into a loving smile, showing no ion. His gaze was filled with adoration.
Declan silently watched the couple's sweet interaction. Recalling Justin's earlier words, his eyes warmed. For some reason, the man he once hated to the bone seemed a little more likable.
"Ash, we need to contact the KS
Group public relations department immediately to control the
comments and delete those harmful messages about Dad online," Bella said, her eyes suddenly sharp with determination. 
"Have them hold an emergency meeting to discuss countermeasures. The legal department must draft a statement and a lawyer's letter right away to hold those who spread the video accountable!"
Asher reassured her, "Don't worry, Bella. I will handle these things."
"I have already instructed lan to manage the comment control and post deletions," Justin added, always thinking ahead of her.
Bella's tension finally eased a bit, but her mood remained heavy, as if she had swallowed a fly.
At that moment, the door to the consultation room opened. Arnold, dressed in a white coat, walked out with a somber expression as he removed his mask.
###chapter1658
The Thompson family was quite surprised to see Arnold. Mila's eyes widened, and she rushed to him. "Why are you here?!"
"Uncle Wyatt is in trouble. I would be here even if I had to crawl, Aunt Mila." Arnold's delicate face was covered in sweat as he raised the corners of his lips slightly.
Mila felt a pang of guilt and lowered her eyes. She had been the one to drive him away, causing a scene with the Larson family and making Arnold feel humiliated in front of the Thompson family. However, seeing the Thompson family in trouble, Arnold had come to help immediately, risking severe punishment from the Larson family. Clearly, his feelings for Asher were sincere.
But-
If his true feelings would drag them both into a pit of no return, she would rather Arnold's interest in Asher be temporary.
"Arnold! How is my father?!" Bella and the rest of the Thompson family gathered around, their eyes full of anxiety.
"My next words may be hard to hear," Arnold said, his complex gaze pausing on Asher's stern face before turning to the others. "Chairman Thompson's condition is not optimistic. My suggestion is to stop all his work and take him overseas for further treatment. He should focus on recovery, and there may still be a chance for improvement."
"Not optimistic... What do you mean by that?" Bella's heart felt like it was collapsing.
The Thompson family was in a panic. Celeste, Amelia, and Sasha were already in tears.
"Chairman Thompson's incontinence is a side effect of the medication."
"Wyatt only took the medication twice. How could the side effects be so severe?!" Mila, gripped by anxiety, was barely standing with Ralph's support.

Arnold hesitated before deciding to reveal everything. "Everyone's body has different levels of tolerance. If it were a young man, he could withstand this dosage. However, given Chairman Thompson's age and condition, he cannot undergo such aggressive treatment. Last time, it was to save his life. After all, lifelong paralysis and being a vegetable were more terrifying. But this time is different. After resuscitation, he should have been treated with conservative methods. Even if they were slow, at least they were gradual. That way, the effects we see today might not have
happened so soon." 
Justin looked down dejectedly, his hands hanging powerlessly by his sides before clenching into fists. It was all his fault. If he had not given Chairman Thompson the medication, none of this would have happened.
"Arnold, do you mean my father will eventually...?" Bella's throat tightened, and she felt a thousand steel balls drop into her chest, causing her intense anxiety.
"When the disease progresses to its
later stages, it will affect his
cognitive functions, leading to a decline in cognitive abilities and
intelligence. Even if the muscle net
controlling his bladder function normally, cognitive impairment will prevent conscious control, causing incontinence." 
Arnold lowered his eyelids, hiding the gloominess in his eyes. "I obtained Chairman Thompson's medical records from Quentin and fully understood his condition over the years. His stroke has already. reached the middle stages. He has been hiding it from the family and the public, refusing to retire early and struggling to hold on? The early stages had a chance for a cure. But now, we can only use the best instruments and medications to alleviate and slow the disease."
Bella stared unblinkingly at Arnold's lips, her overwhelming sorrow finally breaking through. Large droplets of tears streamed down her face.
In other words, there was no longer any hope for a cure.
The terrible news struck the Thompson family like a thunderbolt. The richest man in Hatchbay, a business overlord, the unstoppable Chairman of KS Group... Was his reign truly ending? At this moment, Justin received a call from Ryan. He quickly turned away to answer in a low voice. "Ryan?"
"Justin, I saw the news. Chairman Thompson's illness is causing quite a stir. It looks serious."
Ryan's tone was full of concern. "Justin, if you need help, tell me right away. You and Bella are more than friends to me. You are family. No matter what, I will do my best to help you." "Thank you, Ryan." Justin's voice was hoarse, bitterness rising in his heart. "If you can, please find any well-known doctors domestically or abroad who can treat strokes. I want to do everything I can to help Chairman Thompson and Bella."
"No matter how small, your matter is of utmost importance to me. I will immediately mobilize all of the Hoffman family's connections to help you find the best doctors."
###chapter1659
Hearing Justin's despondent tone, Ryan felt like his heart was being crushed.
"Justin, please don't lose hope. Pull yourself together, okay? I'm now in charge at the Hoffman Group. When I don't know what to do or how to face those old geezers, I sometimes ask myself, what would you do? You're my role model. You better keep that image up for me, or who the hell am I going to look up to?"
Justin was not only a close friend to Ryan but also a brotherly figure, guiding and helping him grow and progress. He held a special place in Ryan's heart.
Justin's handsome face briefly softened with a smile, like ice melting under the rising sun, but it did little to alleviate the weight on his heart.
Just as he hung up the call, everyone's phones started ringing and buzzing simultaneously.
"Mr. Asher! Something happened!" Steven, who had gone out to handle some business for Bella and Asher, returned in a panic. His words barely left his mouth when he saw the Thompson family and turned pale, freezing on the spot.
At this moment, Bella and Justin, along with the others, picked up their phones and opened the push notifications.
[Shocking News! The dominant CEO of KS Group is actually homosexual, with photos as proof!]
The next headline was: KS Group's CEO caught in a late-night Rendezvous with his young male lover!
Another headline was: KS Group's CEO, Asher Thompson's passionate photos exposed. He has come out of the closet!
Bella's mind went blank, her body trembling with a sudden chill, as if swept up by an overwhelming tidal wave. Her fingers trembled as she clicked on the title.
Photo after photo clearly showed Asher and Arnold kissing in a sports car.
If it involved any other heterosexual couple, such photos would not be much of a scandal. But given both Asher's and Arnold's backgrounds, it became earth-shattering news, shocking the public. 
The accompanying text was sensational, vividly describing the scene in explicit detail and sparking the imagination.
It was not just her. Justin, Axel, Ralph, and the entire Thompson family fell into a suffocating silence upon seeing the news.
Arnold, one of the stars in the photos, was also stunned. His phone dropped to the ground, and his already pale face turned ashen. His ears buzzed.
Only Asher remained as steady as a mountain, standing firm. His hawk-like, dark eyes were calm and unwavering, full of strength.
Arnold found it hard to breathe. He raised his blurred eyes to look at his beloved Asher, his pale lips moving silently. "I'm sorry. Ash, I'm sorry..."
At this moment, Arnold deeply
regretted everything. He regretteget
going to see him that night,
regretting not being able to control his feelings, and confessing his love. 
While Arnold was in a state of panic, Mila, her eyes bloodshot, angrily rushed up to him.
"Are you satisfied now?" Mila's gaze
was as sharp as a knife on his face, filled with uncontrollable
resentment. "You finally got what you wanted. Your selfish desire has destroyed the one you love... ...Your love is truly glorious. Arnold, are you satisfied now?" 
"Aunt Mila... I..." Arnold's eyes dimmed, unable to say anything.
Mila gritted her teeth, raising her hand to slap him.
With a crisp sound, the slap resounded through the entire corridor.
However, the slap landed on Asher's face.
###chapter1660
Mila was extremely stunned as her numb palm froze mid-air. That slap landed squarely on Asher's face without any reservation.
With tears in his eyes, Arnold stared at the man who stood resolutely in front of him. His pounding heart almost shattered in his chest. "Ash... I...”
"Aunt Mila, please don't hit Arnold. Arnold did nothing wrong. It was all my fault."
The air in the corridor seemed to freeze at that moment.
Under the overwhelming pressure, Asher's calmness only made the scene more heartbreaking. "He has been beaten too many times because of me and the Thompson family. From now on, I don't want Arnold to suffer anymore. I will do everything I can to protect him."
Everyone was shocked.
Arnold lowered his head. Besides feeling touched, what pained him even more was the guilt and self-reproach.
Since he was young, his grandfather and aunt have told him that he was the future hope of the Larson family and that he needed to be a pillar of strength. Yet, the reality was that he had only caused endless trouble for his beloved, failing to do anything worthwhile. How could he still call himself a man?
"Ash... You said Arnold got beaten? What do you mean?!" Bella's heart tightened sharply.
"Arnold has been in a bad state ever since he escaped from the Larson family."
Asher's mind was filled with images of Arnold's fair skin covered in horrific, swollen scars. He clenched his trembling fist, trying to contain his emotions. "When he heard about Dad's illness, he did not waste a single moment and forced himself to come here to treat Dad."
Mila's eyes suddenly became tense. "The Larson family... Did they use the family punishment on him?!"
"Ash, stop talking."
Arnold tugged at his sleeve and shook his head. His voice was so faint that it was barely audible. "Stop talking. It is all in the past. You do not need to explain anything for me."
It seemed to be true. Mila felt her entire body go cold, staggering back a step.
She had grown up in the Larson family and knew well how terrifying the Larson's family punishment could be. Now, with Arnold and
Asher's relationship exposed net
Larson family would find out and they might beat him to death!
Suddenly, the door of the consultation room opened. Wyatt sat in a wheelchair and was pushed out by Quentin.
Despite just having gone through a dangerous episode and his face still showing weakness, he stubbornly kept his back straight, unwilling to let his children see him in a desolate and defeated state. "Dad!" The Thompson children felt a deep sense of anguish and fear.
Seeing their father appear at this moment, they knew he must have heard about the affair between Asher and Arnold.
They were afraid their father would
get angry and be deeply
disappointed in Asher. But more than that, they feared the added stress would worsen his condition, as his body could no longer endure any additional strain. 
"Dad."
Asher's heart tightened, instinctively pulling Arnold behind him.
This scene greatly shocked Bella.
The love her brother showed for Arnold was no different from the love Justin showed her.
So what if they were gay? Was that a
crime? Even if faced with a
thousand criticisms and a million hostile glares, so what? When the whole world stood against them, the Thompson family would always be their safe harbor. That was enough. 
Arnold stood rigidly behind Asher, not daring to look at Wyatt.
Though Arnold was usually tall and graceful, now he seemed to have shrunk. He hunched over as if he had broken his spine and wished he could disappear completely into the ground.
###chapter1661
Wyatt looked up and took one long look at Asher. Then, his gaze shifted past Asher and landed on Arnold.
A while later, Wyatt said, "I need a word alone with you, Ash."
Wyatt and Asher remained in the ward.
With his back facing Asher, Wyatt looked out the window in long silence.
The angry grilling, yelling, and criticism did not come down on Asher as he expected.
In fact, the silence tore him up inside.
"Everything you saw is true, Dad. I'm sorry."
Asher broke the silence, hanging his head low. "I let you down for the years you raised and taught me. I fell short of your expectations. It's all my fault. I only ask that you don't put this on Arnold." Wyatt kept to himself.
Asher slowly straightened his back. "I know that I just gave KS Group a huge problem to deal with. I'll hand in my resignation tomorrow, manage the handover, and withdraw from the board of directors." Wyatt jolted to his feet from the wheelchair and lost his balance. He quickly grabbed onto the windowsill to keep his balance.
"Watch out, Dad!"
Asher approached to help him up when Wyatt looked back and gave him an angry look.
"Are you quitting all because of this?"
Asher was taken aback.
"Many CEOs of overseas corporations are open with their sexual orientation, and they are doing just fine. The culture is a little conservative here, but this is your private life. You're not bothering anyone."
Wyatt pounded the wall annoyedly. "I
was in the tabloids daily for taking four wives. They've called me the worst names, but I still carried on with my life as the Chairman of KS Group for decades. Sure, they talked behind my back, but they still had to come to me in reverence* 
Stunned, Asher dropped his jaw. "Dad, I..."
"You're such a stick in the mud, even though you're my son. You should have half of Bella's mindset."
Wyatt shook his head in frustration. "This is strange. Who do you take after? Not me or your mom."
"I'm different from you, Dad." Surprised by his father's support, Asher felt warm and cozy inside. However, the guilt washed over him. "How are you different?"
Anxious, Wyatt carried heavy
footsteps to Asher. "Are you lesser
than me or anyone? You're not wrong for loving a man. It's not your fault you swing the other way. If the public has a problem with that, the
problem lies with them. opinion
of others doesn't matter, Just
remember one thing." 
With a lump in his throat, Wyatt put his hand on Asher's shoulder. "No matter what happens, you'll always be my best son." Asher's eyes widened.
His father's words echoed heavily in his mind, triggering a wave of warmth within him.
Even when his mother passed, Asher never exposed his vulnerability to his father. Yet now, tears filled his eyes.
"Don't worry about it. Even when
trouble comes, Mila and I, Bella, Axel,
your brothers, and Justin will handle it. Since Justin wants to marry Bella, I should leave it to him to deal with as a test. He should know that it isn't easy to marry into my family Wyatt seoffed and set up his little test for his future son-in-law.
"Thank you, Dad." Asher did not know what to say except to thank him.
Recalling the hurtful comments online, Wyatt felt bad and spread his arms to hug his son. "Don't mention it. You shouldn't have to thank your dad because of this."
Wyatt knew that the public loved the drama happening in the Thompson family.
They believed Wyatt would be embarrassed by the shame Asher brought to the family and business.
These people had another thing coming.
Wyatt had enough money and power not to care about their opinions.
###chapter1662
Wyatt's children came first, before any pursuit of wealth and power.
He promised Yara that he would protect all their children and allow them to live a happy life.
The revelation of Asher and Arnold's relationship sparked an uproar in the online community.
It was a drama the public would not miss. The public and competitors, who wished for the Thompsons' downfall, had a lot to say.
[Oh, my god! That's disgusting. I bet Asher Thompson sleeps around and has AIDS.]
[This is not natural. It's going against the law of nature!]
[I bet he sleeps with anyone in his contact list. I doubt love means anything to those people in that social class.]
[Asher lost his reputation. The perfect CEO is ruined.]
[I can't get over the fact that Asher's lover is the heir of Larson Biotech. The world of the rich sure is thrilling.]
[That goes two handsome guys.]
The scandal threw the Thompsons into turmoil.
Celeste, Sasha, Amelia, and Axel watched over Mila in the next room. As the incident involved the Larsons, guilt and heartbreak overwhelmed Mila, who had known the truth right from the start. Regret ate Mila up inside.
Arnold was her nephew, and Asher was like a son to her. Of course, she was upset.
Standing at the end of the corridor, Justin took a call from lan.
"Mr. Salvador, we've located and apprehended the individual who distributed the photos of Mr. Asher and Dr. Larson. He's a paparazzi who would do anything for money. He said he got the photos and documents from an anonymous email, and the payout was deposited into his bank account. He never met the informant. He only acted on orders."
"Sort him out, but don't kill him." Justin's eyes glinted dangerously.
"Got it. Don't worry. He'll never escape from the nightmare." Ian was indignant.
"Tell me everything he knows about the informant. I'll do the digging."
During his time at the military academy, Justin picked up digital forensics and hacking.
It was time to put his skills to practice.
lan blurted, "You? With all due respect, isn't it faster to get the young madam to do it?"
"Who are you looking down on?" Justin gritted his teeth.
lan gasped. "I'll get right to it."
The call ended, only for another call to come in.
Justin furrowed his brows as the call came from a private number.
He never took calls from unknown numbers. Plus, only a handful knew of his private number.
Still, Justin took the call. "Who is it?"
"Are you operating a hotline? It's so hard to get through to you," Drew mocked nonchalantly.
Justin's eyes lit up. "Drew?"
"How is Ash doing?" Drew's voice turned husky.
The concern was in his tone.
"Chairman Thompson is having a
word with him. The whole thing
must be a blow to him." Justin.net
honest without adding any words of comfort. 
Silence ensued for a moment. "What about Wyatt? Did he pass out?"
Justin was speechless. "No, but we
are worried that the backlash won't Chairman
do
any good." 
Thompson's head ne
"He's fine. Wyatt is tough. He didn't collapse even when Bella married you in secret and lost a child. I don't see any reason he would be crushed." 
Justin held his chest, taking the remarks personally.
Drew's comments might just shatter him before Wyatt even collapses.
###chapter1663
"I looked into the videos of Wyatt's stroke and Asher's photos." Drew's murderous voice came on the phone.
Justin raised a brow and pursed his lips bitterly.
He wanted to sort everything out behind Bella's back, but Drew was ahead of him.
Back in the academy, Drew often competed with Justin for the top spot. They would battle it out daily on school grounds, and now Drew would not even give him a chance to show his stuff.
Thankfully, they were not a couple coming from a love-hate relationship.
Justin narrowed his eyes dangerously. "It was Cameron, right?"
"Not bad. Working on assumptions, I see." Drew teased with a smile.
"The video was clearly filmed in the conference room. After I settled Wyatt down, I sent Quentin to delete the footage, but someone copied the footage beforehand."
Justin's voice was icy. "Bella later told me that she asked all directors except Cameron to sign a non-disclosure agreement so that he would get ahead of himself and walk straight into our trap. We didn't expect Cameron to leak the video. He has no decency."
"Ha. He's asking for it."
Drew clenched his fist, his knuckles popping. Even Justin could hear his rage through the phone. "I got the lead by cracking and tracing down the IP address. It's time to show Cameron the consequences of hurting Wyatt."
Justin frowned. "It's not time."
"You're not the boss of me, Justin. I'm your brother-in-law." Drew raised his voice in rage.
"Your father is doing worse than you think."
Silence on the other end of the line ensued.
"The video leak and Ash's
relationship with Dr. Arnold are quite
a blow to Wyatt. If you go after Cameron now, I'm worried that Wyatt won't be able to handle it. After spending some time together, I see that Wyatt is all about family. Despite the things Cameron does, he is still Wyatt's only brother. Wyatt remembers the good in Cameron and doesn't have the heart to punish him." 
Justin patiently explained, "I know you want revenge. I do, too. But nothing is more important than Wyatt's health."
Drew replied, "Just cut to the chase."
"Leave Cameron to Bella and me. Stay out of it."
Justin's eyes flickered ruthlessly. "We know what he cares most about. The best revenge is to take away the thing that matters him." 
"Hahaha, Justin. You're savage."
Justin scowled. "Can't you call me wise?"
"They all mean the same."
SWst to
Drew kept his voice down as an evil idea entered his mind. "Cameron's all yours, but I'll handle the individual who set Ash up."
Justin said faintly, "Sure."
His phone vibrated as soon as the call ended.
Ryan texted him, and Justin was welcomed by an emoji of a dog with its jaw open.
[No way, bro. Ash is dating Dr. Larson?"]
[If you're here for gossip, stand down.]
[I mean, I am young and have not seen the world much. This is the first time something like this has happened to someone around me just want to ask who Dr. Arnold is to you when you marry Bella. Does that make him your brother-in-law? That's just so strange to me.] 
###chapter1664
Justin had to stop himself from rolling his eyes and ended the conversation.
...
Bella sat in the lounge of the other room while scrolling through the mean comments with red-rimmed eyes. Overwhelmed by emotions, she pressed hard on the screen.
Axel and Declan stayed by her side, not knowing where to look. They were caught off guard by the incident.
"Don't be upset, Bella. Ash and Dr. Larson aren't in showbiz. The whole thing will blow over in no time." Axel sighed and felt bad for his brother.
"It will blow over, but the experience will continue to haunt Ash and Arnold."
Bella closed her eyes and took a deep breath to pull herself together. "Ash is KS Group's CEO. Even though the business belongs to our family, Ash's credibility and reputation are tarnished. The perpetrator just wants Ash to fall from grace. Though Arnold is not a public figure, his family doesn't play nice. I doubt he can return to his family now."
With that in mind, Bella felt sucked into negative feelings.
After spending so much time together and going through thick and thin together, Bella had long considered Arnold to be family. Upon learning that Arnold was punished by his family, she was dying to barge into the Larsons' residence and give them a piece of her mind.
She was on Asher's side.
Bella did not want Arnold to be hurt anymore.
As tears welled up in Bella's eyes, Declan got down on one knee and took her hand. He looked tenderly at her. "Don't worry, Bella. If the Larsons are blind enough to disown Dr. Larson, we will welcome him with open arms."
"Dec..." Bella murmured softly while tearing up.
"I often wondered about the type of person who deserved an outstanding, proud, aloof man like Ash."
Declan chuckled. "Now I think no one suits him better than Dr. Larson."
Bella was lost in her thoughts.
She recalled the times she saw Asher and Arnold. Arnold would do his best at anything Asher asked of him. They often looked into each other's eyes with unspoken emotions. 
There were telltale signs right from the beginning.
"Declan is right. It's a good thing that Ash found the person for him."
Axel was back to his chirpy self. "Hehe.
least one of us is not
ege anymore. Ash is setting.net
example for us." 
Declan said, "It's your turn next, Axel. You're not getting any younger."
"Fuck. The four of us are only a few minutes apart! Why don't you think about yourself? You only hange around men. I don't see you with any women. I think you might die alone." 
Declan joked dismissively, "That's okay. I can just pick one of the guys."
Bella and Axel widened their eyes and reached their hands out. "Really?"
Then came a knock on the door.
Axel went to open the door, only to be taken aback. "D-Dr. Larson?"
With Arnold at the door, Bella got up from the sofa.
"Mr. Axel, is Bella in there?"
Arnold's lips were dry. "I want to have a talk with her in private."
###chapter1665
Axel and Declan left the room and closed the door behind them to give Bella and Arnold some space. "Arnold," Bella cried out to him.
She was at a loss for words, as it did not seem appropriate to comfort him or talk about Asher.
The brief silence felt like a lifetime.
"I'm sorry, Bella." Keeping his head down, Arnold allowed tears to trickle down his cheeks.
Bella shook her head and comforted him. "Arnold, don't put the blame on yourself. You don't need to apologize to anyone.
"You simply fell in love with Ash. There isn't anything wrong with loving someone."
"It's all my fault."
Arnold hung his head low like a sinner, his fighting spirit gone. "Aunt Mila is right. I destroyed Ash. Everything wouldn't have happened if I had taken her advice. I'm unforgivable, Bella. I was selfish. I'd rather take the fall for everything than put Ash through this. I want everything to go back to how it was. But it's too late."
Bella felt a lump in her throat.
First things first, Asher was not destroyed.
Yet now, Arnold was a wreck.
"I contacted a good friend here. He's a well-known expert in the neurology field, too. I trust his work and ethics. Chairman Thompson can seek medical attention with him. He's as good a doctor as I am." Bella's chest tightened. "What about you, Arnold? What are you going to do?"
"I'm going back to Meridan."
Arnold smiled wryly. "I don't think I'm coming back."
"No way! If you leave, what about Ash?"
Bella grabbed Arnold's arm desperately. "Since you love Ash, you should know the kind of person he is. How did he react when your relationship made headlines? He took all the blame so that you wouldn't face any accusation, criticism, or hurt. Even at the cost of disgrace, he shielded you from harm."
Arnold slowly lifted his head and met Bella's sparkling gaze.
The pain numbed his senses.
"Don't you get it? Ash put up a fight to be with you."
Bella's fingers clutched tightly around his lab coat. "If you walk away now, what's the point of your relationship? What's the point of Ash's sacrifice? You risked a beating and tumed your back on the Larson family to be with Ash. Is that the outcome you want for your determination and struggles? Are you happy with it? Is that what you want?" 
"No!" At last, Arnold broke down in tears. "But Bella, so what if I'm not happy with it? Is there a place in the world forus? Can your father accept us? Can your family? I'm willing to live without anything, but Ash can't. He deserves happiness. Otherwise, I wish we never met."
"There is one thing that will make Ash happy." Bella looked into Arnold's eyes and said, "That's you staying by his side, no matter what." The words stuck with Arnold.
He hunched down and sank to the ground, his arms pressing down on the cold floor until his veins showed. "I told Ash I wouldn't mind being his unseen lover. Titles mean nothing to me. All I want is to stand by him, nothing else." 
"It's different now. Your relationship's out."
Bella got down in front of him and smiled with a tilted head. "You're not an unseen lover now. You're Ash's partner. Don't you like that?"
Arnold looked up and blushed. "I-I'm a guy."
"I'm not blind. I can see that you're a guy, but you're the only man for Ash. I don't want anyone else to be my brother-in-law."
Bella opened her arms to hold him, her palm patting his back. "Oh, Arnold. Let your worries wash away."
Arnold pressed his lips together. Try as he may, but the moving tears rolled down his cheeks.
"Bella?"
Justin's husky voice came from outside the door.
Bella settled Arnold down before getting up to open the door.
"What's the matter, Justin?" Bella and Justin drew close and held hands.
Justin looked around the room before putting his arm around her back and speaking in hushed tones, "The Larsons are here. They drove into the hospital's basement parking lot."
###chapter1666
"What?"
Bella was livid. "Frickin' hell. They don't want to mess with me at a time like this. I'm going to give them a piece of my mind!"
"Ash is with Wyatt. I haven't let them know."
Justin murmured in her ear, "We know why the Larsons are here. It's not the right time for Ash and Wyatt to make appearances. The Larson will only use the incident to their advantage and take things further than they already are."
"Ha... I'd like to see them try."
Bella grimaced, recalling the pain Arnold went through with his family. "Arnold is such a nice guy. They beat him up just because he gave Wyatt medical attention. The Larsons are just using Arnold as an emotional punching bag. They don't deserve to be Arnold's family."
Justin nodded in agreement. "This is between your families. It's not my place to interfere.
"Don't worry, Axel and Declan went over. I'll help when it comes down to it. I won't let them cause a scene and disrupt Wyatt's rest."
"What do you mean by, 'not your place'? You're..." Bella nearly blurted. She bit her lip and gripped his shirt.
"Hm?" Justin's breath against her skin made her blush.
"You're part of the family. You're my husband," Bella muttered softly and sweetly.
In the end, her face went red, and she took cover in his arms shyly.
Justin's heart raced as he stroked the back of her neck shakily. His voice was deep and warm. "I'm your husband, always and forever."
Only God knew how long he had been waiting for her to call him that.
Sweet terms of endearment were common between couples.
However, Justin could not ask that of her because he was the source of her pain.
Bella's past hardships weighed
heavily on Justin. She was once bis rightful wife. Yet, her married life was confined to four cold walls as she pined for his return. She could not even call him her husband. 
As remorse washed over him, Justin swallowed hard and teared up.
"Bella, Justin."
By then, Arnold had gotten his act together. He approached with composure. "I'll handle them.”
"No."
Bella declined worriedly. "They beat you to a pulp the last time. Don't jump the gun again."
"It's best you stay out of it, Dr.
Larson Bella and I won't be able to face Ash if anything happens to you, Justin furrowed his brows and said bluntly. 
Arnold shook his head firmly. “I might like men, but I need to be a tough man too. If I choose to be a coward when it counts, I don't deserve to be Bella's family and brother-in-law." 
Bella was touched. "Arnold..."
"Besides, I didn't do anything wrong. Why should I hide?"
Arnold clenched his jawline and fists. "The fault lies with them."
A fleet of black sedans drove into the parking lot of Thompson Hospital.
"Dad, Arnold lost it! He's a psycho."
###chapter1667
Aaron stormed behind Alvin while tearing Arnold a new one. "It explained why we couldn't locate him for days. Asher hid him. It's bad enough that he fooled around with foreigners when he was abroad. He couldn't even show a bit of restraint back in Savrow and got together with Asher. He's an embarrassment to the family. If Grandpa finds out—”
"Shut up!"
As if Alvin were not infuriated already, the noise only annoyed him further. He was tempted to tear Aaron's mouth apart. "As the older brother, you are not a better doctor than Arnold, and you aren't impressive in business either. But you can't even handle the simple task of keeping an eye on your brother. You're good for nothing."
Aaron bit his tongue in rage.
Alvin's eyes were bloodshot. "If you had told me about this sooner, I could've prevented our dirty laundry from being aired. Now, the whole world knows that we have a gay freak in the family. How am I supposed to hold my head high now?"
"I want to, but Arnold was in Meridan, Dad. You know him. It's not like I can do anything to stop him."
Aaron scowled and hissed through clenched teeth. "You should keep Arnold under lock and key. Don't let him get involved with the Thompsons anymore, Dad. Keep him away from Asher. I'm disgusted by two men hugging and kissing."
Alvin shared the same sentiment. Heck, he was dying to beat Arnold to a pulp.
The Larsons soon came across two tall men standing there. They commanded attention with their composure.
They were Axel and Declan.
Alvin arrived with his secretary and bodyguards in tow. Yet, the very presence of Axel and Declan carried a powerful stillness.
"Declan." With a straight face, Axel nudged Declan secretly. "I'm panicking a little seeing the Larsons' henchmen. I'm the worst fighter among us. You better watch my back later."
Declan peered at him and curled his lips. "Relax. I'll protect you like I protect my wife when we fight."
Axel had goosebumps. "That's a good analogy, but don't use it again."
"What do you want, Thompsons?" Finding strength in numbers, Aaron sternly yelled to get brownie points from his father.
Axel scoffed. "You're one to talk. You
guys showed up at the hospital with
a whole crowd. I question your intentions. None of you look sick or injured. Are you here to see a shrink?" 
Alvin grimaced.
"Axel, who do you think you're talking to?" Aaron pointed at Axel's face angrily.
"The comment is meant for the
eacted." Axel raised his , that went over you?
head. You can't even read sarcasm." 
"You!" Aaron wanted to get into a fistfight with Axel but feared losing.
Axel, a legal shark in the courtroom, chewed Aaron up and ate him for breakfast.
"That's enough, Aaron."
Alvin raised his arm with a frown
and turned to Axel menacingly.
know is with you. I
here. I'm taking him het
Axel snapped back, "You can leave. Arnold won't go with you."
"Who do you think you are? Arnold is part of the Larson family. Who are you to make decisions for him?" Aaron shouted angrily.
###chapter1668
"Family? Are you, though?"
Declan took a step ahead while narrowing his eyes dangerously. "Well, I'm not back often, but this is an eye-opener. What kind of family would be so vile as to use their child as a punching bag and hold him in captivity?"
"No decent human would do this," Axel chimed indignantly.
"What do you know? This is a family matter. He went against the family rules, so he must be punished. The rules were set a long time ago. We live by codes, unlike your disrespectful family, even accepting someone who takes multiple wives." Alvin looked at them with a pretentious smile.
Different from his reckless son, Alvin was manipulative and spoke with subtle, sinister undertones.
Declan furrowed his brows and clenched his fists. "Don't waste your breath. You're not taking Arnold anywhere, not on my watch."
"Aaron, go and get your brother."
With his patience running thin, Alvin intended to break his way in.
Axel was alarmed while Declan's muscles bulged underneath his suit.
The fight was inevitable.
Beep, beep, beep!
A piercing siren filled the air.
Four SUVS advanced closer and surrounded them.
The car doors opened, and out came young men in light-colored suits over floral shirts. They put their hands in their pockets and swaggered with their heads held up.
Aaron broke out in a cold sweat. "Dad, I think they are from the mafia."
"Ha... Is this the conduct of the
prestigious social class? Did you hire the street gang to corner us? Is there justice left in the world?" Alvin lost his cool. 
Outnumbered, they could be getting more than they bargained for if a fight broke loose.
Axel and Delcan exchanged glances in surprise.
They did not call for backup.
The group of florally dressed youngsters respectfully let a tall
man in a white jacket and pink net
through. The man approached Axel and Declan and nodded. 
"Mr. Axel and Mr. Declan, nice to meet you. I am Elias Storm. Madam Sasha sent me to help you."
Axel and Declan were shocked. "Aunt Sasha?"
"Yes, she rushed me here and threatened to block my number if anything happened to you." Elias rubbed his chest as the fear sank in.
Axel knew Steven suffered in Elias'.
hands
once. "Thank you for
it here in time, but we're
Declan can fight ten on t
Declan was lost for words.
"Haha. That won't do. Madam Sasha put me up for the job. She said that you're too dignified to get your hands dirty for these scums."
Scums?
Alvin and Aaron were not having it.
Elias turned to the Larsons with a wicked smile. "I don't care who you are. You're on my turf.
"Get them!"
###chapter1669
Following the orders of Elias, the Southern Star Syndicate members, whose hands had been in their pockets thus far, pulled out expandable batons. "D-Don't you dare!"
Aaron's voice turned high-pitched from fright. "Don't you know where our family stands in Hatchbay? The Thompsons might be the top family, but we aren't far behind them. You're barking up the wrong tree." "Haha, even a child knows that the Thompsons are the wealthiest family around, but I have never heard of your family."
Elias cracked his neck to loosen his muscles before sneering. "But I guess you are what people call a runner-up. Still, you don't place anywhere outside Hatchbay. Hahaha!"
Elias' chuckles triggered laughter from his crew and Axel.
Even Declan, who was not one to laugh, curled his lips.
"Y-You!" Aaron stumbled for words.
Alvin glared at his son, finding him an embarrassment to himself and the family.
"Mr. Larson, it's not too late for you to drop this whole thing and leave."
Axel tried diplomacy before violence. "Things can get heated up if we get into a fight. You're not getting any younger. You're looking at weeks, if not months, of hospitalization by choosing violence."
"Get them!" Alvin went ballistic. He could put up with a lot of things, but the Thompson children just insulted him. "Arnold is coming with us, no matter what."
"Fuck! I've never met someone so stubborn. Get him, brothers."
The members of the Southern Star Syndicate charged ahead of Elias' orders.
The hired protection in black and the men in floral shirts were at each other's throats in the parking lot.
The bodyguards shielded the Larsons from harm, but they were still pushed, shoved around, and grabbed by the hair.
Aaron had it worse. To play the good son, Aaron became his old man's human shield, but he cried in pain being kicked in the butt, slapped in the face, and hit by batons. His suit was tattered, and his ego was bruised. 
won
Axel watched the fight on the sidelines when a Larson henchman approached him and swung his fist.
Before Axel knew it, he heard a scream.
Quick on his feet, Declan swooped in and dislocated the bodyguard's arm before stomping on him.
It was a sleek move.
"No wonder you're a colonel."
Axel's jaw dropped as he clapped enthusiastically. "I think only Justin can stand a fight against you."
"Can Jerkface fight?" Declan narrowed his eyes.
?
Axel cleared his throat awkwardly. He gave the nickname to Justin, but it did not sound right anymore. think so. Don't forget that he used to serve in the military." 
He expected Declan to have a problem with Justin.
However, Declan simply fell into
silence, then murmured to himseket
vels
"He's not a total lost cause, I suppose." 
"Axel! Declan!"
The brothers looked back when they heard Bella.
Justin and Bella, together with Arnold, darted toward them.
###chapter1670
"Holy shit. The chick is hot." Blown away by Bella's beauty, several members of Southern Star Syndicate stopped fighting.
Justin narrowed his eyes and pulled Bella into his arms to assert his dominance.
He needed to be on high alert, as his wife was too attractive.
"What are you looking at? Show some respect." Knowing Bella was not to be messed with, Elias knocked on the ogling members' heads.
"Stop! Stop fighting!" Arnold yelled with bloodshot eyes.
Seeing his family injured was not the reason for his anger.
Arnold did not expect to see his father, a man who always prided himself on keeping up appearances, arrive with reinforcements, create a scene, and brawl. He was behaving like a gangster. "Alright then. Stop." Elias yawned.
His crew had beaten the Larsons' hired protection to a pulp anyway.
"You're the head of the family, Dad. How could you engage in such behavior?" Arnold's clenched fists trembled with a barely contained rage.
"You're one to talk after you commit such a shameful act. You embarrassed the family." Aaron barked at Arnold while holding onto his swollen face.
"Ha. A shameful act?"
Arnold smiled, his eyes reflecting valiance. "All I did was choose love, and that was the best decision I ever made in my entire life."
Those words were a powerful affirmation for Bella and Justin.
The world's hostility did not pull them apart. Instead, they stood firm on their feelings for each other.
Their love was unquestionably loyal.
"You're to come back with me now, Arnold." Alvin stared at him, grimacing while straightening his loosened tie.
"I won't go with you."
Arnold curled his lips and smiled. "Do I look stupid to you, Dad? Why should I go back with you? Only to be beaten up?" "Do you hear what you're saying?"
Alvin's red-rimmed eyes bulged. Driven by anger, he threatened, "If you don't come back with me now, you're no longer a part of the family. You won't inherit the family's assets and shares." 
Aaron could not be happier.
Among wealthy heirs, family members were typically rivals. The Thompsons, a close-knit family, were a rare exception.
If Arnold were disowned, Aaron would stand to inherit his grandfather's fortune and his father's authority entirely. The beating he took did not hurt much anymore.
Alvin felt the threat was not enough and added the stakes. "That's not the only thing. You can forget about practicing medicine. I will make sure no hospital will hire you." "Tsk. I call your bluff."
Bella smirked and responded, "Are you dreaming, Mr. Larson? Do you think you can control everything? What if Arnold goes abroad? Does your influence go that far? Even if he stays here, Arnold is welcome to join any hospitals owned by my family. Can you stop him?" 
Axel mocked, "Tsk, tsk. You should think before you talk."
Humiliated, Alvin tried to think of a comeback when Arnold said with determination, "Your threats mean nothing to me. I never thought about inheriting anything from the family. This family has let me down for the last time. Since Aunt Mila left, there is no reason for me to stay with the family. I'm better off cutting ties with you all." 
"You ungrateful monster!"
###chapter1671
Seeing his own son defying him publicly, Alvin, who was used to acting arrogantly as the head of the family, could not hold back any longer.
His eyes widened in anger, and he was about to walk toward Arnold.
At this moment, a graceful figure suddenly appeared and stopped him.
"Mila?!"
The next second, a loud slap echoed through the room, shocking everyone.
Mila's eyes were full of hatred as she raised her hand and slapped Alvin fiercely in the face.
The slap was anything but gentle, causing Alvin's cheeks to sting and swell, his ears buzzing from the impact.
"Mila... You hit me?! I'm your brother!"
"My brother? Do I have a brother?"
Mila's brows furrowed sternly, her smile ruthless and cold. "Wasn't I already cast out of the Larson family by all of you, like Arnold? Besides, you're only an adopted son." Adopted son?
Aaron and Arnold were dumbfounded.
It was a family secret. As the younger generation, they did not know about it at all, and nobody told them either!
Mila chose this moment to reveal the most confidential secret of their family to the public, showing that she did not want to leave a shred of dignity for Alvin.
"Strictly speaking, I am the only true
blood of the Larson family, the Larson Group's one and only daughter You only obtained some power in the Larson Group because my father is sexist and favors you. Otherwise, how would you have the audacity to try to oppress me using your status as my brother?" 
"Mila Larson!" Alvin felt his vision darken out of anger, but he could not refute it.
Indeed, he was adopted.
Back then, Old Master Larson, who had been trying for a child but failed for many years, secretly adopted a boy from an orphanage with his wife to continue the family bloodline.
But five years after they brought Alvin into the family, Old Madam Larson became pregnant and gave birth to Mila, who carried on the bloodline.
Mila was sweet and smart. Old
Master and Old Madam Larson cherished her and doted on her like their treasure. For a long time, this beautiful daughter even changed Old Master Larson's prejudice against women as leaders. 
That was until Mila met the handsome and charming Wyatt Thompson at a high-society ball.
If she had not made the shocking choice of being with Wyatt back then, she might be standing on equal footing with Alvin in the current Larson Group.
"This slap is for Arnold! Just because he treated Wyatt, you vented your grudge using the name of your family law. You don't deserve to be a father!"
Mila's eyes were bloodshot with
anger. "But a slap is too lenient for
you. We'll see each other in the business field. As long as KS Group still stands, Larson Group can forget about dominating Hatchbay Arnold, come with me!" 
"Yes, Auntie!" Arnold immediately answered and was moved to tears.
At this moment, Arnold was perfectly obedient.
Bella and Justin met each other's eyes tacitly, and they sighed in relief.
They were afraid that the Larson family would use blood ties to bind Arnold and bend him to their will with patriarchal authority.
###chapter1672
Fortunately, the Thompsons gave Arnold enough support. Arnold had also made up his mind.
The Larson family's plan fell apart, and they even received a beating.
On top of that, everyone got to hear a juicy piece of the Larson family's gossip.
It was a pleasant surprise!
The Thompson family took Arnold and left, looking like a true family.
Alvin stared at Mila's back resentfully, unwilling to accept defeat, but the Southern Star Syndicate's men were still blocking him. Alvin could only take this loss.
On the way back, Arnold wrapped his hands around Mila's shoulder, holding back his tears while teasing, "Aunt Mila, if you ever want to change your last name, hit me up." "Silly boy, it's just a surname. What can it represent?"
Mila smiled gently and grasped Arnold's hand tightly. "Your home is where your heart is."
Arnold did not speak, as tears streamed down his face silently.
"Arnold, I'm sorry for those harsh words I said to you earlier... I forced you into a corner. I'm really sorry." Mila was full of guilt.
"It's all in the past, Aunt Mila."
Arnold burst into a beautiful smile through the tears. "Let bygones be bygones. I only want to look forward."
Before they knew it, it was already nighttime.
The storm of public opinion was raging outside, but it was quiet in the hospital.
After a long day, Wyatt had fallen asleep. His family stayed by his side, seemingly affected by the series of blows.
Late at night, Asher called Bella and Justin out to talk in the backyard.
jel.
"Drew found out who exposed my relationship with Arnold. The money used to hire the paparazzi to expose us came from an overseas account under James Iverson's name.” Asher's dark eyes surged with anger, his hands curling into an iron-like fist on his side. 
Clues that are usually only traceable by the police were merely a matter of time for Drew, who was a top-tier hacker and special agent.
"I knew it was that bastard!"
Bella's eyes bulged furiously. "James must have done this to get revenge on the Terranova resort land deal. Asher sold the land to him, which turned out to be problematic. As a result, James lost his position as CEO, so of course he'd want revenge!"
Justin pondered for a moment, feeling suspicious. "Although the evidence points to James, and he has enough of a motive, Asher is capable enough to hide... I mean, protect Arnold well." Phew... that was close. He almost blurted out, "Hide his lover!"
"Based on my understanding of James after dealing with him for many years in the business field, he has the smarts, but he doesn't have the foresight or depth to uncover the relationship between Asher and Arnold."
A cold storm brewed in Justin's
eyes. "I believe Asher is cautious
enough, but he was still captured on camera. could only mean that the person had been watching them all along, and it might not just be them. The entire Thompson family was most likely under surveillance. 
"This is the only possibility that could explain why their relationship was exposed coincidentally at the same time that Uncle Wyatt had another episode. It could sway Asher's position at the company and aggravate Uncle Wyatt, worsening his condition." 
"Tsk, even if James had two heads, he couldn't come up with such a sinister plan to kill two birds with one stone."
###chapter1673
Bella and Asher stared fixedly at Justin. They spoke at the same time. "Are you suspecting Christopher?"
Christopher's name was the synonym for all evil now.
Justin curled his thin lips helplessly. "Sorry. I could be overly sensitive about this person. Whenever anything happens that involves the Iverson Group, I instinctively think of him."
"Justin, your thoughts are totally valid." Bella's gaze was gentle as she held his arm and supported her man. "When in doubt, blame Christopher. Besides, I think your analysis makes sense. Those three pig- headed Iverson siblings combined could not outsmart Christopher. Otherwise, they wouldn't end up so miserably."
Justin looked at her beautiful and rosy face, chuckling dotingly.
"Justin's analysis isn't unreasonable."
Asher's gaze was dark. "I've been investigating him secretly. I don't need to emphasize how shady his business in Sentania is, but it's not the most important. What matters is that he has enough power and wealth to manipulate the elections. This meant he could rival a financial conglomerate.
"Back then, he was merely a discarded son of the Iverson family. He had no foundation and was dependent on his sickly and frail mother. Therefore, someone must be helping him behind the scenes to get him to his current position, even helping him return to Savrow to seize power.
"Not only that. He's been playing a wolf in sheep's clothing in the Iverson family. When the obstacles who stood before him fall one by one, his true nature will be revealed inevitably."
Bella frowned and nodded. "Yeah. Christopher's influence far exceeds that of James, who was the CEO of Iverson Group. Christopher is always putting on a disguise."
"His only remaining obstacle now is James."
A sharp light flashed across Justin's eagle eyes. "In that case, the person who actually got those photos is most likely Christopher."
Asher's lips twitched, trying hard to suppress his surging anger.
"After getting the photos, he didn't want to dirty his hands, so he wanted to use James to expose it. With that, we couldn't trace it to him, and he could just sit back and watch."
Justin sneered, gritting his teeth. "Ha, what a good way to make use of James. Such a vicious move is indeed his style."
"James had already been defeated by him and completely lost Lance's trust. He's been kicked out of the Iverson Group's headquarters."
Bella pressed against the man's
waist and blinked at him. "He could get anyone to expose it. Why did he give this opportunity to James? If were James and got my hands on this opportunity to tackle our enemy, I'd use it as leverage to negotiate with Lance. How does that benefit Christopher? Isn't it troublesome for him if James manages to rise again?" 
Justin curled his lips, his voice gentle. "Bella, you're still too kind. Your siblings have a great relationship with you, and your family protects you too well. That's wonderful." Asher raised a brow, feeling rather amused.
Justin was truly blinded by love to call Bella kind.
It was true in a way. Bella could be like an angel when she was kind, but she could also turn into John Wick when she needed to be ruthless.
Justin could figure it out slowly.
"But you should know that there's no kinship in wealthy families. Siblings turning against each other and trying to tear each other down are all too common."
Justin's expression was as cold as ice. "How could merely dethroning James satisfy Christopher? He wanted to destroy James, ensuring James could never rise again."
"So... Asher and Arnold's relationship was only bait."
Bella's mind raced, her thoughts becoming clear with a little tip from him. Her eyes reddened. "He knew we would trace it to James, so he wanted to use us to eliminate James, thinking that we'd get rid of his last obstacle for him?"
Justin nodded slightly. "Bella, you're really smart."
"Fuck! That shameless man!"
Bella was enraged, bending down to
pick up a stone and throwing it
fiercely at a tree trunk. "Does he think hes God?! He thinks everyone is under his control, and he can manipulate anyone he wants? Fine. Very well. I'll let him taste the consequences of playing with fire!" 
The two men could not help but smile when they heard her words, lightening the tense atmosphere a little.
"Bella, you and Justin must get to the bottom of Dad's illness being exposed and seek justice for Dad."
Asher fell silent for a moment, his
Qu
handsome face overshadowed with a hint of gloom. "But let's leave my matter at that. Revenge doesn't matter anymore. I don't care about power and name, and I don't care how the public sees our relationship." 
###chapter1674
Bella's breath hitched. "Asher, what do you mean?"
"Dad can no longer manage the company with his current physical condition. With this public scandal around me, it's unsuitable for me to continue being the president."
Justin felt his heart tighten. "You didn't do anything illegal or harm anyone's interests. Why is it unsuitable?"
"My existence will just become a liability."
Asher's expression was casual, devoid of emotion. "As long as I'm still in this position, the public will only think of those photos when they see me and nothing else. They will only remember that the CEO of KS Group is gay. I can disregard my image and become the laughing stock of the town, but not KS Group."
"Asher, are you resigning? You don't want to be the CEO anymore?!" Bella was so shocked that her voice trembled, feeling a wave of panic.
Asher's eyes curved into a relieved smile. "Yeah, I've talked to Dad about this and made my intentions clear. Bella, do you remember what I said when you returned home to see Dad? I said you were the most suitable person to be CEO and the perfect successor for KS Group. Don't feel bad for me. Honestly, I've been waiting for this day for so long. Being a CEO was never my ambition. I've felt pressured all these years and never relaxed. Now, you can finally take over, and I can finally live the life I wanted."
"Asher... I was joking with you. I am indeed ambitious and eager for power... But, but..."
Bella's nose reddened, and tears stained her eyelashes as she began to choke up.
Justin knew how she felt, and he pulled her into his arms in distress, surrounding her with a deep sense of security.
"Silly girl, you're crying again."
Asher quickly comforted her. "I'm only resigning as the CEO. It's not a big deal. KS Group will be in your hands now. You always used to shout about bearing the responsibility, and now you've finally gotten your wish. You must be overjoyed! But in the future, you might be very busy, and it will more or less affect your relationship. For that, I'm truly sorry."
"Asher, don't say that."
Justin's hand tightened on Bella's waist, veins bulging. His heart pounded wildly. "If we don't want to be apart, I'll marry Bella as soon as possible. I'll do my best to accompany her and stick to her, as long as she doesn't find me annoying."
Bella bit her rosy lips shyly, leaning into his embrace. Her eyes curved into a lovely smile.
Asher smiled and teased, "My sister is a businesswoman. What if she becomes the breadwinner?"
"In my opinion, I'd rather cook for Bella than work for the Salvador Corporation."
Justin did not hesitate, looking at his lover with a passionate and genuine gaze. "Bella only needs to be herself
with me. And I only need to be by her side." 
Bella felt a sweet warmth. She rubbed her head against his chest.
е
"Although Bella has trained at the KS World Hotel, it's still a bit tough for her to step into this role suddenly. Please guide her in the future" Asher's tone became serious. 
"Asher, you must be mocking me."
Justin could not help laughing. "When I crossed paths with Bella in the business field, I always lost to her. I'm in no position to guide her."
Bella said, "That's because you let me win."
"I really didn't let you win back then," Justin replied honestly.
Bella playfully jabbed her elbow into his ribs, sending a mixture of pain and numbness throughout his body.
"Anyway, I'm assured with you by Bella's side. When Dad's condition stabilizes, I will bring him to Meridan for treatment with Arnold. I'll have to rely on you for the family and KS Group." Asher's lips curled. "If you miss Dad, me, or Arnold, you're welcome to visit anytime 
The couple held each other's hands as they nodded.
At this moment, footsteps sounded behind them.
Asher could tell who it was just by the sound, and his heart skipped a beat.
"Arnold is here!"
Bella perceptively grabbed Justin's hand and started walking away. "Take your time to talk to Arnold. We'll leave first!"
The moon hung high and bright in the night sky.
###chapter1675
Asher and Arnold were both outstanding men with well-matched figures. Arnold stopped a few steps away, and they looked at each other. The clear moonlight shone on Arnold's gorgeous face, casting a gentle, soft glow that made it impossible for Asher to shift his gaze away.
"Asher..." He hesitated.
Asher walked toward Arnold, his eyes shining and his breath heavy.
"Asher, I..."
The next second, Asher wrapped his long arms around Arnold's waist and pulled him close.
Arnold's trembling lips met Asher's.
Their beautiful shadows merged.
After a long time, they separated. Arnold's lips were moist, and his narrow, fox-like eyes were dazed and hazy.
"This is the first time you kissed me."
His voice was sullen, soft, and vulnerable, making him seem extremely pitiful.
"Sorry, I've made you wait for so long."
Asher lowered his head, his warm breath spreading at the tip of Arnold's nose as he grasped his hand tightly, interlocking their fingers.
"From now on, I will take the initiative in everything."
Wyatt's illness was no longer a secret, and all sorts of rumors about this wealthiest man of Hatchbay were flying around on the Internet. Some even said that he was on his deathbed, but it was kept hidden by the Thompson family due to public scrutiny and stock prices.
Those photos of Asher's and Arnold's shocking romance disappeared from the Internet overnight.
Even if someone tried to repost them on social media, they would vanish in a minute.
The public thought Asher would call
a press conference or publish a statement to clarify the situation, but three days had passed. The Thompsons remained quiet and did not take any action. It left the gossipers with no new material. 
Five days later, the official website of KS Group and all major media published a press release.
The content was short and simple, but it shook the business world.
[To meet future development
standards and requirements, after approval from the KS board of directors Asher Thompson has officially stepped down from his
position as Vice Chairman of the
board and CEO of KS Group,
effective today.] 
Everyone thought that Asher took the blame and resigned.
After all, with such a scandal, his public image was damaged, and he could no longer become KS Group's spokesperson.
James was the most thrilled to hear this news.
Immediately after the announcement, he went to claim credit with Lance.
Seeing that he had made great contributions in dismissing Asher, Lance promised to reinstate James as the managing director.
Although James was not promised a full restoration of his position, he still grabbed onto this last lifeline and stabilized his footing in the Iverson Group.
As long as he could stay, he would surely get the opportunity to regain everything that belonged to him.
That bastard Christopher would not be able to prance around much longer!
That night, James, feeling smug and triumphant, hosted a party at Pivotage to celebrate his successful comeback.
Seeing as James had regained favor in the Iverson Group, his "friends" prepared lavish gifts and buttered up to him.
His popularity seemed to return to James in an instant.
It was a scene of debauchery and indulgence in Pivotage.
Under the night sky, a tall figure stood there. The man's black trench coat fluttered in the wind as he stared at the heavily guarded door. He clenched his fists tightly. 
###chapter1676
It was already early morning at this moment. The two bodyguards stationed at the entrance of Pivotage were struggling to stay awake, forcing themselves to stay alert and wait for the next shift. One of the bodyguards suddenly froze while yawning. "Hey, listen. Did you hear something?"
"What? There's nothing."
"No, I heard something. It sounds like something is scaling the walls!"
The other bodyguard felt numb with fear. "I heard this place was a mass grave decades ago. Don't scare me in the middle of the night!" "Stay guard here. I'll check it out."
The first bodyguard grabbed his flashlight and walked to the back of the club warily. He shined the light around and then directed it up the wall.
The harsh white light just happened to brush past Drew, who stood on the edge of the windowsill with his hands in his pockets.
It was the fifth floor, and the windowsill he stood on was so narrow it could barely fit his feet. Losing his balance slightly would mean a fatal fall. However, Drew seemed stable and composed as he stood there and stared down at everything that was happening downstairs.
Seeing there was nothing unusual, the bodyguard scratched his head and left.
"How blind." Drew's eyes flashed coldly, and a fine glass cutter immediately appeared in his fingers.
With a few swift cuts, a huge hole appeared in the glass window. Drew quickly slipped in, as if entering somewhere uninhabited.
On the other side, James was fooling around with his cronies in a top-tier private room that had a minimum spend of seven figures.
He was still unsatisfied with having two women by his side and asked another curvy and sexy woman to straddle his thighs and feed him wine, mouth to mouth.
"Haha... I knew it! Mr. James, you are the chosen one, born to win! Your downturn is merely temporary, but you will forever stay at the peak now!"
"Exactly! How Could Christopher
compare to Mr. James? That
bastard was merely a dirty stray dog
who got lucky. He forgot his place
after getting a bone! Mr. James, you can't go easy on him. You must make him spit out everything he
took from you!" 
Upon hearing these words, James thought of the position he lost to Christopher and was enraged. He chased off all the women surrounding him. "Get lost! Fucking get lost!"
The women scattered in fear.
An underling approached. "Mr. James, are these chicks not to your liking?"
"Tsk. Pivotage is nothing special!" James tugged his tie frustratingly.
"The hottest chick in Pivotage is actually their manager. I heard she's incredibly beautiful!"
A glint of lust flashed across James' eyes. "Oh?"
"That woman is quite mysterious. Apart from the VVIPs, she never entertains other customers and doesn't show her face easily. But I
have a friend who was a reque
customer here. He was lucky enough to catch a glimpse of that
woman once... She's a fucking
stunner! Just one look at her, and he
was hard!" 
James' throat bobbed, and he tugged on his tie again, feeling a reaction below.
"He also told me that the woman looks really similar to the daughter of Hatchbay's wealthiest man, Bella! If we could get her to serve you, itd be like Bella herself. You could also experience Justin's happiness. How amazing!" 
The crowd laughed loudly.
However, James' expression was uglier than having eaten a dead cockroach. Even his hardness faded.
###chapter1677
Suddenly, James' eyes lit up as an evil thought came to mind.
Since he could not get his hands on Bella, he could at least vent his anger on the substitute!
He immediately called his secretary. His gaze was lascivious as he ordered, "Call the manager of Pivotage to have a drink with me."
Even though Yvonne was not planning to greet any customers tonight, she was still dressed to the nines from head to toe. She wore a light purple silk dress, revealing a large patch of flawless and fair skin on her back. She was sexy and exquisite.
It was the image she needed to maintain as Pivotage's manager.
Shaking the glass of wine in her hand, Yvonne walked into the monitoring room, full of screens.
Two employees there immediately got up and bowed. "Ms. Yvonne!"
"Is everything normal?" Yvonne's red lips pressed against the glass, taking a light sip.
"Yes. It's just that James brought some of his friends over and is having fun in Room S001."
An employee hesitantly asked, "Ms. Yvonne, James and Mr. Christopher are mortal enemies. What should we..."
"Since we are a business, all customers are welcome. James booked our most expensive private room, so we should give him a good time. Grudges don't interfere with making money."
Yvonne curled her lips disdainfully. "Tonight, the price for everything on the menu in S001 is doubled."
The two employees snickered. Yvonne was prepared to empty James' bank tonight.
Yvonne sipped her wine while sashaying to the surveillance screen, which was like an inescapable net, her eyes scanning the screens sharply.
Since she was a teenager, Christopher started training her in multiple aspects. Surveillance was one of them, which honed her eyes to be as sensitive and keen as a detective's.
An ordinary person would only feel dizzy when they looked at these densely packed screens, but she could remember the faces of every single person who appeared on the surveillance cameras in a few minutes. If there were any anomalies, she could detect them in seconds.
Just as she prepared to leave, her pupils shrank suddenly, and she focused on a screen in the far corner.
Drew's hard-to-ignore, striking figure flashed by.
Although he disappeared in the blink of an eye, Yvonne still saw him. That image was etched deeply into her mind.
Drew was not a member of Pivotage, so how did he get in?
What was he planning?!
Yvonne breathed hard to calm her pounding heart and suddenly turned around, smiling. "You've worked hard the whole night looking at the surveillance cameras. I prepared some snacks in the lounge. Go on and take a break. I'll keep watch over here." 
"Thank you, Ms. Yvonne! You're so kind!"
The two employees left happily.
Yvonne secretly breathed a sigh of relief, then skillfully began typing on the keyboard, pulling up the footage of Drew.
Under the high-definition surveillance camera, the man's handsome face struck her trembling pupils. His sharp eyes were cold as ice, irresistibly drawing her in.
But she had no time to admire it further, as she quickly deleted it.
Drew completely vanished from the surveillance.
Although Drew was a special agent with top-tier counter-surveillance skills, he still underestimated Christopher's meticulousness and Pivotage's surveillance system. 
The so-called privacy was merely to ease the customers.
This place was riddled with spy cameras. It could be behind the mirror or inside the flower pot. Even a fly would be caught by one of the cameras, let alone an adult man, and a strikingly handsome one at that. 
However, Drew remained calm and moved swiftly without a care. If he could get in, he could get out.
###chapter1678
Drew would find a way out, and he would also avenge his brother by crippling that son of a bitch, James.
He could not wait a minute longer!
Drew's hands were still in the pockets of his black trench coat as he sped toward the private room James was in. Suddenly, a pair of fair hands grabbed his arms, yanking him into the darkness with force.
Drew's gaze darkened, and the muscles on his arms bulged, ready to strike.
The space was limited between the narrow storage racks, forcing them to press their bodies tightly together.
As their eyes met, Drew finally caught a clear look at Yvonne's face.
"You..."
"Shh!"
Yvonne's forehead was covered with a layer of cold sweat, and she covered his mouth in a panic.
At the same time, a few steps away, a group of patrolling bodyguards just happened to walk past them.
Yvonne's hanging heart finally calmed down only after the sound of footsteps faded, and her trembling hand slowly lowered.
"Ms. Yvonne, what a coincidence."
Drew raised an eyebrow, curling his lips into a smirk, his warm breath brushing against her nose. "I didn't expect us to meet again in such an exciting and unique way." Yvonne stared deeply at him, feeling dazed.
This man was too special.
How did he manage to remain so calm and composed no matter what dangerous situation he was in?
"Ms. Yvonne, do you like to play hide and seek?"
Drew propped his arm against the shelf, trapping Yvonne under him. He smiled casually. "As Pivotage's manager, you have quite an exciting nightlife."
Yvonne's lashes fluttered. Seeing that her identity was exposed, she could not help but feel irritated. A desire to win surged within her.
"Mr. Brown, did you come here to get wasted or have fun?"
She sneered, poking at the man's chest muscles through his black shirt. "But everything here is quite expensive. Did you bring enough money?"
"You know my last name? Impressive." Drew's eyes narrowed playfully.
Yvonne's heart thumped wildly, and her fingertips curled.
She revealed something she should not have.
"Since you know my last name, do you know my first name?"
Drew suddenly grabbed her hand, a cocky grin spreading across his lips. "I'm Stingy Brown, and I like being a free-loader."
Yvonne was speechless.
"I came here tonight intending to leave without spending a penny. Ms. Yvonne, do you approve?" Drew's face was half in the shadows and his tone was icy. 
His many years of being a special agent made playing along in such games his second nature, but he did not like it.
At this moment, he only had the patience to banter with this woman because he wanted to complete the mission that Bella entrusted him with.
Otherwise, he would have broken Yvonne's finger as soon as she touched his chest.
Yvonne finally dropped the pretense, her expression stiffening. She said in
a low voice, "Mr. Brown, you're not a customer here, so please leave immediately!" 
The man smiled provocatively. "What if I don't? Will you kick me out? If you were, you wouldn't have helped me hide just now, right?" "What do you want to do? I'm not joking with you now!"
Yvonne noticed the clock nearby, her anxiety growing as the time ticked closer to Christopher's return. "This place is not as simple as you think. Do you know what's waiting for you if you get caught?!" 
"I could just sign up for a membership."
"Drew Brown!"
In her panic, Yvonne blurted out his name and her true feelings. "Are you so eager to die in his hands?!"
###chapter1679
In an instant, Yvonne felt as if her throat was sealed. She held her breath.
Drew's brows furrowed as he scrutinized the woman's flushed face. A hint of contempt rippled through his heart. 'Should I die in Christopher's hands? Or hers?'
He did not forget that night when Yvonne approached him with ulterior motives and that poisoned brooch hidden in her hair.
How interesting.
She and her boss, Christopher, must have come to a consensus. One of them was playing the bad cop, and the other was playing the good cop.
This must be part of their scheme too. Christopher wanted to use Yvonne to seduce Drew, acting as if she had saved him.
Did they think that Drew was stupid or that he would be seduced by a woman so easily?
Even if Drew were a pervert who thinks with his dick, his desires would have been quelled after seeing her face.
The smile on Drew's face sent a chill down Yvonne's spine. She pursed her lips tightly, her back against the cold metal rack.
"Oh? Ms. Yvonne, your words made me curious. Who's hands will I die in?"
"In any case, you should leave immediately..."
"That evil, cunning son of a bitch that looks like a sissy?"
Drew was referring to Christopher. His brows were raised disdainfully. "Let him come. I'll see what he's got."
Yvonne's dark and bright eyes widened, her mind almost snapping from the tension. Her voice trembled slightly. "You... When did you know?"
"When I first met you in the bar, I saw you get in his car."
Drew's lips curved playfully, his cool fingertips pinching her chin. "But don't be afraid. Even if I know you work for him, I won't do anything to you. You are your own person." A ripple stirred in Yvonne's calm heart, and she felt a sense of warmth.
But the next second, the man's words made her heart plummet.
"Besides, with your face, I couldn't bear to harm you." Drew smiled and touched her ear. His voice was hoarse.
Yvonne felt a sting in her heart. Her slender hands pressed against his chest as she tried to push him away. "I know my face looks like your sister, but I'm not Bella Thompson."
Drew sensed her fluctuating emotions. His gaze darkened, and he scoffed. This woman wore Bella's face to thrive in the business of pleasure and obtain Christopher's favor. She was benefiting from this face. He did not complain, yet she was already upset. Was that not hypocritical?
Yvonne suppressed her stirring
emotions and said softly, "Mr. Christopher will not let go of anyone who intrude's on Pivotage. I don't e care what you came for, but where there's life, there's hope. You can do whatever you want elsewhere, but not in Pivotage! If he returns, you won't be able to escape, no matter how skilled you are!" 
Drew laughed. "Is that so? Then I should stay and see for myself."
"Drew... Even if you don't care about yourself, what about Ms. Bella?!"
Seeing that time was slipping away, Yvonne panicked and suddenly grabbed the man's collar. "I don't have a family, but even so, I understand that feeling! If anything happens to you, wouldn't your family be sad for you? Wouldn't Ms Bella be heartbroken? How can you be accountable to anyone by throwing your life away recklessly? Isn't Chairman Thompson in the hospital? Can't you think of him?!" 
Instantly, their noses were about to touch.
The woman's warm breath, tinged with the scent of sweet red wine,
lingered near Drew's sharp jawline His dark eyes reflected the tiny glimmers of light in her eyes when she was provoked, and his brows furrowed with gloom.
Was being considerate of him part of her plan? Did she want to be thorough with her act?
"James is here, right?" His short sentence enlightened Yvonne. "Did you come because you want to avenge Mr. Asher?"
"Ha, Ms. Yvonne, you know everything that's happening. It's a waste of talent to have you managing Pivotage."
###chapter1680
Drew curled his lips and smirked. "I only mentioned James once, yet you immediately knew I came for revenge. Not only that, you knew it was for my brother." Yvonne's face burned. No matter how cunning and clever she was, her brain would not work in front of this man. She fell right into his trap.
"I work beside Mr. Christopher. I know about things happening in the Iverson Group..."
Suddenly, Yvonne's breath hitched. This time, it was Drew who covered her mouth.
At the same time, the footsteps of two bodyguards gradually became closer.
"Hmm? Why did I hear someone talking?"
Their footsteps stopped beside the storage rack.
Yvonne's forehead was covered in a layer of sweat as her heart raced.
However, Drew's gaze was calm as he cupped the back of her head, his fingers threading through her hair. He slowly pressed her head against his chest. Instantly, Yvonne relaxed completely, closing her eyes.
"Was there any sound? You must've misheard."
"Hmm... Maybe I'm hearing things. I've been exhausted lately. Let's hurry to the lobby. Mr. Christopher is returning soon!"
The footsteps left hurriedly.
However, Drew was still hugging Yvonne in the same position. Their breaths intertwined, and neither of them moved.
"James brought quite a crowd today. With the security at Pivotage, you'll suffer quite a loss, even if you are exceptionally skilled."
Yvonne inhaled the sharp scent of tobacco from his black shirt, her ears turning red. "If your purpose is to take revenge on James, I have a safer way."
Drew looked down at her. "What?"
"Come with me."
Yvonne skillfully avoided all the cameras on the way, bringing Drew into her room.
For now, this is the safest place in all of Pivotage.
After locking the door, Yvonne immediately ran to her study.
Drew followed after her, and at the same time, his instincts made him warily scan through every corner of the room.
The king-sized bed's headboard was lined with cute stuffed animals. There was a pink bunny, a yellow golden retriever, and a black-and-white striped clumsy penguin. Drew could not help but feel surprised.
He thought a sexy woman like her, who immersed herself in the sensual world of pleasure, would have a mountain of luxurious items in her room.
She was very different from his sister, who loved handling weapons from a young age.
Soon, Yvonne took an envelope from the bottom drawer of her desk and handed it to Drew.
The man took it, confused. "What's this?"
"Mr. Christopher ordered me to investigate this. Over the years, James used the charity scholarship fund under the Iverson Group's name to force those girls into sexual transactions."
Afraid of wasting time, Yvonne
spoke quickly. "Many of the victims are minors. Not only did he coerce and tempt them into giving their bodies to powerful men, but he also violated these girls. I don't have time to explain it to you. You'll understand once you go through these." 
Drew was immediately enraged, his eyes reddening. "Fuck... That sick bastard Lance Iverson has raised a group of sexual offenders! James, that son of a bitch! I'll cut his dick off and feed it to dogs!" 
"The Iverson brothers are birds of a feather. Charles is openly vile, but James is more disgusting than his brother. He's a complete hypocrite using charity to cover his crimes and paving his way with those girls' tears and blood. Go home and read through it. Each case is
make anyone explodenough to
with anger!"
Yvonne stomped her feet angrily, but she forgot she was wearing high heels, so her body stumbled sideways. 
Drew reacted quickly. His muscled arms immediately held her thin waist, enabling her to balance herself.
"Thank, thank you." Yvonne's voice was soft, her cheeks flushing.
###chapter1681
"Are you also including Christopher when you mention the animalistic Iverson brothers?" Drew asked a soul-piercing question. Yvonne's long eyelashes fluttered gloomily. "Every hostess who provides service for the customers in Pivotage does so voluntarily." "You're willingly following him too?" Drew's cold eyes narrowed slightly as he withdrew his hand that was supporting her waist.
Yvonne felt her heart ache. Her throat was dry as she parted her lips. "Yes. I did it voluntarily."
Drew tilted his head and sneered mockingly. His eyes, which reflected her face, dimmed.
No matter the reasons this woman had for helping him, whether she was stupid or had an ulterior motive, Drew reminded himself that she belonged to Christopher.
"Take this evidence back and hand it to Ms. Bella and Mr. Salvador."
Yvonne's gaze was intense. "This is James' Achilles heel. They could definitely use these to sentence that bastard to eternal ruin, far better than you going up against him head-on."
"Aren't you afraid Christopher would find out that you helped me? Aren't you afraid he'll punish you? Even kill you?" After checking, Drew kept the file in his trench coat securely. "I'm afraid."
Yvonne's gloom lifted, and a bright smile danced on her red lips. "But I want to repay your kindness."
"Kindness?"
"That night, I had gastric ulcers. Thank you for leaving me the medicine the next day."
However, Yvonne did not get to take the medicine because it was crushed to powder by Christopher. Drew had long forgotten about this and only remembered it after her reminder. "Oh, it's nothing."
At this moment, Yvonne's phone rang. It was her subordinate.
"Ms. Yvonne, Mr. Christopher is back. His car is driving into the underground parking lot."
"Got it."
After hanging up the call, Yvonne pulled Drew toward the door in a panic. "Leave now. Mr. Christopher has returned!"
"What are you scared of? I can definitely get away unscathed."
"Where can you go? There are cameras at the front and back doors. Can you make yourself invisible Yvonne was sitting on needles. Christopher's phone could monitor the situation here in real time. 
Everything would be over if he found out!
"Why would I use the door? A real man never goes for the backdoor." Drew lifted his chin smugly.
The atmosphere was tense, but Yvonne could not help smiling upon hearing his words.
Knock knock!
Someone suddenly knocked on the door, and a female voice sounded. "Ms. Yvonne, are you inside?"
"What is it?" Yvonne could only use a cold, hard tone to mask her anxiety.
P.ne
"Room S001 has a situation. James specifically asked for you. When the supervisor explained that you don't take client's, he threw a tantrum, smashing everything in the room and even injuring two girls... How should we handle this?" 
An idea appeared in Yvonne's mind, and she said, "I'll be right there."
After the woman left, she took a deep breath and looked into Drew's clear eyes. "James and Mr. Christopher are mortal enemies. If I see him and cause a commotion, Mr. Christopher will naturally come over. You should leave quickly."
Yvonne wanted to turn around, but Drew's brows were slightly furrowed, and he suddenly grabbed her delicate arm, his fingers gradually tightening. "Must you go see him?" Their eyes met, and Yvonne felt an electric current surge through her heart.
"Yeah. It's the only way you can get away safely."
###chapter1682
Yvonne's silver high heels clicked sharply and urgently down the majestic hallway, heading straight to Room S001. "Ms. Yvonne! You're finally here!"
The supervisor and a few hostesses stood at the door, trembling, at a loss of what to do. One of the girls had a bleeding wound on her forehead, blood dripping down her cheek, and the other had a black eye, both heavily injured.
"Scumbag! Such vicious attacks!"
Yvonne was deeply upset and scolded the supervisor sternly. "Why are you just standing around? They are badly injured. Why haven't you sent them to the hospital? What are you waiting for?!"
"Ms. Yvonne, sending them to the hospital is a small thing. Most importantly, we need to get rid of the huge problem inside!"
The supervisor was drenched in sweat. "Mr. James is a VIP, and he is Mr. Christopher's brother. How do we handle this big mess appropriately?!"
"VIP?"
Yvonne's gaze was cold and sharp, getting her teeth furiously. "What kind of VIP is he? He's merely a dog who can't control his lower body! Also, no matter what happens, nothing is as important as our staff's safety. Send them to the hospital for medical treatment immediately. I'll handle things here!"
The two girls were full of gratitude, thanking her as they cried.
In Pivotage, the only person left with a sense of humanity was Yvonne.
The sound of bottles smashing came from the room again, as if a hurricane had struck. Yvonne kicked the door open, walking in fearlessly. James, already drunk, was willfully destroying the expensive decorations like a demolition crew while his group of lousy friends cheered him on. However, Yvonne's appearance immediately silenced the room.
The group of perverts' attention was fully attracted by the woman's captivating beauty and alluring figure, staring at her like a hungry wolf and even drooling. "Fuck... She looks so much like Bella!"
"It's such a waste of resources to have such a stunning chick but keep her hidden instead of letting her entertain guests! This should be Pivotage's ace!" James turned around, panting heavily. When he saw Yvonne, his heart skipped a beat in fear.
Bella was beautiful, but too prickly. After all, that scheming woman had set Charles and Astrid up, almost tricking him as well. When James saw Yvonne's face, his first reaction was fear. 
"Mr. James, have you had your fun yet?"
Yvonne casually glanced around the room, then walked to the side and grabbed the only crystal vase left on the shelf.
The next second, she raised the vase and smashed it at James' feet fiercely.
With a loud crash, the vase shattered into pieces at his feet.
The flying shards made James jump in shock, losing all the composure of a noble young man.
"This was the most expensive item
in the room. Why didn't you smash
it?" Yvonne crossed her arms, looking at him with a fake smile. "I'm afraid you would be tired, so did it for you. No need to thank me."
"You...!" James glared at her, gritting his teeth, feeling so mad that his face darkened.
"Oh, right. Mr. James, you must understand the concept of compensating for damaged property. Moreover, you injured our workers, so you'll need to pay for their medical fees too."
Yvonne blinked, her slender fingers pointing at the damage around the room. "Hmm... Based on my initial estimate, you probably smashed $4 million worth of goods. Combined with the one I smashed for you and the workers' medical fee, I'll give you a discount of $6 million. Mr. James, remember to settle the bill before you leave. I'll waive the service fee for you tonight." 
###chapter1683
"$6 million?! Why don't you fucking rob a bank?!" James' nostrils flared as he gritted his teeth furiously.
"You are the Iverson family's eldest son and the former CEO of the Iverson Group. $6 million is merely pocket change for you. You don't lack the money, do you?" Yvonne's red and charming lips curled mockingly.
The few people present were stunned.
This woman not only looked similar to Bella, but she also imitated that bad-tempered bitch's attitude.
The supervisor stared at Yvonne in shock, his heart almost jumping out of his chest.
However, he felt that it was weird. He worked with Yvonne for a long time, and she was never like this.
Incidents like this, where Pivotage's guests had too much to drink and caused trouble, happened frequently. Yvonne had always resolved things peacefully as the manager, never confronting them directly. But when facing James, it was as if she saw her mortal enemy. She was clearly trying to provoke him.
The word "former CEO" cut deep into James. He stormed up to Yvonne, the veins on his hands bulging as he strangled her throat, viciously pushing her against the wall!
Everyone was stunned, but no one dared to intervene.
"Fucking bitch! Do you want to die?!"
Yvonne's face flushed red, and tears welled up in her eyes.
But just as James thought this lowly woman would submit to him, she slowly curled her lips and laughed.
The laugh was painful, but it was clearly mocking him.
"How dare you laugh at me?!"
Just as James, consumed by rage, wanted to hit her, a chill suddenly radiated from behind.
Then, someone grabbed him by the collar, making him let go of Yvonne's neck.
A heavy punch landed squarely on James' face. He immediately felt intense pain as blood gushed out of his nostrils.
"Ugh!"
James covered his bloody nose and stumbled back. That was when he saw who had hit him. That fair exquisite, but incredibly sinister face was none other than Christopher's. 
"Ahem..." Yvonne sat on the ground weakly, gasping for breath.
At this moment, only one thought flashed across her mind. Did Drew leave Pivotage safely?
"Bastard... It's you... Ugh!"
Before James could finish his words, Christopher strode forward and grabbed his collar, punching him again.
At this moment, several bodyguards walked in, silently making everyone else leave before closing the door.
The luxurious room became a slaughterhouse to teach James a lesson.
Christopher sat on James, punching him again and again with a numb expression.
James' eyes were so swollen he could not open them, and his front teeth were knocked out, leaving him in a sorry state.
"Mr. Christopher! It's enough... You might kill him if you continue."
Christopher finally retracted his when
rar reminded him to b . He slowly stood up penet
the
underneath
He pulled out a pristine white handkerchief from his coat and wiped the blood on his hands carefully, then threw the dirtied handkerchief on James' disfigured face. 
###chapter1684
"You... You... Hit me..." James could see stars. He mumbled with his mouth full of blood.
"You caused trouble on my turf and roughed up my staff. James, have I been too lenient with you?" Christopher looked down at him, his lips curling coldly.
"You... Your... Turf...?" James widened his eyes in shock.
"Pivotage is owned by Mr. Christopher. Everything inside here belongs to him," Taylor said proudly.
James' body turned stiff. He was so shocked that he was at a loss for words.
The mysterious owner behind the top club in the country, a popular place where countless people dreamed of becoming members to showcase their status, was Christopher?! Christopher was merely an abandoned son who just managed to stand his ground in the Iverson Group. How could he have accumulated such an empire? What kind of joke was this? "Since you came here to spend money, I won't do anything if you behave yourself. But I guess I've overestimated that you'll be able to act human."
Christopher turned around and walked to Yvonne, staring at her indifferently. He held out a clean hand toward her.
It was like when they first met. However, everything has changed.
Back then, Christopher's hand represented salvation. He pulled Yvonne out of Hell and into the human world, giving her hope.
But now, it was the same pair of hands that repeatedly pushed her into the abyss, sending her to those demons again and again.
Yvonne had seen through it, and her heart had gone cold.
She no longer wanted his pity and charity.
"No need to trouble you, Mr. Christopher... I can get up on my own." Yvonne steadied her breath, gritted her teeth, and struggled to stand up while shaking. Christopher's eyes were indifferent as he glanced at Taylor calmly.
Taylor quickly draped Christopher's coat over Yvonne's shoulders. "Ms. Yvonne, Mr. Christopher immediately came to help you after hearing that you're in trouble. Look, he cares for you so much!" Yvonne lowered her eyes and said nothing.
"Christopher... So you've been playing the fool, huh? You were always pretending!" James pointed at Christopher's face with a shaking finger, as if he only saw through his true colors at this moment. "Did I pretend? Aren't you just blind?"
Christopher snorted coldly. "You've
never looked at me as an equal. You still thought was the same weak child fifteen years ago whom you could bully and butcher at will. James, you're not only blind. You're also stupid and arrogant. Butt should thank you for
underestimating me. If you weren't so full of yourself, how could I have won so easily? How could you lose so miserably?" 
"Won...? Don't boast so soon!"
James felt his vision swimming, unable to get up. "I've... Taken Asher down... Dad trusts me again and is ready to promote me... How long do you think... You can stay in you position?! In my opinion... Running this brothel suits you better!"
"Did you really think you took down Asher?" Christopher glanced at him disdainfully.
James' heart tightened. "What do you mean?"
"Whatever. Since you're already dreaming, I'll let you finish it."
Christopher held Yvonne's slightly trembling shoulder and walked toward the door. "You don't need to pay for the things you smashed. Save the money and fix your face instead."
Just as the two left, James, unwilling to admit defeat, suddenly laughed hysterically.
"Hahaha! Christopher! You're such a twisted freak! You can't get Bella... So you kept a woman who looks like her around you! You're so pathetic... How pitiful!
"You can't have the real one, so you
got a fake substitute! But for a bastard like you who needs to resort to dirty tricks to get Dad's attention... A fake is all you deserve! You will never beat Justin... And you'bnever have Bella... Ever! Hahaha!" 
A murderous intent flashed across Christopher's dark eyes as he walked out.
Yvonne could clearly feel the slight pain in her shoulder where the man was holding her.
###chapter1685
Back in his room, Christopher downed a glass of strong liquor, barely easing his anger.
"Mr. Christopher, you don't need to get mad with that idiot."
Taylor quickly comforted him. "His time is over, and he's at the end of his rope. With Ms. Bella's intelligence, she would soon trace Asher's case back to him. Perhaps she already knows and is just waiting to act! Be patient and let the Thompson family take care of him for you."
"Yvonne, what happened?"
"..."
Christopher coldly looked at Yvonne, who was standing timidly aside. "Without my orders, you never show yourself to entertain clients. Why did you appear in James' room this time?"
"Oh, Mr. Christopher, let me explain."
Taylor quickly helped out. "I looked into it. That scumbag Charles specifically asked for Ms. Yvonne to serve him, but our men refused, and he got mad. He was smashing things and causing a ruckus in the room, even injuring two girls. Ms. Yvonne was afraid things would escalate, so she came to handle it."
Yvonne's heart tightened, and she lowered her head, not daring to look into Christopher's eyes.
"If he wants to cause a scene, let him. It's just some bottles and vases. Do you think I care?"
Christopher's gloomy gaze landed on Yvonne's face. "But when you show up with this face, it could cause unexpected complications. My fight with James is at a critical moment now. Do not cause trouble for me. Also, I don't like disobedient women. If it happens again, I'll punish you severely."
Yvonne took a deep breath, her rose-colored lips slowly parting. "Mr. Christopher, now... My value as Ms. Bella's substitute is gone. Going out with this face will only cause trouble for you. Why not let me regain my original appearance and become myself?"
Taylor gasped in shock. 'God! What did Yvonne say? Did she have a death wish?!'
Indeed, Christopher closed in on her like a wolf, his gaze suddenly cold and menacing. "What did you say? Repeat it."
"I want to go back to my own
ance." Yvonne's moist a
red eyes shone, her fingers nervously digging into her palms. 
Christopher viciously grabbed her jaw, his grip so tight it hurt. "How can you have the audacity to say this to me? Being able to have a face similar to Bella's is your blessing. You should be grateful and thank Bella for granting you a value far beyond your own existence. Now, you tell me you don't want this face. How dare you?!" 
The man lifted his hand suddenly, causing Yvonne to cry out in pain. Tears welled up in her eyes.
At this moment, an urgent knock rang out at the door.
Christopher angrily withdrew his hand. Yvonne turned her face away, revealing a bright red mark on her jaw.
Taylor went to open the door, and a bodyguard walked in.
"Mr. Christopher, the window in
Room A015 on the fifth floor has a large hole. The cut is very clean likely made by a special tool. There
might be intruders!" 
Yvonne's forehead was covered with sweat, and her heart was racing.
"What?! What were you doing? Why did you only find out now?!" Taylor was shocked.
"Did you check the surveillance?" Christopher asked with a cold gaze.
"Yes, but... But it didn't capture any intruders."
Taylor's eyes widened. "Not even one? That's impossible!"
After all, there were more security cameras in Pivotage than there were holes in a beehive!
###chapter1686
"I'm sorry, Mr. Iverson. I've been busy handling trivial matters all night... I truly had no idea someone had sneaked in. Please punish me as you see fit." Yvonne immediately lowered her head, fearing the man would decipher her micro-expressions and see through her pretense.
"Heh, a thief? That's interesting."
Christopher lounged leisurely on the sofa, crossing his long legs and glancing casually at the rigidly standing Yvonne. "I do know someone with such physical skills. Yvonne, you know him, too."
"Who...?"
"The one you've been thinking about. The one you wanted to help me get rid of."
Yvonne's face turned deathly pale. She bit her lower lip hard. She felt as if her heart had been drained of blood, losing its ability to beat.
"Could it... Really be him?" Yvonne asked, trying to suppress the tremor in her voice.
"Well, if we think boldly, it's not impossible."
Christopher's long, pale fingers tapped a rhythm on his knee. "After all, James was having a good time here earlier tonight. Maybe someone was so eager for revenge that they couldn't wait for Bella to act and decided to deal with that scum personally. It's not out of the question. Too bad I wasn't here tonight. Otherwise, I'd have made sure he never left."
Over the past few days, Wyatt's condition has gradually stabilized. Therefore, his family took him back to Yara Park to recuperate.
Bella stayed in Hatchbay to care for her father. However, Justin, needing to keep the company running smoothly, could not stay away and had to shuttle between Savrow and Hatchway Bay, busy like a spinning top.
But no matter how tired he was, he would never utter a word of complaint to his partner, nor would he show the slightest sign of fatigue in front of her, especially not in bed.
He never skimped on any of the usual foreplay, tenderness, and intimacy in bed. He loved her deeply and passionately.
When Justin returned to Savrow tonight, he brought home some chicken.
Last night, while they were making love, Bella suddenly said she was craving fried chicken.
So, he spent the whole day thinking about fried chicken. Justin instructed lan to buy the chicken, and he sat in his office researching fried chicken recipes.
When Justin returned to Yara Park, it was already nighttime.
Justin knew Bella was waiting for him upstairs. However, he did not rush up.
Instead, he quickly went to the kitchen, rolled his sleeves up, put on an apron, and prepared to fry the chicken.
Even though he had cooked
countless meals for Bella, fried chicken was something not everyone could master. Despite
researching all day and follte net
the
video step-by-step, he still messed
up. Everything was all over the place. 
By the time he had the oil pan ready and the chicken pieces coated in batter, he was already sweating and had flour all over his face. Suddenly, he heard soft footsteps behind him.
His first thought was that Bella had come.
After all, sneaking behind him to scare him was a childish trick she had pulled many times before.
So, without stopping what he was
doing, Justin spoke in a low,
affectionate tone, thick with love, "Alright, know it's you. Did you come over because you smelled the
food you little glutton? Just
a
bit more. Tonight, I'll ensure you're
satisfied both in bed and out."
"Oh my goodness! You're a grown man. How can you talk so shamelessly?"
Justin's eyes widened as he quickly turned around.
Standing behind him was none other than Drew. As soon as Justin recalled his earlier suggestive words, his face turned as red as a boiled crab.
With his arms crossed and eyes narrowed, Drew could not help but tease, So, who's on top and who's on the bottom? Should I take the top, or will you do it?" 
###chapter1687
Justin's handsome face stiffened. Stunned, Justin accidentally dropped the piece of chicken into the hot oil.
The hot oil splattered onto his hand and arm, the pain jolting him back to reality. He said awkwardly, "Hey, Drew."
"Judging by how you're always making innuendos, you must be really good in bed, huh?"
Drew sneered, craning his neck to peek into the oil pot. "Well, I'm not sure whether Bella, the little glutton, smelled this. But I definitely followed the scent here. It smells like something's burning." Justin was startled and finally realized the chicken pieces he had put in earlier were still in the pot.
He hurriedly grabbed the skimmer. However, when he retrieved the chicken pieces, they had turned dark brown.
Justin's eyes filled with frustration. He recalled Wyatt's harsh comments the first time he tried his cooking.
The words echoed in his ears like a haunting melody.
"Alright, I get your intention. But there's no need to force yourself into areas you're not good at. If you end up with blisters all over your hands, wouldn't Bella be the one upset about it?"
As he spoke, Drew took off his coat, rolled his sleeves up, and stood next to Justin. He bumped him aside with his hip. "Move over. Don't get in the way."
Justin's eyes widened in surprise. "Are you going to make it?"
"Well, if we're counting on you, my sister would only get charred chunks of chicken."
Justin did not get angry because Drew was right. He had overestimated his cooking skills.
Drew washed his hands. Then, he skillfully put the chicken pieces into the pot, checked his watch, carefully timed it, and then stirred the oil. After a while, he took out the golden-brown chicken pieces. Justin stood by Drew, assisting and observing intently, absorbed in the process.
"So, do you know how to make it now?" Drew asked without looking up.
Justin nodded. "Yes."
"You've got it in your head, but you don't actually know how to do it yet, right?"
Justin frowned and smiled wryly. "Drew, sometimes I need a bit of encouragement, too."
Drew's long eyelashes fluttered as
he glanced at Justin. "You'll get it
right after a few tries. I failed countless times before I got it right too. If it weren't for Bella loving it who would bother with this messy and troublesome task? The smell of oil even sticks around for days! You Know, sometimes you shouldn't spoil her that much. If she gets used to it, she'll demand you to cook all the time. What are you going to do then?" 
Justin's gaze softened, a gentle smile playing on his lips. "It's alright. I'll do anything as long as Bella likes it. It doesn't matter how troublesome the task is." "Hmph! I hope it's not all talk." Drew scoffed, though his heart felt warm.
"Wow! Fried chicken! That smells so good!"
The two men turned around simultaneously.
This time, it was indeed the little glutton.
With the weather turning colder and to better care for her father, Bella swapped her elegant silk nightgowns for cozy, cream-colored plush loungewear. It complemented her delicate, moon-like face, making her look like a soft and adorable rabbit. 
"Justin, Drew, when did you both get back? You guys should've told me you're back."
Bella then shuffled over in her slippers, a sweet, warm breeze accompanying her as she dashed into Justin's arms.
"Wait... Bella, I'm covered in flour. I'll get your clothes dirty." Justin gently reminded her. His hands, coated in batter, froze in mid-air, not daring to touch her.
"You really made this for me just because I mentioned it last night?!"
Bella brushed the flour from Justin's cheeks with her warm fingertips, her heart aching and tender. "Why did you go through all this? You're already commuting between two cities every day, working, and coming back to be with me. It must be so exhausting for you. 
###chapter1688
"Why did you go through all this trouble? You could've just ordered takeout for something like this. You don't have to wear yourself out." "It's not tiring at all. What matters most is that you like it."
Justin wrapped his strong arms around her slender waist and looked gratefully at Drew. "Besides, I didn't do much. It was all Drew's hard work." "Oh. Please make sure it's extra crispy, Drew."
Pfft-!
Drew almost spat out his drink. He clutched his chest in mock agony.
With Drew's amazing cooking skills and Justin's assistance, two plates of golden, fragrant fried chicken were soon on the table.
Meanwhile, Justin's failed attempts sat sadly in the corner, like neglected babies.
"Hurry, Bella. Come and try my cooking!"
Drew leaned on the table, smiling as he watched his sister's eyes light up with anticipation. "It's been so long since I last cooked for you. Tell me if my skills have gone down."
Bella picked up a piece of chicken with her hand and took a big bite.
The crunch echoed in the room.
"It's delicious! Drew, your cooking is still as amazing as ever!" Bella exclaimed, her eyes sparkling with satisfaction.
Drew smiled with relief.
Suddenly, the image of a face similar to Bella's flashed through his mind.
The other night, he had safely escaped from Pivotage with Yvonne's help.
He wondered what had happened to Yvonne after he left. Did Christopher find out what she did? Had that scoundrel made things difficult for her when she went to stall James for him? 
Although Drew despised Christopher and was wary of Yvonne's identity, last night's events made him more curious about her.
He did not believe there could be a good person in Christopher's circle.
However, Yvonne did not seem like a bad person either.
"Hey! Bella, don't eat that!"
Justin's eyes widened. He tried to stop her, but it was already too late.
The little woman cheerfully bit into one of his burnt pieces of chicken, savoring it without any complaints.
"Mmm... It's not even that bad."
"Bella, stop eating that." Justin
hurriedly grabbed her hand. "Younet
don't have to compliment me for something like this. I know it's not good." 
"It's not even that bad. Anything made with care can't be that bad."
Bella then picked up another piece and ate it contentedly. "Besides, no matter what color it is, it all ends up in the same place. Right, Drew?"
Justin's lips curled into a gentle smile. He could not further resist his urge and planted a kiss on her greasy lips.
Drew clutched his chest again, unable to bear the sight.
He regretted coming back home.
What was he doing here?
"We've made so much food, and I can't possibly eat it all. Luckily, Axel and Ralph are home. I'll call them to join us," Bella said as she picked up her phone. 
###chapter1689
"Alright then. I was going to call them, too."
Drew's expression suddenly darkened. "I have something important to discuss with you all tonight."
Soon, Axel and Ralph joined the table.
The three Thompson brothers, along with the couple, gathered around the dining table, turning the kitchen into an impromptu conference room.
"Drew, we're here now. Stop keeping us in suspense and show us what you've got," Axel urged, munching on a drumstick.
Drew retorted, "Ax, why so anxious?"
Axel flung a chicken bone at him, which Drew easily dodged before tossing a file onto the table.
The four of them leaned in simultaneously. "What's this?"
"Didn't you all say you wanted to avenge Ash?"
Drew's eyes turned icy as he tapped the table with his finger. "We have enough evidence inside this folder to bring James down."
At the mention of evidence, Axel, the prosecutor, and Ralph, the police officer, perked up.
Bella quickly grabbed the file, eagerly spilling its contents onto the table.
The four of them each took a part of the document and read through it. As they read the documents, their expressions grew increasingly shocked and furious.
"The Bright Future Education
Foundation under the Iverson Group,
managed by James Iverson, has
raised over ten million dollars in just two years. However, none of this
money went to helping
poverty. Instead, it all went into James Iverson's pockets. Additionally, he even held so-called charity performance events, where the sponsored girls were paraded before high-ranking officials and wealthy men, essentially creating a selection process for their pleasure." en.s.net
Upon reaching this point in the document, Drew's eyes were already burning with rage. "Those girls just wanted a chance to go to school. But instead, they were thrown into a pit of despair, subjected to unspeakable torment."
Bella slammed her hand on the table, shaking with anger. "James Iverson is nothing but a hypocrite and an animal!"
Ralph's eyes burned with the same intensity of anger. "We should've taken him down when we went after Christopher. I regret not doing so every single day!"
"It's alright, Bella, Ralph. Justice will always prevail. He won't be able to get away with this for long." Axel reassured his siblings, squeezing Ralph's shoulder firmly.
Studying the documents in his
hands, Justin's brows furrowed tightly. "As a former spokesperson for the Iverson Group, James Iverson's cunning and methods far more sophisticated than Christopher's. Christopher flaunted his background and acted openly. However, James is different. He knows how to disguise himself using various covert means. On the surface, he appears to be a philanthropist." en.s.net
"Justin, what are you getting at?" Bella grabbed his hand.
"He's committed so many crimes. There's no way he hasn't covered his tracks."
Justin turned and met Bella's bright
eyes. "Although these pieces of
evidence are explosive news, they're
not detailed or comprehensive
enough. They can certainly
ov.net
intimidate him. But to convict him, we need a more thorough investigation and more witnesses Willing to come forward. As a prosecutor, I think Axel should be
more professional in this field than I am." 
en.s.net
Ralph nudged Axel with his elbow. "Hey, Ax. They're talking about you."
"Huh? Oh, I see."
Still getting used to the prosecutor title, Axel was momentarily slow to respond. "But even so, these pieces of evidence are enough for us to call James in for questioning and tea." Bella's eyes flashed with fury. "Questioning? That animal deserves to drink urine, not tea!"
Unusually playful, Justin remarked, “Well, if he's to drink urine, we'll need to call Master Jenkins in."
The mention of their bold and skilled friend from the gang lightened the mood in the kitchen slightly.
###chapter1690
Ralph clenched the photo tightly. "Bella, now that I know about this matter, especially since it involves Ash, I'll ensure it's dealt with properly. It's over for James this time."
Axel nodded in agreement. "I'll head back and start making preparations."
"Let's not rush things and alert him prematurely. We need to be absolutely sure about things before we take action."
After a moment of contemplation, Bella suddenly asked with curiosity. "Drew, where did you get this evidence? It has only been two days since Ash's case became public. It seems impossible for you to gather so much information in such a short time."
Drew's eyes were deep, like an impenetrable forest. "I went to Pivotage the other night. James was there that night, and I intended to confront him and avenge Ash."
Bella and Justin immediately tensed up.
For most people, Pivotage was a paradise of pleasure.
But for Drew, if Christopher caught him there, it could easily become his grave.
Christopher would not hesitate to kill, regardless of who the person was.
"But I didn't see James there. Instead, I met Yvonne."
"The woman who looks like me?"
"Yeah."
Drew was always honest with his younger sister. Since he had promised to help them investigate, he did not hold back. "She helped me avoid the surveillance cameras at Pivotage. When she heard I wanted revenge on James, she feared I'd cause too much trouble and alert Christopher. So, she gave me these materials instead to pass on to you both."
The young couple exchanged astonished looks.
Axel focused intently on Drew. "And then? What happened?"
"And then I left."
"But that beautiful woman saved you. Didn't she make your heart race? Did you not feel like embracing her?"
"I'm into men."
His blunt statement left Axel at a loss for words.
Drew grinned playfully. "I'm just kidding. Look at how easily you get flustered."
"Congratulations, Drew."
Bella raised her Coke with a knowing smile. "Our plan is starting to take shape. It seems Ms. Smith has genuinely fallen for you."
Drew tightened his grip on the can, his gaze cold. "Well, if she's fallen for me, it'll be the beginning of her nightmare."
"Heroes find it hard to resist beauty,
and beauties find it hard to resist Drew. Our brother here really has
way with both men and women,
Didn't Dr. Larson also fall for vernet
charms and end up being swept off his feet by you? Now this one, too?" en.s.net
Axel could not help but clap twice. "Sigh, Drew, we should really declare your face a national treasure."
Ralph quickly shoved a piece of
chicken into Axel's mouth. "You can joke about this with us, but don't do it in Ash's presence. You know his relationship with my cousin. He'd get jealous." en.s.net
Axel finally realized what he had said and wanted to slap himself.
How could he joke about Arnold?
"Ms. Smith's willingness to help you shows that there's already a rift between her and Christopher. At
very east, her attitude toward him
isn't as steadfast as before
en.swhovels.net
Bella clenched her fist in a gesture of encouragement. "Drew, you must strike while the iron is hot. Try to bring her over to our side!"
"Thanks for your hard work, Drew," Justin said, his arm around Bella's shoulders, feeling deeply grateful.
"Just wait and see."
Suddenly, Drew's mind flashed with the image of Yvonne's eyes. They were as clear as water and as bright as stars, making his heart skip a beat. However, his cold logic quickly overruled the fleeting distraction. He ruthlessly extinguished the faint light that had appeared in his dark pupils. "Once I've got every bit of useful information from her, I'll make sure to destroy both her and Christopher together."
###chapter1691
Drew's resolute words sent a chill down Axel's and Ralph's spines.
Drew could be ruthless and heartless when he wanted to. Even after all these years, his persistent estrangement from Wyatt showed just how stubborn he could be. "Drew, there's no need to be so extreme."
Bella shook her head calmly. "If she sincerely repents and is willing to break free from Christopher's manipulation and come to our side, I don't want to make things difficult for her." Bella's words caught Drew off guard. “Bella, do you mean.....”
"If she's willing to turn against Christopher and even come work for me, I'll gladly accept her and find her a position in one of the group's subsidiaries. She won't have to live that kind of debased life at Pivotage anymore."
Even Justin was surprised upon hearing Bella's words. "Bella, is that really what you want?"
Axel also frowned. "Even though she helped Drew and provided us with some evidence, it could be a trap set by Christopher and her to gain our trust. She could be a double agent."
"If that were true, she would've caused a bigger commotion when Drew infiltrated Pivotage and pretended to resolve it. Then Drew would have owed her a bigger favor. But she didn't do that. She genuinely meant to let Drew escape safely and give him pieces of evidence against Christopher. She was looking for the best possible way to handle things."
As she spoke, her bright eyes turned toward Drew. Her gaze became thoughtful. "What Yvonne gave Drew was her token of goodwill and a trump card from Christopher. If she were merely trying to curry favor, she wouldn't take such risks."
Drew's expression remained indifferent. However, a complex emotion also flashed in his eyes.
Reviewing the documents again, Ralph wondered aloud, "These pieces of evidence are pretty thorough, though. With the internal power struggles in the Iverson Group being public knowledge, why hasn't Christopher released these to bring James down directly? Wouldn't holding back like this only allow more complications to happen over time?"
Just as Bella was about to explain, Justin suddenly spoke coldly, "Bella just mentioned that this is Christopher's trump card. As the eldest son of the Iverson family, James still holds some shares in the Iverson Group. This is his last remaining value. Christopher intends to use this final leverage at a critical moment to force James to transfer his shares to him, just like he did with Charles."
Bella looked up at her man. Her eyes brimmed with affection.
"Damn! All those underhanded tricks to climb to power. Yet, no matter how high he gets, he's still despicable!" Axel spat angrily.
"Exactly! We can't let that snake have his way."
Bella then raised her chin with a determined smile. "We need to take James down. We're doing this not only to avenge Ash but also to turn Christopher's trump card into. worthless one. It's time he fa the trouble he's brought upon himself." en.s.net
Justin's large hand gently caressed the curve of her waist, his gaze fixed on her proud profile, his heart utterly captivated. "Bella, no matter what decisions or choices you make, I'll support you unconditionally."
en.s.net
Axel gave Drew a meaningful pat on the shoulder. "Drew, for the sake of our revenge plan, we need you to keep using your charm.”
Drew lowered his sharp eyes, his lips curling into a faint, enigmatic smile as he turned and left.
After discussing important matters with her brothers and enjoying delicious fried chicken, the couple went upstairs to rest.
Justin was preparing the bathwater in the bathroom while Bella was lighting aromatherapy candles and decanting red wine when she received a call from Roza.
"Master, how have you been lately?" Roza asked cautiously, afraid of stirring up her emotions.
"Well, a lot of things have been happening, but..."
Bella turned to look at Justin. He
Pnet
was kneeling by the bathtub, meticulously adjusting the water temperature. Upon seeing this, at wave of warmth filled her heart "Everything's been fine. And with my man by my side, I'm doing okay.” en.s.net
###chapter1692
Upon hearing Bella's words, Justin smiled warmly.
"Sigh... Now, I'll need to prepare two gifts for the holidays. It's going to cost me a fortune!" Roza pretended to sigh in distress.
"Haha, you don't need to worry about him. Just make sure to treat me well with good food and drinks. Just consider him the complimentary gift that comes with toothpaste at the supermarket!" Bella laughed, her voice clear and bright like silver bells.
Roza laughed heartily. "Haha! Alright!"
Justin was speechless.
Great. It turned out he was nothing but a freebie.
After the brief joke, Roza asked with concern, "Bella, are you really okay? Is there anything I can help with? Don't worry about bothering me. I'll do everything I can to assist you. Keeping things from me would only make me feel worse!"
"Everything is mostly resolved. My father's condition has also stabilized. Soon, my brother and Dr. Larson will take him to Meridan for further treatment. Thank you for your concern."
"Speaking of Dr. Larson, there are two suits he asked me to make that are still with me. They've been ready for a long time, but he hasn't picked them up yet. I've called him twice recently. However, he didn't pick up. I called you today to ask if you know if he's alright. He isn't planning to abandon the suits, is he?"
"Arnold asked you to make suits?" Bella was puzzled.
Arnold usually only wore casual clothes or a lab coat. He did not wear suits.
"Well, I suspect... No, I'm certain these suits are meant for your big brother."
Roza was a top-notch tailor with an eye like a measuring tape. Just one look up and down, and she could estimate a person's measurements with almost perfect accuracy. "A few months ago, Dr. Larson came to me to get a men's suit tailored. When I saw the measurements, they were much bigger than his own thought he was making it for his dad, and I even suggested that the style might be too trendy for an older man. Now, looking back... I feel like such an idiot." 
en.s.net
Bella burst out laughing. "So, you just found out about it now? My dear cousin was getting clothes made for his lover." "Yeah, I know about it now. I'm sweating here."
With an enthusiastic, lively tone, Roza then said, "Bella, Dr. Larson and your brother are a match made in heaven. When I saw the news, I was so excited that I couldn't sleep a wink that night! By the way, I've already decided. When your brother and Arnold decide to get married, I'll personally make their wedding outfits, free of charge!" en.s.net
Marriage?
Eavesdropping nearby, Justin could not help but imagine Asher and Arnold in matching black and white wedding suits, walking hand-in-hand into a church with beaming smiles. en.swhovels.net
They really did seem like a perfect match.
"Well, thank you for your good wishes. I also hope to see the day my brother and Arnold can be together."
Bella smiled brightly. "Arnold is probably too busy to check his phone. I'll swing by your studio tomorrow to pick up his suit. We can catch up then."
"Sure thing, Master. I'll prepare some good food for when you come over!"
After the call ended, the bathwater was also ready.
"Bella, you go ahead and take a bath first. I need to step out and call lan to go over some work stuff."
###chapter1693
Just as Justin turned to leave, Bella grabbed his large hand. Her eyes were soft and glistening, and her cheeks blushed alluringly. "Do you really have to go now? Are you really going to let me bathe alone?" Justin's Adam's apple bobbed hard, his eyes darkening with desire. The veins on his hand, which she held, bulged and pulsed. "I don't want to leave you here alone, but you haven't slept well the past two nights because of me. If we do this again tonight, I'm afraid your back won't be able to handle it...”
Before he could finish his sentence, Bella's eyes shimmered with unshed tears.
With a light flick of her delicate fingers, the only towel left on her slender body slipped to the floor.
Instantly, Justin's breath became ragged. His already weak willpower crumbled.
He lowered his lashes and kissed her soft lips almost violently, unbuttoning his shirt as he did so.
He only managed to unbutton one before he tore the rest open. The expensive crystal buttons scattered around the steamy bathroom like his lost reason.
While he kissed her, he scooped her up and stepped into the large bathtub.
Bella's arms wrapped around his neck. Her moans were soft and sweet, her body melting into his like water.
Her slender fingers gripped the tub's edge, dipping in and out of the water, causing ripples that shimmered with desire.
After their passionate encounter, Bella lay exhausted on the bed while Justin held her from behind.
"Will you still tease me next time, you little temptress?" Justin murmured, his face buried in her neck, inhaling her scent deeply.
"Are you blaming me for it now?"
Bella felt a tickle and shrank her neck, "It's all because of you, you lecherous man. You couldn't even control yourself. You should work on your willpower. Hmph."
"How cruel. How could you expect a lion to be a vegetarian?" Justin's voice carried a helpless chuckle.
Bella turned to face him, her voice soft, "Justin, when I said earlier tonight that I'd take in Yvonne if she defected to our side, were you really fine with it?" "As long as you're fine with it, I don't mind at all."
"I knew none of you would understand my thinking."
Bella sighed, "After all, she's one of
Christopher's most trusted
subordinates. She once even impersonated me to help him set you up, causing nearly irreparable damage between us... I can see why you'd have a hard time letting that go." en.s.net
"But rationally, I know you're making the right call."
Justin pressed a warm kiss on her forehead. "Turning an enemy's most trusted subordinate is far more valuable than destroying her."
Bella nodded repeatedly.
"Both Yvonne and Taylor are considered Christopher's aides. Taylor is loyal to him like lan is to me. There's no chance of convincing him to join our side. However, Christopher assigned Yvonne
l.ne
work at a place like shore
she had to entertain clients. She
must have endured a lot over the years, reaching her breaking point. Otherwise, she wouldn't have risked everything to help Drew escape." en.s.net
Bella brushed Justin's Adam's apple lightly with her fingers. "Do you know why I believe we can convince Yvonne to join us? It's not because she's fallen into the dust or because she's interested in Drew. It's
because she has a face
en.s.net
Justin was momentarily stunned. "Your face?"
###chapter1694
"With Christopher's cunning nature, I believe he had long intended for Yvonne to be part of his scheme. Even if that's not the case, he probably forced her to undergo plastic surgery to look like me out of frustration. He probably did it just to fulfill his depraved desires."
Nestled in Justin's arms, Bella trembled in anger. "If the surgery had made her even more beautiful, that'd be one thing. But who would willingly become someone else's double, losing their original identity? Does she really want to walk in daylight and be mistaken for Bella Thompson? Do you know what that means? It means that in this world, the girl named Yvonne Smith is essentially dead, even if she's alive." Suddenly, Justin felt a cold shiver run down his spine.
"Now, she's secretly sending us information through Drew. This is her way of fighting back against Christopher. She no longer wants to be Christopher's pathetic substitute for someone else."
"You're right, Bella. I've never even thought of it that way before."
After a moment of reflection, Justin asked worriedly, "Do you think Drew would develop feelings for Yvonne with all their interactions?"
"He won't. My brother is even more detached than Asher."
Without hesitation, Bella added, "Asher has been single for so many years because he likes men. However, Drew is single because of the nature of his work. He once told me that to complete his missions, he had to seduce at least eighty women in a year. He has since been immune to romance."
"Eighty?!"
Upon hearing the astonishing figure, Justin was shocked. "So, is Drew still okay physically?"
"Pfft! What are you thinking?!"
Bella poked his forehead with her finger. "My brother uses his skill to seduce them, not his body! Anyway, don't worry. What you're concerned about won't happen."
The next morning, Roza headed out to buy groceries and returned to the studio kitchen, humming cheerfully as she prepared snacks for Bella.
Just before noon, her assistant rushed in as she was about to give Bella a call.
"Ms. Walker, we have a visitor."
"Does she have an appointment?"
"No."
"Have you not been with me for long enough? You know my rule. I'm not seeing anyone without an appointment."
Her assistant frowned in
helplessness. "I've told her about et
this, but she's very persistent. She
said she won't leave until she sees
you." 
en.s.net
"Damn! Where did this brazen troublemaker come from? Why is she trying to pull this off with me?"
Roza stood with her hands on her hips, her hands assertively gesturing. "Just ignore her. Let her do as she pleases. If she insists on staying until the evening, I'll even have a place ready for her! en.s.net
Her assistant nodded reluctantly. Just as she was about to turn away, Roza stopped her again.
"Who is this woman?
"She said her name is Coral. She's the wife of the Iverson Group's former CEO."
At the
wift of the Iverson Group,
Roza's eyes darkened abruptly. She
her to
pulled off her apron. "Tale
my office. I'll see her." en.s.net
###chapter1695
When Roza arrived at her design studio, she saw Coral sitting stiffly, waiting.
"You're Mrs. Iverson, right?"
Upon hearing Roza's words, Coral hurriedly got up. "Yes, M-Ms Walker."
Without further words, Roza scanned the woman in front of her up and down. She felt somewhat surprised by the woman before her. As the eldest young madam of the Iverson family, Roza thought Coral would be elegant and assertive. However, that was not the case. Coral only wore a simple white suit, and her hair was neatly tied up. Although she had makeup on, it failed to conceal her weary spirit. "Mrs. Iverson, please have a seat."
Initially, Roza came here with resentment toward Coral. However, she could not bring herself to act rashly after seeing Coral's condition. So, she decided to wait and see what Coral would do. "Ms. Walker, I know my visit is abrupt and presumptuous, but I hope you can help me design an evening gown."
Coral pleaded eagerly, "Money is not an issue. Whatever others can offer, I'm willing to pay double or triple that price. It's not a problem. But please make an evening gown for me! I beg you!" "Mrs. Iverson, I'm just a designer. Please don't use such strong words."
Roza noticed Coral's trembling hand gripping the teacup. Coral's eyes were glazed, and her mental state was clearly troubled.
Seeing this, Roza spoke softly, "But my studio has always operated on an appointment basis since its opening. No one has ever been able to bypass this rule. If everyone could cut in line, it would severely delay our schedule and compromise the quality of our work. It's not just about our reputation but also fairness to our clients. So, please..."
Before Roza could finish her sentence, Coral suddenly slumped down and kneeled on the ground before her.
"Mrs. Iverson! What are you doing?!" Roza exclaimed in surprise, rushing forward to help Coral up.
Just as she lifted the woman, she unintentionally glimpsed something.
Large bruises and blood marks adorned Coral's exposed forearm, where her sleeves had inadvertently rolled up. Roza felt her mind buzzing.
She recalled the scene of the monster, or her so-called "father" abusing her mother when she was younger. Her mother had to endure great humiliation so that she could live a relatively good life.
belongs to en.s.net
"I must order my gown here because only your designs truly stand out. Others simply don't compare to yours."
Coral's body trembled uncontrollably. She was on the verge of crying. "If you refuse to help me... I'll kneel here all day and not get up!"
"Please don't do this. Please stand and speak."
Roza composed herself, her voice tinged with emotion. “Alright, I'll make one for you. Please stand up. I'll take your measurements now and see if any of our ready-made dresses fit you." Coral grabbed Roza's hand tightly, tears filling her reddened eyes. "Thank you... Thank you so much..."
Roza dismissed all her staff and assistants, leaving only Coral and herself in the spacious room.
She personally took Coral's measurements and swiftly picked out three dresses that matched her style and figure.
"Mrs. Iverson, what do you think about these three? If they aren't to your liking, I can choose some other gowns for you."
Coral did not hesitate long. She quickly embraced a dark green gown, as if afraid Roza might suddenly change her mind and. refuse to sell the gown to her..
vel.net
"There's no need for that. This one is
perfect." 
en.s.net
Roza's delicate eyelashes quivered as she watched Coral's tense expression. She could not help but feel sad for Coral.
"Ready-made gowns can never
compare to tailored ones. They have their flaws. To achieve the best took, why don't you try it on in the fitting room first? I'll make any necessary adjustments right away." en.s.net
Coral hesitated briefly. Eventually, she entered the fitting room.
###chapter1696
Countless painful memories flooded back, leaving Roza in turmoil. She was so upset that she walked over to the refrigerator, grabbed a bottle of ice water, and chugged it down to calm herself. Suddenly, there was a loud thud from the changing room. Roza jumped in surprise and quickly rushed to the door, knocking anxiously.
"Mrs. Iverson? Are you okay? Mrs. Iverson?!"
Roza felt her heart drop when she didn't hear a response. Without hesitation, she forced the door open and hurried into the room.
"Mrs. Iverson!"
In the changing room, Coral had passed out while changing. She was lying unconscious on the floor with her upper body exposed.
To Roza's shock, Coral's back was heavily marked with old bruises and healed wounds.
After a moment of disbelief, Roza swiftly removed her jacket, wrapped it around Coral, and gently lifted her while trying to rouse her by pinching her philtrum.
"Mrs. Iverson! Can you hear me?"
Coral slowly regained consciousness. Her eyes were dazed and unfocused.
Roza let out a sigh of relief and anxiously asked, "Mrs. Iverson, what happened to your body?!"
Tears welled up in Coral's eyes as she turned away, unable to meet Roza's sharp gaze.
"Did you get abused? Did James hit you?!" Roza's eyes blazed with anger, barely able to contain her fury.
"Ms. Walker, this is just something personal. Please don't ask," Corat said as she quickly got dressed. "I'll send you the money later, and my assistant will grab the clothes. I'm sorry for troubling you!" 
Roza called out to Coral's retreating figure, "Mrs. Iverson! Abuse doesn't just happen once. It happens over and over again! You know better than anyone how you endured all these years of humiliation and pain!"
She continued, "Do you really want to spend the rest of your life with such a beastly hypocrite? Even if you can bear it, how much longer can your body hold up? Do you want to be beaten to death by him?!"
"What can I do?! Do I have a
choice?!" Coral finally broke down,
unable to contain the
long-suppressed anger and
resentment in her heart. "I can barely
stay alive now, but if I resist,
only
be left with a dead end!"
"Nonsense!" Roza was deeply triggered by the abuse, causing her to shout hoarsely, "If you don't fight back, you'll be in real danger! Mrs. Iverson, you can still turn back now, as long as you..." Before she could finish, the door slammed shut.
Roza stood there, her expression frozen, seething with anger. An idea came to her mind.
As soon as Coral's car left the front yard of the studio, a luxurious sedan immediately took its place.
Despite the available parking spots, this car boldly parked right in front of the entrance.
"Oh my, what an awful location that little bitch chose! It's so remote, and the journey was a nightmare!"
A woman wearing a pink lace dress stepped out of the vehicle with a look of contempt on her face. It was Wendy, Roza's stepsister.
"Isn't it because the housing prices in this area are so cheap? That bitch is trying to save money for herself."
Right after that, a woman in her forties with elegant attire, a stern expression, and raised eyebrows emerged. It was Wendy's mother, Regina Walker.
Regina said, "The so-called
renowned designer is just a title she
uses to elevate her status. She's just looking for a wealthy husband to secure her future. If news gets out about her status as the illegitimate daughter, nobody will want anything to do with her. Marry her? It would tarnish the family name and bring them shame." 
###chapter1697
Wendy chuckled and said, "Mom, you're absolutely right!" Her thick eyebrows frowned as she continued, "But I really don't understand why we didn't hire a more well-known designer for my engagement dress. It's not like our family can't afford it, so why do we have to rely on that little bitch? It's just so unfortunate."
"Look, my dear daughter, you just don't get it."
Regina hooked her arm through her daughter's, speaking sincerely, "Your father built up this family wealth because he knows when to be frugal and when to spend. Having Roza make your dress is smart. She's skilled, so why not use her talents?
"Besides, letting Roza design your wedding dress is your father's way of testing her loyalty and reminding her of her place in the Walker family. Despite sharing the Walker family name, Roza will always be beneath you. It's her destiny to be your lifelong counterpart."
The mother and daughter, satisfied with their plans, entered through the front door.
"Excuse me, ladies. Do you have an appointment?" The assistant immediately stepped forward to stop them.
"Appointment? What appointment? Does a small shop like yours need to be so high-end?" Wendy scoffed, rolling her eyes.
The assistant frowned, her demeanor turning frosty. "I'm afraid Ms. Roza will not see you without an appointment. Even the CEO's wife of Iverson Group was just turned away for not having one." 'Iverson Group?!'
The mother and daughter exchanged shocked glances. Could it be true that someone from Iverson Group would come to this brat's shop to have their clothes custom-made?
Though the Walker family had some wealth, they were nothing compared to one of the four great families, the Iverson family.
"Well, we happen to be Roza's relatives. Could you please let her know we're here to see her? I'm sure she'll come down to greet us," Regina said, finally disclosing their identity, as they couldn't even get a meeting.
The assistant replied, "Ha, well, in that case, I definitely can't let you in."
The assistant looked them over coldly. "I've been with Ms. Roza for a long time. I'm well aware of her circumstances. Ms. Roza has
always said she only has one net?
mother, with all other relatives being essentially dead to her." 
Regina's expression darkened with rage.
"Dead... All dead?! That little bitch dares to say that?!" Wendy, unable to hold back, blurted out her insulting words about Roza.
A chilling presence suddenly
approached them from behind,
accompanied by the sound of icy, commanding footsteps. The Walker mother and daughter quickly turned around and saw a strikingly handsome man in a sharp black
turned
uniform, his eyes piercing and cold,
striding toward them.
Wendy couldn't help but stare at him, mesmerized by his striking good looks, Her heart raced as if she were having a heart attack! He was so undeniably handsome that she felt like she might even want to cry out 
wr
Wendy had always found her fiancé attractive and enjoyed showing off his photos, but he paled in comparison to this man.
Comparison was indeed the thief of all joy.
"Excuse me, who are you?" The assistant asked in confusion.
Axel's cold stare swept over Wendy's face after her arrogant outburst.
Regina shivered and instinctively pulled her daughter closer.
After a brief pause, Axel's gaze softened, and he offered the assistant a slight smile. "I had placed an order for two suits with Ms. Roza. She mentioned they're ready for me to collect." He then turned around and calmly approached a nearby sofa, taking a seat with his legs crossed, observing the two women with a touch of amusement.
"There's no rush. You can finish dealing with them first."
###chapter1698
What Axel did left the assistant stunned. His aloof and indifferent attitude made her truly believe that he was just an ordinary customer coming to pick up his clothes.
"Wendy, what are you staring at? Your eyes are glued to him." Regina forcefully pulled Wendy aside.
"Mom! Look at that man... He's so handsome! I've never seen anyone with such a magnificent face!" Wendy exclaimed with innocent excitement.
"Alright, alright. You're the daughter of a wealthy family. Don't act like you've never seen men. Even the most handsome man has only two legs," Regina scolded softly, but she couldn't help glancing at Axel out of the corner of her eye.
He seemed vaguely familiar to her. Besides, she felt his gaze on them was cold and intense, sending a shiver down her spine.
Just as the assistant fretted over how to get rid of these two nuisances, a crisp and sharp sound of high heels echoed from the stairs.
"Are you two done causing trouble?!"
Axel turned toward the voice and saw Roza standing not far away, her complexion pale.
"Mom, that wretched girl is here!" Wendy's eyes brimmed with disgust and hatred upon seeing her stepsister, Roza.
Originally, Wendy was the only legitimate heiress of the Walker family. However, the presence of this illegitimate daughter had somewhat affected her status in her father's eyes.
This so-called sister was far superior to her in many ways. Besides being pretty, Roza was also talented and accomplished. From a young age, she excelled in both character and academics. When she grew up, she became one of the top fashion designers in the country.
If it weren't for the fact that Roza had a troublesome mother, who was a murderer, perhaps her father would not treat her so indifferently now.
Perhaps the daughter to be married into the Sully family of North City wouldn't have been Wendy.
With every step Roza took toward them, it felt as if her feet were laden with lead. They were incredibly heavy.
As soon as she came downstairs, she saw Axel sitting there-handsome, tall, and with strikingly attractive features. No matter how many times she saw him, he always made her heart flutter. But that's all it could ever be-a fluttering heart.
The appearance of the Walker family was like the clock striking midnight, cruelly reminding her that Cinderella's dream was over.
It was because Roza genuinely liked Axel that she hoped he could be matched with a better girl-someone whose background, family, and past weren't as disgraceful and messy as hers. Regina's gaze turned more bitter and resentful upon seeing this outstanding, illegitimate daughter.
"Mrs. Walker, I'm currently working. If there's something, we can talk about it after I finish," Roza said stiffly, her voice low and hoarse.
With Axel watching nearby, she couldn't afford to openly quarrel with Regina and Wendy.
Otherwise, the family's scandal would become public, and she wouldn't be able to hold her head up in front of him or her mentor. She had struggled with all her might to rise from the bottom to her current position. She didn't want to revert to her old self and be looked down upon again.
Axel noticed Roza's dim and lifeless eyes but remained expressionless.
Regina had been holding back her anger, but now that she finally saw the person she had been looking for, she erupted like an unclogged, centuries-old toilet, spewing her foul resentment.
"Roza, now that you're a renowned designer, your arrogance has grown along with your temper, hasn't it? You're no longer the little girl who used to cling to the Walker family, always trying to please us," Regina said sharply.
"Mrs. Walker, my assistant may not recognize you and may have been negligent. But here, we treat everyone equally. There's no intention to make things difficult for you," Roza replied, her body feeling as if it were frozen, a chill spreading through her limbs and bones.
"If you have anything to say, let's talk in my office," Roza added.
Regina crossed her arms and spoke coldly. "I know you're independent and unwilling to admit that you're part of the Walker family. But your background is something you can't erase. No matter how high you fly, always remember that it was the Walker family's support that enabled you to get to where you are today." 
"Mom, you're being really subtle. Do you think she can actually understand you? Let me translate for you," Wendy said, her eyes flashing with wicked
competitiveness as she glanced at Axel sitting there. She took a step closer to Roza. "You must always remember that you are the
illegitimate daughter of the Walker
family." 
Axel's hand tightened around the teacup, the veins on the back of his hand faintly trembling, and his heart ached slightly. But considering Roza's feelings at the moment, he quickly averted his heated gaze from her pale face, fearing his scrutiny would only deepen her sense of inferiority and pain.
"Go to your office? Why should we
go to your office to talk? Is it because you feel ashamed of your identity?" Wendy seized the
opportunity to lash out. "We only et
come to see you once in a blue
moon, and every time we try to meet, you come up with all sorts of excuses to avoid us. Now that we're quarreling, if we don't make a scene now, won't your watchdogs bite us for approaching you?" 
The assistant was furious at what she said but could only swallow her rage due to their relationship with the boss.
Each insult felt like a knife stabbing into Roza's heart. In front of the man she loved the most, they cruelly exposed her deepest pain for all to see.
###chapter1699
There was nothing but silence from Axel's side.
Roza dared not glance in his direction. Her heart was aching so intensely that it felt like it might stop altogether. She felt like there was no one who could accept her. Even Axel, who had a pure heart, was no exception.
A stifling silence hung in the air for a while. Roza took a deep breath, forcing a laugh through her tears. "Yes, I am the illegitimate daughter, the daughter of Cole Walker's mistress. Our Walker family is like a dramatic family ethics show that's full of twists and turns."
She continued, "Wendy, you're about to be engaged to the son of the Sully family, right? When I meet my new brother-in-law, I'll make sure he understands our family's situation well. Knowing each other's background will help us get along harmoniously in the future."
The words stunned both Regina and Wendy into silence. The more Roza laughed, the angrier they became. This little wretch had decided to shamelessly confront them.
"So, tell me," Roza continued with biting sarcasm. "What business do you have today with me, the long-lost illegitimate daughter?"
Roza had been holding back moments ago, but now she threw caution to the wind. She glanced at her watch, her slender eyes filled with cold arrogance. "Hurry up. My time is very valuable."
"Wendy is getting engaged. Your father wants you to make two sets of dresses for your sister," Regina gritted her teeth, trying to keep her cool.
"Oh, sorry, but my schedule is fully booked this month, next month, and the month after that.," Roza replied calmly.
Regina's gaze turned cold. "Roza, are you going to refuse your father's orders too?"
Roza met her gaze fearlessly. "So what if it's my father? Even if the president comes, I wouldn't do it."
Wendy was so angry that her chest ached. "You!"
"Mrs. Walker, do you think I'm an idiot?" Roza, who was taller than the middle-aged woman, looked down at her. "You and your daughter just teamed up to humiliate me. Now you expect me to do you a favor? How could you be so thick-skinned?"
"You insolent brat! You're absolutely outrageous!" Regina couldn't hold back any longer. She glared with bloodshot eyes and raised her arm to slap Roza's face.
Roza's pupils contracted, and she clenched her fists tightly.
Suddenly, she sensed something flying toward them, cutting through the air with a fierce wind.
Smack-!
"Ah! It hurts so much!" Regina screamed in agony, sweat breaking out on her forehead as she clutched her swollen wrist. Immediately after, the shattering sound of a teacup breaking filled the air-it was the cup that had knocked her hand away. "Mom! Are you okay?!" Wendy gasped, her face turning pale with fright.
Regina's hand trembled with pain. "Who did that?!"
"I did." A clear and resonant voice rang out.
Roza suddenly looked up, her heart skipping a beat as tears welled up in her eyes.
Axel approached her without hesitation, his gaze intense as he looked into her pitifully red eyes.
There was no disdain, only deep concern and heartache.
Wendy's face twitched with jealousy
as she watched the handsome man and her sister lock eyes deeply. Weren't they supposed to be strangers? But the way this man looked at that little brat, why was it so tender and affectionate? 
"You... You hit me? Why did you hit me?!" Regina's voice quivered with rage. Although she was angry, she felt more fear in the presence of this imposing man. én.swnovels.net
"Then why did you hit her?" Axel glared coldly at Regina's flushed face, his words sharp as a knife. "Is it because you look like an old monster after all the plastic O surgeries and botox?" 
###chapter1700
Initially, Roza, who was standing behind Axel, felt really upset. However, upon hearing his words, a smile nearly formed on her lips, and she almost burst into laughter. Axel had a way with words. In the courtroom, he would ruthlessly expose the defendants' vulnerabilities, and in his daily life, he would bluntly call out people's sensitive spots.
"You... What nonsense are you spouting! I haven't had any plastic surgery!" Regina quickly covered her face, which was tight and puffed up like an inflated doll, feeling embarrassed, angry, and guilty all at
once.
Axel shook his head and said, "It's not your fault that you're getting older, but using it to intimidate others isn't right."
Regina was absolutely fuming, feeling like she might get a stroke.
"You, who are you to Roza?!" Wendy supported her mother and couldn't help but question.
"Who am I to her?" Axel clicked his tongue against his cheek and then turned to look seriously at Roza. "Ms. Roza, she's asking me who I am to you."
Roza stared at him, her heart pounding wildly.
"If you don't answer, then I'll assume the role of your boyfriend," Axel said, his eyes twinkling with a deeply intoxicating tenderness.
"What?!" Both Regina and Wendy were so shocked, their jaws almost dropped. 'A man so refined, handsome, and distinguished is actually dating this wretched girl?!'
Roza's delicate face immediately turned red. She shyly averted her gaze, not daring to look at him again.
Axel's eyes darkened slightly. Without hesitation, he stepped forward, took her slightly cool hand, and then interlaced their fingers tightly.
"Earlier, I watched as you bullied my darling Roza. I didn't intervene because I wanted to see how despicable and shameless you could be and to what extent human nature could be corrupted. Well, you didn't disappoint me. It was a real spectacle, like a bunch of demons dancing wildly. It was truly eye-opening." Axel's dark eyes narrowed slightly, exuding a bone-chilling coldness.
'Darling... Roza?' Roza blinked her moist eyes, feeling a warm sensation in her heart.
Regina gritted her teeth. "This is a family matter for the Walker family. It's none of your business, right?"
"Roza is my woman. You tell me if it has anything to do with me," Axel said, his jaw tensing and his sharp gaze so intense that no one dared to meet it.
"Did my mother say anything
wrong?" Wendy started yelling again, continuing to slander Roza. "She's just the illegitimate daughter of the Walker family. Her mother seduced my father and got pregnant with her. When she couldn't force him into marriage, she secretly gave birth to this little tramp. Her mother later fell on hard times and brought her here to seek refuge in our family. We treated them with the utmost kindness and generosity, but now that Roza has some skills, she turns into a heartless ingrate who won't even make clothes for me!"
Wendy added, "She owes everything she has today to the Walker family! If my father hadn't taken them in, who knows in which ditch she and her mother would have died?" Roza's eyes turned red, and her breath became heavy.
At this moment, Axel sneered, "So what does any of this have to do with my darling Roza?"
Wendy was stunned into silence!
"She had no choice about whether she wanted to come into this world. She couldn't choose her parents or her background. But I believe that f she had even the slightest choice, she wouldn't want to have anything to do with the likes of your family," Axel said, his gaze deeply fixed on Roza. 
His gaze was clearly conveying to her. 'You don't need to say anything. I understand it all.'
"If the Walker family wants to retain a shred of dignity, you'd better leave immediately. Otherwise, I'll make sure you lose every bit of it."
Regina had sensed from the
moment this man appeared that he
was no ordinary person. Unable to
argue further at this moment, she
could only grab Wendy's arm and hastily leave the villa.
Back in the car, Wendy continued to vent her frustration. "Mom! That man injured you. If he doesn't apologize, shouldn't he at least compensate you for medical expenses?!"
###chapter1701
Wendy said, "We ran off just like that. It's so humiliating and frustrating!"
"What do you know? Staying there any longer would have been truly disgraceful!" Regina endured the intense pain in her wrist as she took out her phone and pulled up a photo of Asher, the CEO of KS Group.
Wendy leaned over. The moment she saw the photo, she exclaimed, "That's the man from earlier! KS Group... He's the CEO of KS Group?!"
Seeing the photo, Regina also felt a rush of dizziness and broke out in a cold sweat. From the first moment she saw that man, she thought he looked familiar but couldn't remember where.
It wasn't until she stepped out the door that she was struck by the realization. The recent scandal involving a gay couple caused an uproar-one of them had this exact face!
"It can't be. The CEO of the KS Group is gay, and this man is Roza's boyfriend. How can they be the same person? They just look a bit alike."
"You're right. There's no way that little tramp could be so lucky to date the young master of the Thompson family."
Wendy was scared and trembling. She tried to comfort herself and muttered under her breath. "But... They look so much alike. Even people would believe they're brothers."
Back in her office, Roza clutched her chest while her other hand frantically rummaged through a drawer for her heart medication. She poured some out and swallowed them. Axel followed closely behind. Seeing her take the medication and still looking unwell, he felt a deep, twisting pain in his heart.
Roza stood with her back to him, her usually proud posture slightly hunched, and the hand on her chest slowly clenched into a fist. "You saw everything."
Axel pressed his lips together, his eyes dark and serious.
"This is my humble, lowly background. No matter how glamorous my title as a designer may be, it can never erase the past. You must be so disappointed. Now that they're gone, you don't have to pretend anymore." 
Before she could finish her sentence, she felt a warm and powerful force embracing her from behind.
He had approached without her noticing, his eyes filled with intense, almost fierce, affection as he pulled her into his arms.
At first, she struggled lightly. But soon she realized that her body desperately longed for this embrace.
"Who said it was an act?"
Axel's warm lips brushed close to her ear, his voice hoarse with emotion. "I've never been more serious about anything in my life."
Roza felt a shiver run through her body. Her breathing quickened, and her head grew dizzy. She nearly melted into his arms. "I don't believe you. You're lying to me. Weren't you just laughing at me earlier?" 
Axel's eyes reddened as he softly coaxed her, "Don't misunderstand me. I can explain everything."
"I don't want to hear it."
"It's not that I didn't want to
1.n
intervene. From the moment I heard that foul-mouthed girl insulting you, I wanted to slap her." Axel pressed his chin into the crook of her neck, feeling a bittersweet ache that be couldn't describe. "But I really wanted to understand you more. You never talk about your family or your life. Every time I try to get close to you, you push me away." 
He continued, "I know what I did was sneaky, but I... I could only use this method to get to know you. I want to truly know you."
###chapter1702
As Axel spoke, his strong, slender arms wrapped tightly around Roza's waist, tightening as if he were afraid she might escape again.
Roza felt a tingling warmth spreading through her body. Her voice was soft and playful, sounding both like a complaint and a tease. "So you realize that you act like a thief, huh? At least you have some self- awareness."
"My darling Roza," Axel called her again, almost addicted to the name, causing her pale face to blush faintly. "Actually, you are also a thief... A thief who stole my heart." Roza was speechless.
She recalled her mentor mentioning her family sometimes. The mentor had said she had another brother who, despite being exceptionally good-looking, engaged in highly improper behaviors that made people feel uncomfortable.
Now it seemed Bella wasn't lying at all.
Seeing her silence, Axel grew anxious and turned her around to face him.
"Are you still mad at me?"
"Axel Thompson."
Roza suddenly called him by his full name, making him even more anxious. "I am the illegitimate daughter of the Walker family. My status is not respectable, and the Walker family constantly causes me trouble never giving me peace. Someone like me is not worthy of you. Being with me means a future filled with endless turmoil."
As she spoke, her heart ached again, as if she were cutting away a piece of her own flesh. "You deserve someone better."
"Maybe, for various reasons, out of pity, you feel protective of me. But once that initial impulse fades, you'll understand. Love is a fleeting thing that only adds to countless unnecessary troubles. Someone with your background-even if you don't seek a high-status match-should find a girl from a respectable family with a clean background. My life is full of stains. What you saw today is just the tip of the iceberg."
As a top fashion designer, Roza used her immaculate, aloof persona and dazzling creations to mask her deep-seated bitterness and insecurity. She had no sense of security, always feeling like she was living like a rootless floating plant. Although she bore the Walker name, she could never openly tell others that she was part of the Walker family.
It wasn't that she couldn't see Axel's goodness or feel his sincere love for her.
But the deep-seated feeling of unworthiness tore at her heart day and night, forcing her to face reality. If one day Axel realized he no longer liked her, or if their love faced universal opposition, she would rather not start at all.
"I've known about your background for a long time."
Seeing her try to escape, Axel's eyes reddened, but he couldn't hold back his words. "But so what? I still like you. I still look forward to seeing you."
Roza was taken aback, unable to hold back her emotions. "You investigated me?! Axel, is your prosecutor's instinct turning on me now?"
"I just wanted to understand you!"
Axel, desperate and agitated,
grabbed her shoulders firmly, the veins in his hands bulging. "Roza, do you think went through all this trouble for fun? I did it to get closer to you, to reach your heart, and to be with you! I know what you're worried about, but it will never happen. You're Bella's best friend, and she has repeatedly insisted in front of me that you should be her sister-in-law. 
"As for my family and my father, you have nothing to fear. If they're not open-minded, then no one in this world is. My dad accepted that my eldest brother is gay, and he even accepted Justin, who once hurt Bella. How could he not accept you? Why wouldn't he?"
Roza felt a mixture of bitterness and
frustration, shaking her head in resistance as she closed her eyes. She pressed her hands against his heaving chest, trying to push him away Dr. Larson is the second son of the Larson Group, and Justin is the president of the Salvador Corporation, both exceptional men. What am I compared to them? How can I measure up? It's different.
Don't waste your time on me..."
'This stubborn woman! Is she trying to drive me crazy?!' Axel panted heavily, his handsome face gradually turning red with frustration.
Roza lowered her gaze, forcing
herself to turn away with a heavy
heart. "My assistant told me you're here to pick up clothes. Bella
couldn't come, so she sent your net
pick up Dr. Larson's tailored suit, right? The suit is packed, an@my assistant will give it to you. You should go. I'm very tired and want to rest." 
"It's not just that. There's one more thing."
Axel's cold voice came from behind her. "My badge is still with you, isn't it? I have to attend a meeting at the office later, and everyone needs to wear their badges. Give it back to me."
###chapter1703
Roza froze. Her heart felt as if it had been pierced by a sharp icicle.
"Alright."
She responded softly, her trembling hand reaching into her coat pocket. Slowly, she pulled out a badge that she had kept close to her heart, clutching it tightly in her palm. Then, she turned around.
At this moment, Axel was looking at her intently, extending his hand toward her.
Roza pressed her pale lips together and placed the badge in his palm. Just as she was about to withdraw her hand, his strong hand suddenly wrapped around hers and pulled her forcefully.
Caught off guard, Roza was pulled into his embrace. Without giving her a chance to react, Axel held her by the waist and sealed her lips with a passionate, intense kiss. The kiss deepened, becoming more demanding. His possessiveness overwhelmed her as he explored her lips and tongue.
Roza's mind became hazy, her nerve endings tingling as if electrified. She began to embrace him passionately, responding to him.
After a long kiss, Axel reluctantly pulled away from her lips, gently holding her chin with his fingertips, a slight smile playing on his lips. "Earlier, your face went pale. Were you scared that I would really leave and take it back?"
"No, you're so full of yourself..." Roza's eyes welled up with tears, and her voice choked with emotion.
"That stubbornness-did you learn it from your master?" Axel sighed, both indulgent and helpless, pulling her into his arms again. "What's the use of having everything else? I don't care. I only like you. You're the best thing in the world to me."
In that moment, all hesitation and doubt shattered one by one under the man's unwavering decision.
"My darling Roza, please be my girlfriend."
Axel's eyes shimmered with a sincere light like twinkling stars. "From now on, let me love you, cherish you, and take care of you. Whatever you've lost before, whatever you haven't received, let me slowly find it back for you. Please, give me this chance."
He wasn't good at fancy words, and these few sentences were the best he could muster after racking his brain.
In the end, Roza couldn't hold back her emotions any longer. Tears streamed down her face as she nodded gently.
In that instant, Axel felt as if the whole world had burst into color, with fireworks exploding in his heart.
He gently cupped her neck again and kissed her deeply, their embrace tender and passionate.
NOW PLAY YOUR FAVOURITE GAMES ON
*
Bella was busy with her eldest brother's handover, so she couldn't go to Savrow for the appointment with Roza. Instead, she sent her second brother to retrieve the clothes.
Picking up the clothes was secondary. The main goal was to create an opportunity for him to meet Roza. Even if both parties were interested in each other, without a meeting, how could sparks of love possibly ignite?
Bella was busy all day-reviewing
project proposals, studying the
executive profiles of the group, assessing the current financial. situation... Although Justin was there to help her organize, she still felt dizzy, tired, and sore. 
"Phew... I'm so exhausted."
The petite woman leaned softly into the man's embrace, resembling a beautiful but tired robot. "How can there be so much to do? Did my eldest brother live such a busy life before?"
"Are you regretting it even before
?
taking up the new position?" Justin chuckled softly, reaching up to massage her sore temples. "As someone who's been through it, have to warn you, this is just the beginning. When you officially take over, countless tasks will await you. You'll be even more stressed then." 
"Regret? Hmph, those words don't exist in Bella Thompson's life dictionary."
Bella lifted her little face, pouting.
"Just watch. Not only will I do it, but I'll do it well: Just like when I took over the KS World Hotel. I said would surpass the Salvador Hotel, and did. Look, didn't I do well? Impressive results, right?" 
Justin adored her proud and playful demeanor, kissing her forehead. "Looking back, your spirit is unmatched. My Bella is exceptionally talented, exuding queenly grace."
He added, "Or perhaps I should give the Salvador Hotel to you. You would surely bring new vitality to it."
"Um, let's forget about that. I know you have a strained relationship with your father, but let's not go too far."
###chapter1704
Bella quickly waved the notion away. "If you really gave it to me, this filial gesture of yours would kill Chairman Salvador. I don't want to be responsible for that."
Justin rubbed her hair with his large hand, feeling both amused and exasperated.
"Why hasn't Ax shown up yet? He must have seen Roza, right? Could they be caught in a passionate embrace, doing what adults love to do?" The more Bella thought about it, the more excited she became, wriggling in the man's arms.
However, Justin took her improper thoughts seriously. "In broad daylight? I doubt it. Besides, this is his first time in a relationship. He probably is not that bold, right?"
"My second brother is super brave. The prosecutor's robe just confines his wild soul."
Bella flipped over and pressed down on Justin. Her fingertips played with his neck. "And so what if it is broad daylight? When you get aroused, it is already good enough if you can differentiate places. Do you even bother if it's day and night?"
Justin swallowed his saliva, his eyes turning passionate. To him, who was always in a state of passionate love, her words were a clear, suggestive hint. His restless hand had already silently grasped Bella's thigh, slowly moving upward.
Suddenly, Bella's phone rang, breaking the increasingly heated atmosphere.
She hugged the man's neck and answered, "Ax, finally! Have you seen Roza?"
"Bella, come out. We are at the door."
When the young couple walked out of Yara Park hand in hand, they were both stunned.
Under the brilliant golden sunset, Axel was holding Roza's waist. The two were passionately kissing, oblivious to their surroundings.
"Wow, wow, wow!!" Bella screamed excitedly.
Her shout broke the sweet atmosphere. Roza hurriedly pushed Axel away, her face turning as red as fire.
Justin squeezed Bella's trembling hand. "Calm down a bit. You scared Ms. Walker."
"I cannot calm down! I have a sister-in-law now!" Bella was ecstatic, happily punching Justin's chest with her fists.
Axel was not embarrassed at all. He openly held Roza's hand and walked over to them.
NOW PLAY YOUR FAVOURITE GAMES ON
"Bella, let me reintroduce you." He turned his face, looking tenderly at his beloved. "This is your sister-in-law."
"Wait... No, I am not!" Roza stammered weakly, her face growing even redder.
"Hello, Second Sister-in-law." Bella grinned widely.
"Hello, Second Sister-in-law." Reading the room, Justin immediately followed suit. "Congratulations, Ax. Bella and I are looking forward to your wedding banquet." 
"Hehe... You sly guy." Axel pointed at him with a smile of approval.
At this moment, Axel looked at his brother-in-law, growing increasingly fond of him.
"Master, all of you... Stop teasing me," Roza said shyly, unable to lift her head.
"Roza, I told you that you would be my sister-in-law sooner or later. It's inevitable."
Bella clapped her hands joyfully. "Oh
my, Ash has found his match, and now Ax has too. I want to tell Wyatt about this tonight. Knowing this will make him happy and help with his condition." 
Axel firmly held Roza's hand and spoke seriously, "I will personally tell Dad. It is more sincere that way, and it shows respect for Roza."
Roza's eyes reddened, and she suddenly felt the urge to cry again.
Most people admired her talent, but she knew her eccentric personality did not garner high praise from the outside world. No one truly respected her. Besides Bella, Axel was the second person to show her love and respect.
It turned out she could be loved like this. She never knew that being loved and cherished felt so blissful.
"Since you are here, let's go. Ax, bring Roza around the house!" Bella eagerly wanted to lead Roza inside.
"Bella, not today." Axel knew he had
just entered Roza's heart. He should be cautious and progress slowa
If
they moved too fast, it would put too much pressure on her.
"Roza and I came to find you because she has something important to tell you in person."
###chapter1705
It was just in time for dinner, and neither couple had eaten yet. To celebrate Axel and Roza becoming a couple, they decided to dine at the best local restaurant in Hatchbay.
On the way, Justin drove while Bella sat in the passenger seat, leaving plenty of space in the back for the new couple to get cozy. They had just started dating, so it was understandable. Neither dared to look in the rearview mirror. All they could hear were occasional slaps.
"Ow... Roza, can you be a bit gentler? You are too rough with your husband," Axel complained, rubbing the back of his hand, his voice completely disregarding the presence of others. He was flaunting his affection without a doubt!
"Who told you to keep touching me? You are never well-behaved."
Roza's waist was tightly held by Axel's large hand. Her face was red as she nestled against his chest, exuding an irresistible temptation for Axel. "And besides, you are my boyfriend, not my husband..." "Does it make a difference? Do you think your future husband could be someone else?" Axel's hot breath sprayed on her flushed earlobe as he pinched her soft waist.
"It depends on your performance. If you don't do well, it could be someone else." Roza lifted her beautiful chin slightly, letting out a light snort.
"Roza, you wouldn't dare." Axel lowered his head and kissed her deeply, prying open her lips, his tongue invading her mouth.
Flustered and embarrassed, Roza initially wanted to push him away, but Axel's kiss was so passionate. His long, dark eyelashes lowered when he looked at her, making her heart flutter. Her slender fingers trembled as they entwined with his tie.
As she gently pulled, their kiss deepened, becoming more fervent.
"You are not allowed to consider anyone else. Your future can only be with me." Axel panted softly in her ear.
Even knowing it was a joke, he could not tolerate it. The possessiveness in his eyes burned like a flame.
Heaven knows, he had spent his days and nights watching Justin and Bella being intimate, seeing Asher and Arnold exchanging glances, feeling envious and tormented.
He often dreamed of Roza's face, and when his feelings were intense, his sweet dreams turned into erotic ones.
C
1
NOW PLAY YOUR
FAVOURITE GAMES ON
Now, he finally had her heart and
tasted the sweetness of love. Heet
was determined to have her. addicted to her, not wanting to
apart from her for a single
a
en.swhovels.net
While the new couple were passionately kissing, the couple in front suffered. They did not dare turn their heads, speak, or even breathe.
It was not until they reached the restaurant's underground parking lot and got out of the car that Justin wiped the sweat from his forehead and exhaled deeply. "Sweating all over, huh?"
Bella chuckled, pulling a tissue from
her purse to gently wipe his face
"Hehe. I told you. Ax is outwardne
serious but inwardly wild. Righteous by day, a beast in heat by night." en.swhovels.net
"Bella, it is obvious you two are siblings. Only someone close would dare say that."
Justin grasped her soft hand,
pressing it against his chest. "But I completely understand Ax's feelings.
When you decided to accept mene
again was overjoyed,
uncontrollable, and wanted yerine
with you every day and night..."
"Shh-stop."
Bella stood on tiptoe, giving him a brief kiss on his thin lips. "I know what you are going to say. You just finished eating, and now you want to eat again?" "Fine, I will save it for later."
Justin narrowed his dark eyes and kissed her back. "When we get home, we will eat again."
In the private dining room, the table was filled with delicious dishes.
Being a natural foodie, Axel was in his element. With no outsiders around, he ate with such focus and enjoyment.
Sitting beside him, Roza could not stop laughing. She kept placing food on his plate, taking care of him as if he were a child.
###chapter1706
"Ax, Roza has hardly touched her food because she is too busy serving you. Do you treat your wife this 'well'?”
Bella ate the shrimp Justin had peeled for her, her beautiful eyes wide open. "I am warning you; if you do not treat Roza well, I will introduce her to Drew, Declan, and Ralph! Let us see if you can still eat after that."
Axel choked in fear, almost dropping his bowl.
Roza blushed, quickly patting his back and handing him her water cup. "Master, please don't joke about me."
"Roza... Cough, cough, I'm sorry." Axel hurriedly piled meat onto Roza's plate, his face turning red on the verge of tears. "It is my first time being in a relationship. Please don't be angry at me for not taking good care of you. Give me some time... I will learn, no, I will learn quickly!"
Roza shyly pressed her lips together, and her delicate fingers, skilled in sewing countless garments, lightly poked his chest. "There's no rush. We have a long life ahead of us."
Bella and Justin exchanged smiles.
Despite their diverse talents and personalities, the Thompson siblings had one thing in common. They were all hopeless romantics.
After dinner, they got down to business.
Roza said seriously, "Master, guess who visited my studio today?"
"Who?"
"James Iverson's wife, Coral."
The young couple was equally surprised and spoke in unison, "What did she want?"
Q
"She came to order an evening gown
for a banquet Roza frowned, still shaken. "That is not the surprising part. You cannot imagine her exaggerated reaction. Because I told her she needed an appointment and I could not provide ready-made clothes, she cried and knelt down, just to get me to make a dress for her." 
Bella widened her eyes, as if hearing a fantastic tale.
NOW PLAY YOUR
FAVOURITE GAMES ON
Axel propped his hand under his chin, looking at his woman with admiration. "Roza, even the matron of the Iverson family bows before you. You are amazing. I love you so much."
Axel's comment completely derailed the serious topic. Roza wanted to roll her eyes but held back. The formidable prosecutor in court seemed to have no relation to his true self at home.
"Hmph, the Iverson family's reputation is worth nothing," Justin said with a cold, disdainful tone. "No wonder James rarely appears in public with his wife. What man would cherish a woman who degrades herself over a dress?"
Bella shook her head, her eyes
darkening. "Things are not as simple
as they seem. Coral may not be
from a prestigious family, but she is well-educated and comes from a high-ranking official's family. Normally, she would take great care to maintain her dignity. She would not humble herself like this over a dress. Could it be that someone is threatening her or forcing her?" 
"Master, you always hit the nail on the head." Roza took a deep breath to calm herself, but when she looked up again, her eyes were still filled with angry red veins. "Coral fainted while trying on the dress in the fitting room. I went in to check and found her covered in injuries. There were bruises from beatings, cigarette burns, and whip marks. Some were fresh, just starting to scab over." 
The room fell into a shocked silence.
Suddenly, there was a loud bang.
Bella's eyes were blazing as she slammed the table. She even startled Justin, who was used to her temper. He was nervous.
"James... That monster! That despicable animal deserves to die!"
Bella was never one to tolerate injustice and found domestic violence utterly unforgivable.
###chapter1707
Hearing this, Axel put away his usual playful demeanor. His expression became increasingly serious.
"Bella, don't get too worked up. It's not good for your health," Justin said, his brows furrowing slightly as he held Bella's trembling hand. "Especially after a meal. You know how your stomach reacts when you're upset."
Bella reluctantly sat back down, still seething with anger. Justin immediately pulled her into his arms, kissing her on the forehead to calm her. Despite his efforts, she was still shaking with rage.
"Indeed, it was James' doing. At that time, I asked Coral why she didn't resist. I even reminded her that we live in a society governed by law now. With enough evidence, she could sue for divorce and make James pay for what he's done.
"But she's utterly terrified of him. It's as if he has some deadly leverage over her. Even if he were to kill her one day, she has no intention of changing her tragic situation. She left in a panic before I could finish speaking." Roza's voice trembled as she spoke, her breathing unsteady.
Axel's probing gaze fell on Roza's gradually pale face, and he couldn't help but feel more suffocated. He keenly sensed that Roza's emotional turmoil while recounting the incident wasn't just from a third- person perspective but seemed to resonate deeply with her own experiences. She still had many secrets she was hiding from him.
"In two weeks, the Iverson family is hosting a grand banquet at their estate. They've sent invitations to high-ranking officials, business tycoons, and prominent figures in Savrow." Justin's eyes flashed with a cold glint. "On our way here, lan messaged me, saying that even Gregory received one."
"Huh? Even the Salvador family got one, but I didn't? Is the Thompson family so insignificant?" Bella pouted, her teeth grinding in frustration.
Justin's large hand firmly grasped her round shoulder, his voice husky. "Maybe Christopher plans to deliver it to you personally in Hatchbay."
Under the table, Axel held Roza's hand and whispered, "This is making my teeth ache from jealousy."
Bella's eyes narrowed dangerously. "If he dares deliver it, I'll crumple it up and stuff it in his mouth. I'll tell him to get as far away from me as possible." Justin chuckled softly, unable to resist kissing her lips again.
"Now I understand. Coral degrading herself to get a dress from Roza was probably under James' strict orders. For the Iverson family's
banquet, everyone will definitely net
dress to impress. Being competitive and ruthless, James would want his wife to outshine everyone. If she fails, she'll likely face another beating." Bella shook her head,
deeply worried for the poor woman.
NOW PLAY YOUR
FAVOURITE GAMES ON
Recalling his earlier harsh judgment of Coral, Justin pressed his thin lips into a tight line, feeling a surge of guilt.
"Master, I was thinking, could you and Justin find a way to bring Coral into your camp? If she stands up and accuses James of domestic violence, wouldn't that give you a better chance of taking him down?" Roza asked anxiously.
Bella sighed heavily. "Oh, my dear
Roza, you think too simply. The Iverson family is one of the four great families, capable of rivaling the Salvador family in Savrow. We've been fighting them for so long. Two of the Iverson family's children have fallen and the Terranova's project has suffered severe setbacks, but it hasn't truly shaken the Iverson family's foundation. Compared to the Iverson family, Coral's family is insignificant. The most powerful elder in her family has retired. What leverage does she have against James? Even if she's willing to risk everything, what about her family? Angering the Iverson family could easily lead to their downfall."
Roza fell silent, realizing her naivety.
"Bella, Roza has a point," Justin said thoughtfully. "As James' wife, Coral knows his most brutal and ruthless side and probably many of his secrets. If she could help us, combined with the evidence provided by Drew, taking James down would be much easier."
Bella frowned deeply. "But why would Coral help us? She endured all this abuse, indicating she prioritizes her family's interests."
"Everything comes down to her having weaknesses and concerns." Justin's lips curled into a slight smile. "We need to eliminate her worries."
Bella suddenly understood, "You mean... Support her family?!"
Axel and Roza said in unison, "Absolutely!"
"In the coming days, I'll have people keep a close watch on Coral and have lan gather detailed information on Coral's family members. We need to find a critical entry point to break down Coral's psychological
avere
defenses," Justin said with calm determination. His strategic foresight provided great
encouragement to everyone.
Bella intertwined her slender fingers with his large hand, her eyes shining with admiration. "James would never imagine that his downfall is right beside him!"
###chapter1708
Meanwhile, Carrie, who had not been seen for a long time, finally joined Savrow Academy of Fine Arts thanks to Ryan's efforts and money.
One week had passed since her admission. Despite sitting quietly in the last row and hiding behind a large drawing board, her beautiful appearance still attracted the boys' attention every time she attended class.
Full of youthful energy, these young men were so distracted by her that they could hardly concentrate on their lessons. They were craning their necks so much that they might develop spinal problems by the end of the class.
However, Carrie was entirely focused on the lecture, her hands constantly moving as she sketched, completely unaware that she had entered a wolf's den. She cherished this opportunity to learn to paint that Ryan had secured for her. She wanted to absorb all the knowledge the teacher imparted and would not let herself be distracted for even a second.
After the morning classes, Carrie was busy organizing her art supplies. A group of boys nudged a relatively good-looking boy in Carrie's direction. Mustering up his courage, the boy scratched his head and walked toward the last row.
"Young Madam, I apologize for the delay. I received a call and couldn't come earlier." Yasmin arrived at Carrie's side like a gust of cold wind, efficiently picking up her art supplies and wrapping an arm around her soft waist.
Then, Yasmin lifted her cold, sharp gaze and scanned the boys. Her mere look was enough to scare them into silence. What a beautiful woman, but with a murderous aura!
"What are you guys trying to do? Harass my boss's wife?" Yasmin's words were sharp, and her tone was icy.
'Wife?!' The boys were stunned and thought to themselves. 'What a pity! Who's the lucky guy?'
"Our Young Madam is married. If you keep staring, I'll report you for harassment." Yasmin initially wanted to say, "I'll gouge your eyes out," but considering they were Carrie's classmates, she decided against being too violent.
As Carrie walked out of the classroom, her moon-like face blushed, and she shyly lowered her head.
G
NOW PLAY YOUR FAVOURITE GAMES ON
"Young Madam, I had some
important matters to handle at the company today, so I was delayed. In
the future, I wait for you by the back door during your classes," Yasmin said, recalling the boysz earlier, feeling uneasy. No wonder Ryan wanted to keep her hidden. Leaving such a pretty wife in a
crowd was like throwing a lamb into
a den of wolves. It was indeed
worrying. 
"Yasmin, Ryan and I haven't gotten married yet..." Carrie fluttered her long eyelashes. She felt sweet inside but was also a bit embarrassed when Yasmin addressed her as Ryan's wife in front of her classmates.
"It's just a matter of a marriage certificate. Even if you're not married, Mr. Hoffman's heart and soul are yours, forever and always." Yasmin gently stroked her head,
smiling warmly. "Mr. Hoffman is net
already privately planning the engagement. He's preparing to fly to Inalia next month for a royal auction. There's a rare royal diamond up for bid, said to have been worn by their queen. Mr. Hoffman intends to get it for you as an engagement ring, no
matter the cost." 
"I don't need Ryan to spend so much. It's enough that he has me in his heart," Carrie said, gently tugging at Yasmin's clothes and shaking her head slightly.
"Mr. Hoffman wishes he could pluck
the stars from the sky for you.
You're worth it. Besides, you don't need to save money for him. He has nothing but you and money.
Spending money is his greatest
pleasure, so let him enjoy it Yasmin chuckled. 
Just then, she received a message from Ryan and sighed quietly after reading it.
"Is Ryan not coming home for dinner tonight?" Carrie asked, sensitive to Yasmin's mood change.
"Sorry, Madam. He has a board meeting and is quite busy..."
"It's okay. I understand. CEOs are always busy," Carrie said, hugging the small bear in her arms tighter. She cleared the disappointment from her clear eyes and smiled understandingly.
"I'll wait for him to come home. My second brother used to be very busy too, rarely coming home. My sister-in-law would stay up, waiting for him. No matter how late he came back, she would always take good care of him, never feeling tired."
###chapter1709
"In the future, I will also work hard to take care of Ryan and be as good as my sister-in-law." Upon hearing these words, Yasmin felt a twinge of bitterness in her heart but was also relieved. She was grateful that the journey of Ryan and Carrie was much smoother compared to that of Justin and Bella. If Carrie followed Ryan, she would not suffer such hardships in her lifetime. Fortunately, Bella also saw the light, and Justin understood his own heart. In the end, the two reconciled and were united.
"Yasmin, tonight Ryan won't be coming home for dinner either, and I don't feel like going home myself."
Carrie blinked her round, bright eyes and grabbed Yasmin's hand. "I want to spend two more hours practicing in the studio. After that, let's go out to eat tonight, okay?"
"What did you say?!" Yasmin was completely stunned. Carrie had autism and a severe social phobia. Even after such a long time, she has never eaten out with Ryan. Even if Ryan booked a high-end restaurant, she still hesitated, finding various excuses to stay home for dinner.
After integrating into society, Carrie's mindset has obviously changed. She talked and smiled more every day, and she was no longer so submissive. Yasmin looked at her, excited and with tears in her eyes. "Um... I heard some classmates in the front row talking about a new restaurant nearby, saying it's super delicious. Shall we go try it?"
Carrie's eyes were full of hopeful light. "Yasmin, you've been attending classes with me all week, and you still have to prepare dinner for me in the evening. It's too exhausting. Let's take a break tonight. I have money, so let's go out to eat."
Yasmin struggled to contain her emotions and nodded tearfully. "Okay, thank you, Young Madam."
As all the classes of the day ended, the studio was empty. Carrie picked up a pencil and tied her black hair, which was hanging like a waterfall, into a loose bun. She held a paintbrush and painted seriously. Yasmin couldn't help but take a picture of her graceful back and send it to Ryan.
Ryan immediately replied to the message, and even across the screen, she could feel the resentment.
[Ryan: Why hasn't the class ended yet? Does the school want to exhaust my wife? Don't they want the money to rebuild the library?]
[Yasmin: Mr. Hoffman, class is over. Young Madam just wants to stay and practice for a while.]
[Ryan: Sigh, okay. Take care of her and don't let her work too hard. I'll feel sorry for her.]
[Yasmin: Mr. Hoffman, Madam said she wants to invite me to a restaurant tonight.]
This message was sent out, and there was no movement from Ryan for more than ten seconds.
С
Suddenly, Yasmin's phone buzzed wildly!
Ryan went crazy with angry emojis and then sent a single word.
[Ryan: DAMN!]
Yasmin was speechless at his response.
[Ryan: Yasmin, I am very, VERY jealous of you now! Wait for me!]
Yasmin couldn't help but laugh. Ryan
of
belongs to en.swnoveteamet
geas always jealous, regardless
or species.
[Ryan: Take care of her and let her eat more. Eat my portion too.]
[Yasmin: Please rest assured, I will take good care of Madam. Please finish your work and go home quickly, so that Madam won't wait too long.] 
[Ryan: Okay.]
It was just one word, but it felt extremely bitter.
Was it really difficult to balance one's career and family?
At this time, another call came in. It was from the head of the academic affairs office, asking her to come over and get some information and sign an application form. 
Yasmin went out and did not come back for about ten minutes.
Carrie was completely immersed in artistic creation, not even knowing when Yasmin left.
Suddenly there was a piercing and terrifying scream from outside the window.
"Ah!"
NOW PLAY YOUR
FAVOURITE GAMES ON
###chapter1710
Carrie was startled, and the paintbrush in her hand fell to the ground with a sudden thud. The next moment, she watched in wide-eyed horror as a person flew past outside the window. Immediately after, there was a loud crash.
Carrie abruptly stood up from her chair. Her body was stiff as a puppet. She walked step by step to the window and looked down at the scene below. At first glance, her mind went blank in terror. She covered her mouth in shock and staggered back, her legs limp.
It was a sight too horrifying to behold. A girl had fallen to her death, and her limbs were twisted gruesomely. Meanwhile, chaos erupted downstairs and filled the corridor with endless screams.
Carrie's heart pounded like a drum. Without time to process anything, she grabbed her teddy bear from the table and dashed out of the classroom.
"Yasmin... Yasmin, where are you?!"
Calling out for Yasmin, Carrie ran through the empty corridor, her mind filled with the horrifying image of the girl's tragic death.
Not knowing where she was headed, she heard the frantic footsteps behind her and the desperate cries for help.
"Help! Murder... Help!"
Murder?! Carrie turned in shock, only to see two male students covered in blood rushing in her direction for their lives. Chasing after them was a disheveled middle-aged man, wielding a machete and covered in bloodstains!
Carrie had never encountered such a scene before. She clutched the teddy bear tightly, unable to move.
"You beasts! I'll kill you!" The middle-aged man's face twisted with hateful rage. He raised the bloodied knife high and swung it toward the two boys.
Trembling, Carrie backed away. One of the boys suddenly grabbed her arm, seeing her as a shield. He then forcefully pushed her toward the knife-wielding assailant.
"Ahh!"
The teddy bear fell from Carrie's hand as she collided with the middle-aged man. Meanwhile, the two treacherous boys took the opportunity to escape.
The man intended to push Carrie aside and give chase, but urgent police sirens blared from outside the window.
"Help... Help! Ugh!"
In a panic, the man's strong arm grasped Carrie's shoulder from behind, and he held the knife menacingly against her fair neck.
"Don't make a sound! If you want to live, come with me!"
The students ran out in panic. Outside the building, onlookers gathered as police officers set up a cordon, pushing the crowd back, yet the scene remained chaotic. Some journalists even rushed over setting up cameras to grab the headlines. 
Vel.net
"What's the situation now?!" Ralph was dressed in plain clothes. He bent down to cross the police cordon and swiftly entered the building like an unstoppable force against the light. His eyes were sharp and cold. 
"Captain Ralph! The perpetrator is named Brian Wise, 52 years old. He's a production line worker at the Savrow Automobile Factory!" Two subordinates anxiously reported as they followed behind him. "Currently, a female student fell to her death, and a male student was stabbed five times and died on the way to the hospital. Two other male students were also injured, but fortunately managed to escape and have been taken to the hospital." 
Ralph's brows furrowed deeply. "Was the female student's fall a suicide?"
"We checked the surveillance footage at the scene. She did jump off, but Brian Wise forced her to!"
Ralph found it strange and asked in a deep voice, "Do these five students know each other?"
"We asked their teachers and supervisors. They were classmates and had a good relationship, often hanging out together on the seventh-floor terrace to smoke and have fun." Ralph squinted his sharp eyes. "So, the location of the incident was also the seventh-floor terrace?"
"Yes."
He immediately understood that Brian Wise was not a psychopath who killed indiscriminately.
↑
###chapter1711
It was a premeditated murder.
"This is bad, Captain Thompson."
Another subordinate darted over, breathless and drenched in sweat. "The perpetrator, Brian Wise, is holding a person hostage on the roof of the building.
"If we don't let him go, he'll jump off the building with the hostage."
The subordinate handed the phone to Ralph.
Ralph took the phone and stared anxiously at Brian yelling at the cops while holding a girl hostage in the video.
When he realized the pale-faced, teary-eyed girl was Carrie, his eyes bulged, his heart sank, and his blood ran cold.
He could not believe his eyes.
The ever-calm Ralph, even at a close encounter with armed drug traffickers, panicked and ran upstairs.
Yasmin, her eyes bloodshot, ran to Ralph with a teddy bear.
"Is the hostage Carrie? Is it Carrie?" She sobbed
Ralph nodded solemnly.
"I'll go with you." Yasmin was on the verge of a breakdown.
"I know you're anxious, but your presence will make matters worse. You don't know much about the perpetrator, and you are not well-versed in negotiations. If you anger him, he might just slit Carrie's throat." Ralph eased the strain in his tone and looked deep into Yasmin's tear-filled eyes. "Trust the cops. Trust me."
"Mr. Ralph, please save Carrie by all means."
Even though Ralph was a thorn in Ryan's side, Yasmin had to put all hope in him.
"Don't worry. I will risk my life to save Carrie. I'm a cop, and it is my duty."
Ralph sternly said, "Don't alarm Ryan yet. He's a firecracker. If he finds out, he'll barge here with backup and blow up the school. If you want Carrie to be safe, do as I say."
It took Ralph five minutes to get to the roof and read through the perpetrator's background.
He had to figure out the direction of
the negotiation, foresee possible scenarios, set up a plan to save the hostage, and presume the
worst-case scenario all in those five minutes. 
Since the beginning of his career, Ralph
saved many honet
from armed abductors and
those strapped to explosive devices.
As Carrie was in danger, Ralph's mind was all over the place for the first time before he opened the door to the roof.
Then came a voice on the headset.
"Captain Thompson, the sniper is in position."
Snapping out of his thoughts,
said in
tone, "Do not fire
without my order. The
y is the priority." Contel.ne?
He pushed the door open and walked steadfastly toward the perpetrator.
"Don't come any closer! One more step, and I'll slit her throat."
Out for blood, Brian put the knife closer to Carrie's neck.
The girl's fair skin was tainted with a bloody slit.
Several police officers, armed with guns, stood dozens of feet away. No one dares to go any closer.
Tears rolled down Carrie's cheek as she closed her eyes in despair.
Even as her life hung in the balance, the love of her life was the only thing she clung to.
"Ryan... I'm scared, Ryan."
"Easy there, Brian. You don't want to do that."
A familiar voice made Carrie's heart skip a beat, and she opened her tearful eyes.
"Ralph... Ralph!"
###chapter1712
Carrie's voice tugged at Ralph's heartstrings.
"Save me, Ralph."
Scared stiff, Carrie wailed silently. Her teardrops broke Ralph's heart.
He wanted to comfort her, but the assurance to the hostage would trigger the perpetrator, putting the hostage in further danger.
Ralph took one long, hard look at Carrie before shifting his gaze to the man with bloodshot eyes.
"Easy there, Brian. The girl is innocent. She doesn't know about you. She doesn't know the five students. She's just an innocent bystander.
"Take me as your hostage. I'll take her place. Just let her go."
Carrie watched tearfully as Ralph inched closer to the perpetrator cautiously. Guilt washed over her.
She blamed her foolishness.
She should have stayed in the classroom and waited for Yasmin. If she were not so clumsy, she could have escaped. But it was pointless to regret it now.
As Ralph drew close, Brian shouted angrily, "Don't come any closer, or I'll cut her throat and jump off the building with her. I know what you're planning. You want to replace the hostage and take me down. You're a cop, so I can't overpower you. I already killed two kids, and it's too late for me now. It makes no difference if I kill another."
Ralph carried a serious look, but his heart was jumping out of his chest. "I understand where you are coming from. I don't have a daughter, but if my sister is a victim of abuse, I won't put up with it. I'll avenge my family."
Brian's hand trembled, drawing a deeper cut into Carrie's neck.
"I know your daughter is a student here. The five students assaulted your daughter. They are bullies."
Carrie's teary eyes widened as her painful past flooded into her mind.
"You're an idiot! Why are you in school? Do you understand the words coming out of my mouth?"
"She shouldn't be in school like the rest of us. She should be in a mental institution."
"Stay away from her. She's a psycho. Maybe her insanity is infectious. Hahaha!"
The harsh taunting haunts Carrie to this day.
Carrie closed her eyes in agony, and her trembling legs gave out.
Sensing the change in Carrie, Ralph felt for her, and his voice came out raspy. "I really hope to help you. You've taken two lives, but you can stop yourself from making more mistakes. Your daughter is still in the emergency room. You should be with her right now. She needs you more than ever. This drastic revenge is pushing you further into oblivion. 
"When your daughter wakes up and learns that her father became a murderer because of her, she wouldn't just be haunted by the abuse, but she would also be
shouldering heavy guilt. Don't.net
that on her. She's been hurt enough. She has tried to take her life once. Are you trying to make her take her life again?” 
The police officers in the back looked at Ralph with respect.
Despite his age, Ralph handled the negotiations like a pro. He kept his words brief but concise.
Most importantly, his sincerity rang true.
He did not just want to save the hostage; he also put himself in the perspective of the perpetrator, getting through to him via empathy.
Sure enough, Brian started to budge.
"Don't lie to me. The police are full of hot air. You won't do anything for me."
Rage overcame him at the thought
of his injured and unconscious daughter. "My daughter and I have contacted the school and the police more than once to straighten out the students. But because they come from wealth and power, they walk out free. Why should I believe you now?" 
Ralph grew furious.
Savrow Art Academy was not in Ralph's jurisdiction. Ralph's team was put on the task when the case turned criminal.
I<--
↑
###chapter1713
The special privilege for the rich and powerful would never happen in Ralph's station.
"I understand your pain, sir."
Carrie opened her swollen eyes and spoke determinedly, a stark contrast to the panic she felt before. "I once went through what your daughter did too." Brian was taken aback. "What did you say?"
"Please believe me. I will help your daughter through this. I will avenge her." The fear gripped Carrie, leaving her breathless between words.
"You're just a weak little girl. What can you do?"
"I am the heiress of Salvador Corporation. You can ask anyone."
Carrie's face was covered in sweat. "My brother is Justin Salvador, the president of Salvador Corporation. His wife is Bella Thompson, the heiress of KS Group. They can help your daughter find justice." Ralph saw the fragile girl in a new light.
Other women would be scared stiff, but Carrie hung in there and tried to talk her way to safety.
"The heiress of the KS Group is your sister-in-law?"
Brian did not think the girl would lie to him. Since smartphones had become a necessity, Brian was quick to Google Carrie.
Carrie managed to persuade him.
Bella, the righteous and wealthy heiress, sought justice for ordinary girls like Linny and Rachel, even at the cost of making enemies out of the Salvadors and Iversons. Her heroic act was the talk of the town. If only Bella could help his poor daughter.
However, Bella was the daughter of the richest man in Hatchbay. Even if she was kind, she would not help every person in need.
She had no duty to him.
"Will Ms. Thompson help my daughter?"
"She will." Emotions washed over Carrie. Though she gradually
V.net
regained composure, her tears kept streaming down her face. "I was once a survivor of abuse too." 
Ralph could not believe his ears.
"But I chose to endure and flee. My bullies have not been punished. To help myself get over it, I hope to help your daughter. So, please, sir. Don't make more mistakes. If you die here, you won't be able to see justice served." 
Brian finally gave in to Carrie's persuasion.
He loosened his grip on the woman's arm and pulled the blade away from her neck.
"Ralph!"
Carrie ran to Ralph in tears.
"Don't be scared, Carrie." Ralph spread his arms apart to hold her.
Just then, the sniper on the roof of the opposite building adjusted the rifle scope, and the change in
sunlight bounced a penetrating light off the man's face. 
Feeling tricked, Brian blew up.
Brian raised his blade to slice Carrie, who was defenseless.
"Bastards! You teamed up to lie to me. Go to hell!"
↑
I<--
###chapter1714
Sensing the aggression behind her, Carrie tried to run, but it was too late.
Still, Ralph would not give the perpetrator a second chance to hurt Carrie.
He pulled out a gun from his back holster while hooking Carrie in his arms. At the pull of a trigger, he fired at Brian's right arm and left thigh.
Ralph acted swiftly.
It had better be a perfect crime.
Otherwise, Ralph would turn things around.
Brian whimpered in resentment and pain, his knees sinking to the ground.
The police swarmed toward him and cuffed his hand behind his hand. At last, the man who took drastic measures for his daughter was caught.
As Brian collapsed to the ground, the sniper had his view obstructed by the safety railing and stood down.
That was the reason why Ralph fired another shot into Brian's leg.
Terrified by the booming gunshots, Carrie covered her ears in Ralph's arms and curled up in shivers. With her breathing rugged, she broke out in a cold sweat. "Don't be scared. Everything is fine now."
Ralph did not take her away there and then. Instead, he sat on the cement platform and held Carrie tight. He patiently and tenderly consoled her. "Haven't you seen fireworks? That noise was fireworks I unleashed to congratulate you on your survival. Do you feel better now?"
Burying her tearful face in his clothes, Carrie sobbed.
Ralph sighed heart-wrenchingly and gripped her shoulders tighter.
"I thought I was going to die." It took a while before Carrie's muffled voice rang out.
"You won't. You're a smart and brave girl. You're better than me."
Carrie's earlier interaction with the perpetrator stirred Ralph's feelings. With a smile, he drew close to her face. "Besides, I won't let anything happen to you on my watch. I won't let down my uniform, Bella, or Justin."
Most importantly, Ralph did not want to let Carrie down.
However, Ralph kept that thought to himself.
"I wasn't trying to distract the man. I want to help him." Carrie's lips quivered.
"Carrie." Ralph turned somber. "You said you were a survivor of abuse. Is that true?"
Carrie's eyes widened as she shivered in the man's arms.
"No, I wasn't abused. I was just saying. I wasn't bullied."
Ralph had a lot of questions, but the emotional strain was more than Carrie could take. Hence, he said nothing.
He clenched his fists.
Ralph did not think Ryan did a good job of protecting Carrie.
Help for her autism was a separate matter. Carrie clearly experienced trauma, and Ryan did not seem to notice despite living with her. Ryan should just stick to what he did best, which was being a player.
To prevent a media frenzy, Ralph carried Carrie out of the school building with clothes over her head.
She was shielded from the media and brought into the ambulance right away.
The medical personnel in the
ambulance patched the wound on Carrie's neck. For precaution's sake, Carrie was taken to the hospital for a physical examination. 
Carrie relaxed and quickly fell asleep.
Sitting on the opposite sides of Carrie, Ralph met the gaze of Yasmin, whose face was stained with tears. Tension was thick in the air.
"You can contact Ryan to see Carrie in the hospital."
"I've called Mr. Hoffman." Yasmin held Carrie's hand while holding the teddy bear.
"Do you need me to explain the situation to him?" Ralph asked out of decency.
He had witnessed how much Ryan cared for Carrie. Now that Carrie was involved in an accident, Yasmin, her bodyguard, would be held accountable. Ryan could be nasty when he was angry.
"That won't be necessary. Your involvement would put me in a tougher spot and make Mr. Hoffman angrier."
Yasmin pursed her discolored lips and said grimly, "I'm grateful that you saved Carrie, Mr. Ralph, but here's a word of advice.
"Ms. Carrie is Mr. Hoffman's fiancee.
She's the future wife of the Hoffman
Group's CEO. They are in love,
no one can tear them apart stand by and watch someone come in between them." 
Ralph narrowed his eyes and ran his tongue over his teeth.
"A cop fights for justice. Surely, you won't throw away your pride and steal another man's woman," Yasmin said harshly.
Yasmin kept a clear head in the face of Ryan's potential rival.
"If Ryan wishes to marry Carrie and Carrie accepts, I'll give my blessing. However, he needs to take good care of her and make her happy." 
Ralph grinned offhandedly, and the smile sent chills down Yasmin's spine. "Otherwise, I can't say that your concern won't happen."
###chapter1715
Yasmin clenched her fists until her knuckles popped.
"Mr. Hoffman is good friends with Mr. Salvador, and Mr. Salvador is with Ms. Thompson. Do you think it's appropriate of you to steal Mr. Hoffman's girlfriend? You're putting Mr. Salvador in a tough spot and getting on Ms. Thompson's nerves."
"Did I say I'm going to steal Carrie away? You and your boss are the ones imagining things."
With downcast eyes, Ralph stared tenderly at Carrie's sleeping face. "But if you won't stop talking about it, you might just push me to fight for her. What did my old man tell me again? I think it was to at least try even if there is an obstacle."
"Captain Thompson, remember your place!" Anxious, Yasmin jolted to her feet.
Forgetting that she was in a vehicle, she bumped her head on the roof of the ambulance. Furrowing her brows, she held her aching head and sat back down.
"Ms. Yasmin, don't use my job on me." Ralph smirked. "One of my pet peeves is being threatened."
Yasmin felt a gut punch.
As she interacted with Ralph, her panic escalated.
Her woman's intuition alerted her to the fact that if Ralph fancied Carrie, he would become Ryan's competition.
Ralph would become Ryan's strongest rival.
When Carrie was transported into the room for treatment, Ryan darted over grimly.
The hallway was cramped as Ryan entered with his employees in tow.
He did not look like he was there to visit his wife. He appeared to be seeking a fight.
Since stepping foot into the hospital, Ryan has had a long face and was unapproachable. He was on a private jet with Logan to attend a business meeting in the neighboring city.
While on the way, he read the news about an incident at Savrow Art Academy. For some reason, he felt his stomach turning, so he called Yasmin right away. His calls went unanswered. 
Unsure whether Carrie was safe, Ryan ordered the jet to turn back to Savrow despite Logan's protests. He would rather sit out the important meeting. Livid, Logan nearly passed out from the huffing and puffing at an altitude of 30,000 feet.
"Mr. Hoffman."
Without red-rimmed eyes, Ryan approached aggressively. Yasmin stood up and nodded as her sweat hit the floor.
"Why did you tell me?" Ryan hissed through clenched teeth.
"Things were critical. I was afraid-"
"Why didn't you tell me?"
Ryan's eyes were shot. His angry roar echoed through the hallway. The employees of the Hoffman Group kept their heads down in silence.
Yasmin bit her discolored lip and hung her head low as the guilt weighed down on her.
"You're fired, Yasmin."
Ryan gave her the side eye, the
anger and heartbreak eating him up inside. From now on, you should go home and reflect on your behavior. I will strengthen the security around Carrie. I don't need you anymore." 
A drop of sweat slipped into Yasmin's eyes, merging with her tears.
She could not bear the thought of separating from Carrie when they had spent so much time together. It was Yasmin's negligence, and she had no excuse for it.
"This has nothing to do with Ms. Yasmin. It was the decision of the police that she was not to contact you."
Ralph emerged from the corner of
the stairwell, his eyes calm as he explained on behalf of Yasmin, "Everything was happening really fast, and the perpetrator held Carrie hostage. Anything could've set the perpetrator off and put her in a more dangerous situation. Ms. Yasmin wanted to get in touch with you, but we are the professionals. We didn't want the situation to get any worse than it already was. Please don't take out your anger on her."
"Did the instruction come from the police or you?" Ryan's knuckles went white. His husky voice was tinged with dangerous undertones.
K
###chapter1716
During his car ride, Ryan read the live news online and saw Ralph carrying a girl out of the school building.
Even though the girl's face was covered, he recognized the body frame to be Carrie's.
Ryan knew that Ralph was interested in Carrie, so he thought that Ralph had an ulterior motive to carry Carrie in his arms.
Carrie was Ryan's life and everything.
He could not put up with anybody getting close to her.
"I represent the cops. Is there a difference?" Ralph smirked composedly.
Ralph stood up against the Hoffman Group's employees on his own. Still, he persevered in the face of adversity.
Gritting his teeth, Ryan inched closer to Ralph. "Carrie is the love of my life. How could you keep this from me when her life hung in the balance? I couldn't be there for her. What was your intention? Must I rip off your fa?ade for you to be real with me?"
"Are you silly or na?ve, Ryan? Even if you have never been held hostage, you've watched movies with the same theme."
Ralph slipped his hands into the pockets of his leather jacket and scoffed with narrowed eyes. "So what if you were there? What could you have done?
"You would order your men to surround the perpetrator and tell him that the hostage was your woman. You'll probably threaten to bankrupt him for laying a finger on Carrie."
Ryan saw red. "Ralph!"
The Thompsons were sharp-tongued.
"It's not a matter of trust that I didn't inform you, Ryan. I need to eliminate all risks to save the hostage. I didn't keep things from you because Carrie is your girlfriend. I would do the same to anyone else in that position.
"I've encountered the meanest, vilest criminals in my career on the force. They would die when pushed to the edge. The same goes for the man who held Carrie hostage. It was a dangerous mission to save Carrie."
Ryan was too angry to listen to reason. "Are you trying to get me to thank you?”
"No need for that. I live to serve the people."
Ralph waved his arm. "I don't want to argue with you. I'm tired. You must be tired, too. Save your energy to take care of Carrie. And one more thing. Ms. Yasmin was loyal to you, rain or shine. She had it tough. You can blame the whole thing on me, but keep her out of it."
Standing in a corner with slumped shoulders, Yasmin felt a lump in her throat.
She had been with Ryan for more
than a decade. She took all the hardships that came her way. Many times, she even forgot she was a woman. 
Yet now, she has never felt so hurt before.
However, she quickly suppressed her emotions. Hurt was not the feeling she should have while working for Ryan.
Ralph walked straight ahead.
"Mr. Ralph thought you'd at least compete fair and square. Don't use your looks and your job as excuses to get elose to Carrie. That's cheap." Ryan's eyes were piercingly
malicious. 
If Ralph was not Bella's brother, Ryan would have pulled a punch to Ralph's face.
Ryan blamed himself not for being
for
when she was hurt,
words only added salt
his
swnomet
injury. 
"Ha. I used to think that you're doing Justin a favor by staying friends with him."
Ralph stopped, his tone sarcastic. "Now it looks like Justin is just putting up with you."
He hummed a tune and walked off.
The Hoffman Group's employees kept quiet, shocked by Ralph's attitude.
A storm brewed within Ryan's bloodshot eyes.
The door to the emergency room swung open.
Ryan looked back in shock.
Carrie stood there, her frame fragile.
She stared at Ryan with furrowed brows, and her resentful gaze burned Ryan.
"Ryan, why must you say that to Ralph? He saved my life."
↑
K
###chapter1717
"Carrie!"
Ryan's grimacing eyes lit up as he eagerly made his way to Carrie. He pulled her into his arms, his voice trembling in lingering fear. "I'm sorry. It's my fault that I didn't get there in time.
"I'm sorry for the hurt and pain you went through. I could've done a better job protecting you. Just hit me. Take your anger out on me."
Everybody was shocked.
Ryan, the Grim Reaper in the business, was lovestruck.
Carrie had the magic powers to put Ryan in his place.
"Ryan, why did you say that about Ralph? Why?"
Due to her autism, Carrie was stubbornly persistent on certain matters. "Why did you say that about Ralph? If it wasn't for Ralph, I would've been dead. Ralph saved my life. Why did you have to be mean? Why?"
Why?
The countless whys would have annoyed anyone else.
However, Ryan held her tight and whimpered tenderly in her ear. "You must have been afraid, Carrie. Are you alright? I'm sorry for not protecting you."
"Ralph didn't do anything wrong. He risked his life to save mine. Don't say that about him, alright?" Carrie would not let go of the matter until she got through to Ryan. Otherwise, she would not be able to focus on anything else.
Yasmin felt for Ryan.
Carrie's condition finally stabilized, but the accident set her progress back significantly.
As Carrie would not let up, Ryan did not want to put more emotional strain on her. He swallowed his pride and pleaded hoarsely, "Then promise me, babe. Don't look at other men. Just look at me, Carrie. I'm the only man for you."
Ralph left the hospital and hurried back to the station.
After sorting out the paperwork, Ralph sent his people to retrieve the report filed by Brian and his daughter. The file included information on the bullies and their statements.
There was not much to the case.
Ralph could not settle down once he reviewed the file.
Bella's call then came in.
"Bella." He paced his breathing.
"How are you doing, Ralph? Are you okay?"
Bella's anxious voice boomed during the call. "We saw the news about Savrow Art Academy and that you were heading a team there. Aunt Mila saw the news, and you didn't pick up her calls. Since Justin and are here, she asked us to pay you a visit."
"The perpetrator was arrested. I'm fine."
"I don't believe you. Come out and show us. Bella was persistent. "We are in front of the station. Come out to prove that you are safe and sound, or we won't know what to say to Aunt Mila." 
Ralph walked out of the police station and saw the Rolls Royce parked across the road.
Awkward, Ralph glanced around and slipped into the car while no one was looking.
"Don't drive a fancy car to see me."
Ralph whined the moment he got into the car. "Some may know you're my family, but others would think I'm a dirty cop who takes bribes fro the rich." 
Justin smirked at Ralph's wild imagination.
"Thank goodness you're okay, Ralph."
Bella raised Ralph's arms and told Justin to take multiple photos from different angles.
"Send the photos to Aunt Mila, Justin.”
"Okay." Justin looked down on his phone and sent the photos through WhatsApp.
"Hey, hey. That's a bit excessive." Ralph clicked his tongue. "Should take e off my pants, so you
photos for my mom?"
belongs to en.swnovel t
Bella replied, "Uh... If you insist, I don't see why not. I'll take a few photos since that's what you want."
Justin kept a stoic face. "We're all men. I don't mind."
Ralph was speechless. Bella and Justin were made for each other.
"We saw you carrying a girl out, Ralph. Was she a victim? Is she okay?" Bella, a kind soul, asked out of concern.
Ralph pursed his lips in silence for a moment before deciding to tell the truth. "The girl is Carrie."
The couple went white. "Who? Carrie? Our Carrie?"
"Yes."
"Oh, my God." Bella covered her mouth in shock.
"Where is Carrie now? How is she?" Flustered, Justin turned pale.
"Don't worry. Carrie is fine. She sustained minor injuries and shock."
Ralph looked at the time and spoke in a flat tone, "Ryan must be taking her home now." Justin could not shake off the concern. "Bella and I will head to Ryan's to check on Carrie." As his mind flew back to Carrie's conversation with Brian, Ralph pulled a grim look. “Bella, Justin, I have a request. I'm not in a position to intervene, but can you help me?"
###chapter1718
Since Ralph looked solemn, Bella and Justin took his request seriously.
"Do tell, Ralph."
"Both of you are well known for your do-good mission." Ralph made a jealous face.
Justin turned to the love of his life and pinched the nape of her neck for a massage. "I'm not. I'm just supporting Bella. Bella is the best. She's smart and kind."
"Ralph was mocking us, but you were humble and put the flattery on me. The weight of responsibility might just kill me."
Bella narrowed her eyes and elbowed Ralph in the ribs.
"I wasn't mocking you. I'm serious." Ralph adopted a grim countenance. "The perpetrator who held Carrie hostage killed two school bullies."
Justin grimaced.
Bella's eyes reflected iciness.
The couple had experienced abuse to some extent in their childhood, so they were against bullying more than anyone else.
"The perpetrator has a daughter who endured abuse from these five bullies. The bullies even took indecent photos of her and made the girl their slave, or they would post the photos on the school's website. "The girl and her father filed a report with the station more than once, but the case was closed apparently due to a lack of evidence. The five bullies come from money and power, so the girl and her father couldn't turn to anyone. They couldn't get out of the bad situation. In the end, the girl tried to end her life by jumping off the building."
"They come from money and power?"
Justin's piercing gaze spoke of hostility. "Give me their names. I want to see how much power and money they hold."
Bella teared up. "How is the girl now?"
"She's still unconscious in surgery."
Ralph sighed frustratedly and clenched his fists. "I read the file and saw the girl's medical records. There was enough proof to charge the bullies, and they are adults now. If we go by normal procedure..." "If you could go by normal procedure, you wouldn't be asking for our help." Bella saw through him.
Ralph swallowed hard, his voice
tel.
raspy. "Murderers should pay for their crimes sympathize with the father, but I don't agree with his revenge. He should face legal punishment. But his daughter is innocent. The perpetrators should be held responsible and pay the price for their misfortune. 
"That was the only thing her father could do to avenge her daughter at the time," Justin murmured.
"You must have a lot of cases like this, Ralph."
Bella asked curiously, "Why do you care so much about this particular case? Do you know her?"
Ralph recalled Carrie curling up in his arms, her lashes and nose tip wet with tears. His heart went out to the flustered yet adorable girl. "The incident only started and escalated from the bullying. I can't stand by and do nothing. 
"The other reason is because Carrie asked me to seek justice for the girl."
The couple was taken aback at the mention of Carrie.
"Everything was happening quickly, and Carrie got to safety because she convinced the perpetrator that she would be with the girl through it all and would help them seek justice. I don't want to let Carrie down."
Finding his remark inappropriate, Ralph added, "Carrie is kind and innocent. I hope she stays that way. I hope lies do not exist in her world." Bella stared straight at Ralph, whose eyes reflected unspoken emotions.
"If that's what Carrie wants, I will make it happen."
###chapter1719
Justin took Ralph's word for it and felt bad. "I'm a bad brother.
"I didn't carry out my duties as a brother, growing up. I was blind to her suffering at home. It took me years to realize what was going on, and Bella had to tell me about it. I'm the worst." "Don't be hard on yourself. You're a great brother, and I can prove it."
Bella sank into Justin's arms and kissed him on the neck. "Don't forget that Carrie wouldn't have a boyfriend who loves her dearly if it wasn't for you. That's enough to score you brownie points for a lifetime." Justin felt better, and the love showed in his eyes. He put his arm around her waist and pulled her in for a peck.
A hint of dejection slipped past Ralph's expression as he opened the car door and said, "I'll send you the file later. You are free to handle the case as you see fit, so long as you don't break the law."
Worried about Carrie, Justin and Bella said goodbye to Ralph and headed to Ryan's residence.
However, they did not get to see Carrie, as Ryan did not let the couple in.
"Don't worry, Justin, Bella. Carrie is fine. She had a scare. Yasmin has already put her to bed." Ryan's eyes were glazed and red-rimmed.
Apart from Carrie's well-being, Ryan did not seem all right.
He must have gotten quite a scare too.
Justin was going to insist on checking on Carrie, but Bella grabbed his arm and gave him a look.
Taking the hint, Justin said, "Is Carrie really alright?"
"She's fine."
Ryan
a
do you think I'd be here
Smile. "If she
calmly? I would've blown
povel.net
That made sense.
"Let Carrie get some rest. She'll herself together in two days. We can visit belongs to r then." Conten
Sw
Bella held Justin's arm and excused herself.
"Bella." Ryan stopped her.
"What's the matter?"
Ryan pressed his dry, discolored lips together. After much hesitation, he decided against talking about Ralph. "How is Chairman Thompson? Is he better?" 
"He's doing a lot better. Thank you for asking, Mr. Hoffman."
Bella curled her lips and walked away, snuggled in Justin's arms.
Ryan stared at their backs, struggling in a whirlwind of emotions and self-doubt.
He was envious of Justin's and Bella's undying love for each other.
Ryan loved Carrie deeply, and Carrie loved him too.
However, Ryan wondered if Carrie's love was genuine or merely a response to his affection.
What if Ralph was the first to enter her life instead?
As veins popped out of his hand on the door frame, Ryan dared not go down that rabbit hole.
###chapter1720
Ryan returned to the living room dejected. After putting Carrie to bed, Yasmin descended the stairs.
As Ryan looked up, their gazes met, and Yasmin put her head down in fright.
"Any lower, and your head will hit the floor. Are you an ostrich?"
With his brows furrowing in annoyance, Ryan went to the sofa to sit down. He took out a cigarette to hold between his lips, only to remember that Carrie did not like the smell of tobacco. In the end, he did not light the cigarette.
Yasmin kept her head down throughout.
The usually callous and unapproachable woman was now timid with guilt.
"Come here."
Yasmin took a few steps to get to Ryan, but the silence felt like a lifetime.
"Is Carrie asleep?" Ryan's voice was husky.
"She's asleep."
Yasmin hung her head low, her voice trembling. "I'll pack my things and leave right away. I won't get in your way."
"You can stay." Ryan's icy words granted Yasmin a pardon.
"B-But you said..."
"You are close with Carrie. I know she won't have any appetite if she loses you."
Ryan removed the cigarette from his lips and crushed it in his grasp. At the end of the day, he could not be cruel to the woman who was devoted to him. "You should stay and take care of Carrie. Even though you're clumsy with laundry and cooking, I won't feel any better leaving Carrie's care to someone else. This cannot happen again, or I won't just fire you. I'll kill you."
The last sentence was a joke.
As remorse washed over Yasmin, she shied away from his gaze and fought back the tears.
"I'm sorry, sir. It won't happen again."
Late at night, Ryan, in matching pajamas with Carrie, reviewed files on the sofa under the soft ceiling light.
He was not a workaholic like Justin. However, he was too distraught to sleep, and he needed some distraction.
"Ugh... No! Don't hit me! Don't hit me!"
Suddenly, Carrie kicked the duvet away in her sleep and wrangled around as if she were pinned down. She let out a frantic scream. "I'm a dummy! I'm an idiot! Just don't hit me!" "Carrie!"
Ryan got up and ran to the bed. He scooped her up by the waist and pulled her into his arms. "Don't be scared. I'm here. Don't be scared." "Don't hit me! Please, don't."
He held her tight, his palm running down her drenched back. "Who hit you? Tell me, Carrie. Who hit you?"
Carrie abruptly opened her eyes and gasped for air as sweat soaked her body.
"Who picked on you, Carrie? Tell me who hit you."
Ryan's eyes turned red, and his tone was stubborn and ruthless. "I'll kill whoever touches you."
He firmly believed that dreams came from thoughts during the day.
Something must have happened for Carrie to have a nightmare.
However, Ryan did a good job of shielding Carrie from harm. Yasmin stuck close to Carrie at school, so no one would have gotten close to her.
"N-No one."
Carrie put her arms around the
man's waist and shook her head with closed eyes. "I guess it was quite a fright this afternoon, so I had a nightmare. 
"No one picked on me."
Her horrifying memories were worse than a nightmare. All she wanted to do was forget about the past and pretend like nothing ever happened. Besides, her abuser was Ryan's sister.
Blood was thicker than water, and she did not want to put her beloved in a difficult spot.
"Really? Was it really a nightmare, Carrie?" Ryan kissed her forehead. His lips were cold from the panic.
"Yeah... It was just a dream."
With apple. "Come on,
her eyes, Carrie kissed
Ryan's
not
Let's sleep together. I
d when you're with menet
Ryan showed great self-restraint tonight because Carrie was injured.
However, Carrie's touches and
words rushed a fire to his loins. He climbed on top of her in bed and kissed her collarbone, her chin, and her lips until they were lost in each other's touch. 
It was a night of passion.
Ryan could never get enough of Carrie, who was coy and fragile in bed.
Her slender waist arched high, curving gracefully like a delicate crescent moon.
The moon outside the window paled in comparison.
Ryan's stunt of turning the jet around cost him an important meeting.
Hence, he got up early in the morning to see Logan and apologize.
Carrie was not the type to sleep in, so she woke up when he did. She helped Ryan into a suit and fixed his tie, acting more like a devoted wife.
Ryan read the financial articles on the iPad with his legs crossed on the sofa while Carrie had a shower in the bathroom.
Yasmin entered with a tray of breakfast.
"Yasmin."
Ryan lowered his gaze and spoke with a languid raspiness. "The sheets are stained. Change them."
###chapter1721
"Yes, Mr. Hoffman."
Yasmin understood and went to change the bed sheets.
There were maids in the villa, but Ryan only trusted Yasmin to be near such a private and personal space as his bedroom and to set it up.
The heavy and luxurious velvet curtains were still drawn, and the dimly lit space was filled with the lingering scent of passion and entanglement after sex.
Yasmin glanced at the messy bed, her expression joyful.
It looked like the couple had a steamy night the night before.
Once Ryan left, she would have to massage Carrie's slim waist, which had endured quite the storm.
Yasmin swiftly replaced the sheets and duvet cover, then picked up the clothes Ryan threw all over the floor and put them into the laundry basket.
Since Ryan expressed his intentions to marry Carrie to his family and officially asked for her hand from the Salvador family, Yasmin had not seen a single condom.
She could see how much Ryan hoped Carrie would be pregnant with his child.
With them being so affectionate, it may not be long before Ryan fulfills his wish.
Yasmin just walked out of the room joyfully when Ryan's low voice sounded, "Yasmin, accompany Carrie at home to rest for the next few days. Don't go to the Savrow Art Academy for now." "Mr. Hoffman, I..."
Yasmin was in a dilemma when the bathroom door suddenly swung open.
"No! I want to go to class! I don't want to stay home. I want to go to class!"
Ryan and Yasmin were stunned!
Carrie stood there, drenched and still radiating heat from the bath. She wore nothing but a towel on her delicate body, running out with bare feet.
Ryan's heart tightened, and he immediately ran to her, removing his freshly changed suit to wrap it around her damp body.
The expensive suit, worth tens of thousands, became a bath towel.
Carrie's thin and delicate frame seemed more fragile under the oversized coat.
"Little fool... What if you caught a cold, running out like this?"
Ryan's eyes slightly reddened as he held her tightly. Carrie stood on tiptoes, feet almost leaving the ground. "Have you forgotten what you promised me? You have to be good every day." Yasmin watched them, and while she was concerned about Carrie, she was more worried about Ryan's situation.
Since Ryan was appointed as the
successor, he had to attend all types of social events to expand the Hoffman family's connections and travel overseas for project loverseas
inspections frequently. He was no longer the carefree, rich boy who could just stay close to his wife.
Besides, Carrie had resumed a normal academy life. They barely had one or two nights in a week where they could spend time together.
Coincidentally, after what happened yesterday, Ryan's nerves were like a bowstring stretched to its limit. It would either break next or unleash a tremendous force.
"Why? Why won't you let me go to class?" Carrie stared straight into him, her eyes reddening from anxiety.
Ryan explained gently, "I didn't say you couldn't go. It's only temporary..."
"We are having an anniversary celebration in a few days, and there's a cultural performance. I've never participated in an activity like this. I don't want to miss it!"
Carrie struggled in the man's arms. "I could finally live like a normal person... Finally, they're not looking at me like a monster! Ryan, going to classes really makes me happy...I want to learn how to draw. Don't do this, okay? Don't strip this happiness away from me, okay? Please..."
Strip away.
The heavy accusation was like two sharp blades that plunged into Ryan's ribs. He had always been the person who loved her most and prided himself on being the architect of her future happiness. But he never expected that his consideration for her seemed like deprivation in her eyes...
"Young Madam, you've misunderstood."
Yasmin quickly grabbed a towel and walked over to dry Carrie's wet hair. "Mr. Hoffman didn't mean that. It's just that, after what happened, the academy must be in chaos. You can avoid classes for a few days and resume until things have settled down." 
Carrie shook her head, as stubborn as an ox. "No need. I'm not afraid. If I don't go, everyone will know the one taken hostage that day was me. When I return to class, people will look at me differently. Wouldn' my situation be even worse?"
Yasmin was speechless, secretly surprised by Carrie's meticulous thinking.
###chapter1722
Normally, Carrie was quite easygoing, but now, she was insistent on going to class.
In the end, Ryan had no choice but to give in.
The man walked out of the villa's door with a gloomy expression, still wearing the damp suit. Yasmin wanted to prepare another set for him, but he refused. The damp suit carried his fiancee's fragrant scent and body warmth, which he could not bear to part with.
"Take good care of Carrie."
"Yes, Mr. Hoffman."
"Also," Ryan's footsteps halted, his eyes as cold as ice. "Keep a close watch on her and make sure those obnoxious men stay away from my wife."
"Yes." Yasmin's back stiffened. Ralph's bright and handsome face immediately appeared in her mind.
Since the day Coral retrieved the suit from Roza's place, she has been restless for several days.
She suffered nights and nights without sleep, repeatedly haunted by Roza's piercing words of advice.
"Domestic violence will never stop!"
-"Do you want to be beaten to death by him?!"
-"You will only end up dead if you don't resist!"
Recently, James had successfully outmaneuvered Asher and returned to the company after regaining Lance's trust.
Coral thought James would be in a good mood and would not treat her like a slave for a while. But unfortunately, not long ago, that man came home at midnight, battered and bruised, his body littered with injuries.
As soon as he entered their room, that devil grabbed her hair, dragged her from the bed to the floor, and started beating her up without a word.
That night, the entire floor echoed with Coral's cries and pleas for mercy.
The date of the Iverson family's banquet was approaching.
James had nothing much to do and suddenly thought of how he asked Coral to obtain a suit from Roza.
In fact, he was merely making things hard for her. Everyone in the upper society knew that Roza was hard to deal with, and one would most likely be rejected and have their pride hurt, let alone a clumsy woman like Coral. 
When she failed to retrieve a suit, he would have an excuse to lash out. However, James did not get to do that. He did not expect that Coral actually managed to get the suit.
It seemed that this unpresentable woman was not completely useless.
"I went through a lot of effort to return to the verson Group. This family banquet will be my first public appearance since my triumphant return. As my wife, you must attend, looking flawless. If you embarrass me even a little... You know what I'd do." 
James vented his lust on Coral while whispering in her ear viciously.
Coral endured the humiliation with tears in her eyes, only daring to respond while trembling.
After he was done, James pulled his pants up, put on his tie, and became an elegant gentleman again as he walked out of the dressing room.
"James..." Coral called out weakly.
James halted, staring coldly at her. "What?"
"My father... His physical condition is getting worse."
Coral stumbled as she stood up, gathering her courage to say, "The doctor said that if we couldn't find a suitable kidney donor soon, his kidney function would completely fail. He would be beyond saving." 
"So?"
"You promised me... You will help me look for a matching kidney for my father."
"We'll talk about it after the banquet."
"No! My father can't wait that long!"
Coral almost cried in anxiety. "Please... For the sake of everything my family did for the Iverson Group, for the sake of all our years together... Please save my father!"
"I said, let's talk about it after the banquet. Are you looking for a beating again? Can't you understand human language?" James glared at her harshly.
###chapter1723
Coral trembled with fear.
"Besides, do you know how much it costs to get a kidney transplant? Your dad was still useful to me when he was a Chief Prosecutor, so I would save him as an investment back then. Now, he's just an old man on the brink of death. Why would I waste money and effort to save a person who doesn't have much longer to live? I'm not bored out of my mind."
James withdrew his disdainful gaze and sneered. "If your dad can wait, let him wait. If he can't, then he can only blame his fate!"
After the man left, Coral helplessly collapsed on the floor, covering her face as she cried bitterly.
In the evening, Coral changed into a low-profile outfit and went to visit her father at the hospital.
She covered herself thoroughly from head to toe, afraid her father would see any of her injuries.
Her father was so weak that it was difficult for him to speak, but he still tried his best to ask her not to worry about him. He knew Coral had a miserable life after marrying into a wealthy family. If it were not for the Iversons, their family would have been in ruins. His eldest son still had a job because of the Iversons, and he did not dare to ask for anything more.
Coral agreed on the surface, but when she went out to fetch hot water, she sat on a bench in the corridor and wept uncontrollably.
The doctor said he had a month left.
A kidney transplant was their last chance, but the surgery still had a high failure rate. Although her father insisted that she give up, she could not do it. Coral wanted him to live, not only because she was his daughter. He was also the only motivation for her to keep going.
If her father was not here anymore, her reason for living with the Iverson family would be gone as well.
At this moment, a steady footstep from leather shoes, accompanied by a crisp and elegant sound of high heels, walked toward her. "Ms. Jones."
What a clear and pleasant voice.
Coral slowly raised her eyes, swollen from the crying, and her pupils contracted with shock.
The breathtaking figures standing before her were Bella and Justin!
She was sitting, and Bella stood, but Bella did not have an air of superiority. She wore a friendly smile, dignified yet approachable.
Beside her, Justin had his arm around her waist, still looking as handsome as ever. His figure was upright and imposing.
It was incomparable.
Throughout the entire Iverson
family, even Lance's current favorite, Christopher; could not compare to this man. Although Christopher was just as good-looking, his presence was nowhere as powerful as Justin's. 
This might be what people meant when they said clothes could not make a man.
A true leader should be someone like Justin, and only Bella could match him, making them a perfect couple.
"Mr. Salvador, Ms. Thompson, why would you..." Coral was dumbfounded.
Bella was not in a hurry to express her intentions. Instead, she sat beside Coral, like they were good friends.
"Chief Prosecutor Jones has been staying here for quite some time, right?"
Upon hearing the long-forgotten title, Coral lowered her head dejectedly. "My father has long since retired. I've not heard anyone call him that for a long time."
Bella smiled casually. "Although
Chief Prosecutor Jones has retired, his honorable deeds still spread in Savrow's judicial system. My second brother is a prosecutor. When he was still studying, Chief Prosecutor Jones was his lecturer. My brother admired him a lot back then." 
"Ms. Bella, my father is not as great as you described."
Coral clenched the fabric of her dress, wrinkling it, her eyes red. "Also, you wouldn't talk to me without a purpose. You must be here because of the Iverson Group, and it likely has something to do with my husband. I'm sorry, but we stand on different sides. I belong to the Iverson family and would never do anything to betray them. You don't need to say anything. Please leave." 
Justin's brows furrowed slightly, seemingly hesitant to speak as he looked at Bella.
Even the mighty Mr. Salvador needed his wife's approval to speak. He was indeed fearful of Bella.
Bella nodded her head in silence. Justin then handed over the document he held to Coral.
"This is..."
"Ms. Jones, there's no rush to take a stand. Why don't you look at this first?" Bella was unruffled and smiled serenely.
###chapter1724

Coral's tearful eyes were full of confusion, but she still took the document.
She flipped it open and carefully read through it. Her heart immediately started pounding. She suddenly stood up.
"This is..."
"Mr. Salvador has found a suitable kidney donor for your father."
Bella's voice was gentle and friendly. "A kidney donor is extremely hard to find. You've been searching for a long time, so you should understand how complicated the process is. Many wealthy people could not find a compatible kidney, and even if they forced a transplant, it would cause their bodies to have adverse reactions, and the kidney would still fail soon after. Mr. Salvador used all of his connections to find this donor." "You... You...." Looking at the document that could save her father's life, Coral cried. Her tears fell on the paper, smudging the black ink.
"Ms. Jones, you are a good daughter. Anyone else might've already given up." Justin's tone was calm but sincere.
"What do you want me to do?" Coral lowered her head, and her hand, clutching the document, could not stop shaking.
Bella's deep and beautiful eyes seemed to burn with an invisible fire as she said word by word, "Ms. Jones, we want to help you escape from hell." Coral knew that Bella was close friends with Roza. She must have known about her being abused by James. Feeling immensely humiliated, Coral's pale face gradually flushed red.
"You only want to use this as an exchange condition to make me expose James' abusive actions or have me spy on him for you, to help you take him down. Ms. Thompson, you're just using me. You don't need to make yourself sound so nice."
Justin's brows furrowed, realizing that this seemingly weak woman was not as easy to convince as he had thought.
"Use you? I suppose so."
Bella smiled honestly. "But if we use each other for mutual benefits, it's not called using, but cooperation. Ms. Jones, Justin and I want to cooperate with you. Can we?"
Coral slowly lifted her head and looked at the beautiful woman, who wore a serious expression and a passionate gaze. Her heart thumped wildly. It has been a long time since she was respected.
The outsiders and servants at home called her Young Madam, but they never had any respect for her in their hearts, only treating her as nothing more than James' plaything.
When Bella called her "Ms. Jones", it warmed the cold blood in her veins.
In a daze, it felt like she had returned to her teen years, when she was still the precious daughter of the Jones family and doted on by her parents and brother. Those were the happiest days of her life.
"I want to go home. I want to return to those days." Coral choked up as she murmured.
Bella's heart softened. "If you're willing, we could help you get rid of the Iversons. You can go home and go back to your old life."
Coral hugged the document tightly to her chest. "What do you want me to do in exchange for my father's kidney transplant?"
Justin's eyes were dark. "Domestic violence is a private matter, and you are the direct victim. Exposing this matter would definitely bring many troubles to you. You can use this as a weapon to strike back, but you can also choose to keep silent."
Coral could not help feeling surprised.
This was merely a transaction, yet they were still considerate of her.
"Ms. Jones, you were married to James for many years and must know some of his unspeakable secrets. You can provide us with as many clues as possible. We will investigate it ourselves. We will ensure your safety and won't let James know about our cooperation. In return, I'll send the kidney donor to Savrow in three days and arrange for your father's surgery as soon as possible." Bella was sincere and thought about everything carefully.
Coral stared at her and asked softly, "Then... I need to sign some sort of agreement or contract, right? Bring it. I'll sign it now."
Bella smiled and shook her head. "There's no need."
Justin looked at Bella's calm face, surprised. Even a seasoned and smart businessman like him could not figure out Bella's intentions.
###chapter1725

"No need? Ms. Thompson, are you sure?"
Coral stared at her in disbelief. "Aren't you afraid I would change my mind after the surgery and refuse to help you? Aren't businessmen like you most concerned about verbal agreements and insist everything must be written?"
"I did this to let you know that our cooperation is entirely up to you."
Bella curled her red lips calmly, her smile friendly and relaxing. "If you sign an agreement, it's a transaction. If you don't, it'll be fierce revenge for yourself and your family. Even if you decide to return to the Iverson family after the surgery due to societal pressure, I won't blame you.
"I am also a doctor, and a doctor's duty is to help the sick. Besides, Chief Prosecutor Jones was once my brother's mentor. Consider me repaying my brother's debt of gratitude for his mentor."
Even a bystander like Justin was deeply moved by her words, let alone Coral.
How magnanimous! His lover was indeed never to be underestimated, always carrying herself like a queen.
The years of anger, grievance, pain, and unwillingness that Coral had endured turned into a torrent of tears at this moment, streaming down her cheeks.
She wept as she flung herself into Bella's arms, finally crying her heart out.
After leaving the hospital, Justin kept a tight hold on Bella's waist, both tacitly choosing to be silent on the way.
Bella's tense emotions only relaxed when they returned to their car. Her soft body leaned into Justin's warm chest, and her forehead pressed against his broad shoulders as she cried softly.
Listening to her broken sobs, Justin felt his breath grow heavy. His large hands caressed her back gently, and his heart melted.
"My darling."
He spoke to her dotingly, thin lips parting as he bit her ear lightly. "You're such a strong and fearless woman. Why are you crying so much?" "Tsk, I didn't cry in front of others. I only cry in front of you... Can't I?"
Bella said coquettishly, pulling out his tie to wipe her tears. "A woman only shows her temper in front of the man she loves."
"Of course, you can."
Justin's warm breath tickled her ear, his hoarse voice making her heart tremble. "But you must remember, from now on, you can only cry in front of me."
Bella snorted but still obediently snuggled into his arms again. "I can't believe I cried because of Coral. Justin, you must think I'm weak and silly..." "You're not silly. My wife is the smartest woman in the world."
Justin was at a loss for words. He sighed helplessly. "Bella, you're just too kind."
In fact, Bella did prepare a written agreement. But when she saw Coral sitting and crying alone helplessly because she could not save her father, her heart softened. She thought of herself and Wyatt, who was so sick he could not get up not long ago.
The calculating and scheming lady in her heart took a back seat. At that moment, she merely wanted to help Coral. That was all.
"Even if Coral regrets it later, it's okay. We have a long way to go, and I have many ways to deal with James."
Justin's sharp brows furrowed slightly. "But it's a little rushed to find a top-tier surgeon with a free schedule within three days to perform the kidney transplant surgery on Coral's father."
"Hey, your wife is a top-notch surgeon. Have you forgotten?"
Bella put her hand on her hip and made a peace sign. "Dr. Brown is right here!"
Justin was taken aback. He could not hold back anymore. Seeing her playful demeanor, he was about to lean forward to kiss her when Ian's untimely call interrupted his plans.
"Ian, what's up?" Justin's voice was hoarse, his thumb stained with a touch of Bella's lip gloss.
###chapter1726

"Mr. Salvador, those three students have been dealt with according to you and Young Madam's orders. One of them had their family business exposed for scandals and product quality issues, and they are on the verge of bankruptcy now, caught in a public outcry. The police dug deeper and found some criminal evidence against his father. They've gone to arrest him this morning.
"Another one engaged in prostitution at a young age, even involved in an orgy and BDSM. I've posted his photos and videos online using an overseas IP, and the netizens are admiring his showmanship. His congressman father's political career is likely destroyed by his bastard son." Ian reported joyfully.
Justin nodded with satisfaction. "What about the third?"
"He..."
Ian paused and lowered his voice. "He ended up in the worst shape. I heard he was kidnapped, and when they found him, he had ten stab wounds on his body, each avoiding vital organs, and he was physically castrated. He was in the emergency room for a full day, but we still don't know whether he'll survive. But I've asked around. Even if he manages to live, he's totally ruined."
Bella's delicate brows furrowed, glancing at Justin ambiguously,
Justin's face darkened. "You didn't do this, did you?"
"Of course not! I even had to make mental preparations for a whole night when my mother asked me to skin a chicken. I wouldn't dare to do something like this."
Ian spoke after thinking, "I went investigating at the academy, and they said the day after the incident happened, someone from the Hoffman family went to copy the surveillance footage from the crime scene.
"Usually, this footage would not be released, but the headmaster could not afford to offend the Hoffman family. They were the sponsor for the academy's newly built library, so the academy gave the footage without a word. I think... Mr. Hoffman might have seen something, causing him to have murderous intent for that brat."
The couple agreed. Such a ruthless and cruel method was too much like Ryan's style.
Since it was not too late, Bella and Justin decided to visit Carrie, telling her about how justice was served for that girl.
"Really? Those bad guys who bullied the girl were all punished?!"
Carrie sat between Bella and Justin like an excited little girl, holding their arms. "That's great! It's karma! Now, that man can rest easy because all the bad guys got the punishment they deserve."
"You're just like me, Carrie. You keep your word and are full of justice." Bella nuzzled her head against Carrie's.
Justin watched them, his lips curling into a gentle and soft smile.
Ignoring her age and height, he even felt that Carrie was more like their daughter, having an innocent, naive, and childlike mind.
"Annie, who did this? Was it Ralph?!" Carrie's long eyelashes fluttered.
At the mention of Ralph, Bella and Justin exchanged a glance.
How should they answer this?
Although they were the ones who carried it out, Ralph had requested that they help avenge the girl. But if they told her the truth, would Carrie feel disappointed? She idolized and admired Ralph so much.
Their moment of hesitation became a silent confirmation in Carrie's eyes.
"Wow... Ralph did it, right?! Ralph is amazing!"
Carrie smiled brightly and clapped. "I knew Ralph would keep his promise to me. He's so amazing!" At this moment, cold and heavy footsteps sounded.
Carrie looked up at the source of the sound. When her gaze met Ryan's, her first reaction was not to eagerly rush into his arms like in the past. Instead, she lowered her head in panic like a guilty child, rubbing her hands together until they turned red.
She just mentioned Ralph. Ryan must have heard it, right?
Ryan hated it the most when she talked about Ralph. Was he mad at her?
A fleeting shadow flashed across Ryan's eyes, but it was immediately replaced with a smile. "Justin, Bella, you're here,"
###chapter1727

"Ryan, you're home early today." Justin responded to his greeting.
"Honey, I'm home after a long day. Aren't you going to give me a hug?" Ryan's eyes carried a gentle smile as he held out his arms to Carrie, ignoring the black coat on his shoulders that slipped off to the ground.
Carrie's heart tightened inexplicably, but she still obediently walked over and snuggled into the man's arms like a cuddly cat.
Ryan's tall frame enveloped her completely like a clam shell. There was a lingering warmth on his body from the heater in his car, transferring into Carrie's skin and gradually easing her nerves.
"Ryan... Don't get mad," Carrie whispered softly, and only the two of them could hear it.
"Hmm? Why would I get mad?" Ryan asked hoarsely, his lips brushing past her ear. "I, I..."
Carrie had learned to filter her words before speaking now, and she did not dare to continue after thinking about it.
"If you did anything that might make me angry, just give me a kiss. Then I won't be mad." The man's slightly cold lips brushed against her flawless cheek.
Due to Bella and Justin's presence, Carrie felt embarrassed, but she was even more afraid of pissing off Ryan.
Therefore, she stood on tiptoe and pecked his lips lightly.
But how could Ryan be satisfied with that? He placed his hand on the small of her back, forcefully turning the brief kiss into a deeper entanglement.
Yasmin came over at this time, holding a tray of refreshments. She was not fazed by the scene and smiled politely. "Mr. Salvador, Ms. Thompson, please enjoy the tea."
Justin coughed lightly, picking up a tea cup and handing it to Bella first. "Bella, have some tea."
"Okay." Bella took the cup and withdrew her complicated gaze.
Although it was a sweet and harmonious scene, she vaguely felt something off about Carrie. She seemed a little restrained, carrying a touch of cautious timidity.
Carrie's mother had passed away, her father was basically non-existent, and her grandfather was too unwell to meet her and take care of her. As her sister-in-law, Bella needed to keep an eye on Carrie and be more attentive.
After their kiss, Justin said calmly, "Ryan, there's something we should discuss alone."
"Okay. Let's go to my study,"
Ryan was cheerful after seeing his best friend. He walked up the stairs with Justin.
"Yasmin, I like freshly squeezed orange juice. Can you prepare a glass for me and Carrie? She likes it too," Bella smiled as she asked.
"Of course. Right away."
Yasmin went to the kitchen. Bella only asked for orange juice to get her out of the room.
"Carrie." She held Carrie's hands tightly. "How have you been recently?"
"I'm good. Ryan and Yasmin took great care of me." Carrie blinked.
"Did Ryan do anything weird lately?" Bella narrowed her eyes, probing further.
Carrie thought about it, and her face immediately flushed red. "Yes..."
Bella quickly asked, "What?"
"Well... Recently, when we are intimate, he stops using that thing..." Carrie was so embarrassed she did not know what to say, and even her breathing quickened.
But since Bella asked, she answered honestly.
###chapter1728

Bella understood what Carrie meant and coughed awkwardly. But she was not particularly embarrassed by this topic.
Instead, she advised earnestly, "Carrie, are you ready to become a mother now?"
"Mother...?" Carrie was stunned, feeling that the concept was distant and unfamiliar.
To be honest, she was not ready yet.
She even felt like she had not fully grown up yet, and she had a mental illness, not knowing whether it would affect her child.
However, Ryan really wanted a kid with her.
Every time they slept together and were deeply intimate, he would whisper in her ear over and me a child... Carrie, give me a few more... Boy or girl, as long as they're yours, I will love them..." Carrie's expression looked troubled. "I... I haven't thought of it yet. Annie, do you want to have a child with Justin?"
over,
"Give
Her words were like a sharp needle, piercing Bella's heart and spreading a fine pain throughout her heart. "I love your brother deeply, regardless of the past or present."
Bella's eyes silently moistened, her voice tight and hoarse as she suppressed a hint of painful regret. "But a child is not a necessity. I'm content just being able to grow old with him."
It was her true feelings, and her body did not allow her to have children, but it unexpectedly struck a chord with Carrie.
"Actually... I don't want to have children either."
Carrie's head hung low, nervously playing with her fingers, rarely expressing her true feelings. "I'm scared of my child inheriting my illness... I'm scared people would mock my child... I want to learn how to paint. If I had children, I wouldn't be able to focus on painting. When my mother used to be with Bethany and me, she had so many maids to help take care of us, but she was still so busy every day. I'm afraid..." "Then you should tell Ryan about your thoughts." Bella frowned.
Carrie quickly shook her head. "But Ryan wants children. He likes them so much, and I don't want to let him down..."
Bella felt more heartbroken the more she listened. How many things did this quiet girl keep bottled up inside with no one to confide in?
After all, Yasmin worked for Ryan. No matter how much Carrie liked her, there were things she could not tell Yasmin.
But on the matter of having a child, Bella could not intervene. This was something between the couple. Overstepping would be inappropriate.
She thought of the day she and Justin came to visit Carrie but were turned away by Ryan. His bloodshot, gloomy eyes indicated that he had not slept for days.
Justin was always simple-minded and trusting of the people close to him, so he did not sense anything wrong.
But Bella was keen and kept a clear mind, letting no details escape her eye.
"Has Ryan been in a bad mood recently? I can see you're very cautious around him."
Bella lowered her voice. "Did something happen after you were saved that day?"
She hit the nail on the head. Carrie pursed her lips, murmuring hesitantly, "That day, in the hospital... Ryan got into a fight with Ralph. Ryan doesn't seem to like Ralph much. He gets unhappy when I mention him. Annie, Ralph is a good person, but so is Ryan. I don't want them to fight. I want them to become friends."
Bella could not help being shocked. A shadow loomed over her beautiful face.
###chapter1729
In the study, Ryan poured a glass of wine for Justin, but the latter refused. "I didn't bring my driver today, so I'll have to drive. I won't drink."
"I didn't expect you two to come over tonight."
Ryan drank the glass of wine himself, then put it down. His tall figure leaned against the desk lazily as he casually fished out a cigarette and lit it.
He inhaled deeply, almost greedily, as if he wanted his organs to be surrounded by smoke.
"Are you in a bad mood?" Justin slightly narrowed his eyes.
"I'm okay."
"You told me Carrie doesn't like the scent of cigarettes, so you've cut down on smoking for her. Yet this ashtray looks like a graveyard. It's probably twice as much as before."
Justin immediately activated his protective mode and said sternly, "Do you want my sister to hug a chimney to sleep every day? Do you still want a kid like this? Don't you know you need to quit smoking and drinking if you want children?"
Ryan listened to his advice and immediately threw the cigarette on the floor, extinguishing it under his shoe. "Don't you have something to discuss with me?"
"That man. Did you do it?" Justin asked straightforwardly, not one to beat around the bush.
"I've done a lot of stuff. Which one are you talking about?" Ryan's expression was dark, clearly knowing who Justin meant.
"The male student from Savrow Art Academy. You got someone to kidnap him and stab him ten times. He's still in the ICU now, status unknown."
Ryan gave a disdainful snort. "Oh, this? Yeah, I did it."
"Don't you think you went too far?"
Justin's brows furrowed deeply. "You're not who you used to be. You are the Hoffman Group's CEO, not a gang leader. Your every move is under scrutiny by the company and the public. You're not alone, either. You have Carrie now. There are a thousand methods for you to teach that man a lesson, but you chose the riskiest and the most extreme one."
"Do you think I went too far? Fuck, I think I've shown that brat enough mercy. I should've left his body in the wild and let the stray dogs tear him to pieces!"
Ryan slammed the table, his eyes red with anger. "If it weren't for that bastard using Carrie as a shield and pushing her to that lunatic, Carrie wouldn't have been taken hostage! She's been having nightmares every night now. It's all that bastard's fault! He should be grateful that I kept him alive!"
At this moment, Justin's phone buzzed. Ian sent him a message.
He looked down and pressed on the message, his eyes immediately darkening.
[Mr. Salvador, that student didn't make it. He died.]
"lan just sent me a message. That student died."
Ryan's expression stiffened, and he then smiled coldly. "He deserved it. I'm satisfied."
Justin's gaze was heavy. He shook his head helplessly and angrily. "If Carrie knew this is how you sought justice for her, she might have nightmares for the rest of her life."
"I won't let her know."
Ryan's thick and passionate love was like lava, violently surging beneath his eyes and overflowing with mad possessiveness. "Anyone who bullies or touches Carrie will end up dead."
"Ryan, did you notice you're becoming more and more obsessive? When it comes to Carrie, you can't stay calm." Justin's tone sank, feeling uneasy.
"Justin, my wife almost had her throat slit by that madman! I almost lost her forever, yet you ask me to stay calm?!"
Ryan's chest heaved violently, as if a beast were suppressed within. "If the person taken hostage was Bella, can you stay calm? You'd only retaliate with a crueler and darker method! Both of us would choose to die for our wives, so let's not preach to each other. It's no use, and I won't listen!" 
"Even if you don't want to listen, you must!"
Justin could not bear to see Ryan destroy his life over one mistake. He suddenly stood up from the sofa, staring at him with an intense gaze "Ryan, let me remind you one more time. You are the Hoffman Group's successor, not part of a mafia! You can use your wealth and power to do anything, except murder! That's the bottom line. 
"Have you considered what would happen if someone like Christopher or your uncle found out about this? How would they set you up and use you? At that time, you can't even protect yourself. How are you going to protect Carrie?!" 
The man's words immediately woke Ryan up.
But who could understand how much hatred he felt when he saw the surveillance footage? He wanted to kill that bastard himself!
"This is the last time I'll condone this. Before you decide to do anything, spend a few seconds to think about Carrie and what I said."
Justin walked to Ryan and put his hand on his shoulder. "You are my brother, my family. I merely wish you to be safe and live a stable life with Carrie." "Justin, what should I do? I love her so much..."
Ryan lowered his head, gasping for breath, but he still felt the air was thin and suffocating. "I love her so much that I don't know what to do... I feel like I'm losing myself." The two men did not know that, outside the slightly ajar door, Carrie was leaning against the wall. She had heard their conversation clearly.
Unknowingly, her face was stained with tears.
###chapter1730
After leaving the villa, Bella and Justin sat in their car without saying a word.
Finally, Bella broke the silence. "Justin, I'm going back home tonight... Aren't you traveling early tomorrow? Save the trouble and go to Tideview Manor, or you can stay at my place."
Justin was still thinking about Ryan. He frowned and agreed, "Okay, I'll send you back to Yara Park and come for you tomorrow night."
At Yara Park, they exchanged lingering kisses outside the door. Justin watched Bella enter the door as his eyes darkened, only then taking his phone to dial lan's number. "What's the situation at the hospital?"
"The boy died from excessive blood loss. His parents were also prominent figures in Savrow, and they insisted on pursuing this to the end. The problem is that the police have gotten involved. It would be troublesome if they traced it back to the Hoffman Group."
lan dropped his usual playful smile and looked extra serious. "But I followed your orders and privately asked Ms. Yasmin. Mr. Hoffman did not have the intention to kill that brat, but his subordinates were not professional and went overboard. Even though they avoided his vitals, who could survive ten stab wounds? But that brat deserved to die. We investigated him, and he was a walking beast, a reincarnation of Charles!"
"Police involvement meant that they would investigate thoroughly."
Justin pondered for a few seconds before speaking coldly, "Keep in close contact with Yasmin. Money is not a problem. We need to ensure the one who took action stays quiet and cuts off his connection to the Hoffman Group. Ask him to turn himself in immediately. Anyway, no matter the cost, we can't let this matter be connected to Ryan. Got it?"
lan took a deep breath. "I understand!"
Bella returned home with a worried face.
At this moment, Mila happened to be carrying a tray with nutritious soup for Wyatt, walking past the living room to Wyatt's bedroom.
"Bella, you're back."
"Aunt Mila, is Ralph home tonight? I heard he's back. Is he around now?"
Mila nodded. "Yes, I think he went to the wine cellar. Do you need something?"
Bella smiled. "No, I just miss Ralph. I'll go have a drink with him."
It was peaceful and quiet in the wine cellar. When Bella pushed open the door, Ralph was sitting under the colorful glass lamp, drinking alone. His chiseled features looked bewitching under the effects of the light.
Bella always thought that Ralph was the son most similar to Wyatt.
He was not like Asher or Axel, always dressed meticulously in suits, but he still exuded an air of nobility even if he was dressed in a sack and shone through the mud.
Wyatt's sons, once out in the world, were all fatal seductions.
"Ralph," Bella called out softly.
As if awakened from a dream, Ralph's eyes immediately regained clarity. He looked up and said, "Bella, you're back. Come have a drink with me?" Bella's gaze swept across the familiar panda biscuits on the table. She smiled ambiguously. "I remember you don't like sweets."
Ralph paused and then smiled faintly. "I crave it occasionally. The panda biscuits are quite appetizing."
"Do you like the panda biscuits, or is it because they remind you of someone?" Bella sat across him, the underlying meaning in her words as clear as day.
Ralph looked deep into her eyes for a long moment, a broad smile spreading across his face. "Bella, we're siblings. You can speak frankly." "Ralph, I saw Carrie today."
Her name was enough to make Ralph's heart skip a beat, but he revealed nothing on the surface. "How is she? Is she doing fine? What happened last time scared her. Has she recovered?" 
Despite his calm demeanor, his words were laced with concern. "Ralph, since you asked me to be frank, I won't speak in riddles anymore." Bella took a deep breath, her expression serious. "Do you like Carrie?"
Ralph's grip tightened on his glass, his knuckles turning white, a hint of burning red at the corner of his eyes. "Yes, I like her. But I am rational enough to know whether it is appropriate. Carrie and Ryan love each other and are already discussing marriage. So, my affection for her should not exist." 
You
"But I still like her. I can't lie to you or myself." Ralph forced an easy smile and picked up a biscuit for Bella.
"Ralph..."
Bella's heart immediately ached and felt bitter. If it happened sooner, she would do everything she could to match Ralph and Carrie. Unfortunately, timing matters too much in love.
It was only a step short, yet someone's love could only remain buried in their heart.
"You came looking for me at night, mentioning Carrie and looking so serious. Did something happen?"
Ralph, as sensitive as always, immediately tensed up. "Did my existence make things difficult for Carrie? Did she fight with Ryan?"
"Carrie told me she wanted you to be friends with Ryan." Bella's voice was low.
Ralph could not help smiling bitterly. "Bella, do you think it's possible?"
Bella sighed gloomily.
"From the moment I fell in love with Carrie, I could never become friends with Ryan. In the future, unless by some coincidence or accident, I
would not see Carrie again. I canet
make things hard for her by making Ryan overthink things between us. But I will send them a wedding gift." Ralph casually downed the remaining wine in his glass. 
Bella's eyes gradually reddened, and she poured herself a glass of wine.
Aunt Mila raised her three children too well. They were selfless, generous, upright, and kind.
"Bella, I've heard much about Carrie from you. I know it was not easy for her to find her love."
Ralph's heart stung, but he still smiled faintly. "Compared to dating her, I just want her to be well. No matter who she's with... As long as she's happy."
"Ralph, you will definitely find your own happiness in the future."
"Haha... My happiness is being able to serve the people."
The siblings clinked their glasses and drank freely after a deep talk.
###chapter1731
Under Justin's covert operations, the Hoffman Group's subordinate turned himself in, confessed on the spot, and provided all the crime details, which matched the situation completely. The victim's father still wanted to pursue further, but with such solid evidence, the police closed the case. With their limited ability, they could only accept it.
Liam Hoffman had a keen sense and understood the entire incident.
When he learned that the person taken hostage was Carrie, he knew the incident definitely had something to do with Ryan.
The culprit literally had the word "Ryan" branded on his face.
"What? That man who turned himself in had his background cleaned?!" Liam's eyes widened.
"Yes, it was cleaned thoroughly. That subordinate had nothing to do with the Hoffman Group anymore, and even the police couldn't find anything." His secretary reported, drenched in sweat. "Ryan, that fucking bastard... He's getting more and more cunning!"
Liam took a drag of his cigar, only to suddenly choke and almost make himself pass out.
"It could also be Mr. Salvador's work. Mr. Salvador was always meticulous, and he has close ties to Ryan. Won't he help Ryan out?"
"Damn it!"
Liam slammed his palm on the table fiercely. "I thought we could use this incident to cut off Ryan's future of becoming the CEO, but we missed this opportunity! Am I supposed to just watch that bastard ride over my head? Then what's the point of me getting rid of his father?!"
"Shhh! Keep your voice down!" The secretary's face paled.
"Tsk, what are you afraid of? So many years have passed. The plane crash left no evidence."
A cruel light flashed across Liam's eyes. "Do you think Ryan doesn't suspect me? He's been suspicious since long ago, but what can he do? I love watching how powerless he is against me, despite how much he hates me. Let him suffer forever!"
At this moment, his phone rang.
Seeing that it was Zoe, Liam dismissed his secretary and took the call with a dark expression. "Zoe, do you still remember your uncle?"
"Uncle, you're being funny. I could forget anyone except you!" Zoe's sweet voice came through.
"Ha, you have a way with words." Liam gritted his teeth. "If so, why aren't you doing anything? It seems your heart is still swaying toward your brother. If he becomes president, you and your mother will benefit too, right?"
"Uncle Liam, forgive me for being blunt."
Zoe smiled and said, "Actually, you don't have any chance of winning in this fight for the CEO's position. Grandpa never thought of letting you be his successor in the first place. You should know this better than I do, right? You wanted me to help you, but how should I help you when you have such a bad foundation? If I had the ability, I would go for it myself."
Liam felt humiliated by the girl, and his face turned beet red. "But didn't you say you have an idea to let Ryan suffer?"
"Be patient. It's happening soon."
Zoe's tone turned dark. "Tonight, I'll meet Grandpa. Ryan wants to be CEO and marry his sweetheart, right? But there's no such thing as having the best of both worlds!"
Night fell at the Hoffman residence.
Logan summoned Ryan and Liam, calling a meeting between the three of them in his study.
After discussing the company and project affairs, Ryan got up and placed an invitation in front of Logan.
"This is..."
"Me and Carrie's engagement invitation."
Ryan's eyes sparkled with
anticipation, saying seriously, "I
wanted to give Carrie the wedding of
the century, but it needs a
professional team and time to plan. So before that, I plan to hold an engagement ceremony to register our marriage. It's safer and shows the Hoffman Group's respect for the Salvador family. Everything will be done properly." 
As he spoke, he took a document from a leather bag and handed it to Logan with both hands. "This is the list of gifts I prepared for Carrie. Please take a look." Logan opened the document. Liam could not help stretching his neck to look at it too.
Good heavens! The list was so full of words that it made their heads spin.
Logan took out his reading glasses and put them on, reading them line by line. His brows furrowed tighter, and his face sank.
Was this brat trying to empty his account to please that girl?!
"Tsk, Ryan is genuinely offering his heart and soul for Ms. Carrie." Liam said sarcastically, "Even Chairman Thompson's four wives combined might not receive as much as your gift list." 
"You're exaggerating, Uncle Liam. It's a bit much, but not to that extent."
Ryan sneered, "Besides, I've saved up for all these over the years. Don't worry. I won't use any of the family's money."
Liam's expression stiffened. He thought, 'Fuck, is this bastard showing off his wealth to me?!'
"It's just an engagement gift. Do you need to be so extravagant?" Logan sounded a little displeased.
"Yes. Carrie is worth it." Ryan said
without hesitation, "I still think I am underprepared due to time
vel?
constraints. But it's alright. I'bgive her more in the future."
Logan's frustration was stuck in his throat, his voice low. "Fine. It's your wedding; you handle it."
"Thank you for your blessing, Grandpa." Ryan's face lit up, and he bowed deeply.
"Ryan, your big day with Ms. Carrie is right around the corner. Aren't you going to send me an invite? I'll prepare a grand gift for you." Liam put on a fake smile. "There's no need. I don't need your bit of money. You can just send your wishes."
Liam felt awkward and speechless.
"Grandpa, if there's nothing else, I'll excuse myself first."
Ryan and Liam came out of the study one after another.
Upon hearing the sound of high heels clicking on the floor, Ryan looked up, and his gaze darkened.
Right opposite him, Zoe held a tray as she gracefully walked over.
###chapter1732
"Ryan, Uncle Liam."
Zoe stopped in front of them, putting on a sweet smile.
What a poser.
"Oh, Zoe! How are you recovering?" Liam asked, pretending to be concerned.
"I'm feeling much better. Thanks for asking."
"That's good to hear. You're the precious treasure of the Hoffman family. If anything happened to you, your grandfather and mother would be devastated!" Liam's words were aimed at Ryan.
Then he cast a meaningful glance at Zoe and left, humming a little tune.
"What are you doing here?" Ryan stared at her with a dark and cold gaze.
"I made soup, and I'm bringing it to Grandpa while it's still warm." Zoe blinked innocently. "Ryan, you won't deny me the chance to be a good granddaughter, will you?"
Ryan's deep, cold eyes narrowed. He raised his hand slowly and pointed at her face menacingly.
Although he did not say a word, Zoe's heart still pounded wildly out of fear, and her hands, holding the tray, slightly trembled.
"Zoe, I'm warning you. Don't play any tricks. Otherwise, I'll rip out your deceitful tongue and break your legs. If you don't believe me, just try me."
As his words fell, Ryan shoved past her and strode away.
Zoe glared at Ryan's seemingly unshakable figure fiercely, gritting her teeth in anger.
"Ha, we'll see!"
Then, her vicious expression disappeared, replaced with a gentle and obedient smile as she walked into the study.
"Grandpa, I'm here to see you!"
Seeing his granddaughter, Logan smiled dotingly. "Zoe, you're here."
"Grandpa, I especially made this nutritious soup for you. It took me the whole day!"
Zoe placed the tray on the tea table,
picked up the bowl of soup, and passed it to Logan. "This soup is best consumed when in a bad mood. It's nourishing and calming. Grandpa, have a taste!" 
"Zoe, how do you know I'm in a bad mood?" Logan took a sip of the soup, and sure enough, his chest felt less suffocated.
"Ryan just came to see you, and I saw your grim face as soon as !
walked in. There was an invitat net
on the table. It must be for Ryan and Ms. Carrie's wedding, right? 
Zoe said with a half smile, "It seems we'll have a celebration soon?"
"Celebration? What kind of celebration is this?"
Logan put down the bowl heavily, his nostrils flaring. "I only have one grandson, but that girl from the Salvador family has him dancing in her palms! He's utterly obsessed! They're only getting engaged, but Ryan gave her almost half his assets. She represents the Salvador family. Doesn't he ever think of the consequences?! When they get married, the Hoffman Group will probably be under the Salvador
family's control in a few years!" 
"Grandpa, I knew you were troubled by this matter."
Zoe sighed helplessly. "Actually, there's something I haven't told you. I'm afraid you'd feel more upset if you knew about it."
"We've come to this point. What else couldn't I handle? Just tell me!"
Zoe smiled coldly in her heart and walked over to the tea table, taking out a document hidden under the tray. "Grandpa, look at this."
Logan took it in confusion, flipping through the pages.
Suddenly, his eyes widened in rage, staring at the diagnosis report in disbelief. Carrie's name was clearly written on it.
###chapter1733
Logan was shocked. "That Salvador girl has a mental illness?!" "Yes, Grandpa."
A sinister light flashed across Zoe's eyes. "The Salvador family has kept Carrie's illness from you all this time. She has severe autism, a mental illness. I was in the same junior high as her. At that time, the other students called her an idiot and a fool behind her back. She dropped out of school halfway through because of her illness."
"No wonder... I felt she was strange. She's already in her early twenties, but she still behaves like a child. There's a problem with her brain? Shannon's offspring are indeed defective spawns! She died but left her dumb daughter to my precious grandson?! Cough..."
Logan was so mad that he could not stop coughing, his face turning red.
Zoe quickly patted his back. "Grandpa, calm down! Your health is more important!"
"Your brother... Does he know?"
"He knows everything."
Logan got even more mad, utterly bewildered. "And he still wants to marry her?! Is he crazy? Isn't he afraid that their child would be born mentally ill too?! I don't understand... What kind of woman can't he get? Why must he obsess over a fool?!"
"Ryan must be deceived by Carrie's pure and innocent appearance. He's had too many luxurious delicacies, so he naturally finds simple things irresistible once in a while." Zoe's tone carried a hint of disdain. Logan's eyes reddened with anger, and he kept hitting the sofa's armrest. "The Salvador family is full of liars! Trying to stuff their unwanted daughter to the Hoffman family... They can dream on! As long as I'm alive, I will never let that girl marry my grandson! Tomorrow morning, I'll meet Nigel and call off the engagement."
"Grandpa, that's not the right approach."
Zoe knelt on one knee at Logan's feet, holding his shaking hands in her palm to soothe him. "If you suddenly meet Old Master Nigel, Ryan will immediately hear the news. You know how he is. At that time, chaos will ensue, and he's also close to Mr. Salvador. His heart is with the outsiders, so we'll be hurt in the end."
"Zoe, you're truly considerate and smart!"
Logan gradually calmed down and asked anxiously, "Can you give me some ideas? How should we handle this?" "Sigh, I do have a relationship with Carrie as a classmate. I'll make time to talk to her in person."
Zoe spoke gently, her face
compassionate. "I'll reason with her and appeal to her emotions, hoping to persuade her to stop clinging to Ryan. They won't have a future."
Thinking about his madly obsessive grandson, Logan could not help worrying. "What if you couldn't convince that girl?"
"Then I'll use the second method, but it's a little ruthless and harsh. However, it could cut them off completely."
Zoe's lips curled into an eerie smile. "Just wait for it."
After a short break, Carrie resumed her normal academic life.
The academy experienced such a major crisis, but in an orderly environment, it seemed that the storm would soon subside, no matter how big it was.
The surveillance footage was
deleted, and nobody was at the
scene when it happened. Due to the
pressure from the Hoffman family,
the academy kept Carrie's identity and her being taken hostage a secret. 
Carrie's peaceful life was all crafted by Ryan.
If possible, Ryan really wanted to build a flawless ivory tower to hide and protect his lover, like a greenhouse flower.
But what he did not know was that
the shocking conversation Carrie overheard that night outside the study had slightly cracked the glass walts of the greenhouse. 
Perhaps it would end there, but it might also gradually spread, like a spider web. Finally, it might cover the entire greenhouse and shatter it.
Yasmin accompanied Carrie every day, watching her like a hawk.
###chapter1734
Carrie learned how to put on a front, shutting herself in the studio once she got home and focusing on painting without revealing any emotion.
Yasmin did not notice her unusual behavior.
If she had to say there was anything different with Carrie, it was her paintings. The colors grew darker and heavier, and Yasmin found it harder to understand. Carrie heard that Ryan returned to the Hoffman residence to meet Logan, which made her uneasy. She waited for him to come home while painting in her studio. She waited a long time, but he did not return. Eventually, she was so exhausted that she could not hold on, falling asleep among the piles of paint.
It was early in the morning when Ryan hurried back.
Seeing his beloved fiancee sleeping on the table, the colorful paint smearing her face and body like a cat, he could not help but smile fondly.
"Mr. Hoffman, why are you so late? Young Madam has been waiting for a long time."
Yasmin asked worriedly, "Did the conversation about your engagement go well with Old Master Logan?"
"Grandpa has agreed to let me handle it myself." Ryan stood at the door, staring deeply at the sleeping girl with affectionate eyes.
Yasmin was excited. "Really?!"
Ryan raised his fingers to his lips, hushing her. "Yeah. After I left the Hoffman Residence, I went to the Meteor Atelier in Hatchbay. I heard they have some good materials and fine items recently. I was afraid they'd be snatched up if I was late, so I rushed over, trying to find something suitable for Carrie. I'm only free today. There will be more work tomorrow, so I thought I'd get everything done today."
Yasmin could not stop the bitter feeling rising in her heart. She said hoarsely, "You've worked hard."
"It's nothing. Everything will get better slowly."
As he spoke, Ryan took out a thin, long box from his pocket and opened it in front of Yasmin. Lying inside was a finely carved jade hairpin with a beautiful luster.
Yasmin's eyes widened in astonishment, deeply attracted by it. One look was enough for her to tell how precious it was.
"It's so pretty and perfect for Young Madam."
"How can my princess always use a pencil to tie her hair into a bun? Qnly such an expensive hairpin suits her."
A gentle light shone b
Ryan's
eyes, doting and loving.
Yasmin nodded in agreement.
"Oh, and one more thing." Ryan pulled out another box from his coat pocket and handed it to her. "This is for you."
Yasmin was stunned, hesitatingly
taking the box and opening it. A emerald green necklace was
fancy
in it, its rich color exuding a sense of timeless elegance and grace. en.swhovels.net
"Emerald signifies prosperity and growth," Ryan said lightly.
"This is too much. I can't take it."
Yasmin's hands trembled as sheet
held the box, trying to return it to Ryan in a panic, but Ryan pushed it back into her hands.
"Isn't your birthday in a few days? This is your birthday present. Take it; it's from me and Carrie."
At this point, Yasmin had no reason to refuse. She choked up, “Thank you..."
"I don't know if I could make it back to celebrate your birthday, so I'll wish you a happy birthday in advance, Yasmin.”
As his words fell, Ryan walked softly into the room, toward the one he loved.
Yasmin's reddened eyes brimmed with warm tears, and she clutched the necklace tightly in her palms, pressing it to her heart.
###chapter1735
The hospital corridor was silent early in the morning, while the lights in the operating room had been on for ten hours.
Justin's lean figure sat unmovingly on the long bench. He had a calm expression, but his heavy gaze and bulging veins on his arms revealed his nervousness.
However, the people more nervous than him were the Jones siblings sitting opposite him, Coral and Jerell.
Jerell still did not know that his sister was suffering in the Iverson family. He was in disbelief that the people who ultimately stepped in to save his father were not the Iversons, whom they had always relied on, but Bella Thompson.
After half an hour, the lights went out.
The siblings grasped each other's hand tightly, and Justin stood up.
When the door opened, Bella walked out of the operation room, dressed in green surgical robes, looking exhausted.
Her palm-sized face was covered by the mask, only revealing her clear, gentle eyes.
Justin's heart suddenly pounded wildly.
He did not notice anything usually, but when Bella wore a mask, why was she so similar to Little Dove, who fought alongside him on the battlefield back then and saved him from a rain of bullets?!
But how could it be?
Bella was the Thompson family's precious jewel. How could she appear on Kridor's battlefield and coincidentally meet him?
But her resume never mentioned that she had gone to Kridor. They loved each other, and he told her everything about him. How could she not speak a word of such a profound experience?
By a one-in-a-million chance, could Bella be the Little Dove, the one he had been searching for all this while?
Justin's hands trembled as they
clenched into fists, the air he breathed into his lungs turning into invisible blades that stirred through his insides. 
He dared not make the assumption. A bitter lump formed in his throat. Just the slightest thought pulled at his soul, almost tearing it apart.
"Ms. Bella, my father..."
Coral parted her pale and dry lips. She was filled with anxiety but did not dare to ask further, afraid of getting bad news.
Bella took off her mask, revealing
her sweaty face. She heaved a breath of relief. "The surgery was very successful, and the new kidney is functioning well in your father's body. Don't worry." 
Upon hearing it, Justin's anxious heart finally settled. He immediately went forward to hold his lover's waist gently.
Bella was indeed exhausted. She leaned into his arms, rubbing her head, which was covered in a surgical cap, against his warm chest.
"Bella, your back feels stiff. Let me give you a good massage later." The man's thin lips pressed against her ears, his breath hot.
His words were perfectly normal, but his charming and hoarse voice immediately led Bella's thoughts astray. Her cheeks flushed with a shy red.
"Great... That's wonderful!"
Jerell hugged Coral tightly and then thanked Bella. "Coral, Dad is saved! Thank you, Ms. Thompson! You have done a great favor for our family!" "As a doctor, it's what I should do."
Bella looked at Coral's tearful red eyes and curled her lips warmly. "Besides, Ms. Jones' love for her father has deeply moved me and made me think of my own father. I hope to help her." 
Immediately after, Coral kneeled in front of Bella.
###chapter1736
Bella and Justin were utterly astonished and hurriedly helped Coral up from the ground. "Ms. Jones, please get up! Please don't do this!"
Seeing his sister in such a state, Jerell was heartbroken. He teared up as he helped her up as well.
"Ms. Thompson... Thank you... Thank you..."
Coral sobbed uncontrollably, her words barely coherent. "I'll repay the kindness you've shown to my father with my life.....”
Bella gently shook her head. "You don't need to repay me anything. I just hope that you'll be completely free from James and the Iverson family."
Later, they transferred Coral's father to a VIP ward for further observation.
In the adjacent lounge, the Jones siblings sat facing Bella and Justin.
Coral lowered her eyes, trembling as she slowly rolled up her sleeves.
Seeing the dense scars on her arms, Jerell felt as if lightning had struck him. He then hugged his sister and wept.
"It's alright, Jerell. It's all in the past now." Coral comforted him with a relieved smile.
With their father's surgery now successful, she had no more concerns and was ready to move forward.
She had chosen to step out of the darkness and into the light.
Coral took out a brown envelope and placed it on the table. "Inside this envelope are some of the evidence I've gathered of James embezzling company funds, bribing officials, and using the Iverson's Bright Future Education Foundation for money laundering."
Jerell's expression was heavy with anger. "I can testify to that. I work in the Iverson Group's legal department, and James has repeatedly asked me to exploit legal loopholes and embezzle public funds for his personal gain. He even abused my sister... Even if I end up in prison and get my reputation ruined, I'll stand up and testify against his crimes to get justice for my sister!"
"Jerell..." Coral choked up, feeling a mix of emotions.
However, she knew that with the Jones and Iversons being in-laws, this fierce battle would inevitably lead to mutual destruction.
Justin and Bella focused intently on the evidence. The couple's serious demeanor and synchronized pace of flipping through the documents showed just how much they were in sync. "Actually, James once tried to kill someone to silence them."
The couple was shocked. "Who did he try to kill?!"
1.n
"Previously, the police suspected that Charles raped underage girls. One of the girls, Rachel Mead, wanted to come forward and testify against him: Back then, to protect Charles, James bribed Charles'. subordinates to attempt to kill Ms. Mead while Charles was in custody. James wasn't truly trying to help his brother either. He was simply trying to get into Lance's favor. By using Charles' men, he intended to shift the blame onto Charles if things went south, allowing himself to
escape unscathed." 
Although Bella and Justin had already considered this possibility when the incident occurred, hearing Coral's firsthand account left them shocked and emotionally stirred.
With tears in her eyes, Coral shook her head in guilt and helplessness. "Back then... I was right there. I heard James brazenly plot the murder of an innocent young girl. Yet, I had no power to stop him. If I ever dared to ask a question, he would beat me mercilessly..."
"Ms. Jones, you don't need to blame yourself for this."
Bella held Coral's hand firmly, without a trace of reproach. "Rachel was a victim, and so were you. Despite being trapped in the darkness, you did your best to protect yourself and your family. You've done incredibly well, if I were in your position, I might not have lasted as long." 
"But too bad... I didn't record what he said at the time," Coral said regretfully.
"Even if you had, it wouldn't have been really useful."
Justin set down the documents in
his hand. His eyes were dark with contemplation as he calmly analyzed the situation. "Firstly, secretly recorded evidence isn't admissible in court. Secondly, Ms. Mead is currently safe and sound. So, James could even turn the tables and accuse you of slander and defamation. Another issue is the power of these pieces of evidence. 
"For James, the eldest son of the Iverson family, who owns one of the four major conglomerates, these pieces of evidence aren't strong enough to cause any damage to him. Despite Lance's current favoritism toward Christopher, he wouldn't easily abandon his eldest son.
"No matter what happens, Lance will protect James. While these pieces of evidence could convict him, it might only be a formality. With their top legal team, James could be out of prison in less than two years.
###chapter1737
Coral furrowed her brows in frustration. "W-What should we do then? Is the law really powerless against these tycoons?" "Justin means we need more explosive evidence."
Bella locked eyes with Justin, as if she could see straight into his heart. "To bring James down, we need to strike hard and leave him with no chance of recovery. We need both the law and society to condemn him."
Justin's eyes flickered. The intense resonance of their shared determination filled him with adrenaline. He instinctively wrapped his arm around her shoulders. His hand was warm and damp on her shoulder. Only Bella truly understood him.
Coral lowered her head in thought. After a while, she looked up at them with determination.
"James has a vile habit of secretly recording his deeds. He uses the Bright Future Education Foundation funds to coerce those girls into exchanging favors for resources. He assaults them too. Worse still, he records these acts and stores the videos on an encrypted computer, occasionally watching them for his own pleasure. Even when we were together, he would play those videos."
Just hearing this filled the others with rage, but Coral spoke with a calmness that belied the horrors she described.
"Coral... James is a monster!" Jerell's heart shattered.
Their family's cherished little princess had suffered unimaginably after marrying into the Iverson family.
Bella tightly grasped Coral's hand. "Ms. Jones, is there any way you can copy those videos?"
"I wish I could. However, the computer is in his study, hidden and encrypted. Besides, he rarely lets anyone into his study. Even if I got in, I wouldn't be able to access his computer," Coral said, feeling utterly dejected.
"As long as you can access his computer, I can remotely crack his password and retrieve the files!" Bella said it with confidence.
"Bella is an expert hacker. James' tricks are nothing to her," Justin said, immediately praising his beloved. His eyes were full of admiration and love.
The Jones siblings were stunned.
This was like the real-life version of "Domino".
No, more like "Mr. and Mrs. Smith"!
Coral's eyes were filled with determination. "If that's the case, I'll do everything in my power to copy the files for you."
Bella nodded, her eyes filled with concern. "But promise me, don't put yourself in danger. On top of everything, you must ensure your own safety."
On the way back from the hospital, lan drove while Justin sat in the back, holding his petite partner close to him.
The two leaned against each other closely. Bella had accomplished something significant, and the joy replaced the pent-up emotions ske had been harboring for days. She playfully hooked her arms argund his neck and hummed a cheerful tune. 
At first, Justin just smiled as he watched her.
Slowly, her playful demeanor seduced him irresistibly. He lowered his head and captured her soft, crimson lips, kissing her without restraint.
As a professional secretary, lan quickly raised the privacy screen.
Justin held Bella's waist, gently pressing his body down on hers, kissing tenderly with deep breaths and soft moans.
After a while, fearing he could not control his desires any longer, he stopped kissing her but held her close to his chest, where she was melting in his embrace. "Bella, I have a question for you. Do you think you can answer that question for me?"
"Mmm..." Bella hummed softly against his shoulder.
Justin felt his throat dry. He hesitated for a moment before he spoke. Have you really never been to Kridor? Have we really never met before we got married?" 
Time passed as seconds ticked away.
There was no movement from his lovely partner in his arms.
Until he heard the steady rhythm of her breathing rise and fall by his ear, he could only smile helplessly when he realized that his petite lover had long since fallen asleep. 
###chapter1738
Chapter 1738
Ryan carried his beloved wife back to their bedroom.
In just a few swift movements, he removed the white cotton dress stained with paint from her body and carried her into the bathroom.
Steam filled the bathtub as Ryan carefully placed her inside. Afraid he could not control himself, he stayed by the tub, rolling up the sleeves of his black shirt and gently wiping her delicate, fragile skin.
He noticed how the girl, once slightly plump from his care, had recently become thinner again. He had noticed her flat belly, delicate collarbones, and pointed chin.
Ryan pursed his lips tightly. He could not help but feel his heart ache.
Suddenly, he began to regret his decision.
If he had not taken on this task, he could have spent every day with Carrie. They could have lived a simple and happy life. Would that not be wonderful?
But if he had not fought for the position, the Hoffman Group would have fallen into Liam's hands eventually.
No.
Even if it meant destroying the group, Ryan could not let that beast have his way.
"Um..."
Carrie slowly opened her eyes. Just as she realized she was looking at Ryan's handsome face, she suddenly woke up, stunned.
Suddenly, water splashed everywhere.
Carrie's delicate body broke the water's surface, her slender arms tightly embracing his neck as she burst into tears.
Hot tears fell on Ryan's shoulders as he held her smooth body in his arms, wishing he could embed her into his flesh and blood. He got scared.
"What's wrong? Why are you crying all of a sudden? Did anyone do something to you, love?"
Ryan asked nervously, but Carrie just kept crying.
She was scared. She feared that Ryan would put himself in danger for her sake again.
She feared the darkness of night. She feared that she would wake up in the morning without Ryan by her side and that he would get arrested...
Back then, she feared losing him.
But now, she just wanted him to be safe.
"Can you come home earlier from now on?" Carrie asked, her eyes red and full of tears.
"So, you've missed me."
Ryan sighed in relief. He brushed his cool lips against her damp, delicate shoulder, kissing her body inch by inch until he lightly bit down on her shoulder.
"Carrie, just bear with it for a few more days. Soon, we can be together all the time."
That night, they did not make love.
Ryan had been too exhausted lately. After getting into bed and holding his beloved fiancee, he quickly fell asleep.
But Carrie lay awake, eyes open, until dawn.
In the morning, she pretended everything was normal, kneeling on the bed to fix Ryan's tie.
Ryan never used to be as meticulous as Justin in fashion. He also did not like wearing ties, finding them constricting. Ilis suits were mostly casual, and on his well-built frame, they exuded a languid yet captivating charm.
However, he could not afford to be so informal anymore.
So, Carrie learned to tie ties. At first, she was slow, and the knots did not look good, but Ryan never minded. He always wore whatever she tied for him to work.
Now, after lots of practice, she could quickly tie a perfect Windsor knot with her nimble fingers.
"It's done, Ryan."
Before Carrie could even finish her sentence, Ryan suddenly pulled her in by the waist, and his lips descended upon hers.
His tongue effortlessly pried open her teeth, his tall nose brushing against her delicate pink one, sending electrifying tingles through them.
Ryan felt his petite partner growing softer in his arms. She was like a piece of melting, creamy, delicious white chocolate.
Early in the morning, he was already feeling aroused.
###chapter1739
Chapter 1739
Suddenly, Ryan did not feel like going to work anymore.
As he kissed her rosy lips, his hand moved to loosen his tie.
"Don't..."
Carrie gasped softly, her face flushing as she caught his hand. "It's already tied perfectly. Don't ruin it. Let's wait until you come back..."
"Alright. You'll make it up to me tonight then," Ryan whispered huskily, his voice laced with desire as he nuzzled her ear.
Her cheeks flushed a deeper shade of pink, and she nodded shyly.
Yasmin had prepared breakfast. She was standing at the door, not wanting to intrude.
She could hear the intimate whispers and amorous sounds from inside the room. A smile played on her lips.
Ryan always lingered with Carrie until the very last moment before leaving.
"Darling, I have a gift for you."
Ryan lifted Carrie and placed her gently on the chair in front of the vanity. Then he opened a long jewelry box.
"Oh... It's so beautiful!" The white jade hairpin shimmered, and Carrie could not help but exclaim in awe. "I know you don't like jewelry. I've bought you a lot of jewelry before, and you never wore any. But I want you to wear this. Let me put it on for you."
Ryan stood behind her and gently lifted her silky hair. He then somewhat clumsily arranged it into a bun, as Yasmin had taught him.
For Carrie, he had done things he never thought he would.
Yet, he still felt it was not enough. He thought he owed her so much more than he was already doing.
After a while, Ryan finished arranging the bun and inserted the jade hairpin.
Although the jade hairpin was exquisite, his delicate fiancee was even more stunning. Her skin was fair, and her eyes were bright and lively, making even the finest treasures pale in comparison.
"Carrie, do you know what it means when a man ties a woman's hair?"
Ryan bent down, his voice deep and tender. "It means you are my wife. You're now my beloved wife, Carrie."
A beam of warm, clear light from outside shone on Carrie's smooth, white cheek. Her eyelashes fluttered slightly, and her ears turned crimson.
Later, Ryan strode out of the villa, with Yasmin following behind.
"Yasmin, did Carrie meet anyone at the academy in the past few days?"
Thinking of his wife crying in his arms last night and the dark circle under her eyes this morning, his heart ached.
"No, sir. Other than attending classes and painting in the studio, she hasn't met anyone."
Yasmin asked nervously, "Sir, is something wrong with Young Madam?"
"It's nothing. She might just be feeling sad because I haven't been around much lately."
"She'll be attending the academy's anniversary event later in the afternoon."
"Go with her then. She's been looking forward to it for a long time." Ryan pinched the bridge of his nose and spoke in a deep voice, "But make sure she's well protected. Nothing can happen to her."
*
At exactly 1:00 p.m., Carrie arrived at the Savrow Art Academy with Yasmin and two other bodyguards. Always reserved and introverted, Carrie feared being the center of attention, so she insisted that the bodyguards not follow her too closely.
Yasmin did not insist on doing so either. She was confident in her own skills and certain that no one could harm Carrie here.
Soon, the two of them reached the grand hall's entrance for the academy's anniversary event.
As the event time approached, the staff hung banners everywhere, colorful flags fluttered in the breeze, and laughter filled the air.
The vibrant atmosphere of youth began to soothe Carrie's nerves, and her doe-like eyes sparkled as they curved into crescents.
Yasmin watched her with a gratified smile.
Truly, letting Carrie attend school was one of the best decisions Ryan had ever made.
###chapter1740
Chapter 1740
Carrie and Yasmin walked to the venue's entrance. However, the student council members and security guards stopped them on their way.
"Sorry, you can't enter without a valid student ID."
Due to the previous incident, the academy had heightened security measures, especially for large events like this, making it hard to enter the campus.
After security denied Yasmin's entry, she looked troubled.
In any other place, she could have easily confronted those blocking her way. However, she could not do that at the academy, as she did not want to cause trouble for Carrie and make her daily school life
uncomfortable.
"Yasmin, I'll be fine."
Carrie gently squeezed Yasmin's calloused hand. "If you're still worried about me, you can wait right here. You can rush in to protect me if you're here, right?"
Reluctantly, Yasmin agreed, "Alright, I'll stay here. If you feel unwell, text me right away."
Carrie nodded obediently and followed the crowd into the hall.
Once the event began, the doors closed.
Feeling timid, Carrie avoided the front seats and found a spot in the back corner.
Upon seeing the black piano on stage, her heart clenched, and her hands trembled.
Memories she had buried-the shadows that haunted her entire student life-started to resurface, lurking in her mind.
As the anniversary event was about to start, the stage lights brightened and the hall lights dimmed.
The surrounding chatter faded away.
Carrie lowered her eyes, hesitant to look at the stage.
The black piano appeared like a monstrous creature, ready to devour her.
Just then, the sound of high heels approached from behind, stopping at her row.
Carrie kept her eyes down but sensed someone sitting beside her.
"It's been a while, Carrie."
A familiar, sultry voice laced with mockery and teasing sliced through Carrie's throat like a sharp blade, instantly halting her breathing.
She felt a chill rush through her. Her shoulders trembled with anxiety.
"Knowing my brother has your back, you seemed emboldened."
Wearing sunglasses, Zoe's vivid red lips curled into a smile with a cold sneer. "Well, after all, we used to be classmates. If you end up marrying my brother, I'll be your sister-in-law. So, it probably isn't appropriate for you to ignore me."
Carrie's breathing hitched as she tightly gripped her phone.
She recalled Yasmin's words but hesitated to text her.
After all, Zoe was Ryan's blood sister, while Yasmin was just his subordinate. What good would it do to text her? It would only complicate things for Yasmin, and Carrie did not want to embarrass her.
"What do you want to talk to me about?" Carrie's voice was barely audible.
Zoe crossed her legs, her slender fingers lightly tapping on her knee, playing an unseen melody.
However, to Carrie, it sounded deafening.
To Carrie, it was like a looming shadow.
"I want to talk to you about my brother."
Zoe's sunglasses concealed the sinister glint in her eyes. "You should know what he's been up to recently, right? He's been diligently managing the Hoffman Group. He's only a step away from the CEO position."
Carrie remained silent.
Of course, she knew. She knew how tirelessly Ryan had worked to achieve his current position. "Although Grandpa values him, the group poses challenges for him. My second uncle is Grandpa's only remaining son. He's more experienced and qualified than my brother. Even if my brother takes the CEO position, it's fraught with risks. He would be walking on thin ice. Well, I'm not even sure if a fool like you can grasp what I'm saying at all."
"I'm not a fool..."
In the face of Zoe's blatant insult, Carrie summoned unprecedented courage. Her eyes were burning red as she stared at Zoe. "I'm not a fool. Please stop calling me that from now on!"
###chapter1741
Seeing that Carrie dared to retort, Zoe was so infuriated that her manicured nails dug into the flesh of her palm.
If it were not for all the people around, she would have slapped Carrie.
Zoe took a deep breath, her crimson lips curling into a wicked smile as she leaned close to Carrie's ear and whispered mockingly, "That's right. You're not a fool. You're just mentally ill." Mentally ill.
Carrie's mind rang with a deafening buzz, a cold sweat soaking through her pristine white cotton dress.
Meanwhile, the piano on stage began to play.
The melodious music filled her ears. However, it only intensified her mental anguish.
"Carrie, you desperately want to be my brother's wife and the Young Madam of the Hoffman family. But do you think you're worthy of being his wife? You know what your illness is like. Do you think you can bear a healthy child for my brother?"
Zoe struck Carrie's most vulnerable spot with each word.
She lowered her head, her eyes moist and red. Her dress was wrinkled by her tightly clenched fingers, mirroring her heart's turmoil.
"My brother isn't just your lover. He's also the heir to the entire Hoffman Group. He'll also be the future head of the family."
Zoe maintained a composed and dignified demeanor, her voice icy. "My father's final wish before he passed was for the Hoffman family to become prestigious for generations. If you aspire to be the wife of the heir, you must be able to bear children to continue the family line. How confident are you that you can give my brother a healthy child? What if your child inherits your illness? Do you want the Hoffman bloodline to end with my brother? Do you want him to become the laughingstock of Savrow?"
Carrie shut her eyes tightly, sweat forming on her forehead.
"Even if my brother pampers you and decides not to have children, does that mean he should forsake the company too?"
Zoe continued to prey on Carrie's vulnerable mind. "My father dedicated his entire life to the Hoffman Group. How can our father rest in peace if my brother cannot inherit the company? Do you think our grandfather would accept a woman like you as the future wife of the family's heir? If my brother insists on marrying you, he will only drift further away from becoming the heir. My grandfather might even decide to let my uncle take over. If that happens, it will be your fault for ruining his life."
Each of Zoe's words slashed through Carrie's tender heart like a blade dipped in ice.
"Since you said you're not dumb, you must understand what I told you, right? If you truly love my brother, you should consider letting him go."
Having said that, Zoe began to rise from her seat.
"I won't leave Ryan," Carrie said, her head lowered.
However, her words were clear and determined.
Zoe's pupils contracted sharply. "What did you just say?"
"I love Ryan... Very, very much."
Carrie slowly raised her head, mustering all her courage to meet Zoe's cold gaze. "I've been a coward all my life. I've never fought for. anything, nor have I ever longed for anything. But now, I just want to be with Ryan." 
Zoe gritted her teeth. "You...!"
"It doesn't matter if Grandpa Hoffman doesn't like me or the Hoffman family doesn't accept me. I don't need the status. As long as can be with Ryan, I'm fine. As long as he doesn't kick me out, I won't leave him." 
When Carrie spoke, her eyes were so bright and captivating that they outshone the stars.
'What a shameless, clinging wretch!' Zoe clenched her teeth so hard they creaked. As she stormed away, her high heels clicked sharply, drawing annoyed glances from onlookers.
Yasmin patiently sat in the hallway, waiting until the anniversary event ended.
Finally, the doors opened. The students emerged with a burst of laughter, filling the hallway with their cheerful chatter.
Yasmin hurried to the entrance.
However, even after all the students had left, Carrie was nowhere to be seen.
Yasmin's heart clenched, and she rushed inside.
In the vast, empty hall, only Carrie's delicate figure sat alone, motionless, with her back facing Yasmin.
"Young Madam!"
Yasmin called out anxiously as she rushed to Carrie's side, only to suddenly halt in shock.
Before her, Carrie looked like her soul had been drained. Tears were streaming down her face.
"Young Madam, what happened?!" Yasmin quickly sat beside Carrie, fumbling for tissues to wipe her tears.
"Yasmin..."
Carrie could not stop crying. Her voice choked. "I've caused a lot of trouble for Ryan, right? Wouldn't he be better off without me?" "Young Madam, please don't think that way!"
Yasmin did not know what had
happened but immediately hugged Carrie, comforting her with patience and warmth. “Mr. Hoffman loves you more than life itself. He couldn't even live without you! Young
eline
Madam, promise me you won't have such thoughts anymore. The happiest moments in his life are when he is with you. He would give up the entire Hoffman Group before giving you up!" 
###chapter1742
In the blink of an eye, three days had passed since James was last home.
When Coral learned that he would be returning home, she went to the mall and purchased a set of extremely sexy black lace lingerie.
Not only that, she had also managed to obtain a drug that could render men insatiable.
Coral's body was full of scars. Over the past two years, she has been subjected to James' abuse, reducing her to nothing more than a tool for his gratification. To him, she had long lost any allure. So, she needed to up her game.
However, to get into James' study, she had to take the initiative and seduce him.
Time was running out, and she had to succeed no matter the risk.
That evening, James returned to the Iverson Residence.
Upon arrival, he went straight to his study, not sparing Coral a glance.
Having bathed in rose-scented lotion and smoothed her skin with body cream, Coral wrapped herself in a bathrobe, nervously carried a cup of tea, and pushed open the study's door.
James was sitting at his computer. A wicked smile played on his lips.
Hearing the door open, he immediately tensed. He glared angrily at Coral and shouted at her.
"Who allowed you to come in? Get out!"
"James."
Unexpectedly, Coral gathered her courage and walked closer to James. Her voice was soft and seductive.
It was a stark contrast to her usual fearful demeanor.
This sudden change piqued James' curiosity.
"What do you want?"
"I made you some tea. You've been working so hard recently."
Coral leaned down to place the cup on the coffee table, her cleavage tantalizingly visible.
James' eyes darkened as he focused on her chest. He then stood up and moved toward her.
He sat on the safe and drank the tea.
Coral's eyes narrowed as she untied her robe. With a slight shrug of her shoulders, the robe slipped to the floor, revealing her bare skin. "James... Can you have me tonight?"
James' pupils contracted, his blood surging with desire.
The drug's effect, combined with the sight of her alluring body, made him lose control. He grabbed her arm roughly, pulling her into his lap. Just then, feigning clumsiness, Coral spilled the remaining tea on him.
"Oh no! James, I didn't mean to spill it on you!"
"It's okay, babe. It doesn't matter," James reassured her, holding her tightly, whispering dirty talks, and kissing her neck impatiently.
"We don't have to rush into it... You should clean yourself up first," Coral suggested, gently pushing him away. Her face flushed with feigned modesty, which only enticed him further. 
Having abstained for three days, James was eager for proper lovemaking. So he kissed her passionately and tugged at his tie before hurrying into the bathroom to clean himself up.
As soon as he left, Coral wiped her mouth in disgust. She then sprang to her feet and rushed to the computer.
She took a USB drive hidden in her hair and quickly inserted it into the computer.
Bella had given the USB drive to her. She promised to stay up all night to assist Coral.
Seconds later, a dialog box popped up on the screen, showing the virus installation in progress.
The progress bar then began to fill.
Meanwhile, at Yara Park, Justin sat
next to Bella, watching her fingers fly across the keyboard with
breathtaking speed. The dazzling scene he once witnessed happened again before his eyes. 
"How long will it take?" Justin asked nervously.
"A typical hacker would need five minutes, but that's too long for our situation. I need to crack it in three minutes if possible!"
Bella stared at the screen as lines of
green code scrolled past like an unreadable script. Her blood was boiling, and sweat beaded on her forehead. "We can't get in touch with Coral, but I know she tried hard to get close to James. Every extra minute she spends there increases the risk of her getting in trouble!" 
###chapter1743
Justin's jaw clenched, anxious for both Coral and Bella.
However, his hacking skills were limited to the five-minute mark. So, he was unable to be of much help.
At times like this, he had to depend on his beloved Bella.
The sound of rushing water echoed from the bathroom.
Coral stared fixedly at the progress bar on the screen. It had reached 50%.
Her heart pounded wildly, almost reaching her throat.
If James discovered she had tampered with his computer tonight, that beast would surely kill her.
60%, 70%, 80%...
Just as the progress bar reached 90%, it suddenly stopped.
At the same time, the water sound from the bathroom stopped too.
In an instant, Coral's heart raced. She was drenched in a cold sweat from head to toe.
When she heard James' footsteps approaching the bathroom door, her heart sank in despair.
She thought, 'My life is over...'
However, just as the bathroom door opened, that last 10% loaded in an instant, and the dialog box disappeared from the screen. Coral quickly unplugged the USB drive and threw it into the deepest corner of the bookshelf.
Her nervous heart finally settled, and a relieved smile crept onto her lips.
That night, Bella and Justin stayed up all night, watching the videos stored on James' computer.
The room in the video echoed with the desperate cries and agonized screams of the victims. It was like a vision of hell on earth. Among these videos, two featured Coral herself.
James clearly intended to use these as leverage, keeping Coral and her family under his control forever.
By the time they finished watching, dawn had begun to break.
Bella closed the laptop, her eyes red as she leaned into Justin's broad chest, tears streaming down her face silently.
"I wonder how Ms. Jones is doing now..."
"Ms. Jones is a smart woman. Fortune favors the brave. She'll be fine," Justin reassured Bella, gently rubbing her shoulder and pressing a warm kiss to her lips, trying to
soothe her anxious heart.
"I should've used a safer method. Even if it's going to take longer, I shouldn't have let her take such a risk."
Bella trembled with guilt in Justin's arms. "I was so afraid that she'd end up like Linny..."
Understanding the depth of her
psychological trauma, Justin tenderly kissed her cold hands and fingertips, whispering softly, "She е won't. Despite her family's downfall, she's still the heiress of the Jones family and a rightful member of the Iverson family. James won't be able to harm her easily." 
Upon hearing this, Bella snuggled closer to Justin's chest, her emotions slowly calming down.
"So, no matter what, we must bring James down this time. It's the best justice we can offer Coral and all the girls he's harmed."
Meanwhile, at Pivotage, Christopher immersed himself in the evidence he had gathered against James. However, his demeanor reflected a mixture of amusement and mockery.
At the same time, a share transfer agreement lay before him.
It was the second gift he planned to present to his eldest brother.
Once Christopher secured these shares from James, he would have absolute control over the entire Iverson Group. Then, he could easily oust Lance from power with@ust a word. 
At the thought of this, his lips could not help but curl into a crazed smile.
Just then, Taylor walked in with a tray of freshly poured red wine.
"Mr. Iverson, something's been up with the Hoffmans recently."
###chapter1744
Christopher elegantly lifted his wine glass, his eyes reflecting a hint of laziness.
"What's going on with them? Tell me all about it."
"Old Master Logan is getting on in years and wishes to step back. He's already decided to appoint Ryan as his successor. Ryan will be the Hoffman Group's new CEO and Vice Chairman of the Board. The news has spread throughout the entire Hoffman Group. After next week's board meeting, he'll officially take over the company."
"Is that supposed to be fresh news? Who in the industry doesn't know that?" Christopher scoffed.
"At this critical juncture, the Hoffmans are embroiled in a fierce internal strife. Logan's son, Liam, didn't get to inherit the company. Instead, he watched as his nephew surpassed him. I bet he's seething with rage."
"What use is that? It's nothing but impotent fury. If Liam had any real ability, he would've claimed the position when Ryan's father died. Why would he need to wait until now for his nephew to surpass him?" Christopher suddenly narrowed his eyes and stared at Taylor. "You didn't come here just to tell me these useless things, right? What else have you found out?"
"I've heard that Liam and Zoe have been getting close. They've secretly allied to retaliate against Ryan."
Taylor's face turned grim. "You might as well intervene now. You can help them out and give the brat, Ryan, some trouble. If they succeed, you can vent your anger. If they don't, Liam and Zoe will take the blame. No matter how big the trouble, it won't affect you."
Being astute, Christopher naturally understood Taylor's hint.
In truth, whether the Hoffman Group prospered or not had little to do with Christopher.
Among the four prominent families, the Hoffmans ranked fourth. His real competitor in Savrow had always been the Salvador Corporation, not the Hoffman Group.
But he still decided to make a move against Ryan solely because Ryan was Justin's only best friend.
Only by striking Ryan could Justin really feel the pain.
"Taylor, you're starting to do things more to my liking."
Christopher lightly adjusted his gold-rimmed glasses, picked up his phone, and dialed Zoe's number.
Wyatt's condition was gradually
stabilizing. However, the
Thompsons were still concerned about him. So, they took turns staying by his side, caring for him meticulously every day. They even managed to make this handsome ofa man gain ten pounds 
Despite gaining weight, Wyatt could honestly say that these days were the happiest he had in nearly twenty years since his wife passed away.
He did not want his children to surround him daily out of filial duty. He just wanted to see them often, especially Bella.
As if to make up for the lost years of father-daughter bonding, the old man started to act a bit childish, insisting on seeing Bella every day. He became quite difficult to deal with. 
Tonight, Bella and Justin had dinner with the old man in his bedroom. She picked up a piece of rib and fed it to his mouth. "Come on, Wyatt. Open your mouth!"
Wyatt beamed with delight. Just as he opened his mouth, Bella added, "Come and try Justin's cooking."
Wyatt immediately shut his mouth, his appetite vanishing in an instant.
Feeling awkward, Justin pursed his thin lips tightly. He felt embarrassed in front of his future father-in-law. "Oh, come on, you!"
Bella pouted playfully, furrowing her
delicate brows. She used her left
hand to pry open her father's mouth
and stuffed the rib into his mouth as if she were force-feeding a duck. "This is Justin's heartfelt effort. He
spent over an hour making it. You can't just ignore his kindness!"
"You little brat, always siding with your man! Are you trying to make me choke?" Wyatt grumbled, chewing the meat reluctantly.
However, he had to admit that it tasted pretty good. Justin's cooking skills had improved quite a bit.
When it came to Bella, Justin had never been anything but sincere. His actions were always full of genuine care and affection for Bella.
###chapter1745
Chapter 1745
Just then, someone knocked on the door.
A well-matched couple stepped in. It was Asher and Arnold.
"Dad."
"Chairman Thompson, how are you feeling today?" Arnold asked gently, standing beside the man he loved.
Wyatt glanced at his son before turning his kind gaze to Arnold's clean, handsome face, teasing, "Why so formal all of a sudden? Why aren't you calling me Dad today?"
Bella and Justin looked surprised.
The fair-skinned Arnold blushed deeply at the remark. He lowered his long eyelashes as he became flustered.
Seeing how shy Arnold became, Asher felt a warmth in his heart. He took Arnold's sweaty hand and intertwined their fingers tightly.
"Dad, Arnold is quite shy. Please don't tease him like that."
Bella's beautiful eyes curved into crescents as she watched the couple, a wide smile spreading across her face. 'Ah, love certainly changes people. The once aloof Asher is now adept at protecting his beloved.'
Wyatt gave them a meaningful look. Then, his gaze eventually settled on their clasped hands. Suddenly, his brows furrowed.
"Ash, what happened to your fingernails? Why are they so dark?"
Asher was momentarily stunned. He looked down and then smiled warmly. "Arnold loves nuts. Last night, I went out to buy some roasted chestnuts and spent all night peeling them for him. It's probably from the chestnut shells,"
Arnold's heart was pounding, his blush deepening adorably.
He was extremely nervous. Given Asher's esteemed status, it was unimaginable that his hands, once used to sign important documents and grand plans, were now used as tools to peel chestnuts. What kind of parent would be happy with that?
However, instead of being angry, Wyatt said casually, "Ah, that's fine then. I thought you had nail fungus. I was worried you might pass it on to Arnold. How would he treat patients then?"
Arnold was speechless.
Bella and Justin were also at a loss for words.
Asher's fingers curled around Arnold's hand. He then spoke with a mix of amusement and frustration in his tone, "Dad, can't you think of me nicely for once?"
But everyone could see it clearly.
Wyatt had truly accepted Arnold.
After some warm and lighthearted conversation, Wyatt finished his meal with Bella's coaxing.
"Dad, we need to start preparing. We'll be heading to Meridan in a couple of days."
Asher exchanged a deep look with Arnold. "I've contacted the best rehabilitation center there and had
everything arranged for you already. Arnold has also found two of the most authoritative neurology experts in Meridan for you. They'll consult you as soon as you arrive."
"Thanks, kids. That's very thoughtful of you guys," Wyatt said, his eyes filled with gratitude but also a hint of reluctance.
Bella gently furrowed her brows. "Wyatt, why do you look so down? Are you still clinging to your empire? Your health is far more important than making money."
"It's not that I can't let go of my empire. I just can't let go of you kids, especially you. You little rascal." Wyatt sighed, his nose tingling with emotion. He then gently poked Bella on the forehead. "I don't know how long this treatment will take, and I've just started enjoying having you all around. How can I bear to leave?"
Bella's heart filled with bitterness as tears welled up in her almond-shaped eyes.
Justin noticed, silently moving behind her and gently stroking her thin back with his warm hand.
He knew she was also reluctant to part with her father. Though she was tough and disliked being sentimental, he understood how deeply she loved her father.
"Dad, I've handed over all the KS Group's affairs to Bella in the past few days. She'll officially take over by the end of the month at the latest," Asher said, his gaze heavy with deep expectations as he looked at his younger sister.
Wyatt nodded thoughtfully, then held his daughter's hand and gave it a squeeze. "Darling, are you sure you can handle it?"
###chapter1746
Chapter 1746
"If I can't do it, no one else in this world can." Bella snorted proudly, full of confidence.
"With Asher and I not around to protect you, don't go being all reckless and wild. But also, don't try to handle everything on your own when things get tough. Make sure to talk to us. Or ask your husband for advice. Let him help you out or take the bullet for you if needed..."
"Wyatt, Justin's my husband, not a human shield. What do you mean by 'take the bullet'?" Bella pouted in frustration.
However, Justin remained composed, his eyes filled with gentle affection. "Father-in-law, please don't worry. Even if it's a hail of bullets, I will protect her at all costs."
Bella's eyes welled up, and her heart warmed. She leaned into his embrace, feeling like a drifting boat that had finally found a permanent, safe harbor.
"Mr. Salvador."
Wyatt suddenly addressed him formally, causing Justin's nerves to tighten. He quickly responded, "Yes, Father-in-law."
"My daughter is still young, impulsive, and often acts without thinking. Please take good care of her and don't let anyone bully her," Wyatt said, his voice heavy with emotion, almost choking up.
Justin's heart surged with emotion as he tightly held Bella's delicate hand and nodded firmly.
After leaving Wyatt's room, Bella and Justin headed toward their own room.
Within a few steps, Bella threw herself into Justin's embrace, resting her head on his shoulder as she wept softly.
Justin's shirt quickly became soaked with Bella's warm tears. He held her close, his own heart heavy, and gently consoled her.
The once strong-willed young lady now cried easily, but he didn't find it annoying at all. Instead, he wanted to cherish every tear she shed, wanting to spoil her without any limits.
"You're worried about Wyatt, aren't you?" Justin kissed the back of her ear, his deep, husky voice lingering.
"How can I not be... We don't know how long this will take or if he will recover," Bella said, her reddened nose brushing against his neck and her warm breath causing his eyes to glisten.
"He will recover. He definitely will..."
In the dimly lit hallway, they held each other tightly, sharing a deep, tender kiss.
Bella's delicate body trembled slightly in his embrace. Her beautiful eyes were misty as she let out a soft moan, overwhelmed by the kiss. "Oh heavens..."
Justin's kissing skills were becoming increasingly masterful. He knew exactly how to tease her and arouse her. The mingling of their lips and tongues created a heady, tingling pleasure that momentarily drove away her inner turmoil.
"Let's go to the bedroom," Bella whispered, her arms around his neck and her eyes and voice tinged with desire.
"Alright."
Justin's eyes darkened with lust. He lifted her effortlessly, continuing to kiss her as he walked forward. However, after just a couple of steps, they ran into Mila and Sasha, who were hurrying toward them. "Oh my goodness! God save us! We didn't mean to interrupt!" Mila quickly covered her eyes.
Sasha also covered her eyes, exclaiming, "Ah! I didn't see anything. I'm blind!"
Bella quickly jumped out of Justin's embrace, her face flushed with embarrassment.
"Aunt Mila, Aunt Sasha, I'm sorry! It's all my fault."
Justin wrapped his arm around Bella's waist, his voice low, husky, and seductive. "It's my fault. I couldn't help myself."
Bella wanted to shut his mouth. He was only making it worse!
"Aunt Mila, Aunt Sasha, you came over in such a hurry. Is something wrong?"
"Bella, there's trouble at the door!" Sasha gritted her teeth.
###chapter1747
Chapter 1747
Outside the gates of Yara Park, Christopher stood alone under the streetlamp as the evening breeze blew around him, waiting for the person he had been longing for.
It was unclear how much time had passed when the gates finally opened.
Bella appeared, wearing only a thin, light blue dress. Her eyes were as deep and dark as ink, and her gaze was sharp as she walked toward him with determined steps.
"Bella," Christopher said as his eyes lit up with joy.
Seeing Bella dressed so lightly, he hurriedly took off his suit jacket, intending to drape it over her shoulders. He looked worried and said, "Bella, why didn't you wear a coat? It's so cold, you'll catch a cold."
"Don't touch me!" Bella's beautiful eyes were cold as she abruptly stepped back.
It was as if the man before her was a venomous snake ready to strike her at any moment, ending her life with just a single bite.
Christopher's arms awkwardly froze, and his already pale complexion grew even more ashen.
"Christopher, don't push your luck."
Bella's eyes were filled with intense hatred, and the words she forced through her gritted teeth were sharp and cold. "I came out here just to see how low and shameless you can be. I'm here to learn from your despicable behavior."
She continued, "You must be really naive if you think I don't know who's behind the incident involving Asher and Arnold. Did you really think hiding behind James and pulling the strings would keep you safe? You clearly underestimated me!"
Bella's blunt accusation didn't seem to faze Christopher's composed demeanor, but his eyes reddened and his voice became hoarse and shaky, as if he were deeply hurt. "Bella, I swear I didn't do it!"
He continued, "Even if I've made mistakes before, I had nothing to do with what happened to Asher this time. I only learned about it through the news!"
His lies were slick and effortless. He had said them so often that he almost convinced himself that they
were true.
"Besides, what's the point of me framing Asher? I'm already the CEO of the Iverson Group. I've already got what I wanted, why would I take that kind of risk and do something unnecessary? James is the culprit here. He's the one with a reason to do it, the one who's eager to take down Asher to win my father's favor and regain his trust!"
Bella stared at him without blinking, her rosy lips curling into a mocking smile. "Christopher, have you really gotten what you wanted?"
Christopher was stunned.
"I know what you want. The infighting within the Iverson family has nothing to do with me. I don't care whether you live or die."
Bella's eyes burned with anger, as if her entire being were engulfed in flames. "But if you dare to lay your fingers on my family, my friends, or my lover, I'll be sure to remember it all. One day, I'll make you pay twice as much for it. I'll make sure you can't live or die in peace!"
'Can't live or die in peace. Those cruel words hurt Christopher deeply. His very was being torn apart
brutally by Bella's intense, fiery gaze. Yet, after that brief anguish, Christopher felt a strange sense of excitement.
He thought, 'Bella, you may have given all your love to Justin, but you've directed all your hatred towards me. Doesn't that mean a part of your heart is still with me? You can't deny that you think of me and that I hold a unique place in your heart.'
A tender feeling filled Christopher's eyes, and he suddenly opened his arms, trying to embrace her.
A shiver ran down Bella's spine. Panicked, she tried to back away, but his cold hand had already grabbed
her shoulder. An overwhelming sense of sickness swirled within her chest.
Just when Bella was about to fight back, a strong figure suddenly stood in front of her.
"Justin!"
Justin's arrival filled Bella's heart with warmth, instantly dispelling all the chill she had felt.
In the next moment, Justin punched Christopher's cheek.
The force behind this punch seemed to be unleashing a pent-up anger that had been building for a long time, making its impact formidable.
Christopher's vision blurred with agony, his head throbbing intensely.
Though skilled in combat, he had exerted all his strength to withstand the blow, yet it was not enough. He stumbled back a few steps before collapsing heavily to the ground.
"Christopher, if you dare to lay your hands on my wife, you will face a grave consequence."
Justin looked cold and stern as he glared down at the man on the ground, his eyes burning with murderous intent.
Initially, he had been content to watch from afar, not intending to intervene. But he could no longer hold back after seeing this man's filthy hands attempting to violate his beloved wife.
His chest felt suffocated, as if it were being stampeded by a thousand wild beasts.
Justin removed his jacket and wrapped it around Bella's delicate frame, pulling her in close. In a low and hoarse voice, he asked, "Were you afraid?"
Bella shook her head, grinning, and snuggled up to his chest. Christopher's heart ached at their intimate connection.
###chapter1748
In fact, the punch Christopher received earlier did not hurt as much as the sight before him.
"Mr. Iverson! Are you alright?!"
Taylor, who had been waiting in the shadows, was terrified and immediately ran over to help his boss.
"I'm fine." Christopher staggered to his feet, swallowing the blood in his mouth, his gaze fixed on Justin with a sinister and ruthless intensity, like a starved hyena.
"If you can't accept it, we can settle this between just the two of us." Justin's cold, piercing gaze bore down on Christopher like a massive stone pressing on his chest. "I'll even let you use both hands." Hearing this, Bella grew alarmed, tugging anxiously on Justin's muscular arm.
She thought, 'What a fool... Why is he talking about honor and fairness with this bastard? He should just hold Christopher's head down and beat him to a pulp!'
"Hmm... There's no need for that." Christopher didn't want to get into a fist fight with Justin in front of the woman he loved. Instead, he chose to suppress his anger.
Christopher wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth with his thumb and said, "I just have bad luck."
As he spoke, he pulled an invitation card from his suit and handed it to Bella. "Bella, the Iverson family is hosting a party this weekend. I came to personally deliver this invitation to you."
His eyes were filled with affection, and he smiled as if nothing had happened moments ago.
Bella looked down, staring coldly at the invitation. For some reason, this fearless young lady felt a tinge of unease toward the man who claimed to love her.
A person with no moral boundaries or dignity was terrifying.
Justin snatched the invitation from Christopher's hand, his left arm encircling Bella's slender waist and his right hand extending the envelope to her.
Using Justin's hand for support, Bella pulled the card from the envelope and opened it in front of Christopher.
After a quick glance, she let out a cold laugh and threw the card at his feet.
"Mr. Iverson, add my husband's name to the invitation and send me a new copy. I might actually show up if I'm in a good mood."
With that, Bella turned to Justin and said, "Justin, let's go home."
Justin nodded in agreement, their eyes meeting affectionately. "Alright."
Disregarding Christopher's stunned expression, the couple embraced each other as they turned and walked away, disappearing through the gates of Yara Park.
"Justin... This is outrageous! Has he
lost his damn mind?!" Taylor
exclaimed, glancing anxiously at Christopher's swollen cheek. "Mr. Iverson, let me take you to the hospital immediately!" 
"That won't be necessary," Christopher replied, his brow furrowed as he stepped on the card, crushing it. "Head back and prepare a revised copy, then deliver ito Ms. Thompson." 
"Yes, Mr. Iverson," Taylor responded.
He felt greatly for his master's unfair treatment, muttering indignantly, "Mr. Iverson, after such humiliation, are you really just going to let this slide? That's not like you!"
"A gentleman's revenge is best served cold. Besides, if I were to confront Justin now, it would only upset Bella."
Christopher narrowed his eyes
slightly, his tongue pressing against
his throbbing left cheek. "But if
taking a punch from Justin would give Bella some peace of mind, then that punch would be worth it."
At that moment, his phone vibrated.
It was a message from Zoe. [Sir, there's currently someone causing trouble that I need you to get rid of. Otherwise, my plan will be difficult to execute.]
Christopher raised an eyebrow, seeming pleased by the formal manner of address.
He replied. [Who?]
Zoe sent a name.
Christopher typed. [I'll arrange for someone to assist you. Don't worry.]
Zoe responded. [Thank you, sir! Once everything is done, I'll repay you well!]
An unsettling coldness crept into Christopher's dark eyes as he sent another text. [The best repayment is to severely injure Ryan.]
###chapter1749
Time flew by, and the weekend had finally arrived.
That evening at the Iverson Residence, the massive fountain in the central courtyard roared back to life, and the grand hallway was decked out with an abundance of lush flowers like a luxurious palace.
The guests, with their elegant attire and refined manners, gathered in the grand hall. The glasses clinked, and their cheerful conversations filled the air.
Since Astrid's severe sentencing and Charles' tragic death in prison, a series of poor business decisions have caused Iverson Group's stock to plummet. The entire Iverson family had never before faced such a devastating blow, and the atmosphere had been gloomy for quite some time. However, tonight was an exception.
Accompanied by James and Coral, Lance was mingling among the guests. They basked in niceties and compliments they had not received in a long time. His contentment was apparent even without words. "Look! Isn't Mrs. Iverson wearing the gown designed by Ms. Roza Walker?!"
"Indeed! Roza Walker's design has a unique touch to it. It's absolutely gorgeous!"
"It's true that clothes make the man. Coral used to be like an accessory next to James, but tonight, she's really standing out on her own."
As the compliments poured in from all around, James stood tall, beaming with pride. Whenever his wife was praised, his face would light up, and he felt a deep sense of satisfaction.
"Coral, you've really made me proud tonight."
James tenderly caressed Coral's delicate hand and murmured softly in her ear, "Once we get back, I'll make sure to reward you well."
Coral forced a charming smile, despite feeling disgusted.
"Where's Christopher?" Lance frowned as he looked around. "How can he be missing at such an important time?"
"I heard from Taylor that he went to personally welcome a distinguished guest," Coral responded beside him.
"Hmph, his so-called distinguished guest? Could it be that woman from the Thompson family?" James sneered disdainfully. Coral lowered her eyes and remained silent.
Lance's face turned gloomy, and he said angrily, "I heard that Justin has long been in cahoots with Wyatt. Rumor has it that he has been staying at Yara Park for quite some time now, and the entire Thompson family has fully accepted him Remarrying Bella seems to be just a matter of time! Why can't Christopher just give up on that wretched girl? How long will he continue to be stubborn?" 
At that moment, a secretary hurried over.
"Chairman Iverson, Ms. Thompson and Mr. Salvador have arrived."
The expressions of the Iverson father and son changed abruptly, mirroring each other in an equally unpleasant manner.
They had sent an invitation to the Salvador family, but it was intended for Gregory, not Justin. They didn't expect Gregory to be replaced by this pair of troublemakers.
A top-tier luxury car was parked right in the center of the entrance. The first to step out was Justin, dressed in a sleek black evening suit.
His strikingly handsome features and commanding presence exuded an undeniable air of authority, drawing the attention of all the guests the moment he appeared. Yet this distinguished figure was now assuming the role of an attendant.
At that moment, a delicate, porcelain-like hand emerged from the car. With a gentle smile, Justin took hold of Bella's hand, gracefully helping her out of the vehicle.
Tonight, the young lady was
adorned in a simple yet elegant off-shoulder mermaid gown, its
white fabric accentuating her slender waist and the alluring curves of her mature, feminine figure. 
"Bella, are you feeling cold?" Justin whispered low in her ear, his large hand resting on her slender waist, giving a slight squeeze to the soft flesh he found so irresistible. 
"I'm fine. We'll be inside in just a few steps," Bella replied, smiling up at him with sparkling eyes as he held her close.
The stunning couple were eye-catching. Wherever they went, they naturally became the center of attention.
###chapter1750
"Justin! Bella!"
The couple turned around in unison, their faces lighting up with joy.
"Ryan, Carrie!"
Under the glittering lights, Ryan, in his impeccably tailored suit, walked toward them with his petite and lovely fiancee, exuding a smile of pure happiness. Ryan and Carrie were unmistakably a sweet couple. Carrie obediently followed him, dressed in an elegant light purple gown, her hair adorned with the white jade hairpin Ryan had gifted her, a cherished accessory she wore almost every day. Though still somewhat shy and nervous, Carrie had come a long way from her previous tendencies to retreat at the sight of people. Most importantly, tonight, she wasn't clutching onto her teddy bear. Bella watched with heartfelt satisfaction. In some ways, Carrie's condition seemed to have eased. It was clear that Ryan cherished and loved her wholeheartedly, giving her an irreplaceable sense of security. Ryan, who was proudly showing off his beloved woman, inevitably attracted attention and gossip around them.
"Who's the girl by Mr. Hoffman's side? She's as beautiful as a porcelain doll."
"That's Ms. Carrie, the fourth young lady of the Salvador family!"
"Oh! You mean the youngest daughter of Chairman Salvador? She's also Shannon's daughter, right?"
"Yes, she and Ms. Bethany both share the same mother."
"Tsk tsk, even though they're sisters born from the same womb, their destinies are completely different. That woman, Bethany, is said to have a worse reputation in the Savrow social circle than her deceased mother. Despite being the Salvador family's heiress, no respectable family dares to propose marriage to her. Look at Ms. Carrie; not only is she as beautiful as a flower, but she's also deeply favored by Mr. Hoffman. With Mr. Hoffman set to inherit the Hoffman family empire, her future is boundless.
These words reached Ryan's ears as he walked past, causing a smile to form on his face. Without hesitating, he pulled Carrie close by the waist, pressing her delicate frame tightly against his chest.
"Mm..."
w
Her soft lips were sealed by Ryan, and her long eyelashes fluttered as their breaths intertwined. Her heart raced, the watery depths of her eyes mirroring the twinkling stars in his gaze, stirring up ripples like a disturbed pond. 
Gasps sounded around them.
"Too much public display of affection! Way too much!"
"He adores her!"
Ryan believed that he should boldly express his affection and let the whole world know of Carrie's existence.
After all, this was a public occasion, and there were countless pairs of eyes watching. Ryan did not dare to kiss her too passionately because he was afraid he could not hold himself back. 
As their lips parted, Carrie's cheeks were flushed from the passionate kiss, making her even more charming and adorable.
"Mr. Salvador, is tonight lively enough for you?"
Ryan embraced his petite fiancee's shoulder, raising his eyebrows teasingly. "I'm here to show off my wife to the world."
Just as Justin was about to speak, a beam of light from a nearby spotlight dazzled them.
A luxurious Bentley came to a stop.
A well-dressed young man stepped out, exuding elegance and sophistication in every movement, clearly of high status.
After steadying himself, he adjusted
his tie, then gallantly escorted a
woman dressed in a dazzling golden evening gown out of the car, shimmering like a radiant bulb. en.swhovels.net
It was none other than Zoe Hoffman.
###chapter1751
"Zoe, be careful."
The man spoke to Zoe in a gentle tone, bending down to meticulously adjust her elaborate gown, afraid she might trip over her high heels and embarrass herself.
"Thank you, Jason." Zoe blinked her big eyes flirtatiously, her voice was soft and sultry.
The sudden appearance of this troublesome woman disrupted the warm atmosphere.
Ryan was well aware that Zoe would surely show up on such occasions. Having just escaped from her exile, Zoe was eager to regain attention from the upper social circles and reclaim her lost dignity. He thought that after experiencing such disgrace, the respectable people of Savrow would no longer care about her. However, he did not expect men to be fawning over her.
One was arrogant, while the other was bitchy. It was quite a good match.
Justin looked puzzled, but Bella smoothly intervened. "That's Jason Solloway, the only son of Mayor Solloway."
"Bella, I don't even know who that guy is, and yet you recognize him?" Justin held the hand of the young woman tightly, his gaze filled with admiration and adoration as he looked at her.
Bella explained, "It's understandable that you don't recognize him. Jason is not involved in politics or the social scene here in Savrow. He's been studying overseas in Inalia and probably just returned home recently."
As she spoke, Bella glanced at Zoe and Jason with a deep, mysterious look in her eyes.
"Back when I took over the KS Hotel from Wyatt, I knew I would eventually inherit the entire KS group. So I quietly looked into the politics and business scene in Savrow," Bella said with a chuckle.
"At that time, I was determined to crush the Salvador family under my feet and compete with you. I put a ton of work into gathering information as I was planning to make a big splash in Savrow. But who would've thought..."
Justin chucked. "That you'd end up as the young madam of the Salvador Corporation, right?"
He lowered his head, his warm breath brushing against her cheek.
"It's all your fault that my grand ambitions were never fully realized," Bella said playfully.
"Bella, everything I have is yours," Justin responded, gazing at her lovely face while his large hand caressed her waist. "It's not that your ambitions weren't achieved. You've already won me over without spilling a single drop of blood."
Bella pursed her lips and shook her head. "Justin, what's yours is yours. You earned them through your struggles. As long as I have you, that's all I need. What makes me happiest isn't you just giving in to me or putting me first, but that I can stand at the top alongside you."
Justin was deeply shaken, his eyes welling up with tears.
When Zoe saw that Ryan had actually brought that fool along, she felt so bitter that she looked like an angry, battered rooster.
"Zoe, let's go inside," Jason said, his gaze toward her tense.
"Just a moment, I'll introduce you to someone."
Jason looked confused and asked, "Who?"
Zoe pulled him towards Ryan and said, "Ryan, Justin, I'm so happy to see you here!" Zoe greeted them with an audacious lack of shame, carrying on as if nothing was wrong. Justin's brow furrowed with a threatening intensity, his fist clenched tightly and unwavering. Bella's soft hand encompassed his unyielding grip, her gaze intently fixed on his reddened eyes. Her tranquil stare, like a calming spring shower, gradually soothed the furious emotions within him. "Justin, let's leave first." Bella's voice was soft and soothing, as if coaxing him.
Bella momentarily calmed Justin's emotions, aware that another look at Zoe could send him over the edge.
She did not mean to ignore the situation or avoid confronting Zoe. However, with Ryan as the head of the family, it was his duty to deal with Zoe's problems.
Justin's cold, hostile gaze swept over Zoe. He wrapped his arm around Bella's shoulder and left.
His glance was so intimidating that it made Zoe's heart skip a beat.
When Carrie saw Zoe, she remembered her encounter with Zoe in the hall that day-the words she had spoken and the silence that had followed for several days. It was as if the scars on her heart, which had begun to heal, were suddenly torn open again, throbbing with pain. 
Suddenly, Carrie's gaze paused on Jason's face, and a rush of terrifying memories viciously bit into here nerves, causing her frail body to tremble in Ryan's arms. 
Ryan did not notice Carrie's unusual behavior.
At this moment, all his attention was on Zoe. He wanted to see what tricks this troublemaker could still play under his nose.
"Ryan, let me introduce you. This is Jason, the son of Mayor Solloway," Zoe introduced with a smile.
"Mr. Hoffman, nice to meet you," Jason said politely, extending his right hand.
Ryan was taller than him by half a head and looked down at him coldly with a condescending attitude. Jason's throat tightened, his hand awkwardly frozen in mid-air.
belongs to en.swne
Finally, Ryan silently shook his hand.
As Jason withdrew his hand, his fingers were sore and red.
"Jason, do you see who she is?" Zoe glanced at Carrie. Her tone was gentle, but her eyes revealed a hint of provocation.
Carrie felt a stab in her heart. She lowered her head.
"Who is this?"
Jason frowned, staring closely at the delicate and fair face for a moment.
Suddenly, he realized, "Ah! Carrie, you've changed a lot! You look so beautiful now that I almost didn't recognize you!"
###chapter1752
Chapter 1752
Carrie did not dare to lift her eyes to meet Jason's gaze, nor did she dare to respond to him. She hunched her shoulders, wishing she could disappear into thin air like a wisp of smoke.
Ryan's phoenix-like eyes turned even colder as he stared icily at Jason, who remained composed and friendly despite Ryan's evident hostility.
Ignoring Ryan completely, Jason extended a hand towards Carrie. "Carrie, it's me, Jason Solloway. We were classmates in junior high. Do you remember me?"
Ryan's gaze darkened as he forcefully pushed Jason's hand away. "I think my wife doesn't remember you." The air between them became extremely tense. However, Zoe secretly chuckled to herself. It seemed that provoking Ryan and teasing this fool was the source of all her happiness in life.
Jason tightened his grip on his aching fingertips, a flicker of anger passing through his eyes. But he quickly regained his composure and stared fixedly at Carrie. "Carrie, you're married to Mr. Hoffman? How come I didn't see any news about such a big event?"
Before Ryan could speak, Zoe jumped in. "Jason, you've only recently returned to the country. There are many things in our circle that you don't know. My eldest brother and Carrie have been living together for a long time. Even though they're not officially married, they're practically husband and wife."
She deliberately raised her voice for all to hear.
Everyone passing by could hear it clearly.
"What? The delicate and precious daughter of the Salvador family is actually cohabiting with a man? Even though her mother is gone, Chairman Salvador is still alive. How could he allow his daughter to live with a man without getting married?"
"Ah, but it's not just any man. It's Mr. Hoffman, the future heir of the Hoffman family!"
"So what if he's Mr. Hoffman? Is he not a man? Besides, everyone in Savrow knows his reputation. They've been living together for so long without getting married. Clearly, he doesn't intend to marry her."
"Young Master Hoffman is a man of power and influence. Even if he divorces eight times, there will be plenty of women lining up for him. Ms. Salvador's reputation will be ruined if Mr. Hoffman breaks up with her. By then, she'll probably end up marrying beneath her."
"This girl is just too naive and inexperienced!"
The words spread haphazardly, creating chaos, each like a thunderbolt exploding in Carrie's ears, leaving her with a profound sense of anxiety. Beads of sweat formed on her smooth forehead.
Ryan heard it too, his intense gaze sweeping over those who spread rumors.
Jason suddenly said, "Oh, so that's how it is."
"What do you mean by that's how it is?"
Ryan's eyes turned dark and cold, staring harshly at Zoe's smug face. "Zoe, the engagement ceremony is all set, and I've already sent out the invitations. The entire Hoffman family is aware of this. I don't care whether you've forgotten or your brain has malfunctioned. Carrie is my fiancée, the future mistress of the Hoffman group. How many more times do I have to say it?"
The crowd murmured in shock.
Zoe was deeply ashamed and furious, her face turning red.
Jason could not bear it any longer. He stepped forward and said, "Mr. Hoffman, you're being too harsh on your sister."
"Who do you think you are? It's none of your damn business!" Ryan saw red.
From the moment Ryan first laid eyes on this guy, he wanted to punch him. If this guy uttered one more word, whether he was the mayor's son or the governor's grandson, Ryan would punch him.
Jason glared at Ryan with a pale face.
The Solloway family was also a prestigious family with generations of officials. They were held in high regard in Savrow for generations and had never endured such humiliation.
###chapter1753
Chapter 1753
However, Jason was a person of dignity, so he chose not to argue with Ryan for now.
But he took a mental note of this grudge, knowing that there would be a time he would "repay" Ryan in the future.
"Carrie, let's go," Ryan said, pulling Carrie close and turning away.
"Carrie!" Jason called out with a smile to Carrie's retreating figure. "I've just returned from Inalia not long ago. I'm planning to hold a class reunion in a few days. Would you be able to attend?"
Carrie closed her eyes tightly and took a deep breath, trying hard to drive those unbearable memories out of her mind.
Ryan's hand on the young woman's shoulder tensed visibly, and he said coldly, "Birds of a feather flock together. My wife belongs to a higher social circle. You are not worthy of existing in her world."
Zoe and Jason stood stiffly in place, their expressions strained.
The arrival of Bella and Justin instantly became the center of attention at the event. It was not their intention to steal the limelight, but their every move exuded an irresistible charm.
Men could not help but glance at Bella, while women cast their eyes on Justin. These two outstanding individuals, with their exceptional beauty, were like runway models, attracting the gaze of many.
"Bella, Ian just sent me a message saying some reporters have entered the Iverson family mansion," Justin whispered near her ear, his voice low and husky.
"If they've managed to enter Iverson's mansion, then they're not on our side." Bella furrowed her brows slightly, swirling the champagne in her delicate hand.
"Would you like to find out where they're from?" His eyes flickered slightly.
"No need. The more reporters, the better. Isn't this exactly what we wanted to see?" Bella squinted her eyes playfully, elegantly taking a sip of champagne and leaving a faint lipstick mark on the rim of the glass.
At that moment, Ryan and Carrie walked hand in hand into everyone's sight.
Some guests who were well-acquainted with the Hoffman family greeted him warmly. "Ryan, your girlfriend is truly beautiful!"
"This is my wife," Ryan replied with gentle and affectionate eyes, ignoring the gazes of others as he took his wife's hand and kissed her fingertips. "In my eyes, she is the most beautiful woman."
Countless praises and admirations surrounded them.
Normally, with Ryan by her side, Carrie should have felt a strong sense of security. But at this moment, all she could think of were the faces of Zoe and Jason, along with their grating laughter.
Her face grew paler, and her body turned colder bit by bit.
Although Lance deeply despised these unwelcome guests, he could not afford to offend them. After all, one represented the Salvador family and the Thompson family. Instead, he had to treat them with courtesy. Outsiders were unaware of the intricacies involved and might even think highly of the Iverson family. "Chairman Iverson, it's about time for the family photo," Lance's secretary reminded him from the side.
Seeing that Christopher had not yet appeared, Lance became even more frustrated.
"Dad, Christopher is really out of line and too full of himself. Personally attending to Bella was one thing, but on such an important day, he's been absent the entire evening. It's just me and Coral here, running around. Doesn't this seem unreasonable to you?"
James found the right moment to criticize Christopher with a cold laugh. "I think now that he's become the CEO of the company, he feels securely in control and doesn't respect you at all..."
Just then, the doors of the banquet hall suddenly swung open.
###chapter1754
Chapter 1754
Everyone's gaze focused on the open door. Christopher stood there, in full view, dressed in a suit, pushing a frail woman in a wheelchair.
"Bella, who is that woman in the wheelchair?" Justin asked, looking puzzled.
"She is Lance's wife and Christopher's mother," Bella replied, her brows furrowed as she looked at Mrs. Iverson.
Justin's eyes narrowed slightly as he vaguely remembered seeing Christopher's mother once at Celeste's birthday banquet.
Under her son's careful grooming, Mrs. Iverson appeared elegant and noble at that time. Though ill, she still had a beautiful appearance and an extraordinary temperament, reminiscent of a wealthy lady from years past.
However, this time, her condition had clearly deteriorated. Her temples were gray, and her cheeks were sunken. Despite the warmth of the banquet hall, she still needed a blanket draped over her shoulders. Her face showed discomfort under the strangers' gazes.
The Iverson father and son were shocked. Especially Lance, who was looking at his long-abandoned wife from a distance. He felt a mix of anger and resentment. He knew exactly what Christopher intended. Now that his son had gained a prominent position in the Iverson family, his first priority was to make up for his mother's suffering and restore her lost dignity.
But this woman's betrayal was vivid in his mind. No one could erase that. Christopher's public appearance with this woman was a blatant test of Lance's limits, a deliberate provocation. It also indicated one thing, although his fourth son was trying to please him in every way, Christopher had his own agenda.
"Dad, what Christopher is doing is outrageous and selfish!" James gritted his teeth, glaring at Christopher and his mother. "Bringing this crazy woman here is a deliberate attempt to embarrass our family. Just when that scandal was finally laid to rest, she showed up again, bringing it all back. Christopher claims to respect you, but he clearly does not care about your reputation. This punk is too cunning!"
Lance's expression grew even darker.
At this moment, the surrounding guests looked at Mrs. Iverson with surprise, whispering among themselves.
"Is this the infamous Mrs. Iverson? How did she become so haggard? She does not look like a wealthy lady at all. She looks just like a dried-up old hag!"
"She seems to have some mental issues..."
"I heard she was abandoned by the Iverson family and left to fend for herself in Sentania for years, living a miserable life. It is no wonder she has mental problems!"
"One day of marriage is worth a hundred days of grace. Chairman Iverson is too heartless!"
"Chris..." Mrs. Iverson trembled, clutching Christopher's sleeve. "I do not like this kind of place. Let's go home, shall we?"
"Mom, don't be scared. I'm here," Christopher whispered gently into her ear. "Look, Bella is here too." Mrs. Iverson followed her son's gaze and saw Bella standing there gracefully. A joyous smile slowly formed on her withered face, and her dull eyes brightened. Suddenly, she called out. "Bella! Bella!"
Everyone's eyes instantly focused on Bella. As Christopher pushed Mrs. Iverson toward her, Bella momentarily held her breath but managed to maintain a gentle and polite smile.
"Mrs. Iverson, long time no see. How have you been recently?" Bella asked.
Justin's large hand gripped Bella's waist. His fingers turned white, and the veins on the back of his hand popped out prominently. He stared unblinkingly at Christopher, his dark eyes barely containing his rage. Christopher adjusted his glasses and met his gaze, a mocking look evident in his eyes.
"Bella, I've missed you so much..." Mrs. Iverson, stimulated by her surroundings, clung to Bella's hand." Have you been busy lately? Why haven't you come to see Chris? Did you two have a fight? Did Chris make you angry? Bella, don't be angry with Chris. You mean so much to him!"
The surrounding guests gossiped even more. Although Mrs. Iverson's words were innocent, they sounded quite ambiguous to others.
"Does it seem like Ms. Thompson has some history with Mr. Iverson?"
"Could Bella's ex be Christopher? Haha... This is quite a show tonight, isn't it?"
"Then what about Mr. Salvador? Is he just a rebound, or a poacher?"
"This Ms. Thompson is quite adept at handling men. The noble scions of Savrow are all under her spell. If Mr. Hoffman joins in, they can play a game of poker."
The rumors grew more and more unpleasant.
Bella's expression remained indifferent. With happiness in her heart, she was impervious to such slander, treating it as mere nonsense. But Justin could not tolerate it. His eyes flashed with rage as he glanced coldly at the gossiping guests.
Suddenly, a clear, melodious, yet angry voice rang out.
"I won't allow you to speak about my sister-in-law like that! She only loves my second brother and has only ever been with him! You know nothing about her, so how dare you say such things?"
###chapter1755
Chapter 1755
"Carrie..." Bella and Justin were both stunned.
Then, Bella's lips curled slightly upward as she looked gratefully at Carrie, feeling warmth in her heart.
"My wife is right. You all are spreading rumors and causing trouble right in front of Mr. Salvador and Ms. Thompson. Do you think the legal departments of Salvador Corporation and KS Group are just for show?" Ryan stepped in, placing a protective hand on Carrie's shoulder, her cold eyes glaring at the group.
"If you think you are capable, say it again. The Hoffman Group can play this game too."
The gossipy old women were already embarrassed by Carrie's reprimand, and with Ryan's intimidating presence, they huddled together like quails, too frightened to breathe.
"I recognize you, Mr. Iverson." Carrie elegantly lifted her skirt and walked over, her slender figure shielding Bella. For the first time, she bravely met the strangers' eyes. "Mr. Iverson, are you my sister-in- law's friend?"
Bella's lips curled into a cold smile. Friend? That word was too tainted. But she did not blame Carrie. The innocent Carrie could not know the bloodshed and darkness behind this, nor did she want her to.
"Ms. Salvador, what do you want to say?" Christopher asked with a smile, maintaining his elegant demeanor.
"If you are my sister-in-law's friend, you should have immediately stood up to clarify when you saw her being slandered, not just watched her being misunderstood and done nothing." Carrie, always
straightforward, vented her anger directly at Christopher. "A true friend should not be so cold-blooded. Your actions really disappoint my sister-in-law."
Bella quickly took Carrie's soft hand and pulled her into an embrace, keeping her away from this viper. Christopher's face darkened, and his smile froze awkwardly.
It was said that sincerity was always the ultimate weapon. With just a few words, Carrie not only extricated Bella from the ambiguous situation but also made Christopher look like a heartless villain.
"Justin, your sister is truly becoming the perfect matriarch of the Hoffman family." Ryan elbowed his good friend's shoulder, staring at his defiant and beautiful fiancee with a foolish smile. He loved her deeply.
"When you two get home, thank Carrie properly for me." Justin's eyes softened, warmth spreading through his heart.
Ryan's throat bobbed, and his narrow eyes deepened. "I will not just thank her properly. I will love her properly too."
Justin glanced at him speechlessly, reminding him in a low voice. "You are not that young anymore. Your work is tiring. For Carrie's happiness in the second half of her life, you should take care of your health and not overindulge."
"Damn, I'm not weak at all. My body is in tip-top condition!" Ryan pouted in grievance. "Besides, my life is so dull nowadays, just work and home. I have almost forgotten what a nightclub looks like. I rely on this bit of marital fun to get by. Don't be so cruel to me, okay?"
Justin was speechless. Not letting Ryan touch his beautiful fiancee was as cruel as making a tiger be vegan. At this moment, on the second floor of the banquet hall, Zoe gripped the railing tightly. Her eyes were burning red with anger as she looked down at Carrie. This idiot was now showing off because Ryan backed her up.
The more she showed off, the faster she would meet her end. She would not have many days left to jump around.
"To think, Carrie used to be so timid, but now she is so sharp-tongued. She's like a completely different person." Jason commented, sipping his wine. His ambiguous gaze lingered on Carrie's alluring face. His gaze deepened slightly.
"Ha, what? The more you look, the more you like her." Zoe sneered mockingly at him.
"Zoe, don't be like this..." Jason wrapped his arm around her waist, slowly pulling her into his embrace. His slightly drunken breath brushed against her cheek, and his hand roamed her exposed back. "All these years, my heart has always been with you. I have no eyes for anyone else. How can Carrie compare to you? Zoe, you are simply perfect, and I am addicted to you."
###chapter1756
Chapter 1756
Zoe knew exactly what Jason was referring to -their time in bed. Jason was the true definition of a devoted suitor, having chased her for years.
However, as she harbored feelings for Justin, she never had any interest in a man like Jason. Eventually, circumstances led her to give up on Justin entirely, thus she settled for being with Jason.
Though Jason wanted to marry her, she only saw him as a tool to satisfy her needs. After their encounters, she would ignore him for days, sometimes even a month, without a second thought. But now, Zoe could no longer leave him hanging. This man was a crucial part of her plan, and she needed him.
"Jason, I know you are the one who loves me the most and treats me the best in this world." Zoe softly draped her arms around his neck. She pressed her barely concealed chest against his while pouting pitifully, "I'm in a tough spot. You will help me without hesitation, right?"
Aroused by her, Jason could barely hold his wine glass steady. His eyes were burning with desire to have her right then and there. "Do you even need to ask, Zoe? I am yours. I will gladly do whatever you want."
"You saw tonight how Ryan treats me, his own sister," Zoe said, her voice tinged with tears.
"Yes, I saw. It was outrageous!"
"Not just to me, but he was also so disrespectful to you... It breaks my heart." Zoe stroked his face. "All because of Carrie. She has poisoned my relationship with my brother, making it impossible for me to have a place in the Hoffman family anymore. Jason... Help me, please? I really need you."
"Zoe, how can I help you?" Jason's breath grew heavy. "Tell me, I will do anything for you!"
Zoe asked sweetly. "Really? Anything?"
"Yes, anything!"
A flicker of malice crossed Zoe's eyes as she tiptoed to whisper in his ear. Jason's eyes widened in shock.
On the other side, there was another tense situation unfolding. Christopher did not explain much. He simply adjusted his gold-rimmed glasses and smiled faintly at Carrie.
Carrie's heart raced. This man before her, pale and sinister, said nothing yet made her shudder with fear. "Christopher." Lance's stern voice rang out, and Christopher slowly turned around.
"Dad."
It was then that Mrs. Iverson noticed Lance standing before her. She shuddered violently as if struck by lightning, desperately burrowing into Christopher's embrace.
Her Alzheimer's disease had reached an advanced stage, often making it difficult for her to recognize even her son. Yet, upon seeing Lance, all the painful memories came flooding back, overwhelming her.
"Mom, don't be scared. I'm right here." Christopher held her and patiently comforted her.
"Christopher, come on. It's time to take the family photo." James urged coldly.
"Alright." Christopher then turned to his mother, speaking gently. "Mom, come and join in the family photo."
Lance's expression grew incredibly stern.
"Hah, Christopher, are you joking?" James sneered with disgust. "This woman is no longer part of the Iverson family. What right does she have to stand with our father?"
###chapter1757
Chapter 1757
Christopher's face turned visibly cold. His sharp eyes were filled with a mix of deep anger and bloodthirst.
James had just revealed a portion of the Iverson family's scandal. Even if it meant tarnishing the entire Iverson family's reputation, he was determined to humiliate Christopher and his mother. He wanted to stir Lance's disdain toward them. He wanted to ensure that the so-called Mrs. Iverson would forever be seen as a disgraceful woman.
The crowd was in an uproar, shocked but eager to witness the spectacle. After all, who wouldn't be interested in such juicy gossip about a prominent family?
"Oh my, what does James mean by that?"
"It sounds like Mrs. Iverson might have done something to betray Chairman Iverson."
"I just remembered something!"
Someone in the crowd, who had been slow to catch on, exclaimed. "Years ago, there was a tabloid that reported Mrs. Iverson had an affair. Chairman Iverson supposedly caught her in the act and sent her abroad."
The crowd gasped. "Caught in the act?!"
"At the time, news was not as widespread as it is now. It was all in newspapers and magazines. Within twenty-four hours of the scandal breaking, all the magazines and newspapers reporting it vanished from the market. Shortly after, even the magazine that first broke the story took it down. Looking back, it must have been Chairman Iverson who felt embarrassed and took action to cover it up."
"Isn't that just confirming that Mrs. Iverson really did cuckold Chairman Iverson?!"
Bella watched as Mrs. Iverson, pale and caught between terror and confusion, listened to the crowd. Her gaze gradually became conflicted. Since her father used to be close to Lance, Bella often visited the Iverson family.
She remembered Mrs. Iverson as a gentle and accommodating woman. Although her background was not prestigious, she had married into the Iverson family when there were already three troublesome children. It must have been incredibly difficult for Mrs. Iverson to be a stepmother. She was always kind to the Iverson children and completely devoted to Lance. Even as a child, Bella could see that Mrs. Iverson truly loved Chairman Iverson. Why would she jeopardize her happiness by having an affair?
Even as an outsider, Bella was inclined to believe Mrs. Iverson a little more. But after the scandal, Lance did not listen to Mrs. Iverson's explanations and ruthlessly expelled her and her son from the family. It showed that the Iverson family was cold-hearted from the start. The Iverson children grew up in such a loveless environment, leading them to be deceitful and treacherous with one another.
"Bella, Christopher brought his mother tonight to demand an explanation from the Iverson family," Justin whispered in her ear. "Anyone would want revenge for this kind of grievance."
Although Bella hated Christopher, she felt pity for Mrs. Iverson. She frowned and shook her head. "But Mrs. Iverson can't handle any stress. By bringing her here to face such harsh comments and stares, Christopher is only worsening her condition, possibly driving her to a mental breakdown. This is incredibly unfair to Mrs. Iverson!"
Standing next to her, Carrie was shocked but agreed with her sister-in-law, nodding. "Bella, Mrs. Iverson looks so distressed. If it were my mother, all I would wish for is her health and happiness."
"Honey, you're too kind." Ryan gently pinched his wife's cheek before pulling her into his arms. "But
remember, not everyone in this world has a conscience. Take that guy with glasses, for instance. He looks proper, but he's a nasty piece of work, rotten to the core. I know you stepped up tonight to defend your sister-in-law, but remember not to have any dealings with that guy, okay?"
Carrie's eyelashes fluttered as she quickly nodded. "Mm... I understand."
"Good girl." Ryan planted a heated kiss on her smooth forehead. Yet, his dark eyes revealed his deep concern. Thinking about Christopher's strange look toward Carrie earlier, he felt a shiver of unease.
"Chris! Chris! I want to go home... I don't want to stay here... Let's go home, okay?" Mrs. Iverson clung to Christopher's waist, pleading like a child.
"Mom, just wait a little longer. We'll go home after taking the family photo," Christopher gently comforted her, hands on her shoulders.
"Family photo? Are you joking, Christopher?" James sneered, glaring at Mrs. Iverson with disgust. "Your mother is in this condition, and you deliberately brought her here to embarrass her? All this to garner sympathy? No matter how you try to gain sympathy, your mother's betrayal is an indelible stain on our family's reputation. Dad initially showed mercy by suppressing the scandal out of consideration for their marriage. But you brought her here today to embarrass our father, didn't you?!"
The crowd was shocked again.
"James, stop!" Lance's face was ashen, and his gaze was icy as he stared at Christopher. "Christopher, take her away immediately!"
"No." Christopher's expression was icy.
Lance's anger surged. He gritted his teeth and said sternly, "Christopher!"
"James, do you dare swear?" Christopher's dark eyes locked onto James's triumphant face. "Do you dare swear that you had no part in my mother's so-called affair, which led to our father catching her in the act at a hotel?"
###chapter1758
Chapter 1758
James finally realized that Christopher intended to settle old scores today. Everyone's astonished gazes turned to his stiff face, including Lance's.
"What nonsense are you spouting, Christopher?" James was accustomed to dealing with deceitful people, and he was not about to be intimidated by Christopher's insinuations. He gritted his teeth and sneered." Your mother was promiscuous and unfaithful. What does that have to do with me?"
"I'll ask you one more time. Do you dare to swear that my mother's situation had nothing to do with you?" "Pfft, why should I swear to you? Do you think you're worthy?" James refused to fall into the trap. Christopher's pale lips curled slightly, his eyes holding a deadly, black storm. "James, haven't you always wanted to take back the CEO position from me? Let's make a bet. If you dare to swear that my mother's situation had nothing to do with you, I'll give up the CEO position to you."
The crowd was shocked. Bella and Justin were equally stunned, watching Christopher with wide eyes. For Christopher, the CEO position of the Iverson Corporation was his most prized possession. It was everything he had meticulously schemed for. His willingness to stake it showed just how prepared he was for this confrontation.
"There's nothing to give up. That position was mine to begin with!" James was enraged by Christopher's arrogance, grinding his teeth in hatred. "You took it from me through underhanded means, so don't act all righteous!"
"Fine, I'll return it to you. Not only that, I'll leave Iverson Group and return to Sentania." Christopher's eyes gleamed red. "Do you dare to agree?"
This was a desperate gamble!
Bella's red lips pressed into a thin line, and her gaze on Christopher filled with complex emotions. In this matter concerning his mother, Christopher had shown a final shred of conscience. In order to seek justice for his mother, Christopher was willing to relinquish everything he had painstakingly earned. This proved that the injustices his mother suffered were his deepest wounds.
It was James's schemes, Lance's suspicion, and their ruthless abandonment that twisted a once-normal boy into someone dark and ruthless. In a sense, it was James who planted the seeds of disaster.
If Mrs. Iverson had not been framed and had been allowed to stay and raise her son, perhaps Christopher would not have become the terrifying person he is today. But time could not be reversed.
The atmosphere in the room was tense and silent, with everyone holding their breath as they watched the confrontation. Trembling in her son's arms, Mrs. Iverson was unaware of the storm brewing.
James's teeth ground together audibly, but his mind was racing. This wild card's bet was truly high, akin to going all-in.
The matter was so old, and the evidence was long lost. He smirked darkly. "Christopher, everyone's watching. Don't you dare renege on this."
"But if my mother's situation involves you, James, I want you to kneel before her and apologize publicly. You'll also hold a press conference to expose all the traps and schemes you set against her to restore her reputation." Christopher's voice was filled with menace. "Surely, the eldest young master of the Iverson family wouldn't be so cowardly, right?"
"I'll agree to your terms, but you won't get what you want. Because I didn't do it." James smiled maliciously.
Lance's face turned red and white with fury. Compared to finding out the truth about his wife's betrayal, he was more concerned that Christopher had brought this scandal to light, airing the family's dirty laundry in public!
James was not even trying to cover it up. Instead, he was escalating it. Was his brain malfunctioning? Christopher's dark eyes held a trace of malicious amusement as he rasped. "Bring him in!"
The next moment, the banquet hall doors creaked open. Taylor led the way, followed by two men in black, dragging a scruffy, downtrodden middle-aged man before everyone. The man shivered uncontrollably, frequently sniffling as if he were cold.
"He's a drug addict." Ryan observed, recognizing the signs immediately.
"Aah... Aah... Aah!" At that moment, Mrs. Iverson's eyes widened in terror, and she screamed hysterically! All the guests were startled. Christopher immediately embraced his mother, shielding her face with his body while soothing her trembling back. He glanced at James with a meaningful look. "James, do you remember him?"
James' brows knitted together as he stared at the man kneeling on the floor in shock.
"Introduce yourself," Christopher commanded, his voice icy.
The man shuddered violently, sniffed again, and stammered. "I... I'm Colin Sutton. I used to be Chairman Iverson's personal bodyguard."
Upon hearing this name, James' eyes widened in shock, his mind blanking out. This was the bodyguard he had bribed years ago to play the 'lover' of the scandal.
James did not recognize him at first because the man had deteriorated so much in the past few years and was now a shell of his former self.
"My personal bodyguard? I've never seen you before," Lance said, perplexed.
"I worked for you... Fifteen years ago," Colin replied, trembling. He looked at Christopher with fear. When his eyes landed on James' ashen face, anger and regret filled his gaze.
James quickly averted his eyes, avoiding the man's accusatory stare.
"James, you really forget people easily, even those who helped you in your schemes." Christopher sneered coldly. "He helped you once, and you repay him with such ingratitude. How heartless."
###chapter1759
In an instant, James became the target of everyone's gaze.
Mrs. Iverson stared at Colin's face, trembling and cowering in Christopher's arms. Her muddled eyes were bloodshot, and her whole body shook violently, teetering on the edge of collapse.
Even though Sophie was mostly in a state of mental confusion, the sight of the man who had brought her great humiliation all those years ago triggered a deep-seated resentment within her. Bella felt a pang of sympathy for Sophie. No matter how many wrongs Christopher had committed, his mother was innocent. However, Bella was in no position to offer the poor woman any comfort. She would not give Christopher any chances.
Still unclear about the situation, Lance looked at Christopher in surprise. "Christopher, why did you bring this man here?"
"James, do you want to explain what you did back then to Dad, or should I do it for you?" Christopher's icy gaze locked onto James.
"Christopher, your act is getting more and more elaborate." James' heart pounded like a drum, but he maintained a disdainful facade, determined to hold his ground. "I don't know this person. This happened fifteen years ago, and even Dad doesn't remember him. You've dragged in some shabby actor claiming to be Dad's bodyguard. Faking evidence requires at least some semblance of credibility." "Fifteen years ago?" Christopher smirked, his eyes full of mockery. "I haven't even mentioned what happened, and you already know it was fifteen years ago. It seems you're very well-informed." James' heart tightened. He didn't want to argue any longer and yelled through gritted teeth, "Guards! Get this nobody out of here!"
Just as the Iverson family's bodyguards stepped forward to handle the situation, Colin suddenly lunged at James, screaming hysterically. "James! It's all your fault that I'm in this state! You made me approach and seduce Mrs. Iverson, but she resisted. So you found two thugs and had her drugged. You even kidnapped her to a hotel and forced me to fake having slept with her just to take those compromising photos to send to Chairman Iverson!"
His explosive revelations stunned everyone.
Lance felt his mind explode, his vision darkening. The scandal that had haunted him all these years came crashing back like a tidal wave.
"Stop... Stop talking!" Mrs. Iverson let out a piercing scream as she clutched her head in agony.
"You're spouting nonsense!" James' noble facade shattered, and his eyes were red with rage. "How much did Christopher pay you to slander me like this?"
Sweating profusely, James turned to Lance and pleaded desperately, "Dad! Christopher is framing me! Astrid and Charles' current plight might be his doing, and now he's targeting me! Don't believe this despicable liar's words!"
The sight of the dignified eldest son of the Iverson family publicly accusing his brother in front of their father was somewhat laughable.
"If not for Mr. Christopher saving my life, I'd have been killed abroad long ago!" Colin, restrained by the guards, seemed ready to tear out James' throat with his teeth. "You sent me abroad to keep me from exposing your scheme against Mrs. Iverson. You had me monitored and forced me into drug addiction to control me forever! It was only in the past six months that I finally had a chance to escape your grasp." 
Colin had made his way to Sentania and ended up in one of Christopher's casinos, where he was discovered and detained as a crucial witness. It seemed fate had finally intervened.
The entire venue erupted in chaos!
zel.
Meanwhile, Christopher live-streamed everything happening inside the Iverson mansion's grand hall, broadcasting it to all the journalists present. Cameras and phones captured every moment, and the footage was uploaded to the internet in real time. 
In no time, the internet exploded with activity. Videos of the incident were shared and forwarded, quickly amassing millions of views in a short span of time. The platform.
even crashed due to the
ovene
overwhelming number of people flocking to witness the fallout of his sensational Iverson family scandal. 
###chapter1760
The comments on the livestream were endless.
[OMG! If this is true, Mrs. Iverson is really pitiful. I want to go and hug her!]
[Christopher Iverson left his home at a young age and had to take care of his sick mother. He's truly a strong and resilient character. His life story is ready-made material for a TV drama!] [Justin Salvador and Christopher Iverson are both incredibly handsome and have equally tragic backgrounds!]
[Fifteen years ago, James wasn't that old, right? If he could come up with such a vicious scheme, he must be a natural-born devil! I support Christopher in his comeback! He must reclaim what's lost!] Public opinion overwhelmingly favored Christopher. He had brought his seriously ill mother before everyone tonight to gain sympathy and build a favorable image for himself, aiming to become the most influential figure in the Iverson family in the public eye.
Bella lowered her eyelashes, her fingertips brushing over her phone screen as she swiftly scanned through the comments. This was Christopher-ruthless and unscrupulous in achieving his goals. Even his own mother was not spared. He knew this would severely impact her mental state, yet he still exploited her.
"You're spouting nonsense! Christopher must have coached you!" James panted heavily and glared with bloodshot eyes like an enraged bull. He shakily pulled out his phone. "How dare you slander me publicly? I'll call the police and have you jailed for life!"
"Go ahead. Call them! I've had enough of these inhuman days anyway!" Tormented physically and mentally for years, Colin broke down emotionally and vented his fury without restraint. "The two thugs who took your bribe back then, are they still alive? With Mr. Christopher's capabilities, it'll be a matter of time before he finds them, and they'll testify that you framed Mrs. Iverson!"
The crowd's eyes were filled with suspicion and disbelief as they looked at James.
"James is Lance's eldest son and enjoys all the privileges. Why would he need to target a weak woman?" Ryan poked the handsome and stern Justin beside her, puzzled. "Justin, I don't understand. Isn't this overkill? Why create trouble for himself?"
"Besides James himself, who do you think is the most capable among the Iverson siblings? Who has the most potential?" Justin responded with a question.
Ryan rubbed her chin thoughtfully. "That would still be Christopher. The other two are practically brain-dead. They pose no competition."
"If you can see that, do you think James can't?" Justin cast a sidelong glance at him.
"Suppressing Mrs. Iverson meant suppressing Christopher. Although risky, this move had a high chance. of success. If successful, Lance would utterly despise Mrs. Iverson, and her son would become a thorn in his side and never be favored again. Thus, James could secure his position in the Iverson family
avore
without worry." 
Ryan realized the reasoning and then raised an eyebrow. "Ouch... Justin, did you just insult me?"
Justin's lip was pressed into a cold line as he sent a message to lan, ignoring Ryan's teasing.
At this moment, Christopher pulled a
clean handkerchief from his suit pocket gently wiping his mother's tears as he spoke softly, "Actually, there's no need for such trouble. I have another witness right here." 
Taylor stepped forward, sneering, and played a recording on her phone.
"Back then... James was the person who set up Sophie!"
It was Astrid's voice, and Sophie was Mrs. Iverson.
Lance's eyes widened, with red veins spreading across his eyes. His gaze was full of complex emotions fixated on James' pale, rigid face. Astrid's confession continued, clearly talking to Christopher.
Палов
"The three of us hated you and your mother. We believed your existence would divide our father's affection. Your mother would divide the family wealth and business. That's why despised you and your mother That's why we bullied and suppressed you at every turn. But Charles and I were too young to do more than give you trouble. Unlike James... He was bold, insidious, and ruthless enough to harm your mother." 
The atmosphere was electric with tension. The truth exposed the deep-seated hatred and schemes that ran within the Iverson family.
###chapter1761
Christopher raised his voice. "It's been over a decade. I doubt you have proof that James set my mother up with that supposed affair partner."
"That's because I was the one who called your mother and baited her to meet him." The tremble in Astrid's voice was either from the hatred for James or the fear for Christopher. "Charles was with me when I made the phone call. It's a shame he's gone now, so he can't be your witness.
"But that's okay because I made a plan B. I took a picture when the bodyguard helped your dazed mother into the room. The photo is stored on the old phone in the bottom drawer of my room. You can turn on the phone if you find a charger.
"Chris, you should go after the right perpetrator. I was young, and James tricked me. You should take your revenge on him. I'm telling the truth. I swear on my life."
The voice recording came to an end.
The lively hall fell silent, and tension was thick in the air.
Though only an onlooker, Bella stared intently at Christopher's emotionless face, her heart sinking.
She knew a catastrophic storm lurked behind the calm.
For Astrid to come clean about the whole thing, Christopher must have gone to see her and reached some sort of negotiation.
However, Bella was aware that Christopher would not realize his end of the bargain.
A monster through and through, Christopher would not rest until he had nailed those guys and finished them off for good, a twisted form of atonement for the crimes they inflicted upon his mother. "T-That woman has gone mad. She's crazy!"
Breaking out in a cold sweat, James shivered and stumbled for words. "I did not! I have no part in that. Astrid pushed the blame on me so that Chris would get her sentence reduced." "Dad, I have Astrid's phone."
Christopher looked Lance in the eye. "Do you want to look at it now or after the party?"
Then came a smack.
Seeing red, Lance raised his hand and slapped James in the face.
Stunned, James felt like his eardrums ruptured.
"Get out! Get out of the house! I don't
want
out
you again! Get out!" furiously, veins
f his head. Content bepping
Lance had never once looked at his hurt wife.
He was filled with resentment.
Lance did not resent James for harming his innocent wife. Instead, he hated James for lying and using him. Lance was the last to know, and in the presence of Savrow's high society too. 
James was ruined and labeled ruthless.
Christopher just screwed everybody over.
James knew his father was giving him an out. With his hand over his swollen cheek, James ran off in shame.
"Hang on." Christopher's eyes reflected ruthlessness.
Christopher could not possibly let James go, at least not without apologizing to his mother on his knees.
However, James did not stop. Gritting his teeth, he shoved his way through the crowd to run out.
Suddenly, James stopped in his tracks.
Dressed in black leather, the man with sharp facial features stood before James like a mountain.
"Where are you going, Mr. James Iverson?"
Ralph's intimidating gaze met James's as he inched closer.
time has come for you to answeet sins." Content belong heet.
your
for
###chapter1762
James staggered back in fright at Ralph's presence.
Four police officers in plain clothes barged in and stood behind Ralph, forming an impenetrable wall.
Christopher's heart sank at the abrupt presence of cops, and he stared grimacing at Justin, who remained composed.
Meeting Christopher's gaze, Justin narrowed his eyes.
Sparks flew as tension rose to an all-time high.
Since Christopher was out for trouble, Justin did not mind helping him blow the whole thing out of proportion.
Carrie's eyes sparkled, as she had not seen Ralph in a while. She raised her hand to say hello.
"Ral-"
Suddenly, she felt a weight on her shoulder.
Carrie looked up and stared at Ryan's tensed jawline. With her chest tightening, she dropped her hand and kept her head down and away from Ralph.
"W-What do you want?" James quaked in his boots.
"James Iverson, you are arrested for bribery, fund embezzlement, and rape. This is a warrant for your arrest."
Ralph handed James a piece of paper with a straight face. "This is your arrest warrant. Do you understand your rights?"
"I don't get it!" James felt his world crumbling. "Why are you telling me this? What proof do you have?"
While working in the police force, Ralph witnessed his fair share of the dark side of humanity.
Faced with James' denial, Ralph kept a stoic face and spoke with determination.
"This isn't personal. The law requires
that we hold criminals accountable
and seek justice for those they've hurt. You have the right to remain silent games. That's the only thing you can do to protect your dignity as the heir of the Iverson Group." 
Before Ralph could cuff James, the huge screen in the hall lit up.
The video was filled with the unbearable torment of girls and their heart-wrenching cries.
Every whimper and scream would stir one's conscience.
The women's identities were protected, but James' ugly face was not censored.
The media live-streamed the video, broadcasting James' crimes across the country. The Iversons could do nothing to stop it. Conlongs
The cold, steel handcuffs shackled the devil, who had violated too many young lives.
"That isn't me. That isn't me in the video."
Sure enough, James would not give it up. "The video is fake! That isn't me in the video." "If that isn't you, who is it then?"
Coral, who had kept her silence thus far, walked to the center and stared at James with resentment. "These videos were copied from your computer in the study. You must have guessed by now that the police confiscated your computer This is inêriminating evidence." 
James realized he had been duped by the one closest to him.
Coral behaved unusually the other night, seducing him to intimacy in the study. It was all a setup.
She would not have the brain and guts to do so, unless...
###chapter1763
When James noticed Bella exchanging looks with Coral, he felt a punch in the gut and yelled furiously, "Bitch! How dare you team up with outsiders to set me up! I will make you pay!"
As Coral's emotionless gaze shifted to the menacing man, she curled her lips, and a teardrop slipped past her eye.
Then came the shocker.
She took off her emerald gown without hesitation, revealing her bruised body for all to see.
"Coral..." Bella stared at Coral in shock. Coral's determination shone through.
Though a white silk nightdress covered her modesty, the menacing scars all over her body sent chills down everybody's spines.
"When have you not made me pay in the years I've been married to you, James?"
Coral scowled, her eyes filled with cutthroat bitterness. "You hit me for every little thing. You even want me to betray our matrimony to suck up to the Iverson Group's partners. If I refused, you'd give me one hell of a beating. I only manage to survive this day, not because you show me mercy, but because it's not my time to go yet. Otherwise, you'd have killed me a long time ago."
Yet another bombshell of truth was dropped.
James was a monster.
The Iverson Group had just weathered a storm, thanks to Christopher's efforts. However, a bigger and stronger scandal unexpectedly overtook the family.
The Iversons were now associated with evil. Even though they were one of the elite families, the family would never be able to recover from this.
The color drained from Christopher's face, and his jawline tensed in rage.
Christopher finally turned the tables, only for his plan to be thrown out the window.
He knew it was because of Justin and Bella.
Lance had a heart attack amid the chaos. He popped a pill and left the scene under the protection of his secretary and security detail.
When James was escorted away, he gave Bella a dirty look and clamored. "I know it was you, Bella! I'm going to kill you when I get out! I'll get that bitch, Coral, too! I'm going to kill all of you!" 
As a dangerous glint flickered across his eyes, Justin pulled Bella into his arms and held her tight.
"It's all talk. I doubt he'd do anything to me."
Bella rested her head on Justin's chest and smiled at the sound of his heartbeat. "You're scared. I thought you weren't easily frightened."
"I don't know what's going on with me. I just can't help but feel scared."
Justin took a deep breath and rested
his chin on top of her head for a snuggle. "Bella, Lance will save James. James was once the som he put all his hope in. The charges would only put James behind bars fortwelve years. He will get out of jail. So his threats are not a bluff." 
"Are you afraid of his threats?" Bella looked up, her eyes tender.
Justin shook his head and put his hand on the back of her neck. His lips clung to her forehead. "No, no one can hurt you on my watch. My only regret is that I put you in danger by letting you come forward, Next time, just make the plans and stay behind me." 
"No, he won't." Then came Coral's raspy voice.
The couple lifted their heads and saw Coral in a dress that Roza had designed. She approached them in tears.
"Tonight was tough on you, Ms. Jones." Bella teared up heart-wrenchingly at the thought that Coral ripped open her own scars just so James could get the punishment he deserved.
"I should be thanking you and Mr. Salvador. I would never take the step forward if it weren't for you."
###chapter1764
Coral was choked for words in gratitude. "You gave me a second chance in life."
"Don't say that, Ms. Jones." Justin curled his lips and replied tenderly, "It was all you. You saved yourself."
Bella said, "Oh, right. What were you saying earlier, Ms. Jones?"
"James will never make it out of prison alive."
Coral handed over a USB drive, her eyes bloodshot. "I took a recording of James' phone conversation with an individual. He was with a woman on a cruise last week. Just for the kick of it, he injected the woman with substances, and she died of an overdose.
"He hired someone-the guy on the phone-to take care of the woman's body. While James was asleep, I checked his phone for the individual's number. I don't think the guy knows I'm onto him, so if the police get the case right, we should be able to seize James' accomplice."
Bella and Justin were taken aback.
James deserved to die for his crimes. However, the news of another victim only deepened Bella and Justin's pain.
"Also, my brother is at the police station, ready to confess his part in aiding James to cook the books and embezzle funds. That's all we can do, Ms. Thompson and Mr. Salvador. We will be cheering you on," Coral said in a soft voice, her tone carrying guilt.
Unable to hold her emotions back anymore, Bella burst into tears and hugged Coral tight. Tears quickly soaked Coral's shoulders.
Amid the media's flashing light, a grimacing James was escorted into the police car.
Before taking off, Ralph noticed Carrie, who was in Ryan's arms, not too far away.
Even in a crowd, Ralph could spot the adorable face anywhere. Her face was etched in his mind.
'Carrie is doing great. It's a good thing that she was always met with love and protection.' With that in mind, Ralph shifted his fervent gaze away.
It was as if he was afraid his eyes would reveal his secret.
It was a sleepless night for the Iversons.
Even though his obstacles were gone, Christopher did not get the thrill of revenge.
For some reason, Christopher could never get what he wanted.
He wanted Bella, but they could only be enemies.
Christopher wanted James to kneel before his mother to apologize, but that hope went into flames.
Bella and Justin were getting into
the
over
leave after getting their et
when Christopher darfed
to stop them. Content wet
"Bella, I need to have a word with you alone." Christoper stared intently at her while catching his breath.
His meticulous hair was messy for once.
With his internal alarm bells ringing, Justin tightened his grip around
sella's
al.net
waist, and his eyes reflected
worry. Content Des
Bella gave Justin assurance and refused Christopher.
"I have nothing to say to you. If you really want to say anything, we can talk here."
"Why couldn't it be today?"
"Why did it have to be today?" Christopher restrained his emotions until his veins popped out of his head.
Bella was gorgeous, even when mocking him. "Why? Do I need
e you a rain check before foet
I stir
things up?" 
###chapter1765
It was a hard pill for Christopher to swallow. His tone was harsh like never before.
"You understand the effort I put in just for judgment day to come. Even if you wanted to avenge Asher, you could've waited until after tonight. Why did you want to expose everything during the party?" Faced with Christopher's accusations, Bella gave him no reaction.
"My mother suffered miserably due to a setup. I lay in wait for fifteen years just for the chance to seek justice for her and make James apologize on his knees." Christopher's dry lips quivered. "I was so close, Bella. Why couldn't you give me the chance? Why?"
"I'm angry for your mother too, but I won't put my revenge on hold because of you, Mr. Iverson." Bella's gaze was piercing. "Maybe you want to save James for last to protect the Iverson Group's and your interests, but I can't wait a second longer. I don't want him to make it through tomorrow. Besides, weren't you expecting us to finish James off for you? In that case, you don't get to say when we do it."
Christopher was shocked. "What are you saying, Bella? I don't get it. When did I ever-"
"Figure it out yourself."
Sick and tired of Christopher's games, Bella turned around and got into the car.
"Bella..." Christopher was lost for words as a rug was pulled from under him.
"I'm hungry, Justin. We should dine out." Sitting in the car, Bella leaned forward and looked at Justin's back.
Her sweet voice did more damage to Christopher.
"Okay," Justin responded affectionately.
Before getting into the car, Justin locked eyes with Christopher and smirked. "This isn't really about your mother, is it? You're just having trouble coming to terms with it all."
As the sedan departed, Christopher was left heaving in rage, his eyes bloodshot.
Justin struck a nerve in Christopher, ripping his mask of hypocrisy right off his face.
Christopher could never come to terms with the whole thing.
He carefully cooked up an elaborate scheme.
In Bella's world, Christopher was always the observer in the dark. To her, he never deserved a spot next to her.
"Mr. Iverson." Taylor rushed over,
drenched in sweat. "The incident today is on all social media
platforms. Even the evening news is reporting on James' arrest. I I have put the PR team on the job right away to cover up the matter, but it doesn't seem to be doing anything. The company shares will plummet when the market opens tomorrow morning." 
Christopher gnashed his teeth and clenched his fists shakily. "That's impossible. How did they manage to piece together everything?"
It was true that James' life is a
scandal, but how did they manage to
find out that James provided
women to powerful figures through the Iversons' Foundation in
exchange for favors? They have all the information we have." 
"I know, right? I was wondering that too."
Taylor was shocked. "Ms. Thompson and the jerk only went after James because Mr. Asher's relationship with Mr. Larson was exposed. If Ms. Thompson and the jerk had evidence of James' crimes, they wouldn't have waited until now to expose him. They couldn't possibly gather that much evidence in such a short amount of time. It's just impossible." 
It was impossible.
Bella and Justin seemed to acquire whatever information Christopher had. The sheer number of coincidences rendered it anything but a coincidence.
###chapter1766
Chapter 1766
Christopher's popping knuckles went white as he hissed through clenched teeth.
"To Pivotage!"
Christopher stepped into Pivotage with a menacing look.
It was clear that he was enraged.
"Get Yvonne here, Taylor." Christopher glanced at Taylor.
Taylor acknowledged his request, his heart sinking.
Minutes later, Yvonne arrived at the basement, where many inefficient subordinates and traitors were executed.
She opened the door to a frightening stench of blood.
"Mr. Iverson." Yvonne kept her head down.
Though her face was calm, her heart was jumping out of her chest.
In the dimly lit room, Christopher sat with his legs crossed on the maroon sofa and downed a glass of red.
"James is charged with bribery, embezzlement, and rape. The police arrested him during the party. Do you know about this?"
Fighting back the fear, Yvonne murmured, "I do. It's on the news."
"Bella and Justin managed to get their hands on incriminating evidence to nail James in such a short amount of time. This caught the Iverson Group off guard."
Christopher swirled his wine glass and said with a smile, "They came at James so quickly and hard, throwing me off balance. I have to wonder if they had help."
Yvonne's red skintight dress was soaked in sweat, and her voice was hoarse. "Ms. Thompson and Mr. Salvador have always been your strongest rivals. They have a team of experts, prestige in the community, and the know-how to buy loyalties. It makes sense that they had help."
"They certainly know how to win people over. I wonder if they went behind my back to sway one of mine."
Yvonne felt her world spinning.
Christopher raised his hand and threw the wine glass at her. She stepped back, and the wine glass narrowly missed her head but broke apart at her heels. She was drenched in red wine.
Yvonne's mind went black as the red stain widened as much as the fear within her.
She took two seconds to pull herself together before replying with a straight face, "What is this, Mr. Iverson? Who made you angry?"
"Are you still keeping up with the act?"
Christopher took strides toward her and gripped her chin. Tears welled up in her eyes. "I didn't make you a hard ass for you to use it against me." "I'm sorry, Mr. Iverson. I have no idea what I did...." Yvonne teared up.
"I assigned you and Taylor to investigate James. You and Taylor are the only ones closest to the case."
James heaved heavily, nearly crushing Yvonne's chin. "I can't think of anyone else who could be the rat. You should know that I do not tolerate traitors. I'm sure you are aware of the countless disloyal men who died in this basement."
Yvonne shook her head tearfully. "I-It wasn't me."
"Why aren't you putting the blame on Taylor, then?"
Christopher's eyes were savage. "Ha! Because you know that he didn't do it. You can't even find a reason to shift the blame on him. I gave you your life, Yvonne. I let you live in decency and glory, but this is the thanks I get? You have the audacity to backstab me."
###chapter1767

"It wasn't me, Mr. Iverson. It wasn't..."
It was a struggle for Yvonne to speak. Her eyes reflected hurt and innocence.
No one knew better about the consequences of betraying Christopher than her. Yvonne did not want to die, not because death scared her. She simply did not want to disappear off the face of the earth without a trace or meaning.
Hence, she tried to get herself out of it. "Mr. Iverson, what do I get for betraying you? Taylor and I are the only ones well-versed in this case. You would've figured everything out in no time if I betrayed you. Why would I be so foolish to put myself in that situation?
"Besides, I have not stepped out of Pivotage, and you have eyes all over the place. My every move is under your surveillance. I wouldn't have the chance to communicate with Ms. Thompson and Mr. Salvador. How would I betray you?"
Yvonne seemed to be heading in the right direction because Christopher's aggression subsided.
Eyeing her chance to de-escalate the situation, Yvonne said, "You gave me my life, Mr. Iverson. I'm nothing without you. I once set Mr. Salvador up. If they defeated you, they would come after me next."
Though still suspicious, Christopher released the grip on Yvonne's arm.
Taylor barged in.
"I have bad news, Mr. Iverson."
Christopher tugged his necktie irritably. "What now?"
"D-Drew is here."
Yvonne shook violently.
Her throat seized up when she remembered those bright eyes.
"What did you say? Drew?"
Christopher gritted his teeth and asked menacingly. "Is he alone?"
"That's right."
Taylor gnashed his teeth in resentment. "The guy must be up to no good to enter our turf on his own. Mr. Iverson, should I teach him a lesson?"
"I doubt you can do anything to hurt a special agent." Christopher nudged his golden-rimmed glasses up. "He must be confident he would leave unscathed to enter Pivotage alone. Yvonne, change your clothes and meet him."
"Mr. Iverson, I-" Yvonne's heart raced, and her head broke out in a sweat.
"Make him happy and bait him. Find an opportunity to kill him."
Christopher curled his lips wickedly and chuckled in her ear. "If you are loyal, as you said, don't leave me waiting for too long."
Drew appeared in the fanciest private room on the highest floor of Pivotage.
A muscular arm, hidden beneath his dark trench coat, rested casually on the edge of the sofa. His gaze held a mix of indifference and nonchalance. He was too intimidating to be approached.
The head waiter brought him a bottle of wine with a smile, but before he could say anything, Drew said offhandedly, "I drove here, so I'm not drinking. Oh, it's all about the drinks in Pivotage. We can find you a ride home later."
"I'm not here for the drinks. I'm here for the women."
Drew took out his cigarette box and pulled out a cigarette to put in his smiling mouth. "I want the prettiest woman you have."
The door to the room opened.
Yvonne, beautiful as she was, appeared before Drew.
Their eyes met, and butterflies fluttered.
"She's hot." Drew stared intently at Yvonne's tensed face with a nonchalant smile. "I'll have her tonight."
The head waiter excused himself and closed the door behind him.
###chapter1768

Yvonne fixated on Drew with tearful eyes, but under the watchful eyes of surveillance, she had to put on her professional smile and dazzle him. However, her tensed face could fool no one, including Drew.
Meanwhile, Christopher sat in the surveillance room and watched the duo's every move.
The private room was equipped with high-definition cameras and microphones, capable of capturing even the slightest breath.
"Ms. Smith, I didn't expect to see you here." Drew raised a brow and said, "You have been on my mind since the last time we met. I have been dreaming of the day we meet again. I'm happy my dream was realized today."
"I wasn't expecting to see you here either, Mr. Brown." Yvonne smiled unnaturally.
She knew she should not be fooled by Drew's remark.
Still, she had butterflies when he said she was on his mind.
They had been in the game for a while. Remarkably, Christopher did not see through their fa?ade.
"I guess we are meant to be." Drew narrowed his eyes amusingly and acted like he was at home. "Come here. Don't be a stranger. Sit."
Yvonne took a step forward when Drew patted his lap. "Sit here."
Sitting on the sofa, Christopher leaned forward and watched closely.
With her heart skipping a beat, Yvonne picked up the hem of her purple dress and approached Drew.
"Ah!"
Suddenly, Drew grabbed her arm and pulled her into his arms. Her little girls clung tightly to his muscular lap.
Christopher's hands on the armrests clenched tightly, leaving scratch marks on the leather.
Drew's breath hitched, and his eyes were tender. "Are you scared?"
Yvonne blushed, her heart thumping out of her chest. "Stop it, Mr. Brown."
She was not just asking Drew to stop his present nonsense.
Yvonne was afraid, for sure.
The fear washed over her, and she trembled in his arms.
Drew scoffed and leaned closer to her neck. His breathing against her skin flushed her red. "Your smile was awful when you came in." Yvonne pursed her lips in silence.
Drew locked her tight in his embrace.
He looked down and saw a hint of her cleavage under her deep V-neck dress. She looked tantalizing as she trembled slightly in his arms. No man could resist her.
Flustered, Yvonne tried to keep her distance from him instead of seducing him.
She was not trying to tease him.
Drew was simply too good for her. Every time she got close to him, feelings of inadequacy and unworthiness overcame her.
Her insecurities got the better of her, and she felt dirty, undeserving, and wicked.
"This is not a good place. There are too many eyes on us. I feel restrained."
Drew's cold lips brushed past her blushing ear. "Come with me."
"Where to?" Yvonne batted her eyelashes rapidly.
"Find a place to have a night with me."
Drew picked her up and walked out of the private room.
He strode along without the slightest regard for the astonished stares all around.
###chapter1769

In Pivotage, a strict rule dictated that only Christopher could take Yvonne out.
Yet Drew challenged the rule.
Only he had the guts.
Yvonne was startled at first, but when she looked up and saw Drew look ahead without hesitation, she threw caution to the wind and snuggled up in his embrace.
At that moment, it did not matter where they went. She just wanted to be with him.
"M-Mr. Iverson, Drew drove Ms. Smith out." Taylor was anxious.
He knew that Christopher saw Yvonne as Bella's inferior replacement. Often enough, Christopher would trample on Yvonne's dignity and use her as his pawn.
Still, no one could take Yvonne out of Pivotage.
Drew was getting on Christopher's last nerve.
"Take backup and go after them." Christopher panted heavily and bitterly as his rage built up. "Either way, get Yvonne back here."
A black Aston Martin raced in the dark of the night.
Drew wound down the car window, letting the breeze ruffle his messy locks. He had one hand on the wheel, driving carefreely.
However, Yvonne's head was spinning from the high-speed drive.
After getting into a hotel room, Yvonne raced to the bathroom and threw up in the toilet bowl.
Drew folded his arms and leaned against the door frame with a smile. "I don't think you can handle 3D and VR. Here I thought I found a partner to enjoy these games with."
"You sure have quite a hobby."
Yvonne drew close to the vanity sink and turned on the tap to rinse her mouth. After a splash of water on the face, Yvonne felt better.
Drew narrowed his eyes on the woman's beautiful shoulder blades.
Her shoulder blades moved along to her movements like fluttering butterflies.
"Christopher's people were tailing us when I took you away from Pivotage. I got to pick up speed to shake them off our tail."
"Why did you come to Pivotage out of the blue?" Yvonne caught her breath and looked at Drew through the mirror as worry crept into her mind. "I know that you're a special agent. But accidents can happen. Don't underestimate Christopher. If he wants you dead, he'll find a million and one ways to kill you."
"I know. That's why he sent you, right?"
Drew raised a brow and teased her, "But according to my observation, you don't have much to show for other than your good looks and hot body." Yvonne lowered her head in a fluster.
Drew saw through her from the start, including why Christopher sent her to approach him.
"Why did you jump into the trap anyway?
"I just wanted to check on you." Drew's husky voice was a breath of fresh air.
"Nothing much is going on for me. I'm just there to serve my customers." Yvonne smiled bitterly and painted herself in the worst light possible, as if to stop herself from pining after Drew. "I'm just a dignified prostitute."
Silence ensued.
Seconds later, she heard approaching footsteps.
"I don't mind that."
Drew tilted his head and drew close to her ear, his voice tainted with restrained affection. "I am just afraid Christopher would make things hard for you."
###chapter1770

Drew said, "I don't want you to get in trouble, so I came to check on you."
"I'll be fine. Don't do this again." Yvonne kept her head down, her ears tingling from the brush of their skin. "If you feel bored, you can find trouble elsewhere. I don't ever want to see you at Pivotage again. I mean, I don't want to see you ever again."
Drew rubbed his tongue along his teeth. "Ha. You're not the boss of me."
Yvonne's breath hitched, and she bit her lip.
She knew he could take a hint.
However, Drew was stubbom.
The Thompsons were the hardest people to deal with
Drew's eyes searched Yvonne's blushing face.
In Pivotage, Yvonne held the allure of a temptress. Yet, in his presence, she could shift between the playful charm of a seductive kitten and the vulnerability of a scared little bunny.
Even though Yvonne resembled Bella, Drew picked up a different vibe from Yvonne each time.
It was no wonder Christopher took her under his wing. No man could resist Yvonne.
Unfortunately for Christopher and Yvonne, Drew would not leave them alone.
Drew's profession taught him to always keep calm and tuck his personal emotions away.
"James is arrested tonight. The swift arrest is only because of the clues you provided."
Drew pulled himself together and spoke nonchalantly, "I believe Christopher would be suspicious of you now that James is busted. He would try to hurt you. Christopher intended to threaten James with the evidence and get something out of it. His plan is destroyed now. Haha! I bet he's livid."
Yvonne was lost for words.
The air was thick with danger and romance a minute ago, and Drew had to ruin the moment again.
"I mean something to Mr. Iverson. He wouldn't do anything to me unless he had strong evidence of my betrayal."
Yvonne grinned, a stark contrast to her heartbreak. "Even if he does find evidence, he wouldn't hurt me. I am a woman with Ms. Thompson's face. You don't have to worry about me. It was the first and last time I'd helped you. We shouldn't meet again. You won't get anything out of me. Our partnership is over."
It sounded like they were breaking up.
Her words left no room for negotiation.
Drew's heart was torn into two when Yvonne talked about everything being over.
Bella tasked Drew with pulling Yvonne to their side. However, Drew did not want whatever they were having to be over either.
She started the game.
Nevertheless, Drew believed he should get a say when the game was over.
Yvonne felt heavy on her shoulders. Drew put his hands on her shoulder to turn her around, and their eyes met.
Drew put his hands on either side of the sink, trapping her in his embrace. As his face drew closer to hers, she nearly lost herself in the moment. He clutched her chin, and the air was heavy with sultriness.
Their breaths and gazes mingled.
Her eyes glazed over, and so did his.
"If there is a chance for you to escape Christopher's control and walk a path of righteousness, would you leave him?" Drew asked huskily. Yvonne's heart beat out of her chest.
Seconds later, she beamed and hooked her finger on the open collar of his black shirt. "No, because I'm broken, and Christopher is where I belong."
###chapter1771

"Pivotage is the soil which I rely upon to survive. It's where a bat like me, who has adapted to the dark, feels most at home. I don't need another choice."
She had to keep her distance from him while there was still a chance.
"If I wanted to take you away to a place where Christopher's influence could not reach, would you come with me?" Drew stared at her deeply, never more seriously.
"No."
Yvonne did not hesitate. Her smile was a blend of light and tears. "I belong to Mr. Christopher, whether in life or death.*
Drew slowly straightened his back, his reddened eyes turning cold again as he undid two more buttons on his black shirt. "I understand your feelings. In that case, let's get down to business."
"What... Business?" The man's thoughts jumped too suddenly, and Yvonne failed to follow.
"It's midnight in a hotel room, and it's just you and me. What kind of business could it be? Play cards?"
Drew's gaze was mocking and cold, completely devoid of the gentleness she fell in love with. "Are you showering first, or me? Or should we bathe together?"
Yvonne closed her eyes and shook her head. "I'll leave now. I won't disturb your rest."
After that, she wanted to leave, but the man quickly grabbed her waist, pulling her back under his icy stare. "Why, are you mad? How could we sleep together without bathing?"
"Mad? I don't have the right."
Yvonne threw a seductive gaze, but a bitter lump formed in her throat. "Mr. Brown, does a high and mighty noble gentleman like you really want to sleep with a woman like me? No matter how many times I bathe, I can never wash away the dirt on me."
Drew's lips curled up, cocky and unruly. "I know what type of person you are. Since I brought you out, it means I don't care."
"But I care!" Yvonne could not hold back her emotions anymore, shouting in a trembling voice.
Drew was stunned, his thin lips pursing.
Yvonne quickly noticed her outburst and tried to adjust her breathing. Her eyes were bloodshot. "If you worry about me, don't make such a request tonight, for the sake of me helping you and Ms. Bella last time. Treat it as repaying me."
In her ugly world, Drew was the best man she had met.
Because she truly liked him, she did not want him to have any connection with her degenerate life.
She wanted them to stay pure.
Seeing that Yvonne insisted on leaving, Drew's breathing became erratic, the veins bulging on his hand holding her waist. His tone became gentler, coaxing, "It's fine if you don't want to bathe. It's late now, so stay."
Yvonne was indeed exhausted.
Besides, after thinking about it, she would definitely arouse Christopher's suspicion if she went back to Pivotage so soon. Staying the night would give her an excuse when she returned.
In the end, they slept together. However, Yvonne slept on the bed, while Drew lay rigidly on the sofa.
In truth, he never intended to touch her.
They acted the same way as when they just entered the room. Yvonne's high heels were placed properly beside the bed, and her frail body was curled up in the blanket.
An awkward silence spread in the air.
Yvonne wanted to stay awake until dawn but still fell asleep unknowingly.
However, Drew lay there staring at the ceiling, wide awake.
###chapter1772

When Drew heard Yvonne's steady breathing, he got up and walked over lightly, kneeling on one knee beside the bed, his deep gaze staring at her calm and peaceful face.
After a while, he murmured, "You're not like her."
Yvonne seemed to have heard it, her long eyelashes fluttering, a hint of wetness on the comers of her eyes.
Drew's throat bobbed, wanting to wipe away her tears. But in the end, he still withdrew his hand, his proud and dejected figure walking toward the balcony.
The next morning, when Yvonne opened her eyes, Drew was already gone.
She sat up from the warm blankets and was suddenly taken aback.
Drew's black coat was neatly draped over her blanket, clearly leaving it for her.
The last time they met, he remembered she had gastric problems and left medicine for her.
This time, he knew she left in a hurry and did not bring anything warm, so he left her a coat.
"Tsk... You're still so good at taking care of people. The woman who gets to marry you will be a happy one." Yvonne chuckled lightly, her slightly trembling fingertips stroking the coat's fabric.
She got out of bed and wanted to enjoy the morning breeze on the balcony.
But when she pulled the glass doors open, her heart shook violently.
The cigarette butts scattered all over the floor showed one thing-that man did not sleep the whole night.
Last night, Taylor took some men to follow Drew's car.
Let alone the fact that they failed to keep up, that bastard also drifted around corners with godlike driving skills, causing them to crash their luxury car worth millions on the spot.
Christopher ordered him to bring Yvonne back, so Taylor did not dare to slack off and searched the entire area. However, perhaps Drew used a fake identity to book a hotel room, but he could not find him at all. Taylor could only brace himself and return empty-handed.
That night, Christopher's room was a mess.
Taylor could not quite understand. Christopher usually only treated Yvonne as a tool to be used, bearing no genuine feelings for her. Why did he overreact this time?
It almost seemed like he cared much about Yvonne.
Just as everyone in Pivotage was in a state of fear, Yvonne walked openly through the front door with a calm expression.
She came to Christopher, her pretty face unusually bare of any makeup, but it added a sense of natural beauty.
Christopher immediately thought of the time when Yvonne was still not yet "Bella", and his gaze darkened.
His gloomy gaze soon fell on the black coat she was wearing.
"Drew left this for me."
Yvonne admitted honestly, "Do you want me to take it off for you to burn?"
"It's just a coat. If he gave it to you, keep it. I'm not that petty."
Christopher leaned against the sofa, his elbow resting on the armrest. His fist supported his head as he looked at her mockingly. "Did you do it with him?"
Yvonne shook her head with a half-smile. "No. Drew is not an ordinary man. He's not so easily baited."
"No, he's already hooked." Christopher smiled coldly, full of disdain. "As a man, I could see through his thoughts. When he left this coat for you, he had already fallen for you."
Yvonne's heart pounded wildly, her hands clenching into fists inside the coat's pocket.
"Yvonne, you did great. Keep it up and make him fall in love with you, obsessing over you and unable to let go. Then, kill him."
###chapter1773
Chapter 1773
The crimes James had committed over the years were truly too numerous to record.
In particular, his exploitation of the scholarship fund under the Iverson Group to coerce young girls into sexual trade stunned the entire country, causing a public outcry to arise against the Iversons. Their reputation had fallen to the lowest, shattered beyond salvation.
Lance prepared a top-tier legal team for his eldest son.
He thought that although James had multiple charges, since there was no murder on him, coupled with the lawyers and company's efforts and connections, he would be out in seven or eight years at most. However, unexpectedly, five days after James was arrested, someone provided new evidence to the police. At the same time, the accomplice Coral mentioned, who helped James deal with the body and witnessed him kill the girl accidentally, turned himself in due to the pressure and honestly confessed James' crimes. After all, with KS Group and the Salvador Corporation breathing down his neck, the Iverson Group, looked down upon now, did not seem that scary anymore.
The son that Lance valued most, once honored as the Iverson Group's CEO, became a prisoner overnight, now despised by the masses.
James thought he was the smartest among the three sons, but he did not expect his fate to be more miserable than the others.
Seeing his most hated enemy fall, Christopher was still as gloomy as ever.
"Mr. Christopher, although things did not go according to your plan, you have avenged Madam Sophie. James was involved in a murder case. No matter how much Chairman Iverson wanted to save him, he could never get out of prison for the rest of his life. You should be happy," Taylor comforted him on the side.
"Happy? I didn't get the thing I wanted most. How could I be happy?"
In the office, Christopher looked at the overwhelming wave of hateful comments on the Internet directed at the Iverson Group. Their share prices had plummeted to a shocking point. His cold eyes were overshadowed by gloom.
"I wanted to use this crime evidence to exchange for James' company shares. With that, my shares would surpass Lance's, and I would officially become the highest decision-maker in the group.
"Then, I'll expose everything he did to my mother and let the public attack him, kicking him out of the Iverson Group completely. Not like now, when the situation's spiraling out of control. It's like cutting off my nose to spite my face!"
Christopher was the Iverson Group's CEO. If there were trouble with the company, he would have to clean up the never-ending mess.
Initially, he wanted to use Bella and Justin to get rid of James while reaping the benefits.
But now, it seemed he had shot himself in the foot!
Bella once mocked him, saying that he could not have it all.
He and his mother went through hell to return to the Iverson Group. He endured humiliation and planned meticulously to take back everything that belonged to him. Who was to say he could not have it all? He
deserved to gain the best of everything in this world, including Bella.
Taylor held his breath, sweat trickling down his back.
The blow James' scandal had brought to the Iverson Group was heavier than any previous crisis.
The plummeting share prices were only one aspect. In the future, regardless of the political or business world, the Iverson Group will have a hard time. Their time of sharing the glory with the Salvadors might be coming to an end.
"By the way, has Yvonne made any moves in the past few days?" Christopher suddenly asked coldly. Taylor quickly replied, "Ms. Yvonne stayed in Pivotage from morning to night. Apart from her daily tasks, she had no unusual movement."
"She's worked hard for me for so long. It must not be easy for her. Give her a long vacation."
Christopher's slender finger tapped on the table, his tone indifferent. "If we keep such a tight watch on her, how could she have the chance to meet who she wants to see?"
Taylor's heart tightened. "Mr. Christopher, are you suspecting her?"
Christopher glanced at him coldly. "If not her, should I suspect you?"
Taylor was at a loss for words, and he said hesitantly, "But Ms. Yvonne has been with you for so many years, wholeheartedly devoted to you. She has always given everything to the tasks you assigned her. To be honest, as a long-time colleague, I really don't think she's capable of betraying you."
###chapter1774
Chapter 1774
"Devoted to me?" Christopher raised his brows, his gaze cruel and cold. "Don't insult me. Does she deserve it? Let alone me; she doesn't deserve to think about Drew. He's Bella's brother and the fourth son of the Thompson family. Does she not know her own place? I just want to see if Yvonne will kill Drew for me. If she can't do it, I can't guarantee she will receive humane treatment from me."
Taylor was stunned.
It turned out that Christopher still kept Yvonne by his side merely because he wanted to use her to get rid
of Drew.
For some people, once they suspected someone, they could never regain their footing.
At this moment, Taylor's phone vibrated, and his expression immediately changed after picking it up. "What happened?" Christopher asked.
"Mr. Christopher, I just got the news that Chairman Iverson had sent his secretary and lawyer to the prison and had a half-hour-long secret meeting with James!"
Taylor became nervous. "Could James already give his shares to..."
"Prepare the car! We're going to Savrow!"
Christopher's eyes suddenly shot with cold light as he got up furiously, walking out the door.
On the other side, in Yara Park, Bella stood in front of a body-length mirror and looked at her reflection in a valiant and sleek black suit. Her dark hair scattered over her shoulders, her red lips were striking, and calm authority lay within her almond eyes, displaying an unusual determination and composure.
Today was the day she officially showed herself as the president of KS Group in the board of directors meeting.
It marked the beginning of a new era in KS Group, and the battle horns blew.
"My lady, are you nervous?"
Justin's muscular arms hugged her slender waist from behind, his warm lips rubbing against her fair neck.
Bella was tickled by his kiss and squirmed in his embrace, the tough image that she had built up disintegrating under the man's tease. "How can I not be nervous? I don't know what those old foxes are up to. They're probably trying to intimidate me."
"Don't be afraid. I'm here."
Justin took a deep breath between her neck, kissing her smooth skin, his voice hoarse. "If you were bullied or pissed off, you're welcome to complain when you come home. I'll stand up for you."
"Stand up for me? It'd be great if you didn't wear me out instead." Bella lowered her eyes shyly, her voice
soft.
Last night, the man acted like a starved lion, tasting meat for the first time in a long while. He fiercely demanded it from her again and again, and they tried various new positions, making her embarrassed and enthralled.
Her body felt so sore she could not get up this morning, and Justin had to carry her to the shower. Inevitably, he was aroused again, and they went for another round.
It was fine before she said anything, but now, Justin's interest is piqued again. His eyes darkened, and the hand on her waist slowly crept up, leaving a fire wherever it went. He undid two buttons on her shirt. "No..."
Bella grabbed his hands, her shoulder trembling slightly as she felt his fierce arousal beneath.
"There's still time until the meeting." Justin bit her reddened ears softly, coaxing and tempting her in a hoarse voice, "I will be gentle. You don't need to do anything. Bella, let me love you once more, okay?"
###chapter1775
Chapter 1775
At 10:00a.m., Bella's Rolls Royce smoothly came to a stop in front of the KS Group's headquarters building.
A few high-ranking executives were already standing outside the entrance, holding bouquets, as they lined up to welcome her.
In the past, when Bella took over KS World Hotel, she was still an unknown "illegitimate daughter" of Chairman Thompson. After experiencing great storms in her career, she made a name for herself in Savrow and established her reputation in the business field.
The hall on the first floor had been exquisitely decorated. An expensive, luxurious carpet was laid on the floor, and her welcome ceremony was of the highest standard.
Nobody dared to slight the heiress of KS Group.
In the car, Steven adjusted his necktie on the passenger seat and looked at Bella through the rearview mirror, who was resting with her eyes closed.
He reminded her softly, "Ms. Bella, we've arrived."
Bella slowly opened her eyes.
Steven's eyes lit up, and he asked sincerely, "Ms. Bella, the blush you're wearing today is quite beautiful, a mix of pink and red. Could you tell me the brand? I'd like to buy it for Amelia."
Bella's cheeks flushed a deeper shade of red as she recalled her blushing face two hours ago, blooming beautifully underneath Justin's touch.
Justin's large hands caressed every inch of her skin around her waist, lingering lovingly...
What could she say the brand was?
It was all thanks to that perverted man that her waist was still sore now.
Bella quickly changed the topic and glanced at Steven's neat collar. "That's a nice tie. Did Amelia give it to you?"
"Ms. Bella, how did you know?" Steven's usually composed face turned red.
"You don't have a fashion sense like that."
Steven chuckled as he scratched his head, his fingertips lightly brushing the tie, the light within his eyes sparkling with happiness. "The pattern on this tie was embroidered by Amelia. My initials are on the back of it. This is the most unique gift that I love most."
Bella nodded, her lips curling up. "I can tell. I recognize Amelia's work. I thought you'd treasure such a cherished item on an altar. Why'd you bring it to work?"
"I'm nervous to return to the workplace, and wearing Amelia's gift calms me down. I believe it'll bring me good luck too."
"Yeah, we really need to take every step carefully." Bella slightly narrowed her eyes, smiling faintly. "We will have a tough battle to fight."
Steven's gaze darkened, and he handed Bella a prepared document.
In the meeting room, all of the group's board members were present, including a disgruntled Cameron.
The scene was like a morning marketplace, messy and full of noise.
"Although Chairman Thompson could not involve himself in company affairs due to his illness, even if he passes his position down, it should be to you, his only brother!"
Although everyone in the company was Wyatt's subordinate, not all of them were equally loyal. With Wyatt heavily sick and Asher's resignation, the ensuing turmoil had caused a few members of the board to secretly side with Cameron.
"Oh, what am I?" Cameron shrugged helplessly, playing the victim. "Although I am Wyatt's brother, you've all seen me throughout the years. What say do I have in this company? Besides, even if my brother steps down and Asher resigns, the Thompson family still has Axel and Declan. It would never be my turn. Everyone, please don't mock me with such talk."
"Those other children are not made for business. If they were, Chairman Thompson would have trained them long ago. How could they compare to you?!"
"Even in the worst-case scenario, it shouldn't..."
Before their voices fell, the meeting room's door swung open.
###chapter1776
Chapter 1776
Steven entered first with a serious expression, and then, a series of sharp and fierce sounds of high heels followed. Bella's imposing stance felt like it was stepping on everyone's throats, sending a chill down their spines.
"I've been standing at the door for a while. Since all of you are engaged in such a passionate discussion, I almost felt bad for interrupting."
Bella smiled sweetly as she stepped forward. "However, the meeting needs to start. It's not too late to continue your conversation after the meeting."
The crowd was stunned.
Their hearts thumped wildly, trying to recall whether they said anything overboard just now.
Suddenly, Bella's footsteps halted, stopping behind Cameron.
Cameron did not dare to look back, his heart at his throat.
This young woman gave off an overwhelming sense of intimidation.
However, Bella said nothing and walked to the head of the conference table, taking her seat gracefully with a calm and composed smile.
"Everyone, my father is unwell and went overseas for treatment yesterday afternoon."
Bella's furrowed brows exuded a sense of undeniable authority. "I believe everyone in the company has received my official appointment letter. Starting from the date of issuance, I will be KS Group's CEO. Besides, we have two more things to discuss today, one of which is to choose the vice chairman of the board."
The shareholders looked at each other with an ambiguous expression.
"Ms. Bella."
The shareholder who sided with Cameron finally could not help but jump. "Though you are Chairman Thompson's daughter, your experience is still not enough to qualify you as the CEO of KS. Even if you produced some results with KS World Hotel in Savrow, managing a hotel is different from managing a conglomerate. You should go through at least two years of training at the base level and be elected by our vote before assuming this position."
"Yeah... Chairman Thompson's decision seems too hasty!" The others echoed.
Seeing that the voices opposing Bella were increasing, Cameron smiled smugly, his eyes crinkling in satisfaction.
Steven saw that old geezer's smug look and wished he could rush over and kick him in the ribs.
"Oh, Mr. Rodriguez, since you said my father's decision was hasty, why don't you suggest a more cautious method?" Bella slightly swirled her leather chair.
"We think that the vice chairman, as Chairman Thompson's brother, who had served KS Group for nearly thirty years, has the right to be CEO in terms of contributions and experience."
Rodriguez was old-fashioned. Compared to Cameron, who was closer to him, he was definitely unwilling to submit to a young woman. He took the opportunity to challenge Bella. "Such an important matter should go through the board's voting. Even if Chairman Thompson has the highest authority, he shouldn't act unilaterally!"
"Oh." Bella lightly tapped her temple and swung back her chair. "Mr. Rodriguez, if you didn't remind me, I almost forgot an important matter regarding Mr. Cameron. Mr. Cameron, we must thoroughly address your embezzlement of $50 million from the KS Group fund to repay your debt from investment losses." The crowd was stunned.
Embezzlement of $50 million?! Was that not corruption?!
Although $50 million was not an astronomical figure to everyone present here, since it was brought to light, the matter could not be easily brushed off!
Cameron instantly lost his cool, jumping up furiously. "Niece! What do you mean by this?!"
Bella immediately glared at him coldly. "What? Also, you need to use formal titles in public. Calling me your niece is inappropriate in front of others."
The crowd was taken aback, not even daring to breathe heavily.
This young lady was fearless to speak her mind about anything she did not like.
Cameron was so furious that his face turned beet red. "Does my brother know about this?!"
"He doesn't need to know. Now that I am KS Group's CEO, I still have a say in such minor matters."
###chapter1777

Bella leaned back slightly, an indifferent, cold smile dancing on her lips. "You cried to Chairman Thompson that you're broke, and since you're his only brother, he used his personal savings to cover that $50 million for you. Because of this, Chairman Thompson even had a stroke from the anger you caused, which led to the company's turmoil today.
"The loss in KS Group's stock prices and Chairman Thompson's medical and hospitalization fees could add up to at least $10 billion. Since it's not your direct responsibility, I won't hold you to it. However, you must pay for the $50 million you embezzled. It's only right to repay the debt you owe. It's a rule and also a moral obligation."
All of the shareholders' shocked gazes focused on Cameron's stiffened face, which was almost contorted.
Even Rodriguez, who spoke up for him just now, did not dare say a word.
"The money has been covered. Even if it was my brother who paid for it, it was still covered!" Cameron's eyes bulged angrily. "This matter has passed. Bringing up this old matter now is nothing but a personal vendetta!"
"Who said that this matter has passed?" Bella's eyes darkened, and she slammed her palm on the table, causing the others to jump in fright. "What you did was wrong, so there's no way I will allow you to rashly cover it up."
Cameron paled, fear growing in his heart.
Steven looked at Bella with admiration on the side, feeling a surge of satisfaction.
"KS Group is a listed company, not your personal bank, allowing you to withdraw money whenever you want."
Bella's eagle-like eyes stared at Cameron. She was merely sitting there, but her demeanor was regal and commanding. The people looking upon her could not help but feel the instinct to submit to her.
"If I don't punish you, it would be unfair to the other shareholders. Besides, if you had a taste of victory and thought you could get away with this, you might cause a loss of billions of dollars next time, creating a catastrophic disaster. At that time, it'd be too late for anyone to regret it. Therefore, you must repay this money yourself."
Seeing that the situation was disadvantageous to him, Cameron resorted to shamelessness. "Even if you want me to pay, I can't take out so much money right away! Do you want me to sell my house and land? Do you want me and your cousin to sleep on the streets?!"
Cameron's plan was to stall for time and then contact Wyatt immediately after the meeting to complain about Bella.
No matter how much Wyatt doted on his daughter, he only had one brother after all. As long as he played the sympathy card, Wyatt would definitely protect him.
Unexpectedly, Bella raised her voice slightly at this moment. "Mr. Lovett, take out the document and let Mr. Cameron have a look." "Yes, Ms. Bella."
Steven walked to Cameron and threw the document before him.
Cameron flipped through the document in surprise, his mouth immediately hanging open in shock.
"I've listed out all of the assets under your name, Mr. Cameron."
Bella said casually, "You've opened two restaurants in Savrow, ten beauty salons in Hatchbay and Savrow, and a few properties in Meridan and Inalia. These are all your assets. If you sell those two properties and the beauty salons, it will cover the $50 million."
"Bella... You!" Cameron's sight turned black with anger.
Did she want him to go bankrupt?!
"I'll give you half a month to deal with this. If you don't, I will seek a court notice for legal enforcement." Bella's lips curled up disdainfully. "At that time, the issue of tax evasion by your restaurants and beauty salons might not be a secret anymore."
The crowd was impressed. Cameron's scandal brought some drama into their boring lives.
Cameron's shoulders trembled. Looking at the paper in his hands, he felt his head spin.
Bella had done thorough preparation and investigated him meticulously before cornering him this time.
Her sword left the sheath, leaving him no way to retaliate.
Another director could not help asking, "Ms. Bella, didn't you just say that there are two more important matters?"
"The next issue also concerns Mr. Cameron."
Bella smiled, her determined voice echoing in the air. "In today's meeting, I will take the lead to propose the removal of Cameron Thompson from the board of directors and his position as vice chairman."
###chapter1778

As Bella's voice fell, the entire room was shocked.
Bella's presence and authority made them tremble. In a daze, they nearly thought that Chairman Thompson was back!
Cameron's legs shook beneath the table, but he still slammed the table, yelling at Bella with a face red with anger.
"Bella! Even if your father is the chairman and you are the CEO, you have no right to remove my position! Do you think the board is your playground?! You're too cocky! You need to go through a vote to dismiss me!"
His words were clearly responding to Bella's comment earlier that KS Group was not his personal bank. What a petty man!
Bella snorted. "Ha, you're right. Aren't I discussing your issue in the meeting now?"
Rodriguez and Cameron were tied together due to common interests, and he had stakes in those two restaurants. Naturally, he could not let Cameron fall so easily and took Cameron's side.
"Bella..."
"It's Ms. Thompson." Steven stared at Rodriguez sharply.
Rodriguez was taken aback and could only correct himself. "Ms. Thompson, Cameron has made significant contributions to the group over the years, and we've all seen it. Besides, he's your father's brother.
"This matter isn't that serious, and since Chairman Thompson covered the debt, it meant he didn't want to pursue it further. Moreover, if word got out, it would hurt KS Group and the Thompson family."
Upon hearing his words, Bella smiled disdainfully. "Not that serious? Then why don't you pay the $50 million for him, Mr. Rodriguez?" Rodriguez was rendered speechless.
"The reason I'm only dismissing him is because he's my father's brother. Otherwise, it would be the police telling him all this now."
The smile on Bella's lips vanished. "As for the Thompson family's reputation, none of you need to worry about it. I'm representing my father and the KS Group to clean out some trash. If word got out, anyone with a conscience would think I'm doing the right thing. They'll see that the KS Group's executives are upright and good leaders who are not afraid to do the right thing. Everyone, if we want the company to thrive in a good direction, we must get rid of the rotten apples."
The crowd fell silent.
Rodriguez's face turned green. Bella's words were essentially calling him rotten and corrupt.
"It's not up to you to remove me from my position!"
Cameron played his trump card, bringing out Wyatt again and acting shamelessly. "I want to call my brother! I want to meet him! Your words don't count!"
Steven's eyes widened angrily, and he said in a low but commanding voice, "Mr. Cameron, you are in a board meeting. You cannot cause a scene here. Besides, while Chairman Thompson is recuperating, Ms. Bella has the right to chair meetings and make key decisions for the group. Everything is done according to the rules and regulations. Do you want to challenge Chairman Thompson's decision, or are you not taking Ms. Bella seriously?"
"You're only a secretary. How dare you talk back to me?!" Cameron pointed at Steven's face viciously, revealing his true colors. Cameron looked less like a respectable and noble corporate executive; his vicious appearance was more like that of a street thug.
"An ungrateful and treacherous scumbag like you better not appear in front of my father again, lest you dirty his eyes." Bella turned her chair away, back facing the crowd, not even sparing Cameron a glance.
The highest level of contempt was total disregard.
"Who's ungrateful?! You..."
"You leaked the video of my father having an episode during the meeting, didn't you?" Bella skipped the nonsense and went straight to the point. The crowd was stunned, their gazes turning complicated.
Cameron's heart sank, and his face instantly paled. "What proof do you have to suspect me? What does it have to do with me?!"
"Back then, the people who witnessed my father having an episode are all sitting here today. You all signed a confidentiality agreement." Bella's voice was cold and intimidating. "Anyone who leaked information would have to pay billions in penalties but also be removed from the board and all positions in KS Group. Everyone here knows it. Nobody is willing to risk a year's dividend just to see my father humiliated."
###chapter1779

Cameron's heart raced with panic, almost having a heart attack.
He could see that everyone present had signed a confidentiality agreement, including Rodriguez, but no one had told him about it.
"At that time, among all of the board members, only you did not sign the agreement. The surveillance footage of the incident can only be obtained through the company's monitoring room. So it's impossible for outsiders to intervene. "Steven stared at him coldly, throwing out more evidence. Cameron was exasperated. "In the KS Group, just this building alone has thousands of employees! Many of them have access to the monitoring room! You're just trying to pin this on me without any evidence!"
Bella pursed her lips with a half-smile, shaking her head. "Actually, if you chose a place with a public network, like a train station, airport, or cafe, it would have been harder for me to trace.
"But perhaps due to your age, you're unfamiliar with this type of modern criminal method, so you chose to use your home computer and network to upload the video, thinking there's nothing to worry about if you create a burner account. Even if you don't know, you should have asked your daughter. Such an arrogant and blindly confident method is really your style, Uncle Cameron."
The crowd stifled laughter, looking at Cameron as if he were an idiot.
Cameron was shocked, angry, and afraid. His face twisted, and his body swayed as he struggled to stand straight.
"You... You... Nonsense!"
"Mr. Lovett, after the meeting, pass the evidence I've gathered so far to the police. If they check the IP address that uploaded the video, the answer will naturally reveal itself."
"Don't...!" Cameron's forehead was full of sweat as he blurted out in a panic.
Immediately, his expression stiffened as if he were struck by lightning!
It was as good as admitting it.
"Oh God... They're siblings! How could he do such a treacherous act? It's too shameful!"
"Exactly. We should keep our distance from Cameron in the future. He could even scheme against his own brother, let alone us!"
The room buzzed with whispers. At the very least, Cameron's reputation at KS Group was ruined.
"Now, we will proceed with the voting."
Bella casually turned her chair back, her gaze sweeping across the crowd. Her tone was calm, but it carried a hint of dominance. "Those in favor of removing Cameron Thompson from the board and his position as vice chairman, please raise your hand."
Then, she raised her slender arm.
The next second, everyone's arms shot up neatly, with Rodriguez, who stood up for Cameron just now, being the fastest.
Cameron supported himself on the table with his arms, glaring at Bella with eyes filled with rage and hatred.
Initially, he had linked up with a few directors, preparing to use the meeting to oppose her appointment as CEO, leveraging their collective power to overthrow her and nominate himself instead!
He had even promised them benefits if he successfully became CEO, but in the end, his plan backfired, and he completely kicked himself out of the picture, leaving no place for him in KS Group.
Bella Thompson was indeed ruthless.
"I hereby announce that, starting from this moment, Mr. Cameron Thompson is no longer affiliated with the KS Group."
Bella's clear and dark eyes were filled with frost. "Mr. Cameron, you still have a few shares, so just wait for the dividends. Stay out of the company's affairs. To protect the interests of the other shareholders, I will never re-employ someone with broken credit like you."
Cameron's face was as dark as coal, and he clutched his chest, nearly choking on his anger.
"Next, for the final item on today's meeting agenda."
Bella said steadily with a faint smile, "We will elect a new vice chairman for KS Group. I hold two votes, my father's and my own. If anyone wants to recommend someone else, please speak up, and Mr. Lovett will calculate the votes. You can vote for yourself too."
The room fell silent again.
###chapter1780

The board members looked at each other. In the end, the responsibility to speak up fell on an older director. He smiled politely and respectfully. " We all vote for Ms. Bella. From now on, we will follow your lead."
The crowd echoed in agreement.
Having dealt with the trouble that was Cameron, the meeting progressed smoothly.
After concluding the three major issues, Bella sat up gracefully and smiled.
"Thank you, everyone, for making time in your busy schedule to join this meeting. I hope to have pleasant cooperation with everyone for a
brighter future for KS Group. I won't take up more of your precious time. We'll adjourn the meeting here."
With that, Bella strode toward the door with her head held high, exuding an imposing air, and Steven followed closely behind.
Suddenly, she stopped behind Cameron again, turning her beautiful high heels, and leaned down to whisper mockingly in his ear. "Your blade is too blunt. What are you going to use to fight against me?"
Cameron was enraged, his hands shaking uncontrollably as if he were having a seizure.
"Uncle Cameron, if you are willing to find a place to quietly live out your days from now on, I won't do anything to you. But if you dare to cause more trouble, I won't just kick you out of KS Group."
"Ms. Bella! You were so cool and impressive today! Absolutely amazing! Did you see that old geezer's expression?"
On the way back to the CEO's office, Steven's eyes lit up with excitement, muttering nonstop. "He looked like he swallowed a fly. It was priceless!" "Cameron seriously thinks that he could stop me from taking the position of CEO and vice chairman by rallying a few minions. Does he think I am an easy target?"
Bella walked forward resolutely. "I want him to spit out everything he took from our family, with interest."
"But I don't understand something. Since you've gotten hold of evidence of Cameron setting up Chairman Thompson, why not hand it to the police and let them handle it? Have him detained for half a month or so."
"First of all, detaining him would not solve the problem, and it would only publicize the incident again, causing Wyatt further harm."
Bella's beautiful eyes were clouded by shadows. "Besides, we need to aim for his Achilles' heel. Cameron's weakness is his position in KS Group. Over the years, he has flaunted his status as Wyatt's brother and KS Group's vice chairman to fool around outside. Wyatt pretended not to know due to their relationship. Ha, but it won't work on me. I can't tolerate that scumbag!"
Upon hearing it, although Steven felt indignant, he could not help but smile.
When they came to the entrance, Bella pushed the door open and entered, but Steven wisely stayed outside.
"Justin?!"
Bella's eyes widened slightly, her heart thumping wildly as she saw Justin standing in the middle of the office with a bouquet of blooming red roses in front of him.
There were 999 roses.
"Ms. Bella, you look radiant. It seems the board meeting went well."
The man plucked the most beautiful bloom, his eyes sparkling like stars, and slowly walked to her.
He knelt on one knee and offered the rose, his low voice hoarse and trembling. "Darling, you've worked hard. I hope you don't mind my small gift."
Bella's eyes reddened as she touched the rose, pretending to be calm. She teased, "Jacques Cartier roses? Mr. Salvador, you have good taste. They are quite beautiful."
Suddenly, he grabbed her wrist.
Justin stood up straight, his hands resting on the back of her waist, as he lowered his head to bite lightly at her inviting lips.
They were soft and shaking, like a delicious strawberry gummy.
"No matter how beautiful the roses are, they can never compare to you."
###chapter1781
Chapter 1781
Justin gently pinched Bella's chin, his thin lips covering her red lips, smearing the lipstick that captivated his heart.
His passionate kiss lingered around her lips, tasting the unparalleled sweetness.
The couple were entangled in the kiss for a while, and just before the flames of desire could spread, they tacitly released each other.
Justin stared at Bella's flushed face and glistening lips, smiling satisfyingly. "Now, your lips are even more charming than the flowers."
"You cling to me too much, asking for a kiss or something else whenever we meet... Let me take a breath sometimes, okay?"
Bella's soft body snuggled into his arms, her fingers poking his solid chest muscles, which was her favorite intimate move.
Every time she poked and touched him, her mood would improve, no matter how bad.
"I want a kiss and something more. Will you give it to me? Imm?" Justin's warm lips brushed against her ears, his hoarse voice carrying a hint of lust.
Bella's shoulders trembled slightly, the deep blush on her cheeks giving away the answer.
The couple leaned on each other on the sofa, gazing at the large bouquet of fiery roses as they enjoyed the warm and happy moment.
"Thanks for finding Cameron's weakness, which is his business evading tax and smuggling. It forced him to think of a way to spit out the $50 million in public funds."
Bella mischievously scratched the man's chin, her eyes full of praise. "My dear Mr. Salvador, you're indeed resourceful, always sharing my burdens and making me happy."
As she spoke, she wrapped her arms around his neck and teasingly kissed his thin, cool lips lightly." Tonight, I'll reward you generously."
"Your Majesty, thank you for your gracious favor." His tone was deep and gentle.
The man, normally stern and serious, was incredibly obedient in front of Bella, indulging her whims. "You look like a gigolo now." Bella rubbed her fingers against his curled lips. "Pretty slutty, but I like it."
"Cameron is chased out of KS and has a debt of $50 million." Justin grabbed her hand gently. "Bella, shall we stop here?"
"Stop here?"
Bella snorted coldly, her eyebrows raising higher. "We must hit him where it hurts. I'm evil, so why would I let that black sheep of the family off easily?"
Justin pursed his lips, unable to suppress a smile.
"On the surface, I've let him off. But secretly, I can always backstab him."
Bella snuggled in the man's arms and found a comfortable position. "The restaurants Cameron opened had great business these past two years, and Mr. Rodriguez had invested in them. Those types of shops can't withstand investigation. Any investigation would reveal at least millions in tax evasion."
"Do you want to bleed him further?" Justin's eyes narrowed. "It'd be easy."
"This way, Mr. Rodriguez will think twice about whom he should side with to protect himself in KS Group from now on."
Bella shook her fingers. "How could he have a future if he aligned himself with Cameron?"
At this moment, Justin's phone rang. It was Ian.
"Ian, what's up?"
"Mr. Salvador, Lance sent his lawyer and secretary to meet James in prison today."
Jan reported his first-hand news, sounding worried. "Would there be any unexpected changes, letting the Iversons take advantage of some loophole to bail that animal out?!"
"No, the evidence is solid. James has walked into a dead end and has no possibility of a comeback."
Justin's gaze darkened. "Lance sent someone over, most likely to settle accounts with his son."
Bella knowingly smiled. "The scale of power in the Iverson Group is about to shift. I bet the venomous snake hiding in a ditch is jumping out of desperation now that things did not go his way."
In the VIP ward of Hatchbay Hospital, Lance looked at the share transfer agreement signed by James, his expression turning gloomy and unreadable.
"Chairman Iverson, are you really not going to see Mr. James one last time?" His secretary asked hesitantly.
"Did he leave you any other messages?" Lance's tone was indifferent, as if the person in prison were not his son but a complete stranger.
For the Iversons, the blood flowing through their veins was colder than a snake's.
They experienced happiness and sorrow, but after the initial anger, they would immediately detach themselves from such emotions and return to their fight for power, as if only endless schemes and plots could warm their blood.
###chapter1782
Chapter 1782
The secretary was shocked. "In... In his original words?"
Lance said impatiently, "Of course!"
"Mr. James said, 'Marrying that bitch is the stupidest decision you've made in your life.""
"Fucking bullshit!"
Lance punched the bed angrily, his eyes filled with rage. "I trusted him unconditionally, regarded him highly, and pushed him to become the Iverson Group's CEO. Failing to see his true colors is the stupidest decision I've made!"
In any case, it was all his fault.
Thinking back to what happened at the dinner banquet and how this ungrateful bastard schemed against his wife and kept it a secret for so many years, causing his reputation to plummet and shaking the Iverson Group, Lance wished he could storm into prison to shoot James a hundred times.
"Mr. James also said that Mr. Christopher suddenly returned to Savrow from Sentania, not because he wanted to help you with your troubles. He had been lying low, gathering his strength to avenge his mother and take the Iverson Group for himself."
The secretary dared not change anything about James' last words since it was an important matter. He could only relay the message word-for-word. "Mr. Charles and Ms. Astrid ended up like this, seemingly due to the Thompson family, but in actuality, Mr. Christopher was behind it all. Mr. James also said that now that the three of them are down, Mr. Christopher's next target will be you."
Lance's body shook. The blood drained from his ashen face.
At this moment, he recalled carefully. The turmoil in the Iverson Group seemed to have started after Christopher returned.
Back then, although Sophie was framed by his three children and he was deceived, Lance listened to their slanders without investigating and threw the mother and son to fend for themselves in Sentania for fifteen years.
Lance was the one who dealt the fatal blow to Christopher and Sophie.
Thinking of this, a chill went down Lance's spine. The tiny glimmer of guilt in his heart was quickly replaced by fear and anger.
Suddenly, the ward's door swung open.
Christopher's handsome face was shrouded in a layer of heavy and cold shadow, his faintly smiling eyes mixed with a chilling evil light.
Lance's pupils contracted, and he subconsciously wanted to hide the share transfer agreement in his hands.
However, it was too late. Christopher had seen it when he came in, his gaze turning more vicious.
"Why are you here?" Lance pretended to be calm and quickly handed the agreement to his secretary.
"Dad, I'm the only son you have left." Christopher chuckled. "You're sick and hospitalized. If I don't visit you, who will?"
He walked to the sofa and sat down, crossing his legs, acting as if he had the upper hand.
This brat did not take Lance, the head of the family, seriously at all. He was arrogant and ambitious.
"I'm fine. It's nothing. You can go."
"Besides visiting you, I wanted to inform you of another matter."
Christopher said casually, "Tomorrow, I will bring my mother to live at the Iverson Residence."
"No. I won't allow it!"
Lance refused angrily, "Your mother and I are no longer married. It's inappropriate for us to live under the same roof! Besides, your mother is gravely ill, mentally unstable, and should be living in a hospital. What would you do if she had an episode?!"
"Don't you realize your mistake by now?"
"I should be asking you this!" Lance turned his embarrassment into anger, his muddy brain clearing up at this moment. "What did you mean by exposing everything at the dinner that day? You've been planning it. for a long time, haven't you?
"You wanted to let the Iverson Group fall into a crisis and then appear as the company's savior at the right time, suppressing James and Charles, obtaining my trust, and pushing me to make you CEO! You haven't changed one bit. You were cunning as a child, and now, you're still full of schemes. I almost fell for it!" Christopher snorted indifferently. "Dad, are you sick or senile? What good would it do me to throw the Iverson Group into chaos? Perhaps James asked someone to pass on these thoughts to you. It doesn't feel like something you'd come up with yourself."
Lance was so mad that his chest hurt. "You...!"
"At this point, I'd suggest you go along with my wishes. Otherwise, you can find someone else to solve the company's problems."
His words were an outright threat.
Christopher's lips curled into a cold and sharp smile, increasingly aggressive. "As long as you let my mother return home and transfer James' shares to me, I could resolve the Iverson Group's crisis and even inject a substantial amount of funds into the company. It's all up to you."
###chapter1783
Chapter 1783
Christopher's wild and greedy ambitions were now glaringly obvious.
At this moment, Lance finally saw through this little bastard's true nature.
If he had not been deceived by Christopher's outstanding acting skills back then and trusted his eldest son more, supporting him to stay in the CEO's position instead of constantly suppressing him, perhaps things would not have turned out like this. He had given Christopher the chance to take advantage of them.
So what if Christopher could help him resolve the company's troubles?
Making a deal with this cunning and evil bastard, even if he was his own son, was no different than negotiating with the devil himself!
Therefore, Lance's intelligence kicked in. His tone eased after he calmed down. He could only take a step back. "Christopher, I can let your mother come back to live at the Iverson Manor, but the shares cannot be transferred to you."
Christopher pushed his gold-rimmed glasses. "Didn't James do just that?"
"Your brother was charged with multiple sentences and might never leave prison in this lifetime. Coral has divorced him, and I am now the first in line to obtain his shares. They are rightfully mine."
Although Lance was seething inside, he could only play along, considering that Christopher was the only person he could rely on. "If the company shares had a major change, it would affect the power balance, and it would have to go through the board of directors.
"The shareholders are already a little dissatisfied that I disregarded the ing voices to promote you. Now that so many issues have arisen, we'd better not shake things up further. If you do a good job, you will be the Iverson Group's only heir without the need to fight for it."
Christopher understood his words.
On one hand, Lance drew a picture for him, asking him to continue working for the Iverson Group. On the other hand, he was subtly reminding him that a CEO was merely a high-level employee.
As long as Lance still held majority shares and controlled the board, kicking Christopher out of the Iverson Group was only a matter of his words.
"Ha, I get it."
Christopher's expression was dark, as if hiding a brewing storm. In the end, he said nothing. He abruptly stood up and strode out of the room without so much as a word.
Lance was so enraged that his heart hurt, and he had to take a handful of pills to calm down.
Back in the car, Christopher's eyes bulged in anger, and he punched the car window fiercely with his fists. "That old geezer doesn't want to give you James' shares?" Taylor gritted his teeth indignantly. "You're the only son he has left now. The Iverson Group will become yours sooner or later. Does he want to bring the shares into his coffin, holding on to them like that?!"
"That may be true, but I'm afraid the Boss could not wait anymore."
Christopher tugged on his tie frustratingly, still feeling suffocated in his chest, which would not ease." I've basically declared war on Lance. We just haven't completely torn off the pretense."
"It's all that bastard's fault for influencing Ms. Bella to do this! They've completely disrupted your
plans!" Taylor was enraged. "Mr. Christopher, we can't be playing into their hands. We must fight back!"
Christopher's sinister gaze darkened as he pulled out his phone.
Just as he found Zoe's number, another call coincidentally came in.
Christopher's heart tightened, and he hesitated for a while before answering it respectfully and cautiously, "Sir."
"Have you gotten James' shares?"
Grant's clear voice rang out from the other end, carrying a hint of coldness that suppressed him.
"I'm sorry, sir,"
Christopher straightened his back. "Due to the change in situation, James was brought away by the police at the dinner, causing the leverage I have...."
"To become useless." Grant's voice revealed no emotion.
"Sir, I'm really sorry. But please be assured, I will definitely think of something..."
"What solution could you possibly think of?" Grant's tone was laced with contempt. "If you have James' shares, you'd have the power to stand against your father equally. But now, he still holds the Iverson Group's lifeline. In his eyes, you are merely a higher-level laborer."
Higher-level laborer.
These words were indeed a great humiliation to Christopher.
Hearing no response from him, Grant chuckled and asked calmly, "Your father... Has he been ill recently and hospitalized?"
"Yes."
"Heart disease?"
"It's a heart condition, but it doesn't seem to be as serious as I thought."
"He's old and aging. If he doesn't take good care of his body, a small illness could be fatal. Don't you agree, Mr. Christopher?"
Grant's words were casual but struck Christopher like a revelation. A chill spread throughout his entire body.
"I understand what you mean, sir."
"The man you borrowed from me has arrived at Pivotage. Ms. Yvonne is attending to him. I hope you won't let me down this time."
Before Christopher could answer, the call suddenly ended.
The car fell into deadly silence.
"Mr. Christopher... Did he make things difficult for you?" Taylor asked carefully.
Christopher grasped his phone tightly, his eyes gradually turning cold. "Return to Pivotage."
###chapter1784
Chapter 1784
Good news did not travel far, but bad news spread like wildfire.
The news that Cameron was chased out of the board and dismissed from his position because he embezzled public funds spread across the KS Group at lightning speed.
Everyone was delighted to hear it.
Cameron had abused his power in the company, relying on his status as Wyatt's brother. Everyone had been dissatisfied with his corrupt actions for many years. When Bella took office and got rid of the blood- sucking parasite, how could they not feel relieved?
Cameron returned home dejectedly and angrily threw his coat at the maid as he entered.
The maid did not react in time, letting the coat fall to the floor. It was a trivial matter, but Cameron furiously kicked the maid, sending her sprawling and unable to get up for a long while.
"Useless trash! Get out!"
Cecily hurried over at this moment, full of anxiety. "Dad! Were you fired?! Is it true?"
Even his useless daughter, who only thought about spending money and plastic surgery, had heard of it. It was evident how widespread this matter was.
The whole business community in Hatchbay probably knew about it too.
Cameron jumped up madly, smashing everything on the coffee table to the floor. He thought that with this board meeting, he could take advantage of the fact that Wyatt and Asher were not in Hatchbay to give Bella a hard time.
Unexpectedly, he was utterly defeated and disgraced by Bella, making him lose face.
"If you already knew about it, how could it be fake?!" Cameron was so furious that the corner of his lips twitched.
"If you have no position in KS Group anymore, what will happen to me?!" Cecily was burning with anxiety, quickly running over to grab her father's arm and shaking him furiously. "How will I stand in the elite circle? Those rich young men and women are too full of themselves. If you're chased out of KS Group, they won't hang out with me anymore! It'd be harder for me to marry a wealthy man!"
Thinking of this, Cameron had a worse headache. His daughter's marriage prospects were directly affected by his loss of power.
"It's all thanks to that bitch, Bella! She thinks she could take charge because those of higher status than her weren't here!"
"Dad, you should go and beg Uncle Wyatt! You are his only brother, and he's always doted on you. If you beg him, perhaps..."
"No!" Cameron waved his hand, throwing Cecily off. "Bella knew that it was me who released the footage. She probably hasn't told Wyatt yet, or things wouldn't be so calm! If I beg Wyatt to have mercy on me at this time, she will immediately tell him about it.
"Wyatt doesn't have any strange habits, but he values his image more than anything. If he knew I was the one who stomped on his face, he would probably cut ties with me. Then my get-out-of-jail-free card would be gone!"
Cecily was stunned. "So... Bella used this matter as blackmail to threaten you. She already knew you would try to seek Uncle Wyatt's help. That bitch! How could she be so cunning?"
Cameron's gaze was dark and gloomy as he fell into deep thought.
He knew Wyatt was always indulging his whims, not out of brotherly love. More of it was because he saved the life of Wyatt's one true love-Yara Brown.
His goddess-like sister-in-law had passed away almost two decades ago but had protected him all this time.
But after Bella had taken office, his leverage was running out. Cameron had to think of another way to protect himself.
"Mr. Cameron! Shit! Things are bad!" His secretary ran in, panicking, "Just now, the IRS seized two restaurants under your name and five beauty salons under Ms. Cecily's name!"
The father and daughter paled. "What?!"
"Based on our initial estimate, the restaurants alone have to repay over $20 million in taxes. We still haven't calculated the taxes for those five beauty salons. If they continue investigating, the total could reach $40 million to $50 million!
"Also, Mr. Rodriguez called me just now. He said you're not picking up your calls. He wanted me to inform you that you must compensate his losses on the restaurants, not a penny less. Otherwise... He won't let it
go!"
Cecily collapsed onto the sofa dejectedly, on the verge of tears.
Cameron felt his vision go black, and his heart suffered from intense pain under the emotional distress. "Bella Thompson... How dare you backstab me?! I'll never forgive you!"
Christopher rushed back to Pivotage as fast as he could. After all, he was the one who borrowed a man from Grant. Even if it was just a subordinate, he could neglect him.
Yvonne was already at the entrance to greet him when he arrived.
"He's here?" Christopher asked indifferently.
"Yes. He's in the private room."
"Is he easy to deal with?"
Yvonne frowned. "He's a man with fewer words, and he feels strange."
"Strange?"
"You'll know when you meet him."
Christopher walked to the private room, and Yvonne opened the door.
"Wait at the door," Christopher said before entering.
Yvonne's expression stiffened, secretly clenching her fingers. She knew that Christopher had started suspecting her.
If she did not make a move on Drew, she would gradually be marginalized. It was clear what would be waiting for her in the end.
In the spacious and luxurious room, a tall and lean man, wearing a black leather jacket and a casual black shirt inside, was drinking a vodka of high alcohol concentration.
His expression was cold and aloof as he downed one glass after another, as if the highly concentrated
alcohol was merely water in his throat.
Christopher composed himself and walked to the man with a smile. "Thanks for coming all this way."
But the man did not even spare him a glance, focusing solely on his drink.
Christopher could not help looking a little displeased, but remembering that the man was sent by Grant, he maintained his patience and asked, "May I know your name?"
The man's voice was hoarse and cold. "Jace Bailiff."
"I'm Christopher Iverson, the person in charge of Sentania and Savrow markets for the Boss. Nice to meet
you."
Christopher extended his right hand, and Jace raised his head at this moment.
In the dim lights, with half his face covered by his hair, Christopher did not see his face clearly.
Now, he got a good view of Jace's face, taking in his sharp eyebrows, handsome features, and the deep,
cold pair of eyes that seemed like he had seen too much.
Christopher stared straight at this decent-looking face, his heart skipping a beat!
Jace suddenly asked coldly, "Who do you want to kill?"
###chapter1785
Chapter 1785
Jace's question left Christopher speechless.
"You just need to send me that person's name, address, and picture. You don't need to say anything else." Jace lowered his head and took another sip of wine.
Christopher stared intently at Jace's face, his smile not reaching his eyes. "I don't need you to kill anyone. Just take control of somebody so my men can handle the rest."
"Got it. Send me the details."
After that, Jace finished the last shot of liquor and got up with his hands in his pocket. Then he walked out the door with steady steps.
Despite drinking so much, he could still walk in a straight line. Interesting.
Christopher watched him and said, "I've ordered my employee to prepare a deluxe suite for you. You can rest upstairs."
"The Boss has arranged a place for me. I only listen to his orders."
With a bang, the door swung closed.
Christopher stood in the dark alone, immediately taking out his phone and opening the search engine, typing a name in the search bar.
Several old news articles appeared, but the photos attached were extremely clear.
At this time, Yvonne happened to enter the room. She gazed at his shaking figure and asked tentatively," Mr. Christopher... Are you alright?"
"Hahaha!"
Christopher stared at his phone and suddenly laughed wildly, his eerie laughter making Yvonne's scalp tingle.
"Is there anyone more capable than the Boss?"
Christopher laughed so hard he fell on the sofa, trying to catch his breath as his usually pale face turned red. "Justin... Just you wait. This is your true opponent!"
Yvonne looked at the man, who was laughing maniacally, and felt a surge of chill spread throughout her limbs.
She vaguely felt that Christopher knew the assassin, and they seemed to have a history.
During this period, major events occurred one after another, stirring up big waves in Savrow and Hatchbay.
James was arrested, and the Iverson Group was experiencing an almost irreversible reputation crisis. Lance's hospitalization due to his heart condition was heavily reported by the media. The old man had been reported dead several times in the past few days.
On KS Group's side, Bella successfully took over and established her authority, her first act being to deal with Cameron.
Not only did she get rid of the vermin in their family, but she also earned back the $50 million.
Although $50 million was nothing much to the Thompson family, Bella would never allow an ungrateful scum like Cameron to get away with even a penny.
She did not take any of the $50 million seized from Cameron and donated all of it to the charity foundation created in Justin's mother's name.
The Hoffman Group was holding a board meeting this morning.
Ryan woke up early in the morning. By the time he finished washing up and getting dressed, Carrie was still cuddling her bear plushie. Her peaceful sleeping face was rosy, and her full lips parted with each breath.
Last night, he could not hold back and took her again.
While indulging in pleasure, his wife sobbed on his shoulder, saying that she wanted to wake up early the next morning to prepare his clothes, brew coffee, and make breakfast.
She knew that it was a very important day for her man, and as his wife, she needed to be up and ready.
But Ryan gently responded while thrusting into her harder. After their lovemaking session, Carrie felt as if
she was run over by a truck, melting into his arms, and passing out immediately.
Ryan knew his lover too well. If they did it the night before, she would definitely sleep in the next day.
###chapter1786
Chapter 1786
This was exactly what Ryan wanted.
He did not need his delicate little wife to do anything for him. All he wanted was for her to stay home and wait for him to return home from work.
This was the happiness he had been pursuing all his life.
Ryan gazed at Carrie's sleeping face for a long time, feeling another surge of desire in his heart.
But in the end, he restrained himself.
He bent down and kissed her gently for a while, never getting enough of it. Then he stroked her cheek and said "I love you" several times before reluctantly leaving the room.
Downstairs, Yasmin and a newly promoted secretary were respectfully waiting for Ryan.
Yasmin had become a dedicated private assistant and bodyguard for Carrie. However, Ryan needed someone reliable by his side, too, so Yasmin recommended her apprentice, Dean, for the position of Ryan's new secretary.
"Mr. Hoffman!" The two bowed in unison.
"Yasmin, take good care of the house and Carrie."
With Dean's help, Ryan donned a black coat. Then, he reminded Yasmin, as usual, "If anything happens, contact me immediately. It doesn't matter, even if I'm in a meeting. You can call me anytime. Nothing is more important than Carrie."
"Yes, Mr. Hoffman." Yasmin nodded earnestly.
"Master, we're leaving now," Dean said, looking at Yasmin with bright eyes.
"Go on. Make sure to assist Mr. Hoffman well," Yasmin said as she gently raised her eyebrows, a bit like a worried mother.
Dean made an "OK" gesture and followed Ryan out the door.
Upon hearing the luxury car drive away, Yasmin let out a long sigh of relief and showed a knowing smile.
After all the hard work, it was finally time to reap the rewards.
Knowing Carrie would not wake up just yet, Yasmin went to the kitchen to prepare a scrumptious breakfast.
After a short while of preparing breakfast, the doorbell suddenly rang.
Yasmin thought Ryan had forgotten something and returned to retrieve it.
She quickly took off her apron and hurried to the entrance.
However, through the video monitor, the face that appeared was that of a stranger.
The man wore a black suit. Upon closer inspection, his features were sharp and well-defined. When he stared straight at Yasmin, his eyes gave off a strong, oppressive, and chilling masculine presence.
Suddenly, Yasmin's heart clenched. Even the pulse in her wrist throbbed inexplicably.
There were very few people who could exert such an intimidating presence on her.
"Who are you?"
Yasmin's eyes were full of vigilance as she slowly stepped back two paces, even reaching for the gun tucked behind her waist.
"I'm with the Hoffman Group,"
The man then stated bluntly, his expression blank, as if he were reciting from a script, "By Chairman Hoffman's order, I'm here to take Ms. Carrie out for a while."
"I haven't received such instructions, and without Mr. Ryan Hoffman's orders, no one can bring Young Madam away,"
Yasmin's gaze darkened as she tightly gripped the gun in her hand. "Who exactly are you?"
Tired of speaking, the man outside had lost his patience.
He pulled something out from his coat and attached it directly to the keypad lock outside the door. Then he pressed a button.
After a few beeps, a muffled bang erupted from the door.
It blew open the high-security door just like that.
###chapter1787
Yasmin's eyes gleamed with a fierce, cold light as she swiftly raised her hand, pointing the gun straight at the intruding man.
Just as she was about to pull the trigger, the man moved with lightning speed, delivering a spinning kick that sent the gun flying from her hand, causing a cold sweat to break out on her forehead out of pain. Without catching her breath, Yasmin immediately grabbed a fruit knife from the coffee table and lunged at him, aiming the blade straight at his chest.
The two engaged in fierce and thrilling hand-to-hand combat.
Yasmin's combat skills were impressive after receiving special training since childhood in close-quarter combat techniques used by professional assassins.
However, after a dozen exchanges, she found herself struggling against this devilishly skilled man.
He was like a killing machine. Several of his moves nearly caught her off guard and could have easily ended her life.
"Ugh-!"
The man quickly found an opening in Yasmin's defenses, countered her attack, and twisted her arm to snatch the fruit knife from her grip. He then delivered a brutal kick to her back, sending her sprawling. But that was not enough. To ensure Yasmin could not defend herself any further, he plunged the knife into her left leg.
"Y-You're not from the Hoffman Group. No one there has skills like yours!"
The excruciating pain clouded Yasmin's vision. But even in this state, she did not cry out or beg for mercy. Instead, she gritted her teeth while her entire body was trembling from the pain.
"Who sent you here...? Who are you with?!"
In response to her questioning, Jace remained silent.
Sparing words and working efficiently were hallmarks of a professional assassin.
Although the soundproofing in the villa was excellent, the commotion still woke Carrie up.
She rubbed her eyes and slowly sat up. But by then, it was all quiet downstairs.
It was as if what she had heard earlier was just an illusion.
Carrie put on her coat, clutching her teddy bear tightly with her slender arms, and began to walk downstairs.
"Yasmin? Yasmin?"
As she reached the middle of the stairs, she gasped in shock.
Yasmin was nowhere to be seen.
In her place was Jace, casually sitting on the sofa, peeling an apple with the fruit knife.
"W-Who are you?" Carrie's breath hitched, and her slender, fair legs trembled slightly.
Jace raised his eyes coldly, glancing at the pretty girl, his eyes devoid of emotion.
"Are you Ms. Carrie Salvador?"
Carrie stood frozen, unable to move or speak.
But her silence only served as confirmation of Jace's question.
Jace peeled the entire apple in one continuous strip, not breaking it once. He then cut off a piece of the flesh and was about to eat it when he paused and asked, "Want some?"
Carrie's clear, doe eyes were filled with fear and confusion as she stiffly shook her head.
Jace popped the piece into his own mouth, chewing it loudly. "Ms. Carrie, Chairman Hoffman sent me here to bring you over."
"Where's Yasmin?" Carrie fixed her eyes on him, her hand behind her back already swiping her phone screen open.
"Don't move, Ms. Carrie."
Although Jace was not looking at Carrie, he was fully aware of Carrie's actions. He then coolly said, ' That's if you want to see Yasmin again."
###chapter1788
Chapter 1788
The man confiscated Carrie's phone and escorted her into the car.
Cold sweat soaked Carrie's shivering back as her slender, fragile body curled up pitifully next to Jace. She was still clutching her teddy bear, her hands trembling uncontrollably.
Despite facing unknown dangers, Carrie did not cry or beg Jace for mercy. She sat quietly, like a beautiful doll, waiting for her fate. It ironically made it harder for others to be too cruel to her.
Before leaving the villa, Jace grabbed another two apples.
He took a bite from one and offered the other to the girl.
"Do you want a bite?" he asked.
Carrie slowly lifted her pale, tense face. Her soft lips were colorless, and her sweat-dampened hair clung to her cheeks. Her voice was light and weak. "Are you really sent by the Hoffman Group to get me?"
Jace remained silent and kept the apple.
"Are you going to kill me?"
Jace continued to chew loudly.
"If I'm your target, please don't harm Yasmin." Carrie's eyes shone with determined light.
The mere thought of rescuing Yasmin filled her with a desperate courage that dispelled her intense fear.
She continued, "As long as Yasmin is safe, I won't attempt to escape. Even if it means exchanging my life for hers."
Jace glanced at Carrie indifferently, his sharp, thin lips pressed together.
Just then, the phone in his hand vibrated.
He quickly glanced at the screen and immediately answered the call. Upon picking up, his icy tone gained a hint of respect.
"Sir."
"Did you get her?"
Carrie's ears perked up as she caught a faintly familiar voice from the call.
As she tried to listen more closely, Jace, ever vigilant, moved the phone to his other ear, blocking her from hearing anything.
Jace answered, "Yes."
"Did Christopher order you to kill her?"
"No. He ordered me to bring her over."
A faint, amused chuckle came from the other end. "Heh, when it comes to breaking someone's spirit, no one can beat Mr. Iverson."
Jace's expression remained impassive. "Since I don't need to kill her, can I leave after bringing her there?" "No. Just cooperate with Mr. Iverson fully. Do whatever he asks of you."
Jace responded flatly, "Alright."
To Carrie's utter surprise, Jace brought her to the Hoffman Group.
Her emotions were a whirlwind of anxiety and complexity, especially since she knew Ryan was there as well.
Jace led her through numerous twists and turns without encountering a single person, clearly indicating that someone had meticulously planned her covert arrival.
After what felt like an endless journey, Jace forced her to stop in front of a white wall.
He knocked five times on the panel.
Suddenly, the wall split open, revealing a hidden room.
Only Old Master Hoffman knew about this room.
Due to his numerous enemies on both sides of the law as a result of his aggressive expansion efforts, Logan had designed this room as a concealed safe house within the Hoffman Group's office building. It was not far from the chairman's office.
The mastermind behind this scheme planned to hide Ryan's beloved here.
It was a cunning move, hiding Carrie in plain sight.
"Go in," Jace ordered coldly.
Carrie stared at the pitch-black room, her pupils contracting in fear, unable to move.
Suddenly, her arms felt empty.
Jace had snatched her teddy bear away and shoved her fragile body into the darkness.
"No-!"
Carrie's heart pounded wildly, her eyes wide with terror, as if blood would seep from the depths of her pupils.
Bang !
The door slammed shut tightly.
The darkness, like a hellish abyss, instantly engulfed the girl.
The soundproofing of the safe house was top-notch. Even though Jace was just on the other side of the wall, he could not hear anything from within.
He furrowed his brows slightly, lowering his gaze to the teddy bear in his hand, now damp with the girl's sweat.
With a chuckle, Christopher's voice came through in his Bluetooth earpiece.
"Well done, Mr. Bailiff. Your task is complete. You may leave now."
"I don't understand." Jace squeezed the teddy bear. "Why are you doing this?"
"That woman is Ryan's lifeline."
Christopher's tone was sinister, his voice chilly and mocking. "Killing her isn't the most brutal act. The real cruelty is making them live apart from each other. Watching Ryan helplessly witness his beloved woman suffer immense pain without being able to do anything is the most satisfying revenge I can get!"
###chapter1789
Chapter 1789
"Teddy... My teddy bear..."
In the suffocating darkness, Carrie leaned closely against the cold wall, her body trembling. She curled up with her arms around her knees.
The man had taken her teddy bear. It was as if he had shattered her soul and stripped away her spine.
Her mind was blank, with cold sweat dripping down her pale, beautiful face.
"Ryan... Where are you? Please come and save me..."
Suddenly, all the lights in the room turned on.
Numerous cold, incandescent beams struck Carrie's pallid face like the harsh glare of an interrogation lamp, further pushing her already fragile mind to the brink.
"Ryan... I'm so scared... Ryan..." Tears streamed incessantly from her tightly shut eyes.
Carrie could not think of anything.
Even the tender, loving moments she had shared with Ryan began to blur, distort, and fade in her memory. Suddenly, a gigantic screen on the wall flickered to life.
Carrie painfully opened her swollen and reddened eyes, tears filling her vision.
She saw the woman on the screen covered in wounds, tightly bound and blindfolded. It was unmistakably Yasmin.
Her mental state shattered completely.
In the Hoffman Group boardroom, the board meeting proceeded as scheduled.
Chairman Logan Hoffman sat at the head of the table. As the leading figure of the Hoffman Group, he led a group of veteran subordinates through countless storms to build the company into what it is today. Within the Hoffman Group, he was the king.
Although Logan had gradually handed over the family business to Ryan, a few seasoned veterans still did not fully respect Ryan and only regarded the old chairman as their leader.
Their concerns went beyond just this reason. They feared Ryan's rise in power would diminish their influence in the company and curtail their opportunities for personal gain.
They knew that promoting Liam would only lead the Hoffman Group into decline, but not everyone cared about the group's long-term prospects. Some were only interested in maximizing their immediate benefits.
This was the primary reason why Liam, despite his incompetence, could rival Ryan.
Taking his time, Logan cleared his throat and surveyed the room with an authoritative gaze.
"Today's meeting is held to announce something I believe everyone is already aware of."
Ryan's sharp brows furrowed slightly. Inexplicable discomfort surged through his chest, making him uneasy.
From the start of the meeting, he had checked his phone every couple of minutes.
He was not sure what was causing his anxiety, but his heart pounded restlessly in his chest.
All eyes were on Ryan.
Sitting directly across from Ryan, Liam stared at him with a gaze as cold and sharp as a winter's shard. His expression brimmed with anger and resentment.
However, a few seconds later, his lips curled into a barely noticeable, sinister smile.
"Now, I announce that my grandson, Ryan, will be the new CEO of the Hoffman Group. He will officially join the board of directors!"
Old Master Hoffman announced it with a commanding voice.
Just as the attendees were about to applaud and congratulate Ryan, Liam suddenly stood up. "I to this!"
The room fell into a tense silence.
###chapter1790
Chapter 1790
Ryan's dark, phoenix-like eyes locked onto Liam's malevolent expression, an undercurrent of dark aura flickering in his sharp gaze.
The sheer intensity of Ryan's gaze was intimidating.
Suddenly, Liam felt as if he were choking. His heart tightened in fear.
But then he reminded himself that he had no reason to fear this young man. After all, he was Logan's only surviving son and an uncle to Ryan.
Liam was determined to go against Ryan at all costs.
After a brief contemplation, Logan spoke in a deep voice. "Liam, Ryan has proven himself over a long period, both in reputation and business sense. He is undoubtedly the best candidate for the group's next CEO. You need a reason to oppose this decision."
Standing tall and defiant, Liam shot Ryan a malicious glance before turning to Logan.
"Father."
"Use titles in the boardroom," Logan snapped. He had always disliked Liam's flippant demeanor. Liam was so unlike Ryan's father, Logan's late son.
"Chairman Hoffman," Liam reluctantly corrected himself. "By appointing Ryan as the CEO, you're essentially naming him the future head of the Hoffman family, right?"
Logan nodded.
"Given that, Ryan's status is incredibly significant."
Liam aimed to undermine Ryan while appearing to praise him. "Ryan wouldn't just be the CEO of the Hoffman Group. As your only grandson, he's the future of our entire family. This is akin to naming a crown prince!"
"What exactly are you getting at?" Unaware of his uncle's ulterior motives, Ryan stared at him with growing intensity.
"All I want to say is that every move you make affects the Hoffman Group's reputation, and your marriage is especially crucial to our family's future."
Liam's tone dripped with venomous insinuation. "You have to be serious about it."
"I'll marry whoever I want."
Ryan slammed his large palm onto the table. His phoenix-like eyes blazed crimson with fury. "No one can dictate that!"
There were no guns in this standoff, but everyone present was on edge.
"I may just be your uncle, so I can't interfere with your decisions. However, Chairman Hoffman is your grandfather, the undisputed head of the Hoffman family. Surely he has a say in this?"
Liam scoffed. His expression shifted from disdain to indignation as he added, "Chairman Hoffman, although our family ranks fourth among the four major families in Savrow, we're still a prestigious and influential family. With Ryan's looks and talents, even if he cannot marry a wealthy lady like Ms. Thompson, should we really allow him to marry a mentally unstable woman? Must our family degrade itself in this manner?!"
The crowd was stunned. The boardroom erupted into an uproar.
Mentally unstable?!
Was Ryan's fiancée, the youngest daughter of the Salvador family, mentally unstable?!
Was this a matter of matching social status or a case of charitable assistance?
"Liam."
Ryan remained seated. A blazing fury that could scorch the heavens and earth emanated from him. His hoarse voice carried a thick undertone of impending doom. "You had just insulted my fiancée publicly. Have you considered the consequences awaiting you?"
The room fell silent abruptly.
It was as if a born king's mere presence could deter all injustice.
"I insulted her? I merely stated the facts. Where's the insult in that?"
Liam smirked. He then promptly threw a stack of prepared documents onto the table, sliding them from one end of the long conference table to the other. "Come, everyone, take one. Let's all have a look! This is the psychiatric evaluation report of Ms. Carrie Salvador. Ryan, if I make up even half a word in this report, I'll do anything you want me to."
###chapter1791
Chapter 1791
There was no reason to ignore such juicy gossip.
Hence, everyone eagerly leaned forward, stretching out to grab the documents on the table.
Only Logan remained seated throughout the commotion. His expression remained unchanged, making no move at all.
Thanks to Zoe, he had privately looked through this appraisal report countless times.
"Who dares touch it?!"
Ryan's thunderous roar shook the boardroom. His eyes blazed with a fierce and bloodthirsty gaze.
These people were more than just board members. They were also Ryan's elders. Yet he had managed to intimidate them all. They shrunk back in fear, not daring to touch the documents on the table.
"What's wrong, Ryan? Are you afraid to face reality, or are you unable to accept it?"
Liam smirked at him, his tone dripping with sarcasm. "Deep down, you're probably instinctively rejecting the fact that your fiancée is mentally ill, right? Otherwise, why would you have kept your future wife, whom you claim to be inseparable from, from showing up in the office all this time? Are you afraid she'll embarrass you?"
Alas, Ryan could not hold back any longer.
The Hoffmans did not have as many strict rules as the Salvadors or the Iversons, nor was he a privileged young master with a centuries-old family tradition. He also would not stoop to endure any humiliation like Justin did for the sake of the greater scheme.
Ryan would always handle things his own way.
In a swift motion, he grabbed the water glass from the table and threw it at Liam's head without hesitation.
"Argh! That hurts!"
Liam could not dodge in time. He took the full brunt of the blow on his forehead, which instantly swelled into a large lump. The water drenched his face and head, and he looked utterly disheveled.
Before Liam could even open his eyes, cries of shock erupted from all around him.
In the next moment, Liam felt his body suddenly sink, crashing backward onto the ground. Before he could react, a heavy fist struck his face. Blood gushed out of his nose instantly.
Liam could not believe it.
Despite being the newly-promoted CEO, Ryan dared to mount him like a donkey in front of Logan and all the directors. He openly delivered a brutal beating to Liam.
Ryan's punches landed relentlessly on Liam's detestable face. All Ryan could hear were the insulting words Liam had uttered earlier. Overwhelmed by fury, Ryan's mind blanked out.
The board members recoiled in shock and fear.
While unexpected incidents were not uncommon in the Hoffman Group's board meetings, a live beating- from the victim's own nephew, no less was truly eye-opening.
"Why isn't anyone coming to help?!"
Old Master Hoffman roared angrily, his eyes glaring fiercely. The security guards stationed outside hurried in, using all their strength to pull Ryan off Liam.
"My personal affairs are none of your damn business!" Ryan shouted each word with hatred, as if he wanted to devour Liam whole. "In my heart, Carrie is the most perfect woman in the world! I love her, and nothing anyone says will change my mind. Don't even think about stopping me! No one can stop me!"
Ryan's muscular arms tensed up as he restrained the urge to pounce on Liam again and tear him apart. The guards helped Liam to his feet. Struggling to stand firm, he spat out a mouthful of blood and foam onto the ground.
Although his expression showed indignation and resentment, he was secretly calculating his next move. He glanced subtly at Logan.
Seeing Logan maintain his composure without speaking up for either side, Liam understood this as tacit approval.
He knew he had to see this through to the end.
Ryan returned to his seat, pulling out a clean handkerchief from his pocket to wipe away the blood stains on his hands.
Suddenly, his gaze paused on the cute little bear pattern in one corner of the handkerchief.
He remembered that Carrie had embroidered the handkerchief herself. He always kept it close to him and could not bear to use it. Especially not to clean the dirty blood of this scum.
So, he tucked it back into his suit pocket and casually wiped the blood off with his sleeve, the murderous aura in his eyes dissipating slightly.
Logan then furrowed his brows and asked, "Liam, are you alright? Do you want to go to the hospital?"
###chapter1792
“Cough, cough… I’m fine!” Liam clutched a handkerchief soaked in blood to his nose, a clear testament to the ferocity of Ryan’s attack.
The board meeting continued, albeit awkwardly.
Logan casually picked up the documents from the table, flipping through them nonchalantly.
Under Ryan’s intimidating gaze, he was the only one who dared to move.
“Liam, are you sure this report is genuine?” Logan asked with a look of disbelief.
Liam immediately shouted, “This report bears the stamp of a certified institution. You can get it verified, too!”
Ryan’s brows furrowed deeply as his suspicious gaze slowly shifted to his grandfather.
He knew his grandfather well enough to know that if it were his first time hearing about the matter, he would not be this calm.
Besides, such a psychiatric report about a member of the Salvador family was highly confidential. It was inaccessible to outsiders.
Only Carrie’s parents, Gregory and Shannon, would have it.
Shannon was dead. Even if Gregory disapproved of Ryan marrying Carrie, he would not have leaked his daughter’s private information to prevent the marriage.
Even if Gregory did not care for his daughter, he had a strong sense of pride and would not resort to such measures.
So, where did Liam get this report?
“The Salvadors would’ve guarded such information closely and wouldn’t have allowed it to be leaked. This report’s origin seems dubious.”
Logan tossed the document back on the table, and his expression remained calm. “You might’ve been tricked, Liam. Don’t present a fake document and make a fool of yourself. That would be a grave mistake.”
Liam slammed the handkerchief on the ground, his eyes filled with a dark fury as he gritted his teeth. “I have evidence proving that Salvador girl is insane!”
With those words, the large screen suddenly lit up.
Everyone’s eyes turned toward it.
Ryan’s dark eyes turned cold as his blood seemed to freeze. He felt like someone was crushing his violently beating heart, about to tear his flesh and drain his blood dry.
On the screen, Carrie was out of control. She was crying, shouting, and screaming in an empty room.
Her piercing cries echoed through the board meeting room.
Her distraught state caused everyone present to frown in confusion and concern.
“Carrie… Carrie!” Ryan’s eyes were bloodshot, and his voice was hoarse as he desperately called her name.
His heartfelt cries seemed futile against the thin screen that separated them into two different worlds.
“Chairman Hoffman, you’re seeing this, right? I wasn’t slandering her at all. That girl is clearly mentally ill!”
Liam pointed at the screen, his eyes gleaming with the triumph of his scheme. “No one did anything to her, and she’s already screaming like that. What normal person does that? What else could it be but madness? If we let such a woman become the future Mrs. Hoffman, what would become of our family’s dignity?”
Everyone shook their heads.
No matter how they looked at it, the girl on the screen did not seem sane.
“Turn it off. That’s enough. It’s too noisy,” Logan said, his brows tightly furrowed and his eyes filled with disgust.
“Liam… Where have you taken my wife?!” Ryan’s eyes were bloodshot and gloomy.
“Taken? That’s a strong word to use.”
Liam crossed his legs and his lips curled into a smug smile on his battered face. “Today is your big day. I know you’d want to see your beloved wife as soon as you officially became the CEO, to share the joy with her. So, I kindly invited her to the office. Who knew she’d go mad the moment she left you? Tsk, tsk… Her mental state is really concerning.”
Ryan felt his chest burn. Ignoring everyone’s eyes on him, he got up and sprinted toward the door.
“Ryan! The meeting isn’t over yet! Get back here!” Logan shouted at Ryan’s retreating figure.
Ryan stood abruptly, his faze as sharp as knives slicing into Liam’s face.
Liam’s smile froze. He felt like Ryan had plunged him into hell with that single look.
###chapter1793
Cahpter 1793
In Savrow, the size of the Hoffman Group’s office building was second only to that of Salvador Corporation.
This towering skyscraper had thousands of rooms. The thought of them confining Carrie in some secret chamber, enduring unknown horrors, made Ryan’s fingers tremble violently.
Pain shot through his nerves, spreading to his limbs and torturing his nearly shattered heart.
Liam would not reveal where he had hidden Carrie. He wanted to torment Ryan and make him feel the anguish of losing his most cherished treasure. He wanted to make Ryan furious and resentful.
But what baffled Ryan even more was Yasmin’s extraordinary skills. She could easily handle ten or even twenty men. She had a gun and would not even hesitate to kill Liam’s men when necessary.
How could Liam's underlings breach Ryan's home, extract Carrie from Yasmin's protection, and bring her to the Hoffman Group without anyone knowing?
"Have you checked the surveillance footage?!" Ryan's voice was rough as he sped through the hallways.
Following closely, Dean gritted his teeth. "I've checked them. None of the surveillance cameras captured any trace of Young Madam. Whoever brought her here knows the Hoffman Group building inside out. It must be an inside job!"
"It's likely collusion between insiders and outside forces." Ryan's hoarse voice dripped with bloody hatred as he dialed Yasmin's phone. "Otherwise, Liam couldn't possibly pull this off!"
To his dismay, he found Yasmin's phone turned off.
Ryan's heart clenched, cold sweat covering his body.
The situation was even more dire than he feared.
"Dean, gather everyone... Search the building room by room! I'll reward whoever finds my wife with a lifetime of wealth and glory!"
Ryan shouted these words from his aching chest, his pale lips trembling, and his breathing completely erratic. "Also, call the police. Yasmin is in danger!"
Dean responded quickly, "Yes, Mr. Hoffman!"
Ryan meticulously recalled the layout of the room where they confined Carrie.
The setting of the room was peculiar. The walls and furniture placement were unlike any other room in the building.
Since Liam was trying to mess with Ryan, he would not have made it easy for Ryan to find Carrie.
That also meant the secret room must be somewhere Ryan did not know about.
However, this gave Ryan a clue. He suddenly remembered that only the chairman's office on the top floor was closed to outsiders. They likely held Carrie there.
Ryan swiftly took the elevator to the top floor, running and calling out for his beloved.
His voice was so hoarse that the name "Carrie" sounded distorted.
Suddenly, Ryan stopped in his tracks.
At the end of the silent corridor, the once-pristine, cold wall had a crack in it.
Carrie's cherished teddy bear sat nicely against the wall.
It was sitting there, like how the adorable Carrie would sit and wait for him on the sofa every night.
In a room filled with glaring white light, Carrie lay on the ground like a broken beautiful doll. Her slender body in a white cotton dress looked as fragile as a feather that was about to be blown away.
“Carrie!”
Ryan’s entire body trembled uncontrollably as he rushed over. He fell to his knees beside her and gathered her limp body into his arms, holding her tightly against his chest. “Carrie… I’m here now. Your husband is here… It’s okay. It’s going to be okay…”
Ryan babbled incoherently, his teeth chattering. Bitter tears spilled from his red-rimmed eyes, half of them streaming down his face and the other half sinking into his heart.
Carrie slowly opened her eyes, her gaze dim and unfocused, devoid of emotion.
###chapter1794
Chapter 1794
Carrie tried to part her pale lips. After a brief moment, she finally managed to speak. Her red and swollen eyes looked like dried-up, withered springs. "Ryan... Why did it take you so long to come...? Why did it take so long...?"
Every feeble question from her felt like a bullet piercing through Ryan's heart.
Guilt and pain overwhelmed him, engulfing his entire being. His lips quivered, yet he could not form a single coherent word.
"Something happened to Yasmin... Is Yasmin going to die?"
As Carrie recalled the images on the screen, her eyes widened in panic. Her frail body began to convulse in the man's arms.
Ryan was nearly scared out of his wits. Every breath he took felt like it was stabbing his chest.
"No... Yasmin will be fine! Carrie, I'll take you to the hospital now!"
Meanwhile, the board had no choice but to adjourn the meeting after the commotion.
Only the Hoffman father-son duo remained in the boardroom.
"Father, you saw it too, right? That girl from the Salvador family is definitely insane."
Face swollen from Ryan's beating, Liam still continued to sow discord, gritting his teeth angrily. "Letting such a woman into our family would be a disaster for generations! Everyone in Savrow will say that we're licking the Salvadors' boots, even accepting their mentally ill daughter as our daughter-in-law. Don't you think that's disgusting?"
Logan's expression remained stern, his lips pursed in disapproval.
His expressions indicated he agreed with his second son.
"Father, today's board meeting was an important one. Yet, Ryan left everyone here to look for that crazy girl! What does he think of the board? Does he even respect you? Do you think he deserves to be the CEO?" Liam complained resentfully.
Upon hearing that, Logan gave Liam a side-eye. "If Ryan isn't fit to be the CEO, do you think you are?"
Liam was at a loss for words.
"I'm your father. I know exactly what you're capable of. I may be old, but I'm not senile. I'd rather dig my own grave before letting the Hoffman Group fall into your hands!"
Liam's heart surged with a wave of anger.
Logan still favored his eldest son's family. It was hard enough to get rid of Finn, yet his son Ryan continued to stand in Liam's way.
Liam regretted having shown Ryan mercy. He should have gotten rid of Ryan when the boy was young. That way, there would not be all these endless troubles now.
Pulling himself together, Liam resolved that since he had no hope of becoming the CEO, he must completely destroy Ryan and Carrie's marriage.
That wolf cub took his power. So Liam wanted to take his beloved away from him. That would be fair and satisfying!
"Father, given the situation today, I don't think Ryan has any intention of giving up on the girl from the Salvador family,"
Liam's eyes were dark with malice. "You know how stubborn Ryan can be. If he insists on marrying her, we won't be able to change his mind."
"Perhaps we couldn't influence him before. But now, it seems we don't need to act at all."
Liam was confused. "What do you mean by that...?"
"If the video of Ms. Salvador's outburst gets out and creates a scandal, do you think Gregory, with that personality of his, would still agree to let his daughter marry into our family?" Logan let out a cold laugh. "By then, not only Gregory but even Ryan's best friend Justin won't stand by his side anymore."
Thrilled, Liam clapped his hands until they were red and quickly gave a thumbs up. "Ah... As the saying goes, the older, the wiser! I have so much more to learn from you, Father!"
###chapter1795
Chapter 1795
As soon as Liam left the Hoffman Group building and got into the car, he eagerly dialed Zoe's number.
"Zoe, you're really the smartest among women! How did you come up with such a brilliant plan? I have to admit, I was too harsh on you before."
"Uncle Liam, I told you I wouldn't let you down. All you have to do is follow my lead from now on, and good times are ahead," Zoe replied, her voice brimming with smugness.
The mastermind behind their scheme was truly a genius.
Such a sinister and intricate scheme was beyond Zoe's own imagination.
"By the way, there's something I need to tell you."
A wicked grin spread across Liam's face. "Previously, you mentioned spreading the video of Carrie's breakdown. We don't need to do that ourselves anymore."
"Huh? Does Grandpa want to break up the couple himself?" Zoe's mind quickly caught up.
"Smart girl."
Liam crossed his legs leisurely in the luxury car and sipped the premium tea his secretary had prepared." Since the old man is handling this, even if Ryan seeks revenge later, it'll be him who takes the fall. It won't affect us. However, Zoe, I worry that even this might not stop your big brother from marrying the girl from the Salvador family. He's capable of anything."
"pfft, well, Ryan may want to marry her, but he can't if she doesn't want to marry him."
Zoe sneered coldly, "I have another card up my sleeve to shatter his dreams completely. Don't worry."
On the way to the hospital, Carrie had already fallen into a state of unconsciousness.
Ryan stayed by her side throughout her entire checkup, watching her undergo various medical examinations.
Seeing the doctors manipulate her frail body like a soulless puppet broke his heart over and over again. Tears kept streaming down his reddened eyes.
After a long while, the doctor finally emerged from the emergency room.
"Mr. Hoffman, your wife's body shows no signs of physical harm or assault."
Ryan's eyes widened in astonishment. "Then why is she..."
"It seems she experienced extreme psychological stress, leading to psychosomatic symptoms. Combined with intense emotions, anxiety, and fear, she suffered from hyperventilation-induced alkalosis, causing the convulsions and fainting."
With a worried expression, the doctor advised, "You should focus more on your wife's mental state now. I'm not a psychiatrist, but it's clear her mental state isn't good. You need to get her to a top psychiatric hospital immediately."
Ryan's pupils dilated with shock, his heart sinking heavily.
Liam had not physically harmed Carrie.
From the beginning, Liam's goal was not to hurt Carrie physically, but to destroy her spirit.
He knew about her autism, and he must have used some insidious method to completely break her mentally.
"Mr. Hoffman!"
Dean ran to Ryan's side, wiping sweat from his forehead. "We found Ms. Yasmin!"
"Where is she?!" Ryan's heart pounded like a drum, his voice trembling.
His anxiety tightened his thoughts, fearing that Dean's news would bring another calamity.
Dean took a deep breath. "The situation is quite complicated. I think it's best if... if she tells you about it herself."
"So... Yasmin is still alive." Ryan's anxious heart eased slightly.
Carrie was everything to him, and Yasmin, his most trusted subordinate, was more than just his comrade. She was almost like family.
If anything had happened to Yasmin...
"Mr. Hoffman..."
###chapter1796
Chapter 1796
A faint voice caught their attention from behind.
Ryan and Dean quickly turned around and saw Yasmin slowly approaching them, limping on crutches for support.
Ryan was stunned; his eyes widened in surprise.
Dean's face drained of color as he anxiously rushed to assist her, exclaiming, "Master! What happened to you?!"
Yasmin endured the intense pain and shook her head faintly. "I'm fine..."
"Fine?! Your leg is so badly injured, how can you just bandage it casually? What if it gets infected? You could become crippled!" Dean was so heartbroken that he was almost in tears.
Dean and Yasmin had known each other since they were children in training camp. Their bond was beyond words.
"This is not important. What matters is Young Madam... Young Madam..." Yasmin's voice wavered with guilt, and she trailed off. Her gaze settled on Ryan's stern, handsome features, tears welling up in her eyes.
Dean spoke in a low voice, without any trace of joy, "Young Madam is unharmed, but she has endured a great shock and remains unconscious."
Yasmin immediately broke down in tears. Having been by Carrie's side for so long, how could she not understand the devastating impact of such a profound mental shock on the poor girl?
Ryan approached her step-by-step, his voice raspy. "What happened to your leg?"
"It's nothing..."
"Don't lie to me!"
"I'm sorry, Mr. Hoffman." Yasmin remained silent, lowering her head in shame. "I failed to properly protect Young Madam. I am utterly incompetent. You should arrange for tighter security and more capable bodyguards to guard Young Madam. I am no longer fit for this duty."
"Master, what are you saying? You're one of the best bodyguards around, even among the Hoffman family or across the country. How many female bodyguards can match your skills? Even most male bodyguards can't keep up with you!"
Dean made an excellent point. In order to injure Yasmin to this extent, it must have been someone on the level of Justin or Drew, who graduated from military academies. It was hard to imagine anyone else with such terrifying skills.
Even if Ryan hired more bodyguards, it wouldn't change the situation.
"I don't think Chairman Hoffman or Liam's men are behind this trouble. I know all their people, and even if I didn't, I'm confident they don't have the skills to pull this off." Yasmin recalled carefully, a cold sweat running down her back. "That man must be a professional assassin."
Ryan's eyes were cold, his pale fingers gripping tightly.
"But the strange thing is, that man didn't harm Young Madam, nor did he harm me. He stabbed my leg just to prevent me from stopping him..."
Yasmin frowned and continued, "Then I was blindfolded and didn't know where I was taken. After that, I was thrown by the roadside. They did nothing else to me."
Ryan's mind raced, clarity surfacing amidst the immense heartache. "Even if that man isn't one of Liam's people, he was certainly acting under his orders. Otherwise, he couldn't have infiltrated the Hoffman Group so easily, abducted Carrie, and escaped without a trace."
He recalled that there was a huge television in that room, which made his heart sink. Carrie probably saw Yasmin getting abducted on that screen, and that must have led to her emotional meltdown and mental shutdown.
But why would Liam go to such great lengths? Was it merely to take revenge on him at the board meeting? Suddenly, his phone rang, and Justin's call came through.
"Justin," Ryan said as he held his forehead, his voice filled with exhaustion.
"Ryan, your family has really given my sister a great gift." Justin's voice was hoarse with anger. "So this is the Hoffman family's idea of a betrothal gift, huh?!"
###chapter1797
Ryan was confused, not grasping what Justin meant at first.
“Justin, I don’t understand what you are talking about.”
“Mr. Hoffman! There’s a big problem!” Dean said, handing him the phone in a panic, his hands trembling. “Someone… Someone posted a video of Young Madam having an episode online, and it’s going viral. It’s already been shared 200,000 times!”
Yasmin’s face instantly turned as pale as paper, and the crutch supporting her tumbled to the floor with a loud thud.
Ryan stared at the screen. His eyes turned red and widened in shock. His entire body tensed and trembled.
Justin’s enraged voice came through the phone, but Ryan’s mind was blank. The voice sounded like it was coming from somewhere far away.
“Why did Carrie have an episode? Who recorded the video, and who posted it online?! Didn’t you say you’d take good care of my sister? Didn’t you say you had people watching over her closely?! Ryan, what the hell is going on? Have you been so blinded by power that you’ve forgotten the woman you claim to care about the most?!”
Ryan felt his throat tighten, the taste of blood seeping onto his tongue.
“Say something! Are you going to play dumb now?!” Justin’s voice was hoarse with rage, shouting furiously.
Despite his resentment and anger, he just could not bring himself to utter the cruel words of asking them to break up.
Justin had been through this before. He believed that Ryan loved Carrie, just as he loved Bella. He understood the pain of separation all too well. It was like slowly tearing someone’s flesh every day, with blood that never stopped flowing and wounds that never healed.
But at this moment, Justin was also at a loss. Carrie and Bella were very different. Bella was a strong woman who could fight alongside him, with a wealthy background and a warm, happy family. She could afford to fight and was not afraid to lose.
But what about Carrie? What did she have? She couldn’t fight.
Could Ryan really protect her?
Love alone would not guarantee happiness!
“I will take care of this issue, Justin. Please trust me… I know who exposed the video; I know who the mastermind is, and I will deal with them.”
Ryan’s eyes twitched, his vision blurring with emotion. He said with ragged breaths, “Whoever it is… Whoever harmed Carrie will pay for it!”
“Does that help, Ryan?” Justin’s deep voice was laced with bitterness. “The mastermind’s plan has already succeeded. That video has caused a huge commotion, and now the whole country knows Carrie isn’t an ordinary girl.”
The video had tens of thousands of shares already, and it would soon surpass a million, seen by countless people.
It could not be completely deleted, nor could it be controlled.
“Not only that, my grandpa and Gregory also know about this. Grandpa was so furious that he almost had a relapse. Bella has already gone to accompany him.”
Justin suppressed his heartache, speaking hoarsely. “Grandpa wants to bring Carrie home. I’m coming to see you now to take her back.”
Ryan seemed deaf to Justin’s words. His gaze was chaotic and muddled. “I wouldn’t have become CEO if I had known it would be like this…”
“Ryan, this is a tough situation without a clear solution. The Hoffman Group is your father’s legacy. To avenge your father, you wouldn’t let it fall into Liam’s hands, so you were bound to get involved in the power struggle sooner or later. Your enemies will always target your vulnerabilities. In your case, that’s Carrie.” 
Justin let out a heavy sigh. "Ryan, balancing family feuds and love is never an easy thing. Being in love doesn't mean you're the right match, and it doesn't guarantee happiness."
In just a few hours, the whole country knew that the Salvador family had a mentally ill daughter.
Despite the Salvador family's best efforts to manage the comments and remove the video, the flood of harsh criticism was just too much for them to contain, leaving them with no way to go back.
[No wonder Madam Shannon has never allowed Ms. Carrie to appear in public. They were afraid of embarrassing themselves!]
[Haha! It's karma! It's only right that Shannon's wicked deeds come back to haunt her own daughter!]
[Oh, why couldn't it have been Bethany who was crazy? What a pity.]
[Does that bitch, Bethany, even need to go crazy? She's already mad enough!]
[Anyway, Young Master Hoffman must be a real saint if he's willing to marry someone who is mentally ill. I'm so touched!]
[Come on, is there true love between rich people's marriages? Didn't you see the recent news? Ryan is going to be the CEO of the Hoffman Group. Marrying Carrie isn't about love, it's about using the Salvador family's background to secure his position in the business world! What a joke!] 
Bethany lay on the bed, applying a face mask while browsing the comments, laughing so hard she nearly rolled off.
Her joy turned to sorrow when the iPad slipped from her hand, landing right on her face and bruising her lips, as well as slightly altering her newly done nose job. She cried out in pain and sat up abruptly.
Just then, Zoe’s call came through.
Bethany held her nose and answered with a voice full of resentment.
“Good news is at your doorstep, and yet you still sound like a resentful hag. Can’t you be a bit happier?” Zoe’s typical languid voice came through.
“Hmph, even though that little bitch’s disgraceful state has been exposed, Ryan still can’t marry me. So what’s there to be happy about?” Despite her inner delight, Bethany didn’t want to expose herself too much in front of this annoying girl.
“Don’t be too greedy. If it weren’t for my help, your annoying sister would still be giving you a hard time. And you really think you can become the CEO’s wife of the Hoffman Group? Keep dreaming.”
Bethany gritted her teeth in anger. “You think it’s all thanks to you? If I hadn’t given you that medical report, would everything have gone so well for you? But Ryan isn’t one to give up easily. Even after all we’ve done, he will still be determined to marry Carrie.” 
“That’s why we need to keep pushing. You need to continue stirring things up with Chairman Salvador, and I have some plans on my end as well.”
Bethany vaguely heard the sound of Zoe kissing someone, which made her feel uneasy.
“What plans?”
Zoe’s voice was sickly sweet and coy. “Come to the Hillside Club. We can talk more about it in person.”
###chapter1798
Unable to be stopped by Ryan, Justin brought the still-unconscious Carrie back to Crescent Bay. This controversial incident sparked a major commotion in the city.
Nigel’s initial reaction was not because he was embarrassed by Carrie. He merely wanted to comfort his granddaughter and shield her from the prying eyes and harsh judgments of the world.
Having suffered a great shock, Carrie was injected with a sedative once again. Her serene and beautiful sleeping face brought tears to Nigel’s eyes.
“Oh, Carrie... This is all my fault. I was useless and couldn’t protect you,” Nigel said, a lump forming in his throat as his shaky hand tenderly caressed the girl’s soft, delicate face.
“Grandpa Nigel, don’t worry.” Bella’s eyes were also red and teary. “Carrie has your love. Justin and I will pamper her too. We’ll get to the bottom of this issue.”
Bella clenched her fingers tightly, her knuckles cracking. She said in a firm tone, “I will definitely make everyone who was involved in hurting Carrie pay a heavy price!”
Bella was always true to her word. She always followed through on what she said.
“It was someone from the Hoffman family who did it,” Bella said.
Despite Nigel’s advanced age and frail physique, his mind remained sharp. He clenched his teeth tightly as he spoke.
“Even if they did not want Carrie to join the Hoffman family, they still shouldn’t have treated her this way! The Hoffman family has no right to bully my granddaughter! Bella, you don’t need to handle this. I’ll take care of it myself!”
Bella’s heart was heavy with concern. She was worried for Carrie’s well-being and feared that Grandpa Nigel’s outrage might jeopardize his own health.
Matt knocked on the door and rushed in, his expression anxious. “Old Master, your phone is ringing.”
“I’m with my granddaughter. I won’t be taking any calls!”
“It’s... Chairman Hoffman.”
Nigel’s eyes were bloodshot as he snatched the phone and pressed it to his ear. “Given the circumstances, what more do you have to say?”
Logan’s tone was unexpectedly calm. “Chairman Salvador, it is truly heartbreaking that such a thing has happened. The person who exposed the video is despicable beyond words!”
"Old bastard, don't you dare play the victim in front of me!" Nigel's eyes were red with hatred, the veins on his hand bulging as he gripped the armrest of the wheelchair. "The video was leaked by the Hoffman family. It wouldn't be surprising if you were behind it, old scoundrel!" 
“You...!” Logan was so furious that he almost could not breathe, coughing several times.
“I know exactly what you’re up to. You’re old and blind, unable to see the treasure that my darling granddaughter is, but my Carrie doesn’t need to marry into your Hoffman family! If it weren’t for your son desperately clinging to my granddaughter, she wouldn’t even look at him! You filthy, rotten-hearted old bastard! Instead of quietly waiting for death, you shamelessly plot against a twenty-year-old girl?! Have you no shame? A big and wealthy family, but you’re all nothing but a bunch of monsters. Hmph!” 
Nigel ranted furiously, not giving Logan a chance to retort.
Bella listened from the side, feeling a sense of satisfaction. But this was not enough.
As the CEO of KS Group, Bella would ensure that the Hoffman Group would pay the price.
She would seize all their projects and resources, slowly suffocating the Hoffman Group within the confines of Savorow.
Even if Ryan were the CEO of the Hoffman Group, she did not plan to show mercy.
Logan Hoffman valued the Hoffman Group the most, so she was determined to destroy it. This was the price they would pay for hurting Carrie!
Having finally caught his breath, Logan dropped his pretense and completely tore into Nigel.
“Hah... I reached out to you out of goodwill because of the relationship between my grandson and your granddaughter. But you treated my kindness like dirt, bombarding me with insults! Since you look down on my grandson and your granddaughter is so ill, delirious, and out of her mind, she’s not fit to be our Hoffman family’s young mistress. This marriage is off! Instead of arguing with me, you should take your granddaughter to see a doctor!” 
“You…!”
Logan quickly hung up the phone.
In his fury, Nigel’s face turned red. Matt hurriedly brought over some water, while Bella immediately stepped forward to massage her grandfather’s head, trying to soothe his headache.
“Grandpa Nigel, Logan called just to break off the engagement. He was just trying to get a reaction out of you. Don’t be angry. Let him have his moment of satisfaction. Sooner or later, their whole family will be crying.”
Bella’s beautiful eyes were filled with icy determination.
###chapter1799
Chapter 1799
“I don’t need that old dog to say anything. I won’t let Carrie marry into that family!”
Nigel instructed, “Matt, tell everyone that from now on, the Salvador Corporation will completely cut ties with the Hoffman Group! If any of our business partners dare to work with the Hoffman Group, we will never work with them again either. I want to see whose side they will stand on.”
Matt nodded seriously. "Yes, Old Master!"
"Grandpa." Justin's sharp eyebrows furrowed tightly as he approached Bella. "Ryan is here, just outside the door. He wants to see you and Carrie." "Tell him to get lost!" Nigel waved his hand dismissively.
Both Justin and Balla exchanged a helpless look. They knew that Nigel did not truly hate Ryan.
But it was a fact that Ryan failed to protect Carrie, and it was also a fact that he was the grandson of that bastard Logan. To say there was no resentment at all would be a lie.
"If he doesn't see you and Carrie, he probably won't leave." Justin's voice was deep.
Nigel only stared at his granddaughter without saying a word. His stance was clear.
There was heavy snowfall, creating a gloomy atmosphere in the courtyard.
Ryan stood there, his handsome face as pale as the snow around him.
He was dressed in only a thin suit and had been outside for over an hour, his hair and body covered in snow. The bitter cold felt like countless sharp nails piercing his flesh and embedding deep into his bones.
Dean was sent to deal with the situation. After Yasmin had her wound treated, she insisted on following Ryan. It did not matter if she could not see Carrie tonight. She could just watch from a distance.
After waiting in silence for some time, Ryan's body had grown completely numb and frozen. That was when they finally spotted two figures approaching with an umbrella.
"Mr. Hoffman, it's Mr. Salvador and Ms. Thompson..." Yasmin said as she struggled to stand behind him, her dry lips already turning purple from the
cold.
Justin held a large black umbrella, using most of it to cover Bella while leaving a considerable portion of his own body exposed to the snow. "Yasmin, I heard you were injured. Are you okay?" Bella completely ignored Ryan, her worried gaze bypassing him to land on Yasmin's pale face. "I'll take another look at you later."
"I'm fine. Thank you, Ms. Thompson." Yasmin sobbed.
Carrie endured immense emotional distress due to her incompetence. It was fortunate enough that she did not die. So how could she accept such kindness with a clear conscience?
"It's alright. It's just a small favor. Come in with me later, and stay here tonight," Bella said gently. She had no intention of blaming Yasmin at all. Yasmin narrowed her eyes and said, "Ms. Thompson..."
Justin wrapped his arm around Bella’s waist and said, “We believe that Carrie was so severely affected because she saw you in trouble. When she wakes up and sees you’re okay, she’ll start feeling better. You must want to be with her, right?” 
“Thank you... Thank you, Mr. Salvador. Thank you, Ms. Thompson,” Yasmin said as she bowed deeply, silent tears streaming down her frozen cheeks.
With Bella’s instructions, Steven came and escorted Yasmin into the villa.
“Mr. Hoffman...” Yasmin desperately wanted to go be with Carrie, but she could not bring herself to abandon her boss, who was standing there alone in the bitter cold. She was conflicted and uneasy. 
Ryan said in a rough voice, “Go on. Being with Carrie is more important.”
Yasmin followed Steven inside.
As soon as Yasmin went inside, Bella broke free from Justin’s embrace and hurried through the snow to approach Ryan. Suddenly, her eyes turned red with anger and grew wide as she grabbed Ryan's collar.
###chapter1800
“Bella!” Justin grew worried.
A tall and muscular man like Ryan was being pulled forward helplessly, as if his bones had vanished and he was about to collapse.
“Ryan, you didn’t give Carrie her freedom, claiming it was to protect her, but what was the result? You still screwed everything up! You couldn’t even ensure her basic safety!”
Bella’s eyes were filled with tears, brimming with anger and pain. “You think you’re so noble, willing to sacrifice everything for Carrie. But what have you really lost? The only one who has been sacrificed all along is Carrie!”
Seeing his beloved out in the snow, Justin felt a heaviness in his chest. Without hesitation, he chose to stand by her side, forgoing an umbrella.
One was the love of his life, while the other was his best friend. He was torn between the two of them. Staying neutral seemed like the wisest path forward.
“It was Carrie who gave up her freedom and reputation to be with you. She could have remained the sheltered, privileged daughter of the Salvador family forever, untouched by the world! Yet she chose to accompany you, devoting her prime years to you and maturing quickly to become an obedient and dutiful wife for you.”
Bella’s angry outburst had brought her to tears without her realizing it. “Carrie has put in so much effort to accommodate you and consider your needs. She has done everything she can to avoid causing you any trouble! But in the end, why did it turn out like this?! What did Carrie do to deserve being treated so poorly?!”
Ryan’s heart was heavy as he faced these painful questions. His lips quivered, but despite his best efforts, he could not get the words out.
“It’s my fault... It’s all my fault.” Ryan repeatedly admitted his mistakes, his cheeks wet with tears and his messy black hair covering his once confident eyes.
The once lively and commanding person in Savorow had dimmed so significantly that Justin could hardly recognize him.
“In the past... No matter what I gave her... She always said she liked it. She said she loved me and that she wanted to be with me forever...”
“That’s because Carrie never knew how to say no! Everything Carrie did was to make you happy!” Bella shoved him hard, causing his body to stagger and almost fall.
‘To make you happy.’ Those four words struck Ryan with harsh irony. Though he had always proclaimed his intention to pamper Carrie forever, it was now clear that she had been the one pampering him all along.
The love he had believed to be so wonderful was actually built upon Carrie’s sacrifices, her suffering, and her kind-hearted efforts to create a false sense of paradise for him.
“Bella, Ryan knows he was wrong. He truly loves Carrie.” Justin’s voice was soft and low as he took off his jacket and draped it over Bella’s shoulders.
“Carrie’s world is simple and pure. She has no concept of the deceit and treachery of power struggles. She just wants to live a peaceful life.”
Bella rubbed her swollen eyes and sniffed her cold-reddened nose. “But now... you’ve dragged her into this mess. She doesn’t even have the strength to fight back. She has never even scolded anyone in her life. How can she bear the darkness of the Hoffman family? She hasn’t even married into your family yet, and your family members are already using such vicious tactics against her. 
“If she marries you, she will only be worn down by endless scheming. Can you keep your guard up for a lifetime? As long as you hold power, those rotten relatives of yours will never stop trying to bring her down! Sooner or later, she will break again! No wealthy family is simple. You’ll inevitably become tainted by their company. A warm and harmonious family like the Thompson family is incredibly rare.” 
“I will handle it.” After a long pause, Ryan finally spoke, his voice trembling. “I will deal with the Hoffman family. Bella, I love Carrie. Without her, my life is meaningless. Please, don’t separate us. Give me another chance... One last chance, okay?” 
He was clearly begging.
Bella lowered her eyes and shook her head. “I can’t decide your fate, and I can’t influence anyone else either.”
###chapter1801
Chapter 1801
"You need to get past Grandpa Nigel first, then we can talk about it," Bella said, turning away without looking back.
Justin stood in the snow with Ryan. Their figures were like timeless, perfect sculptures against the storm.
"Let Carrie stay with Grandpa for a while." Justin sighed heavily, patting Ryan's rigid shoulder.
"You go back and handle your family's issues. Come back when Grandpa has calmed down a bit." Ryan's voice was hoarse, "I'll stay here with her tonight..."
"Are you kidding me? The temperature's going to drop below freezing tonight. If you stand out here all night, you'll definitely get sick!"
Justin's expression turned stern. "If Carrie knew you were doing this, it would only make her feel worse!" "Then... Don't let her know." Ryan forced a bitter smile, his pale lips trembling. "Justin, this is the only way I can feel a little better. Please don't stop me."
Bella furrowed her delicate brows in frustration. As soon as she returned to the villa, she received a call from Ralph.
"Ralph..."
"Bella," Ralph paused slightly before cautiously asking, "How is Carrie...?"
Ralph's voice was so warm that Bella felt like crying again. She always showed more of her vulnerable side in front of her family and Justin.
"She's sleeping at Grandpa Nigel's place." Bella choked up slightly.
Ralph took a deep breath and asked hoarsely, "Is there anything I can do for her?"
Bella bit her lip and softly said, "If you have time, buy a box of Little Panda snacks for Carrie, please."
"Alright. I'll go first thing tomorrow morning and then deliver them to Grandpa Nigel's."
"Do you want to see Carrie?"
Ralph's tone held a boyish shyness along with the understanding of a mature man. "No, let her rest well. Don't tell her the snacks are from me."
Hearing this, Bella felt a pang in her heart. There were two equally outstanding men standing guard on opposite sides tonight. Both were watching over the same woman, but where does Carrie's true happiness lie?
Yasmin stayed in the room with Carrie for a long time before reluctantly stepping out. Rubbing her moist eyes, she turned and saw both Justin and Bella approaching.
"Yasmin, you've always been the most skilled bodyguard in the Hoffman family," Justin said as he frowned before asking the crucial question. "How could anyone from the Hoffman family hurt you like this? How did they incapacitate you to the point that you couldn't even inform Ryan in time? How did they silently take my sister to the Hoffman Group?"
"Such audacity! It's infuriating!" Bella's eyes flashed with anger as she clung to Justin's arm, her fingers
wrinkling his white shirt.
At that moment, Yasmin broke into a cold sweat, recalling that night.
"The man I fought was likely a professional assassin. His skills were ruthless and elusive. I was no match for him. Perhaps only Mr. Salvador could stand a chance against him."
###chapter1802
Chapter 1802
Justin and Bella exchanged bewildered looks.
Bella pursued, "What did that guy look like? Do you still remember?"
"Absolutely," Yasmin said, her brow deeply furrowed. "He was really handsome."
Both of them were stunned. This was not the detail they had expected.
"I'm not joking. That man was really good-looking, with a face that left a strong impression at first sight."
"Anything else?" Bella asked, unwilling to give up.
Yasmin paused thoughtfully, hitting her head as she tried to imagine the man's face. "He seemed familiar like I've seen him somewhere before."
She struggled to recall more details.
Bella hurried over and gently took hold of Yasmin's wrist, whispering softly, "It's alright, no need to push yourself. If the details don't come to you, don't stress about it. Don't hurt yourself."
Yasmin looked at Bella intensely. Then, her eyes widened with realization. "Wait, I remember now. The man sort of resembled Ralph!"
Bella was momentarily startled. "Really? Then he must be quite handsome."
Justin was speechless. Was this really the time to discuss that?
Yasmin winced as she gently rested her hand on her injured leg, still shaken. "That assassin must have gone through rigorous combat training. His skills were as good as those of elite foreign mercenaries. I doubt Liam could find someone that skilled, but if he wasn't behind it, how did that man sneak Carrie into the heavily guarded Hoffman Group building and lock her in a safe house known only to Chairman Hoffman?"
Justin's eyes were dark and intense as he said, "The Hoffman family must be involved in this. Liam is one of them, and Chairman Hoffman may also be secretly pulling the strings."
Bella's eyes turned red, and she could not help but feel a chill down her spine.
Except for Ryan, the entire Hoffman family wanted to destroy Carrie. They were all her enemies.
Bella could not tell if they despised Carrie for being different, or if they could not stand seeing Ryan find happiness.
"Mr. Salvador, Ms. Thompson... I only have one request," Yasmin said, her body trembling slightly with pain as she held back tears. "Please help Mr. Hoffman and Young Madam. No matter what, don't let them be separated... Mr. Hoffman can't survive without her."
Bella hurriedly stepped forward to support her, fearing she might collapse.
Honestly, Bella never wanted to separate them either. Carrie was as important to her as her own sister, Amelia. She was heartbroken, so she couldn't help but vent her anger on Ryan. If she did not speak harshly, would Ryan realize the seriousness of the situation? If this happens again, Carrie might not survive!
"Yasmin, we'll do everything we can to convince Grandpa. But when it comes to the Hoffman family, Ryan needs to address this personally as soon as possible. This isn't just about explaining things to Carrie. It's also about giving Grandpa an explanation," Justin said earnestly.
"The only way we can persuade Grandpa is if Ryan shows genuine sincerity. Otherwise, even if we want to help, we won't know where to start."
"Thank you, Mr. Salvador," Yasmin said, her eyes full of gratitude.
"Yasmin, when you go back, look around the room carefully. If you can, try to get the man's fingerprints," Bella said. "I'll pass the fingerprints to my brother. He's a police officer, so he can ask his tech team to check if there's any information connected to this person. If that man is a professional assassin, then this isn't his first time. Crooks like him never bother cleaning up a crime scene, so his prints are probably in the system already. If we get a match, we should be able to identify him."
Bethany drove by herself to the exclusive hillside hot spring club as scheduled. Due to the club's high prices and limited membership, it typically had very few visitors.
That evening, the large main area seemed especially abandoned, with not a soul in sight.
As soon as Bethany walked through the main entrance, a person resembling a secretary approached her. "Excuse me, are you Ms. Bethany Salvador?"
"And you are...?" Bethany glanced at the person, unsure if he was connected to Zoe.
"Ms. Hoffman instructed me to show you the way. Please follow me."
After wandering for a while, Bethany was led to a door.
The secretary said before leaving, "Ms. Hoffman is inside. Please enter."
Bethany snorted coldly, thinking to herself that this girl was really over the top, making it seem as if Bethany were meeting royalty. She pushed the door open and was immediately hit by a wave of steam and
heat.
As she approached, following the sound of running water, she vaguely heard a woman's muffled moans through the slightly open door. Bethany hesitated, her heart pounding, before gently pushing the door
open...
Through the thick steam, Bethany glimpsed Zoe's bare, slender back pressed against a rock, with a man holding her waist and thrusting vigorously.
"Ah!" Bethany let out a startled gasp, her scalp prickling.
The man stiffened, halting abruptly and turning his head around.
Bethany's eyes widened in disbelief as she recognized Jason's face.
Still catching her breath, Zoe gave a sultry smile and languidly encircled Jason's neck with her slender arms. "Don't stop... Keep going."
###chapter1803
Chapter 1803
Bethany covered her mouth, feeling extremely shocked.
While Bethany herself led a private lifestyle of casual sex, she at least tried to maintain an image of innocence.
On the other hand, Zoe had absolutely no shame. Not only did she brazenly have sex with a man in front of Bethany, but Zoe's ecstatic expressions even carried a hint of boastfulness.
Such a disgraceful woman once dared to dream of marrying Justin and becoming the lady boss of Salvador Corporation. She did not even have the right to dream about it!
As the esteemed son of a high-ranking official, Jason still maintained a sense of propriety.
Though his desires burned intensely, he remained mindful of his reputation with others around him. "Zoe, I can't..." Jason said, trying to maintain some semblance of composure.
"Hmph! Useless thing!" Zoe pushed him into the water in disgust. Her naked body emerged from the water as she grabbed a towel from the rattan chair and wrapped it around herself, barely covering the essential parts.
Jason quickly immersed himself in the water. As Zoe's loyal follower, he naturally wanted to appease his girlfriend right away. But with Bethany there, he didn't dare to surface like this.
Zoe took a long drag from her cigarette and said, "What are you yelling for? Everyone in Savrow knows you sleep around more than anyone else. Don't try to act all innocent with me, Bethany."
Despite her anger, Bethany couldn't help but secretly admire Zoe. She recalled how Jason had always been Zoe's backup in their school days. Even a decade later, it seemed he had not moved on from her.
Although the Hoffman family was incredibly wealthy, their background was less than clean, and people in official circles did not like to associate with them.
But if Zoe could really get close to the Solloways, it would be a huge boost for the Hoffman family's business and political connections.
"Hmph, did you call me here in the middle of the night just to watch you two have sex?" Tired of pretending to be polite, Bethany walked over angrily and sat down.
Zoe blew a smoke ring in her direction, making Bethany cough in irritation. "Has your idiot sister returned to Tideview Manor?"
"No, Grandpa took her in."
"What was your grandfather's reaction?"
Bethany spoke with gleeful malice, feeling deeply satisfied. "I heard he was furious. I think Ryan's attempt to marry Carrie will be quite challenging. Carrie's illness has been exposed and her disgrace has spread across the internet. From what I've heard, not just your Hoffman family, but all the prominent families in Savrow, won't welcome a mentally ill woman as a daughter-in-law.
"From now on, Carrie is nothing but a liability. My father cares deeply about his reputation. He would never allow a daughter of the Salvador family to be mocked for marrying below her status, and the high- society families wouldn't accept her. It seems he'll have to take care of that good-for-nothing daughter for the rest of his life!"
Bethany laughed until tears streamed down her face. She remembered when Shannon had pinned all her hopes on that fool when she was alive.
If Shannon knew that Carrie would never have a happy marriage, would she be so angry that she would turn into a vengeful spirit to curse her? Haha, as if that could ever happen! That woman wasn't fit to be a mother. Whether it was Bethany or Carrie, they were just tools for profit in the Salvador family.
"Who said no one wants her? I've just arranged a good match for her," Zoe said, her seductive gaze landing on Jason's face. "Jason, you'd better hurry up and let me enjoy your wedding banquet with Carrie." Bethany was stunned as she looked at Jason, completely bewildered. What was this supposed to mean? Jason wanted to marry Carrie?! A man from such a respectable family who was so fond of Zoe, and she was just going to let this fool have him? Was Zoe out of her mind?!
"Zoe, I can't bear to leave you." Jason swam to the edge of the pool, gazing at Zoe lovingly.
Zoe, however, impatiently kicked his shoulder. "Didn't I tell you to go back and talk to your parents? What did they say?"
"They also think Carrie is a fool and don't want to pursue this marriage."
"Then you've got to make it clear to them that you won't marry anyone else but her. Not only that, you need to explain to them how an alliance with the Salvador family would benefit your family more than the downsides."
After all, Zoe was a high-society heiress with some vision. "If you become Gregory's son-in-law, it would help your dad get the campaign funds and resources he needs to boost his political career.
"If the Solloway family were to take in a woman that others have outcast, it would prove that your family is charitable, generous, and treats everyone equally. This could positively benefit your future and boost Mayor Solloway's political standing, right?”
"Zoe, you're so clever." Jason looked infatuated, though he still protested reluctantly. "But the person I truly love is you."
"She's just a fool. Marry her and keep her at home. She won't get in your way." Zoe leaned down, gripping his chin while teasing him. "Things between us will stay the same as they always have."
Totally captivated by Zoe, Jason ignored the fact that he was still naked and stood up, pulling her into a passionate kiss.
Bethany shivered as she unexpectedly grasped the situation.
The only way to completely destroy Ryan's dreams was to make Carrie someone else's wife—someone from a prominent family like the Solloways, who even the Hoffmans had to respect.
It was too sinister and ruthless!
No wonder Shannon had always said that Zoe was no ordinary girl. This was a woman who was clearly good at manipulation.
Zoe snuggled up to Jason, glancing at Bethany's dazed expression. "Bethany, be sure to put in a good word with Chairman Salvador. We're all in the same boat, so let's work together harmoniously."
Bethany understood Zoe's subtle warning. "Hmph, you don't need to remind me. I know what to do!"
Going through with the marriage between Carrie and Jason would not only get back at Ryan but also stop
the Hoffman family from getting the upper hand and keep Zoe from getting too smug,
For Bethany, it was killing two birds with one stone. Why not?
###chapter1804
Due to a large dose of sedatives and the immense psychological shock, Carrie did not wake up from her slumber even the next morning. But what about Ryan?
He stood in the frost-covered courtyard, solitary and alone. His body was completely numb from the cold, and his handsome face was pale, but he did not dare to move. He knew he could not hold on much longer, but he truly did not want to leave. He still hoped that Carrie would see him first when she woke up.
In the past, they had been together day and night, entangled with each other. But now, even seeing each other has become so difficult.
In his daze, Ryan vaguely heard the sound of steady yet urgent footsteps approaching him.
"Ryan, let me take you back." Justin's deep voice carried a hint of brotherly reproach, but it was filled with strong concern. "You are being too reckless! Torturing yourself like this is meaningless!"
"Hah..." Ryan's frost-laden eyelashes drooped, and his frozen face could not muster a proper expression. "Back then, you also spent many nights squatting outside Yara Park to seek forgiveness from Bella and her family. Why can't I do the same thing too?"
Justin was rendered speechless momentarily as his throat slightly choked. "Our situations are different."
"What's the difference? I want Grandpa Nigel to forgive me... I also want to see my wife... How is it different?!" Overcome with emotion, Ryan's mind grew muddled, and his weakened body slowly leaned forward.
"Ryan!" Justin immediately held him steady with both arms. Thankfully, he was taller and stronger than Ryan, as any other ordinary man might not have been able to hold him up.
"Justin... I miss my wife." Ryan's eyes were swollen and red with tears. He pressed his forehead against Justin's broad shoulder, breathing heavily. His voice was hoarse as he sobbed. "Without seeing Carrie, feel like my heart has been dug out."
He pounded his chest with his fist. "It really hurts here... Justin, it hurts so much, I think I'm going to die from the pain."
"Listen to me. Come to the hospital with me first. I'll take you for a check-up.” Justin patiently patted Ryan's trembling back, the shared pain welling up in his heart. “Then you can go to my place and get a good sleep. Let Wilma take care of you. When you wake up, I will let you see Carrie."
After much persuasion, Justin and Dean managed to get Ryan into the car.
At the hospital, Ryan lay in the ward with an IV drip on his arm, coughing. He had indeed fallen ill from the cold.
"Mr. Ryan, I have deleted all the
е
videos online and controlled the negative comments about Ms. Carrie." Dean stood by the bedside, his eyes bloodshot from lack of sleep. know doing this is not enough, but I believe that as long as you do not give up and patiently stay by Ms. Carrie's side, everything will get better in time." 
Ryan stared at the ceiling. "Thank you."
"Please do not say that. Serving you and your wife is my duty," Dean quickly shook his head.
Justin finally asked with a dark expression, "Ryan, why did your family suddenly target Carrie? Why are they fixating on her illness? This is very strange."
"At the board meeting yesterday, Liam presented Carrie's psychiatric report in front of all the directors." Ryan's large hand clenched the bed sheet, the veins bulging.
"What did you say?" Justin's brows furrowed sharply, like a blade slicing through the center.
The situation was more severe and malicious than it seemed.
"Looking back now, everything was wrong from the very beginning." Ryan struggled to sit up, his lips pale and purple. "When Liam presented the report, there was no sign of surprise on my grandfather's face He did not even touch the document. This means that
the,
was
already aware of Carrie's condition before the board meeting, He had been condoning Liam's actions from the start. But who did Liam get this confidential document from? Grandpa Nigel and Chairman
Salvador would not leak it, and
Shannon is already dead." 
"Who else could it be but Bethany?" Justin's eyes flared with anger. "Before she died, Shannon was in cahoots with Bethany, and they were sharing resources. Shannon was an addict and would do anything for her own benefit. Although she's a Salvador, Bethany should not have had access to this report It would only make sense if Shannon gave her the report." 
Ryan's pupils contracted. "Bethany is colluding with Liam?"
"Don't forget, you have a sister who loves to stir up trouble." Justin let out a chilling laugh. "She and Bethany have always been close. She's the perfect middleman."
If the Iverson family always relied on Christopher when in doubt, then the Hoffman family relied on Zoe. God must have been playing a sick joke to let these two rotten characters find each other.
At that moment, lan's call came through.
Justin answered on speakerphone. “Ian, what's the situation?"
"Mr. Salvador, our bodyguards monitoring Tideview Manor reported that last night, Bethany drove out alone to the Hillside Club in the western suburbs."
Justin exchanged a grim look with Ryan. "Who did she meet there?"
"Our people staked out for most of the night. After Bethany left, Zoe and the mayor's son, Jason, came out not long after. However, they did not leave together but got into their respective cars and drove off separately."
###chapter1805
"Got it." Justin hung up the phone, his handsome face as dark as the sky before a storm.
"At such a sensitive time, Bethany still insists on meeting with Zoe in the middle of the night. Does this not prove that she is involved in leaking Carrie's diagnosis report? Does this not show that they have beer conspiring together for a long time?"
Ryan's bloodshot eyes widened, and he slammed his clenched fist onto the bed with such force that it nearly broke the bed.
"Your sister has probably been secretly collaborating with Liam and might have even communicated with your grandfather privately. Otherwise, the entire plan would not have been executed so timely and smoothly. They must have been plotting for a long time."
Ryan suddenly remembered the night he went to deliver the engagement invitation to Logan. He ran into Zoe, who had come to deliver tea. However, Zoe had never been so diligent before. Thinking back, it was a clear case of ulterior motives.
"She is not my sister," Ryan said. His eyes were red as he repeated the phrase over and over, filled with hatred. With each repetition, he was tearing Zoe to shreds in his mind.
"But she is your grandfather's and mother's favorite child. She's a member of the Hoffman family and your father's biological daughter." Justin pressed down heavily on Ryan's trembling shoulder. "Even if our deductions are accurate, without concrete evidence to strike her down in one blow, all your actions will only become leverage for them to use against you in the future."
This was something Bella often said to him. Now, he was telling it to his best friend.
"Don't think that becoming the CEO makes you invincible. They still have ways to bring you down, even to the point of preventing you from intervening in the Hoffman Group's affairs. Don't hand them the knife to stab you with. Revenge is never an overnight affair. Besides, what Zoe did this time is precisely what your grandfather wanted. If you go after her, you might end up hurting yourself."
Justin's cold eyes lowered, his slightly hoarse voice filled with fierce determination. "As for Bethany, I will handle her."
"But... What difference is there
between Bethany and Zoe?" Ryan, anxious, grabbed his arm. "If you deal with Bethany, Chairman
Salvador will think you have ruin.net
the Salvador family's reputation and will take the opportunity to suppress and trouble you!" 
"Don't worry, I have a plan," Justin said with a faint smile. "I miss my wife, and I have a way."
When Justin returned to Crescent Bay, night had already fallen. As soon as he entered, Matt and Bella greeted him, saying that Carrie had woken up.
"How is Carrie?" Justin quickly wrapped his arms around Bella's slender waist, his expression full of concern.
Bella sighed, shaking her head as she gently rubbed his cold hands "Not well. Grandpa Nigel stayed with her for a while, but he felt unwell and went back to his room to rest. Now Yasmin is with her. How is Ryan?" 
"I took him to the hospital. He had a high fever from standing out in the cold all night, but fortunately, he's physically strong and managed to hold on." 
Bella's long eyelashes were lowered. These two best friends were certainly devoted to their partners.
"Bella, come with me for a moment."
###chapter1806
Justin gripped her soft hand tightly, his expression serious. "I need to discuss something with you."
In the room, Carrie lay in Yasmin's arms, her hot tears soaking Yasmin's black suit.
"Young Madam, see, I am fine. Nothing happened to me." Yasmin held the girl tightly. Her tone was light, but her eyes were filled with tears. "Those people just wanted to scare you. It's all over now... In the future, such things will never happen again."
Carrie suddenly asked softly. "Will there still be a future for me and Ryan?"
Yasmin's heart tightened, and she quickly replied, "Young Madam, don't overthink it. This isn't a big problem. Mr. Hoffman, Mr. Salvador, and Ms. Thompson will definitely handle it well. Everything will return to normal!"
"Yasmin... I'm not foolish. I know why all this is happening. It's because the Hoffman family does not want me to be with Ryan." Carrie's trembling eyelashes were stained with tears, making her look particularly pitiful.
"This time... Those people hurt your left leg and kidnapped you as a small warning. Next time, they will take your life. With my condition, the Hoffman family will never accept me. Forcing Ryan to keep me by his side will only harm him."
"Young Madam! Don't think that way!" Yasmin shook her head repeatedly, her eyes red with panic. "You are the only motivation for Mr. Hoffman to live! If he loses you, what meaning is there left in his life? Wha purpose is there in fighting for power and influence?"
"My existence will only keep bringing
him trouble. He has to expend so
much energy to take care of me, and he is already exhausted." At this moment, Carrie shed her usual
childlike naivety. 
Her thoughts were clear and logical, as if this ordeal had forced her to grow up faster. "I am not like my sister-in-law, who can help my second brother. I can't help Ryan and I only hold him back. I will only put you in more danger, too. You are not just a subordinate or a bodyguard. You are my sister, someone very important to me. From the beginning, I said that I didn't deserve his love. Ryan
not
deserves someone better."
"Young Madam, please, I beg you, don't give up on Mr. Hoffman, please..." Yasmin's words were jumbled and inarticulate as anxiety flooded her mind.
Carrie had long known the Hoffman
family's attitude, and she had long known how difficult it was for Ryan to shield her from the storms outside. Today's crisis was just the last straw that broke her.
"I know everything Ryan has done for me. If this continues, he will lose control sooner or later." Carrie slowly closed her aching eyes.
Memories drifted back to her grandfather's birthday banquet in the moonlit garden, where she first spent time alone with Ryan. Back then, Ryan's eyes shone brightly, outshining the stars.
But lately, those brilliant eyes seemed to have been covered with a layer of dust, weighed down with worry.
She immersed herself in the warm memories, smiling gently, tears of bitterness welling at the corners of her eyes.
"I want Ryan to return to his old self. I just want him to move forward boldly, without any worries."
###chapter1807
When Justin and Bella returned to their room, Justin recounted everything he knew about Zoe and Bethany.
He could have kept it to himself and dealt with it privately, but he was well aware that hiding things from his wife was a grave mistake. Angering Bella could result in her withholding affection for days or even weeks, a thought that was unbearable.
Bella listened quietly, but her beautiful eyes narrowed, emitting an intense, chilling light.
"Carrie has endured so much and suffered so greatly. Her own sister, Bethany, is largely to blame." Her voice was dripping with anger.
In the next moment, she grabbed a teacup and smashed it on the floor.
Justin's heart tightened as he quickly took her hand, checking it carefully and soothing her gently. "Bella, getting angry harms your health. It's not worth it to hurt yourself over someone like her.”
"Even though all fingers are not the same length, Bethany is like an extra sixth finger, a genetic mutation." Bella's usually sweet and clear voice was now hoarse with anger. "How can two people from the same womb be so different? When Shannon was pregnant and forced her way into the family, didn't the old man do a paternity test? Is Bethany really a Salvador?"
Justin's expression darkened. “Grandpa did a paternity test back then. The results showed that Bethany is indeed Gregory's daughter."
"Didn't you watch TV dramas? Paternity tests can be faked, and doctors can be bribed. Shannon managed to hide the fact that she killed someone for twenty years. What can't she hide in a paternity test?" Bella's thoughts ran wild, her imagination conjuring up all sorts of scenarios. 
Justin's fingers slipped under the back of her collar, gently caressing her soft skin. This calmed him down. He wasn't impatient or dismissive. He had the same suspicions but had been too overwhelmed by other matters to give it much thought. 
"Right now, we need to deal with her collusion with the Hoffman family and the framing of Carrie," Justin said, his arm wrapping around her waist and his hand wandering over her curves. "What's your plan, my dear wife?"
"Taking down Bethany is easy. Without Shannon's protection, she will fall quickly." Bella leaned into his embrace, her red lips curving into a cold smile. "But we need a way that will hurt her without harming us." "Bella, do whatever you need to do. Don't worry about the Salvador family. I'll handle it." Justin's eyes were resolute as he looked at her.
Bella shook her head slightly. "Exposing Bethany's misdeeds would make the Salvador family follow in the Iverson family's
footsteps. Even if we don't think net about you, we have to consid..
Grandpa Nigel's feelings. No matter how disappointed he is in her, she is still his granddaughter."
Nigel valued family bloodlines deeply, especially at his age. Having just gone through the ordeal with Carrie, he couldn't take another blow.
"The best outcome is for her to confess on her own. But we need bait." Bella chuckled, her eyes cold and calculating. "She thinks she's won a great victory. Let's give her a bit more surprise." Justin smiled, holding her close. "I trust you, Bella. Let's make sure she gets what she deserves."
###chapter1808
The better one understood the enemy, the greater the chances of victory. Just as Bella had anticipated that Christopher would eagerly strike at Charles, Bella accurately gauged Bethany's arrogance. While the Salvador family fretted over Carrie's predicament, Bethany continued her hedonistic lifestyle, partying at several venues a night, drinking excessively, and even using her autistic sister as a topic of conversation to amuse her friends. She found pleasure in others' pain, releasing her long-held resentment.
After Shannon died, Bethany had been cautious and avoided the spotlight for a long time. But since allying with Zoe, Bethany gradually realized she could still outmaneuver those people. Even without Shannon, she could toy with them just as effectively.
That night, in a chaotic private room, Bethany danced intimately with a handsome male model. Emboldened by the crowd's cheers and fueled by alcohol, she shamelessly engaged in various indecent acts with the stranger.
Amid the chaos, the male model dragged her into the bathroom. They kissed passionately, and he tore off her clothes. Initially, she resisted slightly, covering her exposed lingerie. Suddenly, her eyes widened in shock.
The man deftly transferred a pill from his tongue to hers. She swallowed it before she could react. Bethany pushed him away, panting heavily. "What... What did you give me?"
The male model replied, his eyes burning with lust as he licked her earlobe. "Something that will make you feel very happy and comfortable. It's not your first time trying it, is it?"
Bethany quickly succumbed to the
waves of pleasure. She felt as if her mind was in disarray and her body was floating. She had no idea how much time had passed, but
everyone in the private roomera
gone. 
After the deed, the male model pulled up his pants and opened the bathroom door. Bethany, the noble heiress of the Salvador family, lay disheveled by the dirty toilet, drooling and smiling idiotically.
The man walked into the private
room with a look of disgust. At this moment, there was an elegant, well-dressed man sitting on the sofa with a composed expression. The male model said respectfully, "Mr. Lovett, I have completed the task you assigned." 
"Thank you for dealing with someone so filthy," Steven said, glancing up with a slight smile.
"I have received the photos and videos," Steven said, pushing a bank card toward him. "Here's the agreed-upon $1 million. I even threw in an extra $50,000. I hope you recover soon."
"No trouble at all."
The male model paused, taking the card with a self-deprecating smile. "If my illness could be cured, it would be a medical miracle. Rest assured, I am leaving Savrow on early flight tomorrow and will not be returning." 
###chapter1809
Ryan only stayed at the hospital for one night. He did not sleep at all, spending the entire night taking calls, making calls, arranging press conferences, and contacting renowned psychiatrists and psychologists both domestic and international. He wanted to ensure his beloved received the best possible treatment.
Meanwhile, Logan seemed intent on overwhelming Ryan, disregarding whether he could endure the strain and pushing almost the entire Hoffman Group's affairs onto him. Dean could only watch helplessly, on the verge of tears.
While Ryan was getting his morning IV drip, Yasmin called to inform him that Carrie's condition had stabilized. He immediately pulled out the needle from his arm. He got up and put on his black coat as he headed for the door.
"Dean, prepare the car!"
"Mr. Hoffman, at least finish this bag of IV drip before you leave!" Dean's heart ached at the sight of Ryan exhausting himself. In just a few days, he had lost so much weight that his face was almost unrecognizable.
"I'm fine." Ryan had already stepped outside. His resolute figure exuded a sense of desolation, and his hoarse voice carried an urgent longing. "Nothing is more important than seeing my wife."
The luxury sedan once again entered the villa's courtyard in Crescent Bay, but Ryan was once again refused entry by Nigel.
"Mr. Hoffman, Ms. Carrie is much better. She enjoyed her breakfast." Matt was respectful and calm, harboring no resentment. "Really? My wife... Did Carrie have a good breakfast? That's wonderful..."
Ryan's eyes shone with joy, his long eyelashes trembling. Recalling past moments, he found himself lost in sweet memories. "Carrie does not like eating breakfast. I always had to coax her out of bed to eat breakfast. Every time, I would stay with her until she finished breakfast before heading out."
"Mr. Hoffman, you have been very considerate. Thanks for taking care of Ms. Carrie for such a long time," Matt said with a bow.
Ryan felt a sharp pain in his chest. No matter how he interpreted it, those words sounded like a farewell.
"Mr. Justin and Ms. Yasmin have
been caring for her. They're both by
Ms. Carrie's side, so she is well
cared for. You need not worry. The weather has turned cold these days. Please return." 
"Uncle Matt!" Ryan anxiously grabbed Matt's arm, his parched lips quivering, unable to find his voice. After a moment, he hoarsely pleaded. "Can I see Carrie? I want to see her. I miss her so much..." 
"Mr. Hoffman, Old Master has said Ms. Carrie will not see any visitors while she is recuperating. Please go back." Matt mechanically repeated the statement.
"Visitor?" Ryan flinched at the estranged term, coughing heavily. "Carrie is my fiancée, my beloved! My family! How can I be considered a visitor?"
"I understand you have your difficulties."
Having watched Ryan grow up, Matt could no longer maintain his cold facade. He sighed deeply and said "But after what happened, you
should understand Old Masteral ne
anger and resentment. Furthermore, Chairman Hoffman..." 
"What did he do?" Ryan asked urgently.
"On the night of the incident, Chairman Hoffman called and had a fierce argument with Old Master. Ms. Bella was also present at the time."
Matt sighed helplessly. "Their stance was clear. Your marriage to Ms. Carrie will likely be put on hold."
A thunderous noise filled Ryan's head, as if the sky were collapsing. A strong taste of blood surged up his throat.
###chapter1810
Ryan could even imagine how harshly Logan must have argued in order to ruin the happiness he had painstakingly worked to achieve. Matt watched the dignified young man turn pale with distress, his eyes instantly welling up. He felt uneasy but could only speak softly.
"Mr. Hoffman, you are well aware of Ms. Carrie's condition. In truth, Old Master never intended for her to be married. She is not suited for it. Old Master, along with the Young Master Justin and Young Madam, can support Ms. Carrie for her entire life. Compared to being a wife in a prominent family, Ms. Carrie is actually more suitable to live carefree as the jewel of our Salvador family.
"You have done nothing wrong. It's just that fate is not on your side. You don't need to create further tension with your family. Old Master does not require any particular answer from you. It's best to leave things here. Having cherished memories is enough, isn't it?"
Matt knew how cruel these words were to Ryan, who deeply loved Carrie. Yet, this was the most tactful way he could think of to convey to him that Ryan's love for Carrie no longer had a future.
"Have you ever considered how Carrie feels about all this?!" Ryan's eyes were bloodshot, and his shoulders shook violently. "Carrie loves me! We cannot be without each other! In this day and age, why are we still following parental orders? I love her no matter what, and I can endure any pressure to be with her! We love each other. Our love will be enough! Why can't we be together? Why?!"
Knowing that further words would be futile, Matt bowed once more and turned to leave.
"Can't I quit being the CEO? Can't I cut all ties with the entire Hoffman Group? I can give up everything... I just want Carrie!" Ryan hoarsely shouted, his voice strained to the limit. Only the chilling wind whistled in response.
After a while, a familiar and delicate figure approached the frail man. It was Yasmin.
"Mr. Hoffman, let me take you home," Yasmin said in a subdued tone. Her eyes were swollen from crying.
Ryan's dark eyes, like those
plummeting into an abyss, lit up
once again. He grabbed her
shoulders forcefully, his hands
vel.net
trembling. "Yasmin, does Carrie know I'm here? With all this commotion, she must know I'm here waiting for her!" 
"Yes, Young Madam heard you." Yasmin spoke with difficulty.
"What did she say? Did Carrie say anything to you?!" Ryan's shattered hope flickered in his eyes, his fingers digging into her shoulders painfully. "She must miss me too. She myst want to come home with me
Yasmin, let's take Carrie home now.
Imust take Carrie away AP
stop me!" 
one can
"Mr. Hoffman..." Yasmin remained motionless, her voice trembling. "Young Madam will not go back with you."
"What are you saying?" Ryan was startled.
Yasmin slowly opened her palm. Her eyes were brimming with tears. The lustrous white jade hairpin lay quietly in her hand.
"Young Madam asked me to return this to you.”
Without a single word, the return of this token of their love tore Ryan's heart into a thousand pieces.
"Ugh!"
Under the tremendous blow, Ryan's
body fell forward, his vision plunging into a silent darkness. A taste of metallic blood surged from the depths of his lungs and sprayed out of his mouth violently. 
"Mr. Hoffman!"
###chapter1811
After a night of sinful indulgence, Bethany was woken up by one of the waitresses in the bathroom. She barely had time to clean her lower parts before she shamefully scuttled out of the backdoor of the club. She emerged to find that it was bright outside. It was already noon the next day.
Needless to say, she would not dare return to Tideview Manor in such a state. With that, her only choice was to head to the luxurious suite in the Salvador Hotel that she used to occupy.
Upon arriving, she washed off all the sweat and other fluids on her body after sleeping with the man. The entire time, scenes of her passionate intercourse with the brazen man last night flashed across her mind.
Damn... He was very gifted down there and great in bed.
It was a shame she did not get his number. She would have loved to see him again!
After she was done cleaning up, she got changed into a new set of clothes the hotel staff brought for her. With that, the image of the noble and refined lady whose corrupted side was well hidden from the world had returned. After that, she had the driver take her back to Tideview Manor.
As soon as she stepped inside, she heard someone chatting and laughing in the living room.
"Do we have guests at home?" Bethany turned to the housekeeper and asked.
"Yes, Miss. Mayor Solloway is visiting with his wife and son. Chairman Salvador is entertaining them right now."
Bethany was slightly taken aback to hear this. She was silently cussing out the bratty bootlicker Jason, who was so quick to make a move.
With that, she hurriedly smoothed her hair and put on her best docile and charming smile before trotting into the living room.
"Dad, looks like you have guests over."
She acted as if she had stumbled into them and had accidentally cut off their conversation. "Oh, it's Mayor Solloway and Mrs. Solloway! Even Jason is here. Good afternoon, everyone."
Gregory vaguely caught a whiff of the scent of alcohol on Bethany and instinctively frowned in displeasure. Despite that, he kept up his appearances in front of the guests.
The Solloway couple barely spared a glance in Bethany's direction. All they did was smile plainly in her direction before taking a sip from their respective teacups.
The cowardly Jason hardly dared to make eye contact with Bethany at all. He put on the best impression of a well-mannered son-in-law.
He was acting as if he were not the same man who had slept with Zoe last night.
"Chairman Salvador, it's such a
shame that Carrie isn't around today. Jason has even prepared bunch of gifts for her and was hoping to give them to her in person." Mrs. Solloway remarked with a smile. 
"Our son has never had a girlfriend his whole life and blushes at the sight of a girl. He sure is going all out for Carrie, haha!" Mayor Solloway chuckled while patting his son on the shoulder. 
"Pfft!"
The comment was so unexpected that Bethany could not suppress her laughter!
The scene suddenly became incredibly awkward.
The Solloway couple wore stiffened smiles on their faces while cold sweat trickled down Jason's forehead. He was terrified that Bethany would expose him.
"Dad, I can confirm that what Mayor Solloway and Mrs. Solloway are saying is true. I used to be in the same school as Jason and he's always been a grounded, hardworking man." Bethany glanced at Jason's pale expression and noted with meaning, "He's a perfect match for Carrie, I can't think of a better candidate for the son-in-law of our family. We go way back." A faint scowl greeted Gregory's lips, and his expression grew darker.
The mayor got up and remarked with a smile, "We'll be leaving. We wouldn't want to take up too much of your time."
"Chairman Salvador, let's set up
another meeting when Carrie comes back. We should all bring our children together for another
meeting." Mrs. Solloway seemel neto
very eager to suggest another meeting. 
Gregory coughed faintly and expressed in a slightly troubled manner. "You two must have seen the recent news. With my daughter's current mental state..."
"Oh, Chairman Salvador, just the fact that we came is a sign that we are not bothered by her condition. We don't mind at all."
###chapter1812
Mayor Solloway put on his best display of kindness and understanding while remarking cheerily, "Especially my son! He had a crush on Carrie since he was in school and simply could not forget about her since the time they met at the Iverson's party. He's obsessed with Carrie, so you don't have to worry about a thing at all. It's not a problem for us!"
Mrs. Solloway chimed in, "If you think about it, our son and your daughter are childhood sweethearts!"
Bethany snickered to herself upon hearing the remark.
At least they got the part about childhood sweethearts right, but it unfortunately did not apply to Carrie.
Gregory's tightened frown relaxed slightly upon hearing this.
After that, the Solloways got into the car and left Tideview Manor. The couple sat on one side of the car, while Jason sat across from them.
"It looks like you left a decent impression on Chairman Salvador."
Mayor Solloway noted, with his legs crossed. Judging by his lighter tone, it seemed like he had thought things through. "That little brat may not deserve you, but you do have a point that marrying her will be very helpful for my future election. Besides, if you were to become Gregory's son-in-law, it would help you get a big leg up in your future career prospects."
Jason wore a blank expression the entire time, with an unwilling look in his eyes.
Mayor Solloway noted his expression and sneered. "If you think about it, it's good that the girl has a mental condition. We wouldn't want her to start pushing us around when she marries into our family and stir up trouble for us. Just wait for a few years for her condition to worsen. By then, you would have cemented your position as her guardian and would get to claim whatever assets her family assigns to her." Mrs. Solloway stated with a spark in her eyes, "My son, you are the key to your father climbing up the ladder. His future is in your hands now."
She seemed very eager to take advantage of the marriage.
Meanwhile, Jason stared outside the window with a dark look in his eyes. He was thinking about what Zoe told him.
After the Solloways were gone, Bethany, who could hardly stand after her antics last night, was just preparing to head upstairs to rest when Gregory stopped her.
"How did you know that Mayor Solloway and his wife were here to discuss the marriage?"
Bethany was immediately thrown off guard and at a loss for words.
Her mind raced as she stammered her way through. "Oh... Haha, I just noticed they brought their son atong and seemed very excited with the presents. I figured they must be here to talk about marriage. 
"Dad, are you... Are you going to wed Carrie to Jason Solloway?"
Gregory's hawk-like eyes narrowed slightly. A glacial, mysterious look flashed across them as he remarked, "As things stand, it's not going work out between Carrie
and Ryan. Still, that doesn't mean
my daughter should be left out to dry." 
Upon hearing this, Bethany smirked smugly.
"I was only wondering who was working with the Hoffmans to set up my daughter."
Gregory hissed between his teeth.
"There is nothing I hate more than being betrayed. If I find out who was behind it, I am going to make them
regret ever having done that."
Bethany's joy immediately deflated in a matter of seconds. She felt as if her heart had sunk to the bottom of her stomach.
At that point, they heard footsteps coming from outside the living room.
Soon, Justin, Matt, and Nigel, who was in a wheelchair, entered the living room.
Justin fixed an intense look at Bethany's rigid expression while addressing Gregory. "How rare it is that we share the same thoughts this time."
###chapter1813
Something jerked inside Bethany the moment she saw Justin.
She felt like a mouse who ran into a cat. Her first instinct was to scamper away into the dark and never surface again.
Gregory's cold gaze swept across Justin's stern expression. Then Gregory hurriedly got up and approached Nigel. "Dad, you should have told me you were coming. I could have welcomed you outside." "It's not like I'm visiting as a guest. This is my house! Besides, I wouldn't dare trouble Chairman Salvador himself to welcome me." Nigel scoffed. He had never been very pleasant with his son. The look in Gregory's eyes darkened.
It was clear that the old man was implying that Tideview Manor did not belong to Gregory. Gregory should not presume himself to be the owner of the place just because he lived here.
“Grandpa, I heard Carrie has been recovering at your place. How has she been doing? Is she feeling better?" Bethany perched awkwardly behind Gregory and pretended to express concern for her younger sister.
"She's feeling much better. The brat has been living a good life at my place."
With that, Nigel turned toward Justin and asked suspiciously, “Justin, seeing as you took me back here to see your father, did you have something you want to tell us?"
Justin lowered himself and straightened the cashmere blanket covering Nigel's lap. He narrowed his eyes and said, "Haven't you been wondering who was the one colluding with the Hoffmans by leaking Carrie's mental diagnosis report? Dad, you also mentioned you wanted to find out who betrayed us, didn't you? That person has been hiding in plain sight this entire time.”
As soon as he finished his sentence, Justin cast a piercing look at Bethany, whose face was distorted with fear.
"Why, why are you looking at me?!" Bethany began sweating out of fear. She pathetically stumbled backward, even knocking over an expensive tea set on the table.
She cried out. "What are you trying to say? Are you suggesting that I was the one who leaked the information?! Even if you can't find the culprit, you shouldn't lash out and blame it on me!" Gregory and Nigel cast an astonished look at Bethany.
Nigel's eyes grew wide. His hand clenched fiercely around the armrest of the wheelchair while he asked, “Justin... Are you saying that Bethany was working with the Hoffmans to sabotage Carrie?!"
Gregory shot a stern look at his son. "Justin, this is no laughing matter! Both Carrie and Bethany are your sisters. Even if you don't like Bethany, you can't accuse her of something like that just because of her history with Bella. You're going to have to show us some proof!"
Bethany jumped at the lifeline offered to her and immediately worked on shifting the narrative. "Yes! That's right! You're only doing this for Bella because you wanted to get on her good side!"
On the other side, Bella, who was not involved in this, suddenly sneezed and wondered if somebody had been badmouthing her.
Justin continued to glare at Bethany. Even without speaking, Bethany could feel her skin crawling.
It was almost comedic.
She could not help it. Her guilt was making her agitated.
"There are only four people who have access to Carrie's diagnosis report-Grandpa, Dad, myself, as well as Shannon, who has already passed know Grandpa and Dad would never do something like this. However, Shannon may have made some sort of deal with you and gave you Carrie's report before she went to prison." Justin's tone was flat and intimidating. 
Bethany felt like there was something lodged in her throat, as if Justin were strangling her.
She could not accuse Nigel and Gregory of the crime, so she could only resort to something else. "Well, you could have done it too! Do you remember when Zoe revealed that Bella was infertile at the Reeds' dinner party last time? There was also the time when the Hoffmans got into it with the Thompsons!
"You must have done this because
you wanted to get revenge on the Hoffmans! can't believe you would even stoop low enough to sacrifice your sister! Don't act like you haven't used worse tricks than this over the years against your business rivals. Everyone in Savrow knows how cunning you can get!" 
"Bethany! Watch your tone around your brother!" Nigel reprimanded her. "He has been giving his all, sacrificing his health and sanity for Salvador Corporation and our family over the years. How could you attack him like this? If he is as despicable as you make him out to be, then all of us in the family are no better than him!" 
Judging by Gregory's darkening expression, it was clear that Bethany's outburst had made him very upset.
"Grandpa! How far are you going to go just to protect Justin?"
Bethany stamped her feet anxiously and desperately tried to defend herself. "I know I have made mistakes in the past, but it was Shannon who made me do it! She was the one who set me up!"
###chapter1814
Bethany cried, "Justin can't just pin all the blame on me because of what happened in the past. It wasn't me!
"Justin, even if you were going to stir trouble, you should go to the Hoffmans! Did you think our situation at home isn't bad enough as is?!" Gregory roared furiously. He was clearly taking Bethany's side. What upset Gregory further was the fact that the duo was in cahoots and seemed to be trying to usurp his position as the man of the house. He was sick of this!
"Ryan will take care of the Hoffmans, and I will take care of the situation at Salvador Corporation by myself. None of you have to be concerned."
Then, Justin directed a murderous glare at Bethany again. "Bethany, I'll ask you one last time. Were you the one who leaked Carrie's diagnosis report to Hoffmans?"
"No! I didn't have anything to do with it!" Bethany adamantly refused to admit her fault, her eyes reddening.
"Alright." Justin called out, "lan."
lan had been waiting outside the whole time. He strode inside and greeted the bosses with a respectful bow. "Old Master Nigel, Chairman."
"Bring out the present I prepared for Bethany." Justin's tone was flat, but the look on his face was otherwise ominous.
"Yes, sir." lan fixed a cold look on Bethany as he picked up the remote control from the table and turned on the TV in the living room.
He had even made a point of turning up the volume to the max so that Nigel and Gregory were not the only ones who could hear it. Even the maids lurking outside the hall and peeping at the scene could hear what was going on.
"Come on... Harder! It feels so good... Screw me!"
The most perverse scene, along with its foul audio, immediately bombarded everyone present.
Bethany was seen inside a bathroom, stripped completely naked. A man was with her and had put her in various obscene positions. Both of their bodies were entwined together, and Bethany was passionately rocking her body back and forth while shrieking.
lan quickly looked away from the screen. This was not his first time being forced to watch such a display, and he would rather not have to see it again. It was too disgusting.
If the clip was sold, she could easily become a pornstar.
She was sultry enough for it. The only flaw was her figure.
Nigel and Gregory were in complete disbelief. How could the promiscuous woman on the screen be Bethany, of all people?
Suddenly, there was a round of commotion.
The pale-faced Bethany collapsed onto the coffee table. The contents of the glass soaked her skirt before she tremblingly collapsed onto the floor. én.swnovels.net
The man took a video of their affair last night. It had even ended up in Justin's hand.
Bethany thought, 'Was that man sent by Justin?! Was that man tasked with seducing me?!'
"Enough! Turn it off right now!" Having been forced to watch his daughter in such a state, Gregory was beyond flushed.
Matt and Nigel hardly dared to face
the screen. In a fit of rage and shame Nigel pulled himself out of the wheelchair and charged at Bethany, slapping her right across the face. 
"You shameless brat! You're a disgrace to our family!"
"Ah!!" Bethany's cheek was numb with pain, and her ears buzzed.
The slap was so loud that even the maids outside could hear it. They could only imagine how furious Old Master Nigel was.
At this point, Justin gave lan the signal to turn off the TV.
"Bethany, do you want to end up like your mother? Do you want the whole country to gawk at your scandalous private life?" Justin stared at her again with a malicious smile. "Was it you who gave the Hoffmans the report?" 
Bethany was so terrified that her soul nearly departed her body. Beads of sweat were trickling down her forehead.
It was the most terrifying smile she had ever seen in her life. It was the smile of the devil himself.
###chapter1815
At last, Bethany had broken down completely. She slumped on the floor and began to cry hysterically. "It... It was me..." Everyone was speechless.
Gregory was completely dumbfounded. He said in disbelief, "What did you say... Repeat that again!"
"The report... Shannon gave it to me, then I gave it to Zoe... This was how it got out..." Bethany's tears flowed endlessly.
Now that what she had done had been exposed, she had to confess the truth to protect herself. She would rather admit the truth than have the entire country see her scandalous video.
Bethany compromised, thinking, 'What can my family do to me anyway? So what if I sabotaged Carrie?'
Gregory valued the family's reputation and his image more than anything else in the world, so Bethany was sure he would step up to defend her.
"Why would Shannon give you Carrie's diagnosis report?!" Nigel was so furious that he could hardly catch his breath.
"I... I don't know... Maybe she's lost it because of all the drugs she's been using?"
"Did you use her drug habit against her to blackmail her into giving you something so you could destroy Carrie's marriage? That must be what happened, right?" Justin's eyes were ominously dark. He was erupting with anger.
"I... I..." Faced with the overbearing pressure, Bethany's mind went blank.
Justin's deduction was so accurate that she could not come up with a rebuttal in the heat of the moment.
"You scum! You are worse than scum!"
Nigel furiously slapped his thigh and managed to get up with Matt's help. "Carrie is your biological sister! You grew up with her, and she has always been kind to you... She trusted you as her elder sister... How could you do something like this to her?!"
"You are despicable! You're just like your dead mother!" Gregory was beyond disappointed in his daughter.
"You guys were the ones who forced me into doing this! Did you think this was only my fault?!"
Bethany began to scream madly. "Grandpa, you keep saying that you love me, your eldest granddaughter, but you only favor Carrie every time! I was the one who fell in love with Ryan first, so why did you pair Carrie with him? Why does she always get the good things? Am I supposed to be inferior to her?!"
Nigel was baffled upon hearing this.
In the blink of an eye, his expression darkened again. A drop of tears appeared behind his eyes that were colored with rage. Then he stepped forward and delivered a vicious slap again.
It was a far harder slap than the previous one.
Justin and Gregory were both shocked.
Bethany's eardrums were ringing from the pain and even pulsating. It hurt so much that she was sweating all over.
"The one thing I hate the most are women who get jealous of each other because of men! As if that wasn't enough, you would even stoop as low as to harm your sister, all just to steal love away from her!"
Nigel roared with rage while his
heart ached. "Back then, I had fallen for your grandmother and wanted to marry her... Because of that, her evil sister beat her up so badly that she became deaf in her left ear! 
Justin and Gregory were completely baffled.
Even Matt, who was the closest to Nigel, was completely stunned.
This explained why Nigel always spoke loudly to his wife back then. When there was nobody around, he would often draw up close to his wife and whisper in her ears.
This also explained why Old Madam Salvador, who enjoyed theaters and operas, was a poor singer who was always out of tune.
Despite that, Nigel would always listen to her sing. His eyes would be filled with adoration and tenderness, as if he would never tire of her voice no matter what.
Meanwhile, Old Madam Salvador, who lost her hearing in her left ear, had never complained about it. She always smiled radiantly and was full of kindness. Nobody would ever believe that she had hearing loss.
It was Nigel who made up for her disabilities with his relentless devotion and love.
"What you have done today is no different from what that vicious woman had done in the past! No, you are worse than her, because you used someone else to do the dirty work for you!"
Nigel was beyond furious as he
jabbed his finger at Bethany's pale
face. "I won't have someone morally corrupt like you as my
granddaughter! Don't you ever
d.ne
go
around touting that you are Nigel
Salvador's granddaughter! You don't
deserve the title!" 
"Grandpa..."
Bethany was truly frantic by this point.
Gregory was not fond of her, and her grandfather resented her. To make things worse, Justin was her enemy! Could there still be a place for her in the Salvador family?
"Bethany, since you have confessed to the crime, there is nothing left for you to say."
Justin cast an icy look at Gregory. "Dad, how are you going to deal with her?"
Gregory was seething by this point. He was very upset about Bethany sabotaging Carrie, but more than that, he was upset that she had colluded with the Hoffmans to betray her family! She was a traitor!
At the same time, Gregory did not want Justin to handle the matter.
Firstly, he worried Justin would be too ruthless. It would not reflect well on his reputation. Secondly, he was the leader of the household, so he should deal with the traitor, not this rebellious son of his.
"Lock her up and make sure she doesn't step out of Tideview Manor. I will handle the rest!"
Justin shook his head faintly. "No, that's too light of a punishment."
Gregory frowned. "What are you thinking, then?"
"Cut off all her finances and banish her overseas. Make sure she never comes back to Savrow."
Every word Justin uttered cut deep like a knife. He was not going to back down. "One more thing, she has to go to Carrie and apologize on her knees.”
###chapter1816
Bethany was as pale as a sheet of paper. It was as if she had just seen a ghost.
She thought, 'Apologize to that fool on my knees? I would much rather be dead!'
Bethany immediately turned toward Nigel. However, the old man was so upset with her that he would not even meet her gaze. It seemed like he was determined to punish her.
Seeing as Nigel was not going to help her, she resorted to pleading again. She immediately dropped to her knees at Gregory's feet and wrapped her arms around his thighs while begging hysterically. "Dad! I made a mistake... I will never do something like this again! Just forbidding me from leaving the house is enough to kill me. You can't go further and banish me from Savrow! You have already punished me enough... I'm your daughter. Don't I deserve at least a little bit of grace and respect? Did you have to drag me across mud and torture me like this? Dad!!!"
She screamed and howled like a banshee. A bystander would have thought that she was the one suffering injustice.
Gregory frowned and tried to yank her up off the floor because of the optics she was presenting to the group of maids gawking outside. However, Bethany was glued to his legs like a leech. He doubted he could shake her off even if he kicked her.
"Justin, the punishment is severe enough as is. Just forget the part about needing her to apologize on her knees." Gregory declared curtly.
Judging by his tone, it was more of an order than a suggestion.
Justin's gaze was cold and piercing as he pursed his lips into a thin scowl.
A light suddenly gleamed in Bethany's swollen eyes. She felt like a phoenix reborn.
This meant that Gregory still had an ounce of sympathy for her. All she had to do was to bide her time until this episode blew over. Then she could sneak back to Savrow and live her carefree life. While she was silently celebrating, Justin suddenly spoke again.
"I . She revealed information about Carrie's condition to someone who meant Carrie harm and made it public information. Think about how much she hurt Carrie. Are we just going to let this slide?" "Justin, don't go around thinking you can do whatever you want just because you're the president of Salvador Corporation."
Justin seemed to have struck a nerve in Gregory, who saw red immediately. "I am your father. You must obey me!"
"Bethany is your daughter, but what about Carrie? The fact that you let Carrie, who is innocent, suffer such a grievance is blatant favoritism. How could you let Bethany get away with it again and again when she is in the wrong? Forgiveness should not come so easily."
Every word Justin uttered was curt and to the point. "It seems to me that you are just making light of Grandpa's anger. Choosing to handle it this way is the same as slapping Grandpa across the face!" Justin decided that since Gregory would use his elderly position against him, he would return the favor and use Grandpa Nigel's honored status against Gregory.
As they say, there is always a bigger fish.
"You...!" Having been parried with a perfect move, Gregory could hardly catch his breath.
Although Nigel did not speak, the firm look he fixed on Justin was a sign that he supported Justin's suggestion.
"You're right. Both Bethany and Carrie are my daughters. As a father, I can't bear to see my two daughters going at each other's throats. They are both my flesh and blood. When will this cycle of revenge stop?!"
Gregory continued, his eyes filled
with disdain, More importantly, I don't want to see my daughters clawing at each other's throats for the scumbag playboy, Ryan, of all people! My daughters are the most dignified pair of noble ladies in
Savrow! Who does Ryan think he is?!
"Even if he put on a suit, he could never trick someone into thinking he's royalty! He's just a little devil raised in the slums, an arrogant brat who has never learned his place! Someone like him has no right to marry my daughter!"
The look in Justin's eyes darkened again. His exposed hand underneath the intricate cuff of his shirt had clenched tightly into a fist.
If Gregory was not his birth father, he would have disfigured Gregory.
Gregory began to cast all of the
blame on Ryan. "I have always made sure my daughters were well taken care of growing up, but in the short time tha Carrie has been living with the Hoffman brat, nothing good has come out of it! Not only has she not been given a proper place in the household, but she has even gone through countless sufferings! I can't even get revenge because now there's a civil war under my roof!"
###chapter1817
Gregory said, "Bethany may be in the wrong, but shouldn't most of the responsibility fall on the Hoffmans?!"
He immediately seized the narrative with his clever wit. "It has to be that nasty brat, Zoe, behind this! She has to be brainwashing Bethany, even threatening my daughter to do something like this!
"Even if that wasn't the case, it was ultimately the Hoffmans who went and published news of Carrie's condition to the world! Instead of going to our enemies to settle the score, you would turn against your family? Justin, whose side are you on?!"
Bethany immediately began to weep again. Just like her late mother, she knew best how to earn sympathy.
"Either way, we're sending her overseas. It's settled! I don't want any more trouble in my family!" Gregory declared stoutly. He was not going to allow any room for ions.
Justin's eyes were ominously dark. He was gnashing his teeth and doing his best to suppress the boiling rage inside him.
Still, he was not the type to act rashly in the heat of the moment. He realized that if he kept up the stalemate, it was only going to instigate Gregory further and that he was going to be more protective of Bethany.
"Fine, forget about having to apologize to Carrie.”
With that, Justin proceeded to stride toward Bethany. In an unexpected gesture, he put a hand out to help her up.
Bethany was taken aback by the gesture. She stared at him in confusion and stumbled to her feet.
She had just managed to plant her feet when she heard a thunderous ring in her ears.
Smack!
Without a word, Justin had flexed every muscle in his arm and swung a ferocious slap across Bethany's face, which was already swollen as is.
The pain was so sharp that Bethany could hardly scream anymore. Blood trickled from the corners of her mouth, and all she could hear was incessant ringing like a thousand flies were hovering around her ears. 
Justin was a man of military background. Furthermore, his palms were huge.
Forget about a woman; even a grown man would hardly be able to withstand a slap from him. His strength was not to be underestimated.
The maids watching outside were terrified and fell speechless.
Justin knew what he was doing. He even made a point to cup Bethany's face before slapping her.
"That one is for Carrie. You would sink low enough to hurt your sister. There is no shred of humanity in you."
He had hardly finished his sentence when he delivered yet another slap. This time, the impact threw Bethany to the ground, and she could hardly get up anymore.
"And this one is for Ryan. Your
actions have made my best friend,
whom I consider a brother, suffer heavily. You deserve this. Bethany, if you dare hurt the people around me again, will not let you get away with it, no matter where you run off to. When that happens, even God himself can't protect you."
After calmly issuing the final warning, Justin proceeded to push Nigel's wheelchair and departed with Matt trailing in the back.
Gregory was left rooted to the spot in a state of shock.
After gathering himself, he turned to Bethany, who was completely dizzy at this point. He hissed sharply between his teeth, "You little
traitorous, corrupted scum! Gol.net
on your feet, pack up, and get out of the country!" 
"Dad... Dad..."
Bethany put a hand over her ears, which had turned red, and cried out hysterically. "I'm deaf... Justin made me deaf! I can't hear anything!"
In an instant, Gregory's pupils tightened, and his heart dropped.
###chapter1818
After what happened, there was no way Bethany could stay in Savrow any longer.
Despite that, Justin still seemed very upset.
After leaving Tideview Manor, he called Ryan, but there was no answer.
They had been friends for nearly two decades, but he could only count a handful of times when this had happened. It was a cause for concern.
That night, Bella brought a pack of little panda biscuits that Ralph bought and shared them with Carrie.
The room was filled with warm hues of light as Bella presented the snacks to Carrie. She spoke with a gentle voice, "Come on, Carrie. Try some. I got it this morning. I was so close to eating it, but I held back because I wanted to share them with you."
Carrie's slender figure was resting against the head of the bed. Her skin was fair and smooth like silk, but she looked frail and paler than usual, which was very concerning. She prompted, “Annie, go ahead and eat it if you want to. You don't have to wait for me."
Bella blinked in confusion. "That won't do. They were bought specifically for you!"
"Who bought it for me?"
Bella was slightly taken aback by the question. Meanwhile, the perceptive Carrie asked softly, "Was it... Ralph?"
"Yes, Ralph bought it for you." Bella saw no reason to hide it now that Carrie had figured it out.
"Did he come by?"
Carrie was a very pure person by nature. The thought of Ralph brought a gleam of light into her eyes. "Why didn't you tell him to come inside and sit for a bit after he made the trip here?" "He's a busy man. He needs to go back to the police station to handle a case."
"Then... Could you please call him later and thank him for me?" There was a sincere look in Carrie's eyes as she said that.
Bella smiled with a faint nod. An unexpected sour feeling rose to her chest.
She could tell that Carrie had no appetite at all. Carrie hardly had anything for dinner, so snacks were certainly not an option.
Despite that, Carrie powered through
and ate the snack offered. She gulped it down in a few bites. Despite her red-rimmed eyes, Carrie said, "It's tasty and very sweet.
Come on and have some too."
"Okay." Bella could not help but feel choked up. She clenched on a piece of little panda biscuit so hard that its face had become disfigured.
Carrie had learned to be mindful of
other people's emotions. She did not want her relatives to worry about her either. During During the day, whenever her grandfather was around, she would eat everything enthusiastically to not worry him. 
However, that was precisely what made Bella feel worse.
Carrie was all grown up now. Gone were the days of a carefree, innocent life she once had.
It was around this point when Bella noticed Carrie's draping hair and asked curiously, "Carrie, where did your favorite white jade hairpin go? Did you lose it?"
Carrie's hand, which was holding a piece of biscuit, suddenly froze in the air. Her eyelashes fluttered frantically. "I gave it to Yasmin. I asked her to give it back to Ryan."
Bella felt something seize at her
heart. She immediately reached for Carrie's frail, icy hands and cried out, "Carrie! You gave the hairpin back to Ryan? Are you ready to part with it? Do you know what this means?"
"I do."
Carrie's voice was so soft that it was barely audible. Something shone in her eyes and made them resemble cracked crystals. "It means... That it's over between me and him.”
###chapter1819
"Carrie, look at me." Bella held Carrie by her bony shoulders and stared deep into her eyes. "Are you sure that's what you want? Do you have the heart to break things off with him? Don't do anything that you will regret later on. There are some people that you will never find again in your lifetime after you let them go!"
"I have thought about it carefully. This wasn't an impulsive choice."
Carrie smiled contentedly and slowly closed her eyes. "This is the best outcome for Ryan and for me. I'm glad that we have been together once and have had beautiful memories that can last us a lifetime. The one I loved was the vibrant Ryan who was so full of life. I want him to become himself again. Being with him is only going to restrict him and drag him down..."
Bella felt as if her heart was run over by a truck.
By the time Bella returned to her room with tears in her eyes, Justin was already waiting for her.
"Bella, why are your eyes red? Have you been crying?"
Justin went up to her and immediately circled his arms around her slender waist. It was as if he had been waiting for ages to hold her in his arms. His voice was soft and full of love. "Who upset my wife? Tell me, I will make things right for you."
"As if anyone would ever dare to upset me with the great Mr. Salvador protecting me."
Bella rested her forehead against his shoulder and felt the surging heat from his body slowly fuse into hers. The comforting warmth soothed her thoughts until, at one point, she said, "It's Carrie." Justin seemed to grow nervous. "What about her?"
"She wants to end things with Ryan."
"Why?" Justin's breathing turned rapid.
"What happened this time really did a number on her. She's scared and tired at this point. She thinks she is dragging down Ryan."
Bella turned up to face Justin while hooking her arms around his neck. Then, she sighed exasperatedly. "I can understand how she feels. When you love someone so much, you think so much more about the consequences. At this point, she can't recklessly throw herself
headfirst into love the way she did in
the past." 
"That explains it... I have been calling Ryan all day, but he hasn't picked up. I guess he found out about it too." Justin's jaw flexed ever so slightly. He could not help but worry about how his friend was holding up.
Ryan was now barraged by problems on all fronts, and his fiancee was going to leave him.
Today might just be the worst day of his life.
"Besides, even if Ryan does manage to sort out the problem with his family, what about things at Carrie's side? Grandpa and your father must despise the Hoffmans more than anything now. Why would they let Carrie marry him?"
Bella's eyes were filled with rage and helplessness have been thinking about my family's reaction to what happened to me in the past. If we were to compare situations, what happened to Carrie was far worse than what happened to me. The entire Hoffman family is ganging up on poor Carrie to frame her. They're even treating her like a fool and doing all those nasty things to her!
об
"Any parent with a hint of conscience would not send their child to a lion's den. Besides, does it look like Ryan can protect her at all? No! And who's to say something worse won't happen next time? Nobody in their right mind would take such a risk with their child."
"Ryan is capable of protecting Carrie. I think the reason it turned out this way is because someone has been lurking behind the scenes, directing the Hoffmans. Or better yet, whoever this is has been using the Hoffmans to do their dirty work."
The look in Justin's eyes darkened upon reaching this note. "I refuse to believe that those two scumbags, Zoe and Liam, are capable of this."
"That's what I was thinking too. Let's wait for updates from Ralph."
Justin's phone vibrated just as Bella finished speaking.
He proceeded to put the call on speaker and answered, "What is it, lan?"
lan sounded like he was about to
burst with excitement. "Mr. Salvador!
I just received some updates from our people. It's about Bethany. Chairman Salvador had sent her to the hospital for treatment immediately after you slapped her today, and guess what? She's gone deaf!" 
###chapter1820
"She's deaf?"
Justin seemed largely indifferent. Meanwhile, Bella cried out excitedly while her pearly eyes widened slightly.
"Yes! There is no mistaking it! I have received the medical report, and I will forward it to you two right now. She's still in the hospital, and last I heard, she has gone completely deaf in her left ear. She's beginning to develop hearing loss in her right ear, and she has to use a hearing aid now."
lan's overjoyed voice echoed around the room. "Mr. Salvador, bravo! You sure taught her a proper lesson and slapped the hearing out of her!"
"lan, you are exaggerating." Justin frowned faintly and remarked with a low chuckle.
Bella began to laugh out loud while clapping her hands enthusiastically. She clapped so hard that the webs of her palms turned red. “Hahaha! Wonderful! God is fair, after all! Let's see if she still mocks Carrie from now on! Maybe now she will learn to watch her attitude."
Upon noticing Justin staring at her, Bella immediately zipped her smile. Her cheeks slowly reddened with a hint of shame. "Wait, am I being too... Mm..."
She barely managed to finish her sentence when Justin planted his lips against hers and drowned her in a passionate kiss.
He firmly held her supple body in his arms while running his palm all over the side of her hip, the favorite part of her body that he simply could not get enough of. Meanwhile, he continued to kiss her with burning fervor, parting her lips and teeth with his tongue.
When he felt Bella shuddering in his arms, he suddenly released her from his grip. Then he suggestively caressed her rosy lower lip with the tip of his thumb with a smirk. "What were you going to say? That you were a little too excited about the news?"
Bella stared deep into his starry eyes and seemed like she was going to get lost in them. Her eyes gleamed while she caught her breath.
"You know what I think? I think you should dial it up..."
Justin pressed his palm against the back of her waist. "I love it when you get nasty."
Bella's cheeks immediately turned beet red while she shyly beat her palms against his chest.
Soon, she noticed the pace of Justin's breath growing heavier. There was a lustful look beneath his eyes.
It looked like the man was in the mood.
"Young Madam, you won't believe how cool Mr. Salvador looked today!"
lan's loud and distinct voice shattered the romance hovering in the air. "Mr. Salvador took Old Master Nigel with him today to meet Chairman Salvador. He taught Bethany a lesson right in front of everyone.
"Old Master Nigel was upset with Bethany and gave her a proper beating without caring about what the others thought. After that, Chairman Salvador wanted to protect Bethany for the sake of the family's reputation, but Mr. Salvador didn't budge at all. He pushed for her tébe banished from Savrow and gave her two more proper slaps! I was surprised when I found out about her going deaf. What a nice bonus!" 
Bella blinked and turned to fix a suspicious look at Justin.
"Bethany knows what she has done. There is no denying her crimes. To make things worse, she made the most insensible choice she could at the time and went to Gregory to plead for help. She did it right in front of me!"
There was a piercing and yet
disinterested look in Justin's eyes. Despite that, his hands continued
running atong Bella's hips. "You can't blame me for her turning deaf. If you're going to blame someone, you should blame Gregory for not foflowing through with my request to make her apologize to Carrie on her knees. If he had done that, I wouldn't have had to slap Bethany at all." 
"Oh, my dear Mr. Salvador, you sure know how to justify your actions."
Bella saw through him immediately. She hooked her finger around his tie and loosened it in one swift gesture. "Are you some kind of barbarian who doesn't even know how to control your strength? Admit it, you did it intentionally. You wanted to ruin her." 
Justin was no longer subtle about it. He gently kissed Bella. "I'm just as nasty as you. We're a perfect match."
"Well, not necessarily." A dark, layered look flashes across Bella's eyes. "Ian, how many days will she be hospitalized?"
"Only two or three days."
"Can you appoint someone to get close to her?"
"Her ward is closely guarded by Chairman Salvador's people, and the only person allowed is the attending doctor. I doubt we can get any of our people close to her at all.” Ian remarked in a troubled voice. Bethany became yet another point of conflict in the already heated relationship between Justin and Gregory.
###chapter1821
Gregory's tight security measures were merely his intention to contest with Justin secretly.
Instead of father and son, Gregory and Justin were more like mortal enemies.
"Bella, what do you want to do?" Justin asked softly.
"I want to draw Bethany's blood and do a DNA test."
Justin and lan were stunned.
"I'd like to see if a degenerate like Bethany is really a Salvador. I'm just too curious."
Over the past few days, Bella gave it some thought and felt that it was weird. She compared photos of Gregory and Bethany but failed to see the resemblance between them. Even Carrie had some similar features to Gregory.
The weirdest part was that Bethany did not look like Shannon either.
It was not scientific.
"It's fine if we can't get close to her at the moment."
Bella smiled coldly. "She would have to go to the hospital for a check-up sooner or later. When she's overseas, it'll be a piece of cake for us to get her blood sample."
"Bella, you seem quite sure." Justin sensed that things were not as simple as he thought from the woman's cunning, fox-like eyes.
"During high-risk sexual activities, HIV has an 80% transmission rate. Now, we'll see if Bethany falls into that lucky 20%."
Bella crossed her arms, her clear voice carrying a hint of coldness. "Besides, I've seen the medical report of the man she last fucked around with. He has AIDS. Bethany's trip to the hospital is guaranteed.” The room suddenly fell silent.
Justin's eyes widened, his thin lips parted, and he was at a loss for words for a long time.
His lover was an angel when she was kind, but even the devil had to avoid her when she was evil.
lan fell silent on the other end of the phone, muttering a silent prayer for his boss. 'Mr. Salvador, please don't make Ms. Thompson angry, ever!'
Bella had already eaten, but Justin was still starving after busying
around for a day. So, she went to the kitchen and cooked him a bowl of delicious noodles with two side dishes, showing great
Skon ove 199
thoughtfulness. 
Justin held the bowl and slurped the noodles while munching on the cucumber side dish loudly, apparently enjoying his food.
"It's crisp and tasty. Where did you buy it?" He only remembered to maintain his image as the president of a corporation after finishing his meal. He quickly straightened kis back and took a napkin to wipe his mouth gracefully. 
"I made it myself." Bella poured him a glass of water.
Justin's eyes widened slightly, and he grabbed her hand. "You made it?!"
"During the stay at Grandpa Nigel's
house, I had nothing to do while accompanying Carrie, so I asked Uncle Matt to buy some ingredients. I pickled these cucumbers and put them in the refrigerator." 
Bella smiled softly. "Don't think that I made them for you. It's for Grandpa Nigel. He loves pickles and can't enjoy a meal without them."
Justin felt a surge of warmth in his heart, holding her waist and lifting her onto his lap. His throat bobbed. "Whose wife is so kind and considerate?" "Yeah, whose?"
Bella acted dumb, scratching his chin with her fingertips, and stared at her reflection in his stunning eyes.
"Mine... Mine. Mine."
Justin's murmurs tugged at her heart. He leaned closer to her neck, warm lips brushing past her skin, sending shivers through her. Her goosebumps rose on her skin, and she looked cute and alluring. "Is something on your mind?" Bella gently touched his brows.
###chapter1822
"Today, if Grandpa didn't blurt it out of anger, I still wouldn't know that Grandma was deaf in her left ear."
Justin smiled bitterly, feeling guilty. "Isn't it ridiculous? As their grandson, I spent the most time with Grandpa and Grandma since I was little, but I never noticed anything unusual with Grandma..."
"I know about this. Grandpa Nigel told me during Christmas that year, when I went to visit Grandma with him..."
At the unintentional mention of Christmas, Bella immediately stopped speaking and dared not continue.
This year's Christmas was less than two months away.
The Thompson family loved festivities. Every Christmas, they would put up a grand and beautiful Christmas tree in the living room, and Asher would prepare gifts for each family member. He would also spend out of his pocket to buy gifts for the household workers.
But because of the unborn child she lost, Bella did not dare to celebrate Christmas anymore, not even daring to return home on the day of Christmas.
That was in the past.
Now, she did not bring it up because she was worried Justin would be reminded of unpleasant matters, making him upset.
Indeed, the man's eyes reddened instantly. He hugged her tightly and spoke after a long while. "Thank you... Bella. Thank you for everything you've done for Grandpa and me over the years." He could not continue anymore.
"Since you know how much I did, you must treat me nicely for a lifetime." Bella's smile was bright and cheerful as she patted his trembling back.
"For this year's Christmas, can you take me in and let me celebrate with your family?" Justin's gaze was intense, his long eyelashes fluttering as he tried to hold back his surging emotions. "I heard the Christmas tree in your family is huge. I'd like to see it."
Bella leaned against his heaving chest like a soft little kitten. "You'll have to get to work if you come."
The man's voice was gentle. "Okay."
They tacitly avoided touching on sad topics but could still understand the affection and guilt in each other's
showing their prove to fullest. Content belongon
eyes
the
True love needed no words.
"Young Master Justin, Young Madam."
Matt hurriedly walked in, and upon seeing the affectionate scene, he quickly covered his eyes to avoid intruding.
Justin was calm, but Bella could not sit still, jumping off the man's lap with a flushed face.
"Ahem... Mr. Ralph is here. He's waiting in the living room."
The couple quickly came out to greet Ralph, hand in hand.
"Ralph!" Seeing her brother, Bella beamed brightly.
"Bella." Ralph sat on the sofa, his eyes curving up like a half-moon.
He wore a neatly tailored black
over a simple shirt, the collar
casually open. No matter how
coat
casual his attire was, he still bad a
naturally noble air about him.
"Ralph." Justin greeted.
"Justin," Ralph responded, but his gaze seemed to subconsciously drift elsewhere, as if he was looking for someone else.
Upon noticing it, Bella's heart stirred, and she smiled faintly. "Have you eaten? Why don't you stay for a meal? I'll cook for you."
"There's no need. I'll make it quick."
Ralph's brows furrowed deeply, his expression solemn. "Bella, I couldn't find any information about the
person you asked me to investigate, not even at the headquarters.
There's no DNA sample or
fingerprint in the system. This means there are two possibilities. One, he never committed crimes in the country. Two, he's not from this country at all." 
###chapter1823
Chapter 1823
Bella and Justin's expressions turned grim after hearing it.
"Or, he cleans up the crime scene meticulously every time, leaving no trace of evidence. But it doesn't fit the style of a desperate criminal and top-tier hitman."
Ralph rubbed his chin, calmly analyzing, "So, I'm leaning toward the guess that someone hired him from abroad."
"If that's the case, it will be more difficult to investigate him. That man must've disappeared immediately after doing this and might've already crossed the border with a fake identity." Justin's gaze darkened. "Didn't Yasmin see that man's face? She can come to the station tomorrow and describe his appearance based on her memory. We can get the best profiler in our province to draw a portrait of that assassin."
A dark light flashed across Ralph's clear eyes. "With the portrait, we might get more clues. We can't delay this matter for too long, or the portrait will not be accurate because a human's memory will fade. Only a portrait drawn while the memory is fresh will be precise."
Bella and Justin exchanged a glance, about to say something when a sweet, gentle, yet calm voice rang out behind them.
"I remember his face."
Ralph quickly looked up. When Carrie's frail figure walked down the stairs, entering his sight, his beating heart pounded fiercely against his chest.
He hurriedly stood up from the sofa, the warm blood flowing in his veins seemingly starting to stir.
Justin realized. "Yeah, Carrie was in contact with that man too."
Bella pursed her lips slightly, walked to Carrie, and held her shoulder gently. "Carrie, we'll contact Yasmin tomorrow. Let her handle this. You don't need to do or think about anything. Just focus on getting better."
She knew that although Carrie looked fine, her mind was still tortured by the traumatic events and the breakup with Ryan.
Bella even wanted to take Carrie for MECT therapy to make her forget everything that happened that day. How could they force her to recall those painful memories and cause further damage to her already shaken mental state?
"Carrie, don't force yourself."
Ralph gazed deeply at her, his voice hoarse. "Your health and well-being are more important than anything else."
"Annie, Ralph, it's okay."
Carrie shook her head slightly, her gaze determined. "I'm fine now. I just want to help you as much as I can, and I want to catch that man too. I want to know who is behind this. Who's controlling the Hoffman Group and using me to hurt Ryan."
Bella and Justin's hearts tightened. They felt unspeakable sorrow.
They did not tell Carrie anything over the past few days, but she was smart enough to understand everything from their fragmented conversations.
Ralph stared at Carrie's red eyes, thinking about how affectionate her gaze was when she mentioned Ryan.
He could see that she really loved him, so much so that she would not allow a second person to come between them.
Justin was surprised. "Carrie, you and Ryan..."
"I just want to do something more for Ryan."
Carrie immediately interrupted him, curling her lips. "He has always been taking care of me, accommodating me, and sacrificing for me. I also want to try my best to do something, before officially leaving him."
Leaving him?!
Ralph widened his eyes, his heart skipping a beat.
But he did not have the intention to take advantage of the situation, nor did he feel any joy at the sudden opportunity. He was more worried about whether Carrie could take it.
Bella lowered her head, her eyes reddening.
Justin noticed Bella's fluctuating emotions and held her hand, pressing it against his chest to comfort her silently.
Ralph walked to Carrie, his tall and lean body towering over her, surging with masculinity. But his gaze at her was filled with tenderness.
###chapter1824
Chapter 1824
"Ralph." Carrie raised her delicate little face.
"Carrie, thank you for being willing to help. I'll wait for you at the police station tomorrow. Ask Bella and Justin to bring you over." Ralph's heart softened.
He had the urge to raise his hand and gently pat the girl's head, but in the end, he still held back, his hands clenching while his veins bulged.
Carrie said softly, "No need. I can draw him."
"What? You can draw him?" The three of them were shocked.
"That man left a deep impression on me. No matter how much time has passed, I won't forget his face." Carrie took a deep breath and calmed herself. "I'm better at drawing portraits. I think that rather than describing his characteristics, it'd be more accurate if I drew him myself."
To prevent Carrie from being disturbed, she went upstairs to draw alone so she could make full use of her skills, while the others waited patiently in the living room.
After hesitating for a moment, Ralph could not resist asking, "Bella, did Carrie break up with Ryan?" "It's Carrie's decision." Bella sighed softly, her beautiful eyes clouded with sorrow. "But I think Ryan won't let her go. He loves Carrie too much."
Ralph gripped the cup in his hand tightly, his voice bitter. "Carrie loves him deeply too."
"With Ryan's personality, it will inevitably be a heart-wrenching entanglement." Justin's heart was filled with worry.
Ryan, who lost Carrie, might descend into madness. He would not let go of everyone in the Hoffman family who hurt Carrie, nor would he forgive himself.
Bella could see Ralph's feelings for Carrie, so after thinking for a moment, she made up her mind and said, "Ralph, if you're not so busy recently, why don't you take a break and come accompany Carrie with us? With one more person around to divert her attention, it might lift her spirits."
Justin glanced at Bella discreetly, knowing her true intentions.
"If Carrie needs me, I'll definitely be there." Ralph's lashes fluttered in restraint. "But now, she needs you and Justin more than she needs me. She also needs Ryan."
Bella said nothing more.
She did not intend to push Ralph and Carrie to be together, but she merely wanted the people around her to be happy. She could not bear to watch her brother suppress his feelings, suffering from longing. Time ticked away.
After a while, Carrie returned to the living room with a piece of drawing paper and handed the portrait to them.
The three people gathered around, flipping over the paper.
On the pure white paper, a man's eyes were as cold as blades. His brows were sharp, and his facial features were defined.
The portrait was vivid and lifelike.
Justin stared at it without blinking, secretly exclaiming that the man was indeed impressionable and handsome.
Just as he raised his eyes, he saw Bella and Ralph staring at the portrait in shock, their expressions identical-shock, surprise, and disbelief.
"Bella, Ralph, what's going on?" Justin felt worried.
Bella's hand, gripping the paper, trembled uncontrollably. "Carrie, are you sure that the man looks like this? Are you sure?!"
###chapter1825
Chapter 1825
"Yes." Carrie nodded firmly.
At this moment, Ralph, always composed and steady, stared at the portrait as he stood quietly and stiffly, his eyes turning red.
"Ralph, are you alright?" Carrie keenly sensed Ralph's unusual behavior and asked softly.
Ralph spoke, his voice hoarse. "Sorry. Where's the washroom? I need to use it."
Justin pointed in the direction, and Ralph immediately strode away.
"Bella, do you guys know this man?" Justin put his arms around her waist and asked nervously.
Bella took a deep breath, trying to calm her surging emotions. "This man looks like my fifth brother, Hugh, who died in a plane crash."
Justin and Carrie's eyes widened in disbelief!
Thinking of her fifth brother, who passed away many years ago and became a wound that would never heal on the Thompson family members' hearts, Bella immediately teared up and muttered in a low voice, "During the years Hugh left us, we never dared to mention his name or grieve him, especially in front of Aunt Mila and Ralph. It's not because we have forgotten him, but precisely because we can't, so we always avoided the subject."
Bella slowly closed her eyes as her memories were recalled, the pain spreading from the deepest corner of her heart and almost overwhelming her. "Until now, I could still remember the morning of Hugh's accident. He wore his pilot's uniform and carried a suitcase, standing in the courtyard bathed in warm sunlight, waving goodbye to us. We never thought it would be the last time we saw him."
The short goodbye became an eternal farewell.
Justin's hand on Bella's waist tightened, the sadness pressing down on his chest like a huge rock, so heavy that it suffocated him.
He wanted to comfort her, but any words seemed pale and useless in the face of a sibling's death. Carrie finally understood and could not help looking back worriedly at the direction Ralph had left. "The man in this portrait doesn't just look similar to Hugh. They look identical!"
Bella's fingers trembled again as she held the portrait. "But... But we've gotten official confirmation that all the crew members and passengers on Hugh's plane died in the crash. It's impossible..."
"It's indeed hard to believe." Justin's voice was slightly hoarse, his palm rubbing her shoulders gently." Even if no body was found, the possibility of survival in a plane crash is close to zero. Besides, if your brother survived and was saved, how could he not contact his family for so many years?"
"So, is it just a coincidence?" Ralph returned to them, but although he tried his best to control himself, his slightly swollen eyes still betrayed his sadness. "It's just a coincidence that he looks exactly the same as my brother? Are there really two people who look so much alike in the world?"
"It's not impossible," Justin said after some thought.
"Actually, after the plane crash, Wyatt and Aunt Mila refused to give up for a long time and used their connections to search for Hugh's whereabouts, especially Aunt Mila. She didn't see her son's body with her own eyes, so even if everyone told her there was no hope, she still couldn't get over it, holding onto the faint hope that her son might be alive.
"That glimmer of hope helped her through the darkest times of her life. So, she did not treat the day of the incident as Hugh's death anniversary. She still celebrates his birthday, as if Hugh merely went on a long trip and would come home sooner or later."
Bella's heart throbbed with pain. "I really can't imagine how Aunt Mila would feel if she saw this man. I'm afraid she'd want to find this man more than we do, even just to see him once."
Ralph stared deeply at the man's handsome face. "This man looks like Hugh, but his eyes don't belong to him. Hugh is like a pool of springwater, while he is a ruthless cold blade."
The room fell into a depressing silence.
Justin suddenly thought of something, his jaw tensing.
"Justin, if you have something to say, just say it." As a couple, Bella could read the man's
microexpressions now.
"Bella, do you remember that woman who looked almost the same as you? The woman Christopher kept by his side."
"You mean Yvonne? Of course."
"At that time, Christopher used Yvonne to set a trap, making me mistake her for you and fall into his
trap,"
Justin's gaze darkened, clouded by shadows. "And this man coincidentally looks like your fifth brother and coincidentally played a crucial role in the plot against Ryan and Carrie. Is it possible that Christopher was the one pulling the strings behind Liam and Zoe?"
###chapter1826
Justin's words immediately brought Bella's senses back from being entangled in sorrow.
The more she thought about it, the more suspicious and reasonable it seemed.
"We've analyzed before that with Liam and Zoe's ability, they could not find such a capable helper. Someone must've supported them from behind."
Justin's eyes shone as he calmly broke things down. "What if Christopher wanted to set a trap to take revenge? It's not impossible. Besides, Ralph just said that the assassin was most likely from overseas. Christopher had been in Sentania for many years. It wouldn't be too hard for him to find someone to help Liam solve their problems."
"Revenge? If that viper wants revenge, he should come to us! What does it have to do with Ryan and Carrie?"
Bella was furious. "Is he so free that he wants to meddle in the Hoffman Group's affairs?!"
"Carrie is my sister, and Ryan is my best friend."
Justin's thin lips twitched, his hoarse voice suppressing anger and hatred. "Bella, do you understand?"
As Carrie was present, there were some things he could not say too bluntly and cruelly.
Someone like Christopher, who has forsaken his humanity, was more than capable of venting his anger on the people close to Justin.
Christopher knew Ryan cared most about Carrie. So, he wanted to hand a knife to the Hoffman Group and destroy the relationship between Ryan and Carrie, letting the people Justin cared about feel the pain of losing someone they loved.
This kind of empathetic heartache was undoubtedly like cutting Justin's flesh with a blunt knife!
Bella's breath hitched, but she raised another question after a moment of thought.
"Justin, your analysis makes sense, but the situation is different. Does Christopher need to repeat the same trick? He kept a woman who looked like me beside him to set you up and to show her face to confuse people.
"Why does he need to send an assassin that looks like Hugh? There's no need for that. Besides, Christopher is quite a meticulous person. If he used the same trick, wouldn't it be easy for us to think of him? Would he be so dumb to leave us clues?"
"Justin's analysis is reasonable." Ralph's gaze was sharp and cold, regaining his composure as a captain. "Christopher has the motive to use the Hoffman Group to plot against Ryan. But Bella is right about one thing. He didn't need to use someone who looked like Hugh. Once this man shows himself, things might become complicated, like now."
Carrie, who had been quiet all this while, suddenly spoke, staring at Ralph's resolute face nervously. "Ralph, you mean... The person who hurt Ryan might not be Christopher... It could be someone else?" Bella and Justin were surprised.
In the past, Carrie was timid and cautious, living obediently and humbly, appearing naive and frail.
Ryan had always protected her like a precious flower in the greenhouse, but she was actually perceptive and clear-headed.
"Yes. Carrie, you're smart."
Ralph looked into her clear eyes, his lips curling up warmly, but his heart was bitter. "It has something to do with Christopher, but that assassin might not work for him. Someone else could be helping him." 
Carrie was attentive and cared about this case because it involved the person she loved most.
"Someone is behind Christopher," Bella and Justin blurted in unison.
The situation was becoming more complicated.
So, was this the signal of that person's appearance?
Could it be a coincidence that this man, who looked so similar to Hugh, started being involved with the people around them? Christopher was already a tough opponent to deal with. What kind of terrifying figure was it that could make him submit?
After their discussion, Ralph wanted to leave without staying longer.
Bella and Justin walked him to the door, but unexpectedly, Carrie hurriedly ran out without even wearing her jacket. "Ralph, wait!"
Seeing the girl running toward him
Ralph felt his heart tremble. He
l.ne
quickly said, "What if you catch a
cold coming out with so little
clothes on? Go back inside!
"I'm not cold. It's okay." Carrie's face was rosy and sincere. "Ralph, I've finished all the biscuits you sent me last time. They're delicious."
"It's nothing. As long as you liked them." Ralph smiled brightly.
Carrie pursed her lips, handing him a scroll of paper. "This is for you. Thank you for the treats."
Ralph was momentarily stunned,
then
unfo the paper and carefully
it. It was a caricature of
him, but it retained his lively and
cute essence. He liked it a lot.
"Wow... It looks just like Ralph!" Bella peered at it and could not help exclaiming.
Justin nodded. "It does look like him."
###chapter1827
"I drew it in a rush, so it looks rough. It could be better." Carrie felt embarrassed, thinking that using such a crude thing as a return gift might not be adequate. "No, it's good. It's really good."
Ralph struggled to control himself, but he was so overjoyed that his voice trembled. He said hoarsely, "Thank you, Carrie... I love it. Oh, right!"
He leaned back into the car and took a bag of candied apples he bought, handing it to Carrie. He tried to act casual, but his ears were unmistakably red. "On my way here, I saw a stall selling candied apples and bought some because I was hungry. I haven't touched it yet. Take it."
Bella narrowed her eyes knowingly.
Her seventh brother was a top-tier foodie. If he was hungry, how could the candied apples have lasted the journey? He would have devoured it immediately, leaving nothing but the wrapper.
Ralph obviously bought it for Carrie but was embarrassed to take it out until now.
"Candied apples?" Carrie's dim eyes glimmered with a new light.
Nobody would believe that, as the daughter of a wealthy household, Carrie had never tried this common street candy.
Due to her illness, she was confined at home by Gregory and Shannon since she was a child, and a driver would send her to school. She rarely had a chance to hang out with friends like an ordinary girl. Besides, Gregory always looked down on such "commoner" food, so she had only seen candied apples and never tried them.
Ralph unwrapped the package and handed a stick of candied apple to Carrie. "Do you want to try it?"
Carrie was shy at first, but the attraction of candied apples was too strong. She could not resist sticking out her tongue like a kitten, licking the bright red fruit. "Mmm... It's sweet!"
Ralph was amused. A genuine smile spread across his face, and the girl's innocent expression melted his heart.
'Then I'll buy it for you frequently, okay?' Ralph thought to himself. These words were a confession that lingered in Ralph's mind.
At night, the couple bathed together. Bella sat in front of a mirror, wrapped only in a towel, as Justin blew out her thick, dark hair.
Her hair was thick and took a long time to dry, but he always had enough patience to blow her hair slowly, and then carefully comb through it.
After finishing, the man held her round shoulders, biting and kissing down gently, leaving a trail of marks that belonged to him.
Bella's face flushed, and she could not help lifting her chin to seek for his lips.
When their lips touched, filled with desire, it quickly spiraled into an unstoppable indulgence in pleasure.
After their intimacy, Justin carried
Bella into the bathroom again, holding her narrow waist as he put her on the sink counter and cleaned her with the showerhead. 
"Justin." She called out softly.
"Yeah?" Justin washed her body while leaning in to ask for a kiss.
"Do you think... Ryan suits Carrie more, or Ralph?"
Bella traced his lips with her fingertips. "I want an unbiased opinion."
Justin's gaze darkened. "Bella, do you want to push Carrie to be with Ralph?"
"Not really." Bella shook her head. "I merely want Carrie to be happy."
"Ryan is passionate like fire, while Ralph is gentle like a spring breeze. In terms of appearance, ability, and family background, they are well-matched. Carrie would be in good hands with either of them." 
Justin's hands grabbed her waist and crept up inch by inch, finally landing a kiss between the charming fair skin. "But I think my sister deserves to be carefree and in love.
What's most important is who she likes." 
Bella pursed her rosy lips and nodded slightly.
Indeed. No matter how good a man was, it was not as important as Carrie's feelings.
But Bella still had a lingering fear, afraid that the Hoffmans would target that poor girl again.
They returned to their room and were about to rest when Justin's phone vibrated.
"Who is it?" Bella yawned.
Justin's pupils contracted. "It's Ryan!"
###chapter1828
Justin gripped his phone tightly. "Bella, I need to pick up Ryan's call."
"Go ahead," Bella urged gently.
Justin would pick up all his calls without hiding anything from her, no matter who it was.
He had no secrets from her. But at this time, Bella knew that the brothers needed a private conversation.
Justin got up and headed to the living room, standing in front of the window. He sounded concerned. "Ryan, how are you? Are you doing okay?"
"Justin."
After a long pause, Ryan finally spoke, his voice hoarse like a traveler stranded in the desert for too long without water. "I miss my wife. I miss Carrie..."
Justin's breath hitched. "Don't worry. Carrie is with our grandfather. We are accompanying her, and she's doing well."
"Justin, can I still be with Carrie? Can I still marry her?" Ryan asked desperately.
Justin's throat choked up, suddenly at a loss for words.
He knew Ryan was madly in love with Carrie, but he was unsure whether Carrie was still willing to choose Ryan.
"If I solve all the Hoffman Group's problems, will you let me take Carrie away?" Ryan's tone suddenly turned gloomy. "Justin, help me."
Justin lowered his eyes. "You're my best friend. You don't need to ask."
"Help me gather all the dirt on the Hoffman Group, as much as possible, especially on Logan.”
Justin's heart tightened, and he quickly said, "Ryan, Logan is your grandfather and the actual person in charge of the Hoffman Group. Don't do anything stupid!" "Gregory is your dad, but I see you didn't hesitate to defy him for Bella."
Justin was speechless.
Indeed, Justin was professional in going against his family, which was a totally bad influence on Ryan.
"I've made up my mind. Everyone who plotted against Carrie, who tried to stop me from marrying Carrie, should not stand while talking to me."
Ryan's cold and ruthless voice rang
out in the dark night. "Logan is the foundation of the Hoffman Group. Without touching him, I won't be
I
able to get rid of Liam completely or crush that scumbag." 
"Ryan, if you do so, I'm afraid you'd be playing with fire!" Justin was genuinely worried for him. "Wait a
littledonger. We'll think of the safest
solution." 
"I can't wait anymore... Every second I'm apart from Carrie feels like my heart is being cut open!"
Ryan's emotions gradually lost
control, panting heavily as he roared
hysterically, "If... I ask you to
separate from Bella, can you tolerate it? Can you?!" 
Justin's chest throbbed with pain. "Ryan..."
"For Carrie, I won't hesitate, even if I have to overturn the entire Hoffman Group!"
As his words fell, the call disconnected without waiting for Justin to respond.
Justin sighed, raising his gaze to the silver moonlight casting a glow on his face.
It was bound to be a sleepless night.
Seeing that Carrie's condition had gradually stabilized, Bella and Justin felt assured enough to leave Nigel's house, returning to their busy schedule. Justin did not have the time to rest. He hurried back to the Salvador Corporation.
He had just finished hosting a meeting in the morning and attended to important guests in the afternoon. Then he wanted to call his beloved wife.
###chapter1829
Matt's call came through.
Justin said, "Uncle Matt, what's up?"
"Young Master Justin, can you talk now?" Matt's words flickered.
"Please go ahead."
"This morning, Chairman Salvador came to bring Ms. Carrie back to Tideview Manor."
Justin's gaze darkened. "Isn't Grandpa planning to spend some more time with Carrie? Why so soon?"
"After Chairman Salvador came, he went to the study with Old Master Nigel, and they ended up fighting over something."
Matt's tone was laced with worry, "Ms. Carrie naturally heard it. She had always been the most obedient child, so since Chairman Salvador wanted to take her back, she agreed without question. I'm just a secretary, and it's not my place to interfere too much. When you return at night, please pay more attention to Ms. Carrie."
Justin sensed the underlying message in his words and asked solemnly, "Did you hear why Chairman Salvador fought with Grandpa?"
"It seems to be about Ms. Carrie's marriage. Chairman Salvador and Old Master Nigel might have different opinions, which led to the argument. But I'm not sure about the specifics."
Justin abruptly stood up from his leather chair, his handsome face stern and cold. "Got it. Rest assured, I'll protect Carrie."
Carrie returned to Tideview Manor.
Shannon was gone. Carrie heard from the maids that Bethany would be sent abroad. Justin rarely returned, as he preferred to stay with his wife every day.
The large villa was grand but empty. It had become a golden cage that imprisoned her.
Carrie cuddled her teddy, sat on the sofa in the living room, and closed her eyes in exhaustion.
Everything that happened with Ryan was like a warm and happy dream. Now that the dream had ended, she should return to where she belonged.
It was fine being alone...
But why was it that even though she had accepted it, whenever she thought of Ryan's name, his
beautiful eyes, and the burning, passionate kiss on her lips, she still
could not stop the tears fresh net
faffing? 
The sound of chaotic footsteps suddenly disrupted the peace.
Carrie slowly opened her eyes to see Bethany holding her heavy suitcase and struggling to walk down the stairs.
At this moment, Bethany was in sportswear that she would never have worn before. Her hair was disheveled, looking more pathetic than ever.
As the eldest daughter, Bethany spent the longest time with Gregory, Shannon, and Nigel. She had received much more love and affection than Carrie. How the tables had turned.
Now, not only was she exiled from the Salvador family, but she did not even have anyone to help carry her suitcase. It was indeed pitiful.
Carrie had long learned from Bella and Justin about everything Bethany had done to her.
She could not forgive this so-called
sister of hers and did not want
anything more to do with Bethany. So she lowered her head, hugging her teddy as she tried to leave without a word. 
"Stop!"
Bethany suddenly roared, her voice sharp and hoarse, ten times louder than usual.
Carrie's footsteps halted. She raised her head to look into Bethany's twisted face, which was filled with hatred.
But this time, Carrie did not step back timidly. Instead, she had the courage to face this evil woman who had bullied her for too many years.
"Ha... Did you know I am deaf now,
so you don't even bother to greet me?" Bethany was like an exhausted and angry mule just done with her, work, panting heavily. Her eyes were red with resentment. "Idiot,
velkos
dumbass... Bitch! Because of you, Grandpa and Dad don't want me anymore! I am chased out of the Salvador family... Justin also ruined my ears! It's all thanks to you, you fucking bitch! I hate you!" 
###chapter1830
Chapter 1830
Bethany acted like a mad dog in front of Carrie, barking and spewing shit, proving her downfall.
Carrie's clear eyes were stunned.
She just noticed that Bethany had hearing aids on both of her ears, which were covered by her hair earlier.
"Bitch... Since I'm deaf, I won't let you off easily before I leave. I'll make you deaf too!"
Bethany, encouraged by her anger, raised her arm and struck down at Carrie's face with all her might. Unexpectedly, Carrie, who used to let Bethany bully her all the time, swiftly dodged the blow.
Soon after, a crisp slap echoes in the living room. For the first time in her life, Carrie instinctively slapped Bethany back.
Even the passing servants stood still in shock, secretly smiling in satisfaction.
Carrie had finally grown a backbone. From now on, she will be taking charge!
"Ah!" Bethany covered her face and growled.
It was the first time Carrie hit anyone, so it was not painful, but Bethany's pride was shattered.
"Sister? No, you're not my sister." Carrie clenched her fingers and shook her head slightly. "When you set me up, you're not my sister anymore. But I won't resent or hate you. It's not worth it. After this slap, we're even."
"Even? Hahaha... The grudge between us will never be even! Fuck you!"
Bethany's face flushed red with rage as she charged at Carrie, her eyes bulging as she swung her arms.
This time, Carrie could not dodge in time and instinctively shrank back. But a tall and powerful figure suddenly stood in front of her, shoving Bethany away.
Bethany collapsed to the ground, feeling so much pain in her butt that she was unable to get up. "Justin!"
Carrie looked up at Justin's reassuring back, her tensed heart finally relaxing.
Bethany stared at the man's cold face in a panic, scooting backward on the floor.
"A leopard cannot change its spots." Justin looked down at her indifferently, shielding Carrie behind him. "Justin... If you're so tough, go exert dominance with the Hoffman Group! What kind of hero are you, bullying a weak woman like me here?!" Bethany's teeth chattered in fear, but she refused to back down. She just could not swallow the humiliation.
"I don't want to be a hero. I only want to protect my sister," Justin said indifferently, but his gentle gaze landed on Carrie's small face.
Bethany took in this ironic scene, feeling anger and bitterness in her heart.
Although she had never genuinely admitted Justin as her brother, she and Carrie were both birthed by Shannon. Why did this man only recognize that fool but never treat her like a sister, even for a day?
Was it because she never called him "brother"?
"I have frozen all of your credit cards. Once you're abroad, you will receive a monthly allowance of $ 10,000. Don't think of asking Dad for more money. He won't give you any. Even if he does, I'll check your
account every month. As long as there are suspicious transactions, I'll freeze them immediately." Justin's gaze was as cold as ice, ruthlessly crushing Bethany's hope.
Bethany pounded the ground madly. "Justin... You might as well kill me!"
She thought, '$10,000? What was it enough for?! It was not even enough for my hair treatment!'
Justin held Carrie's thin shoulders and turned around, ready to leave. "It's hard to go from an extravagant lifestyle to frugality. You can adjust slowly over there."
"Hahaha... I lost, but you're not doing any better, are you?!"
Bethany's sinister laughter pierced his back, her face twisted in malice. "Carrie, a virgin, has now become a worthless whore because of your best friend. She's not 'pure' anymore, and her reputation in Savrow is ruined. In the end, the Hoffman Group didn't want her because she's an idiot. Her dream of marrying Ryan is shattered! So much effort just to end up with nothing!"
Justin's brows furrowed, his hand gripping Carrie's trembling shoulders tighter.
"She's damaged goods now, and your good brother, Ryan, is no better!" Due to her declining hearing, Bethany screamed at the top of her lungs, attracting all the servants to watch. "He did everything he could to marry Carrie, but it's all useless! Ryan must be going mad now, right? Haha... I want him to know what it feels like to want something he could never have! If I can't have it, neither can he!"
Every word and sentence was like a sharp blade slicing through, causing Carrie's heart to contract in pain.
"The current struggles are only temporary." Justin gritted his teeth. "As long as they still love each other, nobody and nothing could separate them."
"Haha... We'll see about that."
Bethany got to her feet, staggering. "I saw Mayor Solloway and his wife coming to ask Dad for Carrie's hand in marriage with their son, Jason!"
"What did you say?" Justin immediately turned back.
Carrie hugged the teddy in her arms tighter, sweat forming on her forehead as her heart pounded.
"Oh, is there still something even our almighty Mr. Salvador doesn't know?"
Bethany smiled sinisterly. "I said, the Solloway family has their eyes on Carrie. They don't mind that she's an idiot, and they beg Dad to let her marry into their family! As long as Dad agrees and Carrie marries Jason, your best friend will no longer have a chance. Tsk... Carrie, I never realized before, but you're quite charming. I thought only Ryan was foolish enough to like you, but I didn't expect even Jason to fall for you too! What a slut!"
###chapter1831
Chapter 1831
Bethany's unbearable sarcasm drained all the color from Carrie's face, and her frail figure trembled even harder.
She immediately shut her eyes tight, squeezing the teddy so much it changed shape. This was the only way she could force herself not to recall those terrifying memories.
"Even if you can't marry into the Hoffman family, you can still choose to become Mayor Solloway's daughter-in-law. Let me congratulate you in advance."
Bethany tidied her hair in that flirtatious, vulgar manner she inherited from Shannon. "However, I don't have a gift for you."
"If you say another word, I'll make sure your right ear is completely deaf." Justin's eyebrows furrowed with anger, and his dark eyes were burning with rage.
"I can't even speak the truth now? She's about to marry into the Solloway family. It's useless even if you glare at me here!"
The man was like a tiger, approaching Bethany step by step.
"Ah! Help me! Dad! Save me! Justin is about to kill me!" Bethany made a scene, screaming and yelling.
"Enough! What are you fighting about?!"
Gregory stood halfway down the stairs, angrily glaring at the two people confronting each other, his face stern.
"Dad! Justin wants to hit me again... He only knows how to hit women!"
Bethany cried out, "He might as well beat me to death!"
"Enough!"
Gregory frowned deeply, only feeling his head throb from the noise. "Paul, send her to the airport immediately!"
"Yes, Chairman Salvador."
Paul glanced at Bethany coldly. "Please."
Bethany gritted her teeth viciously as she struggled to drag her heavy luggage out of the door.
Gregory still felt a twinge of pity as he ordered, with a stern face, "Help Ms. Bethany with her suitcase."
"Yes." Paul could only follow orders, lifting the suitcase and heading out.
"Thank you, Dad! Goodbye!" Bethany put on a pitiful act and said goodbye to Gregory, secretly harboring a glimmer of hope.
Her father still had a bit of affection for her, so she could still make a comeback!
After Bethany left, Justin suppressed the surging anger in his chest and walked to Gregory with heavy steps.
"Bethany just said that the Solloway family came to propose marriage. Is it true?"
Gregory looked down at him. "Of course."
Justin's brows furrowed. "Mayor Solloway's son wants to marry Carrie? Did you agree?"
"It's a suitable match. The Solloways have considerable influence in the political world, and I've seen his son before. He was fine-looking and had excellent character. Ha, he's much better than Ryan Hoffman."
Gregory's thin lips, like Justin's, curled up sharply, carrying a hint of provocation. "At the very least, Jason does not have a playboy reputation for treating women like clothes. Mayor Solloway and his wife don't mind Carrie's illness, and they are willing to accept her as their daughter-in-law. Why wouldn't I agree to such a good marriage prospect?"
Carrie hid behind Justin timidly, burying her pale face covered with sweat. Her reddened eyes gradually teared up.
When they were in school, Jason did not beat her or curse at her as Zoe did. However, the mental trauma he cast on her was more tormenting than the physical torture.
Carrie could still remember that whenever Zoe's group bullied her, Jason would be standing guard or secretly smirking at her with that weird intention.
One summer, the second year of junior high, the school issued new summer uniforms.
Out of jealousy that Carrie looked better than her, Zoe dragged her into the sports equipment room and poured a bucket of dirty mop water on her.
Zoe only left with satisfaction after ruining Carrie's new uniform.
###chapter1832
Chapter 1832
Carrie curled up in the dusty corner, shivering in the cold despite it being the height of summer.
At this moment, Jason, who had been silent all the time, walked to Carrie. He took off his uniform jacket and draped it around her shoulders as he squatted down.
She was about to thank him when she realized that he was staring straight at her soaked chest.
The young lady was just entering puberty, so her small breasts were faintly visible. Her white bra could be seen through her soaked shirt.
Carrie screamed faintly in panic as she covered her chest with trembling arms.
"Carrie, let me touch it, okay? Just once. Nobody will know about it."
The boy sputtered vile and offensive words with a sincere tone, much like a demon's murmur.
When she recalled it now, Carrie still felt as if she were falling into an icy lake, a chill spreading throughout her body.
"I know why you are so desperate to marry Carrie off."
Justin clenched his fists, his knuckles turning white. "If you're mad, you can come at me. As a parent, you shouldn't sacrifice your daughter's lifelong happiness for a moment of satisfaction!"
"Justin, have you learned how to insult people in a roundabout way from that Thompson girl? You're villainizing my good intentions!" Gregory pointed at Justin's face angrily. "Carrie is my daughter. Why will I harm her? All of my choices are for her own good!"
Just in sneered without hesitation, "You're thinking about your own future. Entering into a marriage alliance with the Solloways would benefit the Salvador family and you."
The air froze, dropping to an icy point.
Gregory's face went from red to white. His son tore away his mask, which only added to his anger.
He roared, "That's still better than the man you found for Carrie!"
Carrie closed her eyes tightly, tears welling up.
"Now, everyone in Savrow knows about Carrie and Ryan. My daughter has already been bullied miserably by them, and she still has to become the talk of the town, being pointed at every time she goes out. This is the good match you arranged for her! This is what your best friend has done!"
Justin's face was cold. He knew Gregory would use this to criticize him harshly.
Ryan and Carrie were deeply in love. Ryan was innocent, but the sins of the Hoffman family could not be erased or debated.
"You sent my daughter, your weakest sister, into that lair full of tigers and lions. She suffered humiliation and schemes before even marrying into their family! Do you think so lowly of your sister? What's wrong with a marriage alliance with the Solloways? She's not at a disadvantage!
"At the very least, the Solloways are powerful and noble, unlike the Hoffmans, who are a family of gangsters! Logan built his empire with the mafia. What decent grandson could he raise? I think Ryan is just following in Logan's footsteps!"
Gregory was so mad that he spoke without a filter, saying whatever came to his mind.
"Dad! Enough... Stop talking about Ryan like that!"
Carrie could not endure it anymore. Tears streamed down her face. "Ryan has always been good to me. He never mistreated me! We've already broken up, and I'm not with him anymore. Don't talk about him like that!"
"Carrie..." Justin felt a pang of pain in his heart, rendering him speechless.
Ryan and Carrie had gone through so much to be together, but now that they were about to find
happiness, everything went back to the starting point.
Why did fate have to toy with these lovers? What did they do wrong?
Seeing his usually obedient daughter talk back to him, Gregory's face went pale.
After hearing that she had broken up with Ryan, his expression eased. He said patiently, "It's good you broke up. Those types of men are unfaithful in their blood. Their affection is all an act. He can't keep it up forever. It's nothing to mull over. You will only find true happiness if you follow my arrangements."
"I will never agree to Carrie marrying that man!" Justin's eyes burned with fury. "He has something going on with Zoe and might be up to no good either. You keep saying the Hoffman family is a lair of beasts, but is the Solloway family a paradise? You're only using Carrie as a tool to gain benefits!"
###chapter1833
"You won't agree?" Gregory tugged at his lips coldly, his disdainful gaze nothing like that of a father looking at his son. "Justin, I'm not dead yet, but you're already thinking of replacing my role? If I didn't give you the chance, could you become the president of the Salvador Corporation? You're getting too full of yourself."
Facing Gregory's mockery, Justin felt more worried for Carrie.
If Carrie's marriage with Jason Solloway was set in stone, Justin found it hard to imagine what kind of crazy things Ryan would do upon finding out.
Perhaps he would choose to go down with the Solloways, or perhaps he would be devastated beyond recovery.
Carrie was not a girl like Bella, who had a heart of stone and the courage to fight back. She was always the family's most obedient child, accepting whatever came her way.
Moreover, she was the one who wanted to break up with Ryan.
"Your brother is only sick, not dead. Don't think that just because you're the president and your grandfather dotes on you, you can rest easy and be arrogant. You even dared to oppose me and defied my decision again and again!" Gregory's tone carried a hint of threat. "A few days ago, I visited Grant in Meridan, and his complexion looked much better."
Justin's brows furrowed, his dark and sharp eyes narrowing slightly.
"Grant told me that when he feels better, he will come home and reunite with us." Gregory raised his chin, his words hidden with malice.
"Your grandfather and I have always valued the eldest most. Grant has merely been away from us for too long, being more or less estranged, so you had the chance to show off in front of your grandfather. When Grant comes home, your grandfather will naturally make it up to him out of guilt. At that time, think about whether the Salvador Corporation would still have a place for you!"
Late at night, lan came to see Justin with information about the Hoffman Group.
Clouds of mist swirled in the study as Justin's calloused fingertips held a cigarette, flipping through the pages while frowning, his gaze deep and dark, laced with unreadable emotions. Seeing that the ashtray was about to be full, lan could not help sighing worriedly. "Mr. Salvador, I know you're in a bad mood, but smoking while feeling depressed might kill your sperm..." The man suddenly raised his eyes, glancing at lan with an icy gaze. "Are you a sex expert now? Or a know-it-all?"
"Ahem... I don't know. Forget I said anything."
lan sighed, "Young Madam hates the smell of smoke, and you know it. I'm afraid she will be mad at you when she smells it on you tonight."
"I'm staying at Tideview Manor for a few days to accompany Carrie. I've told her about it."
Justin recalled the image of his wife putting her hand on her hip, pursing her rosy lips as she pouted at him. His heart started pounding, and his body burned up.
How he wanted to immediately pull Bella into his arms, pin her beneath him, and engage in an intimate session...
"Mr. Salvador, your mood must've
been terrible today. You would never
secretly smoke behind Young Madam's back unless things were really bad." lan asked with concern, "What happened?" 
"lan, this information has no problem. Send it to Ryan later." Justin's voice was indifferent.
"Yes..." Since his boss refused to speak, lan did not press further.
"Also, assign your current workload to others and focus on investigating the Solloway family."
"The Solloway family? Which one?"
Justin's brows furrowed. "Percy Solloway."
lan's eyes widened. "The mayor?"
"Percy Solloway, his wife, and his son, Jason Solloway. I want everything you can get on them."
Just as his voice fell, a soft knock came at the door. "Justin, are you there?"
"It's Carrie."
Justin quickly got up and hurried over to open the door.
Outside, the young lady stood timidly in the dim lights, her fingers intertwining tightly.
"Carrie, it's late at night. Why aren't you asleep yet?" Justin asked gently.
Carrie pursed her lips. "Justin, can I talk to you?"
"Of course. Come in."
Justin invited his sister in, and lan left temporarily to give the siblings some privacy.
"Carrie, don't take what Dad said today seriously. No matter what, I won't let you marry into the Solloway family, and your sister-in-law will not..."
"Justin."
Before he could finish his words,
Carrie lowered her head and
interrupted him softly. "You and Annie have done a lot for me. It's enough. From now on, don't worry about me anymore." 
Justin's heart skipped a beat. "Carrie, what do you mean?"
A lump formed in Carrie's throat, and she blinked hard to hold back her
tears. will listen to Dad's
velinene
arrangements. I'll marry into the Solloway family." 
###chapter1834
"Carrie, what kind of joke is this?!"
Justin, usually calm and steady, lost his cool. He gripped Carrie's shoulders tightly. "Marriage is not a joke. It's about your lifelong happiness! Do you know what kind of person Jason is? Didn't you see him acting intimately with Zoe last time? Aren't you afraid this is another scheme by Zoe?!"
Carrie let him shake her, her tears streaming down her face.
"Do you really not love Ryan anymore? Look at me and tell me... Do you really not love him anymore?" Justin furrowed his brows, questioning persistently.
"Justin, I've grown up. I'm not the child who locks herself in the room every day, hiding from people, only having dolls and drawing paper as accompaniment."
Carrie's voice was gentle, but her attitude was determined. "I know what I'm doing, and I know what I want..."
Justin's voice trembled. "Marrying Jason is what you want?"
"Since I can't be with Ryan, it doesn't matter who I marry."
"Who said that you couldn't be with him? Ryan loves you deeply. He could give up everything for you! As long as you stay by his side..."
"Justin, I'm tired."
Carrie lowered her eyes wearily and shook her head. "If Ryan lost his family because of me and even abandoned his position as the heir of Hoffman Group, I will feel guilty all my life. Even if I'm with him, I won't be happy.
"If I marry into the Hoffman family, I might not have a peaceful day. I'm scared... I'm more afraid of troubling Ryan and causing Yasmin to get hurt. Breaking up is the best for both of us." Justin loosened his hand gradually, the bitterness burning his throat, rendering him speechless.
That day, after Yasmin returned the hairpin to Ryan, he fell seriously ill, overwhelmed by grief and anxiety. He even vomited blood on the spot.
After checking up at the hospital, he was diagnosed with severe gastric disease due to his irregular schedule and frequent social drinking.
In the past, it was merely stomach pain, which happened when he was the busiest, so Ryan always endured it with pills.
But now, his condition has worsened, so he had to be hospitalized.
Nobody knew about this except Yasmin and Dean.
Ryan had officially assumed the position of Hoffman Group's CEO, but he failed to appear on time for the first executive meeting.
In the conference room, Logan sat at the head of the table, looking at the empty seat beside him with displeasure.
"Our new CEO is not showing up for the first meeting? How arrogant..."
"What do you expect? The Prince of Savrow isn't just a nickname. Now that he has successfully seized power, he might not take the Chairman seriously anymore."
"It's too early to celebrate. Liam merely lost the battle. He's not dead. If Ryan kept this act up, it might piss Chairman Logan off, and the CEO's position might become Liam's again." Listening to the criticisms directed at Ryan, Liam's lips could not help curling into a grin.
Under the table, he texted Zoe.
[Liam: My dear niece, I really have to thank you properly for this.]
[Zoe: Uncle Liam, you're too kind.]
[Liam: It's a pity we couldn't drag that brat down from the CEO's position. The old geezer still prefers him. What a pity...]
[Zoe: Uncle Liam, you can't be too
hasty. You lost to Ryan because you were always impatient and eager. I heard that, it's over between Ryan and Carrie. Ryan was hospitalized, though I don't know exactly what's wrong. The Salvador family has announced that they will never let Carrie marry into our family.] 
[Zoe: Not only that, the Solloways have brought their son to meet Gregory to propose a marriage alliance, and the two families got along well. Once Carrie's and Jason Solloway's marriage is decided, Ryan will be devastated by the blow, unable to handle anything else. At that time, you will get the chance to strike back.] 
Liam's eyes lit up. He was about to reply, but a sudden, loud bang made his heart tremble in fright.
It was not just him. Everyone in the conference room jumped.
Ryan's broad shoulders were draped in a black mink-lined coat. His hands were in the pockets of his dark-patterned suit, and his arrogant and noble demeanor left everyone breathless. He kicked the door open with an indifferent but wild expression, his imposing and dominant presence making Liam seem like a worthless insect he could crush with a finger. "Sorry, I overslept." Ryan yawned.
Besides his slightly pale face, Ryan seemed spirited and energetic. Liam could not help but feel disappointed. He sneered, "Ha... Our new CEO certainly likes to be fashionably late." Logan's lips pursed. Although the Hoffman Group did not enforce strict rules, Ryan was too improper!
"Let's adjourn the meeting first. Grandpa, Liam, stay. The others can leave."
Ryan glanced at everyone coldly, his resentful gaze shooting straight at Liam's flushed face, full of anger.
"Ryan, you're being too disrespectful. How can you call your uncle's name like that?" Logan glared, slamming the table.
Ryan smiled mockingly. "Then what should I call him? Bastard?"
Liam nearly choked from anger.
"Ryan Hoffman!" Logan slammed the table again.
"If you don't dismiss the others, can you take what I'm about to do next?"
Ryan's arms were tense as he leaned on the table. "If you insist on protecting that bastard's reputation, I'll make sure everyone here will know of his embarrassing deeds." The spacious meeting room was filled with silence.
Everyone wanted to gossip, but none of them dared to stay.
Logan finally could not withstand the pressure from his grandson, and he knew Ryan's temper too well. That man could light the Hoffman Group on fire in a fit of rage. So, he could only dismiss the high-ranking executives. 
Soon, only the three Hoffmans were left in the conference room.
"Ryan, what are you trying to do by making a scene?" Logan huffed.
Ryan pulled out a chair and sat down casually, tapping the table with his fingertips. His eyes hid a malicious glint.
"I want Liam to get out of the Hoffman Group."
###chapter1835
Ryan's words were like a nuclear bomb that exploded in the conference room.
Liam's face flushed red. He slammed the table, roaring, "Ryan Hoffman! You want me to leave the Hoffman Group?! Are you still fucking asleep?! When I built this empire with your grandfather, you're still playing with mud!"
Without outsiders present, coupled with the old and new grudges, the uncle and nephew had completely dropped their harmonious facade.
"Ryan, don't go too far!"
Logan clearly felt that Ryan had gone mad, scolding sternly, "I know what you're thinking. You just want to avenge that girl from the Salvador family! But don't forget that you're still a Hoffman and the CEO of Hoffman Group! The Hoffman Group also has your father's efforts in it. Will you be able to live up to your late father's efforts if you make a mess of things here?!
"Besides, your uncle didn't do anything wrong! That girl has a mental illness. If you marry her, can you take care of a mentally ill person forever? You don't have the patience to do it! It's better to cut things off now than regret it later."
"Grandpa, I only have one question." Unexpectedly, Ryan acted as if he did not hear anything. He said, "I want Liam to get the fuck out of the Hoffman Group. Will you agree to it?"
"You want a board member to step down because of a word from you? Nonsense! Do you think the Hoffman Group is like those bars and clubs you opened? Do you think you can do whatever you want?" Logan growled.
"Okay."
Ryan's tall figure leaned back, and he raised his voice. "Dean, come in!"
Dean appeared by Ryan's side like a shadow. "Mr. Hoffman."
"Grandpa, your birthday is in a few months, right? Although it's not your 80th birthday, I still prepared a grand gift for you."
Ryan took an envelope from Dean's hand and casually tossed it in front of Logan.
Logan's gray brows furrowed tightly. He picked up the envelope slowly and pulled out the contents inside. It was a stack of photos. Every one of them was a scandalous photo of Logan with his arms around sexy models on a luxurious yacht.
If any of these photos were leaked, he would be publicly shamed.
Liam craned his neck and tried to peek, but Logan roared at him, "Fuck off!"
Then Logan glared at Ryan, face twitching. "You... What do you want to do?!" "Grandpa, you're amazing. At your age, you're still as energetic as ever."
Ryan pulled a cigarette from his pocket and placed it between his thin lips. Dean immediately lit it for him. "But too much lust is harmful at your age. You ought to take good care of your health." 
Logan immediately guessed what it was about. His heart skipped a beat.
That "yacht meeting" had tight security measures, and all bodyguards were armed.
Logan did not expect Ryan to be able to get these photos. What was the extent of this young man's capabilities?
"If you don't agree to my request, I have no choice but to scatter these photos on the streets of Savrow, so that everyone can take a look at
grandfather's twilight years." Ry
narrowed his eyes and took a drag of his cigarette. 
Logan trembled with rage. "You...!"
"And it's not just these. I know more about you than you think."
Ryan lazily puffed out a ring of smoke, his eyes half-shut. "Every one of those little secrets will be enough to ensure you enjoy the rest of your life in prison."
"Ryan! Are you fucking crazy?! Your
grandfather raised you! Are you going to stab him in the back for a woman? You're such an ungrateful brat, worse than an animal!" Liam's face paled, unable to believe that Ryan could be so cold-hearted.
"Carrie is not just any woman. She is my wife... The only woman I will take as my wife."
Ryan's eyes welled up with warm tears, but he forcibly held it in. "Now, I am only fulfilling my duty as a husband. No matter who bullies Carrie, they must pay the price."
Even if Carrie no longer wanted him, Ryan would still love her forever.
Even if they could not be together anymore, she would always be his wife in his heart.
Logan clutched his chest, struggling to catch his breath under the threat.
His grandson had completely gone mad for a woman...
Just for a woman, Ryan wanted to overturn the entire Hoffman Group.
###chapter1836
"Grandpa, you're the best at weighing pros and cons. I've laid out everything here. You should consider carefully before making a choice."
As he finished his sentence, Ryan slowly stood up and put out his cigarette directly on the conference table.
"Wait!" Logan suddenly called out to stop Ryan, his voice trembling as he spoke. "Okay... I agree to your terms!"
"Dad! I've contributed so much to the Hoffman Group. How can you do this to me just to get yourself out of trouble?!" Liam's eyes nearly popped out of their sockets in his agitation. "Enough! Stop flattering yourself!"
Logan shouted angrily, "Both you and I know who truly contributed to the Hoffman Group. It was Finn, Ryan's father and your elder brother! Even without all this, I would've eventually kicked you out of the Hoffman Group! Do you think I'm unaware of your shady dealings behind the scenes? I just turned a blind eye to them because I couldn't be bothered to deal with you!
"Today, I'll take this opportunity to rid myself of you. You don't have to come to the office from tomorrow onward. You can stop attending the board meetings and shareholder meetings too. Everything to do with the Hoffman Group is now irrelevant to you."
The old man certainly knew how to find a way out for himself.
"You're abandoning me after you've achieved your goals!" Liam stomped his foot in frustration. He looked like a foolish child throwing a tantrum in front of his father, despite his age.
It seemed he was truly desperate.
Logan roared, "Get out! Get out of here right now!"
Knowing that continuing to cause a scene would be pointless, Liam could only glare fiercely at Ryan's expressionless face before storming out like a defeated dog.
"When will you issue the notice of Liam's dismissal?" Ryan asked indifferently.
"Within this week..."
Upon hearing this, Ryan's eyes narrowed dangerously.
Logan immediately corrected himself, "I'll do it tomorrow morning!"
"Good. I'll await your good news."
Ryan turned and walked away, with Dean following close behind.
"Ryan, I've watched you grow up. In the entire Hoffman family, no one knows you better than I do, not even your mother!"
Logan's hoarse voice came from
behind. "You're not suitable for that
girl from the Salvador family. In terms of family background or personality, you two are simply not compatible! That girl is too meek and timid. She can't manage the Hoffman family, let alone control
you. Without a strong wife tool
keep
you in check and help you manage the Hoffman Group, you'll have it tough in the future. Eventually, reality will wear your so-called love away!" 
Ryan paused but did not turn around. "I'll only love who I choose, and I'll choose who to love. As for your concerns, they're unnecessary. My shoulders are strong enough to bear everything. All Carrie needs to do is hold my hand. That'll be enough." 
Meanwhile, at the KS Group's headquarters, Bella sat in her office, having spent the entire afternoon reviewing documents.
After finishing the last one, she let out a sigh and stretched lazily, easing her muscles.
Just then, her phone rang. It was Axel calling.
"Ax, I thought you forgot about your little sister now that you're dating Roza. What made you think of calling me now?" Bella asked lazily, sprawled out on the sofa. "Bella, I need to ask you something." Axel paused before continuing in a low voice, "Did Carrie and Ryan break up?"
Bella's eyes widened slightly. "Why are you asking that out of the blue? How did you know?"
"They really broke up?!" Astonished, Axel sighed. "It seems that the incident hit them hard."
"Ax, stop beating around the bush. Just say what you want to say."
"This morning, attended the wedding of the Chief Prosecutor's youngest son. It was quite an event. Even Mayor Solloway and his wife were there. That was when I heard Mayor Solloway mention that his son is getting engaged to Carrie Salvador." 
"What?!"
Bella shot up from the sofa like a fish leaping out of water, her eyes wide open. "Who?! Who's getting engaged to Carrie? Mayor Solloway's son?" Just then, there was a knock on the door. With a grim expression, Steven quickly made his way inside.
"Ms. Bella, there's something I need to report to you."
###chapter1837
Chapter 1837
Bella felt a tightness in her chest. She gestured to Steven and continued questioning Axel.
"Is this true? Are you sure?!"
"Mayor Solloway has always been very cautious. He wouldn't say something like that without being absolutely certain, which is why his political career has been so smooth over the years."
Axel's tone grew serious. "So, I believe it's true. Bella, is this an arranged marriage for Carrie? Will she agree to marry someone she doesn't love? Will she be happy after that?"
In fact, Carrie would never agree to it.
There must be some undisclosed reason behind this!
"I know that Grandpa Nigel and Chairman Salvador are dissatisfied with Ryan and detest the entire Hoffman family, but Carrie absolutely cannot marry Jason Solloway!"
"Bella, do you know Mayor Solloway's son?"
Bella clenched her delicate fist tightly. "That guy clearly looks like a deceitful scoundrel!"
Upon hearing that, Axel and Steven were speechless.
"Ax, thanks for telling me this important information. When you get home, I'll make your favorite dish for dinner!"
After hanging up the phone, Bella took a deep breath to calm herself and turned to look at Steven.
"Steve, what's going on?"
"Ms. Bella, you asked me to keep an eye on Bethany previously. Our men tracked her to Zenith's airport. However, she was immediately taken away and is now in Meridan."
A sharp glint flashed in Steven's eyes. "Zenith is a remote and chaotic country. In contrast to that, Meridan is developed and glamorous. Someone must have moved her to Meridan to spare her the hardship."
"It could only be Gregory. Not just because he couldn't bear to see Bethany suffer, but also to spite Justin." Bella could not focus. Her thoughts were constantly returning to Carrie's dire situation.
"Ms. Bella, don't forget. There's someone else in Meridan," Steven reminded her gravely.
Bella's eyes glimmered with a hint of coldness. "You mean, Grant?"
"He has never shown himself. We don't know his exact position in the Salvador family. We also don't know his character or relationship with the other family members. I'm worried that he'll treat Bethany well in Meridan, which would render Mr. Salvador's efforts useless," Steven said with concern.
Bella pursed her red lips slightly. "I don't think that's going to happen. Grant hasn't interacted with the Salvador family for many years. He only recently started communicating with Justin and has had no contact with his half-sister, Bethany. If he wanted to help Bethany, he would've done so openly. There's no need to act in such a secretive manner."
Steven nodded thoughtfully.
"Besides, I'm not concerned about Grant aiding Bethany. Right now, I'm more interested in her physical condition," Bella said with a hint of cold amusement curling her lips.
"Don't worry, Miss. Our men have followed her to Meridan and will continue to monitor Bethany closely."
Bella's gaze grew uneasy again. She glanced at her watch.
"Steve, get the car ready."
"Where are we going?"
Thinking of Justin, Bella felt a warmth soothe her troubled heart. Her eyes misted over.
"We're going to pick up my husband from work."
As the night fell, the city lights began to shine.
###chapter1838
Chapter 1838
After the meeting, Gregory and Justin walked toward the entrance of the Salvador Corporation building, flanked by their secretaries and bodyguards.
Though related by blood, the father-son duo were more distant than strangers. They did not exchange a single word the entire time.
As they stepped outside, Gregory finally spoke in a commanding tone. "Join me on the private jet to South City. I have a golf appointment with Chairman Sinclair tomorrow morning and a business banquet in the afternoon. These events are crucial for our future projects in South City."
As Justin was about to speak, a sharp, clear honk interrupted him.
A majestic Rolls-Royce Spirit of Ecstasy stopped right in front of them.
Justin's eyes curved into a smile, his heart pounding.
Just then, the luxury car door swung open in front of Gregory. He could not see the person inside, but he heard a sweet and pleasant voice.
"Chairman Salvador, you wouldn't mind if I picked up Justin from work, right?"
As soon as Gregory recognized Bella's voice, his breath hitched.
Before he could respond, Justin had already eagerly slipped into the car without a word of farewell.
Once inside, he intertwined his fingers with the woman he had been longing for and kissed her soft hand.
His lips were gently caressing and nuzzling his beloved.
Gregory's face darkened with anger as he silently cursed, 'How shameless and disrespectful!'
"Sorry, Chairman Salvador." Justin wrapped his arm around Bella's slender waist and said calmly, "I'm afraid I won't be joining you in South City to play golf with Chairman Sinclair."
"Justin, don't forget about your position and responsibilities!"
Gregory's face turned icy with anger, his teeth gritting. "Our project in South City is crucial for the Salvador Corporation's future development in the southern coastal cities! You can date anytime, but this project is of paramount importance. How can you prioritize romance over the company's interests? You're becoming increasingly unfit for your role as CEO!"
"I've spent nearly five years propelling the Salvador Corporation to the top in Savrow, earning the title of the richest man in town. I did this so we could negotiate business deals confidently, not to waste time playing golf or attending boring banquets."
Justin gazed deeply into Bella's eyes and kissed her forehead tenderly. Then he spoke with a soft voice." I'd rather spend my time at home with my wife than waste it on such trivialities."
Gregory clenched his fists in fury. He felt a surge of anger rising in his throat.
Bella leaned gracefully from the car, glancing at Gregory. "Chairman Salvador, if you're going there to discuss the Night City commercial complex project with Chairman Sinclair of the Sinway Group, you don't need to make this trip."
Gregory frowned. "What do you mean?"
"Just three days ago, Chairman Sinclair agreed to co-develop the project with KS Group." Bella smiled radiantly. "There, I've saved you the cost of a private jet trip."
"What... How is that possible?!" Gregory was stunned.
Justin's expression remained calm. "Chairman Sinclair has a close personal relationship with Chairman Thompson. Besides, the Sinclair Group and KS Group have collaborated multiple times before. I was well aware of this from the beginning. It's just that you never believed me."
With those words, the car door closed. The Rolls-Royce sped away, leaving Gregory standing in a cloud of dust, stunned, and breathing in the exhaust fumes.
###chapter1839
Chapter 1839
After a short drive, Bella's expression suddenly changed. She clenched her delicate hands, which bore marks of Justin's kisses, into fists and began pounding on his chest.
"Bella, take it easy, or your hands will hurt." Justin's voice trembled from her blows.
Driving, Steven stole a glance in the rearview mirror, unable to suppress a smile.
"Justin, I have a question for you." Bella poked his firm chest with her finger, anger radiating from her. "
Did you know about Carrie's engagement to Mayor Solloway's son?"
Justin's dark eyes narrowed, and he grabbed her hand. "Bella, how did you find out about that?"
"How did I find out?! The whole city of Savrow probably knows by now!"
Bella recounted everything Axel had told her.
"Damn it!"
Justin slammed a fist into the car window in a rage. "The Solloways are spreading this news to force Gregory to finalize the engagement plans with their family as quickly as possible!"
"They can forget about it. In this day and age, you can't just force someone into marriage!" Bella bit her lip. "As long as Carrie doesn't want it, it doesn't matter. Don't they dare even think about touching her!" "But Carrie agreed to it."
"What?! Why?!" Bella and Steven exclaimed in unison.
"She said being with Ryan was too exhausting,"
"That's a lie!" Bella said.
"She said being with Ryan would only bring trouble to him and Yasmin. She didn't want to be a burden to the people she loves."
"She could just leave Ryan then. Why marry Jason Solloway?"
Bella's dark almond eyes showed suspicion. "Did Chairman Salvador pressure her or say something to her?"
Justin thought for a moment and spoke with a hoarse voice. "Gregory and I argued about the engagement with the Solloways in front of Carrie the other day. It must've scared her."
Bang-!
Bella slammed her fist into the car window. Fortunately, the luxury car was sturdy, or it would not have withstood the couple's abuse.
"Carrie... She's sacrificing herself to protect you!"
Bella's eyes reddened, and her heart ached. "Carrie was worried that Chairman Salvador would hold a grudge against you. She feared he'd retaliate and strip away everything you've worked hard for! She doesn't know any other way to protect you... She could only sacrifice her own happiness to protect the dearest brother she cares most about!"
"Carrie... That silly girl."
Justin shook his head, pain tearing at his heart. "We can't let her marry Jason Solloway. Absolutely not!" Furious, Bella gritted her teeth. "Damn it... I'd rather Carrie be Ralph's wife than let her marry that jerk!
That way, at least we get to keep her in the family,"
Justin pursed his thin lips. "Bella, do you think Ryan and Carrie still have a chance to be together?"
"I don't know. Matters of the heart are always the most unpredictable and hardest to grasp."
Bella sighed softly as she nestled in Justin's arms. "The path for Carrie and Ryan may not be as smooth as ours once was. Let's deal with the current mess first."
The day after Logan dealt with Ryan, the Hoffman Group swiftly sent Liam's dismissal announcement to everyone's inboxes.
The Hoffman Group had stripped Liam of all his duties and removed him from the board of directors. From that moment on, Liam was nothing but a socially idle person.
Aside from the annual dividends from his shares, he had nothing more to do with the Hoffman Group.
That evening, feeling deeply frustrated, Liam called up some friends and headed to the notorious den of indulgence in Savrow, Pivotage, to drown his sorrows.
After downing several bottles of liquor, he started ranting angrily about Logan in the private room.
He called Logan a self-righteous, cunning old fox who would betray anyone for his own benefit.
His friends could only offer kind words, advising him to stay resilient. They also reminded him that he still had hope as long as he was still alive.
As long as Liam held shares, he was still a major shareholder in the Hoffman Group. To him, reclaiming his position and taking down that wretched Ryan was just a matter of time.
"I heard... Burp... There's a girl named Yvonne here at Pivotage. She's said to be quite a stunner. Bring her out to drink with me!" Reeking of alcohol, Liam demanded that the manager bring Yvonne out.
"I'm sorry, Mr. Hoffman."
The manager smiled politely and replied, "Ms. Smith only entertains esteemed guests. I'm afraid you won't be able to meet her."
Liam's eyes widened in anger. "What kind of nonsense is that?! If I'm not considered an esteemed guest, who is?!"
"Weren't you just dismissed from your post today?"
"You..!" Liam was infuriated. How did Pivotage get news so quickly?!
"The last person who made a scene here didn't end up well. While we cover medical expenses, broken bones are a minor issue compared to the humiliation. Don't you agree?"
"Who was it?!"
"James Iverson."
That response rendered Liam speechless.
Damn it. The saying was true that a dethroned king would be mocked by commoners.
Meanwhile, in the surveillance room, Yvonne watched the situation in Liam's private room closely.
Just then, one of her subordinates rushed in.
"Ms. Smith, another guest has arrived. The car has entered the underground parking lot."
Yvonne asked nonchalantly, "Who is it?" "The Hoffman Group's CEO, Ryan Hoffman."
###chapter1840
Yvonne's eyes flickered with a hint of surprise.
"We don't accept guests without a reservation at Pivotage."
"But his secretary just called and told us to accommodate Mr. Hoffman."
The subordinate then whispered, "Our boss also instructed you to keep an eye on Mr. Hoffman's actions tonight and retain any video evidence if anything unusual happens."
Having followed Christopher for many years, Yvonne instantly grasped his intentions. She responded coolly, "Alright."
After the subordinate left, she redirected her complex gaze to the screen.
Just then, another convoy of luxury cars followed Ryan's vehicle, driving aggressively into the underground parking lot.
However, those cars remained silently parked in the shadows. Their occupants made no further moves.
Yet it gave Yvonne a foreboding sense of imminent chaos.
Meanwhile, a heavily intoxicated Liam, supported by bodyguards, stumbled into the parking lot.
His legs wobbled, and he could barely walk straight. Despite his slurred speech, he continued to hurl insults at the Hoffman family, seemingly oblivious that he was also part of the same bloodline.
Just as Liam reached the middle of the parking lot, a blinding headlight beam hit him, causing him to instinctively raise his hand and shield his eyes.
Right after that, the noise of a roaring engine filled the empty space.
"M-Mr. Hoffman! Watch out!"
Already muddled from drinking, Liam took a moment to realize that a speeding, all-black Bentley was barreling toward him without any intention of slowing down.
It looked as if it would run him over.
None of his entourage stepped in to shield him in that critical moment. Instead, they scattered in all directions, clutching their heads in panic.
"Argh! S-Stop! Don't come any closer... Argh!"
A piercing scream shattered the cold air.
The driver in the Bentley slammed on its brakes just half a meter from Liam, its front end crashing into his bloated belly.
Though it did not send Liam flying, it threw him several meters back, and he landed heavily on the ground.
"Urghhh-!"
After a wave of intense pain, Liam vomited up all the delicacies he had eaten that evening, leaving him covered in foul-smelling filth. Despite his entire body feeling like it might fall apart, he crawled and struggled to stand, retreating while still vomiting.
"What are you standing there for?! Get the hell over here!"
Before he could finish his sentence, more than a dozen black-clad thugs wielding machetes emerged from the shadows, surrounding him.
A stunningly beautiful yet fiercely determined face led them into the light. It was Yasmin!
At that moment, Liam realized what was going on. He fumbled for his phone and shouted frantically, "What are you waiting for?! Get them all!' Seeing no way out, his subordinates charged forward into the night.
Under the cover of darkness, the air was filled with cries of agony and the sound of bones breaking, echoing relentlessly in the vast parking lot, eerie as if it were the
gates of hell. 
As the fight settled, Liam lay beaten in a pool of blood, his expensive suit shredded into pieces by the machetes.
He knelt like a dog on the ground,
while Yasmin lifted her slender leg
and viciously pressed it into his back forcing him to crawl in pain and beg for mercy. 
That was when Dean respectfully opened the car door.
Ryan stepped out gracefully. His tall
and imposing figure moved with intimidating authority through the
bloodbath. He stood in front of Liam,
exuding a chilling air.
"Uncle Liam." Ryan's cold gaze was sharp, and his voice was low and ominous.
Liam shuddered uncontrollably, feeling a chill run down his spine.
He used to resent how this youngster never respected him as an elder.
But now, hearing him address him as "Uncle", Liam felt a deep sense of dread.
"R-Ryan... We're family... You've grown up under my care, my dear nephew!"
Liam could not muster any arrogance now. He pleaded desperately, "W-We can talk. We can discuss anything!"
###chapter1841
"Fine. Let's talk then." Ryan's eyes were dark and devoid of any warmth as he casually spoke. "Dean, bring it out."
"Yes, Mr. Hoffman."
Dean retrieved the share transfer agreement from his briefcase and squatted down to present it to Liam. "Mr. Hoffman, please sign and stamp here."
Liam stared at the document with red eyes, unable to hide his frustration any longer. He pounded the ground and yelled, "Ryan... You're taking advantage of my misfortune! This is daylight robbery!" "I am indeed robbing you. So what?"
Ryan smirked, his narrow phoenix-like eyes devoid of any amusement, creating a chilling sense of detachment. "Compared to what you did to my wife, this is not even a fraction of repayment. But I'll try harder. After all, the young always overthrow the old."
Liam's face contorted with rage, his mouth twitching uncontrollably.
How could he possibly sign this agreement?
If Liam signed it, the Hoffman Group would completely oust him. He would not have a chance to make a comeback. This was worse than death to him!
"Ryan... You're not just a gangster's heir now. You're the CEO of the Hoffman Group! You're breaking the law, and you don't deserve to be the CEO..." A flash of cold light cut his words short.
Suddenly, Ryan snatched a machete from Yasmin's hand, swiftly raising it and bringing it down, cleanly severing Liam's right arm.
"Arghh!" Liam let out a heart-wrenching scream.
Yasmin, Dean, and Ryan's men looked on calmly.
At this moment, the Ryan they knew-who spoke little but meant what he said-was back.
His relationship with Carrie had transformed him into a man of emotion and duty, but Liam singlehandedly and successfully turned Ryan back into a demon.
Ryan used the severed limb to press Liam's thumbprint onto the document as Liam lay in his blood on the ground. He then disdainfully tossed the severed arm aside.
"Thumbprint, done. I'll forge your signature. Thank you for your generosity, Uncle Liam. From now on, I'm the second-largest shareholder of the Hoffman Group, just below Logan. You can keep your other hand to wipe your ass."
With that, Ryan returned to his car gracefully and elegantly. Yasmin and his underlings swiftly withdrew, like they were never there.
They left Liam behind in agony and barely alive. He lay there clutching his severed arm tightly.
"Ryan... You'd better watch out! The suffering I've endured today... I'll return it to you in a hundredfold, a thousandfold!"
Afterward, someone took Liam away from the Pivotage parking lot, leaving it in complete disarray.
Soon, two people carrying mops and buckets arrived and swiftly cleaned up the crime scene as if nothing had ever happened.
In the surveillance room, Yvonne watched the edited footage from the surveillance cameras, her fingertips stiff and trembling.
In this version, Ryan had never been there.
Suddenly, there was a rhythmic knock on the door.
Yvonne hurriedly closed her computer, walked over, and opened the door.
"Ms. Smith, we've cleaned the scene as you instructed." Standing outside was a handsome bodyguard, showing her utmost respect.
After glancing around cautiously, Yasmin quickly pulled him into the room and locked the door.
"Thanks. You've worked hard. I know
this carries great risk. But rest assured.
I'll take the blame. You'll come out of this unscathed." én.swnovels.net
something goes wool new
The bodyguard furrowed his brows tightly. "Don't say that! If it weren't for you two years ago, Mr. Iverson would've beaten me to death long ago. I owe you a debt of gratitude that can never repay. I'll doo anything for you!" 
Yvonne was deeply moved, yet she only smiled gently. "Then I must thank you, too. True loyalty is hard to come by in Pivotage."
The bodyguard blushed, concern etched on his face. "But Ms. Smith, why are you risking so much to help Ryan Hoffman? Is it even worth it?"
"Is it worth it... I'm not sure about that either. I'm just following my guts," Yvonne's eyes clouded with uncertainty.
The bodyguard asked cautiously, "Do you have feelings for Mr. Hoffman?"
"Haha, where did you get that idea?"
Yvonne chuckled lightly, her cheeks
blushing slightly. She casually
glanced at the neatly hung black windbreaker on the coat rack. "Maybe it's because I've lived in the darkness for too long. The longer you're kept from the light, the more you yearn for it." 
###chapter1842
On the way back, Dean drove, while Yasmin sat in the passenger seat. Ryan was sitting in the back.
"Mr. Hoffman, we must be on guard from now on."
Yasmin spoke cautiously, "Christopher is the owner of Pivotage. With the commotion we caused tonight, he'll definitely hear about it. I'm worried he might use tonight's incident to come after you." "It doesn't matter. He's nothing but a pale, beardless coward."
Ryan's voice remained sharp and arrogant, but it was hoarse, burning with intensity. "I got what I wanted. Liam had someone injure your leg, so I cut off his arm. We're even now. As for the rest, who cares?" "Thank you for avenging me, Mr. Hoffman." Tears filled Yasmin's eyes, and her voice choked with emotion. "But I hope this is the last time you're doing something like this. From now on, I can avenge myself. I don't want you getting into any more trouble because of me."
Ryan pressed his pale lips into a thin line, remaining silent.
"Mr. Hoffman, are you heading home now?" Dean asked, glancing at the resting Ryan through the rearview mirror.
"Home... Pfft, do I even have a home now?"
Ryan coughed heavily, as if swallowing the bitterest gall in the world, making it almost unbearable to speak. "From the moment Carrie left me, I have had no home. I dare not even return to Willow Creek Villa anymore."
These days, he had nowhere to go and had been staying in the presidential suite of a hotel.
With his wealth, buying ten more villas would not be a problem. However, he dared not live alone in those empty houses.
Every place resembling his home would stir up a deep-seated longing for Carrie. Every corner reminded him of the happy times they once shared.
The longing was more agonizing than physical torture. He could barely endure it any longer.
"Yasmin, give me a cigarette," Ryan said with his hoarse and broken voice.
Yasmin tried to suppress her heartache and earnestly advised, "No, Mr. Hoffman. You've been smoking too much these days. The doctor said smoking and drinking are harmful for your health. You bear a heavy responsibility, so you mustn't collapse. Please don't harm your body anymore!"
Before Yasmin could finish speaking, Dean suddenly slammed on the brakes, jolting the car.
"What's going on?" Ryan's phoenix-like eyes widened slightly.
Dean's forehead beaded with sweat as he frantically honked the horn. "M-Mr. Hoffman, we're in a standoff with another car ahead. They're refusing to give way."
Yasmin noticed that although the car was not as luxurious as Ryan's, it had a distinctive black-and-white license plate.
In Savrow, only privileged individuals or high-ranking government officials drove such vehicles.
Yasmin reluctantly said to Dean, "Let's reverse and make way for them."
"Just drive forward," Ryan ordered coolly.
Yasmin hesitated. "But Mr. Hoffman, that car..."
"He was driving the wrong way. He should've made way for us. If he doesn't understand the rules, why show him any courtesy? Crash into him."
Dean did not dare to disobey Ryan's orders. He shifted gears and stepped on the gas pedal.
With a resounding crash, the hood of the opposing car flew up.
The other driver stormed over, ready to argue with them. Dean was equally prepared to teach him a lesson. "Are you blind? Did you not see the license plate before daring to bump into us? You've got some nerve!"
The driver barked, emboldened by his backer. "Can you take responsibility if the person inside gets hurt?"
In the glare of the headlights, Yasmin saw the man sitting in the back seat. Upon realization, she was stunned. "Mr. Hoffman, that's Mayor Solloway's son, Jason Solloway!"
Ryan's long, narrow eyes widened. His gaze was like sharp arrows piercing through the car with a bone-piercing chill. He opened the door and got out, with Yasmin quickly following behind him.
Across the car, Jason also recognized Ryan. Accompanied by his bodyguards, Jason leisurely stepped out of his car.
The two men faced off, one with eyes as cold as a brewing storm and the other with a mocking smile.
Compared to the feigned politeness at the recent Iverson family banquet, this was pure disdain and ridicule.
Jason said, "Mr. Hoffman, you might need to replace your driver. His driving skills are horrible."
Yasmin clenched her fists in anger.
Despite being the son of the mayor, Jason acted with the arrogance of a petty man.
"Are you blind? Can't you see the lines on the road?" Ryan did not bother with subtlety, immediately snapping back at Jason. Upon hearing Ryan's words, Jason frowned.
"Even a good dog knows not to
block the way. The people you keep
are worse than dogs." Ryan's
smile
ovel.ne
was cold and dangerous, like a handsome devil in the night.
"Perhaps your dogs are just
reflecting what kind of person you afe." 
"You...!"
Jason was furious. He wanted to punch Ryan, but he feared he would not win the fight.
Taking a deep breath, Jason suddenly curled his lips into a sinister smile that seemed out of place with his status. "Hehe... Mr. Hoffman, I won't take your anger to heart. After all, a gentleman doesn't hold grudges against petty people."
"Who are you calling petty?" Yasmin stepped forward, eyes glaring at Jason.
The Solloways' bodyguards immediately moved to protect their boss.
Jason continued smiling, "I won't get mad at you. But as a fellow man, I understand that a breakup can be quite painful, especially when you watch the woman you love
have to w
marry someone else. That feeling
must be worse than being skinned
alive, huh?" 
Ryan felt his heart sink, and he gritted his teeth. "Who is getting married?"
"Haha... Did you not hear about it yet, Mr. Hoffman? Since we've run into each other today, I'll save you the trouble of receiving an invitation."
Jason stepped closer, leaning into
Ryan's ear. His lips curled into a chilling smile as he said, "I'm getting engaged to Carrie Salvador. She'll be mine soon." 
###chapter1843
"What did you just say... Say that again!" Ryan's breathing became erratic, his bloodshot eyes blazing with a fire capable of scorching heaven and earth.
The man was enraged at this moment, teetering on the brink of collapse. It was a sight that brought immense satisfaction to Jason.
Hence, Jason lifted his chin triumphantly and laughed wildly. "Mr. Hoffman, I should thank you the most for my outcome with Carrie today. If your family had not mistreated Carrie, tortured her to the brink, and resorted to such despicable acts as provoking the sick, wouldn't you and Carrie have gotten married long ago? Could I have had this wonderful fate?"
Earlier, Jason had whispered the news to Ryan. Therefore, Yasmin and Dean had not heard Jason's words.
But now, the two of them felt like lightning had struck them. An overwhelming wave of pain swept through their bodies.
"You're lying!"
Thud!
Ryan grabbed Jason by the collar, almost lifting the latter off the ground. Then, he slammed Jason against the car door.
The entire motion was as fast as lightning, catching even the Solloways' bodyguards off guard.
When the bodyguards attempted to intervene, Yasmin and Dean blocked them from getting close to Ryan.
Jason groaned in pain. He felt as if his spine was about to snap into several pieces. He had grown up pampered and privileged, never having suffered like this.
His voice trembled in fear. "You... What good does it do to get mad at me?! You lost Carrie all by yourself. You couldn't protect your woman, and now you're just venting at me!”
Ryan's face turned deathly pale. His throat filled with a taste of blood.
"Even if I wasn't in the picture, the Salvadors would never allow their daughter to marry into the Hoffman family! Do you think it was my family forcing Carrie into the marriage? She agreed to marry me because she's completely disappointed in you!"
"Shut up!" Ryan screamed hysterically, his fists clenching tightly. He swung his fist toward Jason's face, scaring Jason so much that he shut his eyes.
"Mr. Hoffman!"
Yasmin intervened just in time, her calloused palm enveloping his iron-like fist. "Please... I beg you!"
But Ryan's molars remained tightly clenched. He could not bring himself to suppress the intense fury in his eyes.
"Haha... Go ahead. Hit me! Why aren't you hitting me now?"
Jason understood their reservations, so he tried to provoke them again. "It's because you don't have the guts to do so The Hoffmans have already offended the Salvadors. If you dare to touch me, I'll make sure your family will never land another project in Savrow again! #make your family fall as quickly as it rose!" 
In the chilly hours of the morning, Carrie had not yet slept.
Dressed in comfortable, fuzzy loungewear, she was fully engrossed in her drawing in front of the easel.
The delicate, soft sound of a pencil gliding across paper filled the quiet room.
Even with just simple line structures, the person emerging on the paper was instantly recognizable.
It was the man she missed, the one she buried in her heart. Her longing for him tormented her.
Carrie paused. Her trembling
fingertips lightly brushed the bright,
smiling eyes of the man in the
drawing. An overwhelming wave of beautiful memories surged forward. en.swhovels.net
Her heart ached, and she hastily closed her eyes. Gradually, everything would get better...
She would eventually get used to a life without Ryan, and Ryan would gradually forget about her. He could move on with someone more
outstanding and better suited for
him. 
Just then, someone knocked on the door. It was a soft knock, as if the person knocking was also hesitant.
"Ms. Carrie, are you asleep?"
"Not yet. Come in." Carrie turned the portrait over.
###chapter1844
Chapter 1844
The person who entered was a young maid. She had previously been Linny's best friend at Tideview Manor. Now that Carrie was back home, she had volunteered to come along and take care of Carrie.
"Why aren't you resting at this hour?" Carrie asked gently.
"Ms. Carrie..."
The maid's eyes flickered. After a moment of hesitation, she said, "Mr. Hoffman has been standing outside the gates of Tideview Manor for over two hours now. I heard the housekeepers talking... That's how I found out about it."
Carrie's crystal-clear eyes trembled. She felt as though someone had stabbed her in the heart and twisted the knife cruelly,
"The housekeepers didn't dare to make it known. They were afraid that it would disturb Chairman Salvador. Even if Chairman Salvador is asleep, if his secretary, Duncan, hears about this, things could get very complicated." The maid spoke, her face full of concern.
Carrie turned back, took her phone from the table, and turned it on.
The phone buzzed frantically as call notifications flooded the screen. They were all from Ryan.
There was only one message.
[Honey, I miss you.]
Tears fell one by one onto the deeply affectionate words on the screen, but they seared fresh wounds into her heart.
These days, she thought she had gotten used to living without Ryan.
Even if she had not gotten used to it, she believed she had regained her composure.
But at this moment, the carefully constructed defenses around her heart crumbled effortlessly with just one sentence from him.
"Ms. Carrie... Why don't you go see him secretly?" The maid urged, and her heart ached for Carrie. "You'll regret it if you don't."
"But even if I go... Nothing is going to change."
"If you truly cherish your relationship with Mr. Hoffman, you should go see him. Not for anything else, but because it's simply too cruel to end things without clarity." The maid advised earnestly, "Even if it's to say goodbye, you should do it gracefully and give him a proper closure. Isn't that what a girl from the Salvador family would do?"
Ryan's tall, handsome figure stood steadfast in the biting wind, his eyes fixed unblinkingly in the direction of the villa.
He coughed intermittently, and a dull pain throbbed in his stomach. But he did not care about it. It was as if his soul had completely detached from his body.
"Mr. Hoffman, please take your medicine." Yasmin approached with his pills and a thermos cup.
Ryan's long lashes lowered as he stared at the pills in his palm, slowly curling his fingers.
When he opened his hand again, he had already crushed the pills into powder, which the wind quickly
carried away.
"Life is so meaningless," Ryan muttered with a weak, bitter smile.
"Mr. Hoffman! Please stop this!"
Both angry and heartbroken, Yasmin spoke with a voice hoarse from worry, "Your life isn't just about your relationship! You have deep bonds with Mr. Salvador, too. Besides, you need to inherit the family business your father worked so hard to build! Your mother would be devastated to see you torturing yourself like this for love. You keep saying you love Ms. Carrie and don't want her to suffer, but isn't her greatest pain..."
Yasmin trailed off, hastily biting her lip.
"You're trying to say that I was the reason for her greatest pain and her suffering, right?" Ryan smiled bitterly, "Well, you're right. If it weren't for me, she wouldn't have suffered so much."
"Mr. Hoffman! Look!" Dean's voice rang out excitedly.
Ryan lifted his melancholy eyes, feeling his chest tightened.
In the dark of night, a shuttle was making its way toward the villa's gate.
In the back seat, Ryan saw Carrie. She was sitting quietly like a little white rabbit.
###chapter1845
Chapter 1845
Carrie came to see Ryan alone.
She was still wearing the white plush loungewear she often wore at the Willow Creek Villa. Her cute and playful appearance made the corners of Ryan's pale lips curl upward uncontrollably.
As he smiled, a tear slipped from the corner of his eye.
When their eyes met, an endless tide of emotions surged and swelled in their pounding hearts.
The man before her, her beloved Ryan, had become so thin that she almost did not recognize him. She fought to suppress her heartache. Her lips were tightly pressed together, and she dared not utter a word. She was afraid that she would start crying if she spoke.
If she cried, all her resolve would crumble.
Ryan's steps were heavy as he walked up to his beloved, his eyes red-rimmed as he pulled her into a tight embrace.
Tears streamed down Carrie's face instantly. However, she could only cry silently, not daring to make a sound or respond to his embrace.
But still, her erratic breathing and uncontrollable heartbeat betrayed her emotions completely.
There were three things a person could not hide-a cough, poverty, and love.
Ryan had held back many words along the way.
He wanted to ask her why she was marrying Jason Solloway.
But in the end, he could not help but say, "Why are you wearing so little? What if you catch a cold?"
Carrie rested her forehead against his chest and gently shook her head.
Yasmin and Dean turned their eyes away, unable to bear the sight. Their hearts ached for the star-crossed lovers.
After a while, Ryan's cold lips brushed against Carrie's reddened ear, murmuring a plea, "Carrie... Please don't marry someone else... Please just come home with me."
The person in his arms remained silent. Only her warm tears soaked his heaving chest.
After a moment, Carrie bit down hard. She pushed him away with all her strength.
"Ryan, please take good care of yourself and stay healthy... Don't come looking for me anymore." Ryan.
It had been long since he heard her calling his name.
Yet, it now felt distant. It was devoid of the deep affection and sweetness it once held.
As Carrie turned to leave, all of Ryan's restraint crumbled. He grabbed her arm, his fingers clenching so tightly that they seemed about to crush her delicate bones.
"Carrie, how can you do this to me? How can you be so cruel to me... Why don't you just kill me instead?!"
"Mr. Hoffman! Please calm down!" Yasmin and Dean were alarmed, fearing Ryan might unintentionally
hurt Carrie.
Ryan's eyes brimmed with shattered tears. "Didn't you say you loved me? Didn't you say you'd only be
mine?! How could you go back on your word... How could you?!"
His desperate and hysterical plea even carried a hint of savage bitterness.
"A marriage without the blessing of one's family will never be a happy one."
Carrie endured the pain as she spoke the words that deceived both Ryan and herself.
"I'm very weak and timid. I'm also afraid that those around me will get hurt or put in difficult situations because of me. I'm just an ordinary person, unable to handle great obstacles. I just want a simple life. Even if I have to live without love, as long as it's a peaceful life, it's enough for me. Ryan, it hurts at first, but it'll get better over time. I've come to terms with it, and you will too, eventually."
Yasmin was stunned.
She finally understood what it meant to say the harshest things in the gentlest tone.
However, after dealing with Liam tonight, Yasmin also hesitated.
As long as Liam was alive, he would surely seek revenge.
If Ryan and Carrie reconciled, Carrie would immediately become Liam's target. Who knew what cruel tricks he would use against this poor girl?
In truth, the best course of action was for Ryan and Carrie to maintain some distance. Once they eliminated all the threats, Ryan could then marry Carrie.
But who would have predicted the sudden interference from the Solloways? What if it took too long, and Carrie ended up marrying Jason Solloway for real?
###chapter1846
Ryan's face turned pale as cold sweat soaked through his suit upon hearing those words.
Was it possible to forget those unforgettable memories just because she said so?!
Beep-
A piercing horn sounded.
Carrie's heart skipped a beat. She quickly turned around, only to see bright headlights illuminating her stunned face.
Paul was the first to get out of the car and respectfully opened the door for Gregory, who was dressed in casual home clothes.
It was clear that his sleep had been disrupted.
"Carrie, what did you promise me?"
Standing in the cold light, Gregory said in a somber voice, "Didn't you say you would never see anyone from the Hoffman family again? Why do you always make me worry? Your brother angers me, and now you're disobedient too? Has your brother led you astray?"
The word "brother" felt like a noose tightening around Carrie's neck.
Gregory's words from that night still echoed in her ears.
"Dad, please don't blame Justin! He has worked so hard and has gone through so much. He's sacrificed a lot for his work. Please, don't blame him."
"I don't like disobedient people. Justin is a prime example. In the past, I needed his help to manage the Salvador Corporation, so I tolerated him. That's why he became so disrespectful and arrogant!"
He continued, "But now, your eldest brother's health is improving. Once his condition stabilizes, he'll be able to return to Savrow. At that time, I can have him replace Justin in running the company. If I get rid of that troublemaker, I might get to live a few more years in peace!"
"Dad... Please don't replace Justin! I beg you, please don't replace him!"
"If you comply with my arrangements and marry into the Solloway family, I will consider keeping his position."
"Carrie, come to me," Gregory said as he stretched out his hand to his daughter, his face expressionless.
Carrie looked down as she made her way to her father, her steps slow and heavy.
"Carrie! Come back!" Ryan's eyes were bloodshot as he shouted at her retreating figure, but she did not turn back. "Mr. Hoffman, don't you find it degrading to show up at our doorstep in the middle of the night with such a pitiful act?"
Gregory wrapped his daughter in his
arms, his gaze, cold and disdainful. "Carrie is already someone else's fiancée. That brief, shameful affair you had is completely over. If you truly care about Carrie, you should stay away from her. The Hoffman family has already ruined her once. If you keep pestering her, do you want her to never live in peace?" 
Ryan's body trembled, and he staggered back a half step.
He watched in despair as they all departed in a grand procession, feeling as if an army was trampling all over his heart. An overwhelming sense of powerlessness rushed through him. He had never experienced such a moment, a feeling that he was truly about to lose Carrie forever...
Justin spent the night with Bella at Yara Park.
During their intimate moment together, Bella's mind was preoccupied with the marriage between Carrie and Jason Solloway, preventing her from fully engaging in their intercourse. However, Justin knew her body so well. His gentle kisses, light nibbles, and the electrifying touch of his calloused hands gliding over her pale, delicate skin turned her on.
His powerful body repeatedly lifted and lowered her body, eliciting a renewed sense of arousal, although her thoughts gradually became hazy.
After their passionate encounter, Bella curled up in Justin's arms and drifted off to sleep.
No matter the time, Justin was always full of energy, never running out of stamina in bed. She matched him so well that each time felt like an addictive high.
The following day was a weekend.
In a blink of an eye, it was afternoon.
After getting ready, Bella went downstairs with Justin to the living room, where she immediately
noticed Ralph's jacket casually
draped over the back of the sofa.
At that moment, the butler passed by, and she quickly called out, "Has Ralph returned?"
"Yes, Ms. Thompson. Young Master Ralph has returned and is speaking with Madam Mila in the tea room."
Bella and Justin exchanged a look and strolled hand-in-hand toward the tea room.
As they entered, they overheard
Ralph's clear, distinct voice from behind the ornate divider, tinged
with bitterness and hesitation. "It
had known it would turn out this way wouldn't have given up back then. If she has to marry someone like that, I'd rather marry her myself!" 
###chapter1847
Bella and Justin exchanged stunned glances.
It sounded like Ralph wanted to marry Carrie.
Mila exclaimed in shock, "Ralph, what are you saying? You want to marry Ms. Carrie? When did you start having feelings for that girl?! And why are you getting mixed up in Ms. Carrie's relationship with Mr. Hoffman? Don't become a homewrecker. Your thick skin wouldn't be enough to save you from embarrassment! The young masters of the Thompson family shouldn't get involved as the third party in someone else's relationship."
Ralph just stayed quiet.
Meanwhile, Justin and Bella stood there awkwardly in silence.
After a while, Ralph spoke with a tinge of bitterness. "Back then, I chose to give up because I saw that Carrie and Ryan were deeply in love, and Ryan truly cared for Carrie. So, I hoped that Carrie's path to love would be smooth and without trouble. I didn't want to cause her any problems."
'Didn't want to cause her any problems.' Bella lowered her gaze as she sighed to herself.
The truth was, Ralph and Carrie were quite compatible. They were both people who put others first and were understanding of those around them. They had strong empathy, and were very perceptive. Bella had often wondered if Carrie would be happier with Ralph. But when it came to love, dwelling on "what ifs" was useless.
"But now, Carrie is about to marry someone she doesn't love at all."
Every word Ralph uttered was filled with urgency, brimming with long-suppressed, ardent yearning. "If that's the case... Mom, I want to do what I want for once. I want to go after Carrie. I want to..."
"The news of her engagement to Jason Solloway has already spread. What do you think you're doing by interfering?" Mila sighed, feeling helpless. "Plus, you said they were in love. Even if they've split up for some reason, Ms. Carrie may not have a place for you in her heart. To put it bluntly, Ryan is the love of her life. Can you honestly commit to being with someone who loves someone else? Can you guarantee you won't end up regretting it or resenting her down the line? This path is harder than you think."
"Mom, when you married Dad, you knew he had someone he was deeply in love with. Did you ever regret choosing him?" Ralph asked, and his question struck a chord.
Justin immediately felt a tight squeeze on his arm and quickly glanced at Bella's slightly pale but beautiful face.
Mila spoke in a low voice. "My situation was different from yours."
"But we are alike in a way. I will only go for what want. I don't care about anything else." Ralph let out a self-deprecating laugh. "My principle is to make the one I love happy if I can't then I don't need to hold on to any limits." 
"You're such a..."
"Aunt Mila, Ralph." Bella interrupted, walking in with Justin.
Mila's face stiffened, and Ralph stood up in surprise. "Bella, you heard..."
Bella smiled. "I heard your conversation earlier. But I wasn't eavesdropping on purpose."
Justin pressed his thin lips together. He thought, 'Not eavesdropping on purpose? This woman's habit of eavesdropping was practically written into her DNA, practically a walking human surveillance device.'
Ralph took a deep breath, his eyes shining with sincerity. "Bella, since you heard everything, I have nothing to hide. I want to fight for the chance to make Carrie my wife. Would that be okay with you?"
Mila's brows furrowed with worry.
She said, "Ralph, you're my only son,
and you've never been in a
relationship. Do you even
understand what love is? You spend all your time at the police station,
constantly investigating cases.
You've seen more dead women than
living ones!" 
She continued, "You've only met Ms. Carrie a few times. Are you sure she's the one for you? What if you meet someone more suitable, someone better in the future?"
"Dad has plenty of flaws, but didn't you fall in love with him at first sight?"
Far-off in Meridan, Wyatt sneezed repeatedly.
Mila was left completely speechless. He was definitely her son, so stubborn that it drove her up the wall!
"Or... Are you worried about Carrie's sickness?"
"Ralph," Bella couldn't help but interrupt. "Aunt Mila would never think that. You shouldn't ask that."
Ralph realized he had misspoken, his gaze turning gloomy. "Mom, I'm sorry."
"I can see it. You really do like that girl."
###chapter1848
Tears welled up in Mila's eyes as she smiled with relief. "Otherwise, you would never talk back to me. If you want to pursue the one you love, I won't stop you, but there's one condition. Ms. Carrie must cut all ties with Mr. Hoffman. If they're still in touch, I don't want you involved."
Her tone turned serious. "As long as the girl is good, I don't care about her background or past. The only thing I won't accept is a daughter-in-law snatched from someone else."
Upon hearing this, Justin couldn't help but admire Mila. No wonder she could raise such outstanding children.
"The final choice still lies with Carrie," Ralph said, his eyes shining with determination. "If she chooses me, I will never let her down. If she still wants to be with Ryan, no matter how difficult it is, I will help them overcome any obstacles."
Bella's beautiful eyes flashed with a sudden idea. "Ralph, are you really willing to help?"
"When have I ever gone back on my word?" Ralph's expression was resolute, with his mind made up.
"With Aunt Mila here, I'll speak frankly,” Bella said firmly after a brief pause. “Ralph, can I use you?"
Her words left Justin and Mila stunned, both exchanging confused glances.
Ralph's gaze deepened. "Bella, what do you want me to do?"
Bella smiled slyly. "I want you to crash the wedding."
The word "crash" seemed to momentarily choke Ralph, who gave a dry, bitter smile. “Bella, my mom just said no to snatching. You still want to pull that off?"
Bella shook her finger delicately. "No, no... When I say crash the wedding, I mean you, Young Master Ralph Thompson, should disrupt the marriage between the Salvador and Solloway families. Make sure that toad, Jason, doesn't lay his hands on my sister, Carrie."
Justin's eyes darkened, and his warm, large hand gently squeezed Bella's slender waist, making her go soft with pleasure. Although he had pleasured her last night, it was to help her relax and get some sleep. He had not slept at all.
He had thought a lot about Ryan and Carrie and was prepared, but he hadn't expected Bella to come up with such a bold plan.
Among all his brothers-in-law, from
the first to the seventh, none could escape being used by Bella. "You mean you want me to compete with Jason for Carrie's affection?" Ralph pondered, his fingers on his chin. "Although it's still considered snatching, I don't mind competing with that Solloway guy. We Thompsons are not afraid of trouble and can handle it." 
Justin frowned slightly. "But Bella, Gregory has approved this marriage, and he's very pleased with the Solloway family. Even if we have Ralph to compete, if Gregory doesn't agree to Carrie being with him, it will still be difficult."
“Indeed... Because of you, Bella, the feud between Gregory and our family over the horse racing incident runs deep. That unreasonable old dog would never look favorably upon my precious son." Mila frankly expressed her frustration, even with Justin present.
Ralph was speechless.
Bella stifled a laugh, realizing Aunt Mila had picked up some of Aunt Sasha's bluntness.
Seeing his father being criticized, Justin maintained a calm expression, feeling secretly pleased inside.
"It doesn't matter. It takes two to
tango," Bella said confidently with a smile. "As long as the Solloway family is determined to not continue the marriage with Carrie, does Gregory still have the dignity to force his daughter on them? How many times can he accept being disrespected?" 
Justin looked at her with a warm and intense gaze. "Bella, you're really smart."
"Bella, do you need my help?" Mila said with a light smile, "Since my son is going to crash the wedding, it's only fitting that I step in as the head of the Thompson family to put pressure on the Solloway family so they completely give up."
"Mom..." Ralph choked up, feeling even more guilty for doubting his mother earlier.
Bella felt both helpless and ashamed and said, "Aunt Mila, we're really sorry for troubling you to help us with our issues."
"What are you saying? We're family.
Besides..." A wave of sadness washed over Mila, causing tears to well up in her eyes. "Since Hugh passed away, I haven't been able to truly move on. I've neglected and failed to care for Ralph and Camilla. I didn't even know Ralph was in love. Now
you thank me for doing a little thing, which only makes me feel
more ashamed." 
Thinking of her late fifth brother, Bella suddenly thought of that portrait that Carrie drew. She opened her mouth several times but ultimately remained silent.
###chapter1849
After everything was arranged, the young couple set off for Savrow.
On the way, Justin pulled Bella into his arms. His thin lips lightly brushed against her soft and red earlobe before pecking at her plump, rosy lips.
"Bella, thank you. How should I thank you properly, hmm?"
"You're being so formal." Bella wrapped her left arm around his neck while the fingers of her other hand gently traced the bridge of his handsome nose, making his heart flutter. "Then you can cook for me for a month in place of Wilma."
"A month? Are you underestimating me?"
Justin narrowed his starry eyes, filled with adoration. "I'd gladly be your cook for a lifetime, my lady."
Bella shook her head repeatedly. "No, thank you, Mr. Salvador. I appreciate the thought. Cooking occasionally is romantic, but doing it for a lifetime would be too much."
Justin was speechless.
"Actually, I feel quite guilty toward Ralph for doing this," Bella said helplessly, pouting. "But pressuring the Solloway family to give up the engagement is the best solution I can think of. As long as the Solloway family backs off, it will give Ryan more time to sort out his family affairs. That way, he and Carrie will have a chance to be together."
"Bella, I have other ways to deal with the Solloway family."
Bella gently shook her head. "I know you are prepared, but you shouldn't provoke the mayor lightly."
His thin lips tightened. "For Carrie and Ryan, I'm not afraid of offending anyone."
"But right now, you can't afford to offend Gregory. You can't give him any reason to think you're harming or impacting Salvador Corporation's interests. Won't that just give him an excuse to lash out?" Bella straightened up in his arms, gently soothing him. "Don't worry. Aunt Mila is not to be underestimated. She's been managing some of Wyatt's business and assets for years. With her stepping in, she can definitely crush the Solloway family's ambitions."
Justin's thin lips curled into an uncontrollable smile. Just as he was about to kiss her, her phone rang.
Seeing it was Steven calling, Bella immediately answered, "Steve."
"Ms. Bella, there's news about Bethany," Steven said urgently. "Our men just reported that Bethany went to the hospital for a check-up. She didn't look well."
"Not well? That's good," Bella said in a low voice, her almond eyes flashing with a cold light. "Keep a close eye on her. After she leaves the hospital, we must obtain a sample of her blood no matter what." "Yes, Ms. Bella!"
Far across the sea in Meridan, Bethany had been dealing with a persistent low-grade fever that wouldn't subside for almost a week, even after taking medicine to bring it down.
At first, she did not bother going to the hospital, as healthcare in Meridan was incredibly expensive, and her tight budget meant she had to be extremely frugal. She could not afford to run to the doctor for every little thing.
Reflecting on her privileged upbringing as the precious daughter of the Salvador family, even a small prick on her finger would spark a commotion and an outpouring of concern.
Now, her circumstances had dramatically shifted, leaving her profoundly saddened by the stark contrast.
But in the past couple of days, her
condition has worsened. She felt weak all over and had developed a persistent cough. Afraid of the consequences, she rushed to the hospital late at night.
After undergoing various tests and examinations, Bethany, wrapped in her dirty sweater, collapsed onto a bench in the corridor and drifted into a hazy sleep.
A nurse shook her awake, calling her to see the doctor for her results.
The doctor hesitated as he looked at
the test results, then said softly, "Miss, Im sorry to inform you that
the tests indicate you've been
infected with HIV." 
"H...I...V?" Bethany's face turned pale, staring blankly at the doctor's serious expression.
Though her French was poor, she understood these three letters. She could not believe it and instinctively thought she had misheard.
Thinking she did not understand French, the doctor repeated it in English. "It means AIDS."
This time, he spoke each word clearly and deliberately.
With a loud crash, Bethany fell to the floor with the chair. She trembled uncontrollably, her legs too weak to support her.
No matter how the doctor tried to help her up, she could not stand.
At that moment, her mind went blank. She couldn't hear a word the doctor was saying.
Or maybe she just did not want to hear anything at all...
Bethany stumbled forward in a daze, her mind in turmoil. She kept replaying in her head how she could have contracted HIV.
Finally, she remembered that night in the club's bathroom with that male model.
He did not use any protection and even ejaculated twice, once inside her and once on her chest.
Could it be that he was the one who infected her?
She had been staying home all the time, except for that one reckless night! If not him, then who else could it be?!
"Ahhh!"
In a dark, deserted alley, Bethany furiously tore up the test results, curled up in a corner, clutching her head, and let out a hysterical scream.
"Why... Why has it come to this... Why?!"
Bethany had been cast out of the
Live
Salvador family. She lost her life of luxury, and on top of that, she had hearing loss. Now, she had this disgusting, filthy disease! 
Why even live? She might as well die!
Just as she was drowning in despair, the sound of leather shoes approached, getting closer until they finally stopped in front of her.
###chapter1850
"Is it Ms. Bethany Salvador?"
In a foreign land, hearing her native language made Bethany slowly stop crying. She lifted her tear-soaked, swollen face.
The man before her was dressed impeccably in a suit but was completely unfamiliar to her.
"How do you know me?"
Bethany suddenly kneeled before him, devoid of dignity, clasping her hands together as she wept and pleaded, "Are you... Are you someone my father sent to help me? Please... Take me back to Savrow. I can't stay in this hellhole for another day! I'm sick-very sick! If I don't get treatment, I won't survive! How could my father abandon his own daughter to die?!"
The man remained expressionless. "I'm sorry, Ms. Salvador, but I'm not sent by your father."
Bethany slumped back down, her expression a mix of disappointment and despair.
"However, someone does want to see you."
With her mind too muddled to think clearly and consumed by hopelessness, Bethany followed the man to a luxurious car. As the car door opened, the first thing she saw was a pair of expensive silver satin high heels with delicate, pristine ankles.
Bethany glanced down at her own ragged clothes, feeling a wave of shame. She instinctively shrank back. Those high heels were from a brand she used to love. Now, she could only look on with envy. The man said gently, "Ms. Salvador, please get in the car."
Summoning her courage, Bethany climbed into the car.
The woman sitting elegantly inside was unexpectedly dressed in a white coat. Her delicate, smiling features exuded a warm, comforting presence. Bethany felt an instant surge of goodwill toward her. "Hello, Ms. Salvador, it's a pleasure to meet you," the woman said as she extended her hand politely.
As Bethany shook her hand, tears inexplicably welled up in her eyes and started streaming down her cheeks.
She had been bullied by her landlord and her thuggish neighbor, beaten down by the drastic change in her life and the sudden diagnosis of a terminal illness. After receiving this unexpected kindness, her emotions surged uncontrollably.
The woman quickly handed her a tissue, full of concern.
"Thank you..." Bethany said, wiping her nose. "May I ask who you are? How do you know me?"
The woman smiled slightly. "You can call me Ms. Gold. I'm also from Savrow."
"Gold...?"
Staring at her kind smile, Bethany sniffed. "I used to know someone really annoying with that last name. But you are much prettier and kinder than her."
"Is that so? What a coincidence."
The woman's smile deepened.
"When I was
Savrow, I knew of
you, Ms. Salvador. As the daughter of the Salvador family, you were quite the sensation. I was at the hospital for business today and saw you by chance. Seeing your current situation made me curious, so I followed you to learn more. As a fellow Savrow native, I want to help. you and do something for you." 
The sincerity in her words made Bethany cry even harder.
2000 2010
Exhausted from crying, she clutched the tissue tightly and said with gritted teeth, "It's all because of my sister, that idiot, and my brother, Justin! They all protected that idiot and favored her, ganging up to bully me! Not only did they make me deaf, but they also caused me to contract AIDS! They're trying to drive me to death!" 
The woman's brow furrowed. "AIDS? How did that happen?"
Finally finding someone to confide in, Bethany disregarded any semblance of dignity and poured out all her grievances. Her tears and snot were flowing freely.
The woman listened patiently and
then sighed in indignation. "Oh, they have wronged you so much. Regardless of everything, they are your blood relatives. How can they be so heartless and cruel? If I were you. I wouldn't let it go so easily. Even if I had to die, I'd take that sister of yours with me."
The woman's smile turned sinister. "Everything your brother has done is for your sister. Drag her into hell, and you'll have your most satisfying revenge."
Under such incitement, the dying flame of revenge in Bethany's heart blazed fiercely again. Her eyes turned red as she gasped furiously, filled with a burning desire for retribution.
###chapter1851
Seeing Bethany become like a bull provoked by a red cloth in the arena, the woman smiled sinisterly.
"But... How can I get revenge? I've been abandoned by the Salvador family. I can't even afford a ticket back to Savrow. Even if I manage to return, I'll probably be caught by Justin as soon as I reach the airport I can't imagine what cruel methods he'd use against me!"
"Ms. Salvador, I sympathize with your situation, so I'm willing to lend you a helping hand."
The woman took her hand, gently placing it in her palm. "You don't need to worry about the plane tickets. I can cover that for you. As for returning to Savrow, I can guarantee that you won't be caught by your brother if you follow my plan."
"Really?!" Bethany's eyes widened in excitement.
Deep down, she was still somewhat skeptical. But given her current state-abandoned, penniless, and afflicted with a terminal disease-she did not have the luxury to overthink.
As long as she could go back, she would do anything.
"Ms. Gold, thank you so much! How can I ever repay your immense kindness?"
The woman shook her head calmly. "I can't stand to see innocent people being bullied. If you succeed in your revenge, that will be the best repayment for me."
....
A pristine white Bentley stopped outside the gate of a lavish estate.
With a look of disgust, Clarice meticulously disinfected the hand that had touched Bethany before getting out of the car.
As soon as she got out, a sharp and cold figure approached her.
"Dr. Amaryllis."
Jace gazed at her indifferently. "Sir wants to see you."
With a tense expression and a heart full of anxiety, Clarice approached Grant.
Seated at a long rosewood table, Grant was dressed in a dark suit, holding a brush, and sketching an impressionistic landscape painting.
"Sir, it's time for your medication. I'll go prepare it."
Just as Clarice was about to retrieve the medicine, Grant spoke in a calm tone. "Clarice, you didn't follow my instructions this time and acted on your own, breaking the rules." Clarice broke into a cold sweat and immediately admitted her fault. "I'm sorry, sir! I... I just..."
"I know you have hatred in your heart, but acting this way can harm innocent people."
Grant's brush strokes were steady and assured. "You're too impatient. The first to lose their composure will reveal their weaknesses. Moreover, your actions will inevitably affect Carrie. She is Justin's sister, but isn't she also my sister?" 
Clarice's legs trembled
uncontrollably beneath her white lab coat. Gritting her teeth, she said, was solely focused on seeking.
J.net
revenge on Justin and didn't think it
through. I will no longer involve
myself in Bethany's matters."
A faint smile appeared on Grant's pale face. "Never mind. You've already promised to buy her a plane ticket. Going back on your word now would be disgraceful."
Clarice's heart tightened. There were no secrets in front of the master. He knew exactly what she did, who she met, and what she said.
"But this is the last time. I do not need disobedient people around me," Grant said. His handsome face was half in shadow, half in light.
"It will never happen again, sir," Clarice said, not daring to lift her head.
At that moment, with a soft thud, Grant threw a document at her feet.
She slowly picked it up and opened it, her pupils dilating in shock as she read through it again in disbelief.
"Bethany is like a time bomb. If used well, she can have an explosive impact. But she can only be used once."
Grant put down the brush and
pressed a white jade seal with his
signature onto the corner of the painting.Cif she succeeds, it will show she has the courage and capability to fight for herself if she faits, a useless chess piece will have no place on the board." 
###chapter1852
Ever since Mayor Solloway "accidentally" revealed the marriage alliance between his son and the Salvador family, news of it had spread throughout Savrow's upper society. People congratulated him but secretly mocked him for doing anything to climb the social ladder, even marrying his only son to a mentally ill woman for the sake of his career.
When the rumors reached Nigel, the old man naturally became even more displeased with this marriage. However, every time he opposed it, Gregory would bring up how the Hoffman family mistreated his daughter and used it against Nigel again.
"Back then, I was firmly against Carrie being with that brat from the Hoffman family, but you insisted on matchmaking them, placing our precious flower into a pile of cow dung that is the Hoffman family! This made Carrie the laughing stock of all Savrow!
"Not only that, you humiliated me in front of Justin and Ryan, treating my good intentions as worthless, and stripped me of any dignity as the head of the family. What did all your efforts achieve? You pushed your most beloved granddaughter into this situation!"
Nigel's gray eyebrows knitted tightly as he exhaled a breath of frustration. "I'm your father. Do you think I don't know what you're up to? You don't really care about Carrie. You only care about your own reputation. You're just holding a grudge!"
Gregory clenched his teeth hard.
"Do you know the Solloway boy well? Do you know what kind of person he is? I chose Ryan not only because my granddaughter likes him but also because he is Justin's best friend. They grew up together, so they know each other inside out!"
Nigel continued, "Despite the chaos within the Hoffman family, Ryan has stood out as an exceptional leader. Lately, you've been putting Hoffman Group under intense scrutiny, disrupting their projects. But Ryan, as the CEO of Hoffman Group, has managed to keep morale high and tackle each challenge you've thrown their way. I'm confident he can also handle the troublemakers within the Hoffman family." Upon hearing this, Gregory's gaze darkened.
He knew that everything he said was out of anger. Deep down, he still favored Ryan. It seemed that Nigel's anger had toned down. He still wanted Carrie to be with Ryan.
Justin already had control of half of Salvador Corporation's operations, and his influence was steadily growing. But if Gregory couldn't even control his own daughter's marriage, wouldn't that be yet another blow to his pride and reputation?
"Most importantly, Carrie is not like any other ordinary child!" Nigel thought of the suffering his beloved granddaughter had endured, his eyes welling up with tears. "You know how much she likes Ryan! They haven't been separated for long, and you're already eager to marry her off to a stranger she hasn't even met? As her father, you don't care about your daughter at all. Is your brain muddled or something?!" Gregory clenched his teeth. "Carrie and Jason were high school classmates. They studied together for three years, so they knew each other well. Besides, Carrie has already agreed to this marriage." Nigel felt as if he had been struck by lightning. "What did you say?! Did you force her to agree?"
"Huh, is that necessary?" Gregory
raised his eyebrows coldly. "Carrie has grown up. She knows how to weigh the pros and cons and
understands that compatibilitynet
more important than affection. Only
still treat her like a child. You say
you s
I don't care about my daughter, but your love for your granddaughter isn't much better." 
"Shut your filthy mouth!" Nigel grabbed a teacup from the coffee table and threw it at Gregory.
This time, the man was smart enough to immediately step aside, and the teacup fell to the ground, shattering into pieces.
That evening, Gregory accepted an invitation from Mayor Solloway and his wife, planning to take Carrie to dinner at the Solloway residence.
A maid brought the expensive evening gowns that Chairman Salvador had specifically chosen for Carrie. Each one was luxurious, but none of them felt like her own clothes.
"I'm not wearing these. Just pick
dress from my wardrobe that I usually wear," Carrie said calmly a
she sat in front of her easel, perfecting the lifelike portrait.
She poured all her longing into the painting. It seemed that the days without seeing Ryan were not so unbearable this way.
"Ms. Salvador, it's almost time. Chairman Salvador is waiting for you downstairs." The butler's voice came from outside.
Carrie's heart felt heavy. She reluctantly got up to change clothes and took a long look at herself in the mirror.
Suddenly, her thoughts drifted back to Willow Creek Villa, the love nest she shared with Ryan.
Carrie recalled the time before they went to a banquet at the Iverson residence.
She was unclothed and held by
Ryan, who held her waist and hips.
She clung to his shoulders,
Of
half-crying and moaning, afraid slipping down. She wrapped her slender limbs tightly around his
muscular body. 
They had been deeply intertwined, moving playfully through every corner of the room.
###chapter1853
Each step Ryan took sent a shiver through Carrie's body, a sensation that left her utterly dazed. Her hands gripped the man's back tightly, leaving red marks.
"Which one should we choose, hmm?"
Ryan held her in his arms, standing in front of the massive wardrobe. His wet, burning kisses grazed her flushed cheeks.
"Mm... They all look good..." Carrie leaned against his sweat-drenched chest, breathing lightly, her eyelids heavy.
"Can't decide? Let me help you, darling."
In the next second, Carrie suddenly felt a darkness before her eyes, and she let out a soft cry. Ryan carried her into the wardrobe filled with expensive dresses. The soft, silky fabrics enveloped them as they indulged in a wave of passionate intimacy.
"Ms. Salvador, your teddy bear."
The maid's words pulled Carrie back to reality. Her cheeks flushed, and she quickly turned her back, pressing her palms against her face in embarrassment.
"I won't need it tonight."
The maid looked worried. She knew the teddy bear was Carrie's source of comfort. Without it, she could not sleep.
Carrie bit her tender lips gently. "I'm going to meet guests with my father today. Bringing this along would be embarrassing."
Tonight, Mayor Solloway and his wife hosted a private cocktail party in their courtyard.
Considering the rumors still circulating about Carrie in Savrow, the guest list was limited to close friends and family of the Solloway family. It was essentially a small engagement ceremony for their son and the Salvador family's heiress.
Mayor Solloway and his wife moved elegantly among the guests with their impeccably dressed son, Jason, basking in the attention.
"Mayor Solloway, congratulations in advance," Alvin and Aaron Larson said, holding champagne glasses. He smiled warmly and said, "Jason is about to get engaged to the heiress of the Salvador family. I'll definitely attend the ceremony and give Jason a big gift."
Mayor Solloway clinked glasses with a wide grin. "Haha, you're Jason's godfather. You'll be the first one I invite!"
Jason also smiled and said, "Thank you, godfather."
Amid the lively courtyard, Carrie appeared, holding onto Gregory's arm.
She was still not used to such occasions. In the past, she had the support of Justin, Bella, and Ryan, which helped her stay calm.
Now, faced with the complex gazes directed at her, her heart began to race again.
"Chairman Salvador, Carrie!"
Jason's eyes lit up. He quickly put down his wine glass and strode towards them. "Welcome! Chairman Salvador and Carrie's presence brings honor to our humble abode!" en.swhovels.net
"Haha... Jason, you're too polite,"
Gregory said, smiling as he pattedet
his shoulder. "Just call me Uncle. After all, we'll be family soon" 
"Yes, Uncle Gregory."
Jason quickly corrected himself, his burning gaze fixed on Carrie's pale face. She dared not lift her head or meet the gaze that made her so uncomfortable.
Mayor Solloway and his wife came
over to greet them as well. Mrs.
Solloway held Carrie's hand,
continuously praising her as if she
could not be more satisfied with her
future daughter-in-law.
However, Carrie stood there, feeling out of place, as if all the blood had drained from her body, leaving her cold all over.
Suddenly, the doors opened again.
Two noble and imposing figures entered the room with an overwhelming presence, impossible to ignore despite being only two people.
Carrie moved her gaze toward the man. The moment she recognized the man, her clear eyes rippled with emotion.
###chapter1854
"Ralph..." Carrie looked at the man's spirited face, and her eyes sparkled brightly.
Ralph's unexpected appearance instantly dispelled the nervous feelings in her heart. She also recognized the elegant and poised woman beside Ralph. It was Ralph's mother, Madam Mila of the Thompson family.
Carrie's heart tightened. Shannon often mentioned that Mayor Solloway was a skilled diplomat and was well-versed in dealing with people. Given that he had invited the Salvador family, he would not have made the mistake of inviting the Thompson family as well. That would be like putting two tigers on one mountain.
Sure enough, the expression of the Solloways changed, and Gregory's expression darkened.
Mayor Solloway awkwardly explained, "Chairman Salvador, this is truly unexpected. We did not send an invitation to the Thompson family. This situation is..." Gregory waved his hand with a half-smile and said, "No big deal. This is your house, Mayor Solloway. There's no need to tell me about such a trivial matter."
Mayor Solloway and his wife were sweating profusely. It was obvious to everyone that Gregory was not pleased.
At this moment, a murmur began to spread among the surrounding guests.
"Oh my! Who is that man standing beside Madam Mila? He is so handsome!"
"Look at him. He's such an outstanding young man! If I had a daughter, I would definitely want to arrange a marriage with him!"
"Stop dreaming. You may not know him, but I do! That is the rarely-seen Young Master Ralph Thompson. After his older brother died in a plane crash, he became Madam Mila's only son and was cherished like a precious gem. They will surely be very selective about his marriage."
Everyone was astonished. "Young Master Ralph Thompson?!"
"Wow..."
This revelation created a halo effect, making Ralph even more attractive to them.
"Comparison is the thief of all joy. Initially, I thought Jason was good-looking, but he's completely overshadowed by Ralph!"
"Of course! Ralph is the son of Chairman Thompson and Madam Mila. The Solloway family is merely a government servant. They can't be compared with giant corporations like the Thompson family." When these words reached Jason's ears, his smile froze, and his fists clenched tightly in the shadows.
In order to match his mother's expectations, Ralph had worn a formal suit just for tonight. Normally, he would not be seen in one, as his movements felt restrained in it From time to time, he would tug at his tie uncomfortably.
"Can you stop twisting and turning like a monkey?" Mila's face remained unchanged as she secretly pinched her son's waist. "Did someone put fleas in your collar?"
Ralph winced in pain, and his gaze inadvertently drifted toward Carrie. When their eyes met, Carrie smiled joyfully and raised her hand to wave at him in greeting. In an instant it was as if his world had become brighter. His heart rippled with affection. 
"Mila, what brings you here?" Alvin walked over to the mother and son.
By right, Ralph should have addressed him as his uncle.
But he knew well that his mother had long been expelled from the Larson family, and these so-called relatives had never helped her over the years. Hence, Ralph would not acknowledge this kinship and only gave Alvin a cold look. 
Mila smiled gracefully and said, "The sky may have its limits, but not my legs. I wanted to come, so I came."
Alvin's expression stiffened as the guests whispered among themselves, speculating about the relationship between the Larsons.
"My father and I were invited here by Mayor Solloway. As far as I know, Mayor Solloway and his wife did not send you an invitation." Aaron quipped, adding to the fire.
###chapter1855
Ralph's eyes were cold.
Just as he was about to speak, Mila smiled and said, "Oh, then I should ask Mayor Solloway what is going on."
"Mayor Solloway, do you not consider me a member of the Larson family?"
Caught off guard by the family crossfire, Mayor Solloway choked on his drink and coughed uncontrollably in embarrassment.
"Well, what difference does it make whether I am part of the Larson family or not?" Mila looked at Mayor Solloway with an inscrutable gaze. "I came here with my son tonight to represent the Thompson family. Mayor Solloway and Mrs. Solloway, you would not be unwelcoming, would you?"
"Oh, it was our oversight!" Mrs. Solloway immediately stepped in to smooth things over, smiling apologetically. "We thought that since we sent an invitation to Chairman Larson, your family would naturally come together. We did not consider it carefully enough. We will make sure to be more attentive next time!"
Mila's lips curled into a cold smile. "I no longer have any ties to the Larson family. So if there is a next time, please send the invitation to the Thompsons' residence in Hatchbay."
"Mila, that is enough." Alvin stepped closer and said in a low voice, "Do you have to cause a scene with me in front of so many people?"
"Are you worthy of me causing a scene with you?" Mila glanced away and let out a cold laugh. "If it weren't for you coming over to provoke me, I would not bother to waste words on you or even look at you. Alvin, you should know that among the Larsons, the person I hate the most is not the father who expelled me, but you, for repeatedly slandering and defaming Wyatt in front of my father!"
Alvin's lips twitched, and his breath was caught in his throat. The side of his face that she had slapped last time seemed to ache again.
Under his leadership, the Larson Group had grown stronger and more powerful. Yet no matter how hard he tried, no matter how much he polished his image, Mila still refused to look at him. Wyatt was the only one in her heart, but that man took her for granted.
After a brief interlude, the Solloways'
party proceeded to the living room. It was an event that the Solloway couple had arranged to give Jason
and Carrie a chance to interact.
As the melodious music started, guests found their dance partners and began dancing gracefully in the spacious living room of the villa.
While Mayor ?olloway was
conversing with Gregory, Mila
walked over steadily and smiled faintly. "Mayor Solloway, excuse me, I have something I would like to discuss with you privately. Would you mind?" 
Gregory tightened his grip on his glass at Mila's obvious disregard for him.
Fully aware of Mila's influence, Mayor Solloway immediately stood up. "Of course, please follow me to the parlor."
As they turned to leave, Mila glanced
back at Gregory and gave him a mocking smile. Gregory felt like there were sharp claws scratching at his heart. 
In the parlor, Mayor Solloway brought out his best tea and asked with a friendly smile, "Madam Mila, what brings you here to see me?"
Mila sipped her tea elegantly. "I heard that your son is getting engaged to Ms. Carrie. Is that right?"
Mayor Solloway replied excitedly. "Yes! We have even set the date. It will be on the fifteenth of next month."
"Yes, it is a good date. It is just a pity that your son and Ms. Carrie are not meant to be."
Mayor Solloway was stunned. "Madam Mila, what do you mean by that?"
###chapter1856
"My son has taken a liking to Ms. Carrie. He has been pestering me for a long time and has insisted that he will marry no one but her. Regardless of the cost, he wants to make her his wife." Mila sighed lightly. "Alas, my son's stubbornness is just like his father's. He is my only son, so I must help him obtain whatever he wants, no matter the cost. So, Mayor Solloway, be a good man for once, and please fulfill my son's wish to be with Ms. Carrie."
Mayor Solloway was dumbfounded. He was utterly stunned. This was not just stealing a bride; it was outright robbery!
"Are you joking with me? The news of the marriage alliance between our families has already spread throughout Savrow. Both families have been discussing the marriage, and Ms. Carrie is practically part of the Solloway family now! What do you mean by suddenly interfering like this?"
Mila lowered her eyes, using the tea cup lid to skim the floating tea leaves. She replied indifferently. "They are not engaged yet, nor have they held a wedding. Even if they had, they are not truly husband and wife without the marriage license. So, my son still has a chance. To be honest, Wyatt is also very satisfied with this match. If he were not out of town, he would have come to discuss this with you personally." "Absolutely not!" Mayor Solloway suppressed his anger, his face turning red. "If we break off the engagement now, not only will I offend Chairman Salvador, but my family will become the laughingstock of Savrow! Madam Mila, my son must marry Ms. Carrie. It's not our fault that your son realized this too late. They are simply not meant to be together!"
"The election is next spring, isn't it?" Mila's tone was light and casual.
Mayor Solloway shuddered violently.
"Your support rate has dropped another five percent compared to last year. At this rate, your old rival will surely surpass you.”
Mila gently placed the teacup down. "Let's make a deal. As long as your family breaks off the engagement, our company will fully support your election next year. If you don't agree, we will have no choice but to support your rival. Then, your chances of a secure victory will be uncertain."
The party continued. Carrie hid in a corner, her slender fingers nervously entwined.
"Carrie."
It was Jason's voice. Carrie's heart
ov
sank, and she clutched the hem of her dress. She lowered her gaze to avoid his, but Jason's hand extended into her view. 
"May I have this dance?"
Looking at his hand, Carrie felt a wave of nausea wash over her, causing her to instinctively recoil. This clear rejection caused Jason's expression to turn dark. 
Just then, another firm hand
reached out to her. A low, gentle et
voice whispered near her. That voice was inexplicably comforting to her. "Carrie, dance with me." 
Carrie slowly lifted her head, meeting Ralph's starry eyes. The next moment, she seized his hand as if grasping a lifeline and stood up.
Ralph held her delicate hand tightly, like a piece of warm, flawless jade. His emotions surged within his heart as he tried hard to calm them down.
Under everyone's watchful eyes, the two stepped onto the dance floor, looking like a perfectly matched couple.
Jason's expression could not be more pained, as if he were mourning the death of a loved one.
###chapter1857
Everyone was utterly stunned!
Whoever came tonight knew this party was specifically arranged for Jason and Carrie. In reality, they were all just there to act as a backdrop.
But now, Ralph has brazenly intercepted Jason's fiancée. What's worse was that Carrie unhesitatingly chose Ralph over Jason when both men simultaneously invited her to dance.
In terms of wealth, family background, and appearance, choosing Ralph was entirely reasonable. However, the Salvador and Solloway families were already discussing marriage prospects. This decision was a public slap in the face for the Solloway family.
Under the radiant crystal chandelier, Ralph stared straight into Carrie's clear, sparkling eyes. The people around them were dancing gracefully, but the two of them stood motionless like wooden posts.
If this continued, everyone would start laughing at them.
Carrie blinked and asked softly. "Um, Ralph, are we dancing?"
Drenched in cold sweat, Ralph swallowed hard and mumbled. "I... Can't dance."
In the heat of the moment, he had not thought of anything else but to prevent Jason from touching the girl he liked. But Ralph forgot that, while he was excellent at solving criminal cases, his dancing skills were absolutely pathetic.
Carrie was momentarily surprised, she said while smiling. "It's okay, I'll teach you."
"Just a few steps is fine."
"No, we need to dance properly." Carrie's expression turned serious, like that of a strict teacher. "I... I don't want you to be embarrassed."
Ralph brushed it off and said with a slight smile, "I'm not involved in the business or political world. Once we leave here, I might never see these people again in my life. There's nothing to be embarrassed about."
Carrie lowered her eyes and shook
her head, her eyes reddening. "I know you came to help me out. know I've already become your trouble. I don't want to caus@you
any more trouble..." 
"It would be a dream come true to have you as my 'little trouble' every day," Ralph said with fiery, passionate eyes. The truth hidden in his heart slipped out.
Carrie took a breath and pursed her rosy lips. "Ralph, let's dance. Put your right hand on my shoulder."
"Okay." Ralph obediently followed.
When his palm touched her soft and thin shoulder, his mind went blank, and his heart was pounding.
At that moment, Carrie placed her left hand on his muscular upper arm.
Suddenly, Ralph seemed to have an epiphany. He took the initiative to clasp her soft fingers with his calloused hand.
Carrie was taken by surprise. "Ralph, you do know how to dance!"
"I've never danced, but I've seen people do it." With that, Ralph started moving, twirling her lightly.
In terms of dancing, they did not dance very well, as they failed to keep up with the rhythm. Ralph nearly stepped on Carrie's foot. several times. Yet, their genuine
interaction captured everyone's
astonished gaze. 
One was handsome, while the other was beautiful. They looked perfect together. Who cared how they danced?
As Gregory watched his daughter and Ralph dance, his eyes were bulging in shock. He nearly crushed the glass in his hand.
"Chairman Salvador!" Unable to bear
it any longer, Jason rushed over, his face flushed with suppressed rage, teetering on the edge of an outburst. "Carrie is my fiancée! We're officially getting engaged next month!"
###chapter1858
Jason complained, "How could she dance with another man in front of everyone? What does she take me for?"
Gregory frowned in displeasure and said coldly, "Don't speak nonsense. It was Ralph who forcibly took my daughter to dance. How can you blame my daughter? Shouldn't you blame yourself for hesitating? When the dance started, why were you not by Carrie's side? You were giving others the opportunity to dance with her."
"What are you talking about? I went over first!" Jason was shaking with rage. "It was your daughter who took Ralph's hand right in front of me! Do you think I'm blind?"
Jason's voice raised slightly, drawing the attention of nearby guests. Fortunately, the loud music drowned out his barking.
Gregory's face turned cold as ice. His sharp gaze caused Jason's heart to freeze. At that moment, he realized how terrifying Chairman Salvador could be and how oppressive his presence was.
Justin was already fearsome enough. As his father, Gregory would not be any less formidable.
Jason stood frozen in place, unsure of what to do, when Mayor Solloway hurried over.
"Jason! Chairman Salvador is our honored guest and your elder! How can you speak to him like that?"
"Dad! I..."
Jason saw his father giving him a meaningful look, and he suddenly understood. After the two families confirmed their relationship, his father called Gregory "in-law" in private to seem closer. Now, he was calling him Chairman, which sounded like he was drawing a line.
"Mayor Solloway, your son has truly opened my eyes tonight."
Gregory's icy gaze swept over Jason's pale face as he slowly stood up. "I have never seen someone who wants to marry one's daughter dare to speak to his future father-in-law this way. One day, I should really thank Ralph for giving me the chance to see this."
"Chairman Salvador! You misunderstand! Jason didn't mean it!"
Before Mayor Solloway could finish speaking, Gregory strode away without a care.
"You, wait for me here!" Mayor Solloway glared at Jason angrily before he hurried after Gregory ignoring the guests' gazes. Jason was left standing there, his face. twisted with anger. 
The banquet ended, and the guests began to leave. Carrie walked toward the Salvador family's luxury sedan, with Paul accompanying her.
Paul spoke gently. "Ms. Carrie,
Chairman Salvador had something urgent to attend to, so he returned to
the Tideview Manor first. I will escort you back." 
"Is my father angry with me for dancing with Ralph?" Carrie asked hesitantly, her delicate brows furrowed.
Paul had witnessed the entire event and responded softly, "Not at all. Please don't overthink it."
"Carrie."
Carrie stopped and saw Mila and Ralph walking toward her. She quickly greeted them politely. "Hello, Madam Mila." "What a beautiful child! I like her more and more," Mila said, holding and stroking Carrie's hand with a wide smile.
As an observant person, Paul could tell that Mila was not just being polite and genuinely liked Carrie.
This was in stark contrast to Mrs. Solloway's fake kindness toward Carrie. After all, Mrs. Solloway did. not hide the disdain in her eyes. If it were not for the Salvador family's wealth, that woman would not have looked favorably upon Carrie at all. 
###chapter1859
"Thank you for the compliment, Madam Mila," Carrie said, blushing.
Ralph stood silently behind his mother. His intense gaze was fixed on Carrie, never wavering for a moment.
With a warm smile, Mila took off the gleaming emerald bracelet from her left wrist and slipped it onto Carrie's delicate wrist without hesitation.
"I came in a rush and didn't prepare much. I hope you won't dislike this small gift, Ms. Carrie."
Carrie was not the only one stunned, even Paul was taken aback. The imperial green emerald bracelet was worth millions of dollars, yet Mila gave it to Carrie so casually. Such generosity! Even he was tempted!
"No, Madam Mila, this is too precious. I can't accept it," Carrie said, trying to remove it, but Mila stopped her.
"Ah, a gift from an elder should never be refused. Besides, we Thompsons never take back our gifts. If you don't accept it, it would really hurt my feelings."
"Then, thank you," Carrie said, blushing with embarrassment. Her careful way of holding her wrist amused Mila.
Mila suddenly understood why her son liked Carrie so much. This girl was simple, sincere, and adorable.
As they were about to leave, Ralph could not hold back any longer and spoke in a hoarse voice, "Carrie."
Carrie quietly met his gaze, her bright eyes shining.
"I didn't come tonight to rescue you," Ralph confessed, his heart pounding as he confessed to her quickly. "I just missed you and wanted to see you." Before the stunned Carrie could react, Ralph quickly got into the car, which sped away from the scene.
"Pfft..."The usually serious Paul burst into laughter.
"Uncle Paul, what's so funny?" Carrie asked, puzzled.
Paul suppressed his laughter. "Young Master Ralph is quite interesting."
On the way back, in the dimly lit car, Ralph's cheeks were flushed red.
"Son, you have good taste." Mila sighed softly, patting his shoulder. "But, unfortunately, Ryan got there before you."
set
"Ryan fell for Carrie long ago and made many sacrifices for her. This is something that I cannot compare to," Ralph said hoarsely, his brows furrowed. 
"But in the end, they broke up. Pursuing Ms. Carrie now isn't considered taking advantage of the situation right?" Mila was also conflicted but still rooted for her lovelorn son. "Son, you have spent your life for others. This time, be selfish and fight for yourself, okay?" 
Ralph did not know how to respond. He quietly took out his phone and sent a message to Bella.
[Bella, I think my feelings for Carrie are more than just liking her.]
Taking a deep breath, he sent another message.
[Do you believe that what I feel for her is love?]
Bella's reply came without hesitation. [I do.]
[When I went after Justin, he was the unattainable light of my life, yet every day I felt like I loved him a little more than the day before. Ralph, Carrie has the freedom to choose. But you also have the right to pursue your love. Don't leave with any regrets.] 
###chapter1860
Late that night, Mayor Solloway summoned Jason and Mrs. Solloway to the study.
"What?! Cancel the engagement?!" Mrs. Solloway exclaimed, "Percy Solloway, are you joking?! The news has already spread. The ladies in our circle know that Jason is marrying the heiress of the Salvador family and are all trying to curry favor with me. I have received countless gifts in private! Now, with the good news about to come, you tell me the marriage is off? How am I supposed to face those ladies?!" "Dad! What happened? Why call off the engagement?!"
Thinking of tonight's humiliation, Jason gritted his teeth in anger. "Carrie took Ralph's hand and danced with him right in front of me. That was already embarrassing enough. Now you want to cancel the engagement? My reputation will be ruined!"
Jason thought, 'Did Zoe not say that woman was a fool? How was she foolish? She dared to flirt and be affectionate with another man right in front of her fiancé! That promiscuous woman! I should marry her just to torment her daily. How dare she make a fool of me!'
Mayor Solloway suddenly declared impatiently, "If sacrificing your reputation for my future is what it takes, then your worthless pride is not worth keeping!"
"What are you saying?!" Both the mother and son were stunned.
"Tonight, did neither of you notice that Young Master Ralph has taken a liking to that fool?" Mayor Solloway sipped his tea, feeling pleased with his plan. "Madam Mila approached me privately and asked me to give up this marriage. If I agreed to let Carrie marry her son, she would support my election next year. Chairman Thompson is aware of this too. If I refuse, KS Group will support my rival. Given the options, won't you do the same if you were in my place?"
Jason bit his lip in frustration, and Mrs. Solloway was speechless.
"This is a beneficial deal for us!" Mayor Solloway said, leaning back on the sofa with his legs crossed. He instantly transformed from a high-ranking government official to a rogue. "First, my son will not have to marry that fool and suffer while I can still get what I want without needing favors from the Salvador family. I don't need to deal with Gregory's mood. Second, I will secure my campaign funds and can even attach ourselves to the Thompson family. Is this not a win-win situation?"
Jason protested. "Dad, are you thinking too simply? The Thompson family is not easy to deal with. In my opinion, Wyatt is harder to handle than Gregory!"
Mayor Solloway dismissed his concern. "Wyatt's severe illness is public information by now. He has already gone abroad for treatment and likely has only a few years left. Why should I fear him?"
"Nowadays, the CEO of KS Group is
his daughter, Bella. In my opinion,
she is more terrifying than her father!" Influenced by Zoe, Jason reddened at the mention of Bella. "You may be able to handle Gregory, but can you contend with Betta? She is the real power in the Thompson family now. Besides, don't forget that Justin Salvador is also backing her!" 
Mayor Solloway erupted in anger, jumping up and pointing at his son. "Do you think if Madam Mila had not approached me about this tonight, you could have become Gregory Salvador's son-in-law?! Look at your pathetic behavior tonight! How many times have I taught you to be composed and dignified, even if it is an act?! Yet, you lost your temper in front of so many people. Do you think your father is so powerful to contend with the Salvador family?!" 
"I..." Jason was speechless. Initially, he was marrying Carrie just to please Zoe. He did not like Carrie, and it was all an act. But seeing Carrie dance intimately with Ralph, he felt a gnawing pain in his heart. It was as if they were already married, and he had been publicly cuckolded. 
"Let me tell you, Gregory's impression of you is already ruined. He is famously petty. Even if I don't speak up, he will not let his daughter marry you." Mayor Solloway shook his head in disappointment. "You have no chance of marrying into a wealthy family. Forget it!"
The next day.
After attending an event, Gregory had some free time on the way back and asked Paul about last night's situation. Paul reported everything, including Mila's gift and Ralph's confession. "Chairman Salvador, Madam Mila is really generous. That bracelet was worth more than $10 million."
Paul could not help but speak favorably about the Thompson family. "Compared to them, the Solloway family is nothing. Jason was supposed to be engaged to Ms. Carrie, yet the Solloways have not shown any appreciation. The difference is clear."
Gregory frowned and said stubbornly, "Did a bracelet buy you off? Such things mean nothing to the Thompson family. Wyatt probably has a truckload of them."
###chapter1861
"Though I have to say, Jason Solloway doesn't hold a candle to Mr. Ralph." Paul sneered, "I can't believe Jason fussed about you last night. God knows what has gotten into him." Gregory scowled at the mention of the incident.
"Chairman Salvador, Mr. Ralph seems to have feelings for Ms. Carrie. Maybe it's best to call off the wedding with the Solloways and marry her to the Thompsons. Mr. Justin would probably be happy about the arrangement too."
"My son wants to marry that Thompson girl, and now my daughter could end up with Ralph. Are my choices only limited to the Thompson family?" Gregory slammed the armchair. Paul kept to himself.
Gregory looked out the window in frustration.
Putting aside his differences and personal biases, Gregory believed Mila's son was a better man than Jason.
Heck, Ralph was even superior to Ryan.
Gregory understood that Jason did not have feelings for Carrie. The idea of marriage only came from his parents. However, the look on Ralph's face when he saw Carrie fooled no one. Ralph cared about Carrie.
If only Ralph did not belong to the Thompson family...
Amid his thoughts, his phone rang. It was Nigel.
Feeling annoyed, Gregory let the phone ring for a bit before picking up. "Yes, Dad?"
"Do you have a moment?"
Gregory asked, "What's this about?"
"The Solloways want out of the marriage."
With his heart sinking to his stomach, Gregory raised his voice. "What did you say?"
"Ha, Percy Solloway probably felt too ashamed to see you. He got in touch
with Matt to
to see him, bet me. I didn't want
I needed to talk
about one thing." Nigel chuckled. "At least the Solloways know their place. They knew they didn't deserve my precious granddaughter and b out. You have poor taste, son."
Gregory grimaced.
Something was not right.
Mila barged into the Solloways' party last night with her son. Ralph's dance with Carrie upset Jason, and he started showering Carrie with attention. Then, the Solloways called off the wedding.
Gregory could not shake off the feeling that everything was going according to the Thompsons' plan.
Night fell at the spa hotel.
"Uh, that's too rough. You're going to kill me."
That night, Jason climbed on top of Zoe and put her in many positions she would never have dreamed of before, making her scream.
Despite Zoe's tirade, she went with the motion.
By the third go, Zoe and Jason had collapsed in bed without the energy to move.
"Goddamnit. You nearly tore me apart! What's going on with you?" Instead of cleaning herself, Zoe shoved him. "What's up with you today? What happened?"
Jason stared at the ceiling with an ashen face. A while later, he said resentfully, "My marriage with Carrie went south."
"What? Why?" Zoe's eyes popped open.
"Everything was falling into place, but during last night's event, Madam Mila barged in with her son, coercing my father to drop the wedding and give Carrie up to her son." 
Jason clutched the bed sheet
indignantly, his eyes bloodshot. et
underestimated Carrie. She lied to
me. Dcan't believe she didn't tell me she has another man." 
###chapter1862
Zoe widened her eyes at Jason.
Jason's face was tainted red with rage because of Carrie.
Zoe had a feeling that Jason's attitude toward Carrie was changing. He used to speak of Carrie in disdain, but now he looked like he was sulking in jealousy.
"No... I can't just let the whole thing go."
Jason's veins along his head bulged. "Carrie was supposed to marry me. She has to be mine! No one can take her away from me."
Zoe spread her legs and straddled Jason, whipping two slaps across his cheeks.
"Zoe, w-what are you doing?" Jason was caught off guard.
"I can't believe you, Jason! Didn't you say that I was the only one for you? Didn't you say you'd always love me?"
With rage in her eyes, Zoe put her hands on his neck and squeezed hard to strangle him. "But all signs are pointing to you falling for that dummy! Tell me! Are you into Carrie?"
"N-No, Zoe. I am not! I only wanted to marry her to give her a hard time. I was only doing it for you." Jason wrapped his arms around her waist and dropped his jaw wide as the suffocation closed in on him. Yet the feeling gave him a thrill.
"I'm warning you, Jason."
Zoe leaned down, smacked his face, and threatened through gritted teeth, "The Hoffmans have ties to the underworld. We have ways to finish off a man without anyone noticing. If you dare to betray me, I'll show you the gates of hell in more ways than one. You hear me?"
Jason shuddered. Still, his mind flew back to the lithe figure in Ralph's arms from the banquet.
He clenched his fists in secret.
Just then, Zoe's phone rang, and it was from an unknown number.
She got up and put on a robe before taking the call peevishly.
"Who is this?"
Silence ensued on the other end of the line.
"Are you going to talk, or are you mute?"
"You seem to be enjoying life, Zoe."
Zoe's heart sank at the sound of Bethany's hoarse voice. "Bethany? Weren't you-"
"Haha. Do you really think my life ended when Justin sent me abroad? Did you think I would never come back?" Bethany smiled menacingly. "I should thank my lucky stars that I'm back."
Zoe clutched her bathrobe with shaky hands.
"I gave you the medical report that ruined the marriage between Ryan and Carrie. Once the jig was up, you managed to get away unscathed while I took the brunt of it all. Did you think I'd roll over and take it?"
Zoe made a face. She knew how
met
extensive Justin's and Bella's connections and influence were. Bethany could not possibly make her way back to the country without help. However, that was the least of Zoe's concerns. 
She asked in a chilling voice, "What do you want?"
Bethany laughed maniacally. "Well,
nice guys
finish last. I had been too kind before..I should've gotten thugs to gang-rape Carrie. I should've gotten her killed and chopped into a million pieces. Ryan, Justin, and the Thompson bitch should suffer in regret for the rest of their lives."
Zoe felt her stomach churning, as Bethany had clearly lost it. Zoe said, "You are heading in the right direction, but why bother coming back if you're here for murder? Is prison your goal?"
"You're right. Iwas only talking out
of spite just now. I have my plans." Bethany ceased laughing and said curtly, "I'm back for revenge. I want Carrie to suffer as much as I did. We should work together again, partner. But this will be the last time." 
Zoe furrowed her brows.
The Soloways' decision to back out of the marriage caused her plan to fall through.
Yet now, Bethany did not seem right in the mind.
If the plan were executed right, Zoe would find the solution to all her problems. However, if Bethany did not rein in, the plan could blow up in Zoe's face.
Amid Zoe's hesitation, a call from her mother came in.
###chapter1863
Zoe steadied her breathing. "I have another call to take. I'll contact you once I get a plan sorted out."
After hanging up on Bethany, Zoe took the call from her mother. Her sweet voice was unlike how she had spoken to Bethany. "Hi, Mom." Claire sighed and stammered, "Zoe, you're coming with me to visit Liam at the hospital tomorrow. Your grandfather will be there too." "Uncle Liam is in the hospital?"
"Ryan wounded Liam and broke his arm. Liam's arm is never going to recover. He has been out of it in the past few days. Things aren't looking good for him. I didn't want to scare you, so I didn't tell you about him."
"What? Ryan..." Zoe was stunned.
She was not concerned about Liam's well-being. Her focus was entirely on herself.
Ryan was out for blood this time.
Knowing Ryan, Zoe knew that Liam was only the start of his vengeance. Ryan would not stop at merely putting Liam in the hospital.
It was plain to see that the price to pay was huge for hurting Carrie.
"Ryan has changed, Zoe. He's ruthless now." Worried for her daughter, Claire persuaded her. "I know you've been through a lot. Ryan has been awful to you, but he's in charge of the family business. You're not doing yourself any favors by opposing him. Listen to me. Don't make things difficult for Carrie. Once this blows over, I'll immigrate with you to Inalia. We don't have to come back to Savrow anymore. Okay?"
Bella and Justin popped open a bottle of expensive red wine upon learning that the Solloways had broken off the engagement with Carrie.
Sitting behind the bar counter, Bella, dressed in Justin's white shirt, dangled her feet and clinked glasses with Justin.
"That's one battle won, Mr. Salvador. We can sleep easy tonight." Bella's cheeks were rosy, and her eyes were deep with unspoken intensity.
Justin propped one arm on the counter while pulling her into his embrace. His eyes were brewing with desire. In the end, he gave in to his wish and kissed her lips.
After moments of locking lips, Bella melted in his arms and tipped her glass, staining the red liquid on the man's shirt. The wine dripped down along her long legs and onto the floor.
"Are you sure you are going to sleep easy tonight?" Justin grazed his thumb along her stained lips, his voice raspy.
Red in the face, Bella teased him. "You have been slammed with work lately. You're not getting any younger. Are you sure you can handle a long night?"
"I think even at eighty, I can still handle more than the average Joe." Justin curled his lips and nuzzled up against her face.
Jokes aside, Bella put on a serious
countenance, "On a more serious note, Aunt Mita told Wyatt about Ralph's feelings for Carrie. Ash called today and told me that Wyatt was too excited to sleep last night. He informed Quentin first thing in the morning to get some gifts. He wanted to fly back to see Nigel and discuss Ralph's and Carrie's wedding." 
Justin was shocked.
He knew once word got to Wyatt, the latter would take the whole thing seriously, even if it was just for show.
Justin had learned a long time ago that Wyatt would do anything to get his sons married.
Heck, Wyatt took four wives for himself. He was capable of anything.
"Well, I don't mind having Carrie as part of the family. I just don't know how you feel about your sister becoming your sister-in-law too," Bella said cheekily as she narrowed her eyes. 
"Carrie's happiness matters more than anything, but..." Justin hid his emotions behind his eyes. "I hope Ryan gets another chance. They had gone through a lot together."
"I know. That's why I told Ash to stop Wyatt." Bella knew Justin like the back of her hand. Justin smiled in relief. He was about to seal her lips when someone knocked on the door. "Ms. Bella, can I have a word with you and Mr. Salvador? I have news from Meridan." Bella did not expect Steven to report about work to her at all.
Justin draped his jacket over her before heading over to open the door for Steven.
"Ms. Bella, Mr. Salvador, I hope I'm not intruding on anything." Steven noticed the couple's flushed faces. He had been there, so he knew what had happened in the room.
"Not at all. We should get back to the important matters." Justin kneeled on one knee before Bella, buttoning up the jacket to save Bella's modesty.
"As you expected, Bethany went to
the hospital for a medical
examination, Ms. Bella. We got a sample of her blood and ran DNA tests there and here just to be sure." Steven took a deep breath and handed the medical report to them with a fervent look. "Bethany and Gregory are not related in any way." 
###chapter1864
"What?"
"Really?"
Justin and Bella exclaimed in unison. From their reaction alone, they were made for each other.
Steven took a gulp, his throat still dry from running all the way there. "It's true. I had the paternity test done by Dr. Larson in Meridan just to be sure. The test in Savrow was performed in one of the Thompsons' hospitals, and I kept an eye throughout the process."
Justin's lashes cast a grimacing shadow below his eyes as his gaze scoured the test results.
Gregory and Bethany were unrelated.
Bella was the only one calm amid the bustle.
The result of the paternity test only confirmed her long-time suspicion.
Bethany's character, looks, and personality planted a seed of doubt in Bella a long time ago. Now, the truth was out.
"Did Arnold say anything when you asked him to do the test, Steve?"
"He did."
Steven was caught between emotions just thinking about the incident. "He asked if Wyatt's three wives had another child, and Wyatt wanted to do a paternity test in secret to be sure. Dr. Larson promised to bring the secret to his grave."
Bella had a face-palm moment. Arnold's intention was not to bring the secret to his grave. He simply wanted in on the gossip.
"Apart from Arnold, don't let anyone else know about this, Steve."
Steven scratched his head in distress. "Um... Dr. Larson told Mr. Asher right away. He knows about it too."
Bella's lips twitched. "Fine. Arnold and Ash are a couple, but that's where the information should stop. Got it?"
Steven nodded his head.
Bella suddenly felt a chilly presence.
She looked up and saw Justin's stoic expression and rage in his eyes.
"Justin? Are you alright?" Bella softened her voice.
Justin threw the scrunched medical report on the table, his eyes emotionless. "I'm fine. I just find it absurd. just thought of my mother, Bella. Shannon showed up at the family residence more than two decades ago, looking very pregnant. That memory just flickered past my mind." 
Feeling for Justin, Bella reached out and held his cold hand. "I know how you feel."
"Gregory did a paternity test a day after Shannon gave birth to Bethany. The test result showed that they were father and daughter. It was clear that all departments were in on it with Shannon. It is a lot easier to forge the result of a paternity test twenty years ago."
Steven felt disturbed too. Shannon was the same hateful woman now and then.
"Yeah. She was dead set on finding riches the easy way. Nothing could stop her. I just can't believe Gregory never suspected Shannon and Bethany, even after spending day in and day out with a child who doesn't look a thing like him."
Bella glowered in disbelief. "When I was younger, I heard Wyatt and Ash talking about Gregory, who was wise and competent when handling business. Shannon is a social climber with nothing to show for. Surely, your father would've suspected something."
"Gregory and Grandpa were busy
fighting about the business when Shannon insisted on getting a place in the family Grandpa's disapproval only fueled Gregory to do the opposite. That's not the only thing. He and my mother were drifting apart, and Shannon took advantage of that. Gregory is a proud man, and Shannon pretended to be okay with everything. He believed a woman of humble beginning wouldn't do anything to a man of power like him." 
Justin kept his head down, his voice laced with mockery. "But Gregory could possibly love Shannon too much. He didn't even know that woman had killed my mother. Why would he look into Bethany's birth?"
The air was thick with tension in the cellar.
"Ha. To be honest..." Bella smirked. "I hope Shannon is Gregory's one true love. That way, his world would crumble the moment he learned the truth about everything."
"I had always hoped that Gregory's
feelings for my mother were real, even if they were just briefly. I couldn't bear the thought of my
mother loving a heartless man net
Justin smiled liberatingly. "But now, I wish Gregory never loved her. The man did not deserve to love her." 
Bella rose to her feet, getting on her tiptoes to peck the corner of his lips. "Your love is enough for her."
As the warmth of his hands chained around her waist deepened, Justin responded to her kiss.
Regardless of the time and place, Justin would always respond to Bella.
Steven asked, "How are you planning to use this trump card?"
The ringing of Justin's phone cut off Steven's words.
"lan."
"This is bad, Mr. Salvador. We lost sight of Bethany."
###chapter1865
"You can't even get this right. There goes your bonus." Justin raised his brow.
Bella pulled herself together. "Easy there, lan. What's this about?"
"After Bethany left the hospital the other day, I continued to have eyes on her. Our people watched her get into a white Bentley, and she was in there for a long time."
Bella's heart sank, and she felt unsettled.
Justin asked in an icy voice, "Where did the car take her to?"
"The Bentley didn't go anywhere. It stayed parked for a while and dropped her back to her rented place. Bethany did not go out for the next three days, not even to dump her trash. Our people sensed something wasn't right and broke into the place, only to find that she was missing. She didn't even pack a bag."
Bella asked, "What about her passport?"
"She didn't take any of her personal documents. Somehow, she disappeared out of thin air."
lan's whimpers were clear in his tone. "I have eyes on the airport. She doesn't have money or her passport. Where could she go? She can't possibly smuggle somewhere."
"You must have taken down the white Bentley's license plate, lan. Send the license plate to me later. I'll get Asher to look into the owner in Meridan." Bella held Justin's hand tight. "I doubt things are as simple as they look. Someone is helping Bethany escape. I think we should keep a close eye here, in Savrow, for the next few days at least. I suspect Bethany will come back here."
Justin locked fingers with hers. "She's asking for it by coming back."
"Not necessarily." Despite her feelings, Bella kept a clear head and said, "She took nothing with her. It only goes to show that the one who helped her has the power to send her back to Savrow without a passport. Think about it. Who could pull that off in Meridan and would be willing to help Bethany?"
Justin furrowed his brows as emotions brewed in his eyes.
He snapped his head to Bella, only for Bella to get the first word in. "Could it be your brother, Grant?"
Justin's interlocking fingers with Bella's tightened.
The same person occurred to him.
"Maybe Christopher has something to do with it, Ms. Bella. He could manage that too." Steven added another suspect to the list.
Bella shook her head. "Christopher is cunning enough to figure out that we have Bethany on 24-hour surveillance. We know what he's capable of. Even if he tries to butt in, he will do so covertly.
"I believe the individual helping Bethany counts on the fact that we don't know much about them. Even if we do our part in investigating, we can't figure much out. That's the reason we can clear Christopher of suspicion. This leads us to Grant. I have no idea what he is after, but I can't think of anyone else who can pull this off.
"If I were Grant, I wouldn't help Bethany. First of all, Bethany isn't close to Grant, so why would he want to meddle in her business? Secondly, with Shannon out of the picture, Grant will have one less family member to fight for the inheritance."
Justin closed his eyes and took measured breaths to get his act together. "But Bella, I see your point. If Grant is behind this, there's nothing much we can do. The only thing we can do is find Bethany and grill her. We can only go from there."
Bella pursed her lips as the feeling of suffocation washed over her.
Like Justin, Bella did not want to put Grant on the same level as Christopher. Besides, Grant was once Justin's trusted brother and lifesaver.
Justin's life was tainted with enough pain and disappointment.
She hoped that Grant did not let down their trust in him.
The next day, Claire took Zoe to the hospital, bearing gifts.
Tensions ran high in the ward.
Pale in the face, Liam sank his back against the headboard and stared at Claire's and Zoe's faces. His stare carried a spine-tingling malice.
Zoe stared at his hollow right sleeve, cold sweat drenching her expensive dress.
"I can't believe your son, Claire! He is a heartless animal! He's ungrateful!"
Liam's wife, Selena, pulled on
Claire's clothes in tears, ready to start a fight. "Liam is Ryan's uncle! Even if they have their differences, he shouldn't have done what he did. He's better off killing Liam 
Scared stiff, Zoe was caught in her feelings and tried to stop Selena from picking on her mother.
Claire, raised in privilege, had never been in such a situation. Her hair was in a mess as she cried in a fluster. "I-I... Ryan..."
"I don't care! Ryan has to answer to this! He can't carry on being a CEO like nothing ever happened." Selena put on a show, wailing and throwing a fit like she was the best wife to Liam. 
"That's enough. Just shut up!" Logan, who had kept his silence thus far, yelled in rage.
Selena quieted down and stood in a corner, wiping away her tears.
"Dad, I had no idea what Ryan did."
Claire apologized to Liam and Selena in tears. "I'm so sorry, Liam, Selena. I really am. Liam's medical fees-”
"What can an apology do?" Liam grabbed his empty sleeve, his expression grimacing. "Nothing you say or do can change a thing, unless Ryan cuts off his arm to show his remorse!"
"Ryan wounded Liam and took away his shares. Dad, why aren't you doing anything about it? Isn't Liam your son?" Selena questioned Logan.
To everybody's surprise, Logan
hissed through clenched teeth.
"Liam deserves it. I told him not to
touch Carrie, but he was set in his ways and upset Ryan. Liam brought this upon himself, and now you expect me to handle it? Sure, I can Kill Ryan to atone for his sins, but will Liam grow another arm?" 
###chapter1866
Liam's lips quivered, and his face went white in rage.
"What are you saying, Dad? Isn't Liam your son? Ryan is the reason Liam is hospitalized! How is Liam supposed to live the rest of his life? It's bad enough that you won't console or seek justice for him. Why are you putting the blame on him? Are you trying to push your son to take drastic measures?" Selena's eyes widened in disbelief. She stamped her foot frantically.
"Seek justice? How am I supposed to do that? Ryan is now the second-biggest shareholder and the CEO of the Hoffman Group. The board of directors is on his side. Hurting Ryan will only damage the business. As the head of the household and Chairman of the Hoffman Group, shouldn't I look at the bigger picture?"
Liam clutched the bedsheets as rage washed over him.
To Liam, Logan was not looking at the bigger picture. It was clear that Logan intended to sacrifice him.
Logan furrowed his brows in silence for a moment before uttering resolutely, "I have bought you a flight ticket, Liam. You can rest well for a few days. Then, you and your wife can migrate and enjoy a quiet life overseas."
"Migrate?" Liam was dumbstruck. "What's the meaning of this?"
"Things can't go back the way they were after your fight with Ryan. You lost your shares and position in the company. What's the point of staying in Savrow to be the city's laughingstock?"
Logan got up and walked out before Liam could pursue the matter. "You have nothing to fight Ryan with. If you carry on picking a fight with him, he'll be after your life the next time."
Claire and Zoe took the opportunity to leave with Logan.
The clamorous room went quiet.
With Liam losing power, Selena put her finger up his defeated face and taunted. "Hahaha. Even your father has given up on you. You are worth nothing to him. Your family is a bunch of heartless brutes!
"Hahaha. Then again, that's not
entirely true. Your brother, Finn, was the only nice and caring guy in the family. He had your back through and through, but because of you, he passed before his time." 
"Shut the fuck up!" As her words struck a nerve in him, Liam's veins bulged.
Selena, his wife, knew too many of his secrets.
With a scoff, Selena pulled out a
vel?
document from her expensive leather bag and threw it on the bed "Sign the divorce papers as soon as possible. You will meet my requirements listed, or the secret you kept hidden for more than a decade will see the light of day." 
Selena, with disgust visible in her eyes, walked away without looking back.
Lying in the empty ward, Liam fell into a hysterical frenzy after facing abandonment and divorce. He screamed out loud and smashed everything in sight. 
He then dialed Zoe's number.
Zoe terminated Liam's incoming call, only to receive a threatening message.
Unable to hide from this confrontation, Zoe gave an excuse to get out of the car and promptly returned to the hospital.
"Uncle Liam, what do you need?" Zoe asked with a stiff smile.
"Your composure is remarkable, Zoe. Even in my state, you have the nerve to smile."
###chapter1867
Liam stared at Zoe with a fake smile, his eyes laced with malice. "Your idea cost me my arm. Why should I be miserable while you back out of everything unharmed? It's unfair, don't you think?" "Uncle Liam, what more can you do about this?" Zoe cleared herself of any involvement. "You distributed Carrie's medical report at the board meeting, and you had Carrie locked up. I did not participate in any of this. It's all talk. You don't have proof that the medical report came from me. I'm sorry to disappoint, but you have nothing on me."
"Really?"
Liam burst out laughing, his guffaws making Zoe's hair stand. "Do you think no one knows what you did, Zoe? I hope you didn't forget that you gathered bullies to pick on Carrie back in school." Zoe went pale, her heart beating fast. "W-What are you talking about? Who picked on her?"
"Haha... I'm not foolish enough to take your word for it. I needed some leverage too." Liam said with a wicked smile, "I have witnesses and video evidence to prove your bullying. You contributed largely to Carrie's present mental state."
Zoe's heart thumped out of her heart as beads of sweat rolled off her forehead.
Carrie's bullies were a group of six. Including Jason, there were two women and four men involved.
One of them must have kept a video of Zoe hurting Carrie and had to hand the evidence over when Liam threatened them. Now, Liam was using the video against Zoe.
"What if I hand the evidence to
Ryan?
Rana. Do you want to quest
?
brother would do to you
when that happens, Zoe?" 
Liam's eyes spoke of menace. "Wilk he cut off your right arm or your left one? Tsk. That would be a shame. My dear niece won't be able to play the piano ever again." en.swno
"That's enough! What do you want?" Zoe yelled in fury.
"I want you to avenge me." Liam's eyes were bloodshot with lunacy. "I want Ryan to wish he was dead."
Out of the hospital, Zoe anxiously bit her fingers with a pale face. Her nails were almost completely chewed off.
She could not shake off the
thoughts of Liam's hollow sleeve
She was afraid Ryan would kill her
upon learning of her past bullying of Carrie. 
Struck by a thought, Zoe pulled out her phone and called another lunatic-Bethany.
"Hello? Where are you? We should meet."
Zoe raised her brow grimacingly. The right tool would only make things easy for her.
###chapter1868
Bethany successfully made it back to Savrow with the help of Ms. Gold. Like a criminal on the run, Bethany took shelter in a small house on the outskirts of the city. She stayed close in the neighborhood to buy daily essentials, never wandering off too far.
She could not opt for hotels and motels in case Justin's people would catch her the moment she showed up in the city.
Living in hiding only fueled Bethany's resentment. She was eager to get revenge and change her current circumstances.
That night, Bethany invited Zoe to meet at a quiet cafe in the suburbs.
Getting her order of coffee, Zoe took one whiff and pushed the cup away in disgust.
"What is this? Pee? Is this drinkable?"
Bethany drank without any qualms. "It's Luwak coffee."
"Yeah, right. I can tell if it's Luwak. This is just shit." Zoe took digs. "Ha. You're different, for sure, Ms. Salvador. You can even consume something so vile. You sure adapt well."
"It's interesting to experience the life of a commoner." Bethany took another sip with a blank face.
When Zoe's phone rang, she got up and took the call outside.
Hiding malice in her eyes, Bethany broke the skin of her finger with a bite and dropped her blood, which was tainted with HIV, into Zoe's coffee.
She stirred the coffee with a spoon and laughed to herself menacingly.
By then, Zoe had returned.
"I know I'm asking for a lot to have you drink this, Zoe." Bethany made a sad face and pleaded. "Just take one sip for me."
Zoe was pleased with the humble attitude of the former glorified heiress.
Since she was thirsty, she took a big gulp without questioning.
Bethany had to stop herself from smiling broadly. Still, she could not hold back the laughter in her mind.
"Let's just cut to the chase. Like you suggested before, I agree to a partnership." Zoe gracefully put down her cup and got to the point.
"But have you come up with any plans? After the last time, they would tighten the security around the dummy. Do you have a chance to get to her?"
"I heard that Ralph Thompson is pursuing Carrie."
Zoe sneered, "Since Bella, that bitch, is on board, your grandfather will agree to the marriage. Even your dad can't stop the wedding. Surely, they will go on dates if Ralph is into her. They will be out alone. I bet there will be opportunities to get to her then."
"Aren't you being too optimistic? The Thompsons are more than they appear. Bella's brothers are tough fighters." Wiser than before, Bethany had more tricks up her sleeve. "Ralph is a police officer. You're delusional to think you can kidnap someone under a police captain's nose."
"Just leave it to me. I have help." Zoe raised her brow, acting all high and mighty.
Bethany frowned. "Help? From who?"
Zoe curled her finger and gestured for Bethany to come closer before uttering, "From a mister."
Concerned about Ryan, Justin made time to visit him.
In the CEO's office of the Hoffman Group, Ryan put aside his paperwork and swallowed the pills from Dean.
"Why are you taking so many pills, Ryan? Has your stomach issue gotten worse?" Justin's brows were tied in a knot.
"I'm fine. I'll be better after taking my medications and resting."
Ryan was too drained to have a long conversation with his best buddy.
Justin looked worried. "Rest? Did you have any? Dean told me that you hadn't had much sleep in the last few days. You have been keeping busy at work. Are you trying to tire yourself to death?" 
Ryan gave Dean the side eye.
Dean backed away with his head hung low, knowing he said too much to Justin.
"Yes, Mr. Salvador." Ryan smiled for once.
"Don't put yourself through this, Ryan. Your health matters more than anything. You have nothing without good health."
"I'm not torturing myself. I just can't
sleep." Ryan clutched his pen shakily, his eyes losing light. "Get me something, Justin. I have insomnia. I should be able to sleep with a bit of help get what you mean. I want to have a good night's rest too." 
Justin balled his fists, his heart going out to Ryan.
He could not give him medicine, but reliance was a hard habit to kick.
Then came a knock on the door, and Yasmin entered the office in a hurry.
"Selena asked for a divorce from Liam yesterday, Mr. Hoffman. I sought Selena's divorce attorney, and with a bit of talking, I got the draft of their divorce papers. Take a look."
Yasmin handed Ryan a printed copy of the divorce papers. Justin got up and looked at the document with Ryan.
"Ha. Selena sure is asking for a lot. She wants to leave Liam with nothing at all." Ryan curled his lips.
Justin scanned the papers carefully
and said, "She is asking for a lot.
Liam is the type to cling to his wealth. He can't possibly agree to her terms. That's unless Selena has something on him. She has enough leverage on him to demand a lot for the divorce." 
"Leverage?" Ryan fell into contemplation, and his eyes soon popped wide open. He grabbed Justin's arm. "Maybe she knows that my father's death is linked to Liam."
###chapter1869
Justin gently patted Ryan's bulging arm to calm him down.
"I know you have been looking into your father's death for years. The biggest suspect on your list has always been Liam, but there hasn't been any proof. Now that Selena is asking for a divorce tied to many conditions, she must have a fatal hold over Liam. Even if Liam has nothing to do with your father's death, what she has must be enough to make him spend the rest of his life in prison."
"It has to be Liam. I can't think of anyone else other than him." Ryan mused over his father's death, and the pain ripped his heart apart, his eyes turning red.
"He and my father traveled to South City for business. The aircraft had a gearbox malfunction over the ocean and propelled into the waters, plunging deep into the sea. Though my father wore a life jacket, the sinking happened too quickly, and the closed cabin sealed his escape. In the end, he and three other company executives, as well as the captain, lost their lives. Liam was the only one who survived the disaster."
Justin pressed his lips together.
"Do you believe in such coincidences? Why was Liam the only one who had a lucky escape?"
Ryan slammed his palm on the table heart-wrenchingly. "My father had worked all his time for the Hoffman Group, and he was passionate about charity, turning the family business into a legitimate one. Why would God take the life of an outstanding, diligent, and kind man? I doubt God would be so cruel."
Justin grew solemn. "No one but Liam survived the ordeal. It is strange."
"I know, right? It's not like Liam was God." Dean was furious.
"Liam was only able to get out of the cabin because he had a special hammer to break windows with him. He broke the window and swam to the surface." Yasmin's gruff voice carried a tinge of resentment. "After the incident, Liam explained that he had the habit of keeping this specific tool with him and argued that he was not a good swimmer to save Mr. Finn too. Apparently, none of them would have survived if he had gone to save them. No one would believe that horrible excuse. Liam held sway in the business and took advantage of Mr. Hoffman because he was young and without anyone to rely on."
Justin fell silent for a moment and took a deep breath before uttering, "Even if Liam seems guilty, the incident happened too long ago, and we don't have proof to pin it on him. My mother's case is an example. If Linny had not recorded Shannon's confession in hiding, and if we hadn't found the maid who once served my mother to testify, I wouldn't have avenged my mother."
Ryan gritted his teeth, his eyes bearing bitterness.
"But Selena could be my breakthrough."
Justin frowned. "She must know a lot of Liam's secrets as his wife."
"I heard Old Master Logan has gotten everything ready for Liam to migrate overseas. He won't be allowed back in Savrow. Clearly, Old Master Logan is giving up on Liam." Yasmin added in ponder. "Liam is no longer a threat since he is banished from the family without power or money. Plus, he's a cripple now. No wonder Selena would ask him for a divorce." 
"The divorce could be our chance." Justin narrowed his eyes, his gaze piercing. "Once she's without the influence of the Hoffman Group and Liam, it will be easy to manipulate her" 
Ryan nodded in agreement.
Dean was impressed and scared as Justin turned out to be quite devious.
No one other than Bella could rise above Justin.
Ryan commanded in an icy voice, "Keep an eye on Selena, Dean. Wait until her divorce with Liam goes through and report back to me." "Yes, sir." Dean got down to business.
Justin said, "Brace yourself. She probably won't admit to it."
"I have ways to handle those with
sealed
abouts. Even if she doesn't talk
y father's death, she might
reveal something else."
belongs to tent
Ryan let out a bright smile, like before. "It's getting late. It's been a while since we got together. How about dinner?"
Justin curled his lips. "Sure."
###chapter1870
Justin had a prior engagement with Bella. He was supposed to head home early to try out her new dish.
Since Ryan asked and needed his company, Justin could not say no to him.
The pair arrived at their usual restaurant.
The food and drinks were served in the private room. However, Ryan did not have the appetite. He fiddled with his food and downed one drink after another.
"You have stomach issues. You should refrain from drinking." Justin put his hand over Ryan's glass.
"No one else cares about me apart from you." Ryan flung his back to his seat and laughed.
Justin sounded concerned. “She's not with you, but that doesn't mean she doesn't care about you. Your reckless disregard for yourself will only hurt the people who care about you." Ryan felt a stab in his heart, his trembling fingers nearly dropping his drink. "Is Carrie doing well?"
"I came here to talk to you about this. Carrie will not be marrying Jason Solloway."
"Really? Carrie isn't marrying him anymore?" Ryan's eyes lit up, and life returned to them. "I knew Carrie wouldn't turn her back on me. Her heart belongs to me. She wouldn't marry anyone else." Justin took one long look at him and shook his head. "Gregory set Carrie up with Jason and pressured her to go through with the wedding. Carrie won't and can't defy Gregory. She is only too considerate of others for her own good. Madam Mila and Ralph were the ones who caused that marriage to fall apart.”
"Ralph?" Ryan nearly crushed the glass in his hand.
"You're my best buddy. I don't want to keep things from you. Carrie only got out of the marriage with the Solloways because Bella interfered, and the interference was Ralph."
Justin gave Ryan an account of what happened at the Solloways' party.
"B-But Bella helped Carrie get rid of the Solloways. Madam Mila and Ralph were only putting on a show." Ryan's hopeful gaze fell on Justin's face. "Bella had been there when Carrie and I were together. She supports us, right?"
"Bella came up with this idea to give you and Carrie another shot." Justin swirled the glass in his hand. "But the problem now is that Madam Mila and Ralph are taking the whole thing seriously. That night after the party, Mrs. Mila gave her long-time favorite bracelet to Carrie. It's clear that Madam Mila loves Carrie as a daughter-in-law. That's not the only thing. Chairman Thompson is aware of the matter too. He's flying back from Meridan to get his son hitched with Carrie." 
"Fuck! Are you taking advantage of me because I'm without a father and a mother?" Ryan jolted to his feet in a panic. Justin was taken aback.
Ryan held his burning head. "No... I mean, I have a mother. I mean, they are taking advantage of the fact that I don't have parents to fight for this marriage on my behalf. They are trying to steal my woman! This can't be happening. Jason is gone, but here comes Ralph. At this rate, Carrie is going to be your sister and sister-in-law." 
Ryan took strides out.
"Where are you going?" Justin stopped him.
"I'm going to Madam Mila or to Meridan to meet Chairman Thompson." Ryan heaved heavily as the frustration threatened to take over his sanity. "You guys gave me a fighting chance. I can't miss another shot with Carrie."
"But Carrie broke up with you. Even if Madam Mila wants to set Ralph and Carrie up together, there's nothing you can do about it." Justin furrowed his brows and laid down the facts. "Your problem isn't between Ralph and Carrie. It's between you and Carrie, Ryan." 
###chapter1871
"Bella drove Jason away, but Ralph is in love with Carrie. Even if Ralph is out of the picture, there will be other men. What would you do if Carrie didn't want to be with you? Will you sever all her relationships? Do you want her to never interact with other men, never marry, and cling to those fleeting memories with you for the rest of her life?"
Ryan stood there blankly, feeling as if his heart was being crushed.
"You must understand where the problem with you and Carrie lies." Justin stood up slowly, his gaze intense. "What you must do is not snatch Carrie back or lock her by your side. You should change for her. You should be her strongest support instead of trying to make her an to be possessed. You don't need to be together to be happy. If you truly love Carrie, her happiness will become yours." Ryan was stunned, and his expression was dazed.
In the early hours, it was still brightly lit in the police station.
Ralph held a bowl of instant ramen, eating while discussing a case with his colleagues, when a female officer came in, blushing.
"Captain Ralph, someone is looking for you to file a report."
"For me? What case?"
"He said it was an important case."
"He still needs to go through the proper procedure. Take his statement first."
The female officer quickly said, "Mr. Hoffman said that if you refuse to see him, he will wait until you do."
Ralph and Ryan confronted each other in the hall.
"Mr. Hoffman, didn't you say that you wanted to file a report? I'm here to greet you personally. Say, what kind of injustice have you suffered?" Ralph looked at Ryan with a fake smile. 
Ryan said hoarsely, "I came to see you for Carrie."
Ralph tensed up. "What happened to Carrie?!"
"I'd like to talk to you in private."
In the quiet and dim car, the tension in the air made it indescribably awkward.
"Spit it out. My colleagues are waiting for me." Ralph put his hands in his pocket as he looked out the window, seemingly raising an invisible barrier between him and Ryan. Ryan's fingers curled nervously on his lap, then relaxed, and curled again.
"I admit that my attitude toward you in the past was horrible. I'm sorry."
Ralph's handsome face showed a hint of shock. He sized Ryan up as if the latter were a ghost. "Mr. Hoffman, are you speaking to me? It's late at night. Did you get possessed or something?" 
Ryan was speechless.
Ralph said, "Don't beat around the bush and get straight to it."
Ryan took a deep breath, his eyes holding in intense and passionate emotions as he said, word by word "I love Carrie deeply. For her, I could give up everything, even my life Captain Ralph, I came to ask you to give me a chance to reconcile with Carrie." 
Ralph's brows furrowed, and his gaze fixed on Ryan's pale and sad face.
Seeing that Ralph did not speak, Ryan let go of his pride and begged, his voice heavy and bitter. "Will you please give me a chance?"
###chapter1872
Ralph's brows furrowed deeper, and his eyes grew colder. "You mean, you want me to back off?"
Ryan's throat was dry. Just as he was about to speak, Ralph interrupted, "Since I knew you two were in love, I've placed myself in the position of an observer and even avoided Carrie no matter how much I liked her to prevent any misunderstanding. Ryan, you have always had the chance with her. Regardless of whether it was your fault or your family's fault, you two have already broken up. Why can't you give me a chance?"
Ralph's piercing question shot through Ryan's heart, stunning the latter.
"You two no longer have any relationship. There's no problem with me pursuing Carrie. If you still love her, you can also confess to her, and we will compete fairly. You can try your best to get back with her, and I will not interfere. But you came over and asked me to back off, trying to hog her all to yourself. Mr. Hoffman, don't you think that you're being a little too unreasonable?"
Ralph's tone carried a hint of reserved coldness as his lips parted. "Your feelings for Carrie are genuine, but does that mean mine aren't? You can give up your life for her, and I will gladly do the same. What is your purpose in telling me, your love rival, all these?"
Guilt, self-loathing, unwillingness-these emotions tore away at the wilting soul inside Ryan's body.
Back then, at the art academy, Ryan could have already lost the love of his life if not for Ralph's seasoned negotiation skills and quick reflexes, saving Carrie from the perpetrator.
"Will you let me see Carrie?" Ryan's eyes reddened as if he were clinging to his last hope. His tone was sincere and humble. "I swear, I won't disturb you or fight for her anymore. Just let me see her, okay?" "If there's nothing else, I'm going back to work." Ralph stopped looking at him and opened the car door with a poker face.
Ryan felt as if his soul was drained away, sitting there dejectedly and stiffly.
At this time, Ralph halted, his body halfway outside the car. After a moment's hesitation, he said, "Yesterday, I made plans with Carrie to bring her to the amusement park on the weekend to watch fireworks." 
Then he got out of the car swiftly.
Ryan was in a daze for a long time. He only regained his composure when Ralph's lean figure disappeared from the entrance of the police station. His pale lips parted as he whispered, "Thank you." 
Liam was discharged from the hospital. Since Logan forced him to "recuperate" overseas, he could not stay longer, even if he wanted to.
In a flash, Friday arrived.
The moment he stepped into his house, he found the villa in a mess.
The butler and servants rushed to complain, stating that Selena had come in the morning with a group of men, taking away everything valuable in the villa and smashing what they could not. The initiat estimate of losses was about $10 million. 
###chapter1873
It did not feel like a divorce, more like a group of bandits raiding a village!
The servants thought that Liam, a notorious money-grubber, would jump up in anger and lose his temper.
Unexpectedly, Liam merely said, "Got it."
He looked indifferent as he headed upstairs.
However, his unusual calmness sent a chill down their spines instead.
Liam received a call from Selena as soon as he walked into his empty room.
"Liam, you've been discharged from the hospital and are about to migrate overseas to live out the rest of your days. Shouldn't you hurry up and finalize the divorce?"
Selena mocked him, each word stabbing him in the heart. "There's no point for you to drag it out. The longer you drag, the more I can't control my mouth. If anything got out, it would only make your situation worse."
Liam pulled out a fruit knife from the coffee table, carving words on the expensive table expressionlessly. "Selena, we've been married for many years, and I've never mistreated you in any way. I didn't want to come to this point. I still have feelings for you. Can we discuss the divorce agreement? You're almost stripping me bare. I'm still a son of the Hoffman family; leave me some dignity."
"Pfft, dignity? You're now disabled and have lost your shares and power. A useless person like you should be grateful for being able to live. Do you still need a luxury like dignity?" Selena's tone was full of resentment and disdain. "All these years, I was your wife legally, but you never once looked at me properly. You fooled around outside, treating me like a decoration!
"That's fine, but you hid your azoospermia from me and blamed your infertility on me! You made me bear the brunt of Logan's displeasure for decades and become the laughingstock of all the rich housewives in Savrow. They say that I'm a hen who can't lay eggs!
"Liam, if you weren't from the Hoffman family, do you think I'd marry you?! Without the Hoffman Group, you're worse than a beggar on the street. I've been waiting for this day for too long! Tomorrow afternoon is your final deadline. If you still don't sign the papers, I'll confront Logan. By then, I can't guarantee that I won't say anything detrimental to you."
The call ended.
The room was as silent as a graveyard.
Liam put down the knife without a ripple in his expression, dialing his trusted aide Lewis's number.
"Bring the weapons tonight. Before we leave, I'll meet the old man one more time. It'll be the last time."
After that, he got up and left the room, leaving only the ugly and twisted word on the coffee table that read, "DIE!"
Late at night in the Hoffman residence, Logan was in the study with his secretary, sorting through the assets and shares he held.
"Mr. Hoffman, are you really sure you want to transfer all these to Mr. Ryan?"
His secretary was in disbelief,
confirming Logan's intentions again. "After Mr. Ryan takes hold of these, you're basically handing over the entire Hoffman Group to him."
Logan picked up his signing pen. "Of course I know that. Otherwise, why would I call you here to do this?"
"Mr. Hoffman, the Hoffman Group
your lifetime effort. Without you,
really willing to let go compernets
there's
no Hoffman Group.
"I'm already one foot into the grave. No matter how big my family business is, I can't take it away with me to the afterlife."
Logan smiled bitterly and shook his
head. "Since Ryan threatened me without thinking of the consequences and seriously injured Liam, I've come through. If I cling to power and refuse to let go, making things hard for Ryan, it will only plunge the Hoffman Group into a more chaotic situation and force Ryan to take even more drastic measures." 
###chapter1874
Logan said, "Actually, I've known long ago that Ryan had inherited Finn's outstanding genes. He appears to be fooling around on the surface, but he's clear-headed and befriended an excellent business elite like Justin. His future road will only get brighter...
"I was too harsh with his upbringing, always using his uncle to oppress him, and stubbornly opposed his marriage with that Salvador girl. That's how everything started to go out of control.
"If I knew what would happen, I would've retired early and passed the power to Ryan. Initially, the heir I preferred was always Ryan. It's all my fault. I grew more suspicious and hesitant with age, and the decisiveness I had in my younger years had vanished..."
The secretary quickly comforted him. "Don't say that. Throughout the years, without you looking after him, how could Mr. Ryan and his family live such a smooth life? You're harsh and strict with Mr. Ryan to train him."
Logan heaved a long sigh, signed the transfer agreements, pressed his thumbprint, and then called the lawyer who had worked for him for many years. He handed the documents to the lawyer and ordered him to pass them to Ryan after everything had settled down.
At that moment, his phone rang.
Seeing that it was from Liam, Logan did not want to answer it. But since Liam was leaving Savrow, Logan wanted to put a proper end to things and picked up the call. "Liam, haven't you left yet?"
"Dad, you're really eager to get rid of me." Liam laughed cockily.
Logan's brows furrowed. "It's late. What do you want?"
"I heard you've been packing up for the past few days. Are you preparing to leave Savrow?"
"Yes. I plan to leave. Since Ryan has gradually taken over the company's management and controlled the messy situation, it's time for me to retire."
"You're leaving, and I'm leaving too. We probably wouldn't have a chance to meet after this farewell. I guess you wouldn't want to see this failure of a son anyway." Liam mocked himself, sighing.
Logan frowned. "There's no long-lasting feud between father and son. Don't overthink it."
"Dad, I'm at the villa you bought for Mom."
Liam's tone suddenly became gentle, filled with sadness. "Mom's contribution cannot go unnoticed in helping you build your empire today, and you've always had a great relationship. Now that you're leaving, don't you want to bring some of Mom's belongings as a keepsake? I also want to meet you once again. If you still treat me as your son, you should say a proper goodbye to me." 
Logan thought about it and said in a low voice, "Okay, I'll be there soon." "Then I'll be waiting for you here."
Not long after Logan left with his secretary, Selena arrived.
She waited for Liam the whole day, but he did not show up or answer his phone. Furious, she was forced to come to Logan, planning to slander Liam further in front f Logan. 
"What? The old man went out? Where?!" Selena anxiously grabbed the butler.
"I think he went to the old residence."
Selena immediately turned around and left after hearing it.
Logan would not go to the old residence for no reason. Liam was definitely there.
Lif
Selena would force Liam to sign the divorce agreement tonight. Even if she could wait, her lover could not!
t belongs to enet
###chapter1875
Under the dark, gloomy sky, the moon hung high in the night, exuding an eerie light.
Logan arrived at the study on the second floor of the old residence, as agreed. Liam had already been waiting there, his shadow cast on the ground, looking like a demon from hell, here for revenge. "Dad, as your son, I've never expected you to be so heartless to me."
Liam sat casually on the sofa, smiling coldly. "I've always respected you. Even if my contribution to the company was not much, I still put in decades of work. Isn't it too cruel to kick me aside because I became crippled?"
Logan sensed something amiss and tried to open the door, but it would not budge.
"Save your energy. Without my word, don't even think of taking a step outside the house." Liam held a cigarette in his mouth but suddenly remembered that he could not light it himself, so he gritted his teeth and put it back.
Logan's back was covered in a layer of cold sweat, and he immediately shouted, "Secretary Blackthorn... Secretary Blackthorn!"
At this moment, the door opened.
"Mr. Hoffman, Secretary Blackthorn is here."
Liam's secretary, Lewis, had a face full of blood as he smiled sinisterly and threw Mr. Blackthorn's body in front of Logan, like a pile of trash. "But unfortunately, he could not serve you anymore."
Immense fear engulfed Logan. He almost blacked out and roared at Liam, trembling, "How could you kill someone?! Are you mad?! What do you want to do?!"
"I know what I'm doing. Even if I'm mad, it's because you and Ryan drove me into a corner."
Liam shrugged nonchalantly. "Besides, isn't it just murder? What's the big deal? When you expanded the Hoffman Group's business back in the day, didn't you shed a lot of blood too? Now that you're old and senile, have you forgotten that you were once a wolf who wouldn't hesitate to devour your enemies?"
"Liam!"
Liam took out the documents he prepared and threw them on the table. "Sign these. I'm not interested in the shares anymore. If your grandson is willing to clean up that mess, Jet him. As long as you agree to transfer all the assets under your name to me, I'll spare your life out of consideration that we've been father and son for fifty years." 
Upon hearing his words, Logan paled, and his teeth chattered loudly.
Logan was indeed old, but throughout his life, he had never been afraid of trouble. He had never lowered his head in hopes of surviving, nor had he let others humiliate him just to save his own life!
If he did, how could he thrive during chaotic times? How could he build such a large business and become one of the four great families?
Besides, the person threatening and intimidating him was his own son, whom he raised. There was no reason for a father to bow to his son!
"Hahaha!" Logan pointed at Liam,
laughing wildly. "You pretended to be a dutiful son in front of me, humbling yourself for so many years, but now, you've finally revealed your true colors! But I'm still one step ahead of you. Before you called me, I transferred all my assets and shares to Ryan Ryan is now the head of the Hoffman family, the highest decision-maker in the Hoffman Group! And you? You're not even qualified to get the scraps!"
Liam sprang up, his eyes bulging in hatred. "Old fucker! Even at death's door, you still dare to lie to me?!"
"Lie to you? Do I need to? At this
point, I might as well tell you." Logan slammed his walking cane on the floor and glared at him. "Even if is not alive anymore, I've never thought of letting you become the Hoffman Group's successor The one I always preferred was Ryan, and the one I trained was always..." 
Before his voice fell, Liam leaped over the coffee table, rushed to Logan, and stabbed him in the gut fiercely.
Blood gushed out, dripping to the floor under his feet.
Logan's body twitched, and he clutched his wound as he fell to his knees, his vision blurring and losing focus...
Liam was not the son he raised. He was a seed of evil he had planted since childhood, finally growing into a monster devoid of humanity in the pursuit of power, killing without blinking an eye! "Dad, you won't even give me the Hoffman Group after Finn is dead!"
###chapter1876
Liam kicked Logan to the ground and squatted beside him, raising his leg to step on the bleeding wound, causing Logan to scream in agony. "I might as well tell you a secret of mine. Back then, I planned the plane crash that killed Finn."
"You... You...!"
Logan widened his eyes in disbelief, glaring at Liam's twisted face. But he was in so much pain that he could not speak.
"I hired someone to destroy the main gearbox of the plane in advance, causing it to fall into the sea. I had a chance to save Finn, but I didn't want to. Poor Finn. Even in his death, he never imagined that the person behind it was his own brother! You didn't know this, but when he watched me swimming to the shore, he looked relieved, without an ounce of resentment... Hahaha! Such a perfect and kind person should go to heaven. Staying in the Hoffman family and blocking my path was simply the wrong life for him!"
"Scumbag! Bastard!" Logan's eyes were reddened and bloodshot. He roared and wanted to give his all in resisting, but Liam did not give the old man any chance to fight back.
He stabbed Logan repeatedly.
Logan lay in a pool of blood, his mouth and eyes wide open, unable to rest in peace.
Even Lewis was shocked at the display of such brutality. One would have thought Logan and Liam were mortal enemies!
"Dad, don't blame me. If you must blame someone, blame yourself for being too cruel to me."
Liam sighed expressionlessly, his palm brushing past Logan's eyes. "Finn was too kind and merciful. He wasn't fit to survive in the ruthless business world. I am the best choice. Unfortunately, you were too blind to see it."
Selena arrived at the old residence's entrance and saw Logan's car there.
She wanted to go in directly but thought it would be too abrupt. After all, she still had to respect the head of the Hoffman family. So, she waited patiently outside.
After a long while, the door finally opened.
Selena was cautious enough to hide in the bushes, secretly observing the situation.
The next second, she saw Liam's secretary, Lewis, struggling to drag a black nylon bag.
Soon after, Liam, with only one arm, dragged an identical bag.
Selena was completely shocked.
Liam said, "Did you clean up the room?"
"It's cleaned."
"Find a place to bury the bodies. We need to deal with his car quickly. There's a mud road west of the city with no surveillance cameras. Even if the police start an investigation, they won't be able to find these bodies so soon." Liam's tone was casual, and he even yawned. 
"Yes, I understand. Are you leaving tonight?"
"I haven't gotten my revenge yet. How can I leave like this?"
Selena covered her mouth in horror, turned away, and ran fearfully!
Liam lost his arm, but his sense of hearing was still sharp.
"Someone's in the bushes! Chase after them! Don't let them escape!"
Lewis immediately ran in that direction, but someone running for their life had infinite adrenaline
Selena jumped into her sports car
and sped off, leaving only exhaust fumes behind. 
"Mr. Hoffman! Although I didn't catch that person, I'm sure it was Selena! That car belongs to her!" Lewis returned, panting. "Selena... That bitch!"
Liam's eyes gleamed sinisterly, and he gritted his teeth viciously. "Send someone after her. It makes no difference how many peopled kill now. Find her and get rid of her!" en.swhovels.net
###chapter1877
On this night, some people were on edge, while others schemed in the shadows.
Inside Pivotage, Yvonne led Jace through the dimly lit, luxurious hallways. The man behind her was like a bat lurking in the darkness, sending shivers down her spine. Christopher had been waiting for some time in a highly secretive room.
"Mr. Bailiff, I didn't expect us to meet again so soon."
Christopher smiled and handed him a glass of wine he personally poured. "It's been a long trip. I specially prepared this top-tier wine to welcome you."
Jace's expression was cold and aloof as he blocked the wine glass unblinkingly, showing no respect for his boss's appointed person in charge of Savrow. "Ms. Yvonne has briefed me on the way here."
Seeing that Jace refused to drink, Christopher downed the glass himself. "Really? That saves me some trouble."
"Christopher, you keep bothering a young girl. Do you think I have nothing better to do?" Jace looked at him coldly.
"Tsk, why? Mr. Bailiff, are you showing sympathy for a beauty?"
Christopher glanced sideways at him, his slender finger swirling the glass of wine. "It seems you are not as cold-blooded as I thought. You still have a soft spot."
"I just found it beneath me. The things you made me do were too debasing."
Jace's brows furrowed, his words hidden with blades. "Our boss promoted you as Savrow's person in charge, but your only strategy to retaliate against your enemies was to kidnap someone's wife and children. You even had to find outside help. Pivotage should just shut down early."
Yvonne's long lashes fluttered, feeling inexplicably satisfied.
In Pivotage, no one dared to speak to Christopher so rudely.
But Jace did not care. He worked for Grant and only listened to the latter.
Sure enough, the meticulously crafted expression on Christopher's delicate face gradually crumbled, and his knuckles holding the wine glass turned white.
He forced himself to endure it. He smiled faintly. "Mr. Bailiff, since we are able to meet tonight, it means the Boss agrees with my plan. You only need to cooperate. Besides, didn't t say my target this time was that young lady. She's just a decoy. I know the previous mission was too easy and without a challenge, which was a waste of your talents. This time, I found a new target for you. I promise you won't be disappointed." 
As he spoke, he picked up the document on the table and passed it to Jace.
Jace took it and flipped through the pages. His complicated gaze eventually fixed on the man wearing a police uniform, saying hoarsely
after a while, "He's a police officer?" 
"Yes." Christopher sipped his red wine slowly. "He's still young, yet he's already a police captain. Quite a distinguished career and outstanding young man." Yvonne's pupils contracted, and she pinched herself fiercely to manage her shocked expression.
"Ha! Let's hope he's a worthy opponent." Jace tore the man's picture off and put it in his pocket, throwing the document aside.
"Mr. Bailiff, are you taking it up?"
"I won't touch that girl." Jace's expression was determined and cold. "I'm a killer, but I don't bully the weak."
"I understand." Christopher wore a faint smile.
Jace did not bother with another word and turned around, wanting to leave.
"Wait." Christopher's eyes slightly narrowed. "I'll give you an assistant for this mission, just in case. Yvonne, go with Mr. Bailiff.”
"Me...?" Yvonne's heart tightened, and she immediately tried to avoid it. "Mr. Christopher, I can't fight. I'll only hold Mr. Bailiff back..."
"It's safer to have another person helping." Christopher glanced at Yvonne with a half-smile. "Yvonne, you've never rejected any mission I gave you."
At this point, Yvonne could only agree.
After the two left, Taylor, who was silent the whole time, walked to Christopher and leaned down,
whispering, "Mr. Christophet
you're
so skilled at manipulating people." en.swhovels.net
"Jace really is the Boss's well-trained dog. Without giving him a worthy opponent, it's hard to make him focus on working for me."
###chapter1878
Christopher leaned his head on his hand, his voice laced with laziness. "I can't wait to see the good show those brothers put on."
"Mr. Christopher, Jace looks almost identical to the fifth son of the Thompson family, who died in a plane crash. Could they be the same person?" Taylor asked, puzzled. "So what if they are? It would only make my game more interesting."
Christopher could not help but laugh. "Dying in his own brother's hand will allow him to die without regrets."
"Ralph kept sabotaging our plans, and he's a police officer. If we can get rid of him, our lives will be so much easier."
Taylor hesitated as he said, "But you asked Ms. Yvonne to accompany him... Are you still suspecting her? Do you want to test her?"
Christopher's eyes were half-shut behind his gold-rimmed glasses.
Since the Solloways broke off the engagement, Nigel had been sleeping well and eating heartily. He also had enough reason to fetch his granddaughter to Crescent Bay for a short stay. On the weekends, Justin and Bella, who had been busy the entire week, prepared gifts and went to visit Nigel happily.
On the way, Bella received a call from Asher.
"Asher!" Bella pressed the speaker, sounding sweet and soft.
"You sound happy. Any good news?"
Asher chuckled warmly. "Are you registering with Justin?"
Registering?
Bella blinked and stared at Justin's handsome face.
The man holding her waist beside her curled up his lips. "I have my social security card and passport ready every day. As long as Bella is willing to reinstate our marriage, we could do it anytime."
His last words lightly brushed past her reddened ears, disrupting Bella's breath, and her heart fluttered.
"My identity would change after getting married, and it comes with more responsibilities. I'd rather be more carefree as Mr. Salvador's girlfriend." Bella's eyes flickered, refusing to follow his lead, even though she knew he had been longing and coveting that day for too long.
There was no other way. The members of the Thompson family were usually decisive and ruthless, but when it came to love, they were all silly.
Upon hearing it, Justin felt a sourness spread in his chest.
Bella's unintended words struck a chord in him. He took it as a display of trauma from the pain those three years of marriage brought her.
All he felt was distress.
So, the man's trembling fingers clasped her hand tightly, pressing it against his heart as he took a deep breath to control the surging emotions within him.
"It's alright. It's all up to you. Anyway, you've married me once. Regardless of whether we are official, I'll be with you forever."
Bella's face reddened immediately, her glistening eyes looking left and right, not daring to meet his overly intense gaze.
"It's good to date for a longer time."
Asher's rich voice came through, full of affection Justin, you don't need to rush it Bella has experienced married life, but apart from you, she has not had a passionate and satisfying romance with any man. Just satisfy her this once. Being a dating couple is not quite the same feeling as being married." 
Bella was exposed. She straightened her back immediately and yelled, "Ash! Who has never dated before?! I have had many admirers in school, more than you can count! They grow like chives!" 
Asher chuckled. "Chives are an inappropriate metaphor. I'd say they're like sugar cane. You break them as soon as they come."
Bella was speechless. Asher must have been with Arnold for too long. His tongue was getting sharper!
Justin's thin lips could not help but curl upward. He pulled Bella into his arms tightly, and his heart was filled with joy.
He rubbed her round shoulder as he coaxed in a deep voice, "I will keep you in a honey jar, so just thinking about dating will give you a toothache."
"Ugh... You're already sickeningly
sweet now. You need to give me
some personal space occasionally, okay?" Bella nearly suffocated from
his tight hug, so she squirmed around in his arms. 
The man's voice was husky as he refused her. "Not okay."
Bella blushed and settled into Justin's embrace, giving up her struggle.
Asher said, "Let's get back to the topic. I called because I've gotten information on the owner of the car license plate you asked me to investigate before." Bella hurriedly asked, "Who was it?"
Ralph's cold voice came through. "It's a government vehicle that belongs to the RC Biotech Research Centre in Meridan.”
###chapter1879
"Biotech research center?" Justin's brows furrowed deeply, exchanging a glance with Bella.
They could not understand how Bethany hooked up with an organization like that.
"Asher, why aren't you asleep yet... Hmm?" Arnold's lazy voice came from the phone, seductive to the bone, causing Bella's goosebumps to rise. Arnold's charming, captivating fox-like eyes appeared vividly in her mind.
"I'm on the phone with Bella and Justin. Did I wake you up?" Asher's clear voice was incredibly soft.
Rustling and intimate sounds came through.
"With Bella? It's fine. You guys talk... Mmm..."
Soon, the car echoed with the sounds of kisses.
Justin's throat bobbed, his palms around Bella's waist sweating. He could only turn his gaze outside the window, calming down his restless heart.
"Hey... Asher, stop! Can you go act lovey-dovey with Arnold after finishing the serious talk? Can't you wait for a while?" Bella could not help dissing her brother, feeling embarrassed.
"Sorry, Bella. We couldn't help it, haha..." Arnold's joyful laughter sounded.
"What is the RC Biotech Research Centre?" Bella asked again.
Asher said gently, "I think Arnold knows more about this."
"RC Biotech was established five years ago, focusing on innovations in the medical field and drug manufacturing. Their key research includes cures for Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, autism, and others. Over the past two years, the government has invested large amounts of money into their research. They could be considered a rising star in the biotech industry." Arnold yawned, "Why are you asking about this?" Justin asked, "Who was the founder of this institute?"
"He's known as Dr. K... He spearheaded the creation of this institute and published a few papers before, making a name for himself in Meridan's medical field. Hey... Why are you asking this?" Arnold's tone was languid, and he was dazed by Asher's kisses.
"Arnold, do you know anything else?"
"I'm not too sure about the rest... Oh, they're currently researching a type of drug that could cure Alzheimer's and released news on their progress a few days ago. Now, they're in a race against the Larsons. The one who succeeds first will hold the secret to wealth in their hands."
Arnold huffed, "Hmph, I hope RC does it first. They need to put Alvin's arrogance in check!"
This was getting more complicated.
"Thank you, Arnold. Justin and I will visit you when we're free and bring some local specialties."
After ending the call, Justin's jawline tightened, his mind spinning continuously.
"It's weird, isn't it?" Bella frowned and shook her head. "Bethany had just arrived in Meridan and immediately got involved with the biotech institute. They had no connection before."
Steven chimed in while driving, "Bethany couldn't be so desperate as to sell her kidney to them for research, right? She has so many diseases. She probably isn't worth much."
"Justin, could your brother know someone in the research institute?" Bella's expression turned grim. "When Wyatt had a stroke, you even flew to Meridan to ask your brother for medicine. He got the drug that was so hard to obtain effortlessly. This means he has some
connections in the medical field. Is it possible that he sent someone to fetch Bethany?" 
"Bella, you're speaking my mind." Justin's long eyelashes cast a shadow on his face. He shook his head. "But I don't understand. If it was Grant, why did he help Bethany? In my impression, he doesn't seem like someone who'd get involved in this."
Bella leaned backward, her rosy lips curling up as she said, "If it was truly like you said your brother was willing to sacrifice himself to let you live, and he was indeed so righteous, I'd respect him for being a caring and loyal man. It's understandable if he couldn't bear to see his sister wander on the streets and help her out. 
"But what if there was more to the kidnapping case back then? Or perhaps, after decades of physiotherapy and pain, his feelings for you changed, to the extent that he's no longer the person you knew. If that's the case, he is probably
helping Bethany so that she'll cause more trouble for you."
Justin clenched his fists secretly, his broad shoulder slightly trembling under the meticulously ironed suit.
Memories surfaced, pulling him back into that hellish cage.
He could never forget how his brother looked after the kidnappers threw Grant outside Tideview Manor, barely alive and covered in wounds.
Grant saved Justin's life. Was that all a ruse?
How could it be fake?
###chapter1880
Grant paid the price of almost destroying his healthy body merely to put on a show in front of Justin. What was Grant aiming for?
On the other side, in Crescent Bay, it was the day Ralph and Carrie had planned to go to the amusement park. Ralph woke up early and came to pick Carrie up at the villa.
Unexpectedly, his nosy mother insisted on coming with him, wanting to meet her "future daughter-in-law."
Mila and Ralph were rare guests at Crescent Bay, so Nigel came out to greet them personally, indicating how much he valued them.
"Is this Ralph? What an outstanding young man!"
Nigel smiled broadly when he saw the handsome Ralph. "Hahaha... Madam Mila, your son looks exactly like Wyatt did when he was young! I don't even need you to tell me to know that he was Wyatt's son!" "Asher, Axel, and Bella all resemble their father more." Mila smiled warmly.
"My dad's genes are too strong," Ralph joked harmlessly.
"I like you, young man! You're not reserved, and you got your straightforward personality from Wyatt!"
Nigel patted Ralph's shoulder and then looked at Matt. "Matt, please bring Carrie down."
"Grandpa, I'm here."
Carrie held her teddy bear as she walked down the stairs gracefully, bowing politely. "Madam Mila, Ralph, good morning."
Her manners were impeccable, befitting the upbringing of a noble lady.
Mila eagerly walked forward and held Carrie's hand, liking her more and more.
No matter how the rumors slander this girl, Mila would not be affected. She had the brain to discern and the eyes to see clearly. Carrie was a rare gem, and it was those people who were blind and hateful. Suddenly, Mila's gaze stayed on Carrie's bare wrist. Carrie was not wearing the bracelet she gave her.
Mila could not help but feel a little disheartened.
"Ah... I wanted to wear it, but it was too expensive. I'm afraid of damaging it." Carrie keenly noticed it and hurriedly explained. "It's alright, child."
Mila was a little flustered and held her hand gently. "It's yours now. Wear it if you like, and don't wear it if you don't. It's nothing."
Carrie nodded shyly.
Standing behind his mother, Ralph could not stop staring straight at Carrie. His breathing gradually grew heavier, and his heartbeat was out of control.
Seeing her smile, he was affected and curled his lips up subconsciously.
"Matt, look at Ralph's expression. Does he look like someone?" Nigel nudged Matt with his elbow.
"Old Master Nigel, of course he looks like a person." Matt was amused.
"Tsk, are you picking a fight?" Nigel rolled his eyes and then chuckled. "When he was staring at my granddaughter, it was as if Justin possessed him! Justin had the same silly expression when he looked at Bella. Haha! How interesting!" 
Matt coughed lightly, unable to hide a smile. "Ms. Carrie is just outstanding and likable enough."
"Old Master Nigel, Ralph is here today to take Carrie out for a date."
Mila smiled. "Ralph has never asked a girl out alone and felt embarrassed, so he brought me along to give him courage." "Mom, when did I... Oof!"
Ralph's words were stuck halfway, stopped by his mother's heels on his toes.
Carrie took in everything, a light smile dancing in her eyes.
"Hahaha! Good It's good to go out and have some fun. Staying here with an old man like me is boring." Nigel's eyes crinkled kindly. "Carrie, go ahead. Have fun today with Ralph. You don't need to rush to come home." 
As they had already talked about this, Carrie no longer hesitated and said softly, "Grandpa, I'm heading out. You must take your meals and medicine on time." 
"Haha! Rest easy and go!" Nigel waved his hand.
Suddenly, a deep voice boomed, "You'd better stay where you are. You're not allowed to go anywhere!"
###chapter1881
Gregory stormed in with a dark expression, followed by Paul. The resentment Gregory exuded was intense. "It's a beautiful and sunny day. Why do you have such a gloomy face? You're ruining everyone's mood!"
Nigel tutted, turning his gaze away from Gregory's face without hiding his annoyance toward his son. "Seeing you makes my chest tight. I feel like two years are taken off whatever remains of my lifespan!"
Gregory could not bother to bicker with his father and rushed to Carrie, completely ignoring their guests-Ralph and Mila.
"Carrie! Come back with me now!"
Carrie was clearly frightened. Her face was pale, as she subconsciously stepped back and clutched her teddy bear tighter.
Just as Gregory's hand was about to touch her, another hand with bulging veins grabbed Gregory's wrist suddenly.
It was a firm and tight hold, like a handcuff.
Carrie's eyes widened, looking at the tall figure standing in front of her. "Ralph..."
Ralph looked into Gregory's furious eyes and curled his lips coldly. "Chairman Salvador, why don't you speak calmly? You're frightening Carrie."
Gregory panted heavily, unable to free his hand from Ralph's grip. He gritted his teeth in embarrassment and anger. "Let go!"
Ralph's sharp eyes narrowed, and he released his grip casually.
Gregory immediately pulled away by stepping back, lowering his eyes to steal a glance at his wrist. It was purplish in color. He thought, 'Did this damned brat treat me like a criminal?!'
"Old Master Nigel, Mom, it's about time. I'll take Carrie out now." Ralph withdrew the chill in his eyes and said goodbye to Nigel.
"Ralph, didn't you hear what I said? Carrie must come with me. She's not allowed to go anywhere!" Gregory roared.
Nigel fumed. "Carrie had made plans to go on a date with Ralph. Madam Mila came to visit me and Carrie, even preparing gifts. What are you shouting about in front of our guests?!"
"You don't understand the reason behind it. If you do, you won't have this attitude!" Gregory waved his hand impatiently. "Anyway, my daughter can't have anything to do with a son of the Salvador family. Now's not the time; I'll explain it to you later!"
"Wait." Mila's clear and stern voice tore through the tension. She raised her intimidating gaze and stared fixedly at Gregory. "Why did you stop halfway? If you have something to say, don't hide it. Let me hear it Why can't my son associate with your daughter?"
Her naturally authoritative air as the matron of the Thompson family was unmistakable.
Nigel took it in and felt jealous of Wyatt's good fortune. If his son had also married such an outstanding and supportive wife, perhaps he would not have become so extreme and stubborn now.
Gregory burned with anger and sneered, "Madam Mila, do you dare to swear that you brought your son to approach Carrie not because of Bella's instructions?"
Mila's thin brows furrowed.
"You came forward to pressure Mayor Solloway, using election funds as leverage to force the Solloways to give up on Carrie. Isn your aim to interfere and prevent Carrie from marrying into the Solloway family? Your solo act wasn't enough. Bella even roped in your son, publicly embarrassing Jason Solloway at their family's banquet. Isn't it to prove that you guys have your eyes on Carrie?" 
Nigel and Matt were stunned.
Carrie did not dare to look at her father, much less Ralph. She closed her eyes, her lashes fluttering as she hugged her teddy bear tighter.
"I thought it was strange. Madam
Mila, you managed the Thompson household for so many years and were never involved in the business or political field. Your son had little interaction with my daughter. But when Carrie was about to get engaged to Jason, you suddenly stepped in to stop it. Who would believe it if you said nobody instructed you?" 
After all, Gregory had spent thirty years in business, overanalyzing everything. He sneered, thinking that he had seen through it all. "Carrie and Ryan broke up because they weren't meant to be. Isn't it too
much for Bella to use this method to block my daughter's marriage?
"Let me be clear. Even without the Solloway family, I wouldn't agree with Carrie and Ryan being together. Madam Mila, you and your son approached my daughter with ulterior motives. There's no way I will let Carrie befriend your son. Who knows what you're planning?"
Ralph's eyes twitched, and his fists clenched tightly. But Mila and Nigel were present, so he could not disregard the two families' dignity.
Nigel's gray brows furrowed deeply, and he wanted to say something.
###chapter1882
Mila first threw out a remark that was not quite befitting of her status but reflected her thoughts at this moment. "I feel like vomiting." Gregory's eyes twitched. "What did you say?"
"Chairman Salvador, you must be a lucky man." Mila took the lead and gracefully sat down, picking up a teacup. "Otherwise, with your brains, it would've been impossible to build such a large business." "You...!" Gregory glared at the woman's indifferent face furiously, his words stuck in his throat.
But he was a man of high status, and to retort would make him look like a shrew.
"The Thompson family is more open-minded. As parents, we won't interfere too much in our children's marriages. I didn't have much contact with Carrie, but my son likes her, so what's wrong with me trying to help my son?
"Besides, what type of family did you choose for Carrie? I merely pressured them slightly, yet they immediately broke off the engagement overnight. This shows that they are a bunch of opportunists, only chasing after fame and fortune. As the wealthiest family in Savrow, don't you think it's beneath you to become in-laws with those people?"
Her words struck a chord with Nigel, and he nodded vigorously.
"If I was following Bella's arrangements, as you accused, we could have stopped interfering once the engagement between your families was broken off." Mila calmly said, "The reason I came to visit again is because I also adore Carrie. My eagerness to see her is no less than Ralph's."
"Mom..." A warm feeling surged in Ralph's heart, his ears reddening.
Carrie slowly opened her eyes, her crystal-clear gaze looking at Mila with gratitude.
"Gregory, what you said just now was too much. Apologize to Madam Mila now!" Nigel glared coldly at his son, who only caused him trouble, obviously displeased.
Gregory pursed his pale lips, his gums aching with anger. He refused to speak.
Making him admit his mistakes and apologize to the Thompson family was too humiliating!
"Forget it, Old Master Nigel. Chairman Salvador was merely worried about his daughter, which made him flustered. As a mother, I could understand." Mila lowered her gaze and set the teacup down. "But Chairman Salvador, you're not young anymore. If you don't have much work in the company, you should spend more time taking care of your health, like Wyatt. What's the point of always meddling in your children's marriages?"
Mila's words were like a gentle blade, cutting right into Gregory's sensitive spots.
Ralph took a step forward, his gaze intense and as deep as the ocean. "Chairman Salvador, you can doubt anything except for one thing. I
swear on my police uniform and e
my
faith that my feelings for Carrie are truer than gold. Even if you don't like me, I must still tell you that I want to try pursuing Carrie with the intention of marriage." 
Everyone was stunned.
Mila had never seen her son act this way, and for a moment, she was almost moved to tears.
"If you still can't get over it, think of it
as having one more person in the
world willing to protect your daughter with his life. You won't be suffering any losses anyway." Ralph smiled casually, his bright eyes holding a power that moved hearts. 
The hostility faded from Gregory's face, and he was completely speechless.
"Carrie, let's go." This time, Ralph did not leave a choice for Carrie. He
stepped forward and grabbedine
hand without hesitation, walking out with his head held high. 
The man's strides were long, and Carrie had to trot to keep up with him.
Recently, whenever she saw her father, she only felt suffocated and suppressed.
Even if Ralph did not speak up, she would still have left with Ralph without any hesitation.
The pair of matching figures disappeared from the door in the blink of an eye.
Nigel sighed, praising, "Madam Mila, you raised your son well. In comparison, as a father, I feel utterly ashamed." "Dad! What are you saying?!" Gregory fumed. Mila and Nigel were just insulting him in a roundabout way.
After Mila left, Gregory was scolded by his father again.
###chapter1883
Chapter 1883
"I know you still dislike Anna and are prejudiced against her! But there's one thing I'm sure of. Everything my granddaughter-in-law does is for the good of this family and for the people she cares about!"
Nigel huffed and pointed at him, "If you speak ill of Anna again, I won't welcome you at Crescent Bay anymore!"
Gregory was about to retort, but Bella and Justin walked in at this moment, holding hands.
They must have heard everything just now.
Bella had a generous heart and was used to such things, but Justin's cold and intimidating gaze silently fell on Gregory's face, furious.
Gregory gritted his teeth, feeling that he would be embarrassing himself if he stayed any longer. So he snorted and left with Paul.
"Grandpa, what happened?"
Justin quickly walked to Nigel, his gaze darkening. "What's wrong with him again?"
"It's nothing. I drove him away." Nigel glossed over the details.
Bella smiled brightly, showing no signs of taking offense.
"Anna, Madam Mila and Ralph came by and just left. Your brother brought Carrie out to have fun."
At the mention of Ralph, Nigel could not stop his praise. "Your brother is indeed a decent man! I like him so much! I even want to take him as my god-grandson and give Justin a good brother!"
"Grandpa, you don't need to do that. Ralph and Justin are already close." Bella smiled, immediately understanding where Gregory's resentment came from.
"Grandpa, Ralph is now my wife's older brother. If you take him as a god-grandson, he'll become my younger brother, as I am older than him. It'd mess things up." Justin's thin lips carried a smile. "It's not suitable."
"Brat, your brain has become quicker since you were with Anna, much more tactful." Nigel grinned and could not help teasing, then sighed. "Seeing the backs of those youngsters reminds me of your grandmother and many memories from our youth."
"Grandpa, do you like the idea of Ralph being with Carrie?" Since they were on this topic, Bella asked tentatively.
"Ralph's feelings for Carrie are indeed genuine. Even my old eyes could see it." Nigel's gaze turned dim." But I feel like when Carrie was with Ralph, there's still something missing in her eyes. Anna, feelings can't be forced. Carrie is a grown woman now. Let her choose who she likes."
It was the weekend. Naturally, the amusement park was flooded with visitors.
On the way here, Carrie kept fiddling with the teddy in her arms to ease the awkwardness, while Ralph occasionally glanced at her expression when he drove, mindful of her emotions.
It was not until they entered the park that Carrie spoke softly, breaking the silence.
"Ralph, thank you. And your mother. Really, thank you."
Ralph was most afraid of Carrie thanking him. He scratched his head awkwardly and pointed at a shop
beside them. "Do you want to go in and take a look? I saw everyone wearing hair clips. Do you want to buy some as well?"
Carrie nodded slightly, and the two walked into the shop side by side.
When they came out, Carrie had a brown teddy hairclip on her hair with two little ears sticking up, looking cute and playful.
As for Ralph, he wore a crocodile clip, and it looked like a crocodile biting his head from afar. "Pfft... Ralph, you look so funny!" Carrie covered her mouth, laughing uncontrollably for once.
"As long as you're happy." Ralph's smile gradually stiffened.
Some girls passing by secretly took photos of him, not wanting to miss the rare occurrence when they could see such a handsome and funny man.
Only Ralph was regretting his choices. At this moment, he was praying they would not bump into his colleagues.
Suddenly, his gaze sharpened. He scanned the surroundings.
His instinct as an experienced police officer told him that someone was secretly watching them.
###chapter1884
Chapter 1884
"Ralph, what's wrong?" Seeing his expression change, Carrie asked with concern.
"Nothing. Let's go."
Ralph forced a relaxed smile, his hand hovering over Carrie's shoulder as they moved forward with the crowd, but his sharp eyes were like radars, scanning their surroundings discreetly.
At that moment, his phone vibrated.
Ralph pulled out his phone from his pocket and lowered his head, looking at the screen. It was a message with only one sentence.
[Don't panic. It's me.]
His dark eyes narrowed slightly, and soon after, his anxious heart relaxed.
At the same time, Ryan stood in a corner on the other side of the crowd. Despite his attempt to stay low profile, his tall and lean figure still attracted many gazes.
Amid the noisy, bustling crowd, filled with laughter and chatter, Ryan looked as lonely and desolate as an elderly man nearing the end of his life.
His eyes always trailed Ralph and Carrie, never losing sight of them.
The weather was great today, and under the warm and radiant sunlight, the woman being protected by Ralph beamed like a blooming flower.
Ryan stared at her in a daze until Carrie's figure gradually became a blur. The trace of tenderness in his eyes was on the verge of breaking.
Hearing footsteps, he knew Yasmin had come over, so he suppressed his intense emotions and smiled bitterly, mocking himself. "Carrie always told me she wanted a normal life. I've never understood what she means by a normal life. But now... I think I understand. However, it's too late."
Yasmin's heart ached, and she quickly comforted him. "It's not too late, Young Master. It's never too late for you to win Young Madam's heart back."
"I've never taken her out on a date properly, like what Ralph did." Ryan's reddened eyes welled up with tears, and his voice was hoarse. "I thought I gave her what she wanted, but I've never really asked her what she wants..."
He had asked before, but her only response was, "I want to be with you, Ryan."
Thus, he gradually forgot to seek her true desires.
"Young Master, let's get closer," Yasmin suddenly said.
Ryan pursed his lips, shaking his head in the end. "She doesn't come out often. Seeing me will ruin her mood."
Yasmin's eyes twinkled, and a plan formed in her mind. She smiled. "Young Master, as long as you can abandon your pride, leave the rest to me!"
It has been three or four years since Ralph went to the amusement park. The last time he came was to catch a fugitive.
Fortunately, he had researched beforehand, knowing which rides were fun and what food was delicious.
What he did not expect was that Carrie, who looked frail and timid, only chose to experience thrilling rides such as the roller coaster and drop tower.
After one round of rides, Ralph felt a little dizzy, but Carrie was still eager for more, showing no signs of exhaustion.
He really had to admit that their age gap does make a difference.
"Carrie, you went on so many high-altitude rides. Aren't you afraid?" Ralph handed her a strawberry- flavored ice cream, his gaze gentle.
"No. I like being up high and feeling like I'm flying. It makes me feel free!"
Carrie licked the ice cream and smiled with satisfaction. "It's so sweet. Thank you, Ralph."
Ralph felt a tinge of bitterness, feeling distressed for her.
###chapter1885
Chapter 1885
This seemingly extremely wealthy young lady never even dared to dream of going on a roller coaster in the past 22 years of her life.
Carrie was born to be soaring in the sky like a bird, but her wings were bound, and her family had kept her in a golden cage.
Was it just because of her illness? To prevent her from bringing shame to the family?
Ralph's breath hitched, and he subconsciously raised his hand to stroke her soft hair.
Carrie's heart tightened, instinctively flinching back.
Such intimate gestures would happen between Ryan and her every day back then, but when it was someone else touching her, even if it was someone she trusted, that feeling of panic and discomfort still appeared in her eyes.
Ralph was taken aback, then he smiled bitterly.
Carrie was still not ready to accept another man's affection. Perhaps it would take a long time. Or perhaps it would never happen.
Since it was almost time, the two walked toward the dolphin exhibit to watch the show.
Just as they reached the entrance, someone in the crowd suddenly pointed at Carrie. "Look, isn't that girl the mentally ill daughter from the Salvador family?"
"Hey... You might be right! She looks so much better in person!"
"So what if she's pretty? She's mentally unstable!"
"Is that true? She seems pretty normal to me. Who is the handsome guy beside her? Her boyfriend? He's so handsome!"
Hearing the crowd's whispers, Carrie felt her heart pounding. She hugged her teddy tightly, and her eyes widened with helplessness.
The next second, her trembling body was instantly pulled into a warm and strong embrace. The man's muscular arms protected her.
"Don't be afraid, Carrie. I'm here." Ralph's low voice gave her a sense of security.
Carrie's mind was blank. "Ralph, I don't want to watch the show anymore. Let's go..."
"Okay."
Ralph respected her wishes and quickly led her out of the dolphin exhibit.
After leaving the gossiping crowd, Carrie's pale face became slightly relaxed, but her mood was far from the joy and excitement when they first arrived.
"Ralph, let's go back." Her lowered eyelashes fluttered lightly. "I've had a fun and satisfying day."
"Carrie, don't care about what they say."
Ralph knelt on one knee in front of her, looking up into her eyes with a deep gaze. "You must always remember that everyone lives for themselves, not to please others. No matter how amazing or outstanding you are, there will still be someone who dislikes you and mocks you.
"You must walk under the sun with a straight back. The more they try to bring you down, the more you
should live a beautiful life without caring about their opinions. That's the best way to fight back."
Carrie's eyes lit up when she heard his words.
"Think about Bella. She's perfect enough, but she still has to face so many criticisms and endure countless insults and slanders. But she doesn't care. Quoting her words, she wanted those people who wished the worst for her to fail in provoking or defeating her. There's no greater revenge than seeing their twisted faces of jealousy and resentment, yet they are unable to do anything."
Carrie lowered her head in self-doubt. "But I'm not as brave as Annie."
"Carrie, you are brave."
Ralph replied word by word with an intense gaze. "Every step you've taken and every choice you made is something others would never dare to do. You are far braver than I imagined."
His genuine and powerful words warmed her heart, and the sorrow she felt gradually dissipated.
At that moment, the amusement park's mascot team appeared.
###chapter1886
Two adorable, enormous mascots holding balloons walked toward them and stood side by side in front of them. Their clumsy and amusing appearance made Carrie smile again.
Ralph observed the chubby dog mascot and pink bunny mascot in front of him. It seemed like this was their first day on the job. They were moving so awkwardly and stiffly that he felt embarrassed for them. "Can I have a balloon?" Carrie's eyes sparkled like crescent moons as she reached out.
The dog mascot was completely stunned. However, the pink bunny mascot immediately reacted. It spun around the spot and handed Carrie a balloon.
"Thank you." Carrie's delicate face blushed as she smiled.
The pink bunny mascot hopped excitedly, gesturing enthusiastically for a photo together.
Ralph's eyes glimmered with laughter as he took out his phone. The pink bunny mascot gently pulled the shy Carrie over and carefully sent her into the arms of the dog mascot.
The warm plushy enveloped Carrie, and she closed her eyes in comfort as she leaned in.
The dog mascot raised its heavy arm, gently wrapping it around her waist and pulling her into its embrace with tender care.
In that instant, Carrie's heart trembled violently. A familiar feeling surged through her, leaving her momentarily lost.
Just then, a singer employed by the park performed a song on a nearby stage. It was a lyrical rendition of "One Last Time".
The dog mascot suddenly turned around, facing Carrie. Like a noble prince, he extended his hand to her, inviting her to dance.
Carrie stared at him in a daze, her slender hand lightly falling into the dog mascot's palm.
With the gentle melody playing, they ignored the onlookers and danced gracefully under the sun.
Backward, forward, spin, and spin again...
These familiar dance steps evoked a tidal wave of longing for Ryan within Carrie.
She felt like she had returned to
Willow Creek Villa, where he taught her to dance under the moonlight. The man had skilled and elegant, dance steps, while she always danced clumsily. Every time she stepped on Ryan, he would hook her chin and kiss her deeply before letting her go. 
"Once you get the hang of it, we'll be dance partners for life."
-"Don't dance for anyone else. Dance for me and me only."
Carrie held her breath, her eyes reddening, letting her tears blur her vision. Yet she dared not let them fall.
"One last time, I need to be the one who takes you home..."
Meanwhile, capturing all the
beautiful moments on his phone et
Ralph felt his heart pounding heavily. His pursed lips were holding back some complex emotion.
Just then, the lively pink bunny mascot hopped over to Ralph. It draped an arm around Ralph's shoulder and quickly whispered in his ear.
"Mr. Ralph, I'm Yasmin. Please send the photos to Mr. Hoffman later. Thanks."
"I already guessed." Ralph smiled helplessly. "You two really know how to put on a show."
"You guessed? Since when? Was it that obvious?!" The pink bunny mascot covered its chubby hands over its mouth.
Ralph's lips curled faintly. His gaze toward Carrie and the dog mascot was filled with indescribable envy and longing.
At the end of the song, the dog mascot bent down and gently touched Carrie's forehead with his own.
In that instant, Carrie could no longer hold back. All her suppressed emotions burst forth, and tears streamed down her face.
Stunned, the dog mascot hugged Carrie again, gently patting her back and silently comforting her.
He wanted to speak, but he feared he would scare her away.
But he longed to embrace her like
enabashedly expressing his
intense love and telling her, "Don't worry. I'm right here with you." 
###chapter1887
Watching Ryan embrace Carrie, Ralph felt a stinging sensation in his eye. He could not help but capture the moment on his phone. "Mr. Ralph, I'm curious. When did you realize it was us?" Dressed as the pink bunny mascot, Yasmin could not hold back her curiosity. "Maybe it's a cop's intuition."
Ralph did not tell Yasmin that he believed love was something one could never hide.
The moment he saw the dog mascot holding Carrie like a treasure, he knew it was Ryan.
"Please let Mr. Hoffman and Ms. Carrie spend a bit more time together. We promise not to disturb you again." Yasmin pleaded earnestly. "Don't worry about me. As long as Carrie is happy, that's all that matters." Ralph's voice was hoarse, as if filled with bitter sand.
Despite his reluctance, Ryan returned Carrie to Ralph's side.
He feared Carrie would find out about his disguise if he spent more time with her.
"Why are you crying?" Ralph gently asked Carrie, handing her a tissue.
"It's nothing. It's nothing..." Carrie murmured, wiping her puffy eyes.
Ralph knew why she was crying. His heart ached, but he still showed her a bright smile.
"Are you hungry? Let's go. I'll take you for some delicious food!"
The dog mascot watched them walk away. Then, it slowly turned and dragged itself in the opposite direction, its large head hanging low.
Yasmin followed Ryan to a secluded spot before removing her mascot head. Her black hair was plastered to her face with sweat as she took deep breaths of fresh air.
"Mr. Hoffman, you should take yours off, too. It's stifling. Mr. Hoffman?"
Yasmin called out to him twice. However, Ryan remained facing the wall, unresponsive.
Alarmed, she hurried forward and took off his headgear.
"Mr. Hoffman, you..."
In the next moment, Yasmin's eyes widened in panic.
Drenched in sweat, Ryan's black hair stuck to his forehead. His chest heaved violently within the oversized costume, and his stunning eyes were red and swollen. They could barely stay open. Ryan's sweat and tears had nearly soaked through the dog mascot's head.
"Mr. Hoffman..." Yasmin's throat tightened with sympathy, wanting to comfort Ryan but not knowing what to say.
Ryan pressed his hands against the wall, his body drained of all strength. He was on the verge of collapsing.
His once-reachable lover was now so difficult to approach that even being close was a challenge.
Despite being mentally prepared, the enormous gap between the past and present was almost unbearable for him.
"Why did she cry...?"
After a long pause, Ryan finally spoke in a broken, hoarse voice.
Yasmin's breath hitched. Just as she was about to respond, Ryan answered his own question. "Could it be that the dance reminded her of our past? Does Carrie still love me?" It was a question.
The unmatched heir of the Hoffman family finally lost his unparalleled confidence in this entanglement of love and pain.
"I believe Young Madam still loves you. No one can replace you in her heart," Yasmin responded firmly.
Love could overcome all obstacles.
Ryan wiped away the tears at the corner of his eyes. He took a deep breath and said, with his back to Yasmin, "Let me spend a little more time with her."
After dinner, Ralph and Carrie watched a float parade.
As night fell, the long-awaited fireworks show was about to begin.
Ralph had reserved the best viewing spot in advance. The two of them stood side by side, eagerly gazing at the night sky.
Not far away, Yasmin and Ryan, dressed in black coats, blended into the crowd. He gazed at Carrie's soft, beautiful figure and the delicate shoulders he once cherished. To Ryan, Carrie was more beautiful than the most splendid fireworks.
Joyful music filled the amusement park. Suddenly, a beautiful arc shot up to the sky like a meteor, blossoming into the most brilliant flowers against the velvety night. "Wow... Ralph! Look!"
Carrie's bright eyes widened with surprise as she pointed to the night sky. "It's so beautiful! That one is so pretty!"
"Yeah, beautiful."
But with his beloved by his side, Ralph had no interest in the fireworks. He stared intently at Carrie's delicate profile, unable to look away.
He did not often have the chance to be with her like this.
But when he did, even just one more glance at her was precious to him.
As the grand and splendid fireworks filled the entire night sky and the crowd erupted in joyful cheers, Ralph could no longer contain his feelings. Summoning all his Courage, he confessed to the girl beside him. 
"Carrie, I really like you. Will you be my girlfriend?"
Though his words were clear and steady, the laughter around them quickly swallowed his words.
Deeply entranced, Carrie's glass-like eyes reflected the fireworks above. She remained silent for a long while.
Ralph's heart pounded with anticipation and anxiety. Eventually, he curled his lips in resignation.
She probably did not hear him.
That was not a bad thing either.
"Ralph, thank you for everything
you've done for me, and thanks for liking me." Carrie gently turned her soft gazeto Ralph's stunned face She then spoke tenderly. "I wish you all the best and that you find someone who only loves you. Ralph, you'll find your one and only soon."
Ralph stared at Carrie. He tried blinking back the sting in his eyes, his voice trembling slightly as he asked, "Do you still love him?"
Carrie's pale pink lips curled slightly, like a thin crescent moon emitting a soft glow on the horizon.
"Yeah, I'm still in love with him."
Ralph lowered his gaze, his lashes
concealing his eyes. After a
moment, a faint, relieved smile played on his lips. He looked up at the fireworks, which he had almost missed entirely. 
In truth, he had anticipated this.
After enduring so much torment and self-imposed suffering, she finally admitted that she remained in love with Ryan. He was genuinely happy for her.
As the fireworks show neared its end, Ryan's phone vibrated incessantly in his pocket.
With his eyes fixed on Carrie, he raised the phone to his ear.
"Hello."
"Ryan! Ryan, it's me!" A woman's frightened, panicked voice came from the other end.
Ryan furrowed his brow. "Selena?"
"Liam's men are now hunting me down! I can't get out of Savrow! I'm really desperate now! Please help me find a way out!"
###chapter1888
Upon hearing her words, Ryan's eyes darkened. "You've called the wrong number. If you have a problem, call the police. I'm not handling this."
Call the police? She would not dare to call them!
After spending years with Liam, her hands were far from clean. If she reported this to the authorities, they would uncover everything, and she would eventually end up behind bars.
"Ryan! Liam has gone mad! He killed your grandfather!" Selena screamed hoarsely.
Ryan froze, then spun around abruptly. His handsome face was tense, and every muscle strained as his heart pounded against his ribcage.
"What did you just say? Repeat that!"
"Last night... Liam asked to meet your grandfather at the old Hoffman Estate. After hearing about it, I followed them, intending to settle the divorce issue with your grandfather face-to-face... But instead, I saw Liam and Lewis dragging body bags out of the villa. I even heard Liam instruct Lewis to dispose of your grandfather and his secretary's bodies!"
Selena's voice trembled as she recounted the terrifying scene, replaying it in her mind. "I was so scared that I turned and ran, but they saw me! They must have seen my car and realized it was me. I've been hiding in a small motel since last night. I'm too terrified to get out of here. Liam's men are definitely hunting for me. He'll kill me if I show up in front of him! If he can kill his father, what am I to him?"
"The bodies... Did he say how he's going to handle the bodies?" Ryan's mind was reeling, and he struggled to keep his voice steady.
"He told Lewis to take them west. I don't know anything else other than that!"
"Yasmin, stay here."
Ryan quickly hung up. Without further explanation, he disappeared like a dark whirlwind into the crowd.
He could not hear Selena's continued cries over the phone. He relied solely on his instincts as he pushed forward.
All he could see were the happy and smiley faces of the families around him.
It was like the entire world was perfect, except for the small part with him in it, which was collapsing into darkness. Memories flashed through his mind like lightning.
He remembered his grandfather being the one who often took him out when his father was busy with work.
He remembered Millionaire, the Doberman his grandfather had given him.
He recalled how strict his parents were and how his grandfather had bought him his first cotton candy.
His grandfather was also the one who gave him his name.
--"I've spent most of my life fighting and killing. My hands are stained with blood. I'm tired of it. I hope that the Hoffman family can walk the right path in the future. ì want my grandson to have a bright future." 
Without Logan, there would be no Ryan.
In that instant, he felt a sense of relief.
He even silently prayed that Selena was mistaken and that his grandfather was still at the Hoffman Estate, feeding his horses. Hearing Ryan's long pause, Selena decided to play her final card.
"Aren't you investigating who killed your father? tell you who did it... You're right. It was Liam all along! you can guarantee my safety and help me leave the country, I can give you the evidence that Liam
mov
murdered your father! I have proof!" 
Ryan closed his dark, cold eyes. The dual
ows of Selena's words twisted his insides in agony. A bitter taste rose in his throat. 
"Tell me where you're at right now."
After the fireworks show ended, Ralph and Carrie walked shoulder-to-shoulder with the large crowd, heading toward the exit.
Although Carrie had rejected his confession, Ralph was not one to be heartbroken. He chatted and laughed like nothing had happened. If they could not be lovers, he would be happy to just remain friends with her.
###chapter1889
Ralph would be happy to be Carrie's most trusted friend. Besides, looking after her was also a source of happiness for him. Yasmin followed them quietly.
She remembered Ryan's ashen face when he left. Something bad must have happened, and she was extremely anxious.
Ralph recalled how Carrie had stopped to look at a display of plush toys in a store window when they first arrived. Worried that carrying too many items would be inconvenient while they played, he decided to buy one for her as they left.
Now, standing at the store entrance, he saw the plush toys still on display.
Ralph's eyes lit up. "Carrie, wait here for a moment. I'll be right back."
"Okay." Carrie nodded sweetly, her beautiful eyes sparkling.
Ralph quickly turned and headed toward the store.
But after a few steps, he remembered that Carrie had social anxiety and might feel uncomfortable alone. So, he abandoned the idea of surprising her. Instead, he decided to bring her along and see if she liked anything else. After all, they would not come here often, and he wanted to spoil her a bit.
However, when he turned back, Carrie was gone!
"Carrie?!" His heart pounded with panic as he called her name repeatedly, but there was no response.
It had only been a few seconds. Just a few seconds!
A 22-year-old, perfectly healthy, lively young woman had vanished from the busy store entrance without a trace.
There had not been a single cry for help or any signs of a struggle.
Ralph's face was drained of color. He plunged into the crowd, his eyes red with desperation as he searched for her delicate figure among the sea of strangers.
But she was nowhere to be seen.
He could only see unfamiliar faces that filled him with dread. Just as he was about to pull out his phone, he received a call.
"Mr. Ralph! It's Yasmin. I've been following you saw two men in black knockout Ms. Carrie and take her away. They moved fast and seemed professional! I'm following them toward the park's north-side where there's an abandoned gate. They might be trying to escape through there! Hurry and catch up!" 
"Got it!" Ralph's veins bulged with tension as he sprinted north.
The north side of the amusement park was a forested area still under construction and development.
The path was completely dark, without a single street light.
Ralph quickly caught up to Yasmin. His experience as a detective honed his tracking skills, and he pursued the trail with determination. Soon, he glimpsed the two men carrying Carrie, running toward the north gate. 
"Police! Stop right there! Put her down!" Ralph roared, his voice echoing through the forest.
The word "police" had some deterrent effect. Upon hearing that, the two men paused momentarily.
But in the next second, they started running even faster.
"Damn it!"
gun
Ralph cursed angrily, his right hand reaching for the solid grip of his
BS "If you keep running, I'
shoot!" 
However, this did not even intimidate the kidnappers.
It was obvious they had strong backing.
"You're a cop. Firing your gun will probably cause you a lot of trouble! We can catch up with them!"
Before Yasmin could even finish her sentence, a dark figure appeared in front of them. He emanated a chilling aura.
Despite being alone, the figure stood like an insurmountable, icy mountain, blocking their path.
###chapter1890
Chapter 1890
"It's you?!" Ralph and Yasmin exclaimed in shock.
The man before them was the same assassin who had severely injured Yasmin and kidnapped Carrie last time.
Despite him standing motionless, his reappearance now sent a shiver down Yasmin's spine.
At this moment, Ralph was even more incredulous. His eyes were wide open, staring intently at Jace's familiar face that resembled that of his fifth brother.
"Just now, if you had shot and killed either of them, you might have had a chance to catch up. 1 unfortunately, you didn't."
But
Jace's cold eyes and mocking tone conveyed his disdain for Ralph. "That's why I despise you police officers. Even when given the power to punish evil, you waver. You think only about protecting yourself, hesitating, and looking back. Now, it's too late to catch up!"
"Who the hell are you?!" Sweat covered Ralph's forehead, and his voice brimmed with anger and urgency. "For those who are doomed, gaining more insights is pointless."
As Jace was speaking, a cold gleam flashed in his eyes. He moved like a shadow, launching himself at Ralph with lethal intent.
"Yasmin! Go after them and inform my sister and Justin that Carrie is in danger!"
Ralph shouted, narrowly dodging a powerful punch from Jace.
Yasmin nodded frantically. Although she was concerned for Ralph's safety, she knew staying to fight would only slow them down. Besides, she knew she was not a match for Jace.
They had no choice but to split up to increase their chances of success in saving Carrie,
However, just as Yasmin took a few steps, another figure in black, wearing a mask, blocked her path. Judging by the build, it was likely a woman.
"You must have a death wish!" Desperate to save Carrie, rage consumed Yasmin completely.
While Ralph and Jace battled fiercely, exchanging punches and kicks, Yasmin engaged with the female assassin.
Despite her old injuries, Yasmin fought with all her strength, her blows swift and fierce, whistling through the air.
But the woman was cunning. She dodged Yasmin's attack skillfully and used soft techniques to counter Yasmin's aggressive attacks.
Yasmin's eyes blazed with a bloodthirsty red, her killing intent palpable. She drew a folding knife from her waist. Without hesitation, she stabbed the woman.
To her utter shock, the woman did not dodge but took the blade head-on.
"Ugh-!" The woman let out a pained groan.
The knife plunged into her collarbone. It was just half an inch from a vital spot.
If it were not for the poor visibility in darkness, Yasmin would have stabbed a fatal spot, and she would have died on the spot.
Yasmin's pupils contracted sharply. "You...?!"
She could not believe the woman had not dodged her attack. Even if she had not dodged it, she could have avoided getting such a severe wound.
"Go to the abandoned factory in the west suburbs... The person you're looking for... They probably took her there..."
The woman panted. She then pushed Yasmin with all the strength she had left. "Hurry!"
Locking eyes with the woman's weak yet resolute gaze, Yasmin nodded firmly and sprinted away.
Meanwhile, Ralph showed signs of fatigue in his intense fight with Jace.
Despite his years as a police officer and countless encounters with criminals, none had matched this man's combat prowess.
He was a veritable killing machine, with extraordinary strength and stamina.
While others grew more fatigued as they fought, this man seemed to grow more energized as he went on. It was as if he was on steroids.
"Ugh-!"
Jace delivered a spinning kick, sending Ralph crashing to the ground.
In an instant, a gleaming military knife appeared in Jace's hand. Its cold blade was flashing menacingly in the dark.
As Jace leaped toward him, Ralph quickly drew his gun, gripping it tightly with both hands and aiming straight at Jace's head.
"Don't move!"
At that moment, Ralph lay on the ground while Jace knelt over him, his right arm raised high, poised to plunge the knife into Ralph's heart.
"I'll give you another chance to do it. Pull the trigger."
Jace taunted Ralph, showing no fear. He smirked, "Just shoot, and all your problems will go away. Do it."
Drenched in cold sweat, Ralph's breath was heavy and strained. His hands were trembling, which was a
rare occurrence.
This man looked exactly like his brother Hugh whenever he smiled.
"You missed your chance again. Goodbye, officer."
Without hesitation, Jace plunged the knife toward Ralph's heart, his smile still lingering.
###chapter1891
Chapter 1891
"Hugh!"
Ralph cried out, his eyes filled with shattered tears.
The knife's tip had already pierced through Ralph's coat. The sharp, icy pain had penetrated his skin.
Yet, as if some unseen force paused it, Jace abruptly halted.
Jace stared at Ralph's grief-stricken face, his eyes empty and soulless. A wave of unprecedented dizziness washed over him.
In that moment of distraction, Ralph fired.
The bullet struck Jace's knife-wielding arm. Though the pain was excruciating, the man did not utter a sound. His brow furrowed deeply as the weapon fell from his grasp.
Ralph wanted to apprehend him, but he felt weak from the fight. He could not get up from the ground, only gripping his gun tightly to prevent any counterattack.
But Jace did nothing more to him.
Instead, he helped his fallen comrade and quickly disappeared into the forest.
Silence fell as if nothing had happened.
"Hugh... Is it really you? Is that you...?"
Ralph whispered, enduring the pain as he got up and called the police. "An attempted kidnapping just occurred at Savrow Amusement Park. I need backup here!"
Jace and Yvonne were both seriously injured. But as they sat in the car, neither spoke a word.
Jace drove one-handed, ignoring the bullet wound in his right arm. He said coolly to Yvonne, "You need to go to the hospital."
"We have a doctor at Pivotage... They can handle it." Yvonne bled profusely, and she was slightly dazed. Jace glanced at her. "You held back."
"What..." Yvonne's long lashes fluttered, her heart pounding.
"You know what I mean."
"I've already told you... I won't be a match against her. Are you suspecting me even when I got this seriously injured?"
Yvonne looked innocent, adopting a resigned attitude. "Pfft, if he wants to doubt me, he shouldn't send me here. I'm so done with this..."
"The more he suspects, the more he'll send you on missions. The more you go on missions, the more you'll reveal. Mr. Iverson is very cunning." Jace spoke more than usual tonight.
Maybe the bullet wound was genuinely painful, and he sought distraction through conversation. Yvonne grew increasingly anxious. She forced herself to stay calm and shifted her focus to Jace. "Don't just talk about me. Didn't you hold back, too? You had a chance to kill Ralph. Why didn't you do it?" "Once he fired the first shot, there would be a second and a third. Christopher wants me to risk my life for
him, but he doesn't deserve it. The only person who can dictate my life is my boss."
Jace spoke indifferently, but Ralph's cry of "Hugh" echoed persistently in his mind.
It left him especially irritable.
"Yeah. After all, you're the boss's man. There's no need to risk your life for Mr. Iverson..." Yvonne sighed bitterly, closing her eyes in exhaustion.
After a moment, she heard him murmur, "I only care about the mission. Once it's done, I don't concern myself with the rest."
With that, Yvonne's heart finally settled. She whispered, "Thank you."
After leaving the amusement park, Ryan immediately sent Dean to protect Selena, the crucial witness.
Then he called back to the Hoffman Residence, only to hear that his grandfather and his secretary had both been missing since the previous night.
Given the gravity of the situation and the fact that it had not been 48 hours, they could not officially report it as a disappearance. Everyone was in a panic, awaiting Ryan's instructions.
Ryan closed his eyes in pain.
The reality had shattered his last bit of hope.
His grandfather was, most likely, no longer alive.
New and old grudges surged within him. At that moment, Ryan wanted nothing more than to catch Liam,
the heartless murderer, and make him pay with his life for his grandfather and father.
Ryan decided to break his agreement with Selena.
Even if she refused to testify about his father's death out of revenge, she still had to be the witness to testify against Liam for killing his grandfather.
Just as Ryan made up his mind to call the police, Justin's urgent call came through.
"Ryan! Someone kidnapped Carrie!"
A thunderous roar erupted in Ryan's mind. His already devastated heart sank to the deepest depths of despair.
"Yasmin and Ralph are doing everything they can to track the kidnappers. The location is an abandoned factory in the western suburbs. Bella and I are on our way there now!"
###chapter1892
Chapter 1892
It was damp, dark, and cold...
A musty odor mixed with the intense scent of tobacco struck Carrie as she struggled to open her heavy eyelids. She could not distinguish between dream and reality.
In her daze, she felt a cold, snakelike hand caressing her skin.
"Who are you...?!"
As if escaping from a nightmare, Carrie jolted awake, only to find herself in another terrifying one.
Sitting by her bed, Jason Solloway's pale hand was creeping up her slender ankle, inch by inch, caressing her smooth skin.
"Don't... Don't touch me!"
Struggling desperately, Carrie trembled all over, only to find her hands and feet bound, unable to move.
She watched in helpless despair as the man's filthy hand roamed her body, filling her veins with the scorching heat of humiliation.
"Don't?"
Jason smirked, teasingly brushing his lips as he whispered in her soft ear, his breath heavy with desire." When you say this to your fiance, doesn't it mean you're trying to play hard to get? You've lived with a man for so long. Haven't you tried everything by now? Come, let's have some fun, my dear fiancee."
"You're not my fiance... You're not!" Carrie shook her head vigorously, tears brimming in her eyes, trying to dodge his disgusting touch.
"Don't push your luck!"
Jason lost his patience, his true nature showing as he slapped her hard.
"You're nothing but a mentally ill woman abandoned by the Hoffman family. The Solloways graciously took you in. Yet, you dare to cheat on me with another man? Do you think that the Thompson boy will take you in? He's just enjoying the thrill of the chase! I despise Ryan, so I must marry you to make him watch his woman fall into another man's hands!"
As he spoke, Jason climbed onto the bed, pinning Carrie's delicate body under him. He undid his tie, and his eyes were gleaming with unfulfilled desire. "You're no longer a virgin. Ryan has already had his way with you. One more time with me won't make a difference. Let's treat tonight as our wedding night."
Carrie trembled uncontrollably, tears rolling down her pale cheeks like broken pearls. Struggling, she cried out with her hoarse voice, "Get off me... Go away! Don't touch me!"
However, in Jason's deranged mind, her resistance only fueled his excitement.
The sight of her tear-streaked and delicate face ignited a dark fire within him. It made him want to torment her even more.
Would the evil desires of his youth finally find fulfillment tonight?
As soon as Jason unbuckled his belt, the bedroom door suddenly flung open.
A man and a woman stood in the doorway. Their attire instantly marked them as wealthy heirs.
"Well, aren't you in such a rush to force yourself on her?" The woman in a red Chanel dress crossed her arms, watching with a smirk.
"Jason, didn't I tell you back in school? You've always had a thing for Carrie. You just didn't realize it." The eyes of the man in a tailored blue suit roamed over the disheveled girl on the bed. He licked his lips and said, "What's that saying again? When old classmates meet, they get it on! Hahaha!"
Through her tears, Carrie recognized the two of them. Her body went rigid. A wave of nausea and cold dread spread through her entire being, freezing every nerve.
After all these years, Carrie thought she had forgotten about them. But with just one look, she could name them all. Even if they turned to ash, she would recognize them.
They were the six demons.
They were the demons who had inflicted three years of agony upon her during middle school.
###chapter1893
"Why'd you barge in knowing I'm busy? You're a real buzzkill," Jason muttered as he slowly buckled his belt, his face dark with displeasure. The man in the blue suit flicked his cigarette to the ground. "You can finish up later. Zoe wants us to bring her over now."
Upon hearing Zoe's name, Carrie felt a wave of dizziness. She felt like she was falling into the depths of a hopeless inferno.
*
Justin, Bella, Steven, and lan sped toward the western suburbs.
Ralph was seriously injured, but he insisted on leading the operation himself. They were to meet at the abandoned factory.
They kept Carrie's kidnapping under tight wraps, fearing that any leaks could harm the interests of both the Salvador and Hoffman families. Besides, they thought the news could be too much for their grandfather to bear.
Moreover, if the kidnappers got wind of it, Carrie's life could be at greater risk.
On the way to the location, Justin received news from Ryan that Liam might have murdered Logan and immediately helped him report it to the police.
Overwhelmed with panic, tears brimmed in Bella's reddened eyes.
What was supposed to be a pleasant date night had turned into a nightmare.
How could anyone have the audacity to kidnap Carrie right under Ralph's nose?
"Ryan said that Selena wanted to discuss her divorce with Old Master Logan yesterday. However, she ended up witnessing Liam and his secretary disposing of the old man's body instead," Justin said, holding Bella's hand tightly. His dark eyes were grave.
"He committed patricide for his own selfish desires. Liam deserves to be a worm in his next life!" Bella seethed, her beautiful eyes burning with rage.
"Liam's men are now hunting for Selena all over the city. Desperate, she sought out Ryan, using evidence of Liam's crime as a bargaining chip for her safety."
"People come together for profit and disperse when it's gone. None of them deserve any pity!"
Bella clutched Justin's hand tightly, shaking her head in anguish. "I used to think Ryan, as the eldest
?
grandson of the Hoffman family, would grow up pampered and loved by his mother and grandfather. thought he would be much happier than you. But I was wrong. Every family has its struggles. But Ryan chose to suffer in silence." 
"Ryan had told me multiple times..."
Justin's deep, hoarse voice carried a note of sorrow. "Since his father's death, the happiest moments of his life were those spent with Carrie. She made him realize that he could love like an ordinary man. Carrie taught him what love is."
Upon hearing this, Bella's long-held tears finally fell.
After choking up momentarily, she murmured, "Carrie will be alright. They will be together."
Justin lowered his brooding eyes, wrapping his arms around the woman he loved. "They will be."
"Steve, how much longer until we reach the western suburbs?" Bella asked urgently after composing herself.
"Ms. Bella, the navigation shows the

road ahead is under construction. We'll need to take a detour. Even with the car at full speed, it'll take around twenty minutes!" Steven replied. He gripped the steering wheel so tightly that his knuckles turned white, and a thin sheen of sweat formed on his forehead. 
"Damn it! It's going to take another twenty minutes!"
Bella pounded her fist against the window, her almond eyes blazing like fire. "Now, we can only hope that the kidnappers' ive isn't to take Carrie's life but something else. As long as they're driven by greed, Carrie has a chance!" 
Just then, Bella's phone rang. It was a call from Yasmin.
Bella answered immediately, her voice frantic, "Yasmin, are you there already?!"
"Ms. Thompson, that woman tricked me!"
Yasmin panted, each word dripping with anger. "I'm at the abandoned factory in the western suburbs right now. I've searched the entire place thoroughly, but there's no sign of Young Madam!"
###chapter1894
"Carrie isn't there?!"
Upon hearing the grim news, Bella and Justin panicked.
"She's not! I've searched everywhere, but she's nowhere to be found!" Yasmin's voice carried a hint of tears.
Bella forced herself to stay calm, softening her tone to soothe Yasmin's emotions.
"Yasmin, earlier, you only told us that the kidnappers might've taken Carrie to the abandoned factory in the western suburbs. Now, tell me everything that happened. Who told you they took Carrie there?" "Mr. Ralph and I had nearly caught up with the kidnappers. But the same assassin who took Carrie last time came out and blocked our way!"
"Him again?!" Bella felt her heart clench.
The image of Carrie's sketch, which eerily resembled her brother, Hugh, flashed in her mind.
"I couldn't beat him, so Mr. Ralph decided to hold him off while I went to rescue Young Madam!"
Yasmin gritted her teeth. "But this time, he had an accomplice, a woman! She fought me for a bit before deliberately injuring herself with my blade. Then, she secretly told me the kidnappers took Young Madam to the factory and urged me to hurry there. I thought she was an ally, but it was a ruse. It was a diversion tactic! She sent me away to make it easier to attack Mr. Ralph! Ms. Thompson... I'm such an idiot! I should just die!"
"Yasmin, Ralph is fine. He's already leading a team toward the location. Don't worry. Don't blame yourself either." Justin's deep, calm voice patiently reassured Yasmin.
Bella thought quickly. A sudden realization struck her. She asked urgently, "What did that woman look like?"
"She wore a mask, but her eyes left a deep impression on me."
Yasmin confidently said, "They looked very much like yours."
"I see."
Bella took a deep breath, her tightly coiled nerves finally relaxing a bit "Yasmin, she's our ally. I can't reveal her identity for her safety, but believe the information she gave you is real and reliable!" 
At this point, Justin had already figured out the woman's identity. However, his brows furrowed even deeper with concern.
Still anxious, Yasmin asked hoarsely, "If the information is accurate, why can't I find Young Madam?!"
"Maybe she only overheard certain details and missed the specifics. But I'm sure Carrie wouldn't be too far from that area!"
Bella clenched her fists tightly. Her
gaze was as sharp as an eagle's. "That area is remote and desolate. There's nothing but that factory, with no residential areas or other
buildings nearby. Search the vicinity carefully. You're bound to find something!" 
"Alright!"
As soon as the call ended, the couple exchanged a knowing look and spoke in unison, "Christopher!"
Whether it was this or the previous time, Christopher had always been the mastermind!
This explained why Liam could find such a powerful helper. It was because the assassin was one of Christopher's men.
It was Christopher pulling the strings. He attempted to use Liam to destroy Ryan, bring down the Hoffman family, and reap the benefits after the chaos.
What sent chills down Bella's spine was that Christopher, having frequented the Thompson household since childhood, must have known and recognized Hugh.
Despite knowing the assassin's resemblance to her brother, Christopher still chose to use him to harm her and Justin's dearest friends.
Such insidious, ruthless, and deranged tactics!
As Bella contemplated, Justin's eyes darkened it looked as though they were brewing a storm of rage. "f won't go easy on anyone who messes with my sister and my best friend. I'm going to kill Christopher!" 
###chapter1895
"No, we can't alarm Christopher!" Bella firmly pressed down on Justin's shoulder, her delicate brows furrowed. "Who do you think will be in danger if we involve him in this?" Justin's eyes widened slightly, "Yvonne."
"Previously, Yvonne helped Drew escape from Pivotage and provided us with crucial information that led to James' downfall. Now, she's risking her life to reveal Carrie's location. It's clear she has switched sides and is our ally! If we confront Christopher now, we'll put Yvonne in grave danger. Given Christopher's ruthless nature, he'll kill her in a fit of rage.
Justin felt a sharp pain in his chest. His heart was heavy with suppressed emotions.
He wrapped his arm around Bella's waist, pulling her close, his low and hoarse voice whispering near her ear, "Bella, you're too kind. You never want to betray or harm anyone who has helped you before."
"I believe that anyone with a shred of conscience cannot tolerate Christopher's action and only serves him because they have no choice." Bella felt her heart aching, but her gaze was resolute. "As long as she holds on to that bit of light, I'm willing to be her beacon."
Under the influence of the drug, Carrie's head remained heavy. Jason's slap had left her porcelain-like cheeks swollen. Jason and the man in the blue suit dragged her out of the bedroom and tossed her to the ground without a shred of care.
Carrie's frail body hit the floor hard, her delicate spine curling in pain, and her long lashes glistening with tears.
Even in such a pitiful state, disheveled and lying on the ground, Carrie retained a hauntingly fragile beauty, like a shattered jade.
The two men watching could not take their eyes off her, their Adam's apples bobbing.
Noticing the evident arousal, the woman in the red dress sneered with disdain and jealousy. "Back in school, you all couldn't stand Carrie. Now, have your tastes changed?"
"She hadn't blossomed back then.
Who knew she'd turn out this stunning? Who wouldn't get mesmerized by her?" A man in a white leisure suit said this while laughing wickedly. 
"No wonder there are rumors that Ryan settled down after keeping this beauty. If had such a gem at home, I wouldnt be interested in looking for more either. Besides, Carrie is simple-minded. A naive woman is always easier to control," another man remarked. 
The woman in the red dress shot him a cold look. "Oh, it seems like you're already planning the kids' names, huh? Why don't you marry her then, Mr. Wales?"
Ivan Wales quickly backed off. "No, no. If my dad found out I married a mentally ill woman, he'd beat me to death!"
Carrie half-closed her swollen eyelids, her complexion paler than snow. She looked as if she were on the verge of breaking.
In a daze, she saw a pair of figures approaching her.
Just then, a voice, dripping with a playful tone, drifted into her ears from above.
"Carrie, look up and see who's here to see you."
It was Zoe's voice.
Barely clinging to consciousness, Carrie struggled to lift her eyelids.
The next moment, her bloodshot eyes widened gradually. As if a sharp needle had pierced her throat, a choked cry forced its way out. "Be...tha...ny..."
"Tsk, how rude. Not even a 'sister'.”
Bethany looked down at Carrie coldly, giving her a disdainful kick.
"Do you know how difficult it was for
us sisters to meet again? Do you know how much effort it took for your dear sister to return to Savrow? Do you know how miserable. was abroad these past few days? Tonight is a rare opportunity for us to get together. We need to catch up properly and settle some old scores." 
###chapter1896
Carrie stared at Bethany's repulsive face for a moment.
The eyes that had once been dull and lifeless from the torture were now shining bright and clear. When her eyes met Bethany's angry expression, it only fueled her rage even more! "You fool! Don't you dare look at me that way with those eyes!"
Bethany glared furiously and was about to kick her again, but was stopped by Zoe.
"Alright, alright, if you want to let out your frustration, I'll give you time to do it later."
At that moment, Ivan yawned lazily. "Zoe, why did you gather us from all around the world to this remote mountain? Couldn't you have chosen a more decent place for the class reunion?" Jason glanced at him coldly, "A decent place wouldn't have let you witness this great show, would it? After all these years, why is your brain still like a child's?" "Damn it, you..."
Ivan was about to lash out angrily but was stopped just in time by the young woman in the red dress, who signaled him to hold back with a shake of her head.
The Solloway family was thriving in the political scene of Savrow. These rich kids had no morals but were exceptionally adept at currying favor and going with the flow.
"Ms. Hoffman, stop keeping us in suspense. What did you call us here for?" The man in the blue suit asked with a cheeky grin.
Relishing their curiosity, Zoe walked to the corner where an old, dusty piano stood. She lifted the lid, revealing the black and white keys, which were as new as ever.
She swiftly ran her fingers across the piano keys, creating an eerie sound that echoed through the empty living room.
Carrie curled up into a ball, her body trembling with pain. Tears streamed down her face as she was consumed by terrified hopelessness. She bit her pale lips until they bled, but she couldn't stop the dark memories from flooding her mind.
In the past, a group of students regularly bullied her in an abandoned music classroom, and Zoe was the one who would play the piano during these cruel incidents. The combined physical and emotional abuse left her deeply traumatized, worsening her condition. Now, even the mere sound of the piano filled her with inexplicable fear.
"I've gathered all of my old friends here today because it's been a long time since I've seen you all. I missed all of you," Zoe said, casually tossing her meticulously styled brown curls, her smile both alluring and somewhat mocking.
She continued, "Also, I wanted to see which one of my dear classmates decided to betray me."
As soon as Zoe made that remark, the group exchanged surprised and bewildered glances.
The young woman in the red dress chuckled. "Zoe, what made you say that?"
Zoe sneered coldly, took out her phone, and played a video that Liam had secretly recorded ten years ago to threaten her.
The video clearly showed Zoe cornering Carrie against the wall, laughing as she slapped Carrie several times.
"I remember that some of you were there at the time. Who's going to come forward and admit it?"
The air was thick with silence.
"It doesn't matter if nobody wants to admit to it."
Zoe smiled, her eyes filled with malice, as she scanned the group. "Ladies, feel free to slap this fool a few more times. As for the gentlemen, just fuck her for me, and I'll record the whole thing with my phone. That way, you'll have dirt on me, and I'll have dirt on you. We'll call it even, and I'll let bygones be bygones." 
Carrie felt completely overwhelmed, as if she had fallen off a cliff, plunging into a hellish abyss with no way out.
All the men present were furious, including Jason. Previously, Zoe had promised him that Carrie was his alone to enjoy. How did it become a free-for-all now?
"Zoe, you've lost your mind! This is
gang rape! You could go to jail for
this!" Although Ivan was tempted, he
didn't have the courage to go

through with it. He bolted for the door and said, "I'm not doing this. I've got plenty of women, and I'm not taking this risk. Whoever screwed you over, go after them. I'm out of here!" 
"You can't leave." Zoe's eyes
darkened fiercely. "I've had my
people lock down the villa, and I'll kill anyone who tries to leave. Those who die
but here can be easily
disposed of. I'll just bury them in some random grave. I wonder how your parents would feel about that." 
The group appeared visibly anxious, sweating profusely.
###chapter1897
Chapter 1897
Someone secretly took out their phone to call for help, only to find there was no signal at all!
The Hoffman family was one of the four major families in Savrow, and their background was anything but clean, with connections in both the underworld and the business world.
When they were younger, they played around without thinking of the consequences. Now that they were all grown up, they knew how to get what they wanted and avoided trouble. How could they not be afraid? "I know what you're afraid of. Don't worry, Carrie won't be walking out of this place alive tonight." Bethany's lips curled into a wicked grin as she glared at Carrie with malice and madness. "This way, we're all in this together. No one will ever find out whatever happens to her tonight."
Despite her convincing words, several people still hesitated to step forward.
The first one to go would receive the maximum penalty.
"Hmph, each of you acts like a king on your own territory, but when faced with a critical moment, you're all useless." Zoe sneered, her sinister gaze falling on Jason's face.
The humiliation Jason had endured from the Thompson family, the Salvador family, and his father had already filled him with deep resentment. Additionally, the recent matchmaking between the two families stirred up a faint, unclear affection for Carrie.
From the moment Jason saw this young woman being gently protected by Ryan at the Iverson family's banquet, his heart was moved.
After becoming her fiancé, his desire to completely possess her only grew stronger.
Jason felt a malicious thrill as he approached Carrie, who was lying motionless.
To make it easier to deal with her, he untied the rope around her ankles, which were chafed and bloodied.
The men in the blue suit and athletic wear stared intensely, their bodies flush with unrelenting heat as their imaginations ran wild.
At that moment, Carrie's face was completely devoid of expression, her dark empty eyes lacking any spark of life.
Jason gripped her hair tightly with his fingers, forcing her to lift her head and meet his gaze. "Carrie, we're finally going to consummate our marriage. Don't be afraid, I'll make you feel good..."
As he spoke, he couldn't hold back any longer and fiercely kissed her swollen, bloody lips, easily prying her mouth open.
Jason was overwhelmed with desire, savoring the softness and sweetness of her lips. 'Ryan really knows how to enjoy himself!'
Meanwhile, his other hand was fumbling to undo his pants. The lust was driving him crazy.
Despite being mentally prepared, Zoe could not help but feel jealous when she saw her lover being intimate with the woman she despised the most.
She clenched her jaw and snatched Carrie's beloved teddy bear. Her eyes narrowed with spite as she waved the teddy in front of Carrie.
The next second, she violently ripped the teddy bear's head off and hurled it to the ground, stomping on it furiously in a fit of rage!
"Hahaha! Tear it apart! I've always despised that hideous thing." Bethany clapped her hands, applauding. Carrie's bloodshot eyes widened suddenly, tears of hatred rolling down her cheeks one after another. "Ah-!"
Suddenly, Jason jumped up from the ground, letting out a frightened cry while covering his mouth. Sweat streamed down his face as he mumbled incoherently, fresh blood continually seeping through his fingers! Carrie's breathing was heavy and labored, her eyes burning with intense anger as she glared at Zoe, forcefully spitting on the ground.
Seeing the bloody on the floor, everyone stepped back in fright-it was half of Jason's tongue!
Zoe and Bethany were caught off guard, too stunned to move. They didn't think destroying that teddy bear would awaken the beast inside Carrie.
With blood all over her mouth, Carrie staggered up from the ground and charged straight at Zoe.
"Aah! My ear!"
Carrie shoved Zoe against the wall and sank her teeth into Zoe's ear, refusing to let go as Zoe shrieked like a pig in a slaughterhouse.
###chapter1898
Chapter 1898
Justin and Bella, along with Ryan, arrived at the courtyard of the abandoned factory at the same time.
As Ryan stepped out of the sports car, his face was completely drained of color. His eyes were dark and cold, the pupils glinting with intensity under the glare of the car's headlights.
"Where is Carrie? Are there any updates?!" His eyes were strained, and his lips were dry and cracked.
His overly hoarse voice made his words sound fragmented.
Seeing this, Justin felt an indescribable pain in his heart. In a single evening, Ryan was hit with one blow after another, like a series of thunderous shocks. Despite his composed exterior, he was falling apart on the inside.
"Yasmin got here earlier and has been tracking her down. I tried calling her but can't get through to her anymore!" Bella said, pulling out her phone and clenching her jaw. "All signals here are blocked. The kidnappers chose this place on purpose! Those sneaky bastards!"
Justin pulled Bella into his arms and said, "Bella, don't panic. I was expecting this. Ian has already contacted Salvador Corporation's telecommunications team to quickly set up portable satellite stations and some new equipment. We should be able to get a decent signal back up."
He had anticipated this crisis and made preparations accordingly. After all, this was not his first time dealing with such a situation. What Carrie was experiencing now was something he had personally gone through when he was younger.
"Yasmin has a knack for tracking people down. She'll be fine... She'll find her..." Ryan's pale lips quivered as he repeated these words, uncertain if he was trying to reassure the others or himself.
Disregarding them, Ryan walked toward the back of the mountain, only to be stopped by Justin. "Ryan, where are you going?"
"To search for Carrie." Ryan's eyes had a dazed look.
"On your own? You won't find her even if you scale the mountains!"
Justin's gaze was intense. "Stay calm. Bella and I have sent people to search for her, and Ralph will be here soon!"
"Stay calm... Justin, the one who was kidnapped is Carrie! She's my life!" Ryan suddenly grew frantic, his eyes turning red. "I have nothing left. Carrie is all I have... If something happens to her... If anything at all happens to her..."
He could not speak anymore.
Though he was still alive, he felt no different from being dead inside.
At this moment, Ralph arrived with the police force. They surrounded the entire factory grounds, and drones were deployed to search the entire western suburbs.
"Team One, thoroughly search the back of the mountain! Team Two, come with me!"
"Yes, Captain Ralph!"
Ralph's chest hurt with each breath from the beating by Jace.
Though his colleagues urged him to go to the hospital, concerned that his injuries could be life- threatening if left untreated, Ralph could not bring himself to worry about his own wellbeing. His sole focus was Carrie's safety.
"Ralph!" Bella noticed how rough he looked, so she hurried over to help him.
"Don't worry, I'm fine."
Ralph took a deep breath. When he glanced at Ryan, he felt a twinge of guilt. "Mr. Hoffman, I'm really sorry. I..."
"It's not your fault." Ryan interrupted him, his words trailing off into the chilly air. "You've been protecting Carrie with all your heart, I know. The people who kidnapped Carrie were probably after me. I'm the one who put Carrie in danger."
Upon hearing this, Ralph felt even more guilty. He wished Ryan would grab his collar and punch him, cursing him with the harshest words.
Carrie's hands were still tied, but she was like a little lion running rampant in a cage. She fought back fiercely and hysterically at her captors, who had caused her so much pain.
But her fragile body was soon knocked to the ground.
###chapter1899
Chapter 1899
"Hit her... Hit her hard!"
Zoe clutched her injured ear, her expression filled with rage as she shouted, "If you don't beat her, do you want to be bitten by her?!"
The other four people were terrified. No one wanted to end up like Jason, so they began punching and kicking Carrie.
Someone kicked Carrie in the stomach, and the intense pain caused her to cough up a mouthful of blood.
Her body was brutally tortured.
Yet Carrie only smiled, feeling more relaxed than ever. For the first time in her life, she fought with all her might to stand up for herself. Even if she died today, she had no regrets.
Bethany watched the spectacle, clutching her belly in laughter, utterly amused.
"Did I call you here just to let you enjoy the show?" Zoe sneered, shoving her roughly. "She's already half- dead. Go and finish her off!"
Bethany pointed at herself. "Me? Why don't you do it?"
"I'm giving you the chance to kill your enemy. Do you expect me to do the dirty work myself?"
"Haha... Zoe, do you really think I'm stupid? If I did it, I'd be a murderer, wouldn't I?" Bethany crossed her arms and said, "If you want to kill or behead her, then do it yourself. Why should I take the risk for you? I wouldn't even help my own mother, let alone you."
"Bethany!" Zoe shouted in fury, "You deaf bitch! You deserved to end up like this!"
The insulting term "deaf bitch" was caught in Bethany's throat. She laughed sinisterly. "I'm not just a deaf bitch. I also have AIDS."
"What?!" Zoe stepped back in horror, feeling sick to her stomach. "You bitch, you actually have such a filthy disease?! Stay away from me!"
"Stay away from you? Haha... Too late. We're on the same boat now." Bethany's eyes were wild and sickly. "Ms. Zoe, welcome to the world of AIDS."
"What are you saying..."
"Remember the coffee I treated you to last time? To express my gratitude, I added a special ingredient to it -my blood."
Zoe felt like she was struck by lightning, her world spinning. The memory of that coffee suddenly came rushing back. That bizarre metallic flavor...
"Ugh!" She bent over, clutching her chest, vomiting everything she had.
At the same time, a loud clamor echoed from downstairs, followed by rapid footsteps.
With a tremendous bang, the door was kicked open. Armed with a blade, Yasmin burst in like a Grim Reaper. These pampered bullies were no match for this elite bodyguard.
In no time, she had all five of them on the ground, her knife slicing through their hands and feet with lightning speed.
Regardless of gender, no one was spared. She severed their tendons, rendering them helpless.
The continuous screams turned the place into a blood-soaked slaughterhouse.
When it came to Jason, who was already half mute, Yasmin stabbed him twice more in the legs, avenging her boss for this scoundrel's assault on his beloved wife!
"Run... Run!"
Zoe and Bethany tried to flee in terror, but Yasmin wasn't about to give these monsters a chance to escape.
###chapter1900
Chapter 1900
Yasmin leaped forward, grabbing both girls by the hair with such force that they felt as if their scalps were being ripped off.
"Ahh!"
Yasmin, ruthless and silent, slammed their vile heads together with all her might.
Zoe and Bethany dropped to the ground like lifeless chickens, instantly knocked unconscious.
Yasmin's chest heaved with a mix of hatred and anguish. She wanted to kill them, but she knew these two despicable creatures needed to be left for Ryan and Justin to personally deal with. Only then would true satisfaction be achieved.
"Young Madam!"
Yasmin kneeled beside the battered Carrie, her blood-stained hands gently lifting Carrie's limp body, trembling as she embraced her.
"Yasmin..." Carrie struggled to smile, her lips barely curling into a faint arc, still trying to comfort her. "I ... I'm okay... I covered my head... I fought back... I will never let... Anyone... Bully me again..."
"Well done, Young Madam... Well done!"
Yasmin wiped her tears away and cradled Carrie's bruised body in her arms. "Let's go. I am taking you home... We're going home!"
As she stepped out the door, she suddenly froze. There were two gun muzzles pressed against her head.
Bella's voice was heavy with concern as she asked Ralph, "Has Chairman Hoffman's body been found?"
Ralph frowned and replied, "Yes. The search team found it so quickly that they felt something was off about the whole situation."
The three of them looked at him in bewilderment. "What do you mean?!"
"According to the witness, Selena said that Liam instructed his secretary to dispose of the body in the west area, claiming there were hardly any cameras in that area. But that region is actually a major government development site, with surveillance cameras everywhere. The bodies weren't even buried. It was simply left by the highway, as if they didn't care if the bodies were found."
A dark glint flashed in Justin's eyes. "Logan was just murdered last night, and today Carrie was kidnapped. Liam was definitely involved in both cases!"
"No... No!" Bella was stunned, her face growing pale as a dark, ominous feeling overcame her.
Just then, Steven rushed over with his phone in panic.
"Ms. Bella! Mr. Salvador! Something's wrong. Look at this!"
They all looked at the screen. On a certain platform, an anonymous and mysterious livestream had gathered twenty to thirty thousand viewers. To their shock, the live feed showed Carrie being tortured by Zoe and Bethany's gang!
From Jason's attempted rape, to when she resisted, to her being beaten by the five of them... The entire brutal process was recorded by hidden cameras and broadcasted online.
The livestream had a title-
[The Tragic Fate of the Salvador Family Heiress: Bullied by Zoe Hoffman for Years, Live Execution of the Bullies Tonight!]
"Carrie!" Ryan cried out, tears welling up in his eyes. The woman he cherished as his beloved treasure was being cruelly trampled, bullied, and humiliated by these scumbags!
The livestream proved these villains would be exposed, but it was also agonizing to watch, tearing Ryan's heart apart with each passing moment.
"Carrie!" Justin and Ralph cried out in anguish.
Just then, Bella realized something even more horrifying and cried out anxiously, "It's Liam! He set up this livestream! He's doing this intentionally! He planned this all along, and Carrie's life is in danger!"
###chapter1901
As the livestream flickered across screens, the authorities successfully pinpointed the kidnappers' location. Within minutes, a fleet of police cars swarmed the perimeter of the secluded villa, their sirens cutting through the heavy silence of the night, blue and red lights dispelling the encroaching darkness.
Inside, the scene was chaotic. Zoe, startled by the sudden intrusion, attempted to retreat into the shadows, but a group of determined faces burst into the room before she could move.
“Carrie!”
Ryan was the first to charge in, his eyes clouded with a mix of raw agony and desperate hope. A man who had faced countless dangers with Justin, Ryan now appeared shaken, his steps uneven as he scanned the room. The main hall was littered with unconscious figures, but Carrie was nowhere to be seen.
Justin and Bella moved through the adjoining rooms, their voices echoing Carrie’s name, but the silence that followed was deafening. Ralph, leading the tactical team, soon joined them. “We’ve secured the entire villa, from the attic to the basement. There’s no sign of her.”
“And Yasmin?” Bella asked, her face pale with worry.
“Her phone is being tracked, but we’ve lost the signal,” Ralph replied grimly.
Justin’s expression hardened. “Bella, if this was Liam’s orchestration, this location might have been a calculated distraction to move Carrie and Yasmin while we were closing in.”
Cornered and trembling, Zoe realized the weight of her actions was finally catching up to her. Seeing Ryan, she attempted to craft one last facade of innocence, crawling forward with a pleading cry. “Ryan! Thank goodness you’re here... Liam forced me into this, he was going to—”
“Save it,” Ryan interrupted, his voice trembling with a suppressed, volatile fury. He pushed past her with such force that she recoiled, hitting the floor with a heavy thud. The sight of her sparked a dangerous fire in his eyes—a reflection of the betrayal and pain she had inflicted on the woman he loved.
Ryan stepped toward her, his presence looming and suffocating. For a moment, his restraint nearly shattered. He grabbed her by the arm, forcing her to face him. “Where is she? Where did Liam take her?”
Zoe struggled to maintain her lie, her voice trembling. “I... I don't know... Ryan, believe me, I was a victim too...”
The air in the room grew cold. Justin watched from the sidelines, his gaze icy. While he shared Ryan’s visceral anger, he knew that letting rage dictate their actions would only lead to further ruin. He signaled to Ralph, who stepped in to intervene before the situation escalated beyond repair.
“Ryan, stand back!” Ralph commanded, placing a firm hand on Ryan’s shoulder. “If you let your anger win, we lose our best chance at finding her. We need her in state custody, not as a casualty of your grief. Do you want to find Carrie, or do you want to spend the rest of your life behind bars?”
Ryan’s breath hitched, his fingers tightening briefly before he finally released his grip. He looked down at Zoe with profound disgust. “Every second you spend lying is a second Carrie remains in danger. Tell the truth, Zoe. For once in your life, do the right thing.”
Zoe looked around at the circle of stern faces, the reality of the evidence against her finally sinking in. The game was over, and the only question left was whether she would help them find Carrie before it was too late.

###chapter1902
Chapter 1902
Bella was trembling with rage as tears streamed down her face. She shouted, "Since you entered this villa, everything you've done has been recorded by hidden cameras and broadcasted online. The whole country has seen your crimes. Liam set you up from the very beginning, but you still refuse to tell the truth? Will you only come clean when you see your own grave?"
Zoe was completely dumbfounded, her mouth opening wide in shock, forming a bloody gap.
"I know! I know!" Ivan, the coward among them, dragged his crippled body like a seal to Justin's feet. " Two men took Carrie and another woman away! Zoe even called one of them Uncle Lewis, but he ignored her! Mr. Salvador! Mr. Hoffman! We were all deceived by Zoe! She... She threatened us... She said she'd kill us if we didn't hurt Carrie... We had no choice... Ah!"
Justin glared at him coldly, then kicked him in the face. "Is that so?"
Ivan cried out as his teeth shattered.
"Back in junior high... Zoe was already bullying Carrie! We were all bewitched by her!" The man in the blue suit cried out.
"Zoe! Didn't you ask who betrayed you? It's me, damn it!" The woman in the red dress, with nothing left to lose, confessed openly. "I've had enough of your arrogance! You've been using us to bully Carrie all along, never treating us as equals!"
It was truly a scene of betrayal.
Jason, sprawled in the corner, wanted to speak but could not. His tongue was severed, rendering him mute. However, Justin would not let this bastard, who had tried to assault his sister, off the hook. He stormed over and viciously kicked Jason between the legs.
"Mm-mm-mm!" Jason's severed tongue squirmed in his mouth as his body tensed up. He passed out from the agony.
Bella's eyes burned with fury as she said, "He works for Liam. Ralph, we need to catch Liam right away!"
"The warrant has already been issued. All ports, stations, and airports are locked down. He won't be able to get away!" Ralph clenched his fists. The sound of cracking knuckles showed how he barely kept his emotions in check as the captain of the criminal investigation team.
"Ha-ha... Ah-ha-ha-ha-ha!"
Bethany, with a large bump on her head, eventually regained consciousness and cackled wildly at Zoe, accusingly pointing her finger. "Zoe, you've harassed me for far too long and destroyed my life... But now you've finally got your karma!"
Bella was so angry that she walked over and slapped her hard, twice. "Who brought you back? Tell me!" "Heh-heh... I won't tell you until I die, bitch!" Bethany laughed foolishly.
"You think escaping back here means you'll get away with it? Your fate will be even worse!"
"It doesn't really matter. I'm already riddled with diseases. What do I have to be afraid of? I made Zoe drink my blood, so she's gonna get sick too. And Carrie bit Zoe, so she's going down with it as well. Haha! They all have AIDS now! Justin, even your precious little sister is caught up in this mess. Serves you right! Haha!"
Bella sneered at Bethany's sickly appearance. The chances of actually getting AIDS that way were next to none, since the HIV virus could not survive in the gut.
But Bella was not going to enlighten Bethany. Let this fool keep living in her delusion of a successful plot, and let Zoe stay in constant fear. They deserved it!
Ryan forcefully threw Zoe to the ground, his chest burning with intense hatred as he said, "Zoe, every kick you gave my wife, I'm returning it to you now! Even if you died a thousand times, it wouldn't make up for what you did to Carrie!"
Just then, his phone rang.
Ryan glanced at the name on his phone screen, his eyes widening.
It was Liam.
He brought the phone to his ear, bracing himself as the sinister voice came through. "Ryan, your uncle hasn't shown you much love over the years. Considering our familial bond, what did you think of the little present I left you?"
Everyone held their breaths while the police tracked Liam's location through Ryan's phone.
"This is between you and me. Leave Carrie and Yasmin out of it." Ryan's voice was so hoarse that he could hardly form a sentence.
"I've sent you the address. Come find me." Liam laughed maliciously, "It's time for us to finish this."
###chapter1903
In the phone call, Liam stated two conditions. No guns were allowed, and Ryan had to go by himself.
"Justin, Bella, Captain Ralph, I'm leaving this to all of you. I'll meet Liam." Ryan quickly spun around and rushed out the door without a second thought. "Ryan!" Justin cried out, his heart full of anguish, as he grabbed him. "This is a trap Liam set up. He could kill you. You can't go by yourself!" Ryan replied with a bitter smile, "He wants me dead."
Bella spoke firmly. "Ryan, we'll go with you. We can set up an ambush and wait for the right moment to rescue Carrie and Yasmin.”
Ryan shook his head. "Thank you, Bella. But I can't gamble with their lives. If my life can ensure Carrie and Yasmin's safety, it's worth it." Bella's eyes were filled with tears, and Justin's heart sank.
"Ryan," Ralph said, his eyes filled with determination. He stepped forward and opened his palm, revealing an extremely small tracking device. "Please wear this on your body and stay in contact with the police. I'll handle things from here."
Ryan's pale lips quivered as he took the device. "Thank you."
"Whether it's you, Carrie, or Yasmin, you must all come back safe and sound." Ralph took a deep breath and gave a warm, reassuring smile. "I'm worried about you. It's not just Bella and Justin waiting for you, but also me!"
Ryan was briefly taken aback, but then gave Ralph a warm smile and patted his shoulder reassuringly.
The early morning sky was devoid of stars, and the moon's dim, hazy glow only added to the loneliness and coldness.
The tires screeched as the sports car drifted to a stop in the middle of the construction site.
Ryan found himself standing in front of a partially constructed commercial complex, one of the many developments overseen by the Hoffman Group.
This particular project had initially been under Liam's management, but after he was kicked out of the Hoffman Group, the project was passed onto Ryan instead.
Ryan headed toward the door, each step firm and resolute. He was determined to bring Carrie back, no matter the cost. 'Carrie, a life without you is utterly meaningless.'
He pushed open the heavy door and walked in with a solemn expression.
The hall was empty.
Just then, there was a message from Liam.
[Come to the fifth floor, the swimming pool. You can choose to take the stairs or the elevator.]
Ryan found the last part of the message strange.
After thinking it over for a bit, he opted to use the stairs instead, believing it would be the safer choice.
He hurried up the stairs but had only made it to the second floor when he heard frenzied footsteps behind him.
Turning quickly, his eyes widened in shock as he barely avoided the threatening blades.
A group of thugs charged at him, their knives swinging wildly.
Ryan fought back fiercely, disarming one of them. He snatched over the blade and sliced through them, leaving a trail of fallen bodies.
However, Ryan sustained some injuries too. His black coat was shredded, so he tore off a strip of fabric to wrap around his arm, keeping a firm grip on the weapon. 
Another wave of attackers came rushing in, ready to continue the attack.
###chapter1904
Chapter 1904
Ryan knew this was Liam’s way of making the “game” more difficult for him.
He no longer played around with words and sprinted toward the elevator several meters away, frantically pressing the buttons.
A few excruciating seconds later, the doors slowly opened, only to reveal five henchmen waiting inside, wielding sharp blades.
...
At the swimming pool, Liam lay on a lounge chair, smoking his favorite cigar while playing his favorite rustic tunes on his phone. Every few minutes, he glanced at his watch, smacked his lips, and continued to rest his eyes.
Twenty minutes later, the elevator doors directly facing the pool beeped and opened. Liam's bored, half-closed eyes suddenly widened.
He saw Ryan stepping over bodies strewn on the ground.
Ryan’s steps were heavy but resolute as he walked toward the pool. He was like a war god emerging from a sea of corpses.
Blood stained his cold, handsome face, and his white shirt had been dyed a glaring, striking red.
“Wow, kid… Impressive.” Liam took a deep drag of his cigar, genuinely gaining a bit more respect for the young man. He had not expected Ryan to emerge alive from the elevator. But this kid just did it.
When Logan was young, he was a legendary figure in the underworld, and Ryan already had a faint resemblance to his grandfather in his prime.
Ryan walked into the pool area, staring intensely at his sworn enemy, his lips pale and his body cold.
He had more than one knife wound on his body, and his arm was still bleeding. The elevator battle had nearly cost him his life, and it was his budding love for Carrie and his worry for Yasmin that had driven him to endure the attacks.
"Ryan, you’re something else." Liam gave him a thumbs up.
"Where are Carrie and Yasmin?" Ryan panted, the sweat on his face washing away the bloodstains.
"Now that you’re here, don’t be in such a rush. Let’s have a heart-to-heart talk." Liam turned off the rustic tunes and smiled meaningfully. "After all, such an opportunity won’t come again in the future."
"Did you kill my grandfather and my father?"
"Of course," Liam answered with a smile.
"Why..."
"Because they both hindered me to different extents from getting what should have been mine."
"What should have been yours? Liam, you are utterly shameless and devoid of humanity." Ryan’s words were weighty, and his gaze was as sharp as a blood-stained blade.
"Hoffman Group never belonged to you. It was my grandfather who painstakingly built the family business and my father who worked tirelessly to make Hoffman Group into one of the four major companies in Savrow, achieving its current status. It has nothing to do with you!"
"No, no, no..." Liam shook his finger. "What I want is mine. Anything I want is mine."
This man was absurd and insane!
"Ryan, when you were little, I quite liked you too. I even held you, a heavy, chubby, cute kid." Liam sighed sorrowfully.
"It’s a pity you are my brother’s son. If you were my son, I would have treated you better than my brother ever would. I would have gone to any lengths to give you the best things in the world."
"That wish of yours doesn’t even deserve to be in your mind!"
Ryan suddenly gave a wicked smile. "Heh, but it is not surprising you have such thoughts, considering you lack the ability to reproduce. Heaven has eyes and does not want scum like you to harm the next generation, so it stripped you of the right to be a father. It’s rather fitting, don’t you think?"
The smile on Liam's face gradually darkened, and his eyes were filled with malice.
"You want my life? Here I am. Release Carrie and Yasmin, and I will play with you." Ryan's eyes were cold and fierce.
"As expected of my brother's good son, you have guts!" Liam shouted, "Lewis, bring out the two ladies!"
###chapter1905
“Mr. Hoffman!”
From somewhere above Ryan, Yasmin’s heart-wrenching cry reached his ears. Ryan’s trembling eyelids lifted abruptly, and his stormy eyes narrowed again.
On the ten-meter diving platform over the swimming pool, Yasmin’s hands were tightly bound with coarse hemp rope, and Lewis held a gun to her head, forcing her to stand precariously at the edge of the platform.
Below her feet was a terrifying height, and the swimming pool below was completely dry.
“Yasmin!”
Ryan’s bloodstained white shirt was soaked in cold sweat. As he took two steps forward, Lewis immediately pointed the gun at him, forcing him to retreat!
“Mr. Hoffman, I’m sorry…” Tears filled Yasmin’s eyes, choking her words.
Ryan gazed deeply at her without blinking. “No, you have never wronged me or anyone else. Yasmin. The one who should apologize is me.”
Yasmin’s heart was pierced sharply. She had accompanied Ryan through storms, fearing nothing, but she dreaded Ryan apologizing to her.
"Where is Carrie?" Ryan’s voice was chilling.
Liam leisurely picked up a remote control from the table and pressed a button.
A loud rumbling sound came from the pitch-dark area on the left. Ryan turned his eyes warily and saw a cart carrying a large glass tank slowly moving toward him. With a clunk, the cart’s four wheels retracted, and the intricately crafted tank settled into its designated position.
Through the transparent glass, Carrie was suspended inside, unconscious, and her wrists were shackled. Her pure white dress was covered with dirt and blood, like a broken doll, cruelly displayed in a showcase after being ravaged.
"Young Madam!" Yasmin’s tears gushed out instantly.
"Carrie!"
Ryan roared with red eyes, the taut string in his mind almost snapping.
He ran toward it, pounding his clenched fists against the thick glass, kicking it, and slamming it with his elbows. But the glass was so sturdy that it did not crack even in the slightest. The girl inside remained motionless with her eyes closed.
"Stop yelling. The glass has excellent soundproofing. She can’t hear anything."
Liam weighed the remote control in his hand. "Your wife is just unconscious. After enduring so many beatings and suffering so much, how could she wake up so soon? Don’t you know how to care for someone?"
"Ryan, you should actually be thanking me. Without me, would you have known what good deeds your sister did behind your back? Would you have known that your wife has been bullied and abused by her since middle school? You surely didn’t know that Jason wanted to marry this girl under Zoe’s orders, did you? That guy has tried to molest her since they were kids. Carrie’s worsening mental illness over the years is all thanks to them.
"The sister you pampered for years is the very culprit who ruined your beloved. Hahaha... Ryan, now you must be filled with regret, right? Don’t you feel that your so-called love is ridiculous? Do you hate yourself to death?"
The overwhelming pain nearly crushed Ryan on the spot. In an instant, all the suspicious fragments in his mind connected.
He understood why Carrie always shrank in fear when she saw Zoe, why Carrie stayed home for so long, afraid to go to school, and why Carrie mumbled incomprehensible words during her nightmares.
Ryan prided himself on being the one who loved Carrie the most. Yet, it seemed he had never entered her scarred soul. He had never truly rescued her from that nightmare.
A tear filled with guilt silently rolled down Ryan's eye as he tried to control his nearly unmanageable emotions. He still had to negotiate with the devil in front of him.
"Liam, you just want revenge on me, to settle this once and for all. Release Carrie and Yasmin, and you can do whatever you want with me?"
Liam laughed harshly. "Ryan, your life is not as valuable as you think. I am also a businessman and will not make a losing deal."
"You have to choose one. Your life can only save one of theirs."
"Who will go, who will stay, who will live, and who will die? You choose."
###chapter1906
Ryan did not hesitate for a moment. He yelled, “No deal. I want both of them!”
“Hahaha! Ryan, you want to enjoy the best of both worlds, huh?” Liam laughed wildly, then turned to look at Yasmin standing on the high platform. “Yasmin, you have not followed Ryan in vain. Look, he even wants to take you as a mistress!”
“Crazy bastard! Shut up, you monster!” Yasmin screamed at Liam with eyes red with rage. “If you want to kill someone, come at me! Let Young Madam go!”
“Be quiet!” Lewis slammed the butt of his gun against Yasmin’s head.
“Tsk, tsk… What a shrew.” Liam clicked his tongue and shook his head.
Pain surged through Yasmin's body, but it could not extinguish the anger in her eyes. She shouted at Ryan, “Mr. Hoffman! Don’t worry about me. Save Young Madam! You must save her!”
“I want both!” Ryan's eyes were filled with dark red determination as he repeated himself firmly.
“Ryan, you already have enough. Don’t be greedy. There is no such thing as wanting everything in this world.”
Liam’s smile was mocking, and his gaze was as bloodthirsty as a starving wolf. “I don’t even have two arms, so how can you have two women? That is too unfair to me, don’t you think so?”
“As long as you release them, I will agree to all your conditions.” Ryan remained steadfast. “Money, shares, the Hoffman Group, I will give it all to you!”
“You see, if you had been this cooperative earlier, things would have been much better. But unfortunately, it is too late now.” Liam’s smile suddenly vanished. “Since you cannot make a choice, I will help you decide.”
As soon as he finished speaking, he pressed another button on the remote control.
At that moment, a hole opened at the bottom of the glass tank, and water flowed into the tank, filling it.
Carrie was kneeling inside the tank, still unconscious. Within seconds, the water had already covered her calves.
Ryan felt as if a sword had pierced his heart. He shouted and slammed the glass tank again, even using a knife to hack at it, but to no avail.
"Don’t waste your efforts. This tank was specially made with bulletproof glass for Ms. Salvador."
Liam looked down at Ryan, who was frantically running around like a headless chicken, laughing heartily.
"Liam... I will kill you!"
Ryan charged at Liam with rage, completely ignoring the danger.
Liam quickly grabbed a gun and fired three shots in rapid succession, the bullets exploding at Ryan’s feet.
"Mr. Hoffman! Don’t!" Yasmin’s heart nearly leaped out of her throat in fear.
Ryan panted heavily, looking again at the glass tank. His heart beat frantically, on the verge of giving out.
The water had already reached Carrie’s thighs.
"This tank will be filled with water in ten minutes, and a person can drown within three minutes of submersion. Ms. Salvador is still unconscious and has no will to survive. She will probably die even faster, right?"
Liam pointed the gun at Ryan, laughing maniacally. "Honestly, I hope you choose Yasmin. I really want to see Ms. Salvador drown in the tank I meticulously prepared. That scene should be beautiful, right? Hahaha!"
The water level continued to rise, inching toward Carrie’s chest. Seconds ticked away as Ryan stood before the glass tank, knocking on the glass in agony and calling out his lover’s name repeatedly.
He still could not make a choice.
If his death could save these two innocent girls, he would die immediately.
But if he had to sacrifice one to save the other, he could never make that choice!
Suddenly, a muffled explosion came from downstairs, and the entire swimming pool shook as if experiencing an earthquake.
A subordinate rushed in from outside, breathless: "Mr. Liam! The police have surrounded the entire building! They are coming in!"
"What are you afraid of? We have plenty of firepower and grenades. They will not get in anytime soon."
###chapter1907
Liam still managed to laugh. “However, some people might not even be able to hold on any longer. My dear nephew, are you still not going to choose?”
Inside the glass tank, the water had risen to Carrie’s chest.
“Mr. Hoffman!” Yasmin called out, trembling.
Their intense gazes met, and in that moment, time and space seemed to freeze, rendering all else void.
—”Yasmin, follow me from now on.”
—”Mr. Hoffman, I will follow you through thick and thin.”
Yasmin looked at Ryan with tears in her eyes, smiling gently.
In her mind, the reckless and heart-stirring young man she first met merged with the extraordinary man standing before her.
“I don’t want you to hesitate. From now on, no matter what happens, you must always, without hesitation, choose Young Madam.” Yasmin’s tearful eyes were full of deep affection and sincerity. Her gentle words composed a grand and touching farewell. “You and Young Madam must always be happy.”
“No...!”
In a split second, Ryan realized what was happening, and his heart stopped.
Yasmin suddenly turned and tackled Lewis to the ground!
Bang! Bang! Bang!
Three gunshots rang out, followed by a man’s terrified scream.
Two figures, entwined, tumbled through the air and fell heavily into the dry swimming pool.
"Yasmin!"
At the same time, the water level inside the glass tank stopped rising.
Ryan’s legs nearly gave way under his trembling body. He jumped into the empty pool, cradling Yasmin’s limp, blood-soaked body in his arms.
"Yasmin... Yasmin..." He wept uncontrollably, calling her name over and over.
"Mr. Hoffman, I am here." But he could no longer hear her response.
"Ah, what a touching display of loyalty. I am truly moved." Liam sighed mockingly. "Ryan, you see, your uncle is still a man of his word. When I say two for one, I mean two for one, no exceptions..."
Before he could finish his smug remark, Ryan, emerging from his profound grief, picked up Lewis’s fallen gun and fired continuously at him.
One bullet hit Liam’s thigh, and another shot disarmed him.
Liam, kneeling in pain, gritted his teeth. As he reached for his gun, Ryan quickly leaped onto the high platform, pinned him down, and shot him in the left shoulder.
With only one bullet left, he pressed the gun against Liam’s forehead.
But then, the glass tank started operating again, and the water level continued to rise, submerging the girl’s neck.
"Stop it... Make it stop!" Ryan screamed, on the verge of breaking down.
"It cannot... be stopped... from the beginning, I never intended to stop it... I was just... Playing with you."
Liam panted heavily, laughing wickedly. "I never planned to live. I just wanted to take you and the one you love with me to the grave. But... Your little maid did not die in vain. If it weren’t for her delaying a bit, that Salvador girl would have been dead... Minutes ago..."
At that moment, the glass tank was full.
The unconscious Carrie floated in the water, her delicate face pale and sickly, her dark hair swirling like seaweed. It was a breathtaking sight.
Ryan took the gun and screamed as he shot at the glass tank.
The magazine was empty, and the glass remained intact.
At that instant, Liam struggled up and aimed his gun at the back of Ryan’s head.
"Go reunite with your grandfather and father... You little bastard!"
###chapter1908
Bang—!
A gunshot rang out.
The person who fell was none other than Liam himself.
The special forces quickly stormed into the swimming pool, firing two laser-focused rounds at the bulletproof glass box, causing it to shatter instantly. The water flushed out like a flood.
In this rescue operation, two police officers lost their lives in the explosion. It turned out that Liam, who appeared to be an executive director of the Hoffman Group, had been secretly colluding with foreign criminal organizations and engaging in arms smuggling for years.
Liam possessed heavy weaponry, which made the rescue mission exceptionally challenging.
The miniature camera worn by Ryan recorded this brutal ordeal. Because of this, Ralph prepared more advanced weapons to break the tank and successfully rescue the hostage, Carrie.
When Carrie was sent to the ICU, her heartbeat was weak, and she was barely alive.
She had nearly drowned and had suffered internal injuries from the beatings, making her condition very critical.
Members of the Thompson and Salvador families who could come had gathered, filling the corridor outside the ICU. Nigel was overwhelmed with grief, shedding tears. He almost collapsed but was supported by Gregory and Matt.
Except for Sasha, who was abroad with Wyatt, Mila, Celeste, Axel, Amelia, and Steve had all arrived. Mila was in tears, as if it were her own daughter on the brink of death.
Though severely injured, Ryan did not rest in the hospital. Instead, he went to the police station with Ralph to assist with the investigation and identify the bodies.
He had to address not only the case of Carrie’s kidnapping but also the deaths of his grandfather and Yasmin. The Hoffman Group was in turmoil. If he collapsed, the Hoffman Group would truly be finished.
Bella and Justin did not go to the hospital but stayed in the police station’s lobby, not drinking a sip of water, waiting for a whole day and night.
During this time, Justin managed the aftermath for Ryan, taking on all the responsibilities of the Hoffman Group and helping him handle the external pressures on the Hoffman Group by stabilizing public opinion and media coverage. It eased the situation to some extent.
Bella was also busy, making calls to her older brothers, instructing them to prepare to deal with those five scoundrels, including Jason, and their families.
"Bella, Dad knows about Carrie’s situation." Asher’s voice was full of sorrow. "Dad said if Hoffman has any difficulties, he will definitely help. Dad is also asking how his future daughter-in-law is doing. Is Carrie okay? Has she woken up?"
"Hah... At a time like this, Wyatt is still joking." Bella, rubbing her tear-swollen eyes, said, "Tell Wyatt that Carrie is not his daughter-in-law. She is Ryan’s wife. He can find someone else. Carrie has not woken up yet, but she will get through this."
"Arnold and I have already bought tickets and will be boarding in two hours. He said prolonged drowning and suffocation might damage the brain. He is a brain specialist and wants to come back to check on Carrie."
"Thank you, Arnold."
"Bella, don’t be sad. Everything will be alright."
After handling his tasks, Justin returned to Bella’s side, holding her in his arms, gently patting her back, and soothing her. "Did you talk to Asher?"
"Yes..." She responded weakly, her tears soaking his shirt.
"It’s all over. It’s all over." Justin’s voice choked with emotion as he tried to control himself, not daring to bring up more sorrowful topics.
At this moment, heavy footsteps approached. Bella and Justin turned around simultaneously, their hearts skipping a beat. The man before them had desolate, dark eyes. His once-jet-black, neat hair was now streaked with gray at the temples, as if covered in frost.
"Ryan..." Justin’s heart ached deeply, tears welling up. He did not expect that the saying of hair turning gray overnight would turn out to be true.
###chapter1909
Chapter 1909
The bone-piercing cold of the morgue was a constant reminder that it was not a world made for the living. Bella and Justin stood in the shadowy doorway, allowing Ryan to see Yasmin for the last time.
Under a snow-white sheet, Yasmin's face was devoid of any color but still radiated a mesmerizing beauty.
She lay peacefully with her eyes closed, her lips curving slightly as if she were having a sweet dream, one that she would never wake up from. Ryan hung his head solemnly. The chill in the room was an invisible weight that threatened to overwhelm his already-burdened spirit.
His throat tightened as he delicately traced the graceful curve of her lips with trembling fingertips.
He could not understand why she was smiling as she left this world.
She had been shot in the abdomen and had fallen from such a height. Her bones had been shattered. It was unbearable to try to imagine the pain she went through.
Most girls feared pain. Was she in pain?
"You know... Your smile is so beautiful. Why didn't I see you smile more often?" Ryan murmured, asking earnestly as if seeking an answer from the person lying still in front of him.
"Yasmin, smile for me one more time."
"Stand outside the door again and wait for me to come home."
"Call me 'Mr. Hoffman' one more time."
Bella could no longer bear to watch any longer. She covered her face with both hands and leaned into Justin's embrace, crying silently.
Justin held her trembling shoulders, and his chin rested on her head. His dry lips opened and closed, but no sound came out.
At that moment, footsteps approached from behind.
Ralph walked in with a sorrowful expression, holding a small box in his hand. The couple silently stepped aside, letting him pass.
"Ryan, please accept my condolences."
Ralph stood behind the man's solemn figure and whispered, "These are Yasmin's belongings that I've organized. Take them with you when you leave later."
Ryan felt as if all the blood in his body had frozen as he turned around slowly.
Other girls usually carried lipstick, face powder, and hair ties when they went out.
However, Yasmin did not carry anything other than her phone and a hidden dagger on her person-Ryan knew this was not for self-defense but rather to protect him and Carrie.
Ryan lowered his swollen eyelids, and his lips trembled as he took out the blood-stained cross.
Its icy touch spread through his palm and flooded his lungs with excruciating pain. It stiffened his body.
He had given her the cross as a lucky charm to keep her safe. Yet, it wasn’t until this moment that he suddenly understood—Yasmin was his lucky charm.
She had sacrificed herself to keep him and Carrie safe.
The funeral arrangements for Logan and Yasmin, the turbulent stock price of the Hoffman Group, the stalled projects, and Zoe’s subsequent punishment—all these matters came crashing down at once, but with the help of the Salvadores, everything was taken care of smoothly.
Steven and Ian, leading the PR departments of the KS Group and the Salvador Corporation, respectively, worked overnight to thoroughly delete all online videos related to this tragedy.
Meanwhile, Bella and Justin did this to prevent themselves from seeing videos of Carrie’s abuse on the internet.
Carrie had also woken up and gradually recovered from the mental shock.
However, they did not stop public opinion from brewing. This time, they wanted to unite the entire nation to punish those irredeemably wicked people.
[I am a former classmate of Carrie from middle school! Zoe’s group bullied Carrie throughout middle school. I was timid back then and didn’t dare to stop their evil deeds. But today, I hope to speak up for Carrie. If needed, I can testify against Zoe and that scumbag! They deserve the worst death!]
[I am also from that school. I can testify too!]
[In high school, Zoe was a bully who abused power! I once witnessed a girl accidentally stepping on her newly bought shoes and getting slapped five or six times in a row!]
[Does Jason think he can get away with it?! Rape, illegal detention, intentional injury—these are multiple crimes that should be punished together. He needs to face the music!]
[His own son committed such an outrageously immoral act, yet Mayor Solloway still wants to run for the election? He should be put out to pasture, although that would be too kind to him!]
###chapter1910
[I heard that hundreds of people had already gone to the Savrow Government Office this morning to petition for Mayor Solloway to step down immediately.]
Zoe, Bethany, Jason and four others were all arrested and placed in a detention center awaiting prosecution.
Having only one son, the Solloway couple were heartbroken to hear that their son’s tongue was gone and his lower body was crippled.
Mrs. Solloway swallowed blood pressure medication like candy and cried so much that she even fainted several times.
When she was awake, she wailed for her husband to find a way to save their son.
“Besides crying and fainting, what else can you do?! This mess is all because you spoiled him without limits!” Mayor Solloway yelled at his half-dead, crying wife. “He tried to rape Gregory Salvador’s daughter. She’s the heiress of the Salvador Corporation! He really knew how to pick his victims. His stupidity is dragging me down with him! The whole nation saw him frantically pulling down his pants to pounce on that girl. My political career is over because of him!”
Mrs. Solloway wailed. “At a time like this, you still only think about your career! What is more important than our son?!”
Mayor Solloway’s blood pressure had spiked to 180. He cursed under his breath but managed to dial the lawyer’s number.
Unfortunately for him, the lawyer only brought bad news. Due to the public uproar and the severe impact of the case, their application for medical parole was rejected.
“Go... Go and beg Madam Mila for help!” Mrs. Solloway clung to her husband’s arm, refusing to give up. “Did you not have a good conversation last time? Did she and Chairman Thompson not support you? If she steps in, our son will be saved. After this disaster, you can repay the Thompson family however they want!”
A glimmer of hope appeared in Mayor Solloway’s dead heart. He had just taken out his phone when a cold, stern voice interrupted.
"No need for that trouble. You can tell me whatever you want to say. As a member of the Thompson family, I will relay it to Aunt Mila."
Dressed in a prosecutor’s uniform, Axel entered with a team of inspectors, exuding an overwhelming stance.
Mayor Solloway turned pale with fear. "Who... Who let you in? This is trespassing!"
"Percy Solloway, as mayor of Savrow City, you are suspected of serious violations and illegal activities. The evidence is conclusive. We are now arresting you in accordance with the law."
Axel’s face was cold as he raised his hand. "Search the entire villa and take all the documents!"
"Yes, Prosecutor Thompson!"
"What evidence do you have to say I violated the law?! Show me the evidence!" Mayor Solloway shouted sternly, his legs trembling.
"The evidence is me!"
Mayor Solloway turned sharply and saw his longtime confidant, Chad, walk out from the shadows with a resolute expression.
"As the mayor’s secretary, I have all the evidence of Mayor Solloway’s violations and illegal activities since he took office. I am now turning myself in and exposing Mayor Solloway and his wife’s corruption!"
Mrs. Solloway was so frightened that she fainted again.
"You traitor... You!" Mayor Solloway gnashed his teeth in hatred, but before he could say more, two inspectors grabbed his arms and dragged him out.
On the other side, Justin had just sent off the weary Asher and Arnold to the hospital when he received a call from Axel.
"Justin, Mayor Solloway and his wife have been arrested. They are now being interrogated at the prosecutor’s office."
"As expected of Prosecutor Thompson, your efficiency is amazing. Thank you."
"Hey, you don’t have to flatter me."
The corner of Justin’s lips lifted slightly. "It was your covert help that made it possible to get the search and arrest warrants so quickly."
Axel’s tone was both admiring and jealous. "You really have a wide network, even having someone beside the mayor. When did you connect with Chad?"
"Some time ago. Axel, he is just a worker who has been oppressed by authority. Considering he turned himself in, I hope you can treat him leniently."
"Rest assured, I will."
As he hung up, a call from Ian came in urgently. "Mr. Salvador, something is wrong! Chairman Salvador has arranged a lawyer for Bethany to seek medical parole!"
###chapter1911
Upon hearing this, Justin clenched his fists, the veins bulging on the back of his hands. He mocked coldly, "Gregory sure is a loving father. No matter what happened, he was unwilling to abandon his daughter, who was rotten to the core."
"Is it really Bethany that he can't abandon? He just can't damage his pride as the head of the Salvador family!"
lan growled, "I thought he had finally gained a conscience when I saw him at the hospital, taking care of Old Master Nigel and worrying about Ms. Carrie's condition. It turns out that I was too naive!" "Gregory has always been an extreme egoist who only does things that benefit himself. He believes in every man for himself. How can you hope he would suddenly be enlightened?" Justin turned around, raised his head, and looked at the gray sky. "Since he cares so much about his pride, I'll let him watch as I shatter his pride into pieces!"
Public opinion continued to brew, and the outcry against the six bullies grew louder.
Bethany was also implicated. As a member of the Salvador family and Carrie's sister, her actions were even more infuriating than those of Zoe and the others.
[That's her sister! Bethany is such a heartless animal. She should be dragged out and executed!]
[Do you think you're all that for bullying your autistic sister?!]
[Bethany! Don't think you can escape the law just because of your father! You can't get away with this!]
Gregory naturally would not stand for the Salvador Corporation's image being damaged. Even though he knew how evil Bethany was, he still had to bail her out.
He also ordered Paul to immediately prepare for an emergency press conference at the Salvador Hotel's banquet hall.
Flashlights shone on the stage.
The intense light focused on Gregory's haggard face, and his words carried a hint of anger and sadness.
"Three days ago, my daughter, Carrie, experienced inhumane kidnapping and bullying. Until now, she's still lying unconscious in the ICU. As her father, I am absolutely heartbroken. I have not slept in three days, struggling with unprecedented agony every moment."
The usually sharp reporters under the stage were now understandingly quiet, showing how heartbreaking Carrie's experience was.
"I called this emergency press conference because I know that everyone is worried about my daughter's condition, so let me share the updates here. Secondly, as Carrie's father, I will definitely pursue legal action against all those who harmed my daughter!"
"Chairman Salvador, your eldest daughter, Bethany, was present at the scene of Carrie's kidnapping!" A reporter finally could not hold back and asked, "According to the other perpetrators, Bethany was also involved in the bullying. She has been bullying her autistic sister mentally and physically over the years. You said you would pursue legal action against the bullies. But what about Bethany? How are you planning to deal with her?"
"She kicked Ms. Carrie at that time. Everyone in the livestream saw it clearly!"
"If you let Bethany off lightly just because she is your daughter, don't you think it's too unfair to Carrie?!"
The crowd clamored and complained.
This matter was not as simple as a wealthy family's scandal. Bethany was an accomplice to Zoe and the others. Everyone saw it. There was no reason that all the perpetrators were punished but not her.
Gregory's expression darkened, and
he gritted his teeth. "It was indeed Bethany's fault for mingling with those immoral bastards. But she is the daughter I watched grow up She's not evil by nature and was merely led astray after being deluded by Zoe and her group.
The crowd booed.
Gregory indeed showed that he treated both daughters equally. To protect the family's reputation, he was desperately defending his heartless, troublemaking daughter. Suddenly, the doors to the banquet hall opened.
A tall and imposing figure strode in, immediately stealing the spotlight.
"It's Mr. Salvador!"
Justin kept his eyes straight, exuding an oppressive air as he walked straight to Gregory, whose expression gradually stiffened.
The father and son faced each other, and the camera flashlights engulfed them.
"Chairman Salvador, your words are so ridiculous that I was momentarily speechless Justin's thin lips curled up into an intimidating and cold smile. "Bethany teamed up with Zoe and the others to kidnap, imprison, and beat my sister into serious injury. Carrie is still lying unconscious in the ICU, yet you're already eager to make excuses for the perpetrator?" 
Justin's words caused an uproar.
Gregory's chest heaved as he tried to restrain himself. His hands on the table slowly curled into a ball.
"If Bethany is not punished for beating someone, what will you do when she kills someone the next time? Will you also brush it off?"
"What you're saying is hypothetical. Bethany did not kill anyone. She's merely simple-minded and was manipulated by others!"
In front of the media, Gregory
repeatedly hinted at Justin, clearly
trying to treat this criminal case as a family scandal. "Bethany and Carrie are your sisters and my daughters.
I'm merely discussing this as a matter of fact. I'm definitely not biased or trying to excuse anyone!"
Justin's sharp eyes darkened. He reached into his suit, ready to deliver a heavy blow to Gregory.
However, at this time, the big screen in the banquet hall suddenly lit up.
"Guys, look. What is that?!"
The crowd's gazes gathered on the screen, including Justin and Gregory.
A paternal test report, verified by an authoritative organization, was presented on the screen.
Written in black and white was a heart-wrenching sentence, "Based on our analysis, we exclude the possibility that Gregory Salvador is Bethany Salvador's biological father."
###chapter1912
The scene was chaotic, with the discussions so loud they could almost blow the roof off!
"Gregory and Bethany's paternal test? Bethany is not Gregory's biological daughter?! Am I watching a Tiktok drama? The twist was too unexpected!" "But isn't Gregory still defending Bethany with all his might a second ago, calling her his daughter? And now she isn't? This is too unbelievable!" "Look at his face! He looked like he just ate shit. He obviously just found out that Bethany was not his biological daughter!"
"The daughter he raised for over twenty years was actually an unknown bastard. Wow... If I were Gregory, I'd bash my head into a wall!"
"He didn't know Shannon killed the woman he loved and occupied their house with a bastard for so many years. Is he brainless?"
"That's called pure love! Chairman Salvador could keep such an outrageous woman for so many years. I could only say that he could endure what ordinary people couldn't. What a hero!"
Everyone's mockery, sarcasm, and ridicule turned into a sharp blade that fiercely stabbed Gregory.
His gaze was fixed on the paternal test results portrayed on the big screen, his pupils contracting. His prideful and arrogant face, full of superiority, now looked as if someone had splashed it with white paint. There was not a trace of color.
Gregory rubbed his eyes hard.
However, the words on the screen reminded him that he was not the biological father of Bethany Salvador, like a binding curse screaming for attention.
"Chairman Salvador!"
Paul ran forward in a panic. "I've gone to the control board, but I can't turn the screen off no matter what! Someone must be sabotaging us! We need to stop the press conference immediately. I've heard the front and back entrances of the hotel are swarmed by the media who got news of this, so i've sent security to block them. You need to leave now!" 
"Bethany is not my daughter?! The paternal test result is real?!" Gregory's bloodshot eyes stared straight at the screen.
No matter how Paul tugged at him, his legs felt like they were filled with lead. His nerves were numb.
"Regardless of whether the result is
real or fake, you cannot admit
publicly that Ms. Bethany is not your biological daughter. Otherwise, everything you just said would
become a stain in your life that you
cannot erase. It's better to just
swallow this than to become a
laughing stock for the rest of your
life!" 
At this moment, Paul's idea was the best solution. So Gregory turned around and faced the crowd, putting on a calm facade. He said indignantly, "Someone is behind this, trying to start a rumor and slander the Salvador family! This paternity test is fake. Don't believe it!"
"Is that so?" Justin's dark eyes narrowed. "Chairman Salvador, even at this moment, you still want to defend Bethany, someone who has nothing to do with you or the entire Salvador family? For your reputation, are you really so accepting that you could endure being cuckolded by Shannon for two decades?"
As his words fell, Justin raised the paternity test result in his hand, showcasing it for everyone to see.
"The one on the screen might be fake, but the DNA report I am holding is absolutely genuine. Bethany is indeed not your biological daughter. She does not have a trace of our Salvador blood!"
The next second, the man shook his arm coolly, flinging the report onto Gregory's pale and colorless face.
At this moment, Justin was no doubt stripping his father bare in public, humiliating him.
Gregory's muddled mind instantly recalled when Shannon forced her way in with a pregnant stomach, crying pitifully and wailing about how much she missed him and the hardships she faced while being pregnant.
"Greg... I am carrying your child! You can abandon me, but you can't abandon our child!"
###chapter1913
"Greg, listen. The baby is kicking my stomach. She's just like you, so strong!"
"Greg, look. Bethany's eyes and mouth look like yours. She's practically a carbon copy of you."
A carbon copy...
Gregory's mouth twitched uncontrollably, caught in an ugly smile.
He received an elite education since he was a child and prided himself on his wisdom and intelligence, but in the end, he was played like a fool by Shannon, a mere entertainer from the slums.
But what could he do?
Shannon was already a pile of ashes. What else could he do to her?!
Amidst the fierce onslaught of the reporters surrounding him, a spiritless Gregory quickly fled the scene under the escort of his bodyguards and Paul.
Initially, he wanted to step forward as the head of the Salvador family to turn the tide.
Unexpectedly, he himself was dragged into the mess, adding another scandalous mark to the Salvador family's already tarnished reputation.
He had become the clown.
Gregory's suit became wrinkled as he squeezed his way through the crowd. Even his slicked-back hair was messed up, looking unprecedentedly disheveled.
After struggling to get into the car, the reporters' cameras still pressed against the window, fiercely taking shots of his pale face and continuously throwing sharp questions about Bethany's lineage.
"What are you waiting for? Drive!" Gregory angrily kicked the driver's seat, his emotions on the verge of breaking down.
Terrified, the driver immediately floored the gas pedal. The luxurious car quickly sped away from the hotel's parking lot.
Paul kept checking Twitter and saw that the hashtag #BethanySalvador had dominated the top spot on the trending?st, even overshadowing Zoe. He was anxious but did not dare to tell Gregory about this, afraid Gregory would break down completely. 
"How could it be... How could it be?!"
"Chairman Salvador, I've looked at the paternal test report provided by Mr. Justin." Paul took a deep breath. "It's not forged. It's real.”
"Shannon... How dare you lie to me... How dare you lie to me!" Gregory pounded on the car window madly, his eyes bulging as he roared.
"Chairman Salvador, calm down. If
you look at it from another perspective, this might be a good thing." Paul lowered his voice and advised. After all, matters of pride are least important now. Although you were humiliated, it's better than
being kept in the dark and ved
by Shannon and her daughter forever. 
"For so many years, Ms. Bethany... Shannon's daughter relied on your name to bully others and acted as she pleased, causing countless troubles for you. You know more than anyone how many messes you have cleaned up for her. This time, she deserved it, and you've only risked it all to help her because she was your daughter. Naturally, I don't need to state the risks. Now that the truth has been revealed that she isn't your biological daughter, you can finally get rid of her. You don't have
to care about her anymore."
Gregory closed his reddened eyes, panting heavily with rage, unable to calm down.
"This way, it's better than her causing bigger trouble and dragging you down to no return."
His last sentence struck a chord with Gregory.
He slowly opened his eyes, still unable to stop trembling. "They dared to trick me! I want you to investigate it immediately. No matter what method you use, you have to find the doctor who did the paternity test for Bethany back then!"
###chapter1914
After achieving their goal, Justin and lan returned to the hospital.
He wanted to share this news, which had shocked the entire nation, with his lover immediately. However, upon hearing that Bella was discussing Carrie's future treatment plan with Arnold in the director's office he did not call her and sat in the guest room next to the office instead, waiting quietly.
After some time, Bella finally walked in with light steps.
"Justin!"
The man's lips curled into a gentle smile. He wanted to get up, but Bella was already in front of him, her knees settling between his spread legs as she cupped his face and kissed him deeply. Her soft, rosy lips sucked and pressed against his intimately, as if trying to devour him.
Justin's breathing gradually grew heavier, and his eyes reddened. He reached out and pulled her into his embrace tightly, his tongue swirling around in her sweet and warm mouth, taking the lead... It was not until Bella was out of breath and protested softly that he let go of her, his palms cupping her perky buttocks in between their pants.
"Darling, you're acting weird."
"Why?" Bella lifted his chin, her beautiful eyes glistening.
"If you suddenly initiate things, I would think that you're trying to please me." Justin's palm gently rubbed circles on that soft area.
If done by any other man, this teasing action would only seem lewd. But when it was Justin, with his devilishly handsome face, it was so seductive that it made one's heart tremble with desire. "Pleasing? This is called a reward."
Bella adjusted his loosened tie,
blushing. "I've seen your
performance at the press
conference today. Not bad. The effect was superb. You should've thrown the paternal test report on Gregory's face and taught him a lesson." 
"It's a pity that this matter overshadowed Zoe's headlines." Justin's eyes darkened. He thought it was not enough.
Bella's red lips curled into a cold
Vel.net
smile. "There are a thousand methods to punish Zoe, but this is the best way to punish Bethany and Gregory." 
"Actually, this credit isn't mine. It belongs to you." Justin raised his head and looked at her, his voice hoarse. "Bella, if you didn't show that paternal test report on the screen in time, the effect might be far less than it is now." 
Bella's delicate brows furrowed in confusion. "Me? Justin, what are you saying? I didn't project that paternal test report." Justin frowned as well. "It wasn't you?"
"Didn't you put it up?"
The man shook his head. "It's not me."
They looked at each other. The romantic tension in the room gradually dissipated.
Although the result was what they wanted, there was still someone in the dark, exposing everything for them.
"Is it an enemy or a friend?" Bella asked softly, their noses touching.
Justin's gaze was slightly dark, and he gently rubbed her waist. "I'll investigate it. We'll have an answer soon."
###chapter1915
The news that Bethany was not Gregory's biological daughter spread faster than a virus, making it impossible for the Salvador Corporation to control the situation even if they wanted to. Nigel, still hospitalized, was shocked and uncontrollably furious upon hearing the news. He called Gregory over that night.
Bella and Justin were present, but Nigel showed no regard for Gregory's dignity and immediately yelled at him in front of the youngsters.
"What did I tell you? Things are messy now. Don't act recklessly. Besides, Carrie is still in a coma. As her father, you should stay by her side day and night. Don't do anything unnecessary!
"Was it so important what others speak of us? Compared to my precious granddaughter, your so-called family image is nothing! As the head of the Salvador family, do you need to scramble to explain yourself to outsiders? Where was your decisiveness when you were young? How can you become more foolish with age, degrading yourself with every action you take?!"
Nigel's face was pale with rage as he struggled to catch his breath. Bella quickly came forward and patted his back while Justin handed him a cup of water. "If not for your presumptuous actions, how would things have gotten to this irreversible point? The image you tried too hard to maintain has already been spat on, thrown into the mud, and trampled upon!"
Regret and shame flooded Gregory. He bit his lips, his heart twisting in pain, and his face burning like a boiling kettle.
Although Nigel had always scolded Gregory and had said harsher words to him before, this time, each word felt like a needle stabbing his face.
Gregory felt too ashamed to show himself because he thought that he was a complete fool, played and deceived by Shannon for over twenty years.
"Even if I am at fault..." Gregory gritted his teeth, his furious and resentful gaze landing on Justin. "Can your precious grandson say that he doesn't have any ulterior motives?"
Justin kept a calm face, his gaze darkening.
Bella could not help rolling her eyes. Gregory was truly unbelievable. Other loving fathers would try to shoulder everything for their
children, but Gregory only knew.net
shirk responsibility at the slightest
sign of trouble. He had no guts at all! 
Justin's mother was too gentle and kind. Bella wanted to slap this scumbag.
"He obviously knew Bethany wasn't
my daughter, but he kept it to
himself, waiting for today's press conference to expose it. He clearly did it to humiliate me! Did he consider the Salvador family's pride
and reputation?!" 
"Justin never did things out of line. He did so because he was forced to, thanks to your foolish actions!"
Nigel's trembling finger pointed at
Gregory's face as he seethed with anger. "Even if Bethany is not your biological daughter, she still grew up in the Salvador family and is Carrie's half-sister. She should treat her sister well! But she continuously tried to harm Carrie, even
participating in Zoe Hoffman's
kidnapping plan! 
"At this point, you still want to cover for her and help her escape her crimes. Say, how could Justin not hate you? How could he not make a move? Even if he did not, I would have dealt with you myself!"
Gregory was rendered speechless.
"A bad seed... You're a natural-born bad seed! You ungrateful bastard!"
Nigel took a sip of water to calm his emotions. He looked at Justin with confusion. "Justin, how did you know Bethany was not truly of our bloodline?"
"Grandpa, I didn't discover it. It was Bella." Justin wrapped his arms around Bella's shoulder.
"Anna, it's you?!" Nigel was stunned, and Gregory was in disbelief as well.
###chapter1916
Justin said, "At first, it's because Bella thought Bethany didn't look like Dad at all, but she was merely surprised without suspecting too much. Then Bethany set up Carrie and had such a sinister personality, making Bella confused about how two people with extremely different natures could be born from the same mother. So, she decided to try doing a paternity test, and to her surprise, it proved her suspicions." Justin gazed at Bella lovingly. His tone was calm. "Bella knew this was no small matter and kept reminding me not to make it public and handle it properly. Exposing it at the press conference was my idea and had nothing to do with Bella. Grandpa, don't blame her."
Upon hearing it, Nigel felt a warmth in his heart. He looked gratefully at Bella and said, "Anna has done our family a great service. I couldn't even praise her enough. How could I blame her? Do you think I'm as foolish as your father who has been cuckolded for decades?"
Gregory clenched his fists tightly, feeling humiliated.
Even an outsider could see something wrong, but Gregory was so blind to it.
At this moment, Paul knocked on the door and walked in. "Chairman Salvador, we've found the doctor who did the DNA test for Shannon's daughter back then. He's right outside."
"Ask that motherfucker to get his ass inside! I want to see him!"
Gregory was already thoroughly humiliated. Naturally, he did not want to deal with this matter in front of Bella and Justin since they were present.
But Nigel had already made his stance clear. With no choice, he could only ask Paul to bring the doctor in.
Under the threat of a bodyguard, a trembling old man in his sixties with gray hair appeared before them.
Before Niget said anything, the old
man fell to his knees in fear and told the whole truth about how Shannon had paid off his gambling debts in exchange for him falsifying the DNA test. 
How wicked! How frustrating!
Unfortunately, Shannon was already dead. Even if the truth came to light, they still could not feel truly satisfied.
"Bethany... Who's her real father? Who is Shannon's lover?!" Gregory stepped forward, his eyes bloodshot, and grabbed that old man's collar.
"I... I don't know!"
Seeing that Gregory almost wanted
to grind his bones into ashes, the old man racked his brains to recall, maximizing his potential. Suddenly his eyes lit up. "I remember now! Back then... A man accompanied Shannon to meet me! I don't know if it's his child, but I bumped into them acting intimately. That man even kissed Shannon. I vaguely heard Shannon calling him Harry. Yeah! That's the name! I don't know
anything else!" 
"I know who it is." Bella said coldly, "That man's name is Harry Young. He once worked at the same TV station as Shannon as an action instructor on the set."
"Where is he now?!" Gregory's rage shot up to his head, feeling a murderous urge.
"He's serving time in jail."
Bella held Justin's calloused hand
tightly and still felt distressed as she recalled this memory. "Under Shannon's orders, he once tried to kill Aunt Celeste. Fortunately, Justin arrived in the nick of time and saved Aunt Celeste, but that man struck Justin in the back of his head. Justin was gravely injured then which was also the time when I performed brain surgery on him." 
###chapter1917
Justin felt Bella's hand grow colder, and her breathing became heavy.
He knew she must have thought of those unpleasant memories and felt distressed.
Justin placed his warm palms on the back of her head, his slightly quivering lips kissing her forehead softly as he comforted her by the ear. "Bella, don't think about those unhappy things. Look, aren't I fine now? My wife is the best surgeon in the world to be able to stitch up this blockhead of mine. I feel smarter now."
Bella's breath hitched, and she shook her head.
She knew that old injury still lingered in his head, and it was never fully healed.
It was just that they had reconciled later, deep in love, and her affection highly eased his emotional and mental strain. The nerves in his brain no longer felt congested. Coupled with medication, his episodes happened less.
However, Bella knew that occasionally, when he was stressed and tensed, he would endure it during the day and secretly get out of bed to look for his painkillers after she was asleep.
Justin thought he did a good job hiding it, but she shared a bed with him and knew his every breath. How could he hide it from her?
Gregory's pupils contracted, his stiffened face full of hatred and shock.
"Chairman Salvador! I was forced to do it back then... Shannon is your woman, and the man she brought had a knife with him, threatening me viciously to do their bidding... I didn't dare to refuse... Ah!" Gregory's eyes bulged, and he kicked the man to the ground. "If you say that Shannon is my woman once more, I'll cut off your tongue and feed it to the dogs! Don't think I'll let it go just because twenty years have passed. You treated the Salvador family's bloodline like a joke, taking away our dignity. Shannon can't repay this debt now, so you can pay it for her!"
The man Shannon had an affair with never truly cut ties with her. Not only that, he became her helper, willingly becoming a murderous tool for that evil woman.
Not only did Shannon kill the woman
he loved most, Mary, but she also
became his wife. She had her
bastard daughter enjoy the
treatment of a wealthy heiress in the
Salvador family, living so many
years in luxury and privilege.
If they did not look for trouble themselves, they might really deceive him for a lifetime, even taking the shares and assets of the Salvador Corporation. "That pair of despicable adulterers!"
Nigel struggled to breathe from rage,
his bloodshot eyes filled with distress for his grandson. "It's not enough that the evil woman caused Justin to lose his mother. Her lover even tried to kill my grandson! If not for my capable Anna performing surgery on Justin... Gregory, do you know your son was almost killed by those scumbags?!" 
Gregory's face paled as if he were struck by lightning.
He stared at Justin's calm face, which was a perfect combination of his and Mary's best features.
Even though this rebellious son always caused trouble for him and never once complied with his wishes, he was still his son, with the same blood running through his veins.
Thinking of this, a long-lost sense of guilt spread throughout Gregory's aching heart.
"Gregory, if you still think of me as your father, go deal with the scum Shannon left behind!"
With Bella's skillful massage, Nigel's intense breathing gradually calmed. His sharp gaze shot at Gregory's face, issuing his final order. "It's only natural for the daughter to pay her mother's debts! You've
ver
disappointed me countless times. If you don't do one thing right this time, consider it the end of our relationship!" 
###chapter1918
Chapter 1918
"You don't need to say that." Gregory turned around and decisively walked out of the door. "I've already made a mistake once. I won't allow myself to make it again!"
Bethany was locked up with a group of vicious female criminals in jail. She slept on a hard cardboard bed and ate food that was not even fit for pigs. Her days were worse than they were when she was in Meridan.
After the incident, Gregory sent a lawyer to meet her once. The lawyer had patted his chest and promised that he would get her sent to the hospital under the guise of medical parole in three days. She would be admitted to a VIP ward and leave this dirty, smelly lair.
At first, Bethany was meek and timid, but after receiving this news, she immediately regained her arrogance, putting on airs as a wealthy heiress in the cell.
But none of the prisoners here cared about her status and had long been pissed off by her. They verbally and physically abused her from morning to night, forced her to scrub the toilet, and used dirty water mixed with urine and feces to wash her face.
"Fucking bitch! You're already in a place like this, but you still want to act high and mighty. Do you need to be taught a lesson?!"
Two female prisoners held Bethany's arms, forcing her to kneel on the ground. The head cellmate kicked her forehead, leaving a black shoe print on her bare forehead.
"How dare you hit me... Do you know who I am?!"
Bethany twisted and struggled, craning her neck. "I am Bethany Salvador, the daughter of the Salvador family! Gregory Salvador is my dad! How dare you bully me... I'll kill all of you when I get out! All of you!"
"If you're Gregory Salvador's daughter, I can claim to be his mother!" The female head kicked her again, making everyone burst into laughter.
Bethany viciously bared her teeth, like a dog that has been pissed off. One might fear getting bit by her.
At this moment, the cell's door opened.
"Bethany Salvador, you have a visitor!"
Bethany hurriedly crawled up from the ground, her eyes lighting up.
"Hahaha! I'm about to get out! Just wait, you bunch of lowlifes. I'll deal with each and every one of you!"
Bethany, dressed in prison clothing, was brought to the visitor's room.
"Dad! Dad, you're finally here!"
Behind the glass window, Bethany looked at Gregory, who was sitting outside with cold eyes.
She cried her heart out, struggling to catch her breath. "Dad! Look... Look how badly I've been beaten! Those prisoners bullied me day and night, making me clean the toilet and even forcing me to drink urine! Oh... They also insulted you! Dad... How could you bear to let your daughter live like this? Please get me out of here!"
However, Gregory merely looked at her with a cold gaze, not uttering a word.
Instead, Paul, standing beside him, said slowly, "You should have known it would come to this. It's your
sins, for your evil heart, trying to get rid of your own sister."
"What does it have to do with me?!" Even now, Bethany showed no remorse and argued, "It was Zoe's idea from the start! She should face retribution, but she wants to drag an innocent person like me down! I was threatened and forced by her!"
Paul sneered. "You gave Ms. Carrie's mental diagnosis report to the Hoffman family and teamed up with those scumbags to bully her. Did Zoe force you to do so too?"
###chapter1919
Chapter 1919
Bethany shouted at Paul. "Shut up! You're just a dog my dad kept by his side... There's no place for you to speak here!"
"Enough! The one who should shut up is you!" Gregory slammed his palm on the table, causing Bethany to jump in fear.
"Dad..."
"You repeatedly harmed my daughter. Sending you to prison only is considered letting you off easy." Gregory leaned forward slightly and gritted his teeth, saying word by word, "You should go to hell with that evil, heinous, and heartless mother of yours!"
Bethany trembled, her rough hands clutching the glass window desperately. "Dad... What are you saying? Carrie is your daughter, but so am I! I was framed by Zoe! She threatened me! You can't leave me to die!"
"Save you? Why should I save you?" Gregory stood up gracefully and looked at her with a mixture of disdain and hatred, as if he were looking at an enemy. "I came to see you today to tell you that from now on, I won't care whether you live or die. I won't come to visit you anymore. Just looking at you makes me feel disgusted."
"Dad..."
"Don't call me dad. I don't have a daughter like you. I only have one daughter, and that's Carrie."
After he finished speaking, Gregory turned around and left without looking back.
"Dad! I'm your daughter! I'm your daughter! Dad!" Bethany yelled at the top of her lungs, banging on the window glass.
Smack!
Paul stuck the paternity test report on the glass, covering her pale face completely. "I'm sorry to tell you that you have no blood relation to Chairman Salvador."
Bethany stared at the paper, her eyes widening until they almost bulged.
"You're merely a bastard that Shannon had with a lowly man." A sarcastic smile tugged at Paul's lips.
"No... Impossible... You're lying! Lying!"
Bethany's eyes were unfocused, her fingers scratching the glass surface, making a sharp noise. "I am the Salvador family's daughter! I am Gregory's daughter! Did Justin ask you to make up these lies to deceive me?! Call my dad here... I want him to tell me himself!"
Paul threw the report on the table and turned to leave.
When he was one step away from the door, he paused and said lightly, "Oh, right. Once you're inside, remember to make a few friends in jail and maintain a good relationship with your cellmates. Otherwise, you'll have a tough time."
Bethany stood dumbfounded for a long time until a police officer came to escort her back. She screamed and threw her chair with a twisted expression, laughing and crying, clawing at the air like a madwoman.
"I am the Salvador family's precious daughter! I am a wealthy and noble young lady! You're all dead if you lay a hand on me! Hahaha!"
###chapter1920
Chapter 1920
Far away in Meridan, in a serene tea room with smoke curling up, Grant and Clarice sat opposite each other behind an exquisite screen, playing chess.
The man was dressed in pure white, his face as beautiful as a portrait, exuding an otherworldly elegance like a celestial being descending to the mortal realm.
"Sir, we've got news from Savrow. Bethany has completely been abandoned by Chairman Salvador." Clarice said softly, "The paternity test report you revealed at the press conference really gave Chairman Salvador a huge blow."
"It's as expected."
Grant lowered his eyes, carrying a hint of indifference. "Shannon is useless. What waves could her daughter stir up? I've known for many years that Bethany is not of Salvador blood. I also know everything Shannon did in secret."
"You knew all along? But why didn't you expose them earlier?"
Clarice was surprised. "Shannon relied on her status as the mistress of the Salvador family all these years to use the Salvador Corporation to gather wealth. Aren't you worried? What if she got the company shares? What if she controlled the Salvador Corporation through Gregory? Aren't you concerned that things would get out of control?"
"No."
Grant's pale fingers picked up a crystal chess piece, effortlessly capturing Clarice's knight. "Shannon's greed was greater than her capability, and Salvador Corporation still has my grandfather overseeing it. Her dream of obtaining the company is merely a delusion.
"However, I'm often away from Savrow. Someone has to help me counter Justin in the Salvador Corporation. Otherwise, my brother's life would be too smooth, which would be terribly boring. It's a pity that Shannon still let me down."
Upon hearing it, Clarice was enlightened.
Grant was using others to do his dirty work.
Although Shannon still lost miserably, it was because of this evil woman's existence over the years that Justin had to walk on thin ice in the Salvador Corporation. Justin's relationship with Gregory continuously worsened as well.
"Give Christopher a call when you're free." Grant took his cup and sipped tea gracefully. "A new round has started. I've helped him enough. The next steps are up to him."
Liam, who was shot three times, miraculously survived. He was receiving treatment in a hospital under police supervision.
Although the heinous crimes he committed were enough to guarantee a thousand deaths, since he was arrested on the spot, everything had to proceed according to the law.
Even if he was sentenced to death later, they still had to save his life now.
In the dead of night, a medical personnel wearing a mask and white coat pushed a cart as he walked along the empty and dark hallway.
He opened the ward's door and entered with the cart, locking the door.
Liam had not fallen asleep yet.
He was staring at the ceiling in a daze, tethered to monitoring devices and tubes, and handcuffed to the bed rail.
The man looked miserable and vulnerable at this moment, seemingly more like a victim. It was hard to imagine him as the heartless demon who had murdered his own father.
"Liam Hoffman, it's time for your meds."
Liam turned his gaze from the ceiling to the person's face.
Suddenly, his heart skipped a beat, and his eyes widened in terror. He was about to scream when the man sealed his mouth tightly with masking tape.
Filled with immense fear, Liam's eyes bulged, trembling all over, causing the bed to rattle.
The man took off his mask, revealing himself to be Dean. His bloodshot eyes were full of murderous intent, and his expression was vicious.
"Ha... Why, are you afraid? Is a monster like you afraid of dying too?"
"Mmh!" Liam trembled, struggling helplessly.
"Weren't you determined to die with Mr. Ryan when you planned all this? Weren't you prepared to end it all? After staying in the hospital for a few days, did you realize that living was better and you're now afraid of death?"
Dean picked up a syringe from a stainless steel tray on the cart, its needle as thick as an awl.
He chuckled lightly, but his reddened eyes were filled with hatred and tears. "Liam Hoffman, you killed my master, whom Mr. Ryan and I loved as a sister. How can I let you die comfortably? I've prepared five syringes for you, each containing a fatal poison. They will make you experience five types of pain that will make you wish you were dead. Enjoy,"
###chapter1921
Liam's face was drenched in sweat, and he trembled violently.
Five syringes of deadly poison represented five people's hatred.
It was strange. Even when his arm was cut off and he was shot three times at the swimming pool in a life-or-death struggle, Liam did not feel the fear that he did now, facing his impending death.
Perhaps Dean was right. Given the chance to live, even just for a few more days, he was unwilling to face death.
Dean's gaze darkened viciously, and he injected the first syringe of poison into Liam's chest. The cold and thick needle went into the hilt!
"Ugh!" Liam felt so much pain that his body convulsed as if he were being electrocuted, his eyes bulging terrifyingly.
"This needle is for Mr. Ryan's father, whom you murdered. After the injection, your limbs will be paralyzed, and your nerves will twitch."
Dean picked up the second syringe, fiercely stabbing it into Liam's left rib. "This needle is for Old Master Logan. You will feel excruciating pain in your stomach and experience dizziness and nausea."
Liam looked at him with pleading eyes. Tears and snot streamed down his face without any regard for his pride. This type of slow torture was a hundred times worse than being shot!
"The third needle is for Mr. Ryan. You will foam at your mouth and gradually suffocate." Dean injected the needle into his right rib.
A few seconds later, Liam indeed began to vomit, but his mouth was tightly sealed and unable to expel the vomit. They could only accumulate in his mouth and travel back down his throat, choking him. The intense feeling of suffocation made his face turn red and purple.
"The fourth needle is for Ms. Carrie. You will go blind, and the pain in your stomach will increase."
Dean pierced the thick needle through Liam's stomach and smiled coldly.
Liam's sight gradually blurred. As poison coursed through his body, he felt his internal organs convulsing, his facial muscles twitching, and his heart pounding so quickly it was about to jump out of his chest. His bloodshot eyes were empty and unfocused, revealing a hint of hysterical despair.
"The last needle is for my master... Yasmin."
Dean's hand, holding the fifth syringe, could not stop shaking. Tears welled up in his eyes, and he choked up, almost unable to speak. "All her life... She has suffered many hardships and endured so much torment. She almost never had a day tedive her own life, yet she's gone now... 
"How could life be so unfair? How could you be so cruel to her... She still hasn't seen Mr. Ryan and Ms. Carrie get married. She hasn't found her own happiness. How could she leave like this? If I could turn back time, I would be willing to die for her. How I hope the person w fell into
that pool was me. 
"Liam Hoffman, go to hell! Repent for your sins there, and may you reincarnate into a worse life for an eternity!"
The next second, he raised his arm high and plunged the needle down, stabbing it into Liam's heart.
The man on the bed stiffened, his fingers stretching out as he let out a muffled and low growl.
Then he stopped breathing, his eyes still wide open.
Dean left the trolley at the scene and left silently.
Just as he reached the stairway, a guard's voice rang out behind him, questioning, "Stop! Take out your ID card!"
Dean's heart tightened, and he immediately bolted out the door!
The two policemen chased after him as he sprinted toward the hospital's underground parking with all his might.
Seeing that they were about to catch
up, he felt disheartened and wanted to surrender, but a black car sped toward the police officers like a
shadow in the night.
The police officers dodged in a panic. At this moment, another car followed behind and stopped in front of Dean, the door opening.
"Get in!"
A familiar, low voice came from the dim interior of the car.
Dean's heart skipped a beat as he leaped into the car.
###chapter1922
As the other car blocked the police officer at the hospital, Dean was able to escape successfully.
The black car sped along the neon-lit roads of Savrow.
Ryan stared out the window with a dark gaze, his eyes empty and desolate. Under the shifting lights, his face was still handsome as usual, but it carried an indescribable sense of loneliness and sorrow, as if he had completely changed.
Dean stared at him deeply, trying to find a shadow of the man he once knew, but there were no traces left.
He was completely broken.
"I didn't give an order. You shouldn't have done something extra." After a long silence, Ryan finally said, "We have many chances to kill Liam, but you chose the riskiest way."
"Sorry, Mr. Hoffman."
Dean lowered his head, clenching his fists tightly in resentment. "But... I want him dead so badly. It's a mercy to let him live for one more day on earth! Sorry... I know I've caused you trouble. I'm willing to take responsibility for it! If the police trace it to you, please give me up. I've gotten my revenge and have no regrets anymore. I'm willing to confess my crimes..."
Ryan closed his eyes and cut Dean's words off with a wave of his hand. "I didn't want you to do it because I'm worried you'd sacrifice yourself."
Dean's heart thumped, his eyes widening. "Mr. Hoffman..."
"You're all I have left."
Ryan's throat bobbed, pain spreading in his heart. "You were Yasmin's best friend when she was alive. If anything happened to you, I wouldn't be able to face Yasmin in the afterlife."
"Thank you..." Dean finally could not hold back anymore, tears of shame streaming down.
"Is he dead?"
"Yes. I watched him take his last breath. Rest assured, Mr. Hoffman. He died painfully. I won't let him have an easy death.”
Ryan's pale lips curled up. Inexplicable emotions burned his throat, and he did not speak for a long while.
"Today, the police station called me
saying that Old Master Logan's autopsy has been completed. You can start handling his funeral Dean said sorrowfully. 
"Okay."
At this time, Ryan's phone vibrated. It was a call from his mother.
Ryan lowered his gaze and stared at the screen for a moment. He finally answered, despite having ignored countless of her calls.
"Ryan Hoffman! Are you still human? Do you have an ounce of humanity?!"
Claire screamed hysterically on the other end of the phone, scolding him.
"This is the result of your boundless pampering of that idiot girl from the Salvador family! Our family is destroyed! Your grandfather is dead, and your sister was gravely injured by you, coughing up blood every day. Are you happy now? Satisfied?!" 
Listening to his mother's unrestrained curses, Ryan felt no emotion and even laughed.
"It's all because of that idiot!
Everything happened because
her. She is the source of all evinet
a
Sling demon, a curse sent to destroy the Hoffman family!" en.swhovels.net
Claire shouted madly, showing no signs of the demeanor of a prestigious lady.
"Even without your grandfather, I will never accept her! She will never marry you and become my daughter-in-law! Never! Over my dead body!"
"Are you done?" Ryan's voice was indifferent.
Claire was stunned by Ryan's calmness. All she could hear was her heavy breathing.
"It seems like everything that happened to our family recently has been a huge blow to you. Your mental state is quite unstable."
Ryan turned and calmly ordered, "Dean, contact the best hospital abroad known for treating mental illnesses and send Mrs. Hoffman over for proper treatment."
###chapter1923
Dean was stunned for a moment before he replied, "Yes. I'll arrange for it tomorrow."
Ryan wanted to hang up, but Claire started wailing on the other end of the phone. "Ryan Hoffman! I am your mother! How could you imprison me in a mental hospital? You're out of your mind!
"Even if the Hoffman Group falls into your hands, even if you're the head of the family now, I'm not afraid of you! I'll give it everything I have and use all my connections to save Zoe! If you have the guts, kill me! Anyway, you don't want your mother anymore... I don't want such a heartless and ruthless son either! I want to sever our relationship!"
"Okay." Ryan did not hesitate and hung up the phone.
The world fell silent.
Dean stared at Ryan in a daze, asking in shock, "Mr. Hoffman, are you really severing ties with your mother? You've just gotten full control of the Hoffman Group. If word got out, I'm afraid those reporters would slander you. It would affect your reputation."
"It's not important."
Ryan's thin lips curled slightly, endless tenderness dancing in his eyes. "Having Carrie is enough for me."
Dean nodded, suddenly having an urge to cry. He muttered a silent prayer, 'God, please let them be together. Mr. Ryan has sacrificed too much to achieve this happiness...'
"Oh right, Mrs. Hoffman just said she wants to save Zoe. The best way would be to get her released for medical treatment, and her current situation does meet the criteria. Should we stop-”
"No need. If she wants to risk everything for her daughter, let her."
Ryan's gaze was emotionless, and his voice was ice-cold, cutting through the edge. "As a mother, it's only fitting."
At midnight, Ryan did not return to rest. He rushed to the hospital to visit the woman he loved deeply.
In the quiet hallway, Justin and Arnold were talking about Carrie's injuries. Seeing Ryan arrive, Justin immediately pulled him aside.
"I got news from Ralph that Liam was killed in the hospital. Was it you?"
"Yeah." Facing his brother, Ryan did not mince words.
"That's too risky. This is murder! Although Liam deserves to die, doing so will drag you into huge trouble."
Justin grasped Ryan's shoulder
tightly. "If getting revenge requires sacrificing yourself, what's the point of revenge? Even if you don't think for yourself, you should think about Carrie Yasmin has already
sacrificed herself. If a live
happens to you, how will Carrie live on?" 
Ryan's throat dried up, and his eyes moistened.
"Liam is dead. The police will treat you as their prime suspect because you have enough motives." Justin's breath became heavier as he formed a plan "I'll come up with something. to deal with the police. You just need to deny it to the end. I'll handle the rest." 
"Justin, sorry. I did this to Carrie..."
Ryan's tall frame helplessly leaned forward, resting his forehead on Justin's shoulder. The man, who had forced himself to hold on until now, finally shed his armor and showed his vulnerable side. 
Beads of burning tears soaked into Justin's suit. He felt distressed as he raised his arm, gently patting the man, who was crying like a child. "Ryan, it's not your fault. Nothing was your fault. You must be strong. You still have me, Bella, Arnold, and the others. We're all on your side." "I want to see Carrie."
In the ward, Carrie's frail body lay on the snow-white bed. She wore an oxygen mask, and the monitor tracked her weak heartbeat.
###chapter1924
Ryan sat beside the bed, holding her scarred hand against his cheek, gently rubbing it, and kissing her palm.
He usually doted on her, treating her like priceless, fragile porcelain.
He had taken such good care of her, yet those bastards trampled on his beloved in the mud, causing her to break apart...
"Carrie, I'm here. Open your eyes and look at me, okay?" Ryan's reddened eyes welled with tears, his pale lips slightly quivering as he muttered, pleading, "Wake up... Don't leave me alone." He sat there without moving until the sun rose.
Early the next morning, Gregory came to visit his daughter, accompanied by Paul.
When Justin, who stood guard outside the ward for the whole night, saw his father, he stood up with a complicated gaze.
"Were you sitting here the whole night without sleeping?" Looking at his deep eye bags, Gregory was shocked.
Justin said lightly, "Yeah. I'm not sleepy."
"How is this fine? This is the fourth day, right? A human can live for a maximum of seven days without sleep. Do you want to die?!" Gregory's brows furrowed deeply, and he blurted out in a panic.
The father and son stared at each other, an awkward tension lingering between them.
Justin's eyes widened slightly. He could not believe that this man actually cared about him.
But Gregory's words seemed genuinely concerned. He was not used to it.
Gregory blinked and cleared his throat. "I had Paul buy some breakfast. You haven't eaten yet, right? Have some."
Paul immediately placed the two takeout boxes in his hands on the chair.
"There's your grandfather's portion. Take it to him later. He's picky and complains that the hospital food is tasteless, specifically asking for burgers and whatnot. I don't know what's so tasty about it. He can't seem to have enough of them."
As he spoke, Gregory paused and added, "I heard Bella also stayed here yesterday night. I've bought breakfast for her. You two can eat together."
Justin thought he had misheard Gregory and stared at him. "What did you say?"
"Ahem... Since Carrie's accident, she has been busy helping Carrie, even bringing in doctors from Meridan to treat her."
Gregory pursed his lips, his
"Although I don't like that girl, S.net
expression as prideful as ever.
helped my daughter this time
should thank her." 
Justin was stunned for a while, feeling complex emotions and unsure what to say.
Paul took the scene in and chuckled lightly.
Perhaps it was a blessing in disguise. The relationship between Gregory and Justin did not seem as hostile as before. "Who is the person in the ward?" Gregory stared at the man's back through the glass window and asked curiously.
"It's Ryan."
"You mean he's Ryan?!" Gregory was stocked. "Why did his hair become like that?"
Paul glanced over. Ryan was still so young, but his hair was as white as snow. Paul felt distressed looking at it.
"So many things happened to his
family, and Carrie was severely injured He was heartbroken. His hair turned white overnight from grief." Justin choked up, unable to bear looking any longer. 
Gregory's eyes widened with disbelief, but he had to believe it.
At this time, Ryan walked out with heavy steps.
Seeing Gregory, he felt
overwhelming guilt, lowering his head, afraid to look into Gregory's eyes. "Chairman Salvador, sorry for
the intrusion. I'll leave now ne
Just as he was about to pass by, Gregory suddenly grabbed Ryan's arm.
"Paul, buy another set of breakfast for Mr. Hoffman and have it delivered immediately."
###chapter1925
Ryan's heart skipped a beat as he stared at Gregory blankly.
His dry lips parted slightly, but he still did not know what to say after a long while.
Standing at the side, Justin's eyes flashed with surprise. After a brief silence, his thin lips curled up in relief.
"Yes, Chairman Salvador. I'll arrange it now!"
Paul smiled and wanted to leave, but Ryan stopped him. "No need for the trouble. I still have work waiting for me. Thank you for your offer, Chairman Salvador."
Gregory did not force it and nodded slightly, saying in a low voice, "So many things have happened in your family, and you had to shoulder it yourself. It must be hard on you, but you can't neglect your well- being. Carrie is my only daughter. If you can't hold on, her sky will collapse."
Ryan's body, overwhelmed by exhaustion from the past few days and battered by the harsh reality, suddenly felt a surge of warmth at this moment.
His heart tightened, and he looked steadily at Gregory. His voice was hoarse but determined as he said, "Please rest assured. For Carrie's sake, I'll hold on no matter how hard it is."
Justin held Ryan's shoulder as they walked toward the parking lot.
"Ryan, congratulations."
Justin's eyes curved as he smiled brightly. "It looks like Gregory's attitude toward you has softened. After this life-threatening accident, he must have thought it through and doesn't resent you as much anymore."
Ryan's lips curled up slightly into a bitter smile. "Justin, thank you for comforting me. But I know my place."
Looking at his dim and flickering gaze, Justin felt sorrowful.
Ryan was carefree and spirited in the past, but now, facing his love for Carrie, he was full of guilt and inferiority, as if he could not love someone passionately and boldly as he did before. Looking at Ryan now, Justin thought of himself back when he was struggling in his relentless pursuit of Bella.
At this moment, he would be Ryan's support.
"Ryan, be more confident. You haven't wronged anyone."
Justin patted his shoulder heavily. "Although Gregory could not meddle in your relationship with Carrie even as her father, Carrie would be
happier with his support. Beside-net
he
would assist the Hoffman Group for the sake of his only daughter. Your future road as the head of the
Hoffman family would become smoother. 
"However, quoting Bella's words, Gregory is extremely stubborn and cares too much about his pride. Even if he acknowledged you deep down, he would not say anything. His behavior today was already unexpected. Don't worry. You and Carrie have gone through life and death together. There won't be anyone or anything that could separate you again." 
At this time, a series of casual yet steady footsteps walked toward them.
"Mr. Brown?"
"Drew?"
Drew's black trench coat made a rustling sound as the wind in the parking lot blew past him. His handsome features darkened with a cold gleam.
"I was caught up at work, so I came late."
Justin immediately shook his head. "You're not late."
Drew stared at Ryan, who looked different now. His lashes fluttered as he went straight to the point. "Is there anything else I could help you with?"
Ryan felt a surge of warmth. "Thanks. I can manage by myself."
"Back then, when Justin's head was cracked open and he was hospitalized, do you remember what I said?"
Drew slightly raised his lips. "I said, from now on, you're not the only friend Justin has. Similarly, he's not your only friend too. Whenever necessary, you can utilize all the resources, including me." "Mr. Brown... Thank you." Ryan's eyes reddened, and he thanked Drew softly.
"Ha, if you really want to thank me, call me Drew." Drew could not keep a straight face for more than three seconds, immediately teasing again.
Ryan's voice choked. "Drew."
"Tsk, it's no fun if you're so obedient." Drew clicked his tongue, covering up his sadness.
"Mr. Hoffman!" Dean anxiously
rushed over. There's movement from Mrs. Hoffman! She bribed a prison doctor to tamper with Zoe's medical report. The police have agreed to their request for medical parole, and she'll be released from the prison this afternoon
"Got it." This was clearly bad news, but Ryan was eerily calm. "Gather everyone who's still willing to work for me. If they're afraid of taking on the risk, I won't force them."
Justin vaguely sensed that he was about to do something dangerous. He frowned deeply and wanted to speak, but Drew saw through him and smiled mischievously. "Hey, why so troublesome? I alone am enough."
###chapter1926
Due to Ryan's severe beating, Zoe broke two of her ribs. Therefore, her treatment in the detention center over the past few days was somewhat better than Bethany's. At the very least, she could stay in a single room and did not have to clean toilets or drink urine.
Every day, Zoe would cough up blood, lacking the strength to even complain. She could only lie weakly on the hard, basic bed, crying and feeling like she was about to die.
"Help... I'm dying... I drank the blood of an AIDS patient. I'm going to get AIDS... Someone, please save me!"
Bethany's trick had indeed worked wonders.
For the past few days, the sole thought of Bethany's malicious words would make Zoe bend over and vomit. Ever since then, she lived in constant fear and anxiety.
Unfortunately, no one cared about her.
She endured this suffering until this day.
When she learned that the authorities were going to release her on medical parole and send her to the hospital, Zoe, who had been on the brink of death, sat up abruptly, feeling as if she had come back to life. She began to laugh and cry hysterically in front of the prison guards and her lawyer.
"Hahaha... I knew it... I knew Grandpa and Mommy wouldn't abandon me! I just knew it!"
Her eyes were bloodshot and frenzied as she laughed. "Ryan wants me dead... Well, he can dream on! Hahahaha!"
Even the prison guards frowned at her stubborn, unrepentant behavior.
Her lawyer did not dare to tell her about Logan's passing, fearing it would drive her completely mad and make her lash out like a rabid dog.
So, he patiently said, "Ms. Hoffman, the police car to take you to the hospital is already waiting outside. Please, let's get moving."
"The police car? Did my Mom not send a car for me? Why should I ride in a police car?!" Zoe demanded, glaring and pouting.
The lawyer was at a loss for words. "Ms. Hoffman, they are releasing you on medical parole. You are not acquitted. You are still a criminal suspect, and the prosecution will continue to press charges against you during your treatment in the hospital."
"You useless fool!" Pointing at the
lawyer's nose like a shrew, Zoe cursed "You're telling me you can't ever handle such a trivial matter?! Is my family paying you for nothing?!" en.swhovels.net
The lawyer gritted his teeth in anger. He cursed her inwardly, hoping she would not meet a good end.
Two police officers escorted Zoe out of the detention center with her hands cuffed.
The weather was bad, with dark clouds looming and an oppressive atmosphere.
Despite this, Zoe looked up at the sky with excitement, greedily breathing in the fresh air. 'Ah, Freedom is not far away!'
If she could walk out of this stinking
detention
be
center, she would surehe
to escape unscathed.
avoid legal punishment.
After all, she was the beloved darling of her grandfather and mother, the treasured heiress of the Hoffman family.
With the escort of two officers, Zoe boarded the police van provided for her, and they headed toward the designated hospital.
Sitting in the back, Zoe closed her eyes and relaxed, imagining the carefree days awaiting her once she got out.
Did Ryan really think this would make her pay for what she had done? He must have lost his mind being in love!
Not only would he be unable to do.
anything to her, but for
sibling like this, even their
ovelis
grandfather would not spare him. He could forget about being the CEO! en.swhovels.net
Lost in her thoughts, Zoe gradually fell asleep.
The van left the city, driving toward the Fourth Highway and into an underpass.
As the vehicle entered the dark tunnel, the surveillance camera above the freeway suddenly stopped rotating.
The van continued to drive smoothly until the tires suddenly screeched with a piercing sound.
###chapter1927
Both front left tires of the van simultaneously blew out, causing the vehicle to lose control and crash violently into the left wall with a thunderous bang.
The crash dented the left door and completely wrecked the front of the van. It was a horrific sight.
Having worn seat belts, the two police officers sustained only minor injuries.
However, Zoe, seated in the back, was not as lucky. She hit her head hard. A large bump formed on her head, and the door crushed her left arm, with metal scraping her flesh, causing blood to gush out and her to scream in pain.
"How could the tires blow out suddenly?!"
"That's really strange. Let's check it out!"
As the two officers got out of the van and bent down to inspect the situation, they suddenly felt a sharp pain in their napes and collapsed to the ground.
Instead of being frightened, Zoe looked excitedly at the man in a black trench coat and mask standing before her. "Did my grandfather send you to rescue me?! He must have sent you here, right?!" "Heh, rescue a monster like you?"
The man narrowed his sharp, contrasting eyes. He then let out a mocking laugh. "I'm not someone who enjoys such lowly tasks."
Zoe's pupils dilated. Her blood froze in her veins as she trembled uncontrollably.
"W-Who are you?!"
"Me?"
The man leaned in closer, his presence oppressive, his eyes piercing through her fear-stricken, pale face. "I'm the one who enforces God's will and oversees everything. I'm the Archangel of Vengeance."
When Zoe regained consciousness, she had no idea where she was.
She found iron chains shackled in her hands, suspending her from the ceiling. Someone had stripped her of her inmate uniform, leaving her in nothing but a dirty bra and O underwear. 
The room, likely a basement, had no windows and was frigid, causing her teeth to chatter and her skin to break out in goosebumps.
"Help... Someone... Please help me...!"
Zoe struggled, crying out desperately. "Grandpa... Mom... Help me!"
Suddenly, the basement door opened.
Three muscular men entered. Without a word, they started tearing off the remaining scraps of her clothes and took turns violating her.
Her heart-wrenching screams echoed in the darkness.
Vision blurred after crying, Zoe stared hopelessly at the swaying dim light overhead. Her face was bruised and battered, but she could only endure the brutal assault with resignation. 
The overwhelming pain felt like she was perpetually clawing her way out of hell, only to get dragged back into the abyss repeatedly.
After what felt like an eternity, the three men had their fill and threw a jacket over her bleeding body before leaving the basement.
In excruciating pain, Zoe felt as if her body had split apart. She wrapped herself in the jacket and slowly crawled forward, sobbing wretchedly. Just then, cold, steady footsteps approached her.
A pair of spotless leather shoes appeared in front of her. She squinted through her swollen eyes, struggling to look up.
"You... You..." Zoe gasped, her eyes bloodshot with rage.
"How does it feel to get humiliated, Ms. Hoffman?"
Ryan looked down at her coldly, a cruel smile playing on his lips. "You tortured Carrie for three years, so I found three men to torture you. An eye for an eye, fair and square.” en.swhovels.net
###chapter1928
"Ryan... Ryan..."
Zoe grabbed the hem of the man's pants with her filthy hands. Her eyes brimmed with ghostly hatred and venomous resentment. "For that slut... For that slut... You're treating me like this all because of her... What makes her so special? I'm your sister! How can you do this to me?!"
"Yeah, you're my sister."
Ryan's voice was so mellow it seemed to blend into the darkness. His narrow eyes gleamed coldly, holding back a hint of tears.
"My own sister, whom I doted on since childhood, repeatedly stabbed me in the heart with the cruelest daggers. You didn't hesitate to tear apart my happiness with your own hands for your selfish desires. If you hated and harmed only me, perhaps I could forgive you for the sake of our sibling bond. But you tortured an innocent girl, and that girl happened to be the love of my life...
"Zoe, I've given you too many chances. Each time, I held onto a sliver of hope that you would change and come to your senses. However, I overestimated your conscience. Whenever I showed you mercy, you responded with even more ruthless and vicious cruelty toward Carrie."
Ryan closed his reddened eyes.
He kept seeing the scene of Carrie fiercely fending off Jason Solloway.
What if she had not had the strength to resist? What if she had not risked her life to fight back?
The horrors Zoe just faced would have been Carrie's fate.
"Ryan... Stop justifying your heartlessness and betrayal with excuses!"
Zoe panted heavily, glaring at him with malice. "That foolish woman had completely brainwashed you! You're nothing but a madman now... You're just like a mad dog under her manipulation! My biggest regret in this life is being your sister and not killing that bitch back then... That way, you'd live in regret forever!"
Ryan narrowed his sharp eyes, glaring at her.
He watched her shout madly, turning into a hideous monster.
"You locked me up here... Do you think you can avenge that bitch just like this? Haha... You kidnapped me right under the police's nose. They will find me soon! And Grandpa... Mom... They will all look for me... Ryan, you're done for! You're totally done for!"
"Grandpa is gone."
Despite always being calm, Ryan's voice choked momentarily when he delivered the news.
Zoe's face turned as white as plaster, her eyes vacant. "What did you just say? Grandpa... He's dead?"
Then Zoe burst into uncontrollable laughter. "Ha... Haha! Ryan, you must be lying. At this point, you're saying anything to get at me!"
"Is it even necessary for me to do that?"
The pain in Ryan's eyes floated in the darkness. "We'll be holding Grandpa's funeral the day after tomorrow. Unfortunately, you won't get to see him one last time."
Zoe's pupils shrank as panic completely overtook her. "How is this possible...?"
"Liam killed him. He stabbed him thrice."
Despair washed over Zoe, her heart spasming with fear. "No... No..."
"You aided and abetted this. You tried to use Liam to go against me and then to get rid of Carrie. But in the end, it was Liam who killed the person who loved you the most in this family. Not only that, Liam killed our father, too. He was the one who tampered with the plane crash back then." 
Zoe was completely stunned. She felt as if her entire world was collapsing with a deafening roar.
"Back then, I told you more than once to stay away from Liam, that he might be the one who killed Dad. But you insisted on associating with him. Your actions, without a doubt, made you Liam's accomplice."
Suppressing the pain of losing her
loved ones, Ryan's voice was hoarse from the weight of grief "If he could kill his own father, do you think you can survive under his hand? You followed his orders to kidnap Carrie, not knowing that he was ready to ambush you. He had already set up cameras to record your vite deeds and exposed them online. You are nothing more than a pawn he can discard once you've outlived your usefulness." 
Reeling from the blow to her soul, Zoe started laughing maniacally again, her gaze increasingly crazed. "So, Liam played me? Haha... What a joke! I'm not the pawn. He is! Ryan... You've gone to great lengths to morally blackmail me. Do you think that by saying all this... I'll fall into your trap and feel guilty? Don't you dare think you can stand on the moral high ground to punish me... I don't buy it!" 
Ryan's handsome face remained impassive. "I'll give you one last chance. Apologize to Carrie right now, in front of me. I will show you leniency if you do so."
"Don't even think about it! I'd rather die than bow to that bitch!" Zoe spat fiercely, defiant as ever.
"Dean."
Dean, who had been waiting outside, approached the man. "Yes, Mr. Hoffman."
"Please escort Ms. Hoffman on her final journey."
Ryan's pale lips parted slightly as he spoke. He then decisively turned and walked toward the door.
###chapter1929
"Ryan! Where are you sending me to... What are you going to do to me?!"
Just moments ago, Zoe had been shouting defiantly. But now she was fearing for her life. Despite her terror, she stubbornly refused to beg for mercy and screamed at Ryan's tall, shadowy figure. "Have you forgotten the vow you made at Dad's grave?! You promised to cherish me and protect me for life! How can you do this and still face our dead father?!"
Upon hearing Zoe's words, Ryan halted his heavy footsteps.
A torrent of emotions surged within him. His heart sank into a mire of exhaustion and pain.
He slowly unfolded his trembling hands.
When they were younger, these hands had gently patted the soft hair of that sweet girl, fed her, lifted her high in the air, and held her hand as they ran joyfully through amusement parks.
Other than being her brother, he had also taken on the role of a father. He tried his best to fill the void left by their absent father during her childhood.
But now, these same hands were about to sever, with deep anguish, the blood bond that had wounded him so deeply.
A single, hot tear fell into his palm.
"I swore to cherish my sister. But you are nothing more than a monster. You're a monster, consumed by jealousy and desire."
With those words, the man no longer hesitated and strode away.
Zoe's heart suddenly shattered, and her expression became hollow.
In an instant, remorse consumed her entire being.
But there was no turning back now.
By the time Ryan walked out of the abandoned villa, it was already late.
Leaning against the hood of a sports car smoking, Drew saw Ryan come out and stubbed out his cigarette underfoot.
"Drew, you're still here." Ryan approached him, his face drained of color.
"Of course, I stayed. I was afraid you'd do something stupid. My brother-in-law asked me to watch over you."
Drew sighed, trying to sound casual. "It's a good thing you held yourself together."
"Were you worried I'd kill her?"
Ryan slowly shook his head. "I wouldn't take her life. Justin wouldn't want my hands stained with blood, and I don't want to disappoint him."
Drew stared intently at him, his tongue pressed against the roof of his mouth, hesitant to speak.
"You're thinking it's too much for me to treat my sister this way, right?" Ryan tilted his head slightly, as if holding back some overwhelming emotion.
Drew crossed his arms, pondering
for a moment. "If Bella was the one who got tormented to this extent, I think I'd be even more ruthless than you I'd definitely kill her, and no one could stop me from doing so."
Ryan lowered his eyelids wearily. "Drew, I have no idea why my heart still hurts now. But I have no regrets."
After Zoe's abduction, the police conducted an all-night investigation but found nothing.
Someone hacked the surveillance at the crime scene, and tranquilizer darts knocked out the two police officers on duty before they could see the kidnapper's face. In broad daylight, Zoe vanished into thin air.
The next day, the Hoffman Group held an emergency board meeting.
All the directors unanimously approved, and Ryan officially took over the group.
Though he was still under thirty, he fully took charge of the Hoffman Group, becoming the head of the Hoffman family and the chairman of the Hoffman Group.
Dressed in a sharp, distinguished
black suit, Ryan sat at the head of
the conference table, accepting
applause and words of
congratulations with an indifferent expression. 
He had finally reached the pinnacle of power, with everyone bowing to him.
However, he did not seem to feel any joy. This was not what he truly wanted.
Just then, someone violently kicked the conference room door open.
"I to this!"
Mrs. Hoffman stormed into the conference room. Her eyes were bloodshot with rage as she furiously berated Ryan in front of all the directors. Her gaze was terrifying. "Ryan... You cold-blooded, ruthless wretch I am a major shareholder of the Hoffman Group, and I hold shares! I to you becoming the chairman of the Hoffman Group! You're someone capable of harming your own sister... With such poor character, selfishness, and greed, what right do you have to lead the Hoffman Group?!" 
###chapter1930
Ryan lowered his eyes, spinning the pen of power between his slender fingers.
The others glanced at Mrs. Hoffman's outburst, shaking their heads with a hint of contempt in their eyes.
"Zoe disappeared on her way to the hospital for treatment, and no one has seen her since then! You must have taken her!"
Mrs. Hoffman stormed up to Ryan. She slammed her hands on the table repeatedly, ignoring the presence of the board members.
"Ryan! Send my daughter back to me! Or else... I'll call a shareholders' meeting and kick you out of the Hoffman Group! Send Zoe back to me!"
Ryan stopped spinning the pen in his fingers. However, he did not lift his gaze to look at his distressed mother.
"Mrs. Hoffman, what are you doing?"
Unable to bear the scene any longer, a fellow director spoke up. "Ms. Hoffman might've disappeared because she jumped out of the car when the officers weren't looking. If you want to make a fuss, go to the police."
"Exactly. We're in the middle of a board meeting. You shouldn't bring up your trivial family matters here. It will damage the Hoffman Group's reputation."
"Trivial family matters?"
Mrs. Hoffman's eyes widened. She looked as if she was about to attack someone. "Is that all you can say about this matter? Are you heartless? If it were your child, would you still be so indifferent?!" The directors fell silent, shocked by her words.
The directors thought that Mrs. Hoffman, the matriarch of the Hoffman family, had never been so irrational when her husband was still alive. Being a young widow seemed to have driven her to the brink of madness.
As the key person behind Claire's outburst, Ryan finally spoke with calm authority.
"That's all for today. Meeting adjourned."
"Yes, Chairman Hoffman!"
The directors quickly rose and left the room, eager to escape the conflict.
The unified "Chairman Hoffman" struck Mrs. Hoffman like a blow to her head. It made her earlier outburst seem even more foolish and desperate.
As everyone left, the meeting room grew cold and empty.
"Ryan, did you kidnap Zoe? Where did you take her?!" Mrs. Hoffman demanded, her eyes red with fury.
"One should always dispose of filthy garbage," Ryan responded with cold indifference, his eyes dark and inscrutable.
"Send Zoe back to me! She's my flesh and blood!"
Mrs. Hoffman's voice was hoarse with desperation. "You've already abandoned me as your mother. Zoe is all I have left. Send her back to me!"
Ryan silently watched her madness unfold.
His mother, who only knew how to spoil her daughter without any proper upbringing, had been weak and easily bullied her whole life. Yet now, she bristled with all her spikes to protect a monster.
She said Zoe was her flesh and blood.
But it seemed that she had forgotten that he was also her son.
She overlooked that after her husband's death, her son bore the family's burdens on his shoulders, ensuring his widowed mother and orphaned sister were not mistreated and lived comfortably in the Hoffman family.
Seeing that Ryan remained unresponsive, Claire finally revealed her true intentions, threatening through gritted teeth. "You won't comply, will you? Fine... I'll go to the police and report you then! I'll expose your abuse and kidnapping of your sister to the media! I'll make sure public opinions condemn you and ruin your reputation!"
Clatter.
Ryan tossed his phone onto the table. A video began to play on the screen. Zoe's desperate cries and pleas for mercy echoed throughout the meeting room.
Mrs. Hoffman stared at the phone,
her face turning deathly pale as she watched the three men assault her daughter repeatedly. She felt her heart torn to shreds. She then clutched her head, tearing at her hair, jumping, crying, and screaming. 
"My daughter... My daughter!"
"She's not your daughter! She's the monster you've nurtured."
Ryan turned off the video. His cold, pale lips curled slightly. "Since you couldn't properly raise your daughter, the cruel world will have to teach her how to be a human being. Mrs. Hoffman, I know you must be heartbroken right now. Well, She is your daughter after all. Go ahead and cry since you'll never see her again." 
Mrs. Hoffman completely lost her sanity.
She laughed through her tears, cursing and gnashing her teeth. Her legs gave out, and Dean called two bodyguards to carry her out.
"Chairman Hoffman, I've arranged for Mrs. Hoffman to take your private elevator directly to the VIP parking lot. I guarantee she won't encounter anyone along the way," Dean said, recalling Mrs. Hoffman's hysterical behavior.
"There's no need for that. Let her walk out through the main entrance."
Ryan stood with his back to Dean. His tall and
cold shadow in front of the
wowsing figure cast a
floor-to-ceiling window. "Since she walked in through the main door openly, let her leave the Hoffman Group's building in the same state, in front of everyone." 
Dean immediately understood.
Ryan wanted the entire Hoffman Group and the world to know that Mrs. Hoffman had lost her mind. Believing the words of a lunatic would be madness itself.
"Did you record everything that happened in the meeting room just now?" Ryan asked, his expression indifferent.
Dean nodded. "Yes, I did."
"Contact a reputable mental hospital. Have them issue a diagnosis, and then send someone to take Mrs. Hoffman away as soon as possible."
"Yes, Chairman Hoffman," Dean responded with a cold smile.
With the diagnosis proving Mrs. Hoffman's mental illness, Ryan would gain guardianship over her and all her assets. The shares Mrs. Hoffman held would naturally fall into his hands as well. "Also, I just received news that Zoe has been placed on a smuggling ship. In five days, she will arrive in Terranova. What would you like to do then...?"
"Let her fend for herself."
Ryan closed his eyes wearily and took a deep breath. "I don't want to waste any more energy on trash like her."
Dean sighed. "You're right. It's not worth it."
"Dean, do you think I've become frightening?" Ryan stood there, looking heartbreakingly frail.
"No, you are the embodiment of justice, the monster slayer. You are merely making the wicked pay for their deeds."
Ryan murmured, "Those who fight monsters eventually become monsters themselves."
Just then, Ryan's phone rang.
Seeing that it was a call from Justin, Ryan steadied himself and answered, "Hey, Justin." "Ryan, come to the hospital quickly. Carrie just woke up!"
###chapter1931
Ryan sped alone toward the hospital in his sports car. The car's engine roared like thunder and left the blurred scenery behind.
As soon as he reached the hospital, he got out of the car and rushed into the VIP ward area.
Bella, Justin, Asher, and Arnold were waiting outside the ward.
"How is Carrie?" Ryan asked, breathless and sweating.
"Grandpa Nigel and Chairman Salvador are with her inside."
Bella's face glowed with relief but still showed concern. "However, Carrie's internal injuries need careful treatment. Her body is still very weak, and there's even a possibility of recurring injuries in the future.” "Though she protected her head during the attack, prolonged immersion in water caused a lung infection and severe oxygen deprivation to her brain, which led to her coma."
Arnold furrowed his brows. "Tomorrow, I'll conduct a thorough brain examination to check for any irreversible damage to her nerves and develop a treatment plan." Asher looked at his partner's clearly weary face, his deep eyes filled with tenderness. He gently caressed Arnold's face and said, "You've worked hard these past few days."
"Having you with me makes it bearable." Arnold tugged at the corner of Asher's jacket, his soft lips brushing against his ear and his warm breath soothing him. "But... if you truly feel I've had a hard time, make sure to reward me well when we get back."
Asher's eyes darkened, and though his expression remained normal, his hand on Arnold's waist tightened. It was so warm that it made him shiver.
Arnold narrowed his fox-like eyes and smirked. 'Hmph, Asher is pretending to be all serious. But he loves it!'
"I..." Ryan opened his dry lips, hesitating with a hint of guilt.
Seeing his turmoil, Justin spoke softly, "Wait until Grandpa and the others come out before you go in to see Carrie. I believe the person she most wants to see is you."
Ryan felt a sharp pain in his chest, and his breathing became heavy.
"Doctor! Where is the doctor?!"
Suddenly, Gregory burst out the door, his
US face flushed with urgent
sn't my daughter set
"Why
What's going on?!" 
As a doctor, Arnold had a sense of urgency and immediately rushed into the ward.
Justin and Bella followed closely
behind. Ryan's heart clenched
was about to enter. But at that
moment, the ward door closed
coincidentally. 
He felt a shiver run through him, pressing his palm against the cold door as he lowered his head. Anxiety wrecked his heart. He could not bring himself to go in.
Despite his intense worry and impatience, he felt as if heavy chains were shackling his ankles, leaving him hesitant.
Just then, a warm hand gently rested on his shoulder.
With tears welling up in his eyes, Ryan turned and met Asher's comforting gaze.
"Don't be afraid, and don't doubt yourself. You are the one for Carrie. No one else can replace you."
"Asher..." Ryan's voice came out strained and slow.
"Your love for her is beyond anyone's opinion. It's all up to the both of you."
Asher's warm smile offered Ryan solace. "Go in and see her. I believe that even while she was in a deep coma, she has always been waiting for you." 
###chapter1932
Chapter 1932
In the hospital ward, Carrie lay on the bed with a stable heartbeat and had her oxygen mask removed.
However, her breathing remained labored. Her small face was pale, and her long eyelashes fluttered delicately like butterflies poised to take flight.
"Don't be afraid, my child... You're safe now. Grandpa is here. Your father, brother, and sister-in-law are all here. No one can hurt you anymore," Nigel said, holding his granddaughter's hand, his eyes brimming with tears.
Justin's breath hitched as he held Bella, her slender body tense in his arms.
She was clearly heartbroken. However, she tried to suppress her emotions to keep her composure in front of her elders and Carrie.
A single tear glistened in Carrie's sunken eye sockets, slowly sliding down her pale cheek.
Her dry lips moved as she tried to speak, but no sound came out.
"Dr. Larson, why can't my daughter speak?!" Gregory looked at Arnold anxiously.
Arnold pondered, frowning, "She seems to have functional aphasia."
"Aphasia?!" All three Salvador men were shocked.
"Some patients develop this condition after a traumatic event. It usually results from extreme mental stress and emotional turmoil."
Bella explained softly, her heart aching.
"Dr. Larson, is there any way to help my granddaughter?" Nigel asked, filled with despair.
Arnold sighed. "This is pretty complicated. If it gets severe, she might need surgery."
Nigel and Gregory felt their hearts sink. Nigel wiped away his tears. "God... Why is my granddaughter facing so many hardships?"
Carrie opened her mouth and squeezed Nigel's hand.
Though she could not speak, everyone could see she was trying to comfort him, which only made the situation more poignant.
"However, if Carrie can maintain a positive mindset and stay relaxed and happy, her condition might improve significantly," Arnold said, thoughtfully stroking his chin.
Bella's eyes sparkled, and a small smile played on her lips.
She immediately understood the hidden intention behind Arnold's words.
"Stay relaxed and happy..." Nigel's eyes lit up. He quickly asked, "I heard you guys talking outside earlier. Is Ryan here?"
"Yes, Grandpa," Justin replied immediately.
"H-Hurry... Bring Ryan in! I'm sure my granddaughter wants to see him more than us old men. Hurry, invite him in!"
Gregory was at a loss for words.
As expected from his father, he disparaged himself while taking a jab at him.
The hospital ward door opened, and Ryan's heart pounded as he walked in with awkward steps.
He hesitated on the outskirts of the room, unable to move closer.
With eyes full of encouragement, Justin gently pushed Ryan toward his sister.
"Carrie, look who's here."
Ryan's pale, haggard face came into view, meeting the girl's bloodshot eyes.
Carrie slowly widened her eyes, her mouth opening and emitting hoarse, incoherent sounds.
Her previously dull eyes now seemed to hold countless bright stars. She gazed at him quietly and lovingly. At that moment, Ryan could no longer contain his overwhelming emotions.
He kneeled by Carrie's bed before everyone, a broken sob escaping his throat as he wept uncontrollably.
###chapter1933
Chapter 1933
Ryan's once strong posture gradually bent under the burden of his emotions. He had always kept them tightly contained but they were now spilling over.
"Ah... Ah..."
Carrie's clear eyes turned red as she struggled to lift her hand. She gently placed her hand on Ryan's much slimmer face. Her trembling fingers wandered upward, finally resting at his graying temples.
"Have I become a lot uglier?"
Ryan covered her hand with his calloused one, gently rubbing it and trying to smile. "I'm not as handsome as I used to be. Carrie... Are you going to dislike me because of that?"
"Ah..."
Carrie's heart ached. However, her almost-babbling sounds barely escaped her lips, her eyes brimming with tears.
Sensitive and tender-hearted, Bella could not hold back and secretly wiped away her tears.
Unable to bear watching any longer, Nigel pulled Gregory out of the room. Justin and Bella followed suit, leaving the two lovers alone in the ward.
Having survived the ordeal, even though Carrie could not speak, they had countless feelings to share as they faced each other.
Ryan tightly held Carrie's thin frame, his breath warm and heavy as his tears fell onto her hand.
They gazed at each other in silence. Their deep love required no words.
Carrie's long lashes fluttered softly as she slowly traced alphabets on Ryan's palm with her delicate fingers.
Y-A-S-M-I-N.
As she finished the last letter, Ryan's tightly clenched fist trembled from the strain. His downturned lips barely contained the bone-deep pain of losing a loved one.
"Carrie, recover well. Once you get better, I'll take you to see Yasmin."
Innocent and simple-hearted, Carrie did not grasp his well-intentioned deception. She nodded earnestly, a faint smile forming on her lips.
Since Carrie had woken up and Nigel had almost recovered, they were packing up and preparing for discharge.
In the hospital ward, Matt was organizing things while Nigel took the opportunity to pull Gregory aside for a conversation.
"At this point, I'm not going to say anything unnecessary."
Nigel took a sip of tea, his expression stern. "Now, Chairman Hoffman has passed away. The authorities have brought Liam and Zoe to justice. Mrs. Hoffman also has severe mental issues. They have already sent her to a psychiatric hospital abroad for treatment. Ryan has kept his word and resolved all the troubles on the Hoffmans' side. I think you shouldn't have any more reservations toward him, right?"
Gregory lowered his eyelids. He seemed to have a lot to say but was unsure of how to start.
"Ryan had sacrificed a lot for Carrie. From what Justin and Anna said, Ryan's personal bodyguard, who grew up with him, also chose to sacrifice herself to save Carrie."
Gregory nodded solemnly. "Yes, that girl named Yasmin. I've known her since she was a child. She was always by Ryan's side."
"Gregory, are you still unwilling to let go of your prejudice and accept Ryan? As parents, don't we just want to see our children happy? Think about yourself back then. You were so determined to marry Justin's mother, despite immense pressure. Can you really bear to tear apart these two ill-fated lovers? The kids have suffered so much because of your opposition. Can you truly turn a blind eye to their pain?"
In a moment of realization, Gregory remembered his younger self.
He had once loved a woman with the same unwavering resolve as the young man from the Hoffman family.
Yet he had to admit he lacked Ryan's depth of emotion. Shannon's fake affections blinded him, leading to his eternal separation from the woman he truly loved. He even misunderstood her for over twenty years. However, no amount of regret could change the past. It was already too late.
###chapter1934
Chapter 1934
However, Carrie and Ryan still unwaveringly held each other's hand. They could definitely start anew.
"Dad, I have no more ions to Carrie's and Ryan's marriage."
Gregory sat upright. After a pause, he added sternly, "In the coming days, I'll have Paul prepare a list of wedding gifts. Even though Ryan has lost his family members, I must still ensure that my daughter's wedding is grand and respectable. With Ryan as the chairman of the Hoffman Group now, Carrie will become the legitimate matron of the Hoffman family. If the betrothal gifts aren't substantial enough, those snobby Hoffman family members might gossip and belittle my daughter."
Nigel responded with a neutral expression. "Let the young people make their own decisions about their marriage. Your only job is not to oppose them. You don't need to worry about the rest. Carrie had suffered severe trauma and wouldn't easily shake off the psychological trauma. They should arrange the wedding on their own. If not, they can also just register their marriage first to avoid further delays and complications."
Gregory felt a mix of anger, hatred, and guilt as he thought about how Shannon's illegitimate child had taken away half of the love that should have been exclusively for Carrie. His eyes reddened with the intensity of his emotions, and he resolved never to let his only daughter suffer any longer.
"Alright, we'll do it as you say,"
Relieved, Gregory stepped out of his father's ward, only to find Justin waiting for him outside the door. "Is something going on?"
Justin pursed his lips. "I just received news that Harry had a heart attack last night and died in prison."
Gregory's expression remained stern, his tone detached. "Well, he got what he deserved. He and Shannon can reunite in the afterlife."
His teeth clenched, and a surge of hatred filled his heart.
Justin's expression turned inscrutable. "Do you have something to do with this?"
Gregory tensed, glancing at his son's dark and penetrating gaze.
"To be honest, there was no need for you to go this far."
Like how a father knows his son, Justin could read the answer from his father's expression. He continued in a deep and serious tone, "Shannon has already paid the price. Her daughter also severed ties with the Salvador family and will face legal consequences. I understand that you hold a grudge because Shannon deceived you, but taking a life in anger can lead to trouble. I hope you will think carefully before acting in the future."
Gregory's pupils widened in shock.
It had been many years since Justin had spoken to him so calmly and considerately. He even considered it from his perspective. It was something he had not dared to imagine before today.
As Justin turned to leave, Gregory suddenly spoke up.
"My resentment isn't solely because of Shannon's deceit."
Justin paused, his gaze deepening.
After all, they were father and son. They understood each other with just a few words.
"When Carrie gets discharged, have Ryan spend more time at Tideview Manor with her."
Then, Gregory added casually, "I know you and Ms. Thompson have a place outside, but Tideview Manor is also your home. It doesn't look right for a grown man to always stay at a woman's house. You both should come back and stay a few days every so often. Well, that's if Ms. Thompson is still willing to set foot in Tideview Manor."
Justin felt a surge of emotion but could not manage to get the words of thanks out of his throat.
The rare moment of truce between the father and son was abruptly interrupted by the arrival of Paul, who hurried over excitedly.
"Chairman Salvador! You won't believe who's back!"
Paul's eyes shone with excitement. "It's Young Master Grant! Young Master Grant is back in town!"
###chapter1935
Justin's tall frame instantly stiffened. It was as if an invisible force had seized his heart.
"What did you just say? Grant is back?!"
Gregory's eyes sparkled with joy. His delight was evident. "Where is he now?!"
"He's currently in the hospital's underground parking lot. I happened to run into him when I was returning from an errand."
"Why didn't he tell us in advance?" Gregory exclaimed, his face beaming with a mixture of joy and reproach.
"I talked to Young Master Grant for a bit. He said he didn't inform you in advance because he didn't want you to go through the trouble of preparing for his arrival." "That boy, always so considerate!" As he finished his sentence, Gregory quickly instructed Justin, "Justin, go inform your grandfather. I'll head down to greet Grant first!"
Justin watched their departing figures, his fingers curling inward slightly.
When the Salvadors reached the parking lot, Grant was already sitting calmly in his wheelchair with a gentle smile on his face.
"Grant!" Gregory called out excitedly, striding eagerly toward his eldest son.
Not far behind, Justin and Bella supported the elderly patriarch, following at a more measured pace.
"Grandpa, Dad, Justin, I ended up disturbing you all."
Grant's pale lips curled into a gentle smile, like a spring breeze rippling across a deep lake. His warm gaze finally settled on Bella's serene face. "Ms. Thompson, you've also come specifically to welcome me. I feel quite embarrassed."
"It's nothing. Since you're Justin's elder brother, you're naturally my brother as well. It's only right that I treat you with respect."
Bella responded with a polite smile while secretly sizing up the legendary eldest son of the Salvador family.
She had anticipated this day but had not expected it to arrive so abruptly.
Before meeting him, she had always imagined him as a lurking adversary, ready to challenge her man at any moment.
Yet, upon seeing him today, she found no trace of hostility in his serene and gentle demeanor.
His warm and approachable smile effortlessly bridged any distance between them.
"Welcome back, Grant," Justin said warmly. However, his handsome features were tinged with a thin layer of frost, betraying a mix of complex emotions.
He did not quite understand his own reaction.
Although his brother had merely greeted Bella, his heart suddenly clenched with unease.
At that moment, as Bella supported their grandfather, she felt an unexpected, searing warmth on the back of Justin's hand.
Justin interfaced Bella's hand, which
was supporting his grandfather's
waist, tightly. His fingertips nervously cramped together, sending a tingling sensation through his nerves. 
Bella furrowed her brows slightly, casting a puzzled gaze at Justin.
However, Justin kept his gaze ahead. His expression was as serene as that of a meditating monk, though the tension in his jawtine revealed his suppressed emotions.
"Grant, why didn't you inform us in advance of your return? We could have prepared properly. This is so sudden," Nigel said with a warm smile.
"We're all family. There's no need for preparation. It's been many years since we last met. But surely, you don'tsee me as an outsider, do you, Grandpa?" Grant's smile deepened. en.swhovels.net
###chapter1936
Nigel's expression stiffened. He said, "Nonsense, you and Justin are both my grandsons. I care for you both equally." Grant chuckled. "Grandpa, I was just joking. I know you care about me."
At that moment, the door of the luxurious van opened, and a graceful figure emerged.
"Mr. Grant, the parking lot is chilly. Your body can't handle the cold."
As she spoke, Clarice lowered her gaze and bent down, carefully draping a soft blanket over Grant's knees.
Gregory glanced at the stranger and asked, "Who is this?"
"This is Ms. Clarice Amaryllis, my personal assistant. Back when I was in Meridan, she was always taking care of me, the useless person," Grant answered, pressing a fist against his pale lips and coughing lightly.
"Grant, you're the son that I value very much. How could you call yourself useless? Don't belittle yourself. Your health has improved a lot, and with continued treatment, you will keep getting better!" Gregory spoke patiently, looking at Clarice with gratitude. "Ms. Amaryllis, thank you for your hard work."
"It's my pleasure, Chairman Salvador. Taking care of Mr. Grant is my duty. It's not hard work at all," Clarice replied with a sweet smile.
Justin stared at her lovely, delicate features, his eyes dark and intense. Even from a distance of two meters, his sharp senses picked up the faint floral scent she was giving off.
Clarice felt his gaze, and her bright eyes flickered briefly, the smile on her lips softening ever so slightly.
Bella noticed this and could not help but bite her lips, feeling secretly jealous.
"Dad, can I go visit Carrie?" Grant asked, his brows furrowed slightly as concern filled his eyes. "I'm her brother too, and I'm really worried about her."
Clarice sighed sympathetically. "To
be honest, Mr. Grant rushed back without telling anyone because he wanted to visit Ms. Carrie. Ever since her accident, he hasn't been able to get a good night's sleep. He wanted to come back sooner, but he was you all more
worried about causing was
trouble, so he delayed his return by a few days." 
"Clarice, there's no need for these unnecessary comments," Grant complained angrily.
"My son, you're so considerate," Gregory said, clearly touched. "Your timing is perfect. Carrie just regained consciousness. She'll be very happy to see you."
The Salvador family returned to the VIP in-patient ward, and the usually proud and noble Gregory personally pushed Grant's wheelchair.
It was customary for prominent families to place immense importance on their firstborn son, a tradition that had existed for centuries in Savrow.
If it were not for the kidnapping incident that led to Grant's declining health, the 'illegitimate son', Justin, would never have gained such prominence and influence within a few years.
Just as Bella was about to follow them into the ward, Justin suddenly grabbed her slender wrist.
Without a word, he pulled her into the dimly lit safety corridor and slammed the door shut behind them.
He gazed at her intensely as his large hands gripped her shoulders, pressing her against the wall, before kissing her passionately.
Bella felt no discomfort as Justin's
hand cushioned the impact between
her shoulders and the wall. Their lips
and mouths were locked in a
l.ne
passionate kiss, and tears glistened at the corners of her eyes as she was swept up in the moment.
After a long while, their lips finally parted.
"What's got you all worked up suddenly?" Bella panted, her soft and tender body still pinned against the wall by him.
"Bella, don't look at him that way,"
Justin murmured. His intense passion and possessiveness on the verge of bursting from his chest His gaze was dark and. intense. "Even if he is my elder brother." 
###chapter1937
Bella looked into Justin's lust-filled eyes, her lips still glistening from their kiss.
Suddenly, she remembered Clarice's charming face and the smile Clarice reserved for Justin. This caused a wave of discomfort to wash over her.
She was not being unreasonable. As the heiress of KS Group, she did not feel the need to behave like those jealous, petty women who rely on men. But this time, she could not control it and felt a little annoyed.
Bella said, "Grant is your elder brother, and he greeted me politely. Should I have cried instead of smiling at him?" Bella turned her face away, her face flushing slightly as she avoided Justin's intense gaze. Justin's eyes darkened. He playfully tilted Bella's chin with his fingertips, gently turning her face towards him, as if teasing and compelling her to meet his gaze.
"Bella, I'm worried," Justin said, his voice low and rough.
Bella blinked, her eyes glistening.
"Your smile is just so beautiful. I'm worried my brother might get captivated by it," Justin murmured, his lips nearly brushing the corner of hers.
"I can't help it. I'm just naturally charming all the time," Bella said in a low voice. "But no matter how charming I am, I'll never compare to Ms. Amaryllis." Justin's brow furrowed. "What do you mean by that?"
Bella pouted and said, "I thought you only had eyes for me and avoided all other women. Turns out, you just hadn't met someone to your liking." The air in the safety corridor was thick with jealousy.
Even though Justin was as dense as a rock, he got it now and couldn't help but chuckle, his heart filled with joy.
"Bella, are you jealous?"
"No, I'm not! You can look at whoever you want. I don't care... Mmph!"
Bella was once again pulled into a kiss, this time even more intense and passionate, leaving her body weak and her mind hazy.
Their bodies were pressed closely together, and she could feel his heated response. She shyly pushed against his chest but was unable to resist.
Although Justin was extremely skilled, he was not the type to lose his composure easily.
At that critical moment, he held
himself back despite his discomfort. His large hand gently cradled the back of her smooth neck as he spoke in a low, husky tone, "I was wrong. If it happens again, l'bpunish myself by turning myself blind." 
"You better not let it happen again, you rascal!" Bella glared at him and punched his shoulder.
"But Bella, you've misunderstood me." Justin held her close, looking down at her face. "I paid attention to Clarice because I had a suspicion." "What do you mean?"
"The last time I went to Meridan to
visit my brother, she was the one who fetched me. She had a unique fragrance, similar to orchids.
vaguely remember that Christopher also had this scent." 
Justin's voice lowered, a contemplative look in his eyes. "I pretended to want to buy you perfume just so I could ask her about that scent. She said it was a custom blend that's hard to find on the market. When I caught a whiff of it again on her today, I couldn't help but pay closer attention. m sorry for making you unhappy. It was my mistake." 
Bella draped her delicate arms over his sturdy shoulders, meeting his gaze intently. "Christopher does always smell nice, but I never noticed the orchid scent you mentioned."
###chapter1938
"Do you think there's a connection between Christopher and Clarice?"
"I know my instincts are usually on point, but this evidence is just not concrete enough. It could just be a coincidence," Justin said.
Justin was a rational person. However, he always believed that his brother was a person of integrity. How could he associate with someone as despicable as Christopher?
Bella pondered for a moment before speaking firmly, "I'm not sure how long your brother will be staying in Savrow this time. If he's just here to visit Carrie, that's fine. But if he decides to stick around, Justin, you'll need to have someone keep an eye on his whereabouts. If Clarice is really connected to Christopher, your brother cannot possibly be unaware of Christopher. If he stays in Savrow for a long time, it's inevitable they will interact."
She continued, "Well, I genuinely hope your brother has no connection to Christopher in any way. After all, you hold him in such high regard."
"Bella, I'm glad you feel that way about my brother." Justin let out a long, relieved sigh, as if a heavy burden had been lifted from his shoulders, but he still held Bella close in his arms. "I'm not afraid of anything except losing you."
Bella pouted, playfully poking his chest. "Mr. Salvador, can't you focus on the crisis at hand instead of just thinking about love all the time?"
Despite her concerns for his empire, all he seemed to think about was love.
Carrie had just woken up, and her body was still very weak. She forced herself to stay awake for a while to enjoy Ryan's company, but soon fell into a deep sleep again.
Grant visited his little sister, taking a serious interest in her current condition. Although his visit was brief, he showed his brotherly love and care for her to the fullest extent.
For Gregory, who had been under immense pressure for days, today was a double blessing. His daughter had regained consciousness, and his eldest son had returned from abroad. He immediately instructed Paul to arrange a lavish dinner at the Tideview Manor to welcome Grant back. 
Grant, along with his grandfather and father, headed back to the Tideview Manor, while Justin sente Bella, who had not rested for several days, back to the villa in Savrow before rushing to join them at the
Tideview Manor. 
As he entered, Justin noticed the butler and servants scurrying about, carrying all sorts of items.
The coffee table was stacked high with gift boxes of all shapes and sizes.
"What are these?" Justin asked the butler.
The butler spoke cheerfully. "Young Master Grant has returned with some gifts for Old Master Nigel, Chairman Salvador, as well as gifts for you and Ms. Carrie!"
He continued, "Old Master Nigel and Chairman Salvador have already seen them and are quite pleased. Chairman Salvador, in particular, seemed quite delighted. I haven't seen him smile like that in a long while!" 
Justin's eyes narrowed as he nonchalantly opened one of the gift boxes. Inside was a blue and white porcelain vase adorned with dragon designs, worth over $8 million at auction. Just that single item was a fortune in itself. Collectively, these gifts were truly lavish.
Justin's mouth tightened into a thin line.
The dining room at the Tideview Manor was bustling with energy, livelier than it had been in a while. Given Grant's well-being, the menu tonight consisted of many light and healthy dishes.
###chapter1939
Nigel didn't touch a drop of alcohol, sipping only the finest tea as he chatted amiably with Gregory and Grant. They discussed everything from the climate of Meridan to its cultural customs, finding endless topics to talk about.
When Nigel did occasionally chime in, his expression was indifferent. He was not particularly warm to his eldest grandson, but he was not distant either. He remarked, "Carrie is a blessed girl. Once she overcomes this challenge, she'll have plenty of good days ahead of her."
Grant asked with concern, "Mr. Hoffman seems truly devoted to Carrie. From what I saw today, are they close to tying the knot?"
"As soon as your sister's health improves, I'm planning to arrange their marriage."
Thinking about his daughter's marriage, tears welled up in Gregory's eyes. He felt a mix of relief and reluctance.
"This is such great news! Carrie and Mr. Hoffman are a match made in heaven. They're a perfect couple. When their big day arrives, I'll be sure to get them a really nice wedding gift."
"Grant, the gift you gave Carrie this time is already very generous. It's more than enough. No need to spend any more money!" Gregory spoke with a smile.
"It's not enough," Grant replied with a gentle, elegant smile. "You have only one daughter, and I have only one sister. She deserves to be cherished twice as much."
"These past years, living on my own in Meridan, I haven't really been there for my siblings like I should have been as the older brother. But now that I'm feeling a bit better, I just want to do something nice for them to make up for it."
Gregory was deeply touched, his eyes welling up. "Your kind words truly make me happy, my son!"
"Grant, the things you've brought today have been quite impressive," Nigel said, before his tone shifted. "It seems you've been living quite comfortably in Meridan. The gifts you've brought today alone are worth more than your yearly dividends from the Salvador Corporation, aren't they?"
Grant glanced subtly at his grandfather, appreciating the old man's insight. "In Meridan, I've been investing the dividends I receive
from the Salvador Connel
some modest business ventures. A few fortunate investments have earned me a decent amount," Grant replied sincerely and humbly, his deep eyes narrowing slightly.
Nigel chuckled. "What kind of small business can rake in billions? This old man would love to hear some business tips from my eldest grandson." Grant replied casually, "Pharmaceuticals."
A glint of intrigue flickered in Grant's eyes as he spoke.
"Wow, that pharmaceutical business must be really lucrative! Grant, you're quite the savvy businessman," Gregory remarked admiringly. "Even the Luminex Group in Hatchbay, run by Chairman Larson, shifted away from medicine years ago to focus on the booming biotech industry, and now they're one of the top pharmaceutical companies in the country." 
"It's rare to be reunited with family. Talking about business is dry and tedious. It's just about making money, after all."
Grant suddenly fixed his gaze on Justin, his eyes calm and profound. "Justin, I'm really glad that you and Ms. Thompson have reconciled. As your elder brother, I'm genuinely happy for you." Justin smiled faintly and said, "Thank you, Grant."
When I was at an auction in Meridan last month, I came across an item that I really liked. I thought it would suit Ms. Thompson perfectly, so I bought it."
Grant pulled a fancy, delicate box
from his jacket and placed it in the center of the table. "When you get back, give this to Ms. Thompson. It's a little congratulatory gift for your reconciliation." 
Justin hesitated for a moment before standing up and taking the box. As he opened it, his expression suddenly turned dark. Inside was a beautiful and realistic white magnolia hairpin.
###chapter1940
"When I saw this hairpin, I liked it very much and thought it would be perfect for Ms. Thompson," Grant said with a warm, sincere smile. "Justin, it's just a small gift. I hope you won't mind." With a snap, Justin closed the box and pushed it back to the center of the table. His eyes were dark as he said, "This gift is far too generous. Grant, I appreciate your kindness, and I would like to thank you on behalf of Bella."
Grant's expression showed no embarrassment. He continued to smile calmly, meeting Justin's gaze.
"Justin, what's the matter?" Gregory said, his displeasure evident on his face as he scolded. "Your brother has finally returned and thoughtfully prepared generous gifts for everyone, including your girlfriend. Are you so picky that you can't even accept something from your brother? Even if you don't like it, can you honestly say your brother has ever treated you poorly? You shouldn't refuse the gift. It's simply too hurtful!"
"Dad, please don't be angry." Grant coughed lightly and gently advised, "It's not a big deal. It's not easy for the entire family to be together. So don't let this small matter ruin the harmony."
"Justin, just accept your brother's thoughtful gift," Nigel said, giving Justin a look. He was sitting opposite Justin, unaware of what was in the box. He only wanted to smooth things over, especially since Justin and his father had been getting along better lately.
Under the table, Justin's hand clenched into a fist. He looked at Grant and said, "Grant, I would have happily accepted any other gift. But I cannot accept a hairpin."
Grant raised his eyebrows.
"In our traditional customs, a man giving a woman a hairpin was like a proposal, a commitment to be partners for life," Justin said, his tone low and a bit chilly. "But Bella is already your sister-in-law. Gifting her something like that just doesn't seem right."
Nigel suddenly understood. No wonder Justin had reacted so strongly. If he were in Justin's shoes, he probably would have blown his top too.
Gregory frowned. "Justin, aren't you being too sensitive about this? Your brother is a man, how would he know the significance of women's jewelry? You're making too big a deal out of it."
"It was my fault." Grant admitted, smiling a bit sheepishly. "I've been living abroad for so long that I've forgotten many of our customs and traditions. Justin, don't take it to heart." Justin's gaze deepened. "I won't."
Justin felt upset and found an excuse to leave the table. He went to the backyard to get some fresh air. Though he said he didn't mind, it was impossible not to.
The gifts Grant brought were all expensive antiques and artwork. Despite living abroad, his
environment was classic and
elegant, exuding a cultural and net
artistic atmosphere. Given his love for traditional styles, how could he not know the significance of giving a woman a hairpin? 
Justin tugged at his tie but still felt short of breath. He genuinely hadn't thought much of it. Or was it a subtle way of testing his limits?
At that moment, voices from the garden interrupted his thoughts. Justin walked over and saw the butler and some servants gathered by the pavilion near the poolp seemingly watching something. 
"Young Master Justin." The two servants on the outer edge quickly bowed.
"What's going on here?" Justin asked calmly.
"It's Ms. Amaryllis. She's treating the leg injury of the fawn we have in the yard," One of the servants replied with an expression of admiration.
"The fawn hurt its leg somehow and was in so much pain that it was rolling on the ground. The butler was about to call a vet, but Ms. Amaryllis managed to bandage the injury herself!"
Justin's indifferent gaze fell on
Clarice. Her face was calm, and she

was kneeling on one knee. Her pristine white pants were stained with mud, but she didn't seem to mind, focusing solely on bandaging the fawn's leg with skillful and practiced movements, clearly a professional. 
The scene before him made Justin's eyes narrow in shock.
"There, there, it's okay," Clarice said gently, patting the fawn. "Go play now."
The fawn wobbled to its feet, tested its injured front left leg, then let out a cry and dashed out of the pavilion, brushing past Justin as it ran by.
###chapter1941
"Mr. Salvador," Clarice said as she stood up and walked over to him with a bright smile. "Ms. Amaryllis."
"There was an injured little animal at your place, so I treated it without asking first. I hope that didn't break any of the Salvador family rules." Clarice spoke in a soft, gentle tone, her voice carrying a subtle, captivating lilt as her eyes shone with affection.
Justin's expression remained cold and distant. "No, not at all. Ms. Amaryllis, helping an injured animal is a kind thing to do. We should be thanking you instead."
"When I was working as a doctor for Doctors Without Borders in Kridor, I would treat the wounds of injured soldiers and civilians. I didn't think this skill would come in handy with small animals too," Clarice said with a light sigh and a shake of her head.
Justin's intense gaze suddenly flickered with emotion as old memories flooded his mind. For a moment, those distant, hazy recollections wrapped around him like a soft, misty veil.
Years ago, while on a dangerous mission infiltrating a terrorist group in Kridor, he was gravely injured, slashed on the arm, and shot in the leg. He barely survived, and it was "Little Dove" who courageously tended to his wounds and ensured his safe return to camp, ultimately saving his leg.
"Ugh... What's going on? I'm suddenly feeling dizzy." Clarice frowned, her slim figure swaying unsteadily.
In the next second, she unexpectedly collapsed toward Justin.
Justin snapped back to reality, but it was too late.
"Hey! Ms. Amaryllis, be careful!"
Fortunately, at that moment, lan rushed over just then and caught Clarice, steadying her. Justin quickly stepped back, keeping his distance.
"Thank you," Clarice said, her fingers curling slightly as a cold look flashed in her eyes.
"Ms. Amaryllis, you have been traveling with my brother and looking after him. That must have been tiring. You should get some rest," Justin said sternly before turning and walking away. "Ms. Amaryllis, would you like me to take you to rest?" lan offered, still playing the good Samaritan.
"No need. I'm not that fragile," Clarice snapped, shoving him away irritably.
lan scratched his head, puzzled. Just moments ago, she seemed too weak to stand, but now she was pushing him with surprising force.
After the family dinner, Justin accompanied Nigel back to Crescent Bay, while Grant and Clarice remained at Tideview Manor. Even though he had been gone for over ten years, his room at Tideview Manor was still well-maintained and cleaned weekly. 
"Sir, it seems that Chairman Salvador still thinks highly of you. You don't have to worry about it anymore," Clarice said, handing Grant some water and medicine.
Grant's long, pale fingers sifted through the assortment of pills. He replied, "But Grandpa is still suspicious of me."
"He's just a dying old man. Even if he wanted to, he's too weak to do anything. Besides, you're his oldest grandson. How could he hurt you?" Clarice said with a dismissive look.
"The recent incidents involving Shannon's daughters have made Gregory reassess the relationship between him and my brother," Grant said, popping a pill into his mouth. "If I hadn't returned this time to remind Gregory that I'm still around, the
whole thing could've gotten out of hand." 
Clarice knelt before him, gazing up at him adoringly. "You are a wise man, sir.”
Grant smiled and patted her cheek as one would with a pet.
"By the way, Christopher heard you had come back and got in touch with me. He'd like to meet you."
Grant leaned back, a glint of mischief in his eyes. "Foolish. Who knows how many people are secretly keeping an eye on us? He shouldn't act recklessly. You tested my brother tonight. How did he react to you?"
Clarice hesitated before shaking her head in frustration. "Justin is single-minded. When he falls in love, he only has eyes for that person, leaving no space for anyone else."
"It doesn't matter. That makes it all
the more interesting." Grant
reopened the box on the table,
N
pulling out the hairpin and twirling it in the moonlight. Suddenly, his expression darkened, and he snapped the jade hairpin in half. One day, I'll make sure you won't be able to refuse me again." 
###chapter1942
On the way back to Crescent Bay, lan drove while Matt sat in the front seat.
In the backseat, Nigel and Justin sat quietly. They usually had endless things to talk about, but tonight, they were particularly silent.
Seeing that he was almost home, Nigel let out a sigh and placed a hand on his grandson's shoulder. "Justin, I know that Grant took things too far tonight and made you upset."
"Grandpa, I'm fine," Justin replied with a faint smile, his features in the dim light projecting an indescribable allure yet cold as ice.
"Justin, don't take it to heart." Nigel comforted him again.
"He's my elder brother and even saved my life when we were young, so I owe him a great debt. I'll let it slide this time," Justin said, implying that he would not put up with it happening again.
He was Bella's husband, not a pushover! He could not stand the thought of any man trying to win over Bella.
"Grant won't stay long this time. He'll return to Meridan in a few days. In the future, try to keep Bella away from where he is. Bella is such an outstanding girl. Countless men will find her incredibly attractive and captivating. No matter how cool and controlled men act on the outside, deep down, they've got a restless side. Especially men from our Salvador family, when they meet someone they like, they can't care less about ethics and principles. Your muddle-headed father is an example," Nigel said, shaking his head continuously.
Gregory, on the other end, probably couldn't stop sneezing.
"Grandpa, love isn't about controlling or restricting someone; it's about mutual understanding and being there for each other," Justin said firmly, his long lashes casting subtle shadows that hinted at his emotions. "Bella just needs to be herself, free and unrestricted. I can protect her, and I'm confident no one can come between us."
"Silly child, human nature is so complex. You can't feel safe just because your relationship is going well right now! Look at Carrie and Ryan. Didn't they have an amazing relationship? Yet, they suffered so much, and Ryan almost lost his life just to be with Carrie."
"Grandpa, you seem to have a lot on your mind tonight. What's bothering you?" Justin couldn't help but furrow his brow in confusion.
Nigel took a deep breath, his voice
heavy. "In any case, you and your wife should try to avoid crossing paths with your elder brother. If Grant ever moves back to Savrow, no matter what he does, don't go up against him directly. Avoid direct conflicts." 
Justin's expression turned cold and solemn as he slowly said, "Grandpa, you know I'm not the type to shy away from a fight or be afraid of trouble. It's true my brother saved me, but that doesn't mean I'll always let him win and let him walk all over me. In the future, if he does
something I cannot tolerate, even if my father supports him, I won't hold back my anger." 
Nigel's cheeks flushed as he said, "To achieve great things, one must endure what others cannot."
Justin's eyes grew dark as he asked, "What if my brother asked me to step down from the president's role and hand it over to him?"
The air in the car became heavy and tense as Matt and lan sat up straight, hardly daring to even breathe, feeling the strain between the grandfather and grandson.
"Deal with problems as they come. If
Nigel slowly tightened his fingers, his words heavy. "Then you must still avoid direct confrontation with your brother. As long as I am here, he won't become the heir. My chosen successor has always been you! "Grandpa..." Justin's eyes widened in surprise, and a surge of emotion washed over him as he looked at his grandfather.
your brother truly wants the position of president, I'll take care of it. I don't want to see my most beloved
ne'
grandson in an awkward spot." Nigel squeezed his hand firmly and said, "Listen to Grandpa. A wise man bids their time and strikes when the moment is right." 
After sending Nigel home, Justin headed toward Bella's villa.
###chapter1943
Justin gazed gloomily out the window as he reflected on Nigel's heartfelt lessons. The more he thought about it, the more depressed he felt.
For some reason, he always sensed that Nigel harbored a deep fear of Grant. His repeated warnings, the way he seemed willing to sacrifice everything to protect him-why did it feel like Grant was no longer just a man? He seemed more like a bloodthirsty beast lurking in the shadows, waiting for the right moment to strike.
lan suddenly cleared his throat and said, "Mr. Salvador, that was a close call tonight."
He noticed that Justin was in a bad mood and tried to change the subject.
"What?"
"You almost lost your virtue!" lan exclaimed.
"Lost what?" Justin's brow furrowed.
"At the garden earlier, Ms. Amaryllis almost threw herself at you. Luckily, I was quick and showed up just in time to prevent any improper interactions and save your reputation!" lan raised his chin, looking pleased with himself.
Save his reputation?
Justin looked at his insufferable expression and felt the urge to knock some sense into him.
"Even if you hadn't shown up, I wouldn't have had any contact with any woman other than Bella," Justin said as he closed his eyes, his handsome face cold and indifferent. "Do I really seem that untrustworthy?"
"Well, as they say, it's hard to stop a shameless woman from seducing a loyal gentleman."
Justin's face grew dark with anger.
"Even the most loyal man can't resist the seduction of a woman when they get the chance," lan continued, oblivious to the trouble he was in. "Tideview Manor is not like your private residence with the Young Madam. Gossip travels fast here. If word got out that you had any interaction with Ms. Amaryllis tonight, the Young Madam might hear about it, and she might not let you stay with her tonight."
Justin's eyes flashed with anger as he kicked the back of lan's chair. "Tell me, who's the man that got seduced here?"
lan gulped nervously, feeling lost for words.
"If you can't explain it, say goodbye to your bonus this month."
lan immediately bowed his head and said, "Mr. Salvador, you're absolutely right. I was mistaken. My mind got a little scrambled, and I made a bad analogy. It won't happen again, I promise!" 
Justin smiled faintly, though his eyes remained dark.
"Over the next few days, look into Ms. Amaryllis's background. Check into her employment history and verify whether she really worked with Doctor Without Borders in Kridor."
Late at night, Bella was still awake, her mind occupied with thoughts of Justin.
Seated on the living room sofa, she took out several pieces of exquisite jewelry from her personal collection.
Under the soft glow of the lamp, Bella delicately handled each piece, carefully polishing them with a soft velvet cloth.
Among them were pieces she had designed herself-priceless works that no amount of money could purchase.
She also had private collections she'd acquired at auctions. From ornate jade bangles to exquisitely cut rubies, each piece was a stunning work of art that evoked admiration and jealousy. Bella carefully placed the jewelry back into their boxes with a bright smile on her face.
These luxurious pieces were prepared for Carrie. Bella had been looking forward to the day Carrie would get married, so she could give her the wedding gifts in person.
Thinking about the image of Carrie and Ryan gazing at each other with such fondness brought a mix of joy and sorrow to Bella, her eyes welling up and a bittersweet feeling Swelling in her chest. 
Things had finally settled down this time.
No one would ever come between these two lovers from now on.
As she finished straightening up, the door to the room was quietly opened.
"Justin!"
Bella's sadness disappeared when she saw Justin's tall frame. Her eyes gleamed with a bright, lively sparkle.
Justin asked, "Bella, it's so late. Why
are you still awake?" He felt
surprised as he had entered quietly,
hoping not to disturb her. But he didn't expect that she would still be awake "You need to attend the Hoffman family's funeral tomorrow early in the morning. You
sleepyhead, will you be able to wake up in the morning?" 
###chapter1944
"I couldn't fall asleep since you hadn't returned home yet." Bella rushed to Justin's side, eager to assist him, as she helped him remove his suit and loosen his tie. Her nose curiously sniffed his collar. "Hmm? You didn't have any drinks tonight?"
"My older brother isn't well, so he doesn't drink. We only had tea tonight." Justin's left arm slid around her waist as his right hand worked on the buttons of his shirt. In a deep voice tinged with warmth and guilt, he continued, "I was chatting with Grandpa for a bit, and that's why I'm late. Sorry for keeping you waiting."
"What's wrong? You seem so low on energy tonight, like a poor little puppy."
Bella gently traced her fingers along his lovely eyes, her expression turning gentle. "Did your brother bully you? Did he give you a hard time?"
Suddenly, Bella's tone shifted. Pouting angrily, she declared, "If he dares to mess with you, I'll flip his wheelchair over! If he tries to bully my man, I'll make sure he spends the rest of his life crippled!"
Justin, who had been holding back his feelings, could no longer control himself. His eyes turned red, and he gazed at her intensely.
Without saying a word, he swept her up and carried her to the bedroom.
Bella was gently lowered onto the bed by his tall frame. Her partially opened silk robe gradually fell off her as they moved together. Justin's breath quickened, his gaze fiery and intense, drawing her in deeper as she burned with longing.
Her neck was covered in red marks from his kisses as his skilled hands caressed her sensitive areas.
He gently massaged her, causing her whole body to feel like it was melting into the bed, wet and out of control.
Their overwhelming passion had momentarily made Justin forget about his worries.
After multiple orgasms, Bella was finally exhausted, lying on the bed with no strength left to even turn over.
Bella nearly drifted off and murmured weakly, "What happened tonight... You're so crazy..."
They clung to each other, his large hand covering the back of her hand, their fingers intertwined.
His lips traced slowly across her shoulder blades, leaving behind his saliva.
"Bella, I will protect you. I will definitely protect you. No one will ever lay a hand on you."
The following morning, Wilma, aware that Justin and Bella were attending a funeral that day, had woken up early to prepare a hearty breakfast.
To let his beloved wife rest a bit longer, Justin brought the breakfast tray to their room and hand-fed her.
She was extremely pampered.
"Alright, alright, you're feeding me too slowly. I'do it myself." Bella took the cup and drank the entire glass of milk in one go. There was a of milk at the corner of her
trace
lovel
mouth. Justin watched this and, in a husky voice, asked, "Was it good?" 
"It was okay, hmm..."
Before she could finish her sentence, he leaned in and kissed her lips, tenderly licking away the remaining milk.
"And compared to last night?" Justin asked in a low, playful tone, his eyes darkening with amusement.
Bella flushed a deep red, recalling the thrilling yet embarrassing events of the previous evening.
Flustered and annoyed, she lightly pounded his chest. "You're hopeless! Perverted rascal!" she retorted.
Seeing her so embarrassed and
upset, Justin could no longer tease her. Even though he had enjoyed last night's activities, he now regretted them. n. His own pleasure wasn't the priority. He just wanted her to feel happy and comfortable in their intimate moments. 
"By the way, there's something I forgot to tell you." Justin took a napkin and gently wiped Bella's lips, speaking in a casual manner. "Bethany has completely lost it. She
went into shock due to excee Sonet
bleeding yesterday and had to be rushed to the hospital for emergency treatment." 
###chapter1945
Bella shrugged. "I get that she's crazy. She's never been normal to begin with. But how did she lose so much blood?" Bella leaned in, pressing her lips to his palm.
"I heard that Bethany would laugh and curse at her cellmates every day in the detention center. She claimed to everyone that she was the daughter of the wealthy Salvador family and that her father was the chairman of the Salvador Corporation. Despite being beaten frequently, she seemed to become more excited the more they punished her."
Justin was so captivated by Bella's cute face that he felt his heart soften. He couldn't resist gently tracing his fingertips along her lips, which were stained by milk.
"She's really a lunatic with sky-high ambitions," Bella said with a cold smile.
"The other night, Bethany had another outburst. She cut her hand and smeared the blood on the other cellmates' faces, leaving a bloody mess all over the walls. That's why she ended up losing so much blood."
"Perhaps she's only half insane. She still remembers that she has AIDS and intentionally uses this method to disgust and get back at them." Bella's gaze grew somber, her eyes flashing with a cruel coldness. "But her madness doesn't bother me. I was just thinking about how to handle her. If we go through the normal legal process, Bethany would only be sentenced to a maximum of three to five years for assault. But if she's declared mentally insane, she can rot in a mental hospital for the rest of her life, holding onto her delusions of being a rich heiress!"
*
The Hoffman family had experienced a devastating loss with the passing of Logan, and the family members had turned against each other, leaving Ryan to shoulder the heavy burden of their tragic downfall all on his own.
It was the day of Logan's funeral.
However, the funeral proceeded smoothly thanks to his diligent preparations.
Logan was once a legendary and influential figure, but it was truly unfortunate that such a thing had happened to him.
Despite his significant status, the funeral turnout was sparse, with most attendees being old friends from his past. However, his underworld associates were loyal to their code of brotherhood and still came to pay their respects.
Even though the Hoffman family was shunned by most people, the funeral itself maintained a grand and impressive scale.
As Logan's eldest grandson, Ryan
wore a simple black suit. He carried
his grandfather's portrait as he walked solemnly in the funeral procession. His deep, intense gaze was unwavering, and his steps were weighed down with sorrow.
Overwhelming grief often numbed the heart and left one's expression pale and detached.
Prior to the funeral, malicious media
Inet
articles had already surfaced online, questioning the Hoffman family's reputation and doubting Ryan's ability with his playboy background, to achieve anything significant as the new leader. 
Fortunately, the Salvador and Thompson families had Ryan's back, with Justin and Bella by his side the whole time to represent their families and give him the support he needed to maintain their dignity.
Ryan was the only representative
f.n
from the Hoffman family at the funeral. Even with all the criticism, his strong presence and intense gaze kept any vultures at bay who wanted to take advantage of the situation. 
The mourning hall was solemn and respectful, with friends and loved ones offering flowers and emotional farewells to the elderly man who had built the Hoffman family empire from scratch.
Bella and Justin stood off to the side, watching the rather sparse crowd with growing frustration.
Having been to many high-class funerals with her father, Bella couldn't help but notice the lack of attendees, given the Hoffman family's standing as one of the four most prominent families. Those sycophants clearly looked down on Ryan. They were convinced that Ryan would only lead the Hoffman family further into their downfall.
At that moment, a series of footsteps approached the mourning hall.
"Chairman Iverson and President Iverson of the Iverson Group have arrived!"
Justin and Bella frowned as the Iverson father and son approached. Ryan's eyes narrowed, his stare icy and unwavering as he focused on the pair making their way toward him.
###chapter1946
From the moment Christopher entered, his gaze was filled with desire, deeply embedded in Bella, unable to be pulled away.
"Disgusting." Bella cursed under her breath, turning her eyes away in revulsion.
Justin's gaze at Christopher was chilling. He suppressed his anger as he tightly held Bella's soft hand in his.
Christopher's uncontrollable gaze, which had originally fallen on Bella's face, shifted inch by inch, finally settling on their tightly clasped hands.
His eyes were cold, but his lips suddenly curled into a playful, unintended smile.
In the midst of the mournful atmosphere, Christopher's smile was so glaring and provocative.
Ryan naturally noticed as well, clenching his fists so tightly that they cracked.
If this were not the mourning hall, if it were not to let his grandfather depart peacefully, he would have rushed up to smash Christopher's insidious face.
"Young Master Hoffman, my condolences."
Lance stepped forward with a regretful expression, extending his hand to Ryan. "Oh no, I should address you as Chairman Hoffman now."
Ryan stared coldly at Lance's insincere face, unmoving. "I don't recall inviting your Iverson family to the funeral."
Lance felt a surge of anger at the insult, but, as the head of the Iverson family, he barely managed to keep his composure, not wanting to argue with the deceased family.
"As one of the four great families, I have known Logan for many years. Even if you did not invite me, I should come to see him off for the sake of old times."
"Old times? What old times do my grandfather and you share?"
Ryan's pale lips moved slightly, forming a smile that did not reach his eyes. "Besides, my grandfather might not have wanted to see you either."
Everyone was shocked, glancing at the Iverson father and son.
This blunt attack infuriated Lance to the point of nearly exploding. His face reddened, and just as he was about to speak, Christopher cut him off.
"Mr. Hoffman, regardless of the past grievances between our families, this is the late Chairman Hoffman's funeral. The deceased should be respected. We came to pay our respects with good intentions. Why must you be so aggressive?"
As he spoke, Christopher looked around the cold, empty mourning hall with a mocking smile. "But it seems that Logan did not make many friends in the business world. Looking around, it is just a rabble, a mix of lowly people, truly unpresentable.
"The Iversons are willing to come and see him off. If you turn away the few business acquaintances you have, how will others befriend or do business with the Hoffman family in the future?"
Bella bit her teeth, wishing to rush up and slap Christopher's despicable face.
If not for Justin pinching her slender waist tightly, she might have started a fight with the Iverson family in the mourning hall.
Ryan's sharp eyes were filled with anger, and his stomach ached faintly from the rage.
He was never one to avoid conflict, but this was his grandfather's funeral, the first major event he managed after taking over the Hoffman family. If he let Christopher provoke him now, it would make the outside world think he was still the rash, impatient second-generation heir, only allowing people to mock the Hoffman family.
No matter what, he must not lose control!
Just as Lance was secretly pleased, thinking his son had regained their dignity, a powerful voice sounded from behind.
"Logan has no friends in the business world? Who is spouting such nonsense, making a fool of themselves?"
Christopher's gaze turned cold. He slowly turned around with a wolf-like gaze, adjusting his gold- rimmed glasses.
Everyone was surprised, simultaneously looking toward the door.
###chapter1947
Chapter 1947
Bella heard the familiar voice, gripping Justin's hand so tightly that it turned red, her heart pounding in her chest.
"Wyatt.... It's Wyatt!"
"Uncle Wyatt?!" Justin's handsome face showed a look of astonishment.
At that moment, a group of people, dressed in black formal attire, solemnly entered the mourning hall.
Wyatt, leading the group with an imposing presence, drew all eyes to him. But it was not just him; Mila, Celeste, and Sasha, as well as Asher and Axel, came as well, representing the Thompson family.
It was rare for half of the Thompson family to appear together, showing the importance they placed on Logan's funeral.
"Dad!" Bella's eyes were teary as she immediately went up to support her father.
Justin, seeing the reunion of the father and daughter, slightly curled his thin lips into a smile, but he did not step forward to offer his presence, instead silently standing in place, watching over them.
"What are you doing? I am not in my seventies or eighties. My health is fine!"
Wyatt's heart warmed at the sight of his beloved daughter, but he scolded her playfully, "If you hold me up like this, others will think I am half paralyzed!"
Bella snorted but did not let go of her father's arm. "Why didn't you tell me in advance? I thought you couldn't come."
"It was just me worrying for nothing. I thought that with the few of us, along with Asher and Axel, coming, it would show enough sincerity without dragging your father all the way back from overseas. But your father insisted on coming back personally to see Chairman Hoffman off, to feel at ease," Mila sighed helplessly.
"It is not needless worrying, Aunt Mila. Don't say that. I know you care about this old man." Bella, seeing that Wyatt looked much better than before he went overseas for recuperation, finally felt relieved. Seeing the honored guests arrive, Ryan felt a surge of emotions, his eyes moist as he stepped forward. When he spoke, his voice was hoarse. "Chairman Thompson, thank you so much for coming..."
"Silly child, just call me 'Uncle Wyatt'. Calling me 'Chairman Thompson' feels so distant."
Wyatt patted his shoulder kindly. "You have just taken full control of the Hoffman Group. In the future, if you need any help, don't hesitate to ask your Uncle Wyatt. Our KS Group will support you fully,"
Ryan tightly pressed his lips together, nodding gratefully.
Seeing how much Wyatt favored Ryan, Christopher's heart burned with a jealous rage, his fists clenched and trembling under the refined crystal cuffs.
Once upon a time, he was the one who could openly call that old man "Uncle Wyatt".
Back then, Ryan did not even catch Wyatt's attention!
"Mr. Iverson, what were those absurd words you said earlier?" Wyatt's sharp eyes narrowed slightly, and his gaze at Christopher was intimidating.
Christopher gritted his teeth hard, speechless.
"Hmph, you dared to say it just now. Why do you not dare to admit it now?"
Wyatt arrogantly curled his lips into a mocking smile. "Mr. Iverson, I don't know if I should call you ignorant or shortsighted. How could you say something as baseless as claiming the Hoffman family has no friends in the business world?"
###chapter1948
Chapter 1948
"Even if you don't understand human relationships, you should have enough common sense at your age. Can't you see that my daughter and Mr. Salvador are Ryan's closest friends?"
The boomerang of karma from his words came so suddenly that Christopher was left speechless, his face pale and burning with shame and anger!
Wyatt had just recovered from a serious illness and rushed back from abroad to support the Hoffman family. Who would dare to look down on Ryan after this?
"Chris, let's go!" Lance, knowing that engaging in a verbal battle with his old friend would be futile, stormed out with a dark expression.
Christopher adjusted his glasses with his fingertips and followed his father out.
At that moment, without turning his head, Wyatt raised his voice.
"In the presence of the deceased, even a hypocritical gesture should be fully performed to maintain the dignity of a prominent family. If you cannot refrain from creating drama and spreading malicious gossip even at someone else's funeral, who would dare to befriend or do business with the Iverson family in the future?"
An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth.
"Hmph!" Lance gritted his teeth in anger but could only leave in a huff.
"
The Iverson father and son left in disgrace.
Once in the car, Lance immediately vented his frustration at Christopher. "You are so impatient! Liam is dead, so why bring up irrelevant matters? Now look at what happened! You made a fool of yourself and brought shame upon us!"
"Ha, Dad, have you forgotten?"
Christopher, also seething with anger, his eyes dark and menacing, said, "It was you who insisted on attending the funeral."
"If you had listened to my advice and not come to make a scene, how would Wyatt have humiliated you publicly? I believe you brought this humiliation upon yourself. If I had not stepped in to salvage some dignity, Ryan alone would have trampled all over you."
"Chris! You ungrateful bastard!"
Lance trembled with anger, but facing Christopher's piercing, phoenix-like eyes, his fury seemed suppressed, unable to be released as it once was. He could only grit his teeth in resentment. "No matter what you say, it still comes down to your incompetence. You couldn't even win over a woman!"
"If you had won over Bella, none of these troubles would have arisen! The Iverson family would have long surpassed the Salvador family in prominence, and if you were Wyatt's son-in-law, we might have already taken over the Hoffman family, leaving no room for Ryan to be so arrogant!"
No one knows a son better than his father.
The Iverson father and son may not share much in terms of mutual respect, but they were both adept at hitting each other's sore spots.
"Do you think I care about a mere Hoffman family? Even without winning Bella, it does not hinder me
from making the Iverson family the foremost among the four great families."
Christopher's eyes flashed with a sharp light, a mix of ruthless determination and insatiable greed.
"However, I do not make compromises. I want power, fame, wealth, and beauty. I want it all."
Lance shook his head in disbelief. "Ha, can't you see? That Thompson girl loathes you from head to toe, inside and out. She practically has 'I hate you' written all over her face, yet you still harbor such delusions!"
"There are many ways to obtain what I want." Christopher closed his eyes, the smile on his face tinged with a hint of madness.
He thought to himself, 'Bella, at this point, I have long given up on winning your heart. If there comes a day when I can have only your body, will I still consider it a loss?'
###chapter1949
Chapter 1949
With the unwelcome and ominous guests gone, the funeral proceeded smoothly. The members of the Thompson family paid their respects to Logan one by one.
Wyatt walked up solemnly to Ryan and spoke gently. "Ryan, my condolences. Old Master Salvador called me last night. He said he was feeling unwell and would not be able to attend. He will meet with you later and visit Logan's grave."
Justin felt a mix of emotions upon hearing this. He was worried about Nigel's health, but he was also comforted knowing Nigel truly cared for Ryan.
"Thank you... Uncle Wyatt. I understand Old Master Salvador's sentiments." Ryan's eyes filled with gratitude as he obediently changed his address. He knew that Nigel's discomfort was just an excuse. After all, the Hoffman family had repeatedly endangered Bella's life. Even though Nigel no longer held a grudge, his presence at the funeral could have caused trouble and gossip.
Asher and Axel also stepped forward to offer their condolences and support. Although Ryan had lost all his immediate family, standing with the Thompson family, he felt a long-lost sense of kinship. From now on, he had a new family and siblings. He no longer had to carry his burdens alone.
"Dad, let me take you home." Bella gently supported her father's arm.
"I'm fine. There are plenty of people here to protect me," Wyatt said, patting his daughter's hand and whispering in her ear, "The Hoffman family has no one left. This is an important occasion when they need help the most. You and Justin are Ryan's best friends. Stay with him until the end."
Bella was deeply moved and nodded, her eyes moist.
"Uncle Wyatt, I'll escort you to the car," Justin offered. As the future son-in-law, he was thoughtful and attentive.
Wyatt nodded. "Alright, Justin, walk with me."
This was Wyatt's first public appearance since his illness, made to support Ryan in a high-profile manner, naturally attracting media attention. To divert attention, the three ladies left first under heavy security. Wyatt, accompanied by his two sons and son-in-law, faced the media openly.
"Thank you all for your concern about my health. I'm fine now and have recovered well. Today is Chairman Hoffman's funeral. Your presence to see him off brings peace to him in the afterlife."
His words were straightforward and respectful, leaving the reporters with nothing to criticize.
"I know the Hoffman family has faced many challenges recently. With Ryan Hoffman taking over the Hoffman Group abruptly, there must be many doubts and worries about this young heir. However, as someone who watched him grow up and understands him well, I can confidently say this," Wyatt said, raising his chin slightly and his gaze firm. "The Hoffman family has Ryan, and the sun will continue to shine on the Hoffman Group."
The initially noisy scene fell silent at his declaration.
Justin looked at this distinguished man in awe. Though Wyatt was older, shorter, and less physically imposing, his presence was commanding and reassuring. It was no wonder he was Bella's father. The sense of security he exuded was something Justin aspired to emulate.
"Justin, someone is coming." Asher noticed a top-tier luxury van quietly parking nearby.
The media's attention also shifted to the van. The door opened slowly, and two bodyguards in black stepped out, followed by a woman in a snow-white suit-Clarice.
Justin's heart tightened, his defined jawline becoming tense.
With the help of the bodyguards, Grant, seated in a wheelchair, was carefully escorted out. Clarice pushed him toward Wyatt and Justin.
"Who is that?"
"I don't know, but judging by their arrogance, they must be someone important."
"Look at his appearance and demeanor. He is exceptional! Too bad he is in a wheelchair. It proves no one is perfect."
"Who says no one is perfect? Justin Salvador is practically perfect, with Bella Thompson as his beautiful wife and Wyatt as his wealthy father-in-law. He is a true winner in life!"
As the crowd murmured, Grant made his way through the people to stand before the Thompson family.
"Chairman Thompson, it's a pleasure to meet you." Grant, despite his mobility issues, raised his hand high, his pale lips curling into a polite smile, displaying the utmost respect. "I am Justin's elder brother, the eldest son of the Salvador family, Grant."
###chapter1950
Chapter 1950
"Grant?!"
"Wasn't he the eldest son of the Salvador family, who was tragically harmed in a notorious kidnapping case and had to relinquish all inheritance rights to seek treatment in Sentania?"
"He's back?!"
The Thompson brothers' eyes widened in shock.
Instantly, the previously calm scene erupted into chaos again, with intense flashes from the cameras engulfing Grant's composed and elegant face.
"Oh, so it's the eldest son of the Salvador family. Nice to meet you," Wyatt's gaze sharpened momentarily. However, being the seasoned tycoon that he was, he quickly and gracefully extended his hand to the legendary eldest son of the Salvador family.
The man's hand was as cold as ice, with clean and well-maintained fingers. It was completely unlike his son-in-law's hands, which were so rough that Wyatt sometimes wondered if Justin was working as a bricklayer in his spare time. Surely, his daughter wasn't that difficult to provide for.
"I heard you have been recovering abroad. How is your health now?" Wyatt inquired with concern, given that Grant was Justin's elder brother and had been courteous.
"Not bad, thank you for your concern," Grant said, directing a gentle gaze at Justin's somewhat tense face. "Justin, take care of Chairman Thompson. I'll go inside."
"Okay, Grant," Justin replied softly, feeling a wave of emotion. He was usually not one to be easily swayed by people or events. However, ever since his brother's return, his heart felt like it was on a roller coaster, fluctuating between highs and lows. 'Is Grant truly as calm as he seems, or is he hiding something deeper?'
Justin and the Thompson brothers escorted Wyatt to his car.
"Take care, Uncle Wyatt."
"Justin, come up here. I have something to ask you," Wyatt instructed.
After a moment of hesitation, Justin opened the door and sat beside Wyatt in the back seat.
"Your brother used the occasion of the Hoffman family funeral to make a public appearance and gained a lot of attention. Your grandfather and father didn't come to avoid any potential issues, but you, being Ryan's best friend, should naturally be here." Wyatt pointed out astutely, his thick eyebrows furrowing." Don't you think your brother's presence here today is rather abrupt when he has been away from Savrow for over a decade and has no connection to the Hoffman family?"
Justin's lips pressed into a thin line, speechless.
He did not know how to respond because he was unsure of his brother's true intentions. He also did not want to speak ill of his brother.
"Tsk, you're such a straightforward young man," Wyatt remarked with a hint of exasperation. He did not push further and instead asked, "How is your relationship with your brother?"
"When I was five, my father brought me and my mother back to the Salvador family." Justin's gaze grew distant as he delved into his memories. "Though I'm only his half-brother, he took good care of me as a child. Grant has never treated me poorly or seen me as a rival, even though I was brought in later. He fulfilled his duties as an elder brother."
"And how about now?"
###chapter1951
Wyatt's gaze deepened. "For your sake, he ended up like this, needing a wheelchair for the rest of his life. He lived quietly abroad and alone for so many years. Now he has returned, seeing you nearly control the entire Salvador Corporation, successful and prominent, taking away everything that should have belonged to him as the eldest son. Do you think he can truly be at peace with that? Do you think he'll hand everything over to you and live as a wealthy idle man?"
"During the years my brother was in Meridan for treatment, we often exchanged emails and phone calls privately. When I needed help, he did his best to assist me. What you said makes sense, but I have yet to see any resentment from him toward me," Justin replied to his future father-in-law without holding anything back, causing some discomfort.
Wyatt clicked his tongue. "You have been the president of a corporation for several years and gone through a divorce, yet you are still so naive."
Justin, despite feeling chastised and barely able to lift his head, felt quite happy. It reminded him of what Ryan used to say about him. He did have a bit of a masochistic tendency.
"He is in his thirties. Unless his brain has gone to the dogs, how could he possibly wear his heart on his sleeve?" Wyatt spoke candidly, not treating him as an outsider. “In a wealthy family, even full-blood siblings can turn against each other for power and profit, let alone half-brothers."
"Chairman Thompson, please don't put too much pressure on Mr. Salvador. Not all wealthy families are like that," Quentin said from the passenger seat, unable to hold back. "Look at our Thompson family. Whether it's the wives or the sons and daughters, even if they're not from the same mother, they still respect and love each other and maintain harmonious relationships."
"That's because none of my kids have a normal brain! They either want to worship Jesus or be a good civil servant!" Wyatt got angry just thinking about it, shaking his head frequently and questioning his life. "Except for Bella, who is willing to inherit my business, none of the others are fit for the role! In other families, children fight tooth and nail for the heir's position, while in our family, they spit out the meat fed to them, complaining it's too fatty!"
Quentin could only smile wryly.
Justin smiled faintly, his star-like eyes reflecting genuine envy and longing. In fact, he knew very well that each of the Thompson children was outstanding and talented. The reason they developed in their respective fields was not because they could not bear the family's responsibilities but because they all cherished Bella, unanimously leaving the biggest stage to their beloved sister.
After receiving his future father-in-law's teachings, Justin got out of the car, watching the Thompson family's vehicle leave.
"Justin."
Justin turned quickly, seeing Bella walking briskly toward him. The two naturally clasped each other's hands.
"Why did you come out?" The man's warm breath brushed her ear as he kissed her soft cheek.
"Your brother came and made his
presence known inside." Bella's beautiful eyes sparkled as she leaned against his waist. "I felt awkward talking to him, so I came out to find you. But I think he has already left by now." 
Justin recalled the jade hairpin his brother had given to Bella, feeling a subtle yet sharp pain in his chest. He still cared. It might not have hurt much, but the insult was significant.
"I just checked Twitter." Bella's smile
turned cold. "As expected, your brother's high-profile reappearance has garnered a lot of attention. His first move was quite successful. He is a formidable opponent." 
Justin's expression remained cool. "He can come if he wants. I don't mind."
"But I mind." Bella's eyes sharpened
like a cat's claws, staring intently into his somber eyes. "Have you considered the impact of his high-profile return after so many, years of silence? What
consequences might it bringeing.
that kidnapping incident, you escaped unscathed, but he nearly lost his life protecting you. Now, confined to a wheelchair for life, how do you think others will see you? Will they think everything you have today was earned through his sacrifice?" 
###chapter1952
Justin felt his heart race. His thin lips trembled lightly as he stared straight at her, unable to speak.
What had he done to deserve the concern of this all-powerful father-daughter duo?
"If your elder brother appears, he will certainly garner public sympathy, including your father's," Bella said with a worried expression. "If he intends to replace you, then public opinion will become a sharp weapon in his hand. Justin, you must know that words can hurt the most..."
As soon as she finished speaking, Justin lifted her delicate chin and pressed a passionate kiss onto her pale pink lips. He gently covered the alluring softness, then gradually deepened the kiss. Her hands pressed against his firm chest as she breathed heavily, her face flushing with emotion.
After a while, they parted. Justin's dark eyes were filled with tenderness as he held Bella, whom he had kissed into a compliant state, tightly in his arms, as if afraid someone might take her away.
"You promised I would be your guardian angel. Now it seems everything has reversed," Bella said, her forehead resting against his broad shoulders. Her eyes filled with warmth.
"You forgot. You are the king, and I am the queen. Only I can protect you," Bella continued.
Justin frowned and laughed, his large hand rubbing the soft white skin on the back of her neck that he loved so much. "I did not expect you to remember such childish words."
Bella's eyelashes fluttered, and her slender arms hugged his waist tightly. "I remember every word you said."
In their passionate love, she remembered everything from their first meeting when she was eleven until now, even every detail. Her mind was like a highly precise computer, inputting keywords, making any specific date and event as clear as yesterday.
But Justin might not remember everything that happened between them.
No, it was not that he did not remember. It was that he never knew that in every life-or-death moment of his life, she had been there. A guardian angel would not let him know of her existence. A guardian angel only needed to protect, silently and without a word.
After the memorial service, Grant did not accept any interviews. He avoided everyone and quickly left through the back door of the funeral home.
The luxury car drove steadily toward Tideview Manor. The cabin was very quiet. Since Grant was resting with his eyes closed, the driver to Clarice did not dare to breathe loudly.
"Heh." Grant suddenly let out a low laugh.
Clarice froze and cautiously asked, "Sir, what are you thinking about?"
"Some things are better seen than heard," Grant said, a faint smile on his lips. "Today, seeing Justin standing with the Thompson family, I suddenly felt they were as close as a family."
"Judging from Wyatt's attitude, he
already regards Justin as a son-in-law, Clarice said, her eyes filled with contempt. "He finally became the son-in-law of a
billionaire family. All his el.net
curry favor with Bella and her father were not in vain. Truly, heaven helps those who help themselves.
Grant, still with his eyes closed, smiled even more. "My younger brother grew up in the slums. It has not been easy for him. Now, after much hardship, he has finally found his happiness. As his brother, I am quite happy for him."
"Sir, why say these things? If not for your sacrifice back then, helping Justin escape, everything he has now should have been yours!" Clarice felt indignant for her master.
At this moment, Grant slightly opened his eyes. The light in his eyes was dark and unpredictable. "Everything should be mine, including Bella."
Clarice's heart tightened. She hesitated for a moment before asking in a low voice, "Sir, have you fallen for Bella?"
"Did you not say that everything he has should be mine?" Grant's dark eyes glowed faintly with a hidden fire, and the smile at the corner of his lips carried a hint of barely noticeable desire.
Clarice was shocked. Her brow
furrowed tightly. "Anything in this world you want is rightfully yours. However, forgive me for saying this, but the relationship between Bella and Justin is rock solid. There is no room for anyone else. Otherwise, Christopher would have succeeded long ago. After all, he and Bella were childhood friends." 
Grant smiled self-deprecatingly. "Not to mention my current condition. What woman would want to be with me?"
"Please do not say that, sir!" Clarice said, her eyes intense as she looked at him, holding his ice-cold hand reverently. "As long as you do not mind, I am willing to be with you all my life!" Grant stared at her without blinking, his eyes moving slightly, as deep and distant as the ocean.
Clarice's heart pounded wildly, and she lost herself for a moment. After all, Justin and Grant were brothers, even if they were not from the same mother, Their features had a certain similarity, especially their eyes Before, she thought Justin's eyes were the only breathtaking ones in Savrow. But now she realized that Grant's eyes were just as beautiful, not inferior to that despicable man at all! 
Clarice felt a faint regret. If she had not been instigated by Shannon to bet everything on Justin but instead wholeheartedly took care of Grant when he became disabled, flattering him and even following him to Meridan, perhaps by now, the entire Salvador family would be theirs!
Grant suddenly interrupted Clarice's thoughts and withdrew his hand decisively. "Find out which hospital Chairman Thompson stayed at while recuperating in Meridan. Get his medical report and records as soon as possible."
Clarice's palm was empty, and she clenched her fingers tightly. "Yes, sir."
###chapter1953
Logan's funeral was conducted elegantly, with the help of the Salvador and Thompson families.
As the day drew to a close, the Hoffman family members dispersed, leaving only Ryan kneeling before the grave, staring at his grandfather's portrait without moving.
Bella had returned home to accompany Wyatt, while Justin stayed with Ryan until the end.
"Ryan, you have been too exhausted these days. Go back and rest," Justin said, sighing softly. He felt a pang of sorrow as he stepped forward to help him up, only to find the man unyielding like iron.
"I cannot rest. There is still Yasmin's funeral," Ryan responded almost mechanically.
The deep-seated exhaustion that permeated his every word cut through Justin's heart like a knife.
In recent days, no one dared to mention that name, knowing it was a bleeding wound in Ryan's heart that would never heal.
"I will help you. Don't worry, I will handle everything." Justin's voice was hoarse and raw. Yasmin was gone. Nothing he could say could ease the pain.
"I remember Yasmin once saying... She liked a simple, peaceful life. Even for her funeral, she would want it to be modest and quiet, like a raindrop disappearing into the earth." Ryan struggled to draw a breath, a hint of a bitter smile forming at the corner of his eyes before it shattered.
"But she followed me through fights and chaos, never living a day of peace. Justin, I ruined her life. I caused her death. She has no family left in this world. How can I make it up to her? How can I repay her?" Justin kneeled beside him, patiently patting his back.
"Ryan, don't be like this. Yasmin would not want to see you so downcast. You must be strong to protect the Hoffman family and take care of Carrie. Only then will her efforts not be in vain."
As night fell, Justin and Ryan finally left the grave.
"Justin, come with me to Willow Creek Villa."
In the dim car, Ryan's handsome face was ashen, but his emotions remained steady. "I want to organize Yasmin's belongings. After that, I will seal the villa permanently 
Justin nodded in understanding. That place had been where Ryan and Carrie lived with Yasmin for a long time. It had been so warm once, and now it brought Ryan so much pain. 
The ride was eerily silent.
Dean drove in silence while Justin sat expressionless in the back. After only a few minutes, Ryan leaned his head against the window, falling into a fitful sleep. 
"Ryan, we are here."
An hour later, Justin woke Ryan. Looking completely worn out, he wiped his face and got out of the car.
Justin and Dean followed closely, worried about him.
"Mr. Salvador, President Hoffman is not well. He looks like he can hold on, but his body is already overtaxed," Dean whispered, on the verge of tears.
"I know." Justin felt deep sorrow but did not know how to help his friend bear the pain.
Ryan's trembling fingers pressed the familiar code and pushed the door open.
###chapter1954
Ryan slowly stepped into the living room, his reddened eyes scanning the surroundings. Everything looked the same as before, as if nothing had happened. "Mr. Hoffman, you are back."
A gentle and respectful voice, ethereal and melodious, floated into his ears.
Ryan's face instantly lit up with a warm smile, and he reflexively responded, "I'm back."
However, he would never hear the next sentence again.
With a thud, Ryan could no longer hold himself up. His once proud and tall frame collapsed, his knees hitting the floor as he curled into a cocoon.
"Ryan!"
"Mr. Hoffman!"
Justin and Dean hurriedly rushed to support him, only to hear the faint sound of droplets hitting the floor.
Ryan buried his head deeply, large tears streaming from his tightly closed eyes, hitting the floor like falling rain.
"Ryan, let Dean and I handle the organizing. Don't push yourself," Justin said, holding his trembling shoulders, his own eyes red-rimmed.
"I'm fine... I'm fine." Ryan wiped his tears harshly and used his arms to push himself up from the floor, taking slow steps towards the stairs. Justin watched his stubborn yet fragile back, feeling an unbearable pain in his heart.
He remembered their younger days-how Ryan would always boast about Yasmin, calling her his little follower with an arrogant smile.
In truth, Justin knew that Yasmin was not just Ryan's loyal subordinate. She was the person who cared most for him-his dearest friend, someone he trusted with his life. They arrived at the room where Yasmin had once lived.
It was clean and simple, with only a bed, a wardrobe, and a desk, showing no sign that it had belonged to a young woman.
Justin and Dean, under the pretense
of helping, dared not move anything. They stood at the doorway,
watching Ryan's fingers gently trace the surface of the desk and the neatly made bed, feeling Yasmin's lingering presence. 
Ryan opened the wardrobe door and looked at the exquisite evening gowns, each meticulously stored in plastic garment bags, all looking brand new.
Tears welled up in his eyes as memories flooded his mind.
"In the past, whenever I had to
attend a business event or a social gathering, needing a female companion, it was always Yasmin by my side," Ryan said, pulling bright red evening gown with a tearful smile. "I still remember stunning she looked in these dresses. Those lecherous men could not take their eyes off her, and every time I took her out, I would come back inexplicably furious. It was not romantic jealousy, just the feeling of having my little sister ogled by other
men. It was that kind of annoyance.” 
He laughed bitterly at himself and said, "Heh... But what does it matter? Someone like me does not deserve a sister as good as Yasmin."
Justin's heart ached, while Dean silently cried several rounds of tears.
Just as Ryan was about to close the wardrobe, he noticed a brown leather box beneath the hanging clothes. Curious, he took it out and placed it on the bed. Slowly opening it, he found a diary inside.
Yasmin's diary was pink, with a picture of a little white rabbit holding a carrot on the cover. It was secured with a simple plastic combination lock.
A lock like this could easily be
broken with a single hit, but Ryan did
not treat it so roughly. After a
moment of contemplation, almost
as if guided by some unseen force, he entered his own birthday. 
With a click, the lock opened.
###chapter1955
In an instant, Ryan felt the entire room was eerily silent, as if in a vacuum. Besides his own heartbeat, he heard nothing.
The diary was yellowed with age, a testament to the many years Yasmin had used it.
Ryan's fingers trembled as he carefully turned the pages. Although Yasmin had never received a formal education, her writing was neat, even showing a masculine strength. It closely resembled Ryan's own handwriting.
Ryan's writing had been taught to him by his father from a young age. Being around him day and night, Yasmin had naturally been influenced. Perhaps her admiration for him was so deep that she unconsciously mimicked his handwriting, hoping to bridge the gap between them.
Yasmin did not write every day. What she recorded were moments that were significant to her.
[Today, I followed Young Master to Mr. Finn's funeral. With Mr. Finn gone, the burden of the family now falls on Young Master. The road ahead will be hard, but there is no need to fear. I am here. Mr. Finn, rest assured. Even if the sky falls, I will protect Young Master without hesitation.]
[Recently, Young Master seems different from before. He smiles for no reason even while eating. Could it be that he is in love? Who is the lady who has opened Young Master's closed heart? I would love to meet her.]
[Ms. Carrie is a lovely girl. She deserves Young Master. Truly a person with great taste!]
[Young Master, this is the 14th Thanksgiving I have spent with you. I used to not understand the meaning of reunion, but now that you have a wife, such festivals hold special significance for you. They also hold special meaning for me.]
[Young Master, the moon tonight is beautiful. Just like the love I have for you, an affection I can never speak of.]
Ryan's hands trembled as he held the diary. Tears, swollen with pain, dripped onto the pages.
An old, yellowed photograph clipped from a newspaper caught his tear-blurred vision. It was from ten years ago, during a family ritual.
Ryan, just past completing his coming-of-age ceremony, stood tall and majestic, following behind Logan, exuding the presence of a future head of the family.
Trailing closely behind him was the young Yasmin, dressed in a black bodyguard uniform, her hair tied in a high ponytail. Back then, she lacked the mature charm of today, with her face still retaining some baby fat.
The photo was not very clear, but the gaze of the young girl watching his back was bright and clear, shimmering with gentle radiance. She was always watching over Ryan, even though he never once acknowledged her.
[Today, you casually asked me if I have someone I like and that I should tell you if I do, so you can help me vet them. God knows how fast my heart was beating at that moment.]
[You always worry that I will end up as an old maid if I keep following you, and you asked if I had ever thought about marriage. Actually, I am already married. I silently married you in my heart.] [Young Master, my only wish in this world is for you to truly find happiness. Please do not disappoint me.]
Ryan clutched the diary to his chest, slowly crouching down as his tears flowed uncontrollably. At first, it was a whimper, gradually turning into heart-wrenching sobs, making it hard for him to breathe. Yasmin had loved him deeply for so many years. Yet he, like a fool, remained unaware.
He loved Carrie deeply and knew
well the pain of unrequited love. How could Yasmin, who had
watched him day in and day out with
women, not be in pain? How
could someone endure such
heartache and still continue to
protect him? 
'Yasmin... How could there be such a steadfast person in this world? What was so special about me?'
"If there is an afterlife..." Ryan cried
out, gasping for breath. "If there is an afterlife, I hope you can be my sister. I will protect your happiness for a lifetime. Let us meet again in another way. You deserve the best of everything in this world." 
With the help of Justin and Dean, Yasmin packed up her belongings. There were only two boxes, as if the girl could vanish from Ryan's life at any moment. Only the pink diary was kept close to his chest, treasured as a gem.
"Mr. Hoffman, this is Yasmin's phone." Dean, with reddened eyes, handed Yasmin's phone to him. "It was originally broken and could not be turned on, but it was repaired by Young Master Ralph's technicians at the police station. The screen was replaced. Please keep it well."
Ryan's long lashes trembled as he took the phone. He opened the photo album and was instantly overwhelmed with sorrow, barely managing to control himself.
The last photo in the album was of him dressed in a dog costume, Yasmin in a rabbit costume, and Carrie together.
There was not a single decent photo of them together.
He had so many regrets...
At that moment, Justin's phone rang. It was Paul calling.
"Mr. Salvador, are you with Mr. Hoffman?"
"Yes, I'm with Ryan. What happened?"
"Just now, Chairman Salvador visited the hospital to see Ms. Carrie. Inadvertently, he revealed the news of Ms. Yasmin's death..."
"What did you say?"
Justin's eyes widened with anger. "How could he be so careless despite repeated instructions?"
The car was silent, and Ryan, though faintly hearing Paul's words, felt his heart tighten.
"It's no use blaming Chairman Salvador now. Please come over quickly. To resolve this, only Mr. Hoffman can comfort Ms. Carrie!"
###chapter1956
Justin and Ryan rushed over to the hospital. They sprinted to the ward entrance, just as a group of medical staff emerged.
"How's Carrie?" Ryan asked urgently, his face pale, as he grabbed the attending physician.
The doctor replied anxiously, "The patient's body is weak, and she suffered a severe mental shock. The situation only stabilized after receiving oxygen therapy. However, her mental state remains concerning." Ryan felt his heart constrict as he listened to the doctor's report. He quickly pushed into Carrie's room.
"Aah-Ah!"
Carrie was being held down on the bed by Gregory and Paul. Several tubes were attached to her frail body. As she struggled against them, she still looked beautiful, like a fragile porcelain doll desperately trying to break free. Her eyes were bloodshot, while her gaze was unfocused and frantic. Her mouth was wide open, emitting broken sounds as her slender hands clawed wildly in the air.
"Ms. Carrie! Please calm down, Ms. Carrie!" Paul tried to hold her down but was afraid to hurt her further.
"Carrie! Don't do this! Don't scare Daddy... Carrie!" Gregory's face was panicked and desperate.
Ryan hurried to the bedside, his chest heaving violently. As he bent down, he heard a sharp crack. While she was flailing wildly, Carrie slapped him, leaving behind a shocking red mark across his cheek. Justin and Paul froze and quickly asked, "Are you okay?"
Gregory also stood, stunned, but he could not focus on anything other than his daughter while she was in this condition.
"I'm fine," Ryan replied calmly. He proceeded to sit on the bed, using his strong arms to lift Carrie's frail waist. He pressed her firmly into his chest, ignoring her struggles.
"Ah... Aaah..." Carrie's face was so pale, and her lips cracked from screaming.
"Carrie, it's okay... It's me, your brother, Ryan. I'm here. It's okay." Ryan's voice trembled as he tried to comfort her. He was at a loss for what else to say. "Yasmin..."
Tears streamed down Carrie's face as she struggled to utter this name in his ear.
Ryan heard it, though. His throat
tightened and he softly replied, "Carrie Yasmin is no longer with us,
but I believe she isn't gone completely. She will always be in heaven, watching over us."
On her way back to Savrow, Bella received a call from Justin. She sped straight to the hospital. Her mind was in shambles as she hurried inside. "Ms. Thompson!"
A clear, gentle voice called out from behind. Bella stopped, frowning slightly, as she turned around.
It was Grant, his face covered in sweat, as he was attempting to maneuver his wheelchair up the ramp.
When he was just a foot from the
top of the ramp, his wheelchair jerked. He lost control and began rolling down rapidly. Grant's eyes widened in shock, and his body lurched dangerously backward. 
###chapter1957
Suddenly, a blur passed in front of him, and he felt a warm hand supporting his back, one hand gripping his arm.
"Careful!"
Grant looked up in surprise, meeting a pair of clear, bright eyes. He felt his heart skip a beat.
Bella mustered her strength and wheeled him back onto level ground. As she leaned over him, a few strands of her hair brushed against his face.
Grant clenched his jaw and smiled wryly. "I really have to thank you, Ms. Thompson. If not for you, I would be staying here tonight too."
"It's nothing. I did what anyone would do."
Bella lowered her eyes, nudging a pebble away with her toe. "Your wheel must have been caught on a stone. That was really dangerous. Why isn't Ms. Clarice with you?"
"I'm heading back to Meridan soon and wanted to visit my sister before leaving. I was just in the café next to the hospital, buying coffee for the doctors and nurses taking care of my sister. Clarice stepped into the supermarket nearby, so I was just waiting by myself. That's when I got a call from Paul. I rushed over alone because I was just so worried about Carrie."
He was still sweating and panting heavily.
During their brief encounters in the past, Bella had only ever seen the eldest Salvador impeccably composed. Even bound in a wheelchair, he always managed to maintain a dignified posture. She had never seen him look this ruffled before.
"I understand that, as her brother, you're concerned about Carrie. But given your condition, you shouldn't be going out alone. It's too risky." She kept her tone indifferent toward him. 
Grant showed a resigned smile. "At times like these, I can't help but wish I were healthy. If so, I wouldn't always be a burden to others."
Bella's expression shifted subtly at
his words, but she quickly concealed it and cleared her throat. "Are you going to wait here for Ms. Clarice?
Then I'll be going up to see Carrie first." 
"If you don't mind, may I go with you? I'm really worried about her." Grant pleaded, his eyes filled with urgency.
"Of course, you're her brother. I don't mind." With that, Bella turned and walked ahead.
Just then, she heard a coughing fit behind her, accompanied by the man's heavy breathing, sounding like he might collapse at any second.
"Ms. Thompson, my body is really useless." Grant spoke between gasps, his face pallid. "I have no strength left... Could you, perhaps, help push me to the room?"
Although Bella was reluctant to have
prolonged contact with him, as a
doctor, she could not be so
heartless toward an ill person. Especially since Grant had once saved Justin's life, she could not simply ignore him. 
"Alright." She moved behind him and began to push the wheelchair.
"Thank you..." Grant had his hand on his chest as he tried to steady his breathing. He turned to meet the eyes that had stunned him earlier.
At that moment, a low, stern voice rang out behind them. "Bella."
###chapter1958
Bella froze. She slowly turned and met the man's dark eyes as her heart thudded heavily inside her chest.
Justin clenched his fists beside him, and Bella could feel the tension radiating off him.
"Oh... Justin."
Grant cleared his throat to explain himself, as if they were guilty of hiding something from him. "Don't overthink this. I just came across Ms. Thompson at the hospital entrance. I wasn't feeling well, and I asked her to help me upstairs."
"Dear brother, pray tell, what could I be overthinking?"
Justin's lips curled in an attempt to smile. However, it came across as a grimace. "You're my big brother, and Bella is your sister-in-law. We're family. She was only doing her sisterly duty."
As he said this, he strode over to Bella and gently took over the wheelchair handles. "Let me take care of this."
"Thank you, Justin," Grant said with a tight smile.
Justin bent down and whispered into his ear, "You're my big brother. It's the least I can do."
Outside the ward, Gregory was anxiously discussing Carrie's condition with the attending physician.
"Dad!" Grant called out. He was stuck in his wheelchair but desperately wished he could get up and walk over to his father.
"Grant! You know you're not well. Why did you come here so late at night?" Gregory looked at his son's pallid face and felt moved by his efforts.
"I was worried about Carrie, so I came to check on her. I happened to run into Justin and Ms. Thompson downstairs, so we came up together."
Grant furrowed his eyebrows. "Dad, how is Carrie?"
Bella stood nearby, her face wrought with tension, as Justin gripped her clammy hands.
"Fortunately, Ryan is here. He's already inside with your sister. But we can't carry on like this. Carrie was already depressed. After receiving such a big shock, I'm afraid she might end up having a mental breakdown!" Gregory sighed helplessly.
Justin shared his father's distress. After careful consideration, he suggested. "In the worst-case scenario, we'll have to resort to electroshock therapy."
Gregory and Paul looked at each other in confusion. "Electroshock therapy?"
:
"It's a treatment used to treat some mental illnesses by administering safe doses of electric currents to the patient. When I served in the peacekeeping forces, many soldiers suffered I need severe mental trauma. They developed PTSD and couldn't live normally after discharge. Many had to resort to this method."
Bella's heart clenched at the thought as she watched Justin's profile.
"Will there be any lingering side effects?" Gregory questioned.
"Initially, dizziness and nausea will be expected, but as time passes, she will lose some triggering memories. It may also lead to some memory retention difficulty in the future," Justin answered bluntly.
"I don't recommend this method," Grant countered, frowning and shaking his head. "Is erasing memories the only way to treat her? Is killing one's past self the only solution?"
Bella stared at him in shock. She never expected this man to have such empathy.
The air suddenly grew tense. The two brothers locked eyes, as if two invisible forces were clashing.
Grant continued, "I have personally
one can t
undergone electroshock therapy in the past, time and time again. No &nderstand the feeling of having your soul ripped from your body better than I do. It's just one pain masking another." 
Grant's expression turned somber. "This method doesn't address the root cause. This Yasmin girl was clearly very important to Carrie. Even if she is made to forget temporarily, once she comes across anything related to that girl, her memories will return, as will her condition. What
then? Use electroshock therapy
again to force her to forget? To what
end?" 
Gregory's eyes watered at this confession. “Grant, I had no idea you suffered so much back then.”
Justin pressed his lips together, feeling like he had just swallowed a rock.
The kidnapping incident had left a significant shadow on Grant, psychologically. He believed this had been the only option to get Grant through those dark days.
"Dad, it's all in the past. It doesn't matter now. I only said all that because I don't want Carrie to suffer like I did." Grant forced a smile and released a breath.
"Mr. Grant, do you have a better solution?" Bella asked seriously.
Grant looked at her with gentle sincerity. "Medication."
Justin did not miss this look between them.
###chapter1959
Instantly, the taste of bile rose to Justin's throat, rendering him speechless.
"To my knowledge, no medicine can truly cure autism. It can only manage its symptoms. Moreover, overuse can lead to lethargy and mental dullness." Bella shook her head skeptically. "If truly it worked, Carrie's autism would have been cured by now."
"Ms. Thompson is right, but that was in Savrow."
Grant's expression was gentle and patient as he explained. "In the past two years, a new medication has been developed in Meridan to suppress autism. Though it is still a supplementary treatment, it is still far more effective than our medicine. Additionally, I believe that if Mr. Hoffman spends more time accompanying Carrie and surrounding her with love, her condition will improve significantly. It will be much better than electroshock therapy. Ultimately, autistic patients need to feel loved as much as possible."
Gregory nodded in agreement. "Grant, you raise a lot of good points!"
However, Bella remained impassive. "Mr. Salvador, with all due respect, I am very skeptical of medication, especially foreign ones. This is something you ingest, and any mishap could cause irreversible damage. My father recently suffered a stroke. Conservative treatments could have saved him, but he instead took medication from an untrustworthy person, leading to severe side effects, even incontinence. I do not want the same terrible things to happen to Carrie. I see her as my own sister. I am not willing to take that risk."
"Ms. Thompson, I understand your concern."
Grant kept his gaze gentle. "That is why I will accompany Carrie in taking the medication. Whatever she takes, I will take the same amount. Is that acceptable?"
The other three were left stunned.
"Grant, what are you doing?!"
Gregory immediately ed. "All medicine has side effects. You do not have that kind of illness. How can you volunteer to take that medication? This is absolutely unacceptable!"
Bella was surprised. She had not expected Grant to go so far, risking himself just to ease her concerns.
"I have taken over a thousand kinds of medication over the years, so one more won't make a difference." Grant remained calm. "I understand Ms. Thompson's concerns, especially given what her father has gone through. It's only natural to be extra cautious. It's decided, then. Within three days, I'll have Clarice deliver the medicine. As the oldest brother, I have no other desire but for my sister to be safe and sound."
After their discussion, Grant left the couple to themselves. Clarice arrived, and the two hastily left the hospital.
On the way back to the manor, Grant recounted the events at the hospital to Clarice in a nonchalant tone.
Clarice's heart raced as her voice rose. "Sir! How could you even suggest this? How can you put your body in harm's way like this?!"
"That's enough." Grant silenced her, furrowing his brow.
He recalled Bella's eyes and her steady demeanor. She exuded a unique charm that made men willingly submit to her allure.
In comparison, the meticulous Clarice somewhat resembled a poorly made human doll.
Clarice shrank back, lowering her
head. "I... I'm just worried about your
health. The medication you
mentioned hasn't even passed the final clinical trials at our research institute. While it was proven to be effective, its side effects are still unpredictable. I fear..." 
"If I didn't propose this, they wouldn't have accepted my suggestion. But now that I have, my goodwill will be doubled, both with Justin and Ms. Thompson." Grant smiled. "But... It's still too risky."
"Everything requires a certain cost to succeed. Haven't I always told you this?"
Grant wore an inscrutable smile as he gazed out the window. "Let's consider this a clinical trial. If my sister and I are lucky, we will both be fine. If not, I will be with her as her brother, won't I?" 
Clarice chewed on her lower lip, her worries not assuaged in the slightest.
"Ms. Thompson is different from any opponent we've faced before." Grant closed his eyes and smiled wistfully "She is smart, resilient, brave, and cautious. Every plot has risks. In order to win her over, the best weapon we have is genuine sincerity." 
###chapter1960
Chapter 1960
The night was pitch black, only illuminated by the moon high in the sky. When they returned to the villa, Justin retreated to his study. Bella stood by the window with her hair still wet from her bath, lost in thought. She dwelled on Grant's words, carefully dissecting each one. He intrigued her deeply.
She prided herself on understanding people. When Christopher showered her with flattery, she easily saw through his facade. Yet, with Grant, she sensed no hostility. He was gentle and refined, like a breath of fresh air. Even more surprising was his willingness to test the medicine for Carrie personally. Even if his intentions were not entirely pure, the stakes were so high.
Bella frowned, her mind racing. 'Grant, who are you really?'
Suddenly, she felt warm arms wrapping tightly around her waist.
"You little lazy cat, not drying your hair when I'm not around, hmm?" Justin's voice came from behind her. His warm breath tickled her neck, making her flush a rosy red. "If you catch a cold, it hurts me too."
"When did you get here? You startled me," Bella replied softly.
"What were you thinking about so deeply?" Justin asked, kissing her earlobe.
"Your older brother," Bella replied absentmindedly, her gaze still in the middle distance.
Justin's heart dropped at these words. His kiss turned into a bite, punishing her for her carelessness.
"Ouch, that hurts... Ah!" Bella exclaimed as he forcefully turned her around, gripping her chin and staring her down.
Just looking into his eyes made her feel weak and tremble slightly.
"Bella, who did you say you were thinking about?" Justin's voice was hoarse.
"You know I didn't mean it that way... Mmph!" Her words were cut off by a searing kiss, and he invaded her mouth aggressively.
Bella's tongue felt numb and sore under his onslaught. She could hardly move, pressed tight against the balcony railing. Justin was acting crazy tonight, which made her nervous. But before she could think any further, his kiss left her dizzy and disoriented.
The rose silk robe she wore slipped down her back, caught between their bodies.
In the silver moonlight, her flawless body unfolded for him like a delicate flower, soft against his heaving chest. Justin's last restraint snapped. His calloused hands kneaded one breast while his mouth lowered to suck on the other.
"No... I... I just showered..." Bella's neck arched back involuntarily, pain and pleasure intermingling.
"We'll shower again. I'll help you." Justin's hands gripped her waist tightly. His crisp shirt was still buttoned fully, but his trousers were already off. Without hesitation, he plunged into her, driven wild with
need.
Bella's eyes welled up with tears. Her arms trembled as they wrapped around his neck, her porcelain body bouncing rhythmically against the railing. The cool night wind on her back created a torturous mix of heat and cold.
"Justin... I'm cold... Can we move to the bed... Please?" Bella's body was slick with sweat, yet her lips quivered.
"Are you still thinking about him? Are you?" Justin's eyes followed her, ignoring her plea.
He felt like he was losing his mind.
###chapter1961
Chapter 1961
Justin had endured it all night. From the moment he saw Bella with Grant, his soul was suffering from torment.
He recalled faking a smile in front of his brother and saying words he did not mean.
God knew how much he wanted to snatch Bella away and hide her in a secret place so that Grant could not take another glance at her.
Bella was his and his alone.
"No... I'm not thinking about him anymore..." Bella's voice broke under his thrusts, and she cried.
They had been together for a long time and had sex countless times, but not once was Justin so relentless, making her feel aggrieved.
"Bella, you're mine.... Don't look at him again. You can only look at me!"
When they both reached the peak, Justin scooped up the woman, who had gone soft, and returned to the
room.
He wanted to take her again on the bed, but Bella shivered, sobbing as she slapped his face lightly.
"I hate you... I don't want it anymore... You're a bully!"
Her slap was not painful at all. It was almost like a caress, but it completely brought the jealous and lustful man back to his senses.
"Sorry. Sorry, Bella... It's all my fault. I won't do this again, I swear."
Justin's heartbeat pounded heavily, filled with deep regret, as he pulled her into his arms tightly, apologizing over and over again.
"I know what you're afraid of..." Bella closed her eyes slightly, her fingertips scratching his muscular back, seemingly comforting him. "Justin, don't be afraid... I am yours. I'll forever be yours."
That night, Bella slept deeply, but Justin tossed and turned, feeling uneasy.
He barely managed to make it to sunrise, but seeing that Bella had no signs of waking up, he did not dare to disturb her. Justin quietly got up to wash, change, and tidy some materials in the study to prepare for the online meeting.
The meeting started at 9:00 a.m. and lasted three hours. Justin tried his best to be attentive, but his mind was still elsewhere.
After the meeting finally ended, he returned to his room and was surprised to find that Bella was still not
awake.
His darling was usually disciplined. Even when they sometimes went overboard the night before, she would still wake up early to exercise, wash up, and do her makeup.
Justin was confused and sat by the bed. Just as his hand touched her round shoulders, he jerked back in fright.
She was burning!
"Bella? Bella?"
He flipped her over and quickly touched her forehead when he saw her flushed face.
It was scorching hot!
His lover, sleeping beside him, had a high fever the entire night, but he only noticed it now.
"Ugh... I'm cold... It's so cold..." Bella muttered incoherently.
Justin's heart burned anxiously. He found another blanket in a panic and wrapped her up. He hugged her as well, but Bella still complained that she was cold.
It must have been last night, when they were doing it on the balcony...
Justin felt guilty and regretful. He wanted to slap himself for being so careless!
But he restrained himself. When Bella woke up, she could slap him herself.
Downstairs, Wilma had already started preparing for lunch.
At this moment, the doorbell rang. She quickly wiped her hands and went to get the door.
When she opened the door, she saw a strikingly handsome man in a black trench coat. "Hi, you are...?"
###chapter1962
Chapter 1962
Drew's hands were casually in his pockets. He tilted his head and asked, "Is Bella here?"
Wilma sized him up. "Are you my Young Madam's friend?"
"No."
Wilma suddenly thought of something, and her eyes widened warily. "Oh! You aren't Young Madam's admirer, are you? Could you be Young Master Justin's love rival?!"
After all, she knew all the men who would come to the villa to see Bella, but she did not recognize this one. "Tsk."
Drew smirked, raising his brow teasingly. "If I were Bella's admirer, what chance would Justin have? Your Young Master would be out of the game long ago!"
What an arrogant brat!
Furious, Wilma was about to speak when Justin's anxious voice came from behind. "Aunt Wilma, do we have fever medicine?!"
At the same time, he saw Drew standing outside the door. His eyes lit up. "Drew!"
"What a sweet greeting." Drew's eyes curved with a smile as he walked in.
Wilma's mouth hung slightly open, finally realizing that this man must be another one of Bella's brothers.
The Young Master she raised as her top priority was now at the bottom of the pyramid after being together with Bella. How pitiful.
"Young Master Justin, are you sick? I'll get the medicine for you now."
Justin's gaze was anxious. "Not me. It's Bella."
"What? Bella has a fever?!" Drew's heart tightened, and he immediately rushed to Justin with a few steps. "What happened? Where's my sister?!"
Justin's eyelashes fluttered, and he found it hard to explain. He could only bring Drew to their room.
Drew quickly took off his trench coat and threw it aside, afraid of bringing the cold air from outside to his sick sister. He sat on the bedside and called out gently, "Bella? Bella? I'm here. How are you feeling? Bella?"
Bella did not sense anyone else. Her dry lips parted slightly as she murmured, "Justin..."
Upon hearing it, Drew felt bitter and cast a displeased glance at the man behind him, who looked guilty and helpless.
"Bella is calling for you. Come serve her!"
Justin quickly walked over and kneeled by the bed, gently caressing her feverish forehead.
"Bella, I'm here. Aunt Wilma went to get the medicine. Hold on a little longer. Do you want water? Where do you feel uncomfortable? Should we go to the hospital?"
"Mmh..." Bella's nose twitched as she shook her head.
"Can you stop talking for a second? Can't you see she's burning up? Her mind is muddled."
Distressed for his sister, Drew felt pissed. "Justin, how are you taking care of Bella? She has been training
with me and Asher since she was young. She rarely gets sick! How did she end up like this?"
"I..." Justin choked up, guilt churning in his stomach.
At this moment, Bella frowned in discomfort and turned over, exposing her snow-white skin from under the blanket.
Drew's pupils contracted when he saw red marks on his sister's neck, collarbone, and shoulders.
His mind buzzed, and he immediately understood everything.
He slowly turned his gaze and glared at Justin, his fists cracking. "Justin, you motherfucker!"
###chapter1963
Chapter 1963
"Justin's heart spasmed with pain. He stood rooted in place, looking helpless and distressed.
Suddenly, Drew stood up and grabbed Justin by the collar, glaring at him with sharp eyes. "What the hell did you do to my sister?! Did you force her into some S&M play yesterday?!""
"No..."
"Then why is she covered in bruises?! Fuck! Even if you're playing, you should be the masochist!"
Drew's knuckles turned white. He used so much force that he even yanked off the button at Justin's collar. The two men's noses were almost touching. "Bella was doted on like a princess by us brothers, but she has only suffered misfortunes since she started dating you. Now, you're even bullying her in bed?!
"How could you be such a monster?! Since you said you love her, you should be considerate of her feelings! How could you just get yourself off and neglect my sister's well-being?! Justin, just you wait! I'll ask that old maid of yours to count my sister's injuries. Then I'll return them to you tenfold!"
Justin could see that Drew was genuinely angry. The only person who could make Drew lose composure like this was Bella.
"Drew..." Bella, burning from the fever, struggled to open her eyes.
"I'm here, Bella. I'm right here!"
Drew angrily pushed Justin aside and squatted by the bed, touching her forehead. His own forehead was also covered in a thin layer of sweat. "It's too hot. I could even fry an egg!"
"You're so noisy..." Bella used all her strength to raise her hand, flicking Drew's forehead lightly. "A patient needs to rest... You're intentionally keeping me awake..."
At this moment, Wilma rushed in with fever medicine and water. She took a thermometer and placed it on Bella's forehead.
Веер!
It was 39.8 degrees Celsius!
"OMG! This temperature is enough to kill even cancer cells, and you're still holding on?!"
Wilma felt distressed for Bella and indignantly pushed Justin until he staggered back. "Young Master, you're a fool! What fever medicine does she need at this point? Send her to the hospital now before her brain gets damaged!"
Justin was filled with regret. He had hurt the person he loved the most because of his possessiveness.
Justin and Wilma helped to change Bella's clothes while Drew turned away, his broad shoulders trembling in anger.
At this moment, Bella was like an obedient doll, letting them move her as they pleased. Wilma helped her put on a coat, and Justin got on one knee to put on her shoes.
Justin was about to carry her when Drew roughly pushed him away, refusing to let him touch Bella.
"Bella, let me carry you." Drew squatted with his back to Bella.
"Drew, let me do it." Justin had a simple thought and did not want Drew to be worn out.
"Get lost."
Justin pursed his dry lips, at a loss for words.
"When Bella was sick as a child, we would carry her to the hospital and take turns coaxing her to sleep when she was uncomfortable at night."
Drew swiftly lifted his sister, his eyes red. "When she was a little girl, she rode on my back if she was in a bad mood. Justin, you said you love her, but I don't think you're doing nearly enough. I'm a little hesitant to trust her with you."
It sounded a bit exaggerated, but in the eyes of a brother who truly loved and cherished his sister, it was not an exaggeration at all.
"Sorry..." Justin's face was pale as he clenched his fists and watched Drew carry Bella out.
In the car, Bella moaned weakly, insisting on sitting with Justin.
"Drew... Don't blame Justin. He's always clumsy, especially in front of you guys... He panics so much."
Bella tugged on Drew's sleeve, her eyelashes fluttering. "Stop bullying him... I know he didn't do it on purpose..."
"Bella, you're spoiling him too much. You can't spoil men. They'll only get worse!" Drew was pissed off, but looking at how Bella spoke for Justin, he was hesitant to say harsher words.
"He's my husband. Who's gonna spoil him if I don't? It's nothing."
Bella's lips, fever-chapped, curved up gently. "Justin always had a hard life... He finally tasted something sweet from me, so he's a little overwhelmed. Don't be too hard on him, okay?"
Instantly, an intense wave of guilt almost devoured Justin.
His dry and bitter throat choked up, nearly suffocating, and he forced back the tears welling up beneath his eyes.
Bella knew and understood him too well.
But the more she did, the more he felt undeserving of her, causing him to loathe himself.
The luxury car headed toward the hospital, with lan as the driver and Drew in the passenger seat.
In the backseat, Justin hugged the woman wrapped in a wool blanket tightly. His voice was hoarse. "Are you still cold?"
Bella's soft hair rubbed against his heaving chest. "It's just a fever... Don't worry. But, next time.... Remember to be gentle with me."
Next time. He would not dare to do this again.
The car suddenly stopped.
Drew frowned. "Why aren't you driving?"
Ian said, "It's a red light."
Drew raised his sharp brows. "Your Young Madam is having a high fever. Who cares about the traffic lights? Her brain will start boiling by the time we get there! Drive!"
"Drew, enough..." Bella's pale face was helpless. "I'm just having a fever, not about to go into labor. Can you calm down..."
Upon hearing it, Justin felt as if a cold, huge boulder was pressing down on his heart. His shirt was already
drenched with sweat.
"Bella, you're too..."
Before Drew could finish his words, there was suddenly a loud bang.
A man's pale, twisted, and crazed face, like a demon climbing out of hell, suddenly pressed against their windshield.
###chapter1964
Chapter 1964
Drew's pupils contracted in shock for a split second. Then his battle hardened mind immediately steadied.
On the other hand, lan, the driver, was almost scared out of his wits. He screamed, "Oh my God!"
Justin's eyes grew cold, and he held Bella tightly while cupping the back of her head, burying her small face in his chest.
"Bella, don't look."
He did not want Bella to get scared, as he feared it would worsen her condition.
However, the man did not know that Bella herself was a fearless demon. She had encountered the most brutal scenes on the battlefield, so nothing could scare her.
At this moment, she was not terrified, but she was curious.
"Damn, do scammers go all out nowadays? He even had such ghost-like makeup on. It's kind of scary." Drew's eyes were sharp as he opened the car door. "I'll go down and check it out. He'd better be injured. If not, I'll make him!"
But before Drew could step out, that man had jumped off the car hood, flailing his arms and running away crazily!
They were in a relatively remote area with few passersby. But this weird man still attracted people's attention. They all kept a distance, not daring to approach him.
"Hahaha... Hahaha!"
The man laughed madly while running before he suddenly convulsed. Then his body stiffened, as if struck by lightning, falling backward with a thud.
The back of his head hit the edge of the pavement. Blood gushed out endlessly, dying the asphalt road red.
A few braver passersby walked up looking terrified, unsure whether to call an ambulance.
At this moment, although Bella could not think straight due to the fever, her nature as a doctor immediately kicked in when she saw someone being injured.
While the three men were distracted, she got out of the car.
"Bella!" Justin's heart tightened, and he quickly chased after her.
Bella squeezed through the crowd to the very front while wrapped in a blanket, kneeling to examine the man's condition like a professional doctor.
Beads of her sweat dripped on the floor, but she did not care.
Justin and Drew pushed through the crowd and rushed in, guarding her side.
At this time, Justin's gaze landed on the man's suit collar. His eyes darkened.
"Quick... Call the ambulance!" Someone shouted nervously.
"There's no need. Call the police." Bella had a heavy gaze as she took a deep breath. "He's already dead." The crowd was stunned and hurriedly backed away.
Ten minutes later, the police cars arrived and sealed off the scene. They carried the man, stiffer than a dried sardine, onto a stretcher and covered him with a white cloth.
Back in the car, Bella's sweat had almost drenched the blanket, but her complexion seemed a little better. "Bella, how do you feel? Are you okay?" Justin held her shoulder worriedly.
"I'm much better. I feel warm now." Bella twisted around, clearly thinking about something.
"Wrap yourself properly. You'd feel worse if you caught a cold." Justin's arms looped around her, afraid that she would be taking off the blanket.
###chapter1965
Chapter 1965
"My sister is literally the incarnation of hell. She gets excited when she sees dead people." Drew could not help but tease.
Thinking of that man's terrifying appearance, Ian felt a lingering fear. "Is that man dead just like that? He just hit his head on the curb."
Although Bella had only examined that man's body for a few minutes, she felt that his death was not so simple.
"Not necessarily. He was convulsing before he fainted, and his muscles contracted rhythmically. He was also unconscious, so it could be a sign of epilepsy. We will only know the exact reason for death after an autopsy,"
"Epilepsy? I would have thought he overdosed." Drew clicked his tongue, still savoring the exciting feeling of a real-life horror scene. "When I was overseas, I'd seen some drug addicts. When they were high or in withdrawal, they behaved like the man just now, like a zombie."
Bella leaned against Justin's chest, panting softly. Justin looked down at her, wiping off the sweat from her nose with his thumb.
"Bella, the man just now was from Southern Star."
"Southern Star Syndicate?!" Bella was stunned. "How did you know?"
That was Aunt Sasha's family.
"Just now, I saw the Vermillion Bird badge pinned to his collar. It's the Southern Star Syndicate's logo." Drew sneered. "Oh, he's in a gang. Then it might really be an overdose, killing himself in broad daylight." "No, Aunt Sasha told me before that the Southern Star Syndicate strictly prohibits drugs. Their members could not be involved in drugs either... Otherwise, there would be severe consequences." Bella immediately rebuked it.
"That's in the past. Now that Watson is almost dying, he has lost his power and cannot control those underlings anymore. If they wanted to do shady business behind his back, he probably couldn't stop them." Drew narrowed his eyes and smiled coldly.
"Drew... Don't say that. He is Aunt Sasha's father. Even if you don't like him, you should have some respect."
"Watson is a gangster, and his daughter is someone's mistress. Forgive me for my old-fashioned thoughts, but I can't respect them at all." Drew looked out the window, the glass reflecting his cold and hard features.
Justin could see that Drew could still not get over the fact that Wyatt kept a few wives. Whenever this topic came up, Drew would start being sarcastic.
"Aunt Sasha has been amazing to us and Wyatt."
Bella lowered her eyes. Her voice was hoarse and weak. "She has removed her uterus... So she will never have a child with Wyatt."
Justin's eyes widened. This news had surpassed his expectations.
Even Ian, who was driving, was shocked by this family secret, occasionally stealing glances in the rearview mirror.
"Ha, my sister has a kind heart, but I was born without empathy and a cold heart. I will never accept a woman who tried to snatch my mother's husband away. Sasha, Mila, and Celeste are the same in my eyes."
After that, Drew crossed his arms around his chest and closed his eyes, indicating that he was about to rest.
It meant the conversation had ended.
Justin and Bella looked at each other, sighing helplessly.
When they reached a private hospital with excellent equipment and no waiting time, Bella quickly finished her examination and drew blood for further tests. She then rested in a ward while receiving an IV.
Justin only left the room when Bella was sound asleep.
Avoiding Drew and Ian, Justin quietly came to the first floor and registered to see a urology specialist.
###chapter1966
The doctor attending to Justin saw his name and stared intently at his handsome face. He felt pressured in front of this man.
"Um... Mr. Salvador, how may I help you?" The doctor's voice was clearly shaking, but he reassured Justin. "Mr. Salvador, rest assured. Our hospital prioritizes confidentiality. I'll definitely keep my mouth shut about you coming here today."
Justin was not afraid of people talking about him seeing a urology specialist.
The entire world knew he only loved Bella and would only marry her. He was devoted to her for life.
He had pride, but he would not value it that much. He was already known as a simp, so it was not a big deal if there were rumors that he was impotent.
"Doctor, I have one question." Justin paused, a hint of worry crossing his brow. "Can a vasectomy control sexual urges?"
"A vasectomy's main function is to stop the sperm from being released, preventing the formation of an embryo as a method of contraception. It has nothing to do with sexual desire."
Justin went silent and then asked in a low voice, "Are there any procedures that could suppress sexual desires?"
The doctor rarely met a patient with such a tricky request. He hesitated before speaking. "Well... an effective method is taking pills. However, all medications have side effects. I advise you to think it through. This matter is not a big deal. You can control urges by taking a cold shower."
Cold shower? Did the doctor think he had not tried that? It was useless.
Justin's desire for Bella was so intense that it frightened him, like the night before.
Bella, a prideful woman, was reduced to a crying and begging mess under him last night, but all he could think about was possessing her. His blood was on fire. It felt like he was enchanted and could not hear anything else.
Once he touched her, he was unbearably aroused.
Combined with the mental pressure Grant brought him, Justin felt like the taut string in his head would snap at any moment.
Justin did not want to hurt Bella anymore.
"I'll take the pills. Which type of medication could achieve this effect?" Justin did not hesitate.
"I can prescribe some type of
sedatives first. The side effects are
smaller. A high sexual drive would cause high neural excitement, so taking sedatives can reduce it." en.swhovels.net
"Okay." Justin pursed his thin lips. "Please arrange a vasectomy for me too."
The doctor was shocked.
Everyone in Savrow knew that Justin's girlfriend was the daughter of the wealthiest man in Hatchbay, the famous Ms. Bella Thompson.
They were a perfect match, and they were still young and childless. Why did Justin want to get a vasectomy?
"I know what you're thinking." Justin
felt a pang of pain in his heart like thousands of needles pricking it. He said in a hoarse voice, "My wife and I lost a child due to my mistake, and the incident caused her infertility. If so,want to go through this with her. If she can't conceive, neither will I. That way, I'll stop thinking about having children." 
The doctor's eyes widened. Justin's love for Bella stunned him.
Justin slowly stood up. "Please arrange a time for the surgery. The sooner, the better."
After leaving the urology department, Justin took a deep breath and walked toward Bella's ward. Suddenly, his footsteps paused, and he turned around sharply.
"Have you forgotten all the training
you received at the military
academy?" A few steps away, Drew leaned against a thick pillar, arms
crossed, as his dark eyes fixed on Justin. 
Justin's eyes widened slightly. He had been thinking of Bella the entire way, completely unaware of someone following him.
Or perhaps Drew's tracking skills were too good. After all, Drew was a top-tier special agent.
###chapter1967
Drew asked, "Why are you visiting a urologist? You can't get it up?"
He walked toward Justin, his playful and judging gaze gliding from Justin's eyes down to his crotch. "I've seen your junk. It can even get up when you're unconscious. I'm guessing it's not just flashy." Justin's expression was a little stiff. 'Should I thank him for the compliment?'
At this moment, a nurse came over and handed a bill to Justin. "Mr. Salvador, please keep this. Come for your surgery at 9:00 a.m. tomorrow."
Justin nodded and took it.
Just as the nurse left, Drew snatched the bill from his hand and looked at it. He yelled, "You're getting a vasectomy?!"
Justin was speechless. 'Could he be any louder? He might as well announce it on the PA system!'
Drew also thought he was too loud. He quickly gritted his teeth and dragged Justin to a secluded place to talk.
"What the hell are you up to now?"
"You know about Bella's situation. If I got a vasectomy, she wouldn't feel guilty about not being able to conceive in the future. I can always remind myself not to act recklessly too." Justin's tone was calm, trying to make it sound like nothing.
But Drew was a smart man, seeing right through him. He was anxious, his fingers almost digging into Justin's flesh where he grabbed him. "Hey, Justin, you aren't that petty, right? I admit I was a little harsh today, but I was just distressed for Bella! You were careless enough to hurt her. Can't I complain about that as her brother? Do you have to castrate yourself to spite me?!"
Justin frowned and smiled wryly. "A vasectomy doesn't take away sexual function. You're making a big deal out of it. I was indeed overboard last night. I'm afraid I won't be able to control myself in the future, so I'm taking some precautions. It'll be better for Bella."
Drew's teasing demeanor vanished, and he asked seriously, "Justin, do you really not want to have children with Bella?"
"Let's not talk about this." Justin felt as if his heart was scalded by burning water, aching softly.
"Since I knew about Bella's
condition, I've been trying to find treatment options abroad. Although I've got nothing yet, I never gave up on it." Drew clenched his jaw. "But do you really think that my sister is barren? Do you think she would never become a mother? 
Justin's heart wrenched in pain, and he sucked in a deep breath.
He wanted to be a father to Bella's child, but because of his mistakes and carelessness, he caused the love of his life to lose her right to become a mother.
This was punishment for his stupidity and foolishness.
"It's not just me. As far as I know, Asher and Argold are also trying to find ways for Bella to conceive in Meridan." Drew placed his hands on Justin's shoulders heavily and stared at him with an intense gaze. "Even if we don't have any methods now, you shouldn't give up! If we take good care and fertilize barren land, it might be fertile again one day. 
"But if you castrate yourself now, we will lose all hope! You can't even take a bit of criticism now. What will you do when you join our family? You'd be gone in two days! My brothers' mouths aren't any better than mine." 
"I understand. Thank you, Drew." Justin looked at him and smiled.
Drew heaved a sigh of relief and tore the surgery bill in half.
After Bella finished her IV, Justin waited in the ward until she woke up before carrying her into the car and returning home.
Drew suddenly visited today because he wanted to see his sister after reaching Savrow and to attend Yasmin's funeral at Ryan's invitation.
###chapter1968
In the quiet of the night, Drew settled down in the guest room while the couple cuddled on their bed.
Justin held Bella in his arms, occasionally kissing her still-warm forehead. Her high fever had subsided a little, and it was not burning anymore.
Bella felt limp and weak, but being in the man's embrace and taken care of made her feel comfortable. Her cheeks were rosy as she whimpered like a kitten.
The sickly beauty looked pitiful, her eyes glistening. It aroused Justin's desire to ravage her.
But Justin would not bully her anymore. The more he loved her, the more he needed to restrain himself.
"Did Drew say anything else to you after that?" Bella could not help worrying. After all, Drew had a sharp tongue that he inherited from Wyatt.
Justin shook his head slightly and tucked her under the blanket. "Rest well. Sleep early and recover soon. We have an early morning the day after."
"Yeah. We need to attend Yasmin's funeral." Bella's heart felt a pang of pain, tears welling in her eyes. "The things that happened recently are too saddening. I hope a tragedy like this will never, ever happen again. I hope everyone can find their happiness."
"We will, Bella. We will." Justin pressed his lips against hers, murmuring hoarsely.
"I saw Drew's repulsive attitude today. It seems like he won't get over it." Bella pouted, feeling a little sullen.
Justin thought for a while and asked softly, "Bella, Madam Sasha... Did she really..."
"Aunt Sasha removed her uterus, but nobody forced her to. She did that willingly."
Suddenly, Bella recalled when she vehemently refused to let Sasha join their family. She lowered her eyes sadly. "No... I forced her. Back then, I said a lot of hurtful words to slander her to prevent her from joining our family, and I looked down on her background. I said she hooked up with Wyatt to climb the social ladder, to use Wyatt's influence to wash away their family's criminal records and have a share in KS Group's assets...
"That was when she removed her uterus, using her actions to prove she did not choose to follow Wyatt because of his money. After that, she cut off all contact with her father and never returned."
Justin listened quietly, feeling a sense of sorrow. At the same time, he raised his hand to rub Bella's hair gently, comforting her silently.
"At this point, I can't say that Aunt I Sasha's choice was right, but I also can't blame or hate her. Like Aunt Mila and Aunt Celeste, Aunt Sasha has been amazing to me, Wyatt, and my siblings." 
The corners of Bella's eyes moistened. "So, I thought... I was the unforgivable sinner. Perhaps because of my youthful arrogance and rash words, Aunt Sasha lost her right to become a mother. Now, karma has come for me." 
Justin immediately covered her mouth, his chest heaving. He was in so much pain that it felt like a knife had carved a hole in his chest. "Bella, don't say that. It has nothing to do with you. If there is karma, it should come for me instead."
Bella's warm kiss landed on his palm. "Your 'karma' has already arrived. You will be bound to me for the rest of your life. I'm a difficult woman to please, you know."
It was still a place of indulgence and debauchery in Pivotage at midnight.
In a luxurious private room, Christopher was negotiating a multi-million-dollar deal with a buyer from Terranova.
If they could successfully ship their batch of new products to Terranova and dominate the market there, it could open up new opportunities, and their initial investment would multiply significantly. When demand and supply increased, the profit would be immeasurable.
Christopher clinked glasses with the buyer, switching between languages. He looked graceful and refined.
Whether it was in his nature or acquired after spending time with Grant, there was always a type of bookish demeanor in Christopher.
But such a gentle and calm man did all sorts of inhumane and heinous deeds in the shadows.
At this moment, someone knocked on the door.
Taylor entered and hurriedly walked over to Christopher, whispering in his ear, "Mr. Christopher, someone from the Larson family is here."
###chapter1969
Upon hearing it, Christopher's eyes darkened. "Ask him to wait for me in another room." After settling his customers down, Christopher excused himself and slipped next door.
Just as Christopher walked through the door, Aaron, who was calming his nerves with alcohol, immediately sprang up and rushed to him. Aaron glared at him with red eyes. "What the hell was that?! How could someone die?!"
"Mr. Larson, I don't understand what you're saying." Christopher smiled nonchalantly.
Aaron was evidently panicked. Although they were alone in the room, he still kept his voice down. "Is there a problem with those drugs you gave me?! I've only spread them out two times. Why is there already someone dead?!"
Christopher was still smiling, brushing it off. "Drugs are poison. Those people are taking poison. Isn't it normal if they died?"
"But they only took it twice before they went mad and died! I've never seen drugs like this!"
"Now you've seen it."
Aaron's expression was stiff and pale. He suddenly grabbed Christopher's collar. "Christopher! Don't play games with me! Do you think you can escape unscathed if anything happened to me? We're in the same boat! If I'm in trouble, I'll definitely drag you down with me!"
"Look at you, so impulsive, crying over such a small matter."
Christopher's smile froze, and he pushed Aaron away, slowly raising his hand to smooth out the wrinkled collar. "This is a new type of drug and has recently entered the market abroad. It's normal if someone takes it for the first time and cannot handle it."
"Then what should we do now?! I heard that someone who took this drug suddenly went mad on the road today and died right there! His death was horrifying, like he had epilepsy!" Aaron panicked. "The police will definitely perform an autopsy on him. If they found that he took drugs and tracked it to the Larson Group, what should we do?!"
"Didn't I ask you to sell those drugs to underground organizations in Savrow and other places?"
Christopher sat gracefully on the
sofa, pouring a glass of whiskey for
himself. His tone was slow and
collected. The man who died belongs to the Southern Star Syndicate. He's a wicked gang member. Who knows what else he might have taken before your drugs? The police won't treat this case seriously." 
"You... How are you so sure?!" Aaron was still doubtful. "No matter what, it's a human life. And he died on the street! How can the police ignore it?!" Christopher smiled contemptuously, shaking his head.
Alvin Larson made it big by selling medicine, which showed that he was smart. But his eldest son was an idiot whose brain was clearly underdeveloped.
"Firstly, he died due to an overdose.
Even if he did take something, it was of his own accord, so it doesn't count as murder. Besides, the drug does have a side effect. It will trigger hidden health issues in people who might not be aware of them. That man who died probably had epilepsy, but he just didn't know it." Christopher sipped wine lazily, mixing truth and lies to handle Aaron. 
After listening to it, Aaron's tense expression eased a little.
"Anyway, just rest assured. The drug is fine. The problem is with the people taking the drugs."
After that, Christopher had a few more drinks with Aaron before having Taylor send him back.
Soon, Taylor returned with a dark
expression. "Mr. Christopher, it looks
like things are getting messy. If
anything goes wrong and the police investigate Aaron, he might fat you out..." 
"Don't worry. It's not that easy. Besides, I won't give Aaron a chance to implicate me."
Despite his words, Christopher's smile faded, and his gaze gradually turned sinister. "But we can confirm that the second round of experiments failed too."
Taylor sighed. "Yes. I've compiled the data and sent it to Ms. Amaryllis. She will send it to the research center in Meridan."
Christopher gritted his teeth frustratingly. The repeated experiment failures caused a fire to burn inside him.
###chapter1970
Christopher's mother suffered from Alzheimer's, and it had reached a critical stage. So he longed for this new drug to save his mother's life.
"Contact Chief Willow and send reliable people to handle this matter properly."
"Understood."
At this moment, his phone vibrated. Seeing the caller ID, Christopher immediately straightened his back and picked up the call after taking a deep breath.
"Sir."
"The experiment failed again?" Grant's voice was smooth and calm, but the tone was oppressive, making Christopher feel suffocated.
Christopher knew the failure had nothing to do with him since he did not develop the drug, but his heart still tightened.
"Yes..."
"It's fine. We have a long way to go."
Grant seemed to be comforting himself, his tone becoming gentler. "But your plan was good. I didn't expect the Larson family to get involved so soon. Chris, I was right about you. It seemed like supporting you back then was the right choice."
Chris... Chris...
The distant memory he cherished flooded his mind.
A young Bella with a delicate, doll-like face stood on a steep hill, basking in the gentle and warm sunlight. Her spirited eyes shone as if they carried the stars inside.
She extended her soft hand toward him. "Don't be scared! I'll pull you up!"
Young Christopher was scared, but with Bella by his side, he forgot about his fear, only thinking about getting close to her.
He grabbed her hand with great difficulty and held it tightly. Hand in hand, they reached the top of the hill.
Thanks to Bella, he saw breathtaking scenery that he could not forget for the rest of his life. A sea of roses grew wildly across the hill, blooming beautifully.
But he only loved the girl beside him.
Christopher blinked away the sting in his eyes as if a needle had pierced his beautiful bubble.
Now, he had nothing-no roses, no Bella.
All that he had was a world woven with bloodlust and desire, pulling him deeper into the abyss.
my
"Everything I am today is thanks to your trust and support. Without you, mother and I would never have the chance to return to Savrow and the Iverson Group." 
"But you must be careful. The
Larson family is no ordinary household. Their youngest son is hitting it off with Asher and has close relationship with the
stil indifferent and emotionel.net
Thompson family." Grant's tone was
you make a wrong move and it
"If
backfires, it would not be worth it." 
"Thanks for your reminder. I'm prepared." Christopher quickly agreed.
"The Larson family is full of scholars, and their pharmaceutical company is worth billions. How did they end up like this?"
Grant's magnetic voice rang out
hauntingly in his ear. "Their company has been researching a new drug recently as well.
Investigate if there are any
problems. It might be useful el.net
leverage." 
Christopher's gaze darkened. "I understand."
###chapter1971
On the day of Yasmin's funeral, the sky unexpectedly cleared up after being gloomy for several days.
In the quiet and solemn cemetery, Ryan stood before Yasmin's tombstone with lowered eyes that were now devoid of any light. He placed a bouquet of chrysanthemums on her grave, while on the side was the broken gemstone.
Soon after, Bella, Justin, Asher, Arnold, Axel, Roza, lan, Amelia, Ralph, Drew, and Dean also stepped forward to offer their flowers and condolences.
The women shed tears quietly, and the men were also engulfed in immense sadness, but they forcefully restrained their emotions as they comforted their partners.
Only Ralph, who was a police officer and was used to seeing death, stood there with reddened eyes, his tears shimmering faintly.
Although he had only met Yasmin a few times, that girl left a deep impression on him each time, especially when they last met in the amusement park.
Back then, he thought Yasmin was cold and aloof, rarely smiling. But during the last interaction, he found out that she was a humorous and fun girl who loved to laugh and talk.
In his mind, Ralph saw Yasmin wearing a pink bunny mascot costume, touching his shoulder, and asking him for pictures.
Suddenly, he could no longer hold back his tears. He lowered his head, his fingertips trembled as he quickly wiped his eyes.
He had not yet sent her those photos. But he no longer had a chance to do so...
"Yasmin, rest in peace." Ryan stared at Yasmin's bright and smiling face in the colorless photo. His battered heart seemed to shatter into pieces and was dispersed silently by the wind blowing through the cemetery.
"I hope I can still meet you in our next life... I'll be the one to protect you then."
Beautiful words were carved on the tombstone, with her full name-Yasmin Hoffman.
Yasmin was an orphan. After being adopted into the Hoffman family, she took the Hoffman family name. The name "Yasmin" was given by Ryan's father.
At that time, there was a field of jasmine flowers in the Hoffman family's garden. In the distance, the field of flowers looked extremely romantic.
"The girl with you is not only beautiful, but she also has a type of thriving energy, much like the field of jasmines in our yard. Let's call her Yasmin." Jasmine symbolized love, romance, and purity of the soul. Everything seemed destined by fate.
At this moment, steady footsteps approached. The crowd looked up, completely surprised. "Carrie?!"
A few steps away, Carrie sat in a wheelchair, wearing a loose hospital gown and wrapped in a thick blanket. It made her look more pale and fragile, causing the others to feel distressed and heartbroken. 
Matt stood by her side, silently guarding her.
"Carrie!" Ryan's dim eyes finally lit up. He strode over with a worried expression. He kneeled before her and held her thin hands tightly.
But he felt he could never hold it tight enough. "You're still so weak. How could you come out like this?!"
Justin and Bella came over nervously as well. Seeing that Carrie's mental state had stabilized compared to the last time, they could not help but look at Matt. "Last night, Mr. Grant sent someone to deliver the medicine. Ms. Carrie did the procedure, and it was indeed effective."
Matt saw through them and said
gently, "Mr. Justin, Ms. Bella, and Mr.
Ryan, please rest assured. Mr.
Gregory and Old Master Nigel knew
about me bringing Ms. Carrie here. The bodyguards, servants, and doctors are waiting outside the cemetery. Ms. Carrie will get immediate treatment if she shows any signs of discomfort."
Upon hearing it, Bella and Justin's expressions were a little complicated, especially Justin's. His handsome face darkened, and his grip on Bella's hand tightened. "Ah... Ah... I..."
Carrie's small hands moved in Ryan's warm palm, and her pale lips parted, but she could only make simple sounds.
"Carrie, you want to see Yasmin, right?" Ryan asked gently.
Carrie nodded, tears welling up beneath her eyes.
Ryan took a deep breath and pushed her wheelchair toward the tombstone. When the couple passed by, Ralph closed his eyes in pain and restraint.
Even now, he still loved Carrie. No matter what happened, love could not be changed.
However, he was far from deserving of such a good woman.
If he had not been so careless that day and stayed by her side in the amusement park, perhaps none of this would have happened. Carrie would not be kidnapped, and Yasmin would not die... 
Drew, who was standing outside of the crowd, also carried a hint of sorrow.
Suddenly, his gaze froze. Standing in the distant woods was a graceful figure dressed in black.
###chapter1972
Drew's expression remained neutral as his deep gaze stared straight at the forest. The person in the woods seemed to have noticed his gaze and quickly hid behind a tree trunk. Sitting in the wheelchair, Carrie stared deeply at Yasmin's portrait, tears streaming all over her face. She cried without making a sound.
Bella was worried that the excessive grief might affect Carrie's health, so she gently placed her warm hands on Carrie's shoulder, offering silent comfort.
Carrie's eyes, swollen and red from crying, trembled lightly. She slowly took out a brand-new teddy from under the blanket wrapped around her.
Bella was surprised. The teddy looked identical to the one she gave her back then.
"This teddy is unavailable in the country now. I asked someone to buy it abroad following Ms. Carrie's orders." Matt was also affected by the sad atmosphere, his voice a little hoarse.
Carrie wanted to get up from the wheelchair, but perhaps because she had been bedridden for too long, she could not muster any strength in her legs.
Ralph immediately saw through her intentions and instinctively took half a step forward.
But Ryan had already lifted Carrie and gently placed her on the ground, his hand on the small of her back, becoming her solid support.
Carrie sniffed, her nose red, as she placed the teddy in front of the tombstone. 'Yasmin... Treat this clumsy teddy as me. Let it accompany you in my place. That way, you won't feel lonely in your eternal rest.'
After the funeral, the group slowly walked out of the cemetery.
"Arnold." Bella quickly caught up with Asher and Arnold, whispering, "Can I trouble you with something?"
"We're a family. There's no such thing as trouble. Just tell me." Arnold's narrow eyes were gentle.
He secretly played with Asher's fingers, and Asher merely looked ahead indifferently, letting him fiddle with his hand like a child.
Bella said seriously, "When we return, I'd like you to examine the medicine delivered by Grant to test if it's reliable. I can't rest easy with something that's not given by someone we know well." "No problem. Leave it to me." Arnold patted his chest.
"Bella, did you see Drew?" Axel walked over while holding Roza's hand. "He was here just now but disappeared in the blink of an eye."
"He's an adult. He won't get lost." Asher spoke calmly, intertwining his fingers with Arnold's.
"Yeah, didn't you see all the trees there? Perhaps he's taking a nap on one of the trees." Bella casually guessed.
Roza blinked in surprise. "Sleeping in the cemetery? Isn't Drew afraid of ghosts?"
Axel was amused. He pulled her into his arms and said, "You should ask whether ghosts are afraid of Drew."
Ryan carried Carrie to the car and was about to get in when he heard heavy footsteps coming from behind him.
He turned around and saw Ralph standing straight behind him.
"Ryan, I..."
"It's not your fault."
Before Ralph
finished his sentence, Ryan understood and interrupted his words. "Besides, I haven't thanked you yet You gave Carrie what, Khad never given her before. You taught me what love is and how to love." 
Ralph stared at him in a daze, tears gathering in his eyes. Yet his heart, crushed and squeezed by guilt and regret, slowly regained its rhythmic beat, breaking free from the endless self-loathing. 
He could not forgive himself, but the person who should hate him the most forgave him, trying their best to help him find peace.
"From now on... If you and Carrie need any help, remember to call me." Ralph's voice was husky.
He was not good with fancy words and only spoke from his heart.
"Can I?" Ryan's eyes curved. His tone was sincere. "I can call you up for anything?"
Ralph smiled. "I'll definitely be there for you and Carrie's big day with grand gifts. I'm only worried won't send me an invite." 
"You are Carrie's family, someone very important to her. How could I not invite you?"
###chapter1973
Ryan lowered his head, looking somewhat embarrassed. "I'm only worried you won't come."
Ralph choked up and stepped forward to give him a big hug.
Back in the car, Carrie was wrapped in a blanket, obediently leaning against the window to rest.
Her body was still too weak. Even though she was in a wheelchair the entire time, going out was still a little too much for her current state.
"The window is cold. Lean against me." Ryan spread his long arms and gently pulled her into his embrace, resting his chin on her head and rubbing her hair softly. The car drove toward the hospital smoothly.
Carrie lay against the man's chest and suddenly felt something hard. She raised her head and looked at him in confusion.
"Did it poke you?" Ryan hesitated and then took out Yasmin's diary from his chest pocket.
"Ah! Ah!" Carrie's red eyes widened.
Once, when Ryan was on a business trip, she could not fall asleep at night and went to search for Yasmin in her room.
She unintentionally saw Yasmin writing something in this pink notebook. When Yasmin saw her, she hid the notebook in a panic, her pretty face flushing. "Carrie, this is Yasmin's diary."
Ryan handed the notebook to her. His breath hitched as he said, "I think she had feelings for me... I don't want to keep it from you."
Carrie lowered her eyes and did not take it. Her thin body wriggled in the blanket for a while before she pulled out her phone.
She opened the notes app and typed something, showing it to Ryan. [I know. Yasmin has always loved you dearly.]
Ryan's pupils contracted. His throat felt dry and hoarse. "Carrie, how did you know? Did she tell you?!"
Carrie shook her head lightly, typing again. [I was with Yasmin every day. She took care of me, so I had many chances to get to know her. Ryan, you were with her every day too. Couldn't you see it? When you love someone, you can't hide it in your eyes. I sensed it a long time ago.]
Ryan's mouth hung open in shock. At this moment, he was the one at a loss for words.
Indeed, no matter how hard Yasmin tried to conceal it, love was something that could not be hidden.
But he could completely ignore a girl's feelings for him. He had never really cared for her.
A drop of tears fell on the screen, so Carrie quickly wiped it away.
[Yasmin was always by your side for so many years. That was her confession. Her accompaniment was the longest declaration of love.]
Early in the morning, Yvonne had been waiting silently in the cemetery.
She witnessed the entire funeral from a distance, participating in each part of the ceremony in her own way.
Finally, she leaned down and placed a pure white chrysanthemum beside a tree. When she straightened her back streams of tears had strained
her
cheeks. 
She knew that Yasmin was also an unfortunate soul, like her. Although Yasmin died, Yasmin was still the lucky one.
Her luck came from the fact that the man she dedicated and sacrificed her life for was worth it.
But for Yvonne, it seemed that from the moment she took Christopher's hand, her life was destined to be a tragedy. Yvonne could not escape.
Just as she turned around to leave,
a warm hand caught her cold wrist. The next second, her body was
pulled backward by a strong force, her frail back colliding with a
rock-hard chest. 
Yvonne panicked and struggled like a butterfly preparing to spread its wings in the man's embrace, but it was futile.
"Trying to run?" Drew's voice was husky and deep, whispering into her reddened ears.
"Of course..."
Yvonne was pressed close against
him, feeling every hard part of his
body her back. "After all, I'm
not supposed to appear here."
Wo
Upon hearing it, Drew chuckled. He playfully raised his brows. "Catching you was hard enough. I won't let you go without some fun."
###chapter1974
Chapter 1974
Fun?
Yvonne's originally pounding heart skipped a beat for some reason. Her body, wrapped in the heat of male hormones, gradually cooled down.
No matter who it was, whether Christopher or those powerful men she had to entertain, they all treated her as a plaything.
She was delusional to think that Drew would be different from those men. It turned out he was not.
Yvonne slightly held her breath, suppressing the pain in her heart. She smiled bitterly, her eyes glistening with a barely noticeable tear.
"Mr. Drew, you're in a good mood today. How do you want to play?" She spoke in a seductive voice.
However, Drew's teasing gaze immediately darkened. He grabbed her shoulders and pushed her against the tree trunk.
His dark and clear eyes were fixed on her. His gaze finally landed on her heaving chest, as if he wanted to see through her heart. "You look good in this."
His tone was still playful and unserious.
Yvonne's heart skipped a beat, her flushed face burning with embarrassment. She raised her hand, trying to take off the black trench coat.
"Wear it."
Drew pressed down on her hand holding the coat, pulling it tighter instead. "It's chilly. You'd catch a cold."
Yvonne felt the warmth radiating from the man's calloused palms. That real and reassuring sensation made her nose tingle.
When she blinked, a drop of tear rolled down her cheek.
Just as Yvonne wanted to wipe it away, the man suddenly pinched her chin, leaning down to gently kiss the tear away from her cheek.
Yvonne's eyes widened. She felt as if an electric current had spread throughout her veins.
Her fair and slender legs, hidden beneath the black trench coat, were about to give out. Her back slid down the tree trunk, but Drew grabbed her waist, holding her steady in time.
"Tell me. Why are you crying?" His hot breath brushed against her, and he rubbed her waist.
Yvonne panted lightly, her voice muffled and soft. "None of your business."
"Is it because I'm such a good person that you're moved to tears? Hmm?" Drew tilted his head, his breath growing heavier.
From a distance, their figures seemed to have merged into one. The scene was too intimate and suggestive.
They did nothing, but it felt like they did everything.
"You're not a good person!"
Yvonne suddenly pushed him away, running into the depths of the forest without looking back.
She fled, but Drew did not chase after her. She did not want him to either.
The moment the man kissed her tear away, her heart was filled with joy and fear.
She thought, 'Drew, don't treat me so well. You'll regret it... You'll definitely regret it!'
Drew stood still in place. After a while, he slowly turned around with a dark gaze, staring in another direction.
The forest was silent, and he was alone.
"When will you be willing to give me your heart?" He lifted his hands, rubbing his lips with his finger, which seemed to have the lingering warmth of the woman's tears. "I can't wait to close the net."
Ilis net would catch not only Christopher but also Yvonne.
In the evening, Yvonne returned to Pivotage. Taylor immediately led her to Christopher.
"Mr. Christopher, you wanted to meet me?"
Christopher stood on the balcony, teasing a colorful parrot trapped in a golden cage.
He remained silent, so she did not dare to speak, lowering her head and waiting.
"The day Carrie was kidnapped..."
Yvonne tensed immediately, alarm bells ringing in her heart.
"That woman called Yasmin, who worked for Ryan, found Carrie's location so quickly. Did you leak the news to her?"
Yvonne's expression remained calm, but her vision went black as if she were falling into an endless abyss. "That day, you and Jace went to intercept Ralph and Yasmin. You guys even fought."
Christopher's eyes narrowed, plucking a red feather from the parrot, causing the bird to flutter its wings violently in the cage in pain. "Jace is our boss's confidant, so I can trust him. I have no choice but to suspect you."
###chapter1975
Chapter 1975
Yvonne's heart pounded like a drum, and her insides tightened into a knot. But no matter how panicked she was, her eyes were calm as a still lake, without any emotions.
Her extraordinary mental resilience was trained by Christopher, but now, she had to use it against him.
Seeing that Yvonne did not speak, Christopher curled his lips into an evil smirk, and he slowly walked to
her.
Suddenly, the man swiftly drew a gun from behind his back and pressed the dark barrel against Yvonne's sweaty forehead.
"Mr. Christopher!" Standing at the side, Taylor felt the blood drain from his face. His heart almost jumped out of his chest.
"Yvonne, are you the traitor? Answer me." Christopher's eyes were dark as he questioned.
Yvonne stared straight at his gloomy and bloodthirsty eyes.
She remained silent.
"Answer me!" The veins on Christopher's hand bulged as he roared.
"Yes." Yvonne knew she had no way out.
Christopher pointed a gun at her head, not to interrogate her but to confirm that she was the one who leaked the information.
His cold-blooded nature drove him to watch the woman he raised and shaped into a replica of Bella cry and beg before him.
Christopher hated Yvonne but enjoyed the pleasure of torturing her.
He was a complete psychopath, a despicable madman!
Yvonne's trembling gaze immediately became fearless as she looked into Christopher's reddened eyes.
"It's me. I revealed Carrie's location to Yasmin. At this point, I have nothing to explain. Do whatever you want to me."
She had enough. She was done with this life. Death would be a relief for her.
But... She would no longer have the chance to see those bright, joyous eyes again.
Christopher's pale face turned even more ashen, his grip on the gun tightening, and his chest heaved violently.
The moment he pulled the safety, Yvonne's heart stopped beating. She closed her eyes in despair. Click!
The trigger was pulled.
The empty and luxurious room was so quiet that they could hear a pin drop. However, the terrifying gunshot was not heard.
Yvonne's heart tightened as she slowly opened her eyes. Her face soaked with sweat...
"Pfft... Hahaha!"
Christopher suddenly laughed like a mischievous child, pulling the trigger a few more times at Yvonne."
I'm just messing with you. Look how scared you are!"
Taylor's tensed nerves relaxed all of a sudden, and he nearly collapsed to the ground.
Yvonne stared at him coldly, feeling an empty hole in her chest as a chilling wind swept through.
"Yvonne, tell me honestly. Why did you leak the information? Hmm?" Christopher pinched her wet chin, his thumb rubbing her lips ambiguously.
Yvonne felt a wave of disgust, but she knew that he was giving her a chance to explain, so she kept calm. "Because I want to gain Bella's and Justin's trust. If I offered them valuable information, they would start to see me differently, and Drew would also have a different opinion of me. If I could become a double spy, I might have the opportunity to gather beneficial information from Bella and Justin." Christopher narrowed his eyes, seemingly satisfied with her answer.
###chapter1976
Chapter 1976
The next moment, Christopher's hand holding the gun moved behind Yvonne. He pulled her by the waist to press her tightly against himself.
"You did well this time. Not only do I not blame you for what happened, but I'd like to commend you for it. Thanks to you, that woman by Ryan's side is dead. She lost her composure, acted rashly, and fell into Liam's trap because you leaked the information to her. She lost her life because of that. It caused Ryan immense pain, even turning his hair white overnight."
Yvonne's face was expressionless.
She felt like every word he spoke was like a knife stabbing into her heart, peeling away chunks of her flesh, and leaving behind a mess of shame and agony.
"Continue to follow your plans and act freely. I know you won't disappoint me."
Christopher released her. His playful gaze traced the curves of her waist. "You look really good in Drew Brown's coat. Remember to wear this at his funeral."
When Yvonne returned to her room, the setting sun outside the window dyed her pale face with a layer of tragic red.
She stumbled to the full-length mirror and slowly took off the black trench coat.
In the mirror, she was naked. Her trembling, slender body was covered in shameful bruises. Those were proof of what Christopher had done to her all afternoon.
The seemingly gentlemanly beast had not truly taken her. However, he tormented her in every possible
way.
Throughout the man's cruel acts, she did not make a sound. She just laid there like a corpse.
In fact, she had already died long ago.
Even though Christopher's gun had no bullets, the moment he pulled the trigger, it was as if he had killed
her.
Yvonne tilted her head back slightly, but tears streamed down her cheeks uncontrollably, washing over her face repeatedly.
Time was running out for her.
Next time, Christopher would surely use a loaded gun.
Just then, there was a knock on the door.
She recognized the knock and hurriedly wiped away her tears. She put on her clothes and went to open the door.
"Ms. Smith!"
It was the young bodyguard, Oscar, who was on good terms with her. He looked at her with concern. "Are you alright?"
"Come in quickly," Yvonne said, letting him into the room.
Oscar immediately took out a box of ointment from his pocket and handed it to Yvonne. "We use this often. It's very effective. Here, apply it."
He was also one of Christopher's men, so he knew what had happened that afternoon.
"Thanks..." Yvonne's fingers trembled as she took it, and her voice choked with emotion.
"Ms. Smith, you're living such a hard life. Haven't you ever thought about..." Oscar's eyes reddened, his words stopping midway.
"I have, Oscar."
Yvonne took a deep breath, tears clinging to her eyelashes. "I've thought about it for a long time, even in my dreams. But I have no choice."
"Why not? There has to be a way!" Oscar leaned closer, his eyes wide with concern. "You can turn to Ms. Thompson and Mr. Salvador! Even if Christopher's business abroad is huge, he's no match for the Salvadors and the Thompsons domestically! I'll keep an eye on Christopher's activities. Together, we can definitely find evidence to bring him down!"
"You're too naive..."
Yvonne shook her head with a bitter smile. "I've been with Mr. Iverson since I was young. I know his methods too well. Even when I was his trusted aide, I couldn't see everything. You're just one of his bodyguards. You're not always by his side. It's impossible for you to get valuable evidence. If he notices anything, you won't even be able to protect yourself. My life is worthless. It'll be fine if I die. But I don't want any innocent people to get involved because of me. That would be worse than death."
Besides, Christopher had the Boss's backing.
Over the years, Yvonne had accompanied Christopher to Meridan several times. Yet, she had never seen the Boss's face.
However, she knew well that the Boss was an adversary that even Bella and Justin might struggle to contend with.
###chapter1977
Chapter 1977
Silence filled the air. The pair sat there helplessly, as if abandoned on a stormy, deserted island.
"There's something that might be helpful to you." Oscar suddenly remembered something. He lowered his voice and said, "The night before last, the eldest son of the Larson Group, Aaron Larson came to see Christopher. They had a long conversation in a private room."
Yvonne frowned.
"That guy came in looking like he was ready to chew someone up. But after talking to Christopher, he seemed much calmer when he left. I was at the door with another bodyguard. But the soundproofing of the room prevented any sounds from escaping. So, I couldn't hear anything." Oscar sighed in frustration.
However, this bit of information was enough to spark an idea in Yvonne.
The Larson Group was a leading pharmaceutical company in the country.
As far as Yvonne knew, Christopher had been helping the boss operate pharmaceutical businesses domestically, and his first goal would be to suppress the Larson Group.
Christopher was ruthless and would never collaborate with the Larsons.
So, his meeting with Aaron must have been to set some insidious trap for him.
"Oscar, keep a close watch on Taylor from now on. Christopher will always have Taylor do the dirty work he can't do. We'll definitely find clues to Christopher's scheme against the Larson Group from him."
Oscar nodded firmly. "Alright, I'll keep a close eye on him!"
Yvonne could not care less about the Larsons' fate. However, she knew this was an opportunity.
As long as she collected enough evidence, she could have Drew hand them over to Bella just like last time. This way, the shady underworld that was Pivotage would eventually crumble.
When Taylor came to see Christopher with freshly decanted red wine, he immediately understood what had happened from the state of the room.
He set down the tray and hesitated before handing over a photograph.
"This was taken by the person you sent to follow Ms. Smith today."
Christopher lounged lazily on the sofa with a whip in his left hand. He raised his right hand and took the photograph between his fingers.
In the photo, Drew pinned Yvonne against a tree and gently kissed her cheek. It was an incredibly tender
scene.
"Look how captivated Yvonne was."
Christopher sneered, a mocking smile playing on his lips. "She used to only look at me like that when she was by my side. It seems she truly loves Drew."
Taylor furrowed his brows tightly. "Mr. Iverson, what do you plan to do about this..."
"Although she's been with me for many years, I can't keep a woman who's given her heart to another man around."
Christopher's eyes were half-closed as he curled his lips into a smirk. "But in the spirit of making the
most of what one has, let's keep her around a little longer. After all, she's a bait to lure Drew into the trap. Isn't that right?"
"You're right."
Having worked with Yvonne for many years, Taylor had a certain fondness for her and always treated her with care.
However, if Christopher decreed Yvonne's death, even the god of hell would not be able to save her. Just then, Taylor's phone vibrated.
He picked up, listened for a while, and then hung up.
"Mr. Iverson, our men in Terranova have some news for us. Thanks to your arrangement, Ryan's sister, Zoe, has become a prostitute. Numerous powerful men have been abusing her every day, and she is now enduring intense suffering. In less than a month, she has contracted various diseases and can no longer see clients. She's been locked in a basement and hasn't eaten for three days. It seems she might not make it
"Well, considering how she once served me, it's best to grant her a quick end," Christopher said, his tone
nonchalant.
Taylor knew what Christopher implied. "Understood."
"See,
, this is what real vengeance looks like. Ryan is too soft-hearted to ever amount to anything."
Christopher sighed softly. "I'm doing all these for Bella. It's a pity that despite everything, she will never understand my true feelings..."
###chapter1978
Chapter 1978
Under Bella's request, Arnold immediately tested the medication sent by Grant after returning.
Surprisingly, the medication turned out to be quite effective, with the only side effects being lethargy and drowsiness. It posed no significant harm to the body.
In the reception room, Bella looked at the clear data on the test report, confused.
"What's the name of this medicine?"
"I don't know." Arnold shook his head.
Bella was surprised to hear this.
"I don't know its name, but the ingredients are almost identical to a drug developed a year ago by the RC Biotech Research Centre in Meridan for treating mental illness. However, that drug only had a series of announcements, and they have not officially released it yet. I'm not sure if this is the same one developed by RC."
Arnold sighed with relief. "Fortunately, this medication has no major issues. It's also beneficial for Carrie's condition. Otherwise, giving an unapproved drug to a patient would seem like experimenting on humans."
Just then, there was a leisurely knock at the door.
Bella walked over and opened it. Upon seeing the person, her pupils contracted in surprise. "Mr. Grant?" Sitting in a wheelchair, Grant was alone at the door. His face showed a warm smile as he looked up at Bella. "Ms. Thompson, I'll be returning to Meridan soon. May I have a word with you in private?"
At the balcony at the end of the corridor, Bella stood beside Grant. Her radiant face was bathed in the golden glow of the sunset. She looked like an untouchable goddess.
The man turned his refined face toward her, his gaze deep and intent.
"Mr. Grant, is there something you'd like to discuss with me?" Bella deliberately avoided his gaze.
"I'll be leaving for Meridan tonight," Grant's tone was gentle and elegant.
"Have a safe trip back."
"Before I leave, I'd like to fulfill my promise to you."
Bella felt puzzled. However, Grant opened his palm in front of her, revealing three pills identical to those Carrie had been taking.
"You..."
Before Bella could react, the man had already swallowed the pills. He consumed them in one gulp. "I told you, I would take the medication with Carrie to assure you that there's nothing wrong with the medicine I provide."
Bella's elegant brows were knit together. "I never said I didn't trust you. You didn't have to do that."
"I wanted to keep my promise to you." Grant's voice was slightly hoarse. His eyes were a deep amber, ready to ensnare anyone who gazed into them too long. "Especially when it concerns Carrie's health, I can't afford to be careless. Don't forget, I'm her eldest brother."
"Thank you for the medication. Carrie's condition has improved a lot."
Bella paused, her gaze probing as she looked at Grant. "Mr. Grant, did you get this medicine from the RC Biotech Research Centre in Meridan?"
"Yes," the man admitted readily.
###chapter1979
Chapter 1979
Grant's honesty caught Bella completely off guard.
Initially, she thought that if Grant denied the medicine came from RC Biotech, it would indicate he was hiding something. It would likely be a problem with either him or the medicine. Even if it were not the specific drug Carrie was taking, it would still reveal something suspicious.
But now she was at a loss for words.
"To be clear, it's not just RC Biotech. I have dealings with many medical research institutions in Meridan." Grant coughed lightly with a helpless smile. "Over the years, I've been a lab rat, trying countless types of medication. I've tried anything that might improve my condition. Due to this, I've come to be familiar with RC Biotech and understand more about their drugs."
"Mr. Grant, with the advancements in modern medicine, your health will definitely improve if you persist." As a kind-hearted person, Bella offered Grant, someone tormented by long-term pain, the most basic comfort.
At this moment, neither of them noticed that Justin stood hidden in the shadows on the balcony, observing everything with his dark eyes.
"Ms. Thompson, do you truly wish for my recovery?" Grant's gentle eyes curved into a smile. "After all, I'm the eldest son of the Salvador family. If I recover, I might compete with Justin for the position of heir. Do you really want to see that?"
Bella's rosy lips curled slightly, bright and clear. "Mr. Grant, if Justin's position as heir comes at the cost of your lifelong health, then honestly, that position isn't worth it. First of all, I love Justin for who he is. His background and status mean nothing to me. Even if he were to sever ties with the Salvador Corporation one day, I wouldn't hold any grudges against him. It wouldn't diminish my love for him in the slightest."
Grant furrowed his brows.
Hidden in the dark, Justin widened his eyes. His heart swelled with emotion.
"I would like to see your family united, supporting each other through thick and thin, not scheming against each other like the Iversons, resulting in fratricide. If your health improves someday, Justin and I would be genuinely happy for you. And if you wish to compete for the position of heir, then please do so fairly with Justin."
Bella's open-hearted confession showcased her altruism and leadership qualities.
"Ms. Thompson, your sincere feelings for Justin make me quite envious," Grant said, gazing at her intensely. His eyes were deep and warm, filled with earnest longing.
Bella smiled gently. "As long as you treat others with sincerity, you will also find your own happiness someday, Mr. Grant."
"I'll take your kind words to heart."
Grant shot a meaningful glance as he slowly turned his wheelchair, indicating he was about to leave.
Justin's dark eyes narrowed, his tall figure swiftly slipping behind a wall.
His heart pounded inexplicably hard.
"By the way, Ms. Thompson."
Grant paused, turning back. His tone carried a hint of concern. "While I was in Meridan, I heard about your
situation. Since then, I've been searching for a way to help you. I have some promising leads now. There's not only medication that might help, but I've also found a well-known gynecologist. She has been a private doctor for royal family members and the first lady. Besides, she has encountered similar cases multiple times. Under her care, you have more than a 60% chance of recovery. You are such a young and outstanding individual. It would be a real pity if you lost the chance to be a mother."
Upon hearing this, Justin felt his heart clench tighter and tighter, almost to the point of stopping.
His eyes grew slightly teary, tinged with a faint red, and his hands, with distinct knuckles, trembled as they clutched his clothes.
###chapter1980
Chapter 1980
Bella's face suddenly darkened. "Mr. Grant, whether I can or want to have children is my private matter. Your concern is unnecessary."
"As Justin's elder brother, I know him well. I know he loves kids. His care for Carrie when we were younger showed his fatherly nature. Even if he doesn't say it, I know he would love to have a child with you."
Bella's breath hitched, and a wave of pain swept through her heart.
"Perhaps I'm overstepping the boundaries, but everything I do is for your happiness." Grant spoke softly and earnestly. "If you follow through with the treatment and your condition gets better, Justin will be happy, and you won't have any regrets, too. Isn't that right? I'll have everything arranged once I return. You can come for the treatment anytime."
With that, he turned to leave.
"I won't go." Bella's voice was cold and determined. "Being with Justin is more than enough for me. Besides, not every woman in this world wants to be a mother. For instance, I don't. I'm still a child at heart, and now I'm the heir to KS Group, busy dealing with countless issues daily. I don't have time to raise a child. From now on, you don't need to worry about such matters."
Grant's lips curled slightly as he left the balcony in his wheelchair.
After going a short distance, he slowed down, his eyes narrowing as he glanced back into the shadows behind him.
After Grant left, Bella stood alone on the windy balcony. However, she did not feel the chill.
At this moment, her heart felt colder than anything.
If she could, she would certainly want to have a child with the man she loved most.
If someone else had offered help, she might have considered it. But the person who offered to help was none other than Grant.
The last time she had even the slightest interaction with him, Justin felt extremely anxious about it. Accepting Grant's help would only cause more pain for Justin...
Bella stood with her arms crossed, gazing at the bleak scenery in the distance, lost in thought.
Suddenly, she felt a warm embrace from behind and turned around in surprise.
"Justin?"
Justin wrapped his suit around her, pulling her deeply into his arms from behind.
His sharp jaw rested against her neck. Their faces pressed together as they bathed in the golden light of the setting sun. It was a scene of intense, beautiful affection.
"Bella..." Justin's voice was hushed and full of sorrow.
"What's wrong?" Bella placed her hands over his, which was resting gently on her slender waist.
"I don't want a child, Bella... I really don't."
Bella's eyes widened, her heart pounding. "You heard everything earlier..."
"Don't believe what he says. I've never cared about whether or not you can have a child, not in the past,
and not now." Justin's voice grew muffled, his chest aching with pain. "I only need you. Having you is enough for me."
"I know. You've said that many times." Her tone was light and reassuring.
"But if one day you do want a child, you have to tell me. I'm willing to try any method for you, even if it means asking my big brother for help..."
"I thought the same, too." Bella smiled softly, understandingly. "If you ever want a child, don't hide it from me. No matter what it takes, I'll be willing to try."
As time passed, besides managing the current situation with the Hoffman Group, Ryan moved into the hospital. He dedicated himself to caring for Carrie as much as possible.
Companionship and love were truly the best medicine for everything.
Though sadness lingered, Carrie gradually emerged from the shadows, responding well to treatment. She no longer needed a wheelchair and could stroll in the hospital garden, soaking up the sunshine. However, she still could not speak.
During this period, Arnold conducted several examinations. Yet, he still could not restore her ability to speak.
One day, after he finished tending to Carrie, Ryan walked out of the ward carrying a basin of water and accidentally ran into Arnold.
"Dr. Larson."
"Hehe, you're getting quite skilled at caring for her. Your movements are more nimble than the caregivers now." Arnold's eyes narrowed into a smile of satisfaction.
"There's still a long way to go. I need to learn a lot more. I'm committed to caring for her for the rest of my life," Ryan replied with a slightly naive smile, genuinely content.
Arnold pressed his lips together. "I'm sorry. Despite all this time, I still haven't managed to get Carrie to speak."
"It's alright."
"Although it's hard to talk about this, I must tell you that you should prepare for the possibility that Carrie may never be able to speak again."
As a doctor, Arnold could not hide his guilt. "However, there is still a chance she might recover in the future, though I can't say when that might be."
"It's okay. I know you've done your best, Dr. Larson. No matter what happens to her, I'll stay by her side." "Chairman Hoffman!" Dean hurried over from the other end of the hallway. "There's something you need to know."
Seeing that they needed to speak privately, Arnold took his leave.
Dean's expression was somber as he lowered his voice. "Just now, the Terranova police contacted me. They found Zoe's body on a mountain the day before yesterday. She had been dead for five days."
###chapter1981
Chapter 1981
Ryan's deep gaze abruptly sharpened. For a moment, his vision blurred.
"She's dead?"
"Yes... She died a terrible death. By the time someone found her body, it was nearly unrecognizable."
Dean's brows furrowed as he continued in a low voice, "The police discovered during the autopsy that someone had sexually assaulted her. She also contracted severe sexually transmitted diseases, and her lower body was severely ulcerated."
Ryan closed his reddened eyes, his hand gripping the water basin and trembling with visible veins.
"Who did it?"
"Multiple people." Dean's tongue pressed against his teeth. "After arriving in Terranova, they sent Zoe to an underground club. It was essentially a high-end brothel. The brothel primarily used girls there for the sexual service of high-ranking officials in Terranova. Anyone who ended up there faced the inevitable outcome of getting played to death. Even if Zoe didn't get killed outright, her final fate would've been the same."
Ryan lowered his pale eyelids.
A mix of intense, bitter, and confused emotions churned his insides, leaving him unable to speak for a long while.
He undoubtedly hated Zoe.
Even when he personally sent her off on that smuggling ship, leaving her to fend for herself in a foreign land, his heart was still burning with the flames of hatred.
However, upon learning of her tragic death, he found he could not hate her anymore. It felt as if a black, gaping hole had opened in his heart, swallowing all the love and hate he had accumulated over twenty years and dragging them into an endless abyss, never to be seen again.
"Chairman Hoffman, if I may speak frankly, you have no reason to grieve for Zoe, even if she is your sister,"
Dean's gaze was cold and filled with deep-seated hatred. "If it weren't for her, Young Madam wouldn't have ended up like this. If it weren't for her, my master and the entire Hoffman family wouldn't have suffered like this... A life for a life is no loss to her."
"Head to Terranova tonight and bring Zoe's ashes back."
Ryan spoke with a dark expression. "After that, investigate what she went through during her time there." "Mr. Hoffman!"
"Dean, I'm not seeking revenge for Zoe. The past is the past. She is dead now, and all the hatred should be put to rest."
Ryan suppressed his inner turmoil, his gaze steady. "I've heard of that underground club in Terranova. Whoever sent Zoe there must be someone familiar with the Hoffman Group. There are only two possible reasons for targeting her. It's either for revenge or to silence her."
Dean's eyes widened in realization.
"Any schemes or plots involving Zoe are now irrelevant. But I must remain vigilant in case they strike at the Hoffmans again."
Dean nodded vigorously, "Yes, sir!"
As the two finished their discussion, they noticed people from the Salvador family approaching them.
"Ryan!" Nigel greeted him with a warm smile, waving at him.
Ryan quickly handed the basin to Dean, wiped his wet hands on his trousers, and hurried over to greet him.
"Grandpa Nigel, Chairman Salvador." He bowed deeply.
"Look at this child, so polite. Even now as the Hoffman Group's chairman, you remain modest and
unassuming. It's truly commendable," Nigel said with a broad smile.
Gregory, who once saw Ryan as a frivolous young man, now finds him increasingly likable as he matures.
Ryan walked into the ward with the Salvador father-son duo to visit Carrie.
Upon hearing the noise, the girl lying in bed slowly opened her tender eyes. "Ah..."
"Carrie, my good girl..."
Nigel sat by the bed, gently holding her hand, his eyes glistening with tears as he forced a smile. "Hehe... You've gained a bit of weight. It seems Ryan has been taking good care of you. Ryan, make sure to feed her well, like a little pig!"
"Dad, no girl wants to become a pig!" Gregory interjected, "Besides, she won't look good in a wedding dress that way."
Ryan stood rigidly in place, his heart pounding heavily.
"Ah... Ah..." Carrie's pale face flushed with a hint of color.
She propped herself up. Ryan quickly moved to support her, her blushing face resting against his abdomen.
###chapter1982
Chapter 1982
"Tsk, your father can't keep any secrets." Nigel dropped the pretense, his face lighting up with joy. "Ryan, to be honest, Gregory and I came here today to formally discuss your marriage with Carrie."
"Grandpa Nigel..." Overwhelmed with emotion, Ryan's breath grew heavy, and his words came out in a jumble. "Grandpa... I..."
Suddenly, his tears flowed uncontrollably, as if his tear ducts had burst.
Overwhelmed with joy, he wept uncontrollably, his tears flowing like a torrential flood.
With her frail frame, Carrie hugged him tightly. Her flushed face caught each of his burning tears.
Though she could not speak, her tender, contented gaze offered him immense comfort.
"Good girl, there's no need to say anything. I understand."
Nigel's eyes misted over as he joined the hands of the two young people. "I'm getting old, and so is Gregory. The one who can walk with Carrie until the end, who can love and cherish her all her life, is none other than you. Your days ahead will be filled with happiness."
"Grandpa Nigel, Chairman Salvador... I will definitely make Carrie... happy," Ryan promised, entwining his fingers with hers. Each word was a heartfelt vow.
"Ah...." Carrie knelt by the bed, gently wiping away his tears.
"Still calling me Chairman Salvador? Isn't it time to address me differently?"
As he finished the sentence, Gregory felt embarrassed and then coughed awkwardly. "Ahem, we'll discuss it further once you're officially married..."
"Dad!" Ryan called out urgently, almost impatiently.
Gregory was startled. His heart pounded loudly, momentarily forgetting how to respond.
"Tsk, can't you hear him calling you?" Nigel nudged him with his elbow.
Gregory snapped back to reality. He took a deep breath and forced a reassuring smile.
The beginning of next month was Carrie's birthday.
Ryan planned to take her to register their marriage that day and arrange a grand, romantic proposal. However, Carrie, who saw through his intentions, refused.
She did not even want a wedding ceremony.
Yasmin's presence alleviated her severe social anxiety. With Yasmin gone, Carrie retreated to her small, dark corner. Apart from her family, she was deeply anxious about interacting with others.
Given Carrie's mental state, it seemed unlikely they could hold a grand wedding.
This deeply disappointed Ryan. He would have gladly given the world to his beloved.
That evening, Ryan called Justin and Bella to vent his frustrations.
"For the two of you, the ceremony isn't really that important."
Bella sat at her dressing table with her eyes closed comfortably as Justin brushed her hair. She had the phone in speaker mode on the table. "You and Carrie have been through life and death together. The whole
world is a testament to your love. Compared to that, even the grandest wedding would feel bland. What's more important is that you make Carrie feel comfortable. Other people's opinions and superficial appearances don't matter at all."
Talking about the wedding made Justin momentarily lose focus. A dull ache spread through his heart.
How could he even advise Ryan when he himself still owed his woman a grand wedding?
He owed Bella so much that nothing seemed to make up for it...
"Ah... Be gentler..." Bella softly moaned as Justin accidentally applied too much pressure when combing her hair.
"Sorry, did I hurt you?" Justin snapped out of his daze, his breathing heavy. "Mm... It's been a bit dry lately. Let me apply some oil."
"Okay." Her voice was soft and obedient.
"Enough already... Are you two teasing me because my wife is sick and I can't do anything with her?"
Ryan's voice came through the phone, stiff and exasperated. "While you two are enjoying your marital bliss, could you at least consider the feelings of a normal man like me?"
###chapter1983
Chapter 1983
"Pfft! Chairman Hoffman, I guess you have too much pent-up energy. Justin is just brushing my hair, but your mind is in the gutter!" Bella chuckled. She then ran her fingers through the smooth and glossy hair that Justin meticulously cared for.
"Ryan, don't rush the wedding. Just register your marriage with Carrie first. Establishing your legal
marital status is more important." As Justin suggested it, he immediately regretted it and glanced at Bella to see her reaction.
Thankfully, she did not seem to mind. She continued to apply her skincare products with a radiant smile, her delicate face glowing and inviting.
"Don't worry, I'll definitely do it this time." With deep affection, Ryan said, "From now on, Carrie will be the Hoffman Group chairman's wife."
"And your father-in-law will be Gregory Salvador. So, you can walk around Savrow with pride," Bella teased in a lazy tone.
"I won't rely on the Salvadors' resources. I can take care of Carrie and support the Hoffman Group on my own."
"If you need help, just ask. Don't try to handle everything alone." Then, Justin added seriously, "Don't forget that you have friends like us."
After a moment of thought, Bella's eyes lit up with excitement.
"Since Carrie doesn't want a grand wedding, how about a simple, family-only ceremony? I remember seeing the aurora in one of Carrie's paintings. She mentioned wanting to see it. You could have the wedding in Botvia. It's one of the best places to see the aurora! You can just invite close family to attend. This would be great for Carrie's social anxiety. You can also have your honeymoon there. That way, you'd kill two birds with one stone!"
"The aurora..." Ryan's heart ached.
Although he loved Carrie deeply, he was only now learning about her dream to see the aurora.
Love alone was not enough. As an inexperienced husband, he had so much more to learn and do.
"In these turbulent times, your priority is managing the Hoffman Group. Keep the shareholders calm and stabilize the stock price. Don't let opportunists take advantage of you."
Bella gazed softly at Justin and held his hand. "Justin and I will help you with the wedding preparations."
"Bella, you've been worrying so much about me and Carrie. When will you and Justin get around to it?" Ryan asked with genuine concern.
Though Justin and Bella's relationship was now rock-solid. They did not need a marriage certificate to prove their love. Having seen their journey, Ryan sincerely hoped they could restore their marital status and make up for lost time.
To Ryan, the most important thing was to secure a rightful title for his best friend!
Even if one day the heiress of KS Group got tired of Justin, complained about his age, and went looking for fresh, young suitors, his best friend would still have the secure status of the rightful spouse.
It was all about planning ahead!
Justin's Adam's apple bobbed as he tightened his grip on the comb.
"Let's get Carrie's wedding done first. We can wait."
After ending the call with Ryan, Bella noticed that the man behind her remained silent. She crossed her slender, fair legs, her toes playfully twirling, causing her pink fluffy slippers to dangle precariously. Her eyes sparkled like water ripples as she squinted slightly.
"Why are you suddenly so quiet, Mr. Salvador? What's on your mind?"
"I was just thinking about how beautiful your hair is," Justin replied, his large hand gently lifting her long hair, combing through it absentmindedly.
His voice was husky, low, and restrained the kind of suppressed allure that unknowingly enticed Bella. "Tsk, Mr. Salvador, you're not being honest." Bella lightly tapped Justin's neat trousers with her toes, her rosy lips curling up. "Did you hear what Ryan said earlier?"
"I heard him."
"Mr. Salvador, don't you want to secure a rightful title for yourself?" She poked his firm abs through his white shirt.
In an instant, Justin's heart raced. He felt like a prey hidden in the depths of a forest, suddenly detected by a keen hunter. His heart was beating more urgently and chaotically.
After a long pause, the man spoke, his voice hoarse. "I do..."
"Hmm? What did you say? I didn't hear you." Bella tilted her head, raising her delicate ear, her bright eyes blinking.
"I want it, Bella. I want you."
He got so nervous that he inadvertently broke the comb with his bare hands.
As Bella looked on in shock, Justin got on one knee before her. He raised his finely chiseled face with sharp brows and starry eyes. His thin, handsome lips trembled slightly as he spoke, "Ms. Thompson, please give me a rightful title."
The woman's eyes deepened, showing no emotion.
Justin was not someone who would flinch even if the sky fell.
Yet now he was gulping nervously.
Justin said, "I'd even accept the title as your paramour."
###chapter1984
Chapter 1984
If Ryan heard this, he would tease Justin forever.
How pathetic! Justin was a tyrant in public, but a coward in private!
"A paramour?"
Bella's beautiful eyes narrowed seductively. She hooked her finger under his chin and gently lifted it. "Mr. Salvador, will you be content with that?"
"I won't." Justin's intense gaze locked with hers. The abrupt movement of his Adam's apple as he swallowed was exceptionally alluring, "But I know that I don't deserve to be your husband."
If he was not qualified, then who was?
Yet the Thompsons had always carried a certain pride. Bella's heart raced, but her lips curled into a teasing smile. "Is this your idea of a proposal?"
Justin's thin lips tightened in bitterness. He was at a loss for words.
"People propose with romantic ceremonies and luxurious rings. I've never seen anyone use a comb and a broken one at that." Bella placed her hand on her hip, feigning anger.
Justin's large hand clenched, the teeth of the comb digging into his flesh.
He recalled the time when Bella married him. There was no proposal and no wedding. She moved into Tideview Manor with just a simple suitcase.
She even wore the three-carat wedding ring he had chosen without much thought every day, as if it were a
treasure.
Justin saw reminders of his failures in every instance. It was capable of drowning him over and over again.
He even dreamed of marrying her. However, even now, he could not bring himself to say the words: Marry me, Bella.
Just then, Bella's phone rang.
In the long-silent Thompson Family Secret Bureau group chat, her most stoic and taciturn elder brother had surprisingly spoken up.
[Asher: Bella, I heard Ryan is getting married soon. Feel free to let us know if there's anything we can help.
Bella laughed and quickly typed a message.
[Bella: Now hiring three groomsmen. Limited slots only! Act fast!]
[Axel: Why three? Shouldn't it be four? The four of us can handle it.]
[Drew: Ax, are you stupid? That extra slot is obviously for my brother-in-law. Stop acting like you own the place.]
[Axel: Oh, right, right... I forgot about Justin. Hey, wait a minute, did you just say I'm stupid?!]
[Drew: Bella, will there be any trivia games for the groomsmen at the wedding? Ax's brain might not be up for the task.]
[Axel: Just wait until I see you! (''))
Drew immediately sent a GIF of a dog wagging its tail while sitting on a cat's face, clearly trying to
provoke him.
Bella noticed that Declan had not responded, so she tagged him specifically.
[Bella: Dec, can you attend the wedding?]
[Declan: Of course. I can help out if you need anything. But I'm not very close to Chairman Hoffman. Being one of his groomsmen might be a bit odd...]
Indeed. After all, Declan was a high-ranking official in the military, with every move scrutinized by countless eyes.
Declan hardly knew Ryan and had only recently accepted Justin.
Being a groomsman might be too much to ask.
[Asher: Bella, don't forget about Arnold.]
[Axel: Right! We're short on slots!]
[Asher: You'll need a pastor, right? If I'm officiating, I can't be a groomsman.]
Bella bit her lip in thought and involved Ralph in the chat.
[Bella: Ralph, Ralph! We need urgent help! Can you take a groomsman spot?]
Upon seeing Bella chatting animatedly with her brothers, Justin quietly slipped out of the room. He went downstairs to cut some fruit for her and make a phone call.
In the kitchen, he skillfully arranged a fruit platter while talking to lan on the phone.
"Keep an eye on both domestically and internationally renowned auction houses. Let me know if any top- grade diamonds go on sale."
"Wow, wow, wow! Mr. Salvador, did you get inspired by Chairman Hoffman and decide to officially propose to Young Madam?!" Ian's voice on the other end of the line was brimming with excitement. "It's good to have it ready first. I'll do it if the right opportunity arises." Justin's long eyelashes cast a shadow over his eyes, his heart swollen with mixed emotions, both worry and anticipation.
"Wow... You've finally come around!" Ian was almost crying tears of joy. "Just thinking about being able to see you get married again in my lifetime makes me feel like I could happily die tomorrow!"
Justin was speechless.
It was just a remarriage, not a second marriage!
"By the way, you asked me to look into the Southern Star Syndicate matter. It took a lot of effort, but I have some leads now."
Justin's fingers paused as he replied, "Go ahead."
"The Southern Star Syndicate members are now under police surveillance because some of them are involved with drugs."
"Watson Jenkins detests drugs. For decades, he ensured his subordinates never got involved with drugs. Those who dared touch drugs ended up dead. How could anyone be reckless enough to take such risks?" Justin's eyes darkened as he spoke, his gaze heavy with thought.
"Times have changed. Watson is getting older. Besides, internal strife plagued the gang in recent years. Rumor has it that if it were not for Elias holding things together, the Southern Star Syndicate's situation might have been even worse. The underlings are increasingly discontented, seeking ways to profit behind Watson's back. Ultimately, they would split off from the main gang. This is the destiny of those in the
underworld."
In truth, as a successful businessman from a prominent family, Justin had little need to concern himself with the Southern Star Syndicate's affairs. Even Watson's position was worlds apart from his. However, Watson Jenkins was Aunt Sasha's father, and Aunt Sasha was dear to Bella.
Hence, Justin could not help but pay extra attention.
Moreover, the recent death of a Southern Star Syndicate member had always seemed suspicious to him.
"No matter what type of drug it is, the symptoms of addiction are generally similar. But the person we saw last time, did he really die from drug abuse?"
Justin's gaze darkened, his brows furrowing slightly. "Why does it seem more like he suffered from a
disease or poisoning?"
"Uh... It does seem odd!"
After a moment of thought, Justin's voice took on a deep, magnetic tone. "Where can I buy some?"
Ian was startled. "What did you just say?" "The drugs. Find a way to get me a sample."
###chapter1985
Chapter 1985
In early November, Savrow welcomed its first romantic snowfall of the year.
It was also Carrie's twenty-fourth birthday.
Early in the morning, Bella cheerfully led her "styling team" to the hospital to doll up her soon-to-be sister-in-law.
Although she called it a team, including herself, there were just three people on it, adding Roza and
Amelia.
Despite the small number, Roza's styling and Amelia's makeup skills were on par with celebrity styling
teams.
The girls bustled into the hospital room, only to find Ryan sitting at the bedside with dark circles under his eyes, patiently feeding Carrie an oatmeal porridge.
Carrie's eyes lit up with joy when she saw her sister-in-law. Her eyes sparkled like a doe's. Unable to speak, she waved her frail hand warmly in greeting.
In the past two months, Carrie's once slim face had become slightly fuller under Ryan's care, with a faint blush replacing her usual pallor, making her look even sweeter.
Love truly was the best cosmetic for a woman.
Amelia even felt like her presence was unnecessary. Like her sister, Carrie was naturally beautiful without any embellishments. She looked as fresh and lovely as a rose in bloom.
"Bella, just wait a moment. I'll finish feeding Carrie first." Ryan apologized with a smile.
Bella quickly waved her hand, "There's no rush. Take your time. We've got plenty of it."
The man carefully skimmed the top layer of the porridge with the spoon, blowing on it repeatedly to make sure it was not too hot.
For the second spoonful, he added a bit of refreshing blueberries, concerned that the oatmeal porridge might be too bland.
His meticulous care made the three women feel like they were indulging in a feast of love, leaving them fully stuffed with sweetness.
Thankfully, they all had their own partners now. Otherwise, this scene would have been too much to bear. Roza's nose twitched as she sniffed the air. "Wow. Something smells good. What is it?"
"Oatmeal and honey?" Bella's sharper nose identified the dish immediately.
"Oh! That's my favorite!" Amelia's eyes sparkled, her stomach rumbling at the thought.
Ryan fed Carrie another spoonful before saying, "I made plenty. There's more in the thermal flask. If you haven't eaten, please help yourselves."
"You made it yourself?!" The three women were stunned.
Just then, Dean walked in with a beaming smile, carrying a complete set of high-end tailored suits for Ryan. He looked happier than if he were getting married himself.
"Chairman Hoffman personally cooked it fresh this morning. Chairman Hoffman also prepared some fruit to go with it. You should've seen it, Ms. Thompson! Our chairman's cooking skill has improved a lot!"
Ryan glanced lightly at Dean, who immediately closed his mouth but still wore an expression of admiration.
"You did all of this yourself?"
Bella's beautiful eyes widened in disbelief. "Wow, what time did you have to get up?"
"I just woke up a bit earlier than usual. This isn't the first time I've done this," Ryan replied, his eyes softening as he gently wiped Carrie's lips with a napkin.
Roza and Amelia were dumbfounded.
They had seen Ryan before, more than once. However, they could hardly believe that the man before them, who was so devoted and gentle, was the same proud and flamboyant young master of the Hoffman family.
Ryan had changed completely-his eyes, behavior, demeanor, everything! The only thing that remained unchanged was his unwavering love for Carrie.
Ryan's words resonated clearly with Carrie. Suddenly, a wave of emotion surged within her, and tears started to flow uncontrollably like strings of pearls.
The sudden outburst of emotion startled Roza and Amelia, who became flustered.
Only Bella felt the sorrow in her heart. She looked at Ryan with a complex expression.
"It's emotional incontinence." Ryan cradled his wife in his arms and gently rubbed the back of her head." But that's okay. I'll be with her, and she'll get better gradually."
Bella sighed softly.
How could Carrie ever fully recover? She faced a series of emotional blows, and she had shown immense strength by not breaking down mentally.
Bella thought she might not have been able to endure it if she were in Carrie's shoes.
After breakfast, Ryan left the room to give Bella and the girls the space to work their magic.
He went to another room to change into the suit Dean had brought.
###chapter1986
Chapter 1986
Looking at his reflection in the mirror, Ryan's rugged features-his sculpted cheekbones, deep-set eyes, and short, graying hair-evoked the image of a hardy, weathered pine tree standing resolute against a snowy backdrop. But the youthful edge he once possessed had long since faded.
Just then, a knock on the door interrupted his thoughts.
Ryan walked over and opened the door.
A playful smirk played on his lips as he said, "Justin."
Justin raised his eyebrows slightly and lifted the plastic bag in his hand. "My wife sent me over to dye your hair, Chairman Hoffman."
Ryan's eyelashes fluttered as he gave a mischievous grin, a glimpse of his youthful charm shining through. "Honestly, I'm not too sure about your skills, Mr. Salvador."
"Let's give it a try. If it turns out badly, this one's on the house."
The two brothers looked at each other and smiled-a lightheartedness they had not felt in a long time.
With a barber drape around his shoulders, Ryan sat in front of the mirror while Justin stood behind him, patiently applying the dye to his hair.
Watching each white strand turn black, Ryan could not help but joke, "We promised to grow old together, but here I am secretly dyeing my hair."
"In the future, make sure to dye it regularly. Just because you're married doesn't mean you can let yourself go. My sister might lose interest in you," Justin said. He glanced at Ryan's head full of white hair, trying to sound casual, though there was a hint of sadness in his voice.
"Carrie won't mind, but I'm afraid you'll be jealous of me."
"Jealous?"
"Jealous that I have a higher rank, jealous that I look more mature and steady... Ouch!"
Justin narrowed his eyes slightly, the comb catching on a tangled patch of hair, causing Ryan to wince in pain. "Bro, calm down! I know my mistake!"
With his hair fully dyed, Ryan stood side by side with Justin in the mirror.
It felt as if they had returned to their younger days, when they were the ambitious and admired rising stars of the business world, making their grand entrance together.
"Ryan," Justin said, his voice trembling with emotion. "I feel like a father sending you off to get married." Ryan let out a hearty laugh and gave Justin a reassuring pat on the shoulder. "Don't worry, an older brother is just like a father!"
On the other side, Carrie changed into a light pink dress specially designed for her by Roza.
The dress had long sleeves, a high neckline, and a full-length skirt, perfect for a winter wedding. It exuded a vintage elegance.
Bella helped Carrie get ready in front of the mirror. As she looked at her own radiant reflection, Carrie's moist eyes sparkled.
Roza, a perfectionist, instantly picked up on even the tiniest imperfection. "The chest area is a bit loose. That was my mistake."
Carrie had lost a lot of weight due to her illness, leaving her frail and thin.
"Carrie's fair complexion suits this color, and her long neck looks beautiful with the high neckline." Bella quickly tried to smooth things over, fearing Roza might take the dress back for alterations, which they did not have time for.
Amelia nodded repeatedly. "Indeed, she looks like a swan!"
Bella giggled. "As for the chest, it'll gradually fill out after marriage with her lover's nourishment." Carrie, being innocent and naive, did not fully grasp the meaning, but Roza understood perfectly. The two friends exchanged a knowing look, like a pair of old perverts.
Although Amelia was a bit naive, she now had her own boyfriend, Steven, so she quickly understood, her face flushing deeply in embarrassment.
At that moment, there was a knock on the door.
Bella quickly ran over and opened it, revealing Ryan in a crisp suit, his black hair neatly combed back, looking handsome and charming. She nodded in satisfaction. "It seems my man did a good job."
Standing behind Ryan, Justin pressed his lips together, looking a bit shy.
Bella then ushered the groom into the room.
When Ryan's eyes fell upon Carrie, elegantly dressed in the pink gown with delicate makeup, his entire world seemed to light up.
"Is this my Carrie?" Ryan asked cautiously, his voice hoarse.
Carrie blushed deeply, her heart pounding as she gently nodded.
"Carrie... You're so beautiful."
Ryan's throat tightened with emotion, his chest filling with profound joy. He moved closer and gently took her hand, clasping it firmly.
###chapter1987
Chapter 1987
Taking into account Carrie's health, the City Hall had specially arranged a private space for the couple to finalize their marriage license.
The moment the certificate was handed to her, Carrie's smile bloomed like spring flowers. She excitedly caressed the paper repeatedly with her fingers, treating it as a precious treasure, reluctant to let it go.
"Congratulations on your marriage! Wishing you both a lifetime of happiness and bliss!" The staff sincerely offered their blessings.
The story of Ryan Hoffman and Carrie Salvador was well-known and unforgettable, and yet, it was only just beginning.
"Ah! Ah!" Carrie's eyes gleamed with delight as she cheerfully waved the marriage license at Ryan.
"Mrs. Hoffman, please take good care of me for the rest of our lives," Ryan said, gazing at her lovingly, enunciating each word.
"Mmm..."
Carrie's cheeks flushed. She gazed at him with a dreamy look. She could not speak, but even if she could talk, he wouldn't have let her.
Ryan's eyes narrowed as he reached out, cradled the back of Carrie's neck, and kissed her passionately.
The newlyweds had their photo taken at City Hall and received it right away, with the staff presenting them with flowers.
Carrie was definitely the center of attention at the event today. The staff observed from the sidelines, whispering enviously.
Justin and Bella, who were waiting outside, saw the newlyweds emerge hand in hand. They immediately approached the couple and presented the gifts they had prepared.
"I designed these brooches myself, and I'd like the both of you to have them," Bella said, handing a brooch to each of them, like offering apples to children. "These are Alexa's creations, which are highly sought after and very valuable!"
Carrie eagerly opened the box, revealing a delicate brooch adorned with a pink tourmaline and sparkling diamonds in the shape of a bird.
Overjoyed by the thoughtful gift, she immediately stepped forward and wrapped Bella in a warm, grateful embrace.
Ryan's brooch was a lovely blue tourmaline one that matched perfectly. He couldn't help but smile, feeling deeply grateful.
"There was a time when I tried to buy an Alexa piece for $2 billion dollars, yet I just couldn't get my hands on one. But now, thanks to my wife, my dream has finally come true."
"Hmph, well, at least you realize it." Bella embraced Carrie. "By the way, Grandpa Nigel called earlier. He wants us to have dinner at his place tonight. Uncle Matt is preparing a big feast to celebrate Carrie's birthday,"
Ryan hesitated. "Bella, Justin, can I celebrate Carrie's birthday alone with her tonight?"
Justin and Bella exchanged a knowing look, understanding immediately. "Go and enjoy yourselves. I'll explain to Grandpa Nigel."
On the way back in the car, Carrie still felt a bit weak. The luxurious dress she wore had barely seen the light of day before she had to be wrapped back in a thick, plush blanket.
She curled up in Ryan's arms, tightly clutching the marriage license. Her soft lips curved into a sweet smile as she closed her eyes.
After some time had passed, the man kissed her tender earlobe and gently called out, "Darling? Darling?"
Carrie opened her drowsy eyes and looked up, feeling confused.
"Look outside the window," Ryan said.
She rubbed her eyes and turned to look out the car window, her eyes suddenly widening in surprise.
The busiest street in Savrow had all its LED screens displaying the same image at the same time.
Bright, striking words accompanied by a rain of red roses transformed the bustling concrete forest under the first snow into a romantic and dazzling sea of roses.
"At 5:00 p.m. today, Chairman Ryan Hoffman of the Hoffman Group and Ms. Carrie Salvador, the heiress of the Salvador Corporation, officially tied the knot and became husband and wife."
Pedestrians along the street took out their phones to capture this breathtaking scene.
At the same time, the news shot to the top of Twitter's trending topics, drawing the attention of millions. Tears welled up in Carrie's eyes as she slowly raised her hand, her fingers reaching out to touch the roses on the window.
As night fell, the luxurious car made its way up the mountaintop, overlooking the city of Savrow. Ryan wrapped Carrie in his arms as they admired the starry sky, captivated by the grand and dazzling fireworks display, tailored just for her. This moment made amends for their earlier mishaps.
"Carrie, that day at the amusement park, the toy dog that danced with you was me," Ryan whispered in her ear.
"Ah..."
Carrie's eyes grew wide as she pulled out her phone. With shaky hands, she began typing into her notes.
[I had a feeling... but I didn't want to get my hopes up. I was afraid it wasn't you, and that would've been heartbreaking.]
[Ryan, I have never, for a single moment, stopped loving you.]
He replied, "What a coincidence. Neither have L."
Under the starry sky, they shared a deep and passionate kiss.
Roses were only romantic as a gift, and fireworks truly dazzled when one shared them with someone
special.
###chapter1988
Chapter 1988
The news of the Hoffman couple's marriage registration caused a sensation in Savrow and quickly spread across the country.
The heartfelt and emotional marriage, along with the fireworks display that lit up the sky solely for Carrie, made this legendary love story one to be recorded and remembered by countless people forever.
Even after the buzz died down, this scene would still appear in online searches as an unforgettable
romance.
Under the starry sky, Yvonne, draped in a black coat, gazed up at the fireworks filling the sky.
Her eyes sparkled, the cool breeze tousled her raven hair, and a happy smile spread across her face. How wonderful! Carrie finally had the chance to be with the one she loved and got her happy ending. Yvonne was a delicate flower, thriving in the shadows of a sinful world. Her existence was ill-suited for, and she could never attain such genuine affection.
At midnight, the grand fireworks display ended, and the world fell silent and barren.
Yvonne felt a void within her heart. Just as she was about to turn and head back to her room, her phone vibrated.
[Oscar: Image.jpg]
She immediately clicked on it, zooming in repeatedly. Her eyes suddenly narrowed. The photo showed a scene at night of Taylor and a familiar-looking middle-aged man walking out of a villa, chatting and laughing.
[Yvonne: One of them is Taylor, and the other is Deputy Chief Owen Hopkins?]
[Oscar: Yes, the current deputy chief of the Savrow Police Department!]
She felt a tightness in her chest, which she could not shake.
[Yvonne: He has never been to Pivotage, yet he is also a guest of the Iversons?!]
[Oscar: If I hadn't witnessed it myself, I'd have a hard time believing that the righteous Chief Hopkins is in cahoots with the Iversons! I took this photo after following Taylor for weeks. Whenever Taylor met with Chief Hopkins, he always went alone, which indicated their discussions were highly sensitive matters. Ms. Smith, this is a crucial lead! If we can dig deeper into this guy, we're bound to uncover a way to take down Christopher for good!]
Yvonne felt a mix of emotions-excitement and dread-swirling within her.
Christopher had been involved in corrupt dealings between the government and businesses back in Sentania, bribing and coercing officials to become his puppets.
Now, under the Boss's name, he was shifting his focus and spreading his influence like a virus. He started to secretly buy off the officials in Savrow. Given time, his pawns would infiltrate every level of power in Savrow. Even if Justin and Ryan joined forces, they might not be able to completely remove Christopher from the picture.
[Yvonne: Oscar, you need to stop tracking Taylor immediately. Stop before Taylor notices anything amiss! Don't investigate Chief Hopkins anymore. He has to be pretty impressive to become the police chief, so he's not an easy target! Listen to me and don't act recklessly, understand?]
[Oscar: But... We've finally caught the prime suspect...]
[Yvonne: Oscar, in my life, there are only two people who matter most to me, and one of them is you. You must stay safe! I'll handle the rest of the investigation. Don't take any actions on your own, okay?]
There was a silent pause.
[Oscar: Okay, I understand. But, Ms. Smith, may I ask, who is the other person important to you?] Yvonne's slender, delicate hand grasped the collar of her black trenchcoat as she slowly closed her eyes. She could almost feel that man holding her from behind, his warm breath accompanied by a soft, teasing laugh lingering in her ear.
All the coldness dissipated in an instant.
At this very moment in the woods outside Pivotage-Drew had been silently standing there since the fireworks began.
The night sky lit up like day, a display that lasted the entire night and was known by everyone in Savrow. Drew thought, 'Surely she would see it too.'
###chapter1989
Chapter 1989
In Drew's life, where he was always teetering on the edge of danger, he had neither the time nor energy for a real romance, let alone any romantic gestures.
Tonight, the fireworks were beautiful. He owed that to Ryan. But with no one to share the view, no matter how dazzling the display, it would lose its insignificance.
So, uncontrollably, he thought of Yvonne. Against all odds, driven by a mysterious force, he came here despite the enormous risk.
"You must have seen it too." Drew's sharp, bright eyes were fixed on the illuminated Pivotage as he murmured, "Do you feel lonely watching this alone? I feel very lonely,"
The news widely reported Carrie and Ryan's marriage.
Nigel was in an excellent mood as he scrolled through his phone. He even had two extra servings of pasta for dinner.
Though he understood that Carrie was still recovering and conditions were not ideal, as the doting grandfather of his favorite granddaughter, he naturally wished for her to become the esteemed matron of the Hoffman family.
After all, their family was renowned and respected, emphasizing extravagance and tradition.
Justin and Bella stayed with Grandpa Nigel after dinner and chatted happily with him, envisioning Ryan and Carrie's future happiness.
"Hey! Matt! Bring out the things I prepared!" Nigel said with a broad smile, rubbing his hands together in anticipation.
Soon, Matt came over with a smile and handed a document to Nigel.
Nigel placed the document in front of the young couple. "Here, take a look at this list of gifts I prepared for Carrie."
Justin picked up the document and started reading it, while Bella, sitting close to him, curiously leaned in, their heads almost touching.
The list clearly detailed the properties, land, shops, luxury cars, private jets, and even a small portion of shares in the Salvador Corporation that Grandpa Nigel was giving to Carrie.
The most valuable among this list was the shares. With the Salvador Corporation doing so well, Carrie would enjoy substantial annual dividends even if she did nothing!
"Wow... Carrie is going to become a little rich lady!" Bella licked her lips enviously. "If I ever go broke, I'll just freeload off of Mrs. Hoffman!"
"With me around, how could you ever go broke?" Justin smiled indulgently, kissing her smooth forehead. "I won't let you suffer, even if it means I have to beg on the streets."
Bella found his words silly, but her face still turned red as she shyly leaned against his shoulder.
"Who said you'd have to beg... It makes me sound so spoiled."
Seeing the sweet and loving couple, Nigel could not help but laugh heartily. "Haha! Even if my grandson had to beg on the streets, he would become the leader of the beggars, and Bella, you would still be the most esteemed lady!"
Justin frowned and laughed. “Grandpa, you really think highly of me."
"Haha... Bella, you don't need to envy Carrie. If you saw the gift list I prepared for Justin, all the women in Savrow would be jealous of you!" Nigel winked repeatedly at Justin.
Justin understood, sitting upright. His heart was pounding, and his handsome face was slightly flushed." Grandpa..."
Bella's heart trembled. Her face turned red, and she was unsure of what to say.
That was when her phone rang. It was Ralph calling.
"Grandpa Nigel, I need to take this call."
Bella left the living room and walked into the quiet hallway.
"Ralph, what's wrong?"
"Bella, I saw Ian at the police station. What's going on?!" Ralph's voice was filled with urgency.
"Police station? What happened?" Bella was utterly shocked.
"He's suspected of drug trafficking and was arrested by the police on the spot!"
###chapter1990
Chapter 1990
Justin and Bella quickly said goodbye to Nigel and rushed off with Steven, speeding toward the police station.
"Justin, did you cause this mess?!"
Bella, sharp and insightful, got right to the point. Her eyes narrowed angrily at Justin's dark, gloomy face. "I know what kind of person Ian is. He wouldn't dare disobey you, let alone touch that stuff! Did you ask him to buy drugs?!"
Justin grasped Bella's delicate fingers, his eyes red as he looked at her. "Bella, I did ask lan to buy it, but I didn't think he'd do it himself..."
Bella yelled, "You're such an idiot!"
Steven, both anxious and angry, slammed the steering wheel. "Even celebrities in the entertainment industry have their agents handle this stuff to keep their distance and avoid ruining their careers. Ian was brave to buy it himself in such a risky manner! Does he think the Savrow police are just sitting idly by? Doesn't he know that Savrow has recently launched a strict crackdown on prostitution, gambling, and drugs?!"
Bella's palms became sweaty, and her heart felt heavy and anxious. "That's not even the worst part. Everyone in Savrow knows Ian is your secretary. If this gets out, whether he takes all the blame or not, people will still think you're the one behind it, suspecting you of being a drug addict!"
Justin's brows furrowed deeply, and his eyes turned red. He was not worried about facing criticism or being the target of a scheme. Rather, he was terrified that Ian would take all the blame.
"This could blow out of proportion. Christopher must be laughing in his sleep! He didn't have to lift a finger and relied on your foolishness!"
Bella was so anxious she could hardly think straight. "Justin, if you needed something, you could have told me. I could have asked Aunt Sasha to handle it. After all, she has connections with the Southern Star Syndicate. If that's not possible, you could've told Ryan, who has ties on both sides of the law! But you should have been upfront with me instead of keeping me in the dark. You also shouldn't have dragged lan into this mess. One wrong move and you could be in serious trouble!"
"I messed up here." Justin held her hand as he said, "You can hit me, scold me, or vent your anger on me later. But right now, we need to focus on getting lan out."
"You don't need to tell me that!" Bella glared at him furiously, struggling to free her hand from his grip, but she could not break loose.
At the police station, Ian and the man who sold him drugs were held in separate interrogation rooms, being questioned individually. Despite the police's relentless pressure, Ian sat expressionless, mechanically repeating the same sentence, "I won't say anything until my attorney arrives."
The officer interrogating lan scoffed, his tone aggressive. "You don't have much to say anyway. You were caught red-handed with drugs on you. With the other guy's confession, the evidence against you is solid. Even if Mr. Salvador shows up to bail you out, you won't be walking out of here! If you confess now, we'll consider it a voluntary surrender and try to get you a lighter sentence. But if you refuse to admit it, it'll only make your situation worse!"
Another officer said coldly, "This isn't like the old days. We rely on concrete evidence, not just confessions. Don't think staying silent will save you. As long as the evidence is concrete, we can still
prosecute you!"
Ian's heart pounded like a drum, but he maintained his composure. "I've been framed. I want to see my lawyer!"
The two officers gritted their teeth, preparing for yet another round of questioning when the interrogation room door was abruptly pushed open.
Dressed in a sharp suit, Steven entered with a stern expression, his voice firm and authoritative. "I'm
Steven Lovett, Mr. Harris' attorney. From this moment on, any questions you have can be directed to me. My client has the right to remain silent."
Ian and Steven exchanged a knowing glance, a glimmer of hope igniting in Ian's somber gaze.
Meanwhile, the air in Ralph's office was tense. "Handling Ian's case is going to be difficult."
###chapter1991
Chapter 1991
Ralph leaned against the edge of his desk with arms crossed, his expression solemn as he looked at Bella and Justin. "First of all, drugs were found on Ian. The guy who sold Ian the drugs is a member of the Southern Star Syndicate called Horace. He's adamantly accusing Ian, so the evidence is solid.
"Secondly, there's been a crackdown on drugs, gambling, and prostitution lately, and Ian happened to get caught in the crossfire. Chief Hopkins has made it clear that no one involved in such activities, regardless of their background or identity, will be spared."
"News about Ian must be completely sealed off." Bella's eyes were sharp.
Ralph shook his head in frustration. "Before you arrived, several reporters had already come to inquire about the case. I chased away, but I suspect the news has already leaked. How else would they have known to come? What's more problematic is that the higher-ups know Ian is associated with Justin. Considering my relationship with Justin, I'm not allowed to intervene in this case. The ones questioning him now aren't my people. Even if I wanted to interfere, I couldn't."
Both Justin and Bella exchanged a worried glance, both sensing a deeper conspiracy at play.
"We must find a way to clear lan's name immediately, or at least get him out on bail. Otherwise, this fire will soon burn Justin." Ralph truly regarded Justin as family and was deeply worried.
"Having Steven act as his attorney can only buy us time, but it won't solve the fundamental problem."
Bella, the most capable heiress of the Thompson family, was now deeply furrowing her brow as she racked her brain for a solution.
The situation was simple. If lan confessed and denied any involvement with Justin, this whole mess would be resolved.
But lan was not just some random secretary. He was someone incredibly important to Justin, a close comrade who had been through thick and thin with him.
Justin would rather take all the blame himself and give up being the president of Salvador Corporation than sacrifice lan and let him go to prison.
Justin, who had been silent, suddenly spoke in a cold voice. "If someone gives false testimony or if the evidence is incomplete, then lan can be bailed out, right?"
Ralph nodded. "Theoretically, yes."
"Then we need to start with that Southern Star Syndicate member." Justin's handsome face was frighteningly grim. "I'll have someone intercept his lawyer and find a way to get a message to him." Bella looked at Justin, who was next to her. Her lips parted in stunned silence, unsure of what to say.
"Mr. Salvador, do you realize where you are right now? Do you know what your brother-in-law does for a living?!" Ralph was both anxious and angry, his lips twitching, "I am a police officer! You are trying to collude with a witness to give false testimony right in front of me. I could charge you with obstructing justice immediately. I absolutely do not agree with you doing this!"
At that moment, there was a knock on the door.
Ralph quickly composed himself and responded, allowing an officer to enter.
"Captain Thompson, Horace's attorney has arrived."
Simultaneously, Bella's phone rang. It was Sasha calling.
She quickly answered in a low voice, "Aunt Sasha."
"Bella, are you with Justin?" Sasha asked seriously.
Bella glanced at Justin, who was beside her. "Yes, I am."
"Let me speak to him. I have something to tell him."
Bella pursed her lips, handed the phone to Justin, and whispered in his ear, "Justin, Aunt Sasha wants to talk to you."
Justin's eyes widened slightly as he took the phone and sat up straight. "Hello, Aunt Sasha, how are you?" "I'm fine, but it seems you're not doing too well." Sasha's tone was intriguing.
Justin's throat tightened. "You already know?"
"I reckon the news has spread throughout Savrow by now." Sasha let out a cold laugh that sounded like ice cracking, but her tone was full of reassurance. "That punk from the Southern Star Syndicate dared to mess with you. I definitely won't sit idly by. I've already had Elias handle this matter for you. From now on, you don't need to do anything. Just be patient."
###chapter1992
Chapter 1992
In the interrogation room, Ian sat silently next to Steven.
His eyes were bright, glistening with unshed tears, as he watched Steven transform into a formidable shield, protecting him from the harsh interrogation.
If it weren't for the fact that Ian had a girl he liked, he might have fallen for Steven right there and then. Although Steven looked calm, he felt deeply uneasy. The entire situation seemed suspicious.
The police seemed eager to blame Ian, worried he might expose their true motives. Even simple drug possession as a buyer carried a minimum 6-month sentence.
Any conviction, no matter how minor, would be a devastating blow to Ian's career as the chief secretary to the president of the Salvador Corporation, effectively ruining his future.
In a separate room, Horace, the Southern Star Syndicate Gang member who sold drugs to lan, was having a private conversation with his lawyer, Peter Lang.
"The Southern Star Syndicate strictly prohibits its members from getting involved with drugs. You're well aware of this. However, your recent actions have made Mr. Jenkins extremely furious," Peter said, his expression grim.
Thinking of Watson's ruthless reputation, Horace turned as pale as a sheet, trembling so much that his chair creaked.
"Mr. Jenkins has given you two options. One, you take all the blame yourself. Tell the police that the drugs were yours, and you secretly placed them in lan's pocket out of spite. This whole thing was your doing, and lan had nothing to do with it."
Horace was so angry that his eyes turned red, but he dared not speak out. Peter had even crafted a confession for him. Southern Star Syndicate's lawyers were not to be trifled with.
"If you refuse, surviving in prison will be the least of your worries. Your sixty-year-old mother and your unmarried brother back in the countryside will be in danger too. If you comply, Mr. Jenkins will ensure your family is well taken care of. If you don't, they'll all join you in the afterlife."
Hearing this, Horace turned ashen and nodded vigorously, "I'll take the blame! I'll confess! Please ask Mr. Jenkins not to harm my mother and brother. I'll admit to anything!"
Peter nodded in satisfaction before asking, "Mr. Jenkins also wants to know if anyone instructed you to frame Ian. Who put you up to this? If you confess, I can help reduce your sentences."
"There was no one instructing me," Horace admitted truthfully. "Ian came around my place for three days in a row without looking for any prostitutes. I suspected he wanted some meds, so I approached him. He was cautious at first, just asking about drugs. It took a while before I finally sold it to him. No one put me up to this... I just can't believe how unlucky I was that the cops showed up right then!"
Peter raised an eyebrow. "Meds? Is that what you call them?"
Horace grabbed his hand like a lifeline, pleading, "Please explain to Mr. Jenkins! I was using this stuff to make money on the side... But it's just medicine! It's not even real drugs!"
The police handling the case were stunned when, within half an hour, Horace took back everything he had said earlier. He insisted that Ian was innocent and that he alone was to blame. It was obvious the attorney had influenced him to take all the blame.
Without the nightclub's surveillance footage from that night and with the witness retracting his statement, Ian was eventually granted bail. However, he was not allowed to leave Savrow and had to be available for police questioning for the next month.
###chapter1993
Chapter 1993
This hurdle was passed safely.
Ian walked out of the interrogation room, keeping a straight face despite his trembling legs.
Justin had once again put him through another harrowing experience. He definitely deserved a bonus for his performance!
To avoid any suspicion, Bella left through the back door of the police station. Meanwhile, Justin and Steven, posing as Ian's legal attorney, escorted him out of the main entrance.
Strangely, they had expected to be surrounded by a bunch of reporters outside, but it turned out to be empty.
Steven scratched his head. "No one? I even prepared a statement."
"It seems that someone received the news that lan was released without charges. There's no need to pay off reporters to clear his name now," Justin said, his eyes cold and stern.
"Damn it," Steven cursed, unable to contain his frustration.
"I've already instructed the Salvador Corporation's PR team to work overtime to remove trending searches and keep the comments under control, minimizing the impact as much as possible."
"Tomorrow morning, the lawyers from Salvador Corporation will issue a legal letter. Any media outlets that cover this story too extensively can expect to get summoned to court," Justin said, his gaze unwavering.
Ian's head hung low, feeling extremely guilty as tears welled up in his eyes. "Mr. Salvador, I'm sorry. I messed up and almost got myself into serious trouble."
Justin's expression softened, his voice low and reassuring. "If you have anything to say, let's talk about it when we get back to the office."
At that moment, someone honked them.
The three men turned to see two black Mercedes-Benz speeding toward them, stopping abruptly in front of them.
The window of the first car rolled down, revealing Bella's delicate and beautiful face.
"Justin!" Bella called out.
Justin was taken aback. "Bella?"
Then the window from the passenger side rolled down, revealing Elias's roguish face. He flashed a grin and said to Justin, "Mr. Salvador, if you're not too tired, how about a visit to my place?"
By the time lan was released, it was already the wee hours of the morning.
Justin and Bella followed Elias to the Southern Star headquarters, arriving just before dawn.
Despite the hour, their minds were too preoccupied with uncovering the full story to think about sleep.
The two sleek cars pulled into a normal-looking building, but it was actually a luxurious club.
Elias punched in a code to unlock the entrance, and the group was met with jaw-dropping sight once they stepped inside.
The interior was lavish and indulgent. Numerous gambling tables were abuzz with activity, and the place was packed with well-dressed men and women, indulging in the pleasures of the night.
While Bella and Justin remained composed, Steven and Ian were left in awe and amazement!
Ian exclaimed, “Mr. Storm, this club must have cost millions! The money in your line of work really flows, doesn't it?"
Elias chuckled. "Mine? You flatter me. All of this belongs to Mr. Jenkins, and what belongs to Mr. Jenkins ultimately belongs to Ms. Sasha."
His eyes softened with affection at the mention of Sasha.
Justin looked at Elias sincerely, feeling grateful. "Mr. Storm, we couldn't have done it without your help. I owe you a debt of gratitude. I'll make sure to return the favor someday."
###chapter1994
Chapter 1994
Elias waved his hand nonchalantly. "Mr. Salvador, please don't say that. Ms. Sasha instructed me to take
care of this. It's really no big deal. Besides, Horace is part of the Southern Star Syndicate, so as their leader, I should step in to sort out this mess. If you want to repay the favor, you should thank Ms. Sasha instead."
The group entered Elias' luxurious office, which was so quiet it felt like a different world from outside.
Peter Lang, Horace's lawyer, immediately recounted every word Horace had said without missing a single detail.
"Medicine?" Justin and Bella exclaimed in surprise.
Ian's eyes lit up. "Yes, yes! That person asked me if I wanted to buy some medicine when we were talking. Could that have been a code word?"
Peter said, "What's strange is that Horace insists he was selling medicine, not drugs. It's a type of banned medication that isn't approved by the FDA domestically, but it's popular overseas. It is said to provide pleasure similar to drugs and cannot be detected in urine tests."
He continued, "This medication has been gaining quite a bit of popularity lately in Savrow's underground markets. I've heard that members of the Southern Star Syndicate, as well as other syndicates, have been using it."
Justin's eyes gleamed with a sharp, cold intensity. "Did the member of the Southern Star Syndicate who suddenly died on the street also use this drug?"
Elias' expression turned serious. "Yes, he not only used it himself but also sold it privately to other members of Southern Star Syndicate."
"There's something wrong with that medicine." Bella remembered the frightening and unusual death of that man, feeling her heart tighten. "Whether it's a drug or not, it's clear that taking this stuff is
extremely dangerous and life-threatening."
"What a pity! I just got my hands on that drug, but then I was caught. I failed the task Mr. Salvador assigned to me..." Ian felt remorseful again, sighing in frustration.
Justin reassured him calmly. "It's alright. Your safety is more important than anything else."
Ian was on the verge of tears again.
Elias pursed his lips, retrieving a small plastic bag from his suit and setting it on the coffee table. "This is the so-called medicine. It took me quite some effort to obtain a sample, which is even more expensive than conventional drugs!"
Bella immediately picked it up and examined it closely under the light.
A dark blue pill with a small letter "D" on it.
"When we get back, I'll have someone test it to see what's in it. Uncle Elias, please make sure to let everyone in the Southern Star Syndicate know they shouldn't touch this stuff. It's life-threatening!" Bella's expression was extremely serious, as if facing a formidable enemy.
"Uncle? I dare not accept such a title!" Elias hastily waved his hand, trying to be humble. "Ms. Thompson, please just call me Elias. If Ms. Sasha finds out, she might think I'm taking advantage of you. Then she'll blacklist me again."
Justin lowered his head in contemplation. "The person who brought it into Savrow likely marketed it as a
medication rather than a drug. Even if caught by the police, they could claim it was just medicine and escape legal punishment. That's why it could spread so quickly,"
"There's something else that is particularly strange." Elias also pondered the situation. "When this drug appeared in Savrow, I sent some people to investigate it. It turns out that none of the high-end clubs, small celebrities, or even the large nightclubs controlled by the Southern Star Syndicate had ever come across it before. This stuff doesn't seem to be widely available, yet a lot of our members have used it. Dammit, could someone in our syndicate have monopolized it?!"
Bella's mind raced as she considered the drugs, the sudden deaths, and the specific groups of people involved.
She reached out and grabbed Justin's hand.
Justin felt her cold hand and quickly enveloped it with his own to try to warm her up. "Bella, what's the matter?"
Bella's throat felt dry as she carefully spoke, "Could someone be secretly using people to conduct drug experiments?"
###chapter1995
Chapter 1995
At Pivotage, Christopher was furious upon learning that lan had been released without any charges. In his rage, he shattered several antique crystal glasses on the floor.
"Mr. Iverson, please calm down."
On the call, Owen Hopkins spoke cautiously and politely. "This plan was supposed to be flawless. Justin's secretary was certainly going to be taken care of. But who could have predicted that the scumbag from the Southern Star Syndicate would change his story at the last second, taking all the blame on himself? With such an unexpected turn of events, I have no way to detain Justin's secretary,"
"Did the Southern Star Syndicate force him to change his testimony?" Christopher's eyes burned with anger as he slowly bent down and picked up a shard of the shattered crystal glasses. He gripped it tightly, his fingers curling around it. Crimson blood oozed through his fingers, staining his pale hand a deep red.
His face remained expressionless, and he didn't feel the pain. Instead, it relieved some of the suffocation in his chest.
"Watson is old and has accumulated many injuries from a lifetime of fighting. He has long since retired from active duty. Now, Southern Star Syndicate is managed by Elias."
Owen's voice took on a sinister tone. "Elias has close ties with Madam Sasha, Wyatt Thompson's fourth wife. If Ms. Thompson asks Madam Sasha to intervene, Elias has no reason to refuse."
"Aaron's promotion of the new drug has gone very well, except in the Southern Star Syndicate, where it keeps running into problems.
Christopher opened his palm, looking at the bloody mess with a cruel smile on his lips. "Figure out how to deal with Elias. Don't let him mess up my plans again."
Owen asked, "Do you want him dead?"
"Killing him would cause too much trouble by targeting the core of the Southern Star Syndicate. Just find a way to remove him from running the syndicate. That'll be enough."
Christopher tossed the glass shard aside and headed to the window.
When he glanced at the Damascus roses he had carefully tended, his previously sinister and cold expression softened, as if he were gazing upon a lover. His bloodied fingers gently caressed the crimson petals.
"That trash isn't worth my time or getting my hands dirty."
"Exactly. I'll take care of those lowlifes for you." Owen paused, his tone cautious yet hopeful. "Mr. Iverson, will the new drug be successfully developed?"
"It can, and it will. As long as we have sufficient test samples and accurate data, we'll be one step closer to achieving our goal."
"That's wonderful! Please inform me right away if you encounter any issues. I am at your service, ready to do whatever it takes for the new drug to be successfully developed!"
As the call ended, Taylor entered the room.
Seeing the mess and the bloodstained floor, he was alarmed and rushed over anxiously.
"Mr. Iverson! Are you injured?! I'll get a doctor to treat your injuries right away!"
"I need the medicine... Give it to me now," Christopher said, his injured hand shaking uncontrollably and
his facial muscles twitching.
Taylor swiftly retrieved a syringe from the safe and injected the drug into Christopher's vein with practiced precision.
"Mr. Iverson, I can't help but notice that your episodes have been happening more often since you used up the last batch of medicine," Taylor remarked, concern evident in his voice.
Christopher's expression softened and relaxed as he lay on the sofa.
Taylor's voice was filled with worry. "You can't keep taking this drug. Although it controls your tremors, your body has become highly dependent on it, and the side effects are only getting worse!"
"Do you think.... I haven't tried to quit?" Christopher said, gazing up at the lavish yet frigid crystal chandelier above.
He felt the world spinning, but this weightless dizziness surprisingly brought him a sense of comfort." But I can't stop. Without the injections for a while, the withdrawal symptoms are even more terrifying than kicking a drug addiction."
###chapter1996
Chapter 1996
Taylor opened his mouth anxiously but did not know what to say.
"Taylor, did the Boss cheat me?" Christopher suddenly asked hoarsely, "Is this medicine poison? Will I be dependent on it for the rest of my life?"
Before Taylor could respond, Christopher laughed self-deprecatingly. "Even if it is, it does not matter. After all, my life belongs to him. If he wants it back one day, I will have no complaints. I just can't bear to leave Bella. If I really can't stay with her, I hope that the person who can accompany her until the end of her life will be me."
At that moment, a minuscule waterproof camera at the bottom of the vase of red roses that Christopher had carefully tended to have recorded everything that was happening in the room.
For so long, this madman had turned over and taken apart everything in this private room, from the ashtrays and vases to the coffee tables and sofas. Only this pot of roses he had tended to with all his heart was safe. He refused to let anyone touch it. If someone touched it and a petal fell, they would die.
How could he have thought that someone would hide a bug there?
The scandal involving the chief secretary of the Salvador Corporation's president and drugs appeared briefly online but was swiftly suppressed by Justin.
The next morning, Ian appeared punctually at the entrance of the Salvador Corporation building. He walked in with his head held high, dispelling the rumors.
The day after receiving the medicine, Bella woke up early, planning to return to Hatchbay to find Asher and Arnold. Justin had been working continuously and was truly exhausted, so she moved cautiously, fearing she might disturb his sleep.
After washing up, Bella tiptoed barefoot to the bedside and sat down. The man's muscular chest was exposed, dotted with red marks. There was even a bite mark on his collarbone, a remnant of their intense encounter the previous night.
Bella pressed her lips together, her cheeks burning.
Her gaze wandered to his face. His thick eyelashes were lowered, looking peaceful and steady, and his thin lips were slightly curled into a satisfied smile.
"Wait for me to come back and pamper you again."
Bella, with a flushed face, leaned down to kiss him. At that moment, she was yanked forward.
Justin, who had woken up at some point, still had his eyes closed. He grabbed the back of her head and pressed her lips tightly against his.
"Mm..." Bella's teeth parted, and her breathing became rapid.
Justin's other arm wrapped around her waist. He sucked, nibbled, and intertwined his tongue with hers, turning her thoughts upside down.
He finally released her when her breathing became heavy. Panting, he traced her fading lip color with his thumb.
"Your lipstick tastes delicious."
"You're so annoying... I just put it on, and you ruined it!" Bella lightly hit his chest, pressing herself
against him.
His morning desire was evident, pressing against her stomach even through the duvet.
Justin gripped her waist and flipped her over, pinning her beneath him.
"Since you already let me taste it, why not let me have my fill?"
###chapter1997
Bella hurried back to Yara Park before noon. Upon hearing of her return, Sasha rushed downstairs like a gust of wind. "Bella!"
"Aunt Sasha!"
Bella quickly approached, and the two women embraced tightly. "This time... I owe it all to you."
"Don't say that. It's enough that you two don't blame me. You have no idea how scared I was!" Sasha's eyes reddened as she patted her chest, still shaken. "Thankfully, Elias handled it. If Mr. Harris had ended up in jail because of that little bastard from the Southern Star Syndicate, causing trouble for your husband, I would feel so guilty! How could I ever face you two again?"
"Please don't say that. Even if you hadn't helped, we would have found a way to save lan."
Bella's beautiful eyes filled with warmth as she gently patted Sasha's back. "The Southern Star Syndicate is a huge organization in Savrow with many members. It's impossible to manage everything."
"People's hearts are no longer what they used to be, and the world has grown cold!" Sasha's long, upturned eyes filled with anger as she shook her head indignantly. "Watson has become more useless with age! If not for Elias supporting them, Southern Star Syndicate would have fallen apart long ago. But Elias is not omnipotent. He's always wanted to help legitimize Southern Star Syndicate's business and lead it on the right path. But the other elders are deceitful and don't respect him. Every step he takes is extremely difficult."
Bella was silent for a moment before gently asking, "Aunt Sasha, don't you want to go back and see your father? If I remember correctly, you haven't been back in a long time."
Sasha's eyelashes flickered with a complicated emotion.
"Now that Mr. Jenkins is unable to manage Southern Star Syndicate, don't you want to go back and help him?"
"Although I am Watson's only daughter, the moment I chose to be with Wyatt, I have cut all ties with the Southern Star Syndicate. Whether the Southern Star Syndicate thrives or declines, I don't care." Sasha's eyes grew cold again, clearly rejecting the idea.
Years ago, during a terrifying and chaotic gunfight, Sasha was shot twice while protecting Wyatt, nearly losing her life. This event almost caused Watson to have a heart attack, but his daughter insisted on her path, leaving him speechless.
Unexpectedly, after recovering from her injuries, his beloved daughter insisted on marrying Wyatt, sacrificing herself completely. She even had her uterus removed to join the Thompson family, which was both shameless and reckless.
This led to the father and daughter completely severing their relationship, which had not improved over the years.
Wyatt had tried many times to persuade Sasha, but it was useless. He felt guilty, so for many years, he remained an anonymous external investor, secretly supporting the Southern Star Syndicate's operations.
Without this support, the Southern Star Syndicate would have crumbled under internal and external pressures.
Understanding the historical complications, Bella did not push further and decided to take a long-term view.
"Aunt Sasha, are Ash and Arnold here?"
"They haven't woken up since last night!" Sasha's eyes twinkled mischievously. "In all these years, I've never seen Ash sleep in like this. Arnold's charm is really something. They remind me of a poem..."
Bella's face blushed. "Aunt Sasha, it's fine to joke around, but don't say this in front of Ash and Arnold. They won't take it well."
"Ash might be thin-skinned, but Arnold would probably laugh about it secretly, hehe..."
After knocking on the door for a
while with no response, Bella knew the couple must be sleeping inside, so she boldly pushed the door open. Each family member's room in Yara Park was astonishingly large, with a living r room, master bedroom, secondary bedroom, and study. Her brothers had always doted on her and never guarded against her. 
Bella entered the room and froze in place, feeling embarrassed.
The living room floor was strewn with a man's suit jacket, tie, shirt, and belt, trailing toward the bedroom. Last night must have been intense for her brother and Arnold. This seemed to be the primary battleground.
Bella picked up and tidied their clothes. Bored, she wandered into her brother's study. As a child, she often spent entire afternoons in Asher's study, falling asleep by the window, and Asher would always gently carry her back to her room.
Bella stood by the massive
bookshelf, idly scanning the rows of
books. Her gaze fell on a book without, title on its spine in the second-to-last row. She pulled it out and hummed a tune as she flipped through the pages. It turned out to be an old, yellowed Bible 
Suddenly, something fluttered to the ground-a photograph. Curious, Bella picked it up.
Turning it over, she smiled warmly. "Really, how did Ash end up putting a photo of him and Arnold here?"
In the next moment, her pupils
contracted in shock. The man in the
photo, leaning on her brother's
shoulder, was handsome and gentle,
his eyes bright like morning stars He looked about 80% similar
to
Arnold. But upon closer inspection, it was clear the man in the photo, who was so sweetly posing with her brother, was not Arnold at all.
###chapter1998
Bella stared intently at the man in the photograph, her heart tightening and then racing wildly.
The photo was old, judging by the yellow-stained edges. The two men were close, with tender affection evident between them.
Even though the photo could not speak, Bella could tell that her brother and this man were lovers. The deep affection in their eyes was unmistakable. Asher's smile in the photo was bright and passionate, like a blooming sunflower. It was a smile she had never seen him wear, not even toward Arnold. A strange, indescribable emotion clogged Bella's chest, making her feel inexplicably uncomfortable.
Suddenly, steady footsteps echoed outside the study. Bella hurriedly returned the Bible to its place and slipped the photo into her shirt pocket. The door clicked open.
Asher entered, wearing deep blue satin pajamas. Seeing Bella, a smile immediately reached his eyes.
"Bella, when did you get here? Have you been waiting long?"
"Not too long." Bella's beautiful face stiffened slightly as she glanced outside. "Ash, is Arnold awake?"
"Not yet. He loves to sleep in. After last night's fun, I doubt he'll be up before the afternoon." Asher's dark eyes rippled with hidden emotions, and his lips curled in a gentle, indulgent smile.
Bella bit her rosy lips and took a deep breath. “Ash, close the door. I need to talk to you alone."
Asher, not thinking much of it, turned and closed the door. He walked back to her, concerned. “Bella, you don't look well. What's wrong?"
Bella lowered her eyelashes and slowly reached into her shirt pocket, pulling out the photo. She handed it to Asher.
"Ash, who is this?"
Asher looked at the photo, and his face instantly lost all color.
His heart ached fiercely, then began to pound uncontrollably. So many years had passed, yet seeing him again still made his heart race, as if it were their first meeting.
"Your former lover?" From his stunned expression, Bella received the confirmation she sought.
Asher's fingers trembled as he took the photo, his voice hoarse. "You found that Bible?"
“Accidentally. Ash, you know I can't resist 'treasure hunting' in your study.”
Asher's lips twitched, his gaze filled with sorrow. His heart felt as though it were stuffed with blood-soaked cotton.
"When I was 'The Matrix' in Overcast,
he was also one of the leaders. He saved my life more than once. He was one of the people I trusted and cared for the most in this world." 
Bella certainly knew about Overcast, as it had once been the largest gang in the country, with influence spanning the continent.
At its peak Southern Star Syndicate
could not compare to the former glory of Overcast. However, Overcast eventually disbanded, and its members scattered across the globe. 
Some core members had founded their own organizations, but none could recreate Overcast's brilliance under the command of The Matrix.
Bella lowered her voice. "Where is he now?"
"He's dead."
I
Asher felt an emptiness in his chest. The heart that had died with him all those years ago seemed to be ripped out once more, fresh and bleeding. "Six years ago, he was discovered to be an undercover agent sent by an underground organization called K from Sentania. He infiltrated Overcast to steal information and undermine our power." 
###chapter1999
Asher continued, "After his identity was exposed, K abandoned him, and the Overcast besieged him. Traitors ultimately had one fate-death." "So... back when you were The Matrix, did you execute him?" Bella's voice trembled lightly, chills spreading through her body.
Asher closed his eyes weakly, shaking his head in pain. "When I succeeded as the leader, I swore an oath that I would never kill anyone. That was my bottom line. But at that time, everyone pressured me to personally execute him."
Bella felt suffocated, her heart racing.
"In order not to make things difficult for me, he took the gun from my hands and shot himself."
When Asher spoke of the incident again, his tone was calm and deep. If not for his bloodshot eyes, Bella might have thought he was recounting someone else's story.
How could anyone watch a loved one commit suicide before their eyes?
If she were in his place, she might have picked up that gun without hesitation and followed him.
"Enough, it's all in the past... All in the past..." Asher murmured hoarsely. He pressed his chest with his battered hands as if trying to press down the bleeding wound on his heart.
"Ash, I regret his death. But I still have one question to clarify."
Bella looked at him intensely, speaking each word carefully. "Did you choose to be with Arnold because of their resemblance?"
Asher gripped the photo tightly. He lowered his head and ran his tongue over his teeth harshly.
"From the moment you saw Arnold, you were drawn to him because of his resemblance to your ex. You approached him and cared for him, not just to help me win him over, right? You wanted to see him, and you couldn't help but be close to him. Did you see him and think of that person? Do you still long for him?"
After a long silence, Asher slowly spoke, sounding like he had aged by decades. "Yes."
"Ash!" Bella's heart felt like it was burning, her eyes wide.
"Bella, perhaps you see me through a familial lens. As your big brother, I am emotionally stable, principled, respectful of elders, and loving toward my younger siblings." Asher shook his head with a bitter smile. "But I am far from what you think. In fact, I am not even as good as many ordinary people."
"Ash... How can you say that? How can you consider Arnold a substitute?!" Bella anxiously grasped his arm, her fingers digging in as if trying to embed themselves in his
flesh. Arnold gave up everythin to be with you, facing rejection and estrangement! All this time, he has devoted himself to you, to our family, and to Justin and Carrie with unwavering determination! How can you bear to do this?!" 
"Bella, I admit that my involvement with Arnold initially was indeed because of their resemblance." Asher's eyes reddened, and his fist clenched until the pain in his palm forced him to slowly release it. "But now... I truly love Arnold. It has nothing to do with his face. I love him for who he is-his soul." 
"Do you love Arnold? Or do you love the person he used to resemble more?" Bella insisted on asking.
"Bella, they can't be compared. That is a different kind of love."
"Love is love! Love in this world only varies in depth. There is no such thing as a different kind!" Bella was both anxious and angry, her chest heaving.Ash, have you thought about what would happen if Arnold found out? If he knew that he was just a substitute for an old fover, he would be devastated and furious! How can you do this? How can you bear to deceive someone who loves you so deeply?" 
Asher's pale lips opened, but no words came out.
"I want you to burn this photo and completely forget him now, in front of me!" Bella's eyes blazed with anger, and her teeth clenched tightly.
"If you truly want to spend your life with Arnold, if you truly love him, then burn it!"
###chapter2000
Asher's pupils contracted violently, and his eyes were painfully red.
He had thought those agonizing memories were buried deep in his heart over time. Ever since he and Arnold were officially together, he had not touched the cherished relics of his ex lover.
However, when Bella angrily accused him and demanded that he burn the photograph to prove his loyalty to Arnold, the pain in his heart was excruciating, as if he were being torn apart. It felt like burning his flesh and soul, not just a photograph.
Bella stared at her brother, whose sorrowful expression revealed everything he could not bear to do it.
Asher still harbored feelings for his old love. Even though that person had been dead for years, he still held a significant place in Asher's heart, so much so that it caused this normally composed man to be anguished and flustered.
"Bella, since I have been with Arnold, I have not touched these things. I have let go of him." Asher's eyes were red, almost pleading. "Please don't do this. He was my savior, after all..."
"But you loved him. Calling him your savior is just a pretext to keep him in your heart." Bella shook her head in disbelief. "If Justin were with me because I looked like his old love, even if he fell in love with me later, I wouldn't be able to accept it. I can endure his indifference when he doesn't love me, but I can't accept that our love has always been shadowed by someone else. It's not pure. It is unfair to the one being used as a substitute. I absolutely cannot accept such a deceptive love.
"You feel such a heart-wrenching pain at the thought of burning a photo. But Ash, have you ever thought about how much it would hurt Arnold if he knew you were in such pain over an old love? He is alive in front of you, yet he can't replace someone who has been dead for so many years. How could someone as proud as him endure such a blow?"
Her words cut deep, seemingly aiming to shatter Asher's already fragile soul. "Okay... I promise you."
Asher lowered his eyelids in painful resolution, giving the photo one last long look. "I will burn it and never think of him again."
Bella sighed in frustration. In fact, it was better to uncover the problem earlier. Asher likely had more keepsakes of that person than just this photo. If she could find them, it was only a matter of time before Arnold did, as Arnold was always by her brother's side. By then, it would be a ticking time bomb waiting to explode.
"Ash, are you in the study?" Arnold's lazy voice called from outside.
The siblings panicked.
"Hurry, put it away!" Bella urged, then quickly ran to the door, took a deep breath, and opened it.
"Arnold!" She smiled sweetly, standing in the doorway to block Arnold's view.
"Oh, Bella, it's you." Wearing
matching pajamas with Asher,
Arnold rubbed his sleepy eyes. The open collar exposed a pair of elegant collarbones marked with love bites. "I'm relieved that it's you." 
Bella quickly averted her gaze from his neck, her cheeks heating up. "Ahem. Arnold, Ash is inside. L came over without knowing you two were still in bed. He got up first, and we just chatted for a bit." 
Arnold chuckled. "Why are you so nervous? Did you do something bad?"
Bella blushed, her heart racing.
"Arnold." Asher stepped out then, his voice gentle but his face pale.
Arnold squinted his long, fox-like eyes and eagerly wrapped his arms around Asher's waist, passionately kissing his slightly cool lips.
Having lived overseas for a long
time, Arnold was accustomed to the free-spirited culture. He loved Asher deeply. Every morning, as long as there was time, he would seize every moment to be affectionate, wanting to meld into Asher's very being. 
Asher's long eyelashes trembled as he responded to the embrace and kiss.
Bella could not bear to look at them. It was too much. They were even more intimate than she and Justin had ever been.
"What's wrong?" Arnold asked, panting as he pulled back from the kiss.
"Mm?" Asher's gaze was momentarily dazed.
###chapter2001
Arnold blinked. His sensitive nature and closeness to Asher allowed him to notice the daze in his lover's eyes. "You look dazed. Are you feeling unwell?"
Asher's heart sank, and his voice was hoarse. "No, I'm fine."
"Arnold, I have something important to discuss with you." Bella quickly redirected his attention, pulling him toward the living room. "Ash, why are you standing there? Go get Arnold some breakfast!"
"Alright." Asher turned and left without hesitation.
Arnold looked back at him every few steps, feeling something was off, but he was unable to pinpoint it.
In the living room, Bella quickly placed the medicine she brought on the coffee table. "Arnold, could you help me analyze the ingredients of this medication? You are more skilled in this area, and you have all the necessary equipment."
"What is this?" Arnold frowned, examining the blue pill.
"Recently, there have been several sudden death cases in Savrow where the victims exhibited symptoms similar to drug overdoses. However, autopsies revealed no traces of drugs. These victims experienced convulsions, frantic movements, and madness before death, making their deaths extremely horrifying. After investigation, we found that all the victims had taken this medication before dying. This matter is serious and involves Aunt Sasha's family, the Southern Star Syndicate. So, please, Arnold, try to find out what harmful substances are in this medication."
Hearing that it involved the Southern Star Syndicate, Arnold immediately became serious. "Mr. Storm from the Southern Star Syndicate helped me before, and Aunt Sasha has been concerned about my affairs. I will definitely handle this."
Bella's eyes welled up with tears, and her lips pressed together. 'Arnold is such a good man. Ash should never hurt or deceive him. If he did, I'll never forgive him!'
"Don't worry. I will get back to you as soon as possible," Arnold assured.
Bella nodded and stood up. "I won't disturb you two lovebirds any longer. I'll head back now."
“Bella, what was up with Asher earlier? He seemed upset." Arnold called after her, his clear eyes filled with worry. He cared deeply for Asher his heart and mind were consumed by him. Just as Justin could read Bella's emotions, Arnold could see through Asher's facade. 
Bella stared at Arnold, her heart aching. The little fox loved her brother dearly. He deserved the purest and most sincere love in the world, but unfortunately...
"Nothing, maybe Ash is just tired and has not recovered yet. Haha... after all, he is getting older."
"Ah... yes," Arnold said, feeling guilty. "I was too selfish, pestering him all night last night. Next time, I will behave."
"You and Ash have such a good
relationship." Bella remarked, though her breathing grew heavier. "In ten or twenty years, if you find out that my brother is not what you thought and that he has many flaws, some even challenging your perception, would you resent him?" 
"Haha... I would never resent him. I am more afraid he will resent me.” Arnold took a bite of an apple from the fruit basket, squinting his eyes. "When we were in the US, I once ran into an ex-boyfriend. That guy still had feelings for me and said many inappropriate things, he even tried to hip Asher. Asher punched him so hard that he knocked out two of his front teeth! It was so satisfying to be protected!" 
Bella was rendered speechless.
"After we got back, I did not dare to say anything, afraid he would be angry. But then..." He trailed off, his face flushing.
"Back then, I was such a mess, yet Asher accepted me. How could I have the right to resent him? Bella, it was Asher who took me in, who gave me the love I had been desperately searching for but could not find."
Arnold's eyes burned with passion. "I will never give up on him, not even in death."
At that moment, just a wall away, Asher stood in the empty hallway, his hands trembling as he held the breakfast tray, having heard everything.
###chapter2002
Recently, Yvonne had been working even harder at Pivotage to please Christopher. However, in secret, she never stopped gathering evidence of his crimes. Despite the difficulties and the ever-present risk of death, she was determined to walk this path.
Today was Yvonne's monthly volunteer day at the orphanage. She woke up early, washed up, put on her volunteer uniform, and grabbed the gifts she had prepared for the children before hurrying out.
"Ms. Smith! You are here so early!"
"Good morning, Ms. Smith!"
"How have you been, Ms. Smith?"
The teachers and volunteers greeted Yvonne warmly. Here, she was the beloved center of attention. Yvonne responded to everyone's greetings and handed out the snacks she had made.
"Wow! Ms. Smith, you made these pineapple pies again! We love them so much!"
A young caretaker could not resist and took a bite, a look of bliss spreading across her face. "Ms. Smith, it's a pity you can only come once a month. If you could come every week, or even every day, we would be so lucky!"
Yvonne smiled gently but felt a pang in her heart. She wished she could come more often, but she couldn't. Her life was uncertain and unstable. If she suddenly stopped coming, it would be less painful for them if her visits were infrequent and detached.
"Ms. Smith, it's about time. The children are waiting for you." A teacher hurried over to remind her.
"Alright, I'm coming."
...
This classroom was quieter than the others. Yvonne wrote on the blackboard with delicate, elegant handwriting, mirroring her own refined demeanor. The children diligently copied her words, the sound of pencils scratching on paper creating a peaceful atmosphere.
At that moment, a tall figure appeared silently at the back door of the classroom. Drew lazily leaned against the door frame.
Yvonne turned around, her slender, fair hands moving gracefully in the air as she made a sign. Drew's pupils contracted, and his heartbeat quickened. He realized then that the children in this class were all deaf.
The children responded to her in sign language, yet their communication was seamless and smooth.
Drew stared intently at Yvonne, who
wore a simple work outfit and had her hair tied in a casual ponytail. Today, she looked different-no meticulously done makeup or glamorous red lips, just a fresh, clean face with natural beauty, looking nothing like Bella, 
Engrossed in her teaching, Yvonne did not notice Drew standing outside for a long time.
"Hey, sir, how did you get in here?" A teacher ran over, surprised.
"Huh?" Drew narrowed his dark eyes. "I walked in."
"Who are you looking for? Outsiders can't just come in here. Please leave."
Their conversation was loud enough to catch Yvonne's attention. Seeing the familiar figure that made her heart race, Yvonne hurriedly rushed to the door. "Oh! This is... This is my friend!"
Drew stood with his hands in his pockets, glancing sideways at her.
Yvonne was blushing nervously, with a slightly breathless face, looking like a shy young girl. His eyes could not help but darken.
“Oh, Ms. Smith, he's your friend? Alright, then. You two go ahead." The teacher walked away, smiling knowingly.
In the quiet corridor, Yvonne and
Drew stood with a ray of warm
sunlight between them, gazing at
each other. As he walked toward et
her, the sunlight highlighted his handsome features, and the breeze tousled his hair, making him look charming. 
He stopped in front of her, their proximity almost unbearable. Drew's charming lips curled teasingly. "Thank you for helping me out, Ms. Smith.” "Why... Why are you here?" Yvonne pressed her back against the wall, her heart racing uncontrollably. She tried to calm herself, as if afraid he could hear it.
"Why do you think?" Drew leaned against the wall beside her head, his handsome, roguish face moving closer and his intense presence overwhelming her.
"Stop fooling around... I need to get
met
back to my class. Let me go.” Yvonne's face flushed under his burning gaze, her body trembling lightly dt felt like a sparkling stone had been thrown into her calm heart, creating ripples. 
Drew raised an eyebrow, his lips brushing against her flushed ear. "Then kiss me. Kiss me, and I'll let you go."
###chapter2003
"You...!" Yvonne glared at him, her eyes glistening with tears of embarrassment.
Drew smirked mischievously, tapping his lips with his fingertip. Suddenly, his expression hardened as he turned his head abruptly.
The front and back doors of the classroom were filled with children, their little heads stacked against one another as they eagerly watched the adults. It was amusing, but since they could not speak, they could only observe silently.
"You pervert!" Yvonne's face turned crimson, and she pushed him away forcefully, quickly slipping past him and shooing the children back into the classroom.
Her exclamation sounded more like playful banter to Drew, who found it rather delightful. His smile broadened.
After calming the children, Yvonne returned to the podium. To her dismay, Drew had shamelessly dragged a chair to the back of the classroom and was sitting there, arms folded on the desk, blinking his bright eyes at her like an obedient student.
Yvonne's heart raced under his gaze. She took a deep breath, regained her composure, and finished her lesson.
After class, the children happily left with the little gifts Yvonne had given them. Drew, however, remained seated, resting his chin on his hand and smiling at her.
Yvonne pressed her lips together, holding back her irritation, as she walked over to him. Before she could say anything, Drew extended his long hand with his palm open and looked at her expectantly. "Ms. Smith, where's mine?"
"You don't get one." Yvonne's long eyelashes fluttered.
"Really? Ms. Smith, that's not fair." Drew's face fell, looking almost comically disappointed.
Yvonne's heart pounded as she bit her lip and slowly pulled a small plush rabbit keychain from her pocket. "You got lucky... This is the last one."
Drew looked at the little rabbit and then at her. Somehow, he thought that they looked alike.
When he did not take it, Yvonne hesitated, feeling embarrassed. "Well, I guess Young Master Drew has seen better things. Why would you care about this..."
Suddenly, he grabbed her hand,
holding it tightly. Yvonne's fingertips grew sweaty, and her ears turned red as she watched him carefully extract the little rabbit from ber hand. 
"Of Setcare. You saved it for
tucked it into his chest et
it protectively. "Thank you, Smith." t
to
"I have work to do, so I can't stay with you. You should leave," Yvonne said, lowering her eyes and turning to go.
"Ms. Smith," Drew called, smiling. "Your sign language is impressive. Could you teach me something? Just one sentence."
Yvonne took a deep breath, then turned to face him. She looked into his bright, star-like eyes, her expression becoming serious.
Drew watched as she raised her
hand, pointed to her chest with her left hand, then lifted her left thumb. She touched the back of her thumb with her right finger and finally pointed at him. 
The simplicity of her movements entranced him. Despite the lack of sound, it felt like the most beautiful language in the world. "That's it," Yvonne said, lowering her hand.
"That's it? So short?"
"If it were longer, you wouldn't remember. Let's take it step by step."
"What does it mean?" Drew asked, puzzled.
"I'm not telling you." Yvonne quickly walked to the classroom door.
"Hey, hey, you didn't teach me something rude, did you?" Drew called after her, but Yvonne had already disappeared.
He sat there for a while, then carefully took the little rabbit from his pocket, gently stroking it with a look of pure joy.
###chapter2004
Though Yvonne tried to send Drew away quickly, this man was tenacious and persistent, shamelessly hanging around.
However, he did not disturb her. Instead, he stood silently at a distance. He watched Yvonne cook with the cafeteria ladies, her slender frame effortlessly stirring a large black pot. She picked, washed, and chopped vegetables with practiced ease, without a hint of pretense, as if she had done this her entire life.
Drew crossed his arms, growing more captivated by the sight. Yvonne, busy and sweating, had a few strands of hair stuck to her cheeks, looking a bit disheveled. To him, she appeared absolutely stunning in this moment.
Usually, when they met, she resembled a flawless, exquisite artwork, captivating men's eyes and hearts. But this time, she was even more beautiful because she seemed more alive and real.
When the orphanage began serving food, as Yvonne's "friend", Drew was lucky enough to join the children for a meal. Yvonne and two other teachers stood in a line, serving food to the children one by one.
"Thank you, Ms. Smith!" The children's clear voices and beaming smiles were heartwarming. Yvonne responded warmly, her hands constantly busy.
After some time, she paused and raised her eyes in surprise. Drew stood there with a tray, his gaze intense as he met her astonished look. He smiled brightly. "Ms. Smith, I can eat a lot. Fill it up, please."
Yvonne's heart fluttered as she bit her lip, feeling unsure of herself. The other teachers exchanged knowing smiles at the sight of her flushed cheeks. "Finish your meal and leave quickly," Yvonne whispered, her voice barely audible to anyone but them. Yet she still filled his plate generously.
"With this much food, I'll be here for quite a while. Besides..." Drew leaned closer, his eyes sparkling. "It's rare to see you. How could I leave without looking at you a few more times?"
His flirtatious words always made Yvonne's heart skip a beat. But she forced herself to stay clear-headed and to not desire him or fall deeper for him. Because it was impossible, because she was undeserving, because there was no future for them... 
She was just an orphan kept by Christopher, used and abused by countless men. Not to mention, this beautiful face made her feel deeply insecure.
Yvonne could not believe that Drew would genuinely care for a pathetic and cheap plaything like her who wore his sister's face.
...
In the afternoon, some children were in class while others took naps. Yvonne sat on a small stool in the washroom, her slender hands soaking in warm water as she washed the children's clothes.
"Why not use a washing machine? This is so tiring," Drew said, standing in front of her.
She looked up at him, her clear face
shining, then lowered her head, continuing her work. "Children's clothes get very dirty. Washing machines can't clean them properly. The children here have no family to take care of them, and the teachers can't manage everything. help with. what I can. You lived a life of luxury, so you wouldn't understand." "Why wouldn't understand? I used to hand-wash my sister's clothes and underwear when she was a child," Drew said, pulling a small stool to sit opposite her. He took off his coat and rolled up the sleeves of his black shirt, revealing strong, veiny forearms. 
“You washed them yourself? You must have had many helpers...” Yvonne's almond-shaped eyes widened in disbelief.
"My sister is my responsibility. No one else is allowed to touch her things!" Drew said it proudly, as if it were a matter of great pride.
He skillfully picked up a wet garment and started scrubbing. The sight of a dignified special agent doing common household chores with such dedication was unexpectedly endearing.
###chapter2005
Yvonne's voice was faint. "What a pervert."
Drew's handsome face darkened. "It's called being a doting brother! You wouldn't understand!"
It was not just about that. Their mother had summoned her four sons to her side before she passed away, repeatedly urging them to take care of their sister with all their heart and strength.
"Don't cry, babies... Don't think that Mommy is gone forever... I will always be watching over you from the sky."
As his thoughts drifted, Drew felt a lump in his throat, his eyes silently reddening.
"How wonderful," Yvonne murmured, staring at her reflection in the water, which closely resembled Bella. She quickly covered the image with clothes. "Ms. Bella is truly a fortunate girl."
'Same face, different fates,' Yvonne thought to herself.
Bella was a pampered rose, while Yvonne was just an empty shell, a puppet at the mercy of others. To think that Christopher fantasized about using her as a substitute... What a madman with a wild imagination!
"Ms. Smith, what about you? Where's your family?" Drew asked nonchalantly while scrubbing clothes. "After all these years with Christopher, didn't your family ever care about what kind of life you were living?"
"I'm an orphan. I grew up in an orphanage without parents. Even this name was given to me by Mr. Iverson." Yvonne's voice was calm, and her eyes were devoid of emotion.
Drew's smile was faint. "No wonder you volunteer here. Is it to relive childhood memories?"
"Relive what?" Yvonne also smiled, her tone dismissive. "Relive how I was beaten, scolded, and starved for three days and nights?"
Drew's heart skipped a beat, and he looked up in shock, gazing deeply at her.
"Not all orphanages are a child's salvation. Some are like a living hell," Yvonne said, her hands red from scrubbing. Her voice was as soft as a feather. "In a way, I have to thank Mr. Iverson. If he hadn't rescued me that cold and hungry night, would have died on the streets. He took me in, and that's why I'm alive today."
But she did not tell him that Christopher had led her into a hell far worse than being beaten, scolded, or starved-a place of blood and terror.
"For a woman, your
mental
resilience is truly impressive." Drew
tried to sound nonchalant as he wrung out a piece of clothing. "If it were me, such a psychological trauma might keep me from ever setting foot here again." 
"Because I've been through the rain, I want to hold an umbrella for others. Having suffered in a place like this, I don't want the children here to go through what I did. Seeing their happy faces makes me truly content."
Yvonne's smile was as warm as the sun, and her words came from the heart.
Drew's thin lips formed a line, moved by her sincerity. He knew that she was not only helping the children but also trying to heal her own scarred childhood.
A teacher called out from the doorway, "Ms. Smith, could you come here for a moment?"
“I'm coming,” Yvonne replied quickly, standing up and drying her hands with her coat before hurrying away.
At that moment, Drew heard a soft clink. A silver glinted in the afternoon sunlight. Drew approached, bent down, and picked up the pendant Yvonne had dropped.
In the sunlight, he narrowed his dark
n
eyes and examined the item closely. With a soft click, the round pendant opened, revealing a picture of a young girl. Her face was unfamiliar, innocent, and delicate, silently tugging at his heartstrings. 
###chapter2006
Yvonne returned to the utility room. As soon as she stepped through the door, she felt someone grab her arm.
Suddenly, a warm, muscular body pressed against her. Yvonne trembled as they locked eyes. She was immediately captivated by the man's sharp gaze.
She had always lived in darkness, but she felt like his eyes were a ray of sunlight.
"Ms. Smith, did you forget something when you left earlier?" Drew teased.
"What..." Yvonne clung to the wall, her chest heaving.
Drew smirked, his nose brushed against hers, gentle and playful. He whispered, "You forgot to take my heart."
Yvonne's expression cleared, and she burst into laughter.
"Tsk, what's so funny?" Drew raised an eyebrow.
"Young Master Drew, you've never had a serious girlfriend before, am I right? Most girls wouldn't be able to stand such a corny joke." Yvonne covered her mouth and giggled uncontrollably.
He pouted and clicked his tongue. "It's so romantic!"
“A funny pickup line is just a joke.” Before Yvonne could finish speaking, she saw her silver necklace being dangled in front of her.
"My necklace! Give it back to me!" Yvonne touched her neck in panic. She did not realize it had fallen off.
She reached out to grab it, but Drew held it high out of her reach. She stood on her tiptoes, desperate to reach it.
"The pretty girl in the locket... Who is she?"
"Just a friend!"
Yvonne flushed red, jumping for the necklace.
"Do you have friends? Even if you wanted to, would Mr. Iverson allow that?" Drew replied skeptically.
"My sister. That's my sister!" Yvonne's voice hitched, embarrassed to have been caught in a lie.
"You just told me earlier that you're
an orphan. How would you have a sister?" Drew's expression darkened. His grip tightened around the locket. "If you won't tell the truth, Ms. Smith, I'll just have to keep this and return it next time we meet." 
Yvonne was on the verge of tears and desperately blurted out. "It's me!”
Drew stared at her, his gaze intense and heavy.
"The person in the photo is me. It's a photo from when I was 20 years old, before I became Bella. It's the only photo I have left of myself."
Yvonne's heart weighed heavily, and
her throat choked up as she tried to speak. "After my plastic surgery, Mr. Iverson destroyed all my old photos. I managed to secretly keep this one... That's all I have left. If I lose it, I'm afraid I'll forget my own appearance one day. If that happens, no one will remember that Yvonne ever existed in this world. I would be no different from a walking corpse." 
She played the role of Bella by Christopher's side and followed all the rules. Yet she yearned every day to be herself again.
"So... please, give it back to me." As she spoke, silent tears traced a path down her face, falling heavy on Drew's heart.
He gently took her hand and placed the locket in her palm.
By the time they left the orphanage, night had fallen. Drew hadn't
expected Yvonne to stay there the
e
entire day. She, in turn, hadn't expected him to accompany her all day. 
"I'm going to head back now. Goodbye."
"Yvonne."
She turned around slowly, and her eyes widened in surprise.
A small cluster of flowers shone brilliantly from a sparkler lit in Drew's hand. The sparks danced like fairies in the night.
He smiled back at her as he traced beautiful patterns into the air.
###chapter2007
Yvonne stared back at him, speechless, tears gathering in her eyes. She clenched her fists tightly as she struggled to contain herself. “Come on, let's play together." Drew sauntered up to her, handing her a sparkler. His eyes shone brighter than all the stars.
Yvonne took it, her hands trembling.
The orphanage was in a remote location, and it was not likely he had purchased something so romantic from somewhere nearby. He must have prepared this in advance.
With a hiss, the sparkler in her hand lit up, and its light flickered across her delicate face. She could not help but smile, looking more and more like the girl in the photograph.
"Last time, there was a fireworks show that stunned the whole city. Did you like it?" Drew suddenly asked, glancing at her.
Yvonne stared into her sparkler, her voice soft. "Yes."
"Even if you enjoyed it, it doesn't matter now. I'm not as rich as Ryan, so I can't afford to spend millions on a grand romantic gesture."
Yvonne offered him a faint smile, long used to his blunt way of speaking. "No, this is great."
Yvonne's gentle smile outshone any fireworks. “As long as it belongs to me, it is the best in the world."
She had never had anything to call her own before. Even a little sweetness was cherished as a precious treasure.
When the last sparkler was about to fizzle out, Drew turned his head, whispering in her ear with unprecedented tenderness. "You are not the only one who remembers what you really look like now."
Yvonne's eyelashes were heavy with tears as she abruptly turned to face him.
He wrapped his arm around her shoulders, his large hand cupped the back of her neck, as he gently brought their foreheads together. "I will remember for you too."
As she met his eyes, her cheeks flushed, and her heart pounded in her chest.
The sparkler went out, but the fire in their eyes burned on.
Suddenly, Yvonne's phone rang, breaking the intimate atmosphere.
She quickly cleared her throat in embarrassment, pulling away from Drew and turning to take out her phone.
Taylor's name on the screen shattered the fantasy and brought her back to her cruel reality.
"Hello," Yvonne answered, her voice hoarse.
"Ms. Smith, Mr. Iverson wants you to entertain two guests from Terranova tonight." Taylor's tone was strictly business.
All the warmth drained from Yvonne's body, and a chill ran down her spine.
She quickly moved toward her car, afraid Drew would catch even half a word.
"What kind of guests? Officials? Or business partners?"
"Mr. Iverson only wants you to keep them happy. You don't need to know more than that."
Yvonne's heart clenched. She knew Christopher had his guard up around her, not even willing to tell her the guests' information.
Taylor sensed her wariness, and after a brief silence, he continued, "They are Mr. Iverson's business partners. This deal is very important to him, as he plans to enter the Terranova market. So, Ms. Smith, please put in extra effort. You have already displeased Mr. Iverson multiple times. Why not use this opportunity to regain his favor? Your future will be better if you cooperate." 
He sounded genuine for once.
"Alright, I will return to the headquarters to prepare," Yvonne replied coldly. "The guests are not there."
Yvonne swallowed. All these years, she has always entertained guests at the headquarters and never once left. Christopher has never allowed her to leave. But this time, the rules changed. 
Taylor said, "The exact address will be sent to you shortly."
Then the call ended abruptly. Yvonne stared blankly at the black screen, a wave of dizziness hitting her.
She could hear Drew's footsteps
approaching her. Not daring to look
back, she scrambled into her ca. 40%
and sped away, disappearing into the night. 
###chapter2008
At midnight, Yvonne sat in her car outside a suburban villa.
She had changed into a fiery red, skin-tight dress. Her long black hair was styled into a bun, adorned with a gold hairpin. She looked elegant and stunning, fitting the aesthetic Christopher required of her. However, what she was about to do was filthy to the core.
Her icy fingertips brushed the hem of her dress as she let out a bitter laugh. It was such a fine silk garment, so luxurious, only to be wasted on those beasts, along with her dignity.
Just as Yvonne was about to get out of the car, a video call came through on her phone. It was Oscar.
They only communicated through video calls and text messages in private, as these could not be monitored.
"Oscar." Yvonne forced a smile as she faced the screen.
“Ms. Smith... Are you going to..." Oscar's voice choked up when he saw her striking appearance. Being from the headquarters himself, he knew all too well what it meant when Yvonne was dressed like this.
"Why did you call? Is everything okay on your end?" Yvonne quickly changed the subject.
"I'm fine. But, Ms. Smith, the two people you are meeting tonight are not ordinary people!" Oscar's expression turned serious. "According to my investigations, these two are likely connected to the batch of products that Aaron bought! Getting close to them might give us more clues about those products. If we can get hold of it, we can greatly increase our chances of bringing down Christopher."
Upon hearing this, the dark clouds over Yvonne's heart cleared. Her dim eyes now shone with determination.
"I will do my best to extract valuable information. Oscar, thank you for telling me this!"
"Ms. Smith, please be careful!" Oscar's voice was laced with worry, a sense of unease gnawing at him. "It's strange that Christopher is sending you to a second location without letting Taylor accompany you. I'm afraid...”
"That won't happen." Yvonne's voice was calm as she continued. "Christopher hasn't acted against me yet, which means he still finds me useful. I know him too well. He wouldn't discard anything or anyone until he squeezed out every bit of value. While he still sees me as necessary, he will definitely protect me."
This time, Yvonne was not the only entertainment. Four other girls from the headquarters were also there.
In the luxurious room, two guards stood in dark corners with guns, and the girls had no choice but to serve the two portly foreigners.
Yvonne sat at the edge of the sofa. Her eyes were bloodshot as she watched the debauchery with burning anger. Her chest heaved, but she was helpless to stop it.
If she intervened and ruined Christopher's grand plan, the girls' fate would be far worse.
The two men, with a girl in each lap, spoke openly in a foreign language.
"The products Mr. Iverson provided this time are extraordinary! He said we could sell it freely without fear of police inspections." "Oh? Why's that?"
Yvonne's ears pricked at the
mention of the products, carefully eavesdropping. The brutes could never have imagined that one of the women present could speak heir language. 
"It's a hidden drug disguised as medicine. We can sell it legally as e
medication.. With this, we can
control both the underworld and the legitimate business of Terranova. I heard that this drug is not only
highly addictive but also has genuine therapeutic effects. It's amazing!"
Yvonne's eyes widened in shock. 'A drug that could treat diseases was this medicine or poison?'
Suddenly, she understood why Aaron, a respected member of a renowned pharmaceutical family, would risk everything to cooperate with Christopher.
If this drug could be disguised as medicine Christopher might use the Larson family as a front to legitimize the drug, thus controlling the Savrow pharmaceutical market. It was despicable! 
"Hahaha... Why don't we try it out tonight?" One of them suggested tossing a packet of blue pills onto the coffee table.
Yvonne stared at the blue pills, her heart clenching.
The men grabbed the girls' hair, forcing them to tilt their heads back, and tried to shove the blue pills down their throats. The girls struggled frantically. "No! Please, no!"
“Damn it! Eat it!” He slapped one of the girls hard, while the other man forcefully pried her mouth open.
At that moment, a slender hand grabbed the man's arm. They looked up to see Yvonne smiling, her eyes as cold as ice.
"Gentlemen, these girls are young and timid. Don't waste your time with them. It's just a few pills. I'll take them."
###chapter2009
The girls stared in shock at Yvonne, who stood calmly before the two devils incarnate. She was as thin and frail as they were, yet at that moment, she
cast a tall and unyielding shadow.
The two men exchanged glances, and one leered at her.
"Then you take two! Tell us how it feels after you swallow them."
They knew this woman was different from the other girls and that she was somehow important to Christopher, so they did not dare let her take too much.
Yvonne poured two blue pills into her palm and stared at them intently. After only a moment of hesitation, she swallowed the pills one by one, without water. With their eyes filled with tears, the girls watched with bated breath.
Within a minute, Yvonne felt a buzzing in her head, her heartbeat quickened, and her muscles spasmed uncontrollably.
"Ms. Smith! Ms. Smith!"
She heard the girls calling her name anxiously. But the next second, the world was spinning, and she fell backward, losing consciousness.
When Yvonne opened her eyes again, she found herself in a luxurious room. The style of the room told her she was still in the villa, in the middle of unknown dangers.
She sat up, relieved that her dress was still intact, indicating no foul play.
Her hand trembled as she brought her hand to her heart, still racing uncontrollably, her mind a foggy haze.
The drug's effect was strong. There was no euphoric sensation, only torment. She genuinely thought she was going to die earlier. What fresh horror was this?
Yvonne heard the shower running in the adjoining bathroom.
She knew what was going to happen next.
Tonight, she was destined to be a man's plaything. But even as a toy, she would exhaust every bit of her value.
Still thinking about the drug, she recalled that the men had more than just the two pills she swallowed.
She moved silently to the sofa and rummaged through the man's clothes. It wasn't long before she found more blue pills in his suit pocket. She clutched the pills tightly.
"Hey! What are you doing?!"
A harsh voice came from behind her. Her heart pounded wildly as she turned around stiffly. The plump man glared at her, his body barely covered by a towel.
The shower was still running.
She had let her guard down and had not noticed he had finished.
"You filthy slut, how dare you go through my things?!" He advanced on her, grinding his teeth.
Her dress, clinging to her slender frame, was soaked with cold sweat. Her hands clenched into fists as she retreated slowly.
When she had entered the villa, they had searched her. She had no phone and no weapon. She thought quickly and pulled the hairpin from her bun, her long, dark hair cascading like fine silk. 
"Don't come any closer!"
She pointed the sharp hairpin at him. "Don't think I am at your mercy! I could kill you with this!"
The man laughed arrogantly and reached behind him. The next moment, the black muzzle of a gun was aimed between her eyes.
This man was a vicious drug dealer who had undoubtedly killed many people in the past and had countless enemies. Naturally, he even carried a weapon while showering. 
"Hand over what you took from me!" The man demanded, eyes blazing.
Yvonne clenched her jaw. She was cornered and desperate, but her eyes were resolute. "Don't ask me again. I won't give it to you!"
"Don't think I won't touch you just
because you're Mr. Iverson's woman! The man sneered. "You're just a toy he gave me. If he truly cared about you, why would he let you sleep with other men? 
His words did not sting the way he intended. She was glad Christopher had never had feelings for her. This made her resolve to turn against him unshakable.
Faced with Yvonne's defiance, the man lost his patience. He released the safety on the gun and pulled the trigger.
Bang!
The gun dropped from his hand as he let out a scream, clenching his now-bleeding wrist.
A bullet had shot him through the window of the dim room. Yvonne's eyes widened, her heart pounding with renewed vigor. The glass shattered as a familiar figure crashed through the window, his eyes wild and his hair littered with broken shards.
"Who... Who are you?!" The man trembled as he glared at the man who strode toward him.
Yvonne's eyes were filled with tears as she recognized his unruly smile.
His black coat flapped in the wind as Drew nonchalantly brushed the glass from his hair.
“Me?” He glanced at Yvonne, his lips curving into a confident smile. “I'm her man.”
###chapter2010
Yvonne stared at the man's confident smirk, her heart racing, thinking she must have heard wrongly.
For twenty-five years, she had been Christopher's accessory, just a tool for his convenience, with nothing to call her own. But now Drew had boldly claimed he was her man.
He was hers...
The man swore angrily and bent to grab the gun on the floor, but Drew was faster and shot him twice more, hitting his left shoulder and right leg. The man fell, howling and collapsing to his knees.
Yvonne immediately stepped forward, picking up the gun and aiming it at the man.
"Don't! Don't kill me!" He begged, realizing he was still only in a towel.
"Tell me! What exactly did Christopher sell you? Is it medicine or drugs?" Yvonne's eyes were full of fire, like those of a freed beast after years of hiding. "What other schemes are you involved in? Spill everything!"
Drew watched her silently, raising his eyebrows slightly.
For someone of his status, high-born socialites, officials, and even princesses were slated as his partners. But he was never interested.
He had no interest in noble backgrounds or even love. He wanted freedom and excitement.
Initially, he was drawn to Yvonne due to the adrenaline rush of their confrontations. But over time, he became addicted to this feeling, always itching to see her over and over again.
Tonight, that feeling only intensified. He could no longer bear to watch her flirt with other men.
Thus, despite the danger and trouble it would bring him, he had to come for her.
The man stammered, "He... He said it's a drug! A banned substance imported from abroad!"
"From where?" Drew asked.
"I... I don't know... I really don't know!"
Yvonne glared at him, pressing the gun hard against his forehead. "You won't cry until you see the coffin, will you?"
"It's true. I don't know! Christopher would never tell us distributors about the source. He keeps the big money for himself, and we only get a small share! But... But one time at the headquarters, he answered a call in a private room. I was drunk and didn't hear him clearly, but I vaguely heard something about drugs and experiments..."
"Experiments?" Yvonne and Drew both frowned.
"I don't know anything else. I really don't know anything else!"
"Drugs, experiments?" Drew's mind raced, recalling the terrifying man he saw on the car hood while taking Bella to the hospital. He suddenly understood and let out a cold laugh. 
"It looks like Christopher's business is not as simple as it seems. The drugs are just a cover."
Yvonne quickly pieced together the recent information she and Oscar had gathered. The outline of Christopher's vast conspiracy was finally forming in her mind.
At that moment, footsteps echoed in the corridor outside the room. It was likely that the guards were responding to the sound of gunshots.
The man's eyes darted around as he shouted. "Help! Someone's broken in! Help!"
Drew remained calm, but his eyes were stormy. As he prepared to fire, Yvonne shot first, a bullet piercing the man's forehead. There was no hesitation.
The man's mouth gaped, his face contorted in agony, and he fell back, dead.
Drew stared openly at Yvonne's face, his chest heaving with uncontrolled breaths.
"He couldn't give us any more useful information. His life was not worth saving," Drew said.
Yvonne was trembling, either from
the first time she had killed a person
or from the drug's side effects. When she spoke, her voice shook. “If this situation reaches Christopher, the consequences will be severe." 
"You're right. Christopher won't spare you either," Drew said in a gravelly voice.
Yvonne took a deep breath and shook her head. "I'm not afraid of dying. I'm only afraid of the news leaking and Christopher finding out that someone has discovered his schemes. He will destroy
evidence and clean him the Dis!
up. We
finally got a lead, and we can't afford to tip him off." 
Drew's gaze intensified as he walked toward her.
Yvonne, alarmed, pushed against his chest. "Go! Leave quickly! I'll handle this. Go!"
"We'll leave together," Drew said decisively, showing no fear.
Yvonne shook her head vehemently as he grabbed the hand she had pressed against his chest.
"If I leave now, even if I survive, I would have no value. I want to live with purpose. Drew, you wouldn't understand."
'I wouldn't understand? How could I not understand? I'm the one who understood her most in this world!' Drew's eyes blazed with determination.
His lips parted to speak just as the door was smashed open.
When two guards rushed in, Drew and Yvonne both turned to the door, raising their guns.
###chapter2011
Bang!
Their eyes sharpened, and they fired at the same time. At this moment, their minds were in sync, merging into one.
The two subordinates fell to the ground with a thud.
"Drew! Leave now!" Yvonne's heart thumped anxiously, her voice desperate and hoarse.
"Come with me!" Drew's eyes were heavy with determination. His right hand, holding the gun, was still pointing at the door. He wrapped his left hand around her waist, pulling her into his embrace without hesitation and tightening his grip.
Sparks flew when their eyes met. It was as if they were the most important person in each other's lives.
At this moment, two other guards rushed in.
Drew and Yvonne simultaneously shot at them, not even taking a glance at the door.
"Drew, what are you doing?!" The corner of Yvonne's eyes turned red, her heaving chest pressing against his, stirring his emotions. "Are you hoping we could die together?"
"Can you make it more romantic?" Drew's bright and shining eyes curved like crescent moons, with intense emotions rippling underneath. "I will be with you through thick and thin, life and death."
Instantly, Yvonne's heart skipped a beat, and her fair face flushed. No matter how much she tried to restrain herself, tears welled up in her eyes. She spoke softly, deep inferiority seeping through her choked voice. "Stop messing around. Dying together with someone like me is an insult to you." Drew's chest tightened. He kept increasing the force of his hand holding her waist, as if he were trying to crush her bones.
"If you die, Ms. Bella, Justin, your father, brothers, and the whole family will be devastated." Yvonne's tone was indifferent. "But if I die, it's like a drop of rain vanishing in a puddle. It won't cause any ripples. My death won't sadden anyone, and nobody will remember it. So, Drew, please... You must stay alive."
"Who said nobody would be sad or remember you?" Drew's gaze was intense, his breath heavy. "Yvonne, do you not see me as a human? Do I not have a heart?"
"Perhaps you will. But it's alright. I'm merely a passerby in your life. Sadness is temporary. Slowly, time could heal anything."
Yvonne had been taking this path alone. Her heart was already riddled with wounds, covered in scars.
Nobody cared about her, and nobody treated her wounds. Time was her only friend.
"Stop talking nonsense. If I wanted to leave, I would've never come in the first place!" Drew frowned in frustration and grabbed her hand. “With me around, nothing will happen to you. We will both be fine!"
At Pivotage, Taylor quickly ran to meet Christopher.
"Mr. Christopher! Your prediction came true! Drew fell into our trap and went to find Ms. Yvonne alone!"
Christopher had just injected himself and was lying on the sofa, enjoying the exciting, dizzy sensation.
His usually meticulous collar was messed up, and his long legs lazily spread apart. The glass in his hands tilted toward the ground, spilling half of the wine.
Upon seeing this scene, Taylor was inexplicably uncomfortable.
Christopher had been taking drugs more frequently, which was clearly not a good thing. Besides, taking too many drugs and drinking would slowly destroy his body.
If his body collapsed, what was the meaning of everything he gained through hard work?
"The Thompsons are all lovesick fools willing to sacrifice themselves for love."
Christopher closed his eyes and snorted disdainfully. "I thought Drew would surprise me, but it turns out he's just the same. However, putting himself in danger for a woman like that? He's too foolish." 
"Even a hero can't resist the charm of a beauty." Taylor smiled coldly "Since the fish had taken the bait, I'll send out word to get rid of him tonight!" 
"Okay." Christopher agreed.
"Ms. Yvonne is still inside. I'll think of a way to get her out..."
"No need."
Christopher half-closed his cold eyes. "They are so in love with each other. Since they want to die together, I'll grant their wish."
Taylor's eyes widened in surprise, stunned. “Mr. Christopher... Ms. Yvonne has been with you for so many years. Are you really going to abandon her?!"
"Why, are you unwilling?"
"No... It's not that..."
Taylor hesitated. “Ms. Yvonne has contributed much for you over the years, and Pivotage can't function without her. Besides...”
"She's just a substitute. What she
does can easily be replaced by
another woman I choose to train.
e
Her only value to me was to become bait to lure Drew. Now that I've achieved my aim, she has nomore value to me." 
A chill ran down Taylor's spine, and his heart tightened. "But Mr. Christopher..."”
At this moment, Christopher sat up from the sofa. The pot of red roses, which he took great care of like a lover, was placed on the coffee table.
Suddenly, Christopher grabbed the rose stalks with pale fingers.
Taylor exclaimed, "Mr. Christopher! Beware of the thorns!"
Christopher's expression did not change. The next second, he uprooted the entire plant!
With a clang, a small listening device fell out from the soil.
###chapter2012
Drew held Yvonne's hand firmly, and the two sprinted through the gorgeous but dangerous hallway.
Assassins continuously rushed out to shoot at them. Drew shielded Yvonne in his arms, but it did not affect his speed of drawing the gun at all. With accurate and precise shots, he shot each assassin in the head, one by one.
At this moment, someone lunged at them from the left.
Before Drew could turn around, Yvonne's eyes darkened.
Instantly, she accurately slit the attacker's throat using the golden hairpin in her hand. Blood gushed out, splattering on her dress.
Drew glanced sideways at her, his heart uncontrollably pounding against his chest, and the adoration beneath his eyes was like crashing waves.
"Phew... That was close." Yvonne wiped the sweat on her face with the back of her hand, but it merely smeared the blood all over her face, adding to her breathtaking charm.
Assassins were everywhere, scouring the villa like hyenas, searching for them.
Unable to escape for the moment, Yvonne found the garage filled with clutter. They hid inside and locked the door, using racks to barricade it. "Drew, I can't go with you."
No matter how reluctant Yvonne was, she must make a decision. "I'll stay here to distract them. It shouldn't be hard for you to slip away with your abilities. If we keep moving together, it'll only make Christopher's men even more reckless! We will really die here!"
"Are you that unwilling to die with me?" Drew raised his brows, still holding her hand tightly and refusing to let go for a bit.
"I'm unwilling," Yvonne said immediately and turned her blood-stained face away. "I still have many things to do. Even if I die, it cannot be today!" Drew's eyes reddened, his throat bobbing as he suddenly pressed her against the wall and lowered his head to kiss her.
Yvonne's heart trembled, and she hurriedly covered his mouth with her hand in a panic.
The man's gaze darkened, but the desire in his eyes did not diminish at all.
"No..." Yvonne's eyes glistened with tears, her thin shoulders trembling slightly. "I'm filthy."
She loved him so, so much.
Therefore, she wanted him to remain pure and noble. Even if he had a lover in the future, it should be a perfect woman, not a run-through flower like her.
A strong sense of pain surged in Drew's chest, making his eyes wet.
He forcefully removed her hand from his mouth and said in a husky voice, "I'll kill whoever dares to say that you're dirty."
A hot and determined kiss landed on her lips, deep and domineering. Their lips and tongues entwined, breath mingling...
Staring into the man's gentle eyes, Yvonne fell deeper and deeper.
This was her first kiss.
She was satisfied... She could die now with no regrets.
After several moments of entanglement, they parted from each other, panting. A crystal-clear thread fell between their slightly swollen lips.
Yvonne's face was bright red as she took his hand and placed something in his palm.
"Hmm? A token of love?" Drew raised his brows and opened his palm, stunned when he saw a blue pill. "What is this?"
"The pills that man mentioned are
drugs that Christopher is asking him to export." Yvonne looked at him
intensely got this while
rummaging through that man's
body. You must get out of here alive and give this to Ms. Bella and Mr. Justin. 
"Let them investigate what this substance is. It's best if they could find where the source came from! You must also tell them about Christopher possibly using drug addicts to carry out experiments in secret."
"Yvonne..." Drew's breath hitched, his grip on her waist tightening.
“I've been gathering information by Christopher's side. There's two more things I discovered."
Yvonne knew what he wanted to
say, but there was no time to act lovey-dovey. "Firstly, Christopher has secret dealings with the Larson. family's eldest son, Aaron Larson. It might be related to this drug.
Secondly, be careful of Deputy Chief Owen Hopkins. He's one of
Christopher's pawns!" 
She spoke quickly and anxiously, as if this might be the last time they met.
At this time, they smelled an increasingly strong smoke.
"Shit! The villa is on fire!" Yvonne's eyes widened in terror as she looked outside the window.
Flames were reflected on the glass window, baring their claws like a demon eager to devour them alive.
"Ha. It seems that you were too idealistic." Drew felt his body temperature rising rapidly, but he was fearless, holding Yvonne's nape and rubbing it to comfort her. "From the start, you were Christopher's bait to lure me in. He never thought of letting you live. He wanted us to die together." 
###chapter2013
As if struck by lightning, Yvonne's breath turned heavy and labored. The growing flames outside the window burned intensely in her dark eyes. She knew that Christopher had already started suspecting her, and it was only a matter of time before he got rid of her.
But that well-dressed beast in disguise wanted to use her to kill the man she loved most? Dream on!
"Yvonne, if I ask you to jump down from here with me, will you be afraid?" Drew held her thin waist firmly and smiled.
"I'm not afraid." Yvonne slightly parted her lips, lipstick still smeared from their kiss. Her determined gaze met his bright eyes.
"Tsk. Can't you let your man feel a little accomplished?" Drew raised his brows and pinched the soft flesh at her waist. "Can't you be like other women, clinging to me and screaming how scared you are in the face of danger?"
“Actually, I am afraid." Yvonne stared deeply at him, full of longing. "But as long as you're here, I'm not afraid of anything."
Drew's originally frozen heart melted instantly, as if it was thrown into the sea of burning flames. He lowered his head and kissed Yvonne's lips again, saying, "Let's go!"
Then he tucked her soft body under his black trench coat and fired several shots at the glass window.
The room was already filled with smoke. They held their breaths and rushed toward the window with all their strength.
Crash!
Drew broke the glass using his back, holding Yvonne tightly as they jumped down from the fifth floor.
Flames roared into the sky before their eyes, and countless sharp shards of glass and burning embers rushed past them like a storm.
Yvonne's heart stopped for a second, and she closed her eyes in fear.
In a daze, she heard Drew's heavy breathing. A strong sense of uneasiness tore at her heart.
With a swoosh, a thin steel cable shot out from the man's sleeve, piercing through the embers and anchored in the wall of a building.
Drew held Yvonne with one arm while using his left arm to control the cable, his legs pushing against the wall a few times.
They landed safely on the ground in a few seconds, but these few seconds were enough for Yvonne to remember for a lifetime. They did not even have time to catch their breath and ran into the woods while supporting each other.
Suddenly, Yvonne stopped abruptly and shook off Drew's hand while trembling.
The man turned around in shock. "Yvonne, you..."
"Sorry. I must stop here." Yvonne's eyes were red as she stepped back resolutely. "I'll only become a burden if I go with you. Go now before they catch up! Also, don't look for me anymore. This is the end for us!"
"You want me to give up on you? At this time?! Yvonne... Who do you think I am?!" Drew's eyes were burning from his anxious emotions. He gritted his teeth and took a step forward, but it forced her to retreat several steps. "Even if you don't leave with me, do you think you can still return to Christopher?! He wants you to die with me. Can't you see that?!"
"Yes, Christopher wants us to die together, but you're still alive, aren't you?" Yvonne smiled emotionlessly, looking cold-blooded, but it only pained her heart.
"I can live as long as you're alive. But if I go with you, Christopher will never let you go, and we will never have peace. Drew, I still have more important things to do. I don't deserve you, nor am I willing to become a woman lost in love. But I'll remember the romance you gave me forever."
She ran toward the sea of flames.
"Yvonne! Come back!"
No matter how Drew called out to her, she did not turn back. Only her broken tears were scattered in the wind.
The fire burned the villa down into ruins.
Let alone a human; even a cockroach or fly could not get out of this place alive.
A few dozen men dressed in black held flashlights as they searched through the charred building.
Taylor stood outside with a pale face, but his eyes reddened. "Search carefully! I want to see bodies if they're dead!"
"Yes!"
At this time, he heard a series of heavy and familiar footsteps behind him.
"Yvonne?!"
Taylor turned around and looked at the woman, who was covered in dirt and blood. His expression was a mix of shock and joy, almost causing him to lose control.
"You can ask them to stop searching. He's long gone." Yvonne stared at him coldly, her lips curling mockingly. "Sorry. I've let Mr. Christopher down again."
Taylor immediately rushed to her, suppressing his voice, "You let that brat go?!"
"Do you think I have superpowers?"
"Yvonne, this is the last time..." Taylor gripped her shoulders, panting heavily. "When you see Drew again, you must kill him!"
Yvonne smiled fearlessly. "If I don't?"
"We worked together for so many years... I don't want to watch you die!"
Taylor was ten years older than Yvonne. He watched her grow up and accompanied her since her teenage years when she went through special training. How could he not care for her?
"Yvonne, just bear with it a little
longer. We must bear with it a little longer! As long as Mr. Christopher helps the Boss finish the drug
experiment, he could take over that
vel.r
Iverson Group completely and dominate the domestic pharmaceutical market! KS Group and the Salvador Corporation will be trampled! At that time, our suffering will end. The good days will come! Following Mr. Christopher is your only way out!" 
Taylor's eyes shone with ambition. He even told her this secret to assure her.
Yvonne's eyes darkened. Taylor's words matched her and Drew's suspicion.
But an unexpected gain was that the mastermind was the mysterious Boss.
Taylor suddenly hugged Yvonne tightly.
l.ne
Yvonne felt nauseous, but she did not push him away. She knew Taylor was Christopher's right-hand man and a key to his secrets. If she handled him right, she could have had more chances to access the core of Christopher's dirty business. 
"Yvonne, listen to me. Next time, you must kill Drew!" Taylor took a deep breath and said gently, "I'll talk to Mr. Christopher. Listen to me. You must survive no matter what!" 
"Okay,” Yvonne said softly, hatred and disgust mixing in her gaze.
###chapter2014
It was the wee hours of the night. Bella was sound asleep, cuddling Justin. But the man was still awake, reviewing a stack of financial reports and project proposals on the bedside table.
Suddenly, someone knocked on the door. Wilma's urgent voice came through. "Young Master, Young Madam, are you asleep?"
Afraid of waking Bella, Justin carefully got out of bed and went to open the door. "Wilma, it's so late. Why are you not asleep yet?"
"Young Master, the fourth Thompson brother is here!"
"You mean Drew?" Justin was taken aback.
"Yeah! He is in the living room, and he looks terrible. You should go see him quickly!"
At this moment, Bella rubbed her sleepy eyes and shuffled to his side while wearing fuzzy slippers. "Justin... I heard you guys saying that Drew is here?"
"Sorry for waking you up." Justin's eyes softened as he wrapped his arm around her waist, holding her gently.
Bella leaned against his chest, their bodies only separated by a thin sheet of silk. “I'm alright, but Drew wouldn't come to disturb us so late at night for no good reason. Justin, let's go see him quickly."
When Justin and Bella saw Drew, whose face was covered in blood and his shirt torn and tattered, their expressions changed. Especially Bella, who had never seen her brother in such a sorry state. Her fourth brother was always as strong as a deity to her. Naturally, when Drew was on missions, he would not let his most beloved sister see those near-death moments.
"Drew! What happened? Are you hurt?!" Bella quickly ran forward, frantically examining his shoulder, the color draining from her face.
"Bella, I'm fine." Drew looked as if the soul was sucked from his body. His gaze was empty, and his voice was low.
Bella was burning with anxiety. "How can you say that you're fine? What's up with your face? What happened to your clothes?!"
After a while, Drew raised his handsome face. Between his heavy breaths, it was as if some intense emotions were about to burst from his chest. "Bella, I've never asked you for anything all these years, but this time... I beg you..."
Looking at him, Justin's eyes widened in shock.
He had seen Drew in all kinds of emotions-playful, joyous, angry, violent... Except for this emotion.
Bella's voice was hoarse from anxiety, and she shook his shoulders. "Drew, why are you acting polite with me? Just tell me what you need!"
"Do you have any way to save her?"
"Save who?!"
Drew's throat choked up. "Yvonne."
Justin and Bella were stunned. This was the first time they heard Drew speak of another woman's name.
Drew lowered his eyes and pulled a packet of blue pills from his inner pocket, putting it in Bella's palm.
Bella's eyes widened unbelievably. "Drew, where did you get these pills from?!"
"It's Yvonne." Then he pursed his lips and recounted everything that had happened not long ago.
Bella and Justin held their breaths the entire time, looking restless.
Merely thinking about that type of sheer thrill made their scalps tingle and hearts race.
"So, the mastermind is Christopher?"
Justin's fists hardened, clenching
his fingers tightly. "He disguised this unknown medicine as drugs and used Aaron to help distribute them, simultaneously shipping them abroad and gathering the druglords to spread the goods. 
"It looks like drug trafficking, but actually, they're using those drug addicts for human experiments. His aim from the start was not to make money!"
"For a drug to go on the market, it
could take up to five to ten years to go through the complex process of development, clinical trials, and obtaining approval from the
el.ne
government. Repeatedly testing on animals produces data far less accurate than testing on humans."
Thinking of the inhumane and unforgivable deeds, Bella seethed with anger. "With enough experimental subjects and detailed data, it might really speed up the development of the medicine significantly. Ten years could be shortened to two or three years!
"It must be a very strong medicine.
Otherwise, Christopher wouldn't take such a huge fisk to carry out human experiments. If they succeeded, Christopher would be unstoppable! As for that Deputy Chief, he bably had something to do with suddenly getting arrested. Hooking up with the police is a typical tactic of the Iverson family. He probably contributed to the drug experiment behind the scenes as well.” 
With the clues Yvonne provided, Bella immediately connected all the people and events, showcasing her outstanding logic.
"I wanted to bring Yvonne with me, but she refused. She wanted to stay by Christopher's side as a spy."
Yvonne's resolute gaze appeared in Drew's mind, piercing through his heart and then twisting it. "Bella, nothing can happen to her!" Bella grabbed his cold hands. "Drew, you... Yvonne..."
Drew looked at his sister's beautiful face, and his nose tingled. Once, she was so similar to Bella, indistinguishable from afar.
Now, Yvonne was no longer a replica of Bella. She was not anyone's substitute.
Yvonne was Yvonne, who only belonged to him...
Emotions surged in his heart, and Drew said each word heavily with determination, “Bella, I love her... I'm in love with Yvonne."
###chapter2015
Bella and Justin were stunned, momentarily at a loss for words.
They thought someone like Drew was a free spirit, fooling around, understanding love but never committing to love. Compared to being tied down by love, he would much rather have absolute freedom to do anything he wanted.
The blow brought by this shock hit Bella even harder. She knew all too well what kind of person Drew was.
Back then, when she asked him to approach Yvonne, he confidently promised with a wicked smile that he would finish the mission perfectly. If necessary, he could give his body but not his heart.
Now, he completed the mission. However, he had fallen deeper and deeper. Bella did not know if he had given away his body, but he had completely offered up his heart.
"Drew... Are you serious?" Bella's eyes were wide with shock, and she could not help asking again.
Drew looked at her, his gaze passionate and deep, holding an unprecedented seriousness. "Bella, in the past, I never understood you. I don't know why you love Justin so much and why it could only be him. Now, I understand."
Although he did not answer directly, it was more meaningful than a straightforward yes.
Justin stood behind them, closing his teary eyes. He said hoarsely, "Drew, as long as you love each other, I'll definitely support you being together." "Drew, me too." Bella took a deep breath, her eyes shining like the starry sky.
The couple's encouraging words melted into Drew's violently pounding heart. His voice uncontrollably trembled. "Bella, do you mind that Yvonne worked for Christopher? Do you mind that she looks like you?"
"Why would I care about that?" Bella's gentle smile was like a ray of light that warmed his heart, dispelling his last concerns. "I'm more worried that you'd mind. But I think you love her soul, not her appearance. Only someone pure and wonderful could capture your heart and gain your love. Drew, when you meet Ms. Yvonne again, remember to tell her that I admire and respect her."
As she spoke, tears welled up. "Although we really need the information about Christopher she provides us, if it's obtained through her sacrifice, I would rather not have it. Justin and I could bring Christopher down ourselves."
"Bella... Thank you, and Justin too."
Drew's eyes were wet, a searing pain brushing through his heart. "But I don't know if I'll ever see her again. Even if I do... She won't leave with me. Besides... I can't approach her anymore. Christopher has already tried to kill us this time. Who knows what vicious moves he'll make next? I'm not afraid of him. I'm just afraid that something will happen to Yvonne!"
Bella could relate to his words, feeling distressed.
How could Yvonne stay around that lunatic, heartless man? That bastard could destroy her with just a flick of his fingers!
Nobody's life was low enough to be sacrificed, and Yvonne was no exception.
"Since Christopher's interests weren't threatened, and you came back safely, I think Christopher would not touch Ms. Yvonne in the near future."
Justin's gaze was dark, and his
voice was deep. "But we can't exclude the possibility that he'll use Ms. Yvonne as bait again to lure you out
seems to me that Christopher is determined to kill you." 
"Let him try. We'll see who ends up dead." Drew's breath hitched,
clenching his fingers so hard
his
knuckles turned white. "No matter what, I must save Yvonne!" 
He was dead set on her.
Bella and Justin looked at each other, sighing inwardly.
Drew had been single for so long. They did not expect his romantic life to suddenly bloom.
After settling Drew down, Justin held Bella as they returned to their room to sleep.
They lay on the bed and talked for a long time, analyzing the situationzon Christopher's side and talking about Drew and Ms. Yvonne, until Bella's eyelids grew heavy, and she fell asleep. 
Just as Justin was about to sleep, his phone vibrated.
[Drew: Come to my room.]
Justin immediately got out of bed, leaving the room quietly.
Standing outside Drew's room, Justin looked around before knocking lightly. One might have thought he was secretly meeting up with his lover.
After a moment, the door creaked open. Drew looked at him, his pale face colorless, with beads of sweat on his nose.
###chapter2016
"Bella doesn't know you're here to see me, right?" Drew lowered his voice, his breathing a little unstable.
"Bella is already asleep."
Justin looked at him deeply and frowned. "Drew, why do you look so pale? Are you feeling unwell? I can ask my grandpa's personal doctor to come and take a look at you now."
Drew let him in and closed the door tightly. Then he panted and walked to the sofa.
Under the dim lights, he gritted his teeth and took off the tattered black shirt.
Instantly, Justin's pupils contracted, and he gasped in shock.
Drew's well-defined chest and abdomen were covered with horrifying wounds everywhere. Some had scabbed over, and some were still bleeding. But more terrifyingly was the palm-sized burn on his back.
His honey-colored skin was bloody red, with a huge blister that had swollen and burst. Blood mixed with pus trickled down.
"How did this happen?!" Justin's heart tightened, and he quickly helped Drew to sit down.
"Christopher hired some thugs to kill me and Yvonne, then set a fire outside the villa, trying to burn us to death inside." Drew felt the bone-piercing pain from the burn and gritted his teeth.
He led a dangerous life and was undoubtedly a tough guy, not making a sound despite suffering such major injuries.
In fact, he was already hanging on by a thread when he came to see Bella. He forced himself to endure the pain until now to avoid worrying his sister. "Christopher... That insane madman!" Justin's eyes reddened with hatred, and he took a cotton swab soaked in iodine to disinfect Drew's wounds. Having his back facing him, Drew panted and smiled. "Honestly, right now, I'm most grateful that Bella still loved you even when Christopher was pursuing her. Thank goodness she was not deceived by that bastard. Otherwise, Bella's life would be ruined."
Justin's fingertips trembled, and a thousand emotions surged in his heart, choking his throat.
"So, in a way, I have to thank you." Drew's face twisted in pain where Justin could not see.
"Being chosen by Bella is the greatest honor of my life." Intense emotions churned in Justin's eyes as he said, "I didn't do anything for Bella. She was smart and strong enough, capable of protecting herself."
"Tsk. Protect herself?"
Drew's lips curled, his face covered in sweat. "When did she ever protect herself... In the past, Wyatt protected her, and now that she's grown, we protected her. Who would want to put up all their defenses and act strong if there's someone to pamper and protect them?"
At this moment, the cruel but beautiful images of him and Yvonne fighting alongside each other appeared vividly in his mind. Those skills must have been honed through harsh training, and every move was aimed at killing, not for self-defense. Drew blinked hard, swallowing the bitter emotions and distress down his throat.
When did Yvonne quietly take root in his heart?
By the time he realized it, she had already planted a field of bright and blooming roses in his heart.
“Justin, is this what it feels like to have someone in your originally empty heart?"
Justin treated Drew's wounds, quietly listening to his murmurs.
"There's too much difference
between familial and romantic love. I don't know how to love. Having pretended for so long, I've lost a primal instinct of humans, which is to love someone. But I want to be like you, giving it all to love for once... I want to try it." 
That night, Yvonne returned to Pivotage with Taylor as if nothing had happened.
For three days, Christopher did not appear in Pivotage or summon her, nor did he assign her new tasks.
Perhaps due to the side effects of the pills she took, she spent most of the three days in a drowsy state.
The feeling of being half-awake, half-dreaming, unable to distinguish between reality and illusion, was indeed addictive and wearisome.
Especially when in the dream, she and Drew were passionately hugging and kissing, bodies entangled...
Those heart-racing images became a strong contrast with her lonely and cold reality when she woke up, which fueled her deeper desires.
She wanted to take two more pills and return to her slumber. Only then could she meet him again. It was not too greedy to let her have everything in her dreams, right?
On the fourth night, Yvonne forced herself to bathe and changed into a simple, elegant green silk dress before walking out of her room.
A bodyguard walked toward her in the empty hallway, holding a flower pot. As he got closer, Yvonne's eyes widened, and her heart immediately jumped out of her chest. 
The bodyguard was holding the pot of red roses in Christopher's living room.
"Ms. Yvonne." The bodyguard stopped and bowed.
"Aren't these roses in Mr. Christopher's room? Why did you take it out?" Yvonne pretended to be calm, her heart pounding.
"Oh, Mr. Taylor asked me to take it out. He said Mr. Christopher doesn't need it anymore." With that, the bodyguard walked past Yvonne's pale face.
At the same time, Taylor's gloomy voice came from behind her. "Yvonne, Mr. Christopher is looking for you. Come with me."
###chapter2017
Along the way, Yvonne followed behind Taylor. Although she was expressionless, cold sweat had drenched through her thin dress, and her footsteps were as heavy as lead.
She thought of the roses Christopher removed and immediately considered all the terrifying possibilities in her mind.
Christopher liked those roses a lot. Now that he suddenly got rid of them and summoned her, he must have noticed it already.
Returning to her senses, Yvonne closed her eyes and took a deep breath. When she opened her eyes again, she had a resolute look, as if she were about to be executed.
Everyone would die eventually. It was merely a matter of time.
Thinking about the worst outcome, she suddenly felt fearless.
Yvonne was brought to that blood-soaked basement, where God knows how many people were executed.
A few men stood guard in the four corners. On the luxurious and comfortable red velvet sofa in the middle, Christopher lazily crossed his long legs, wearing a meticulous gray suit as he sipped red wine.
He did not fit in with the eerie atmosphere around him.
"Yvonne, I heard you did not leave your room for four days. How is it? Have you rested enough now?" Christopher swirled his glass, asking with an ambiguous smile.
Yvonne bit her lips and did not reply.
Christopher narrowed his dark eyes and slowly pushed his gold-rimmed glasses up his nose. He hooked his fingers at her and said, "Yvonne, come here."
A chill crawled up Yvonne's slender calves like a venomous snake.
However, she had no choice but to walk to the man.
"Ah..."
Yvonne's body lurched forward as Christopher suddenly grabbed her wrist, pulling her forcefully and making her fall into his arms.
"Aren't you going for the sexy look before? I remember you never used to cover up so much or wear clothes with such a dull color."
Christopher's arms held her thin
waist, forcing her to sit on his lap His breath, tainted with the sweet scent of red wine, brushed against her pale cheeks. It was an intimate tease, but she only felt repulsed. 
"Why, does he like it?"
Yvonne felt cold all over, turning her face away in embarrassment. "No..."
"I quite like it too. Dress like this
from now
on." Christopher chuckled
further down her set
- Dimofy his dry but cold h
Yvonne's soft body could not stop trembling. She felt humiliated being liked by him.
She held her breath and asked hoarsely, "Mr. Christopher, why are you looking for me?"
"I want you to watch a show with me.”
Christopher smiled and gave Taylor a look. Taylor understood and clapped his hands with a dark expression.
With a loud clang, Yvonne heard the sound of chains knocking against each other.
Yvonne's long eyelashes fluttered, watching as a man covered in wounds, barely hanging on, was slowly lowered from the top. When he was fully on the ground, Yvonne finally saw the man's face, which was battered with injuries and barely recognizable.
е
Instantly, Vyonne felt as if she was struck by lightning. Tears welled up in her eyes. Panic and hatred turned into a blade that twisted her insides fiercely. 
It was Oscar.
A subordinate unchained Oscar. Taylor walked over menacingly, sending him sprawling to the ground viciously with one kick. "Ugh..." Oscar vomited a mouthful of blood.
###chapter2018
Oscar was gravely injured and already on the brink of death.
Yvonne gritted her teeth hard, the surging anger tearing her heart into bloody pieces, leaving it full of holes.
Her stiff waist was held firmly by Christopher, rendering her immobile. Even if she could move, how could she get over there?
"I've always trusted you and spent so much effort training you, but you dared to betray Mr. Christopher! You ungrateful bastard!"
The traitor turned out to be someone under Taylor, which naturally added to his anger. Taylor wanted to prove his loyalty by torturing the traitor. "Don't you know what's the ending that awaits all traitors?!"
"So what... If I know?" Oscar turned his face slightly as he panted weakly. "Does it... Affect... My choice..."
Upon hearing it, Christopher raised his brows with interest and took a sip of wine.
Yvonne's lips quivered as she stared fixedly at Oscar, who was at the end of his rope. Her heartbeat raced, almost suffocating her.
"Why did you betray Mr. Christopher?!" Taylor's eyes bulged as he kicked Oscar again.
"Ha..." Oscar snorted coldly and closed his eyes.
Overwhelmed by anger, Taylor raised his leg and wanted to kick Oscar's head.
Christopher suddenly opened his mouth. "Taylor, wait."
Taylor quickly withdrew his foot.
"If I remember correctly, you're the bodyguard who made a mistake a few years ago and was punished by me, right?" Christopher asked casually. Oscar did not say anything, which was a silent acknowledgment.
The blood drained from Yvonne's face, and her heart pounded so fast it felt like it would jump out of her mouth.
She had experienced so many evils in this world that ordinary people could not even fathom, so she had long become numb and indifferent to gore. But this time, it was different.
Oscar was her confidant, the only source of warmth she had in this hellhole known as Pivotage.
But this tiny bit of warmth was about to become nothing before her eyes.
"Do you still hold a grudge against
me because of what happened many years.ago? Even so, you've been holding it in all this while. Why did you make a move at this time? Who is your accomplice? Who instructed you to put a listening device in my room?" 
Christopher's lip curled up
mockingly. "You're quite tough, and I like it. So, I'll give you another chance the last chance. As long as you reveal your accomplice, I promise I won't kill you. Besides that, I'll also let you join Pivotage's management to govern this place with Taylor. How does that sound?"
Yvonne could not take it anymore. Her pale lips parted just as Oscar suddenly laughed.
“Christopher, do you take me as... A fool? Words that came from... An evil bastard like you... Can't be trusted! But I believe... In retribution... Even if I didn't succeed... Sooner or later... You'll die miserably!"
"You ungrateful scumbag! How dare you curse Mr. Christopher?!" Taylor angrily kicked him again.
“There are too many people who want me dead. The queue could start from Savrow to Sentania. Don't you want your last words to be more creative?"
Christopher smiled and shook his head. “Since you don't appreciate your chance, I won't force it. Yvonne."
He suddenly called her.
Yvonne's heart tightened, her empty gaze looking up at his cruel, smiling eyes.
"I was indeed suspicious of you before, but today, I'll give you a chance to dispel my doubts."
As he spoke, Christopher patted her
waist lightly, a cruel glint flashing in his eyes, "Go and kill him. As long as you kill him, I'll overlook everything, and you'll still be the one I trust most in Pivotage, aside from Taylor." 
###chapter2019
Yvonne heard it clearly, but her brain and body seemed disconnected, unable to react at all.
"Go on." Christopher urged, his eyes gradually turning cold.
Yvonne stood up stiffly, trembling slightly. The dress she wore was drenched in sweat.
She was still alive, but it felt as if she had died over and over again.
She walked to Oscar, and those few steps seemed to take up half a lifetime.
Oscar's hands were bound. He pressed his head against the ground as support to straighten his back, kneeling wobbly before her.
From the moment he was caught, Oscar knew he could not survive. But he was unwilling to die like worthless trash. He wanted to die with pride.
Taylor walked up and held Yvonne's cold hands, forcing her to grip the gun.
Oscar, with his face full of blood, smiled gently at Yvonne as if he were comforting her.
Yvonne closed her teary eyes. This basement was an execution ground for her heart.
Suddenly, her pupils contracted. Oscar's left eye was bloody, leaving only his right eye. Others might not notice it, but the way she saw it, his right eye seemed to blink rhythmically.
Yvonne's mind flashed with a thought, and she reacted immediately.
The Morse code!
Her fingertips trembled by her side, tapping along with Oscar's blinks, remembering the last words he could not say out loud.
"Yvonne, do it. Don't make Mr. Christopher unhappy." Taylor stared at her with a complicated gaze.
Yvonne slowly raised her hand, pointing the gun at Oscar.
She panted heavily, almost in tears, but she could not pull the trigger for a long time.
For a moment, she even contemplated killing herself.
Just as everyone's focus was gathered on Yvonne, Oscar, kneeling on the ground, suddenly stood up and fiercely knocked Yvonne aside with all his strength!
Yvonne staggered as she fell backward, but Taylor reacted quickly and supported her.
"Christopher, you asshole! Go to hell!"
Oscar glared at Christopher with his blood-soaked eyes. He pounced on Christopher like an enraged lion, with a speed that all of the subordinates could not react to.
These subordinates had all undergone professional training. They should not have been so slow to react, including Taylor.
However, they let their guard down!
They did not expect someone who was tortured to a half-dead state would suddenly have a powerful burst of energy.
Christopher did not react in time as well. The glass in his hand fell to the floor.
The next second, he let out a piercing scream. "Ah!"
Oscar's eyes bulged as he fiercely bit on Christopher's left ear.
"Mr. Christopher!" Everyone panicked, not knowing what to do.
Taylor burned with anger and roared, picking up the gun, aiming it at Oscar, and firing three shots into his back continuously.
Yvonne could not restrain herself anymore, tears streaming uncontrollably down her face.
The entire basement was enveloped in deadly silence.
Lying on top of Christopher, Oscar finally collapsed.
Taylor was so frightened that his face was covered in sweat. He ran to Christopher. "Mr. Christopher! How are you..."
The next second, he shockingly saw that Christopher's left ear was a bloody mess, and he was missing a chunk of flesh on the tip, making his scalp tingle.
"Call the doctor... Call the doctor now!"
Christopher's face was pale from pain, and he roared with a twisted face, "Chop him into pieces and feed him to the dogs!"
As he needed stitches for his severe injuries, Christopher was urgently sent to the hospital.
Taylor stayed in the basement to get rid of Oscar's body.
"Mr. Taylor, let them leave first. I want to speak to you." Yvonne stared at Oscar's peaceful face. Her long, thick eyelashes were unblinking, as if they had frozen over.
Seeing how haggard she looked, Taylor felt torn and ordered the others to leave first.
"Tay..." Yvonne suddenly called him with a trembling voice.
Taylor's heart skipped a beat, and his usually gloomy gaze became passionate. "Yvonne, you haven't called me that for many years.”
"Tay, can you please leave Oscar's body intact?" Yvonne was almost begging.
"You're too stubborn!" Taylor anxiously grabbed her thin shoulders. "This guy is your accomplice, right? Do you know that Mr. Christopher already suspects you?"
"Luckily, this guy suddenly went mad
and didn't rat you out, so I took the chance to kill him. If he said anything against you, do you think your ending would be any better than his?!" 
Yvonne stared blankly at this man who cared for her, but the hatred in her heart raged on like wildfire.
Christopher was a demon, while Taylor was the demon's claws.
This man, who shot Oscar three times, still had the audacity to act like he did it for her sake. How disgusting!
"You even want to give this guy a proper burial? If Mr. Christopher finds out..."
"Then don't let him know." Yvonne looked at hing with determination, but her voice was soft. "Oscar has always been kind to me, treating me like his sister. His death... It was my fault Tay, I've never asked you for anything... Let me beg you just this once, okay? I know you can do something." 
Taylor cared about her. Combined with Yvonne's tearful eyes, he instantly felt softhearted and sighed helplessly. "Okay, I promise you."
"Thank you..." Yvonne was full of gratitude.
"But you must promise me to stop thinking about scheming against Mr. Christopher. Don't plot anything else!"
Taylor pulled her into his arms, his
heart racing, know you've endured much suffering. When Mr. Christopher completely takes over the Iverson Group and succeeds with the new drug's development, you can leave this hellhole for good. Our good days are yet to come!"
Thinking about Oscar's death, Yvonne's heart was about to burst, oozing out thick blood. "Then when will the new drug succeed?"
"Soon, soon..." Taylor murmured softly in her ear.
###chapter2020
The next day, Arnold came alone to find Bella and Justin in their villa.
"Arnold, where's my brother?"
Bella and Arnold sat in the living room, while Justin came over with a plate of fruit to serve the guest, showing his hospitality.
“Asher is taking care of Dad at home and packing up. We're returning to Meridan in a few days.”
Arnold addressed Wyatt as "Dad" naturally, sweet happiness dancing on his brows.
Bella stared at him and thought of the photo her brother secretly kept. She did not know whether Asher had destroyed the photo by now, and she felt extremely uncomfortable.
"Bella, I came to see you because the results of the drug test are out." Arnold handed them a document with a serious expression.
Bella eagerly opened the brown envelope, and Justin quickly sat beside her.
"The components are so complicated." She was a surgeon and only had surface-level knowledge about this.
As for Justin, it was like reading a foreign language. "Is this really medicine? Not drugs?"
"It's medicine. I checked the components, and they're basically antidepressants and antipsychotics, which could control mental conditions," Arnold said solemnly.
Justin's eyes darkened. "If it's medicine, then even if we got a hold over Christopher, he has an excuse to clear his name. After all, the sentences for drug trafficking and selling illegal medicine are vastly different."
"What a cunning and evil method to use live humans for his experiment!" Bella huffed indignantly, her fists clenched as if crushing a stone, making cracking sounds.
"But there's one thing that surprises me."
Arnold took the test report and examined it again, frowning. "The medicine's components are very similar to a cure for Alzheimer's disease that Larson Group has been developing in recent years. I thought it was an imitation of our medicine just by looking at this result!"
"Alzheimer's disease?"
Justin's handsome face looked surprised. "I heard it is an incurable disease, and there's no medicine for it."
Arnold nodded. "Yes. That's why the
Larson Group was determined to develop a medicine. Over the years, my father gathered top-tier pharmaceutical researchers
nationwide, focusing on deveel
mo
a special medicine to treat Alzheimer's. For this, he invested
almost all of the company's financial
assets. 
“I heard there was some progress recently, but it's not that easy. They were just releasing such news to deceive investors into pumping in more money! You can totally fake an academic paper!"
Bella's eyes suddenly lit up. "Christopher's mother has Alzheimer's."
"It's highly likely that he went to such lengths to develop the medicine for his mother." Justin saw through her thoughts.
"But there's something weird. The Iverson Group has never announced their involvement in the medical field to the public, and they don't hold shares in any pharmaceutical companies."
The more Bella thought about it, the
more suspicious it seemed. "Christopher suddenly came out of nowhere to develop this medicine and even carried out experiments secretly. Although he is evil, he doesn't seem like someone who could plan this. This is not his usual territory." 
Justin held her waist, gently rubbing against it. "Bella, so you think
someone is controlling him from behind? The person who wants to develop this medicine is not
Christopher, and he's just that
e
person's pawn?" 
"I can't help thinking like that. He grew his despicable business in Sentania for so many years. Who knows what kind of connections he's made?"
"But there's no evidence."
Arnold was angry but helpless. "We don't have evidence to prove that those drug addicts are subjects for human experiments, and we can't prove Christopher's involvement. What should we do?"
Justin and Bella's eyes met as they fell into deep thought.
At this moment, Bella's phone rang. It was Ralph calling.
She quickly picked up, "Ralph, what's up?"
"Bella, something bad has happened!"
Ralph sounded anxious. "Just now, the Southern Star Syndicate's leader, Elias Storm, was arrested on the charge of suspected murder!"
###chapter2021
Chapter 2021
Before they could make sense of the situation here, another incident arose.
Ian drove Justin's Rolls-Royce, rushing to the police station with Bella and Justin to meet with Ralph. "What happened? How did Mr. Storm get involved in a murder case?" Bella urgently asked.
"Just last night, we received a report. Someone found a male corpse in a secluded alley on the west side of the city. The victim was violently beaten before death, having multiple bruises and contusions. The victim wore a phoenix badge on his chest, and after confirming his identity, he was indeed a member of the Southern Star Syndicate."
Ralph calmly recounted the events. "The alley was close to a high-end club that operates on a membership basis. It's usually deserted during the day, and during the night, their customers would head straight to the basement parking lot. Nobody passes through the alley. Therefore, the body was found two days later by an elderly woman collecting trash, and it had already started to decompose. A few enormous rats crawled on it..."
"Ralph, stop!" Bella quickly told him to stop, her face stiff and pale. "Just get to the point. You don't need to describe it so vividly. We just had lunch!"
However, Justin was focused, seemingly quite interested.
"Anyway, after interrogation, Elias Storm denied that he killed anyone. He said he only beat up the victim out of rage. When he left, although the victim was lying on the ground, he could still move and speak, very much alive."
Justin asked seriously, "Ralph, when the police performed the autopsy, did you guys find Elias Storm's DNA on the body?"
Ralph frowned deeply and shook his head. "Not just the DNA. The surveillance camera at the alley also captured the entire process of Elias dragging the victim into the alley and then leaving,"
Bella quickly asked, "Did it capture the assault process too?"
"No, but apart from Elias and the elderly woman, nobody entered the alley in the past two days. I'm not in charge of this case, but my colleague from the technical department said there's no trace of tampering with the video. So, Elias is the biggest suspect now."
Ralph sighed heavily. "With solid evidence and no witnesses, even if Elias is charged with accidental manslaughter, he would have to spend the rest of his life in jail."
Bella's eyelashes fluttered, and she leaned back dejectedly, feeling inexplicably down.
Although she did not believe that Elias was such a ruthless person, the fact that he assaulted someone was undeniable.
"Did Mr. Storm just leave under the surveillance camera openly after beating someone up? Don't you think it's strange?" Justin narrowed his eyes, revealing a hint of doubt.
Bella and Ralph both looked at him. "How so?"
"Firstly, in my impression, although Mr. Storm is a gang member, he's not a reckless fool who doesn't care about consequences. He's Mr. Jenkins' right-hand man now and is crucial to the entire Southern Star's future. With such responsibility, he would not do anything that would ruin his future."
Justin's eyes flashed with a sharp light. "Even if he acted on impulse and beat that man to death, with his experience, how is it possible that he didn't call someone to clean up the scene? Is that reasonable?"
Ralph thought about it and nodded. "We have the same thoughts. I felt it was strange too, so I immediately contacted you guys to discuss it."
"Justin, you mean..."
Bella's eyes sparkled, and she hurriedly grabbed his hand that was resting on his leg. "Was Mr. Storm framed by someone? Perhaps someone went into the alley to finish the job after he left."
Justin looked at her with a gentle gaze, covering her hand with his and caressing it. "Bella, you know me best."
Ralph coughed lightly, rubbing his nose awkwardly.
This couple was showing their affection all the time, making him feel awkward as the third wheel.
"Who would be so evil, using such methods to frame Mr. Storm?"
Ralph furrowed his brows deeply. "Was it the Southern Star Syndicate's enemy?"
"We can't rule this possibility out, but I feel like people in the underworld would not take such a roundabout way. They're usually straightforward. If they're unhappy, they'll solve things with violence."
Bella leaned into Justin's arms, her eyes cold and rational. "Besides, the person who finished the job knew how to avoid the surveillance camera and left no trace on the body. It means that this person is a professional with strong anti-criminal investigation skills."
###chapter2022
Chapter 2022
"Was this done by a gang? I don't think so."
Justin raised his hand and held Bella's fair neck, gently massaging it while nodding in agreement.
"Ralph, we want to go investigate the crime scene. There might be clues that could save Mr. Storm from this predicament!"
Bella's phone vibrated. It was a call from Sasha.
"Aunt Sasha."
"Bella, Elias would never kill anyone! Someone must be framing him!" Sasha's trembling voice sounded urgent.
"Aunt Sasha, don't panic. We'll definitely continue investigating this." Bella's heart tightened, but she still gently comforted her.
Sasha took a deep breath, perhaps overwhelmed by the anxiety, her usual crisp voice turning hoarse." Elias can't have anything happening to him. Otherwise, if those rebels he's been suppressing take the opportunity to wreak havoc, Southern Star will fall!"
Bella knew the gravity of the situation.
People in a gang did not fight their battles in the business field. If they were provoked, they would all go at it with real weapons.
Since she put the call on speaker, Justin also heard Sasha's words clearly. He reassured calmly with a fierce gaze, "Aunt Sasha, don't worry too much. Southern Star will not be in chaos. Ryan has friends in the underworld. If anyone dares to touch a hair on your father's body, they'll meet a miserable end."
"This is my family matter. How could I trouble Mr. Hoffman on this? Besides, he had just enjoyed a few peaceful days with Carrie. What kind of person would I be to cause him trouble now?!"
Sasha's voice was filled with pain. "My father could not take the blow and fainted after knowing Elias was arrested. He's in the emergency room fighting for his life and is still not out of danger.
"Bella... I need to go back to visit him. If necessary, I must hold down the fort at Southern Star. I promised Wyatt I would live quietly as his woman and no longer interfere with the gang's affairs. But now, it seems ... I would have to break that promise."
Christopher suffered severe injuries from Oscar's bite that day and had to get numerous stitches for his ear at the hospital.
He put great emphasis on his appearance and had a handsome face. But now, he had an ugly scar on his left ear, and the bandages made it look awkward and ridiculous.
It was the first time he suffered from such humiliation, causing him to smash the VIP ward into a mess under his anger.
"Did you feed that traitor to the dogs?" Christopher panted as he stood in the middle of the mess, his eyes bulging with hatred.
"Yes." Taylor felt guilty and quickly added respectfully, "You can trust me."
"Taylor, do you think the listening device could have something to do with Yvonne?" Christopher suddenly changed the topic, looking at him coldly.
Taylor's heart skipped a beat, but he kept calm on the surface. "Mr. Christopher, I know you had been suspecting Ms. Yvonne for a while, and she's been giving a lackluster performance previously. But I investigated it this time, and it really has nothing to do with her."
At this moment, his phone rang.
Christopher gritted his teeth and then looked at the caller ID on the screen and tried to calm his breath. He returned to his usual noble demeanor and picked up the call.
"Mr. Christopher, it's been done."
Owen's deep voice came through. "It's settled. Since I was on break, I have been following Elias and finally caught an opportunity. Now, he has been detained by the police as a suspect of murder."
###chapter2023
Chapter 2023
Upon hearing it, Christopher pushed his gold-rimmed glasses, his lips curling up coldly. "Did you leave any trace?"
"There are always traces whenever a crime is committed. But as long as there are no witnesses, it's
equivalent to no traces." Owen smiled gracefully. "Mr. Christopher, can't you trust me? I'm a professional."
A criminal committing crimes was already terrifying enough. It was even more terrifying when the murderer himself was a seasoned police chief with many years of experience and highly skilled.
"Excellent. You've worked hard." Christopher temporarily forgot the anger brought by his wound, and his smile deepened. "Deputy Chief Hopkins, you're so reliable. I won't mistreat you when I succeed."
"You're too kind. As long as the medicine can be successfully developed, I am willing to do anything." Owen's tone was genuine.
"It will. You must believe in our all-powerful Boss."
After ending the call, Christopher lowered his gloomy eyes and stared at the black screen, sneering silently.
"How unbelievable."
Taylor's eyes were full of admiration. "A deputy chief with high authority was willing to submit at your feet, ready to lay down his life... It just shows how much of a charismatic leader you are!"
"It's not my charisma. It's the new medicine." Christopher glanced outside the window at the gloomy sky, his gaze ambiguous. "I'm also waiting for that day to come."
Thinking of all the experimental data he had sent to Meridan, Christopher felt hopeful. "It shouldn't be far away..."
At this moment, another call came in. It was Lance's head secretary.
Christopher's gaze darkened as he tugged his tie, picking it up slowly. "What is it?"
"Mr. Christopher, Chairman Iverson wants you to meet him at the company this afternoon when you're free."
"Must it be today?" Christopher's expression was frustrated and disdainful.
"It must be today. This is an order from Chairman Iverson." After that, before waiting for Christopher to answer, the secretary coldly hung up.
"What an asshole! How dare he be so rude to you!" Taylor clenched his fists angrily.
"You've said he is an asshole. If he bites me, could I bite back?" Christopher's voice was icy, his eyes darkening. "It looks like my father has prepared a gift for me, the son he values most."
After Elias was arrested, the head of the Southern Star Syndicate, Watson Jenkins, spared no money to hire the best lawyers in the country for his godson's lawsuit. However, the situation was still not optimistic.
Not only that, the media was heavily covering the story, doing the most to demonize Elias and portray him as a monster who killed without blinking.
It was not a big deal for him to be slandered, but the entire Southern Star Syndicate was severely impacted.
The business Watson had worked so hard to transition to a legitimate one could be said to crumble overnight.
The lawyer came to see Bella and Justin after visiting Elias, his expression worried.
"The autopsy report states that the deceased suffered severe head trauma and died instantly from a broken skull. But Mr. Storm insists that he merely punched his face and kicked his stomach, never going overboard.
"The reality has a huge discrepancy from Mr. Storm's testimony. But the problem now is that the alley only has surveillance cameras on one end, and there are no witnesses. All the evidence is against him. Combined with public opinion, even if it was an accidental murder, his sentence would be heavy... Besides, he has a previous record."
"Did Mr. Storm mention why he beat that man?" Bella's expression was grim.
"It's because his subordinate was selling drugs. He said you'd understand as long as you hear it's about drugs."
Drugs! It was the drugs again!
The source of all evil! If it was not eradicated, the entire Savrow would be in chaos.
"Now, that drug has seeped into the Southern Star thoroughly."
"If Mr. Storm was in trouble and no one could handle the situation, the drugs would eventually control the entire Southern Star Syndicate."
Justin's dark eyes were as deep as ink. "I suspect the people who targeted Mr. Storm wanted to control the Southern Star Syndicate and infiltrate the entire group. Mr. Storm's existence was undoubtedly a huge obstacle, so they resorted to framing him."
Bella took a deep breath, feeling a tightness in her chest. "If so, Mr. Jenkins would be in a dangerous situation too! Mr. Storm was arrested, and Mr. Jenkins only has a daughter. Now that Southern Star is in chaos, Aunt Sasha would be forced to step in to stabilize the situation."
Justin's voice was heavy. "I don't recommend Aunt Sasha to step in now. Anyone who steps in will become the target. I've asked Ian to investigate those so-called elders in Southern Star, and none of them are easy. Although Aunt Sasha is Mr. Jenkins' daughter, she cut ties with Southern Star long ago. She doesn't understand what's going on in the group. If she goes, she'll likely be bullied."
"Who dares to bully Aunt Sasha?!" Bella widened her eyes, radiating a fierce murderous aura. "The KS Group and the Thompson family are her backers! If they try to touch Aunt Sasha, I'll skin them!"
The lawyer was shocked, and he trembled. 'Damn, how could this esteemed and famous heiress have a fiercer presence than a gang leader?"
Justin gently pulled the angry little woman into his arms, his eyes filled with affection. "Bella, I know it's hard for you to calm down when things involve your family, but think about it. Now, the public opinion is against Southern Star. If Aunt Sasha steps in and someone fans the flames, the target would turn to the Thompson family,"
Bella bit her lips, her gaze intense. "We are a family. No matter how difficult it gets, we must face it together. I can't stand aside and watch!"
"But have you thought about how Aunt Sasha would feel?" Justin sighed softly and stroked her silky hair." Why did she go to the lengths of severing ties with her father to be with Uncle Wyatt? Isn't she afraid of someday implicating the Thompson family because of Southern Star's troubles? If the Thompson family was affected, the guilt would torment her for life."
Just as Bella tried to think of something, Steven knocked on the door and walked in. "Ms. Bella, I've gotten the information you requested."
###chapter2024
Chapter 2024
As he spoke, Steven glanced at the lawyer.
The lawyer immediately understood and stood up. "Mr. Salvador, Ms. Bella, since Mr. Jenkins has entrusted me to this case, I'll do my best. I won't disturb you further."
Steven politely saw the lawyer out while Bella quickly picked up the document and read it with Justin. "
This is the information about Owen Hopkins I've asked Steven to investigate."
Justin's brows raised in surprise. "Bella, you have the same thought I had. I wanted to go after this Owen guy after investigating Southern Star. You're too clever."
Unable to resist, he pecked her lips again and again.
"Hmph, if I'm not smart, how could I keep up with you?"
Bella pouted playfully and then nuzzled his face. "This is a fierce battle. I can't possibly leave everything to you. I must do my best to share the burden with you."
Instantly, Justin's eyes stung, and his heart warmed up. He would rather his lover be clumsy and lazy, letting him pamper and dote on her without a care.
Bella being passionate and motivated only made him feel guilty, as he could not provide her with a peaceful and stable life.
Bella carefully read through the information and suddenly narrowed her eyes. "Mrs. Hopkins has Alzheimer's?"
Steven nodded seriously, "Yes. After I found out, I made a point of visiting the nursing home where Mrs. Hopkins stayed and understood the situation. The caretakers there said Deputy Chief Hopkins and his wife were deeply in love. Mrs. Hopkins has been sick for many years and can't take care of herself now, but Deputy Chief Hopkins still stuck to her side, always doing the dirtiest and most exhausting tasks. They were touched and saddened by it."
This information was indeed surprising to Justin and Bella.
Owen Hopkins held a high-ranking and powerful position, and he was a handsome man in his prime with a bright future. Countless women threw themselves at him, hoping to take the place of Mrs. Hopkins and become the respected wife of a deputy chief.
However, they did not expect Deputy Chief Hopkins to be so loyal to his wife. He had a clean private life and political career.
No matter how they looked at it, he seemed like an exemplary man and husband.
"How is Mrs. Hopkins' condition now?" Bella asked while looking through the document.
"Terrible." Steven frowned deeply. "Her Alzheimers' is already at a late stage. Deputy Chief Hopkins has drained his savings to treat his wife and visited all the reputable hospitals in the world, but his effort was in vain. I heard from the caretakers that Mrs. Hopkins can't recognize him now. Some of them have also seen Deputy Chief Hopkins secretly wiping his tears in the corridor."
Although it was unrelated to her, Bella still felt uncomfortable when she heard this.
"So, he secretly worked with Christopher for that unfounded drug."
Justin was only gentle toward his lover, always remaining rational and cold to the others. "Even if he wants to save his wife, it is not a justified reason for him to participate in Christopher's dirty business."
"Human nature is not black and white." Bella sighed helplessly, and her gaze dimmed. "I'm thinking, if I were in his shoes, would I also take the risk? I think... I might."
"Bella, you won't." Justin held her hand and interlaced their fingers tightly. "You're not a selfish person, and you can't be that cruel. You're the kindest person I've ever seen."
"Ah.... If that's the case, then Owen really might do anything."
Steven tried to relate to Owen and realized something, his eyes widening. "Anyone who gets in the way of the new drug's development must die."
Justin narrowed his eyes. "It looks like Mr. Storm's situation is connected to him as well."
Bella exchanged a look with Justin, her red lips slightly curled up. "Looks like we'll have to make time to visit Mrs. Hopkins."
Lance informed Christopher to meet him, but Christopher was in no rush and only arrived casually when it was evening.
The secretary led him into the chairman's office, and Taylor waited outside.
The air in the office was tense. Lance sat on the sofa and stared at him with a dark gaze. "Why are you only here now?"
"Didn't you see that I'm injured? I went to the hospital." Christopher smiled ambiguously and pointed at his ear.
To meet Lance, he had deliberately re-bandaged his wound. He could not let anyone make a joke out of him.
Lance glanced at him and sneered. "Aren't you always the one biting others? I didn't think there'd be a day when you'd get bitten by a dog,"
The smile on Christopher's lips gradually turned cold.
He was undoubtedly calling him a dog.
"What were you up to recently? Do you want me to tell you, or you'll confess yourself?" Lance suppressed his anger and stared at him coldly.
###chapter2025
Chapter 2025
The air froze, and it was so quiet they could hear a needle drop.
Christopher looked at his father with a gaze as dark as a wild wolf's, yet his lips carried a casual hint of a smile. "Dad, it's just you and me left in the entire Iverson Group. Why beat around the bush? Can't we just be direct?"
Lance sneered and picked up a document on the table, flinging it at him.
The papers scattered at his feet, and he coldly looked down.
"Christopher, you've really done it. The first present you gave me after becoming the CEO is embezzling funds and helping outsiders, huh?"
Lance's gaze was icy, and he clenched his jaw in anger. "Do you think you're the only one who benefited from bribing the finance manager to funnel the company's funds to your offshore account and create a secret fund?
"That old fox was secretly siphoning his share as well. Because of his greed, it enabled me to trace it back to the things you did behind my back! That bastard returned the money and confessed what you secretly ordered him to do!
"He worked for me for decades, yet you've already started to dream of using my people for your own benefits after taking office for a few days. You're not just bold; you're delusional!"
Christopher did not bother to bend down and pick up the papers. Instead, he stepped on them, turning the papers into wrinkled trash with his polished shoe.
He knew about the finance manager's wrongdoings but did not care. Christopher only used people with greed. He might not dare to use those without desires.
Unexpectedly, he was caught by Lance.
"So, what do you want to do?" Christopher pushed his glasses and asked with a calm smile.
A surge of anger rushed up Lance's heart. Was he fearless because there was no going back? How could he still smile at this point?!
"Brat, you're still my son, and I have some affection for you, so I don't want to be too cruel. I'll give you two choices."
Lance leaned back, finally revealing his aim. "First, you willingly resign, and I won't tell anyone about your secret fund. Otherwise, don't blame me for disregarding our relationship. If the prosecution catches wind of this, it will be awkward for your situation. You've heavily offended the Thompson family before. Now that a chance to humiliate you has presented itself, Wyatt's second son will probably be running to arrest you."
Upon hearing it, Christopher was expressionless, though he secretly clenched his fingers.
"Second, hand over all the shares of Iverson Group you hold, and I'll let you keep your position as CEO. Choose!"
Without the shares, his position as CEO was merely an empty shell, and Christopher would be a puppet. Any of the two choices were dead ends. Ha, a father's love was indeed heavy.
A cold glint flashed across Christopher's gold-rimmed glasses. He stared at the man in front of him, who was so intent on making his life miserable, and his smile deepened suddenly.
"Dad, are you done showing your cards?"
Lance frowned. "What do you mean?"
"It's my turn now."
Christopher walked to the coffee table, picked up the remote control, and turned on the TV.
The pitch-black screen lit up, and instantly, the lustful and explicit images that would make one blush appeared over Lance's head.
Lance immediately sprang up from the sofa and stared in horror at his naked self on the screen, flanked by women. Emotions such as panic, fear, and surprise overwhelmed him.
Under extreme anger, he trembled all over, his vision darkening.
"Dad, you and your gang of old buddies sure are close. Eating, drinking, gambling, whoring-you do everything together."
Christopher did not look at the screen, finding it too disgusting. He merely admired Lance's changing expressions with mild interest. "Your skills are quite decent. You're not slowing down with age."
"You... you...!"
Lance's heart pounded wildly, feeling his world spin.
"Actually, if you don't try to fuck with me, I might have never brought this video out. After all, we are father and son, and it isn't my intention to hurt you."
Christopher sighed helplessly and shook his head. "Don't blame me. If you have to blame someone, blame yourself for forcing me into this confrontation. I didn't want to do this."
Lance widened his bloodshot eyes, trying to lunge forward to snatch the remote from him.
But his heart wrenched with pain, and sweat covered his face. Even standing was a chore for him, let alone anything else.
"Now, I'll only give you one option."
Christopher held the remote with his right hand, tapping it with his left palm. "Draft a formal statement now and officially announce your retirement for health reasons. Make me the chairman of Iverson Group."
"You... Ambitious brat... Dream on!" Lance clutched his chest, his body shaking.
"If you don't agree, I'll play this video on the big screen outside of Iverson Group's building now. Not only that, thousands of the Iverson Group's employees will receive this video by tomorrow morning."
Lance's face turned pale, and he reached into his pocket with trembling hands, taking his heart medication.
But because he trembled too much, the medicine bottle dropped on the ground and rolled to a stop at Christopher's feet.
"Medicine... My medicine..."
Christopher lowered his eyes coldly and picked up the medicine bottle. At this moment, a scene flashed across his mind. He stared at the life-saving medicine in his palm and was in a daze for a while.
Lance roared with a trembling voice at this moment, "Little bastard... Quick... Give me the medicine!" 'Little bastard.' Christopher's pupils contracted, a surging crimson shadow engulfing his vision. Anyone calling him this name was digging their own grave.
"Dad, you're really too unfair to me." Christopher's pale lips curled up eerily as he put the medicine bottle into his pocket. "As long as you begged me and asked me nicely, you wouldn't have forced yourself into
this corner."
###chapter2026
"You animal... G-Give me... Give me the medicine..."
A loud crash echoed through the room.
Lance could no longer hold himself up. Clutching his chest in agony, he collapsed straight to the floor, knocking over the coffee table.
"Dad, I'll give you one last chance."
Christopher leaned in slightly, looking down at him like a man would regard a dying, pathetic old dog. "If you kneel down and beg me right now, I'll give you the medicine. You always taught us to recognize when to yield. Isn't that what you said when we were kids?"
"Bastard... Dream on!"
Lance's face twisted in fury, his eyes filled with hatred as he tried to crawl toward Christopher's feet. However, no matter how hard he struggled, he could not get up.
Christopher took a step back, as if Lance were filthy and repulsive.
Lance's pallor turned from ghastly white to ashen gray.
The sight of his father's suffering stirred a dark pleasure in Christopher's heart. He could not help but laugh, his laughter growing so intense that tears began to well up at the corners of his reddened eyes.
"I've already sent your favorite son on his way. I don't mind sending you to join him. Go on, reunite with your precious son, Charles, in the afterlife." "Charles... My... My Charles..." Lance stared with bloodshot eyes, his parched and cracked lips parting as he reached out desperately for Christopher's pants.
Suddenly, his agonized expression froze.
That withered, stiff hand finally fell limp just inches away from Christopher's feet.
The room plunged into a deathly silence, cold and still as a tomb.
Christopher stood motionless. He lowered his head to gaze at the man who now lay dead at his feet, eyes wide open. The man died with a remaining grievance.
"Dad, if only I weren't your son... If so, I wouldn't have minded so much what you did to me and Mom. I could have found a way to reconcile with you." His fingers curled into his palms, pressing so hard they left deep marks.
Christopher murmured so softly that only he could hear himself. "I was supposed to be your best child. I could have walked a wide and righteous path. I could have stood before Bella with no shame, like Justin. However, you destroyed the real Christopher. You destroyed the humane and kind Christopher with your own hands. I'm not the one at fault... You were the one at fault from the beginning.”
Lance's secretary and Taylor were waiting outside the chairman's office. They were completely unaware of the events happening within its soundproof walls.
Suddenly, the door burst open. Christopher staggered out, looking lost and disheveled.
"Quick... Call an ambulance! My dad! He's having a heart attack! Hurry, call an ambulance!"
At first, Taylor was shocked by the panicked look on the man's face.
However, as he observed Christopher's cold and indifferent eyes, everything became clear to him. The corner of his mouth curled up ever so slightly.
On the other hand, Lance's secretary was completely frantic. He fumbled to make the call while rushing off to get help.
Within minutes, emergency personnel arrived, sealed off the office, and began resuscitation efforts on Lance.
But it was too late.
"Mr. Iverson, by the time we arrived, Chairman Iverson had already lost all signs of life." The paramedic sighed and said regretfully, "My condolences." In front of everyone, Christopher's eyes grew vacant. His entire body slumped, and tears spilled from his eyes.
He perfectly embodied the image of a devastated, filial son mourning the loss of his father.
The onlookers could not help but feel moved by the scene.
As word spread that Lance had passed away in his own office, and with the paramedics rushing in and out, news of Chairman Iverson's sudden death quickly circulated throughout the Iverson Group.
At the same time, the news of the Iverson Group's Chairman suffering a fatal heart attack began to spread online.
Outside the main entrance of the office, Christopher, flanked by his secretary and bodyguards, finally managed to break through the crowd of reporters and got into the car.
The luxurious black Bentley drove off in the direction of the hospital.
Sitting in the back seat, Christopher's lips twitched. His eyes were reddened, and before he could stop himself, he burst into uncontrollable laughter. Even Taylor, who was driving, could not help but shiver upon hearing the sound.
"Taylor... I've won. I've finally won!" Christopher gasped between fits of laughter. He clutched the bottle of heart medication tightly in his hand. "From now on, everyone will bow before me. This day has finally come." 
Just then, his phone rang.
S
Seeing that it was the Boss calling, Christopher quickly composed himself, taking a deep breath before answering respectfully. "Sir."
"Was it you?" Grant's voice was calm and languid, as if discussing something trivial.
Christopher's eyes darkened. "No, it was himself. He just couldn't survive this attack."
“Haha... It doesn't matter. After all, the process isn't important. I only care about the result.”
Grant's clear laughter rang through
the phone, soothing and close. "Congratulations, Mr. Iverson-No, should address you as Chairman Iverson now. After years of lying in wait you've finally reached the pinnacle of power. Your wish has come true." 
###chapter2027
For a man like Lance, who was once a titan of industry who stood shoulder to shoulder with Wyatt, news of his death should have been immediately suppressed by the Iverson Group. The company usually waited until the situation stabilized before making any formal announcement.
However, against all expectations, the news spread like wildfire overnight, with countless media outlets rushing to report it. It turned the entire city into a storm of speculation.
The source of the leak? Christopher.
Now, with the entire Iverson family reduced to just one man, Christopher, it was only natural that he would inherit the Iverson Group.
After years of plotting, he finally achieved his long-held ambition.
He ascended to the pinnacle of Iverson Group's power, leaving countless casualties in his wake.
The hospital's morgue temporarily housed Lance's body. As the sole family member, Christopher refused an autopsy. With no signs of foul play found at the scene, the police concluded the case as a sudden death due to natural causes.
In the hospital's lounge, Christopher sat upright on a square black leather sofa. His arms rested naturally yet regally on the armrests, eyes closed as he imagined himself seated on a throne.
"Dad, in all my nearly thirty years of life, this is the best gift you've ever given me. Thank you for making it all possible. Rest in peace."
Just then, there was a knock on the door.
After Christopher responded, Taylor entered. He led in a man dressed in a suit and carrying a briefcase.
Taylor then locked the door behind him.
"Mr. Lyles, please have a seat," Christopher said, a smile playing on his lips.
Mr. Lyles was one of Lance's most trusted confidants. Not only was he the legal advisor for the Iverson Group, but he was also the private attorney for the entire Iverson family. He had served Lance for over thirty years.
"Mr. Christopher," Attorney Lyles greeted him with a respectful bow.
Though Christopher's expression remained composed, it was clear that he was not entirely satisfied with this form of address.
However, with the major power shift now inevitable and only awaiting the formal announcement at the upcoming board meeting, there was no need to press the matter at this moment.
“Mr. Lyles, my father's will is in your possession."
Christopher smiled leisurely, "Now, you can read it out in my presence. After all, I'm the only one left in the Iverson family."
Mr. Lyles sighed helplessly. With a trace of sorrow in his expression, he pulled out the will from his briefcase. It was a document that went through countless revisions.
The moment Mr. Lyles took the will out, Christopher abruptly stood up and snatched the papers from his hands, eagerly flipping through them. Line by line, the black ink on white paper reflected in his dark, enigmatic eyes.
Christopher stood still, frozen in place as the seconds ticked by. Even Mr. Lyles, who had weathered countless storms, felt intense pressure. Beads of cold sweat formed on his brow.
Finally, after reading the entire document, Christopher narrowed his eyes slightly. He smiled mockingly and tossed the will at the attorney's feet.
"He even remembered to leave something for James and Astrid, who are locked up in prison. Yet he did not leave a single thing for me. Excellent! This is exactly what a father would do."
But that was not all.
Lance had even abolished the
hereditary system within the Iverson Group. He upended decades of family control. After his death, the company would select capable individuals to manage the company. 
Christopher started laughing-loud and unrestrained.
Even if he did rise to the position of CEO, he had been nothing more than a tool for Lance to stabilize the situation from the beginning. Once he had served his purpose, Lance would just discard him. 
Even now, as the last remaining member of the family that was not in prison, Christopher still did not get a thing from that cruel and cold-hearted father of his.
Observing the hint of madness in Christopher's demeanor, Mr. Lyles could not stop sweating in distress.
With Lance's sudden death, Mr.
Lyles found himself in a dangerous position as the sole witness holding the will. He was all too aware of how dangerous this was. He knew full well that this young man had a heart of steel and ruthless ambition. He Knew Christopher was capable of devouring anyone without remorse. 
And now, the moment had arrived much sooner than expected.
"Mr. Lyle, you were my father's trusted aide. Now that he's gone, I hope you can become mine and help me manage the Iverson Group."
###chapter2028
Christopher gracefully sat down again. His tone carried a blend of arrogance and veiled threat.
Mr. Lyles stood there trembling, hesitant and unsure. Sensing his indecision, Taylor stepped forward and handed him a lighter.
"Mr. Lyles, you're a smart man. You should understand that when a new king ascends to the throne, there will be new ministers. However, Mr. Iverson is a generous and kind-hearted person. He values your work and hopes you will continue to serve as the Iverson Group's legal advisor. Once Mr. Iverson officially takes charge, we will also take care of your family in recognition of your loyalty. Surely, this mutually beneficial outcome is something you'd want to see, right?"
Caught in a web of conflicting emotions, Mr. Lyles was terrified. However, it was clear that Christopher's patience was wearing thin.
A few minutes later, Mr. Lyles lit the lighter and set the will ablaze with trembling hands.
...
With the final obstacle removed, Christopher announced an emergency board meeting and scheduled it for the very next day.
He could not even wait until Lance's funeral arrangements were complete.
As he exited the lounge, Taylor and Mr. Lyles followed closely behind him.
Suddenly, Christopher paused. His previously dark eyes now gleamed with a vibrant light, his heart pounding uncontrollably.
At the other end of the corridor, the Thompsons approached, dressed in solemn black attire.
Supported by Mila, Wyatt walked with a grave expression. Asher, Axel, Arnold, and Bella followed behind.
"Bella..." Christopher murmured, staring at the woman he loved longingly.
Bella could feel the intensity of Christopher's gaze. However, her eyes remained cold and indifferent, exuding an unapproachable chill.
The way he looked at her made her skin crawl. It was as if a venomous snake stung her, causing goosebumps to rise on her snowy skin.
“Ash, did you see that? That shifty-eyed bastard is lusting after Bella again." Axel gritted his teeth, his voice low with barely suppressed anger. “I really want to gouge out his eyes and pickle them!"
"Pickled eyes? Are you sure you want to eat something that'll rot your insides?" Arnold squinted his fox-like eyes, teasing Axel.
The thought of Christopher's secret, monstrous deeds, pretending to be the epitome of grace and suffering, sent a shiver down Arnold's spine. He could not help but tremble slightly.
"Arnold, are you cold?" Asher asked in a deep voice.
"No..."
Before Arnold-could finish his sentence, Asher had already taken off his suit jacket and draped it over Arnold's shoulders. Then he gently grasped Arnold's hand, holding it tightly without a care for who might be watching, his actions both tender and resolute. 
Arnold felt the warmth radiating from Asher. As he clutched his jacket close, his long, pale fingers intertwined with Asher's.
Though Asher had always treated him well since they had become a couple, his care had been so meticulous recently that it occasionally left Arnold feeling overwhelmed.
"Uncle Wyatt." Christopher quickly stepped forward to stand before Wyatt, his eyes bloodshot with exhaustion.
"My condolences, Mr. Iverson," Wyatt said, his expression a mix of unease and conflict.
Though Wyatt's and Lance's long-standing friendship soured in recent years, Lance was gone now. Holding onto past grievances seemed meaningless.
"Now that I'm the only one left in the Iverson family, everyone else is avoiding me at this critical moment."
Christopher's voice trembled with
emotion, his eyes misty with sorrow. "I'm truly grateful that you're here to see my father off... I admit I've made mistakes in the past. Today... ` sincerely apologize for whateve done." 
With that, Christopher bowed deeply.
QUAS
Wyatt's brows furrowed slightly, and his lips tightened into a thin line.
When Christopher straightened up, his posture was firm, and his gaze was intense as he looked deeply at Bella, his voice rough.
"Even if you don't believe me, I'll
confess once more. I've never had any ill intentions toward you or Bella. My feelings have always been sincere. Please believe me, Uncle Wyatt." 
###chapter2029
The hallway plunged into an icy silence. It was as if they were standing in the cold morgue.
Instead of being moved by Christopher's shameless and brazen confession, Bella found it utterly repulsive.
Filled with coldness and disgust, her gaze bore into him as if she were looking at a terrifying, monstrous creature.
"Hah, though you've got the nerve to say that, I feel quite uneasy hearing it, Mr. Iverson." As someone straightforward and unfiltered, Axel could not hold back his anger any longer. "You've repeatedly targeted my brother-in-law just to get to Bella. Do you have any idea how much you've hurt him?”
Axel's repeated emphasis on "brother-in-law" was so deliberate that Christopher's face visibly darkened.
"Fine, let's say your petty jealousies are just a young man's whim. My brother-in-law doesn't hold grudges, so we haven't made an issue about it. But don't think for a second that our family has forgotten what you did to my father!"
Axel's anger flared as he recalled the past, his eyes blazing with fury and his veins bulging in his neck. "When my father fell ill, you pretended to offer help, but what was that trash you gave him? After taking your so-called medicine, his condition only got worse! Don't you dare claim you didn't have malicious intentions! Just because my father didn't support you and Bella, you decided to take revenge, didn't you? Do you think the Thompson family is just going to sit back and take that?"
After holding back for so long, seeing Christopher in person finally pushed Axel over the edge.
Even the Larsons shared Axel's anger. Their eyes blazed with righteous indignation.
In the past, Asher would have quickly intervened to calm his brother down.
But this time, he chose to remain silent.
"Ax, today isn't the time to bring this up," Wyatt scolded gently, his brows knitting together.
"I really didn't know the medication would have such strong side effects. If I had known..."
“Mr. Iverson, I've been friends with your father for decades. He even saved my life once. Even though we have grown apart in recent years, I am not one to forget a debt of gratitude. So, I won't hold the matter of the medicine against you any longer," Wyatt said coldly, his gaze fixed on Christopher, whose face was masked with an expression of feigned innocence and grievance.
Christopher's breath hitched. His fingers curled tightly into fists.
This statement implied that the only reason Wyatt was still willing to talk to Christopher was out of respect for his deceased father. If he were any harsher, it would be as if Christopher was not worth as much as a dead man. 
"Where is your father? Let me see him one last time." With these words, Wyatt signaled that he wanted to end the conversation.
The group arrived at the morgue and paused at the entrance.
“Uncle Wyatt, my father is inside,” Christopher said, his eyes red with grief.
He portrayed the image of a devoted son mourning his father to perfection.
Having prepared himself mentally
since hearing the news and during the journey here, Wyatt found his usually composed demeanon faltering. 
His tall frame trembled, his heart heavy with the weight of countless emotions.
After all, Lance was his friend of over thirty years, someone who had weathered many storms alongside him.
"He lived his whole life in the
spotlight, always competing with me, and now... He's gone just like that Wyatt murmured, his voice laced with sorrow. 
Supported by Axel and Mila, Wyatt slowly stepped into the morgue.
Just as Christopher was about to follow them inside, Bella's cold voice cut through the air, piercing his spine. "Christopher."
Christopher's heart raced as he quickly turned around. "Bella, you—”
She interrupted him immediately, her gaze as sharp as a blade.
###chapter2030
"Let's talk."
In the dimly lit hospital stairwell, the motion sensor light had not activated, leaving only the faint green glow of the emergency exit sign.
In the dark space, Bella and Christopher locked eyes. The surrounding air chilled rapidly.
"Bella, it's been a while since we last met at the Hoffman family's funeral. How have you been?" Christopher's gaze was intense as he took a step closer.
Bella took a step back. Her crimson lips curled into a mocking smile. "Christopher, do you really think you're doing everything flawlessly? Do you think you're the smartest person in the world, playing everyone in the palm of your hand? Do you think I don't know about your dealings with the Larson family's eldest son, Aaron, or what you've done to the people of the Southern Star Syndicate?"
She only mentioned Aaron and not Owen Hopkins, because she intended to keep the latter as a trump card. In time, Owen would be an even stronger leverage than Yvonne. Moreover, knowing Christopher's ruthlessness, if Owen were exposed, he might eliminate the threat immediately and destroy crucial evidence in the process.
"Bella, I know you don't like me, but there have been some misunderstandings."
Christopher fixed his gaze on Bella's face. Though he had admired it countless times, it still caused his heart to race. His lips curved gently as he spoke with his usual refined demeanor.
"Even if I have dealings with the Larsons, it's strictly business. Now that I've fully taken over Iverson Corporation, I plan to expand into the medical field, building hospitals and pharmaceutical factories. My interactions with Aaron are purely for business negotiations. As for the Southern Star Syndicate, their organization has been in chaos ever since their boss got arrested. That's all I know."
"You and Aaron are doing business, alright. You're trading in human lives, using them as test subjects for your drugs!"
Bella's fury blazed like wildfire as she pulled out the pack of blue pills from her pocket and threw them forcefully at Christopher's face. "The Southern Star Syndicate members are nothing but your test subjects. You chose them because you disguised your drugs as narcotics and sold them to the underworld. Even if the police found out, you would have a way to shift all the blame onto the syndicate, clearing yourself of any guilt!"
Christopher lowered his long, dark lashes, calmly bending down to pick up the pills.
He gazed at Bella with an expression devoid of anger, his eyes still full of tender affection, as if he could not help but be captivated by her. He was completely indulgent with her, as if she were the only one who mattered.
As expected of the woman he loved all his life, she was indeed sharp and intelligent.
Yet, despite his admiration, he
remained cautious. After all, his
Bella was cunning. She might be
recording their conversagh
“Bella, I really have no idea what you're talking about."
Christopher continued smiling at her, slipping the pills into his suit pocket.
This action gave Bella a stark and bloody answer.
"What will make you stop, Christopher?" Bella took a deep breath, shifting into negotiation mode.
She knew he was beyond reason. He was morally bankrupt.
However, she wanted to see just how depraved and evil a person could become.
She considered it nothing but an insight into how these people act.
Thud-
Christopher's tensed left arm pushed
O the side of E
head, pinning her beneath Bella'ce
he
heaved heavily. 
Bella's pupils contracted, her expression cold and unyielding, showing no fear.
At such close quarters, she was not afraid of his touch.
If he dared to harm her, she would be ready to use her butterfly knife to sever his limbs.
"Only the person who tied the knot
can untie it Despite the absence of anyone else, Christopher spoke in a low, intimate tone, meant solely for her ears. "Bella, leave Justin and be with me. I promise I'll become the dear 'Chris' in your memories." 
###chapter2031
Bella's crystal-clear eyes narrowed sharply.
Chris...
The name "Chris" echoed faintly in her ears. It was a distant memory she had nearly buried in the past.
The image of the gentle, pale-skinned boy who once smiled so warmly resurfaced in her mind.
However, the harsh realities of life consumed that boy. He became a demon who brought suffering to others.
With no other choice, but for the sake of her loved ones, the people he controlled, and those he harmed, she had to rid the world of this evil.
Seeing Bella lost in thought, Christopher mistook her hesitation as a sign of emotional sway.
His intense desire surged uncontrollably in his chest. He leaned closer, his breathing heavy, his long lashes lowered as he moved in to kiss her lips, which he had yearned for.
Click-
A sharp click cut through the darkness.
In an instant, Christopher's tall, slender body froze.
Along with the icy chill at his neck, he felt a sharp, cool sensation. His eyes narrowed slightly, and a pale smile played on his lips as he spoke, “Bella, your skills are just as good as before. Is Justin unable to give you the sense of security you need? Do you still feel the need to protect yourself so vigilantly?"
Bella's eyes were as cold and sharp as a blade, her butterfly knife pressing firmly against his trembling throat.
"Justin and I are partners. He provides me with an irreplaceable sense of security. But I've never been the kind of woman who seeks refuge through men. I can protect myself, and if necessary, I can protect him without hesitation."
Christopher's deep eyes were blood-red as if threatening to engulf Bella.
He struggled through a thicket of darkness and pain all his life. Everything he had achieved, though supported by others, was a result of his own bloodied battles.
No one had ever protected him. He even fought to shield his frail mother with his weak body.
Now, the woman he loved most stood before him, declaring that she would protect the person he hated with all his being.
He felt as if she was cruelly mutilating his heart, piece by piece, and then trampling on it.
"Christopher, do you not find it ridiculous that you are using yourself as a bargaining chip?"
Bella's crimson lips curled into a sneer, the angle of the butterfly knife shifting slightly. "With your current level of evil, what's left of your humanity? Do you think you're in any position to negotiate with me? Do you think you can make me give up on Justin? In this life or the next, I will never choose you. If you have any shred of conscience left, stop your wicked schemes. Otherwise, I will stop at nothing. Even if it costs me my life, I'll destroy you and the person hiding behind you!"
With a swift motion, Bella cut a narrow slit in Christopher's expensive suit with the butterfly knife, then forcefully shoved him aside and walked away with determination.
With a resounding bang, the door to the stairwell slammed shut.
The sensor lights flickered overhead as Christopher chewed his lip and slowly raised a hand to touch his throbbing neck.
Looking down, he saw his fingertips stained with vivid red blood. However, despite the pain, he broke into a twisted smile, his eyes dark with a psychopathic gleam.
Outside the door, Taylor's voice came through.
"Mr. Iverson, are you in there?"
"Come in."
Taylor entered immediately, closing the door softly behind him. He addressed Christopher's rigid, darkened back.
"Mr. Iverson, Chairman Thompson, and the others are leaving soon. Would you like to see them off?"
“Whether I see them off or not makes no difference. No matter how much I try to please Wyatt, his attitude toward me won't change."
Christopher's gaze remained fixed
on the blood on his fingertips. The image of Bella's luscious red lips continued lingering in his mind,
stirring his heart. "Justin is nou
Wyatt's son-in-law. He can grovel and flatter Wyatt, but I can't I only have eyes for Bella." 
"Hmph, aside from groveling, what else can Justin do? Yet, Ms. Thompson and Chairman Thompson are still in favor of him!" Taylor's expression showed disdain and frustration. "A fierce woman sure fears a persistent man!"
"Bella knows about my secret dealings with Aaron."
Christopher's eyes turned icy, his fingers clenched tightly. "She even found out that I instructed Aaron to sell so-called drugs and use the members of the Southern Star Syndicate as test subjects."
Taylor looked stunned. "H-How did she find out so quickly?!"
The Thompson family's heiress was truly exceptional. Though a woman, she was a formidable opponent that should not be underestimated!
"Arnold has kind of become part of the Thompson family, and Elias is the Southern Star Syndicate's boss. Besides, Bella is also in contact with her potice officer brother. It's only a matter of time before she uncovers something." 
Even at this stage, Christopher's gaze toward Bella remained full of admiration.
"Did Ms. Thompson only find out about Aaron? What about Deputy Chief Hopkins?" Taylor could not help but worry.
"She probably hasn't found out yet. Otherwise, with Bella's cunning nature, she would have reported me to the police by now if she had such a crucial witness."
Christopher adjusted his
gold-rimmed glasses, his lips curling
into a faint smile. "However, Bella has given me a reminder this time We need to be more cautious. know Bella and Justin's methods. Since they've uncovered Aaron, he's now a ticking time bomb So, I need to get rid of him before they do something with him." 
“Now that the drugs have spread through the underground market to half of Savrow, Aaron is no longer of much value to us." Taylor's expression turned scheming. "Keeping him around is a risk."
"I'm the type who prefers to make full use of resources. He must die for a worthy cause."
Christopher stared grimly at his reflection in the fire extinguisher glass.
His face was a haunting sight.
"I'll need the entire Larson family to clear me off my dark crimes."
"Rest assured. They will take the blame. You agreed on this with the Boss a while ago, didn't you?" Taylor bowed slightly. "I'll notify Deputy Chief Hopkins to make preparations in the coming days."
"It's also time to take action against the Southern Star Syndicate," Christopher said coldly, brushing past Taylor as he turned away.
###chapter2032
The next day, news spread like wildfire across Savrow and even nationwide.
Christopher officially took over as chairman and CEO of the Iverson Group. He inherited all of Lance's assets.
Five days later, they laid Lance to rest.
Christopher arranged an exceptionally grand funeral, rivaling, if not surpassing, the extravagance of Logan Hoffman's funeral.
The turnout for Lance's memorial service displayed a stark contrast to the Hoffman family's crisis-ridden state. It demonstrated the vastwork and deep-rooted influence of the Iverson family in Savrow.
More importantly, in the past two years, the once-unknown Christopher Iverson repeatedly turned the tide in the Iverson Group's favor during critical moments. He proved his formidable leadership skills.
Naturally, many in the business world were eager to align themselves with Christopher, hoping to hitch a ride on the fast-moving Iverson Group. Little did they know, it was a ship destined to collide with an imposing iceberg, leading to their ultimate ruin.
At the KS Group headquarters, Bella sat in the CEO's office, her gaze fixed on the tablet displaying news about Christopher. Her brows furrowed with concern.
Just then, Ralph called her.
"Bella, I've conducted two more investigations recently. But I still haven't found any leads. The person who delivered the final blow did it cleanly and efficiently. I suspect it might be someone in the police force."
Bella leaned forward. She rested her elbows on the desk and her hands on her forehead, deep in thought.
The only name that seemed to fit all the evidence and motives was Owen Hopkins.
It was not some mystical intuition but rather a logical deduction based on the gathered evidence. Among all the individuals linked to Christopher's interests, only Owen had both the capability and motive.
“Bella, it'll be troublesome if this gets
dragged on. If Elias can't provide evidence to prove his innocence, the prosecutors will formally prosecute him! Ralph's voice showed atinge of worry. 
"We have no choice. We'll have to drag it out, even if it means being shameless about it."
Bella took a deep breath, her voice
growing hoarse with frustration. "Ralph, I need you to investigate Aaron and the Larson Group over the next few days. Aaron is one of Christopher's drug distributors. If we can get evidence of his 'drug dealing', we can use him to extract confessions about Christopher's crimes!" 
"Don't worry, Bella. As your brother and a veteran detective, I've already sent people to look into it."
"Thanks, Ralph."
Suddenly, Bella's eyes darkened. "Also, keep a close watch on Aaron, especially his safety. You need to be vigilant, even if he's surrounded by bodyguards twenty-four-seven." 
Her mention of Aaron in front of Christopher was a strategic move.
Aaron's exposure would certainly make Christopher nervous. With his malicious nature, he would undoubtedly seek an opportunity to silence Aaron.
A mad dog appeared normal until provoked. It would only reveal its true nature by attacking and tearing at things blocking its path.
This was the best way to draw out the culprit.
Bella was not just playing a game with Christopher. She was also racing against time.
Just after finishing the call with Ralph, Steven knocked and entered the office.
"Ms. Thompson, the car is ready. We can depart at any time."
"Okay."
###chapter2033
Bella glanced at her watch and said, "Let's have a meal first. After that, we'll head out. We might face a tough fight, so it's best to fight while we're full."
"Ms. Thompson, are you really going alone? Shouldn't we inform Mr. Salvador so he can keep an eye out for you?" Steven's brows furrowed slightly because Southern Star Syndicate was more like a den of bandits.
"I'm not going alone. Aunt Sasha is already there," Bella replied casually.
"But..."
"Besides, Justin can't come with me. He has other matters to attend to."
Bella's gaze was sharp. Her slender, elegant figure exuded the commanding presence of a strategic leader. "We need to split up to keep Southern Star from falling into chaos."
In the afternoon, at the VIP ward of the hospital.
Watson Jenkins, the once formidable figure now with graying hair, sat propped up by the bed, receiving an IV drip. He had thrown up all the lunch he had eaten.
Ever since Elias' arrest, Watson's health has deteriorated rapidly.
A few days ago, Sasha visited him. The father-daughter duo, who had not seen each other for many years and were not very expressive with their emotions, sat for nearly an hour without speaking.
It was a heartbreaking display of childishness that seemed absurd.
Later, Watson's companion, Lane, brought them food. Sasha broke the silence first. She helped her father sit up and fed him bite by bite. Thinking of her once heroic and commanding father now unable to eat on his own, Sasha could no longer hold back her tears. "Chairman Jenkins, Ms. Jenkins still loves you," Lane said, holding Watson's withered hand by the bedside, her voice choking up with tears. She had been with him for half her life. Though she was not the first woman by Watson's side, she would be the last.
Without an official title as Watson's wife, the Southern Star members called her "Ms. Lane", while Sasha referred to her politely as "Aunt Lane".
"That damn girl... She's spoiled by that old bastard, Wyatt Thompson, but she seems to be doing well," Watson said, maintaining his stern demeanor, though his eyes became moist.
"Power and wealth don't matter
much. The opinions of others are not even worth considering." Lane's bright eyes softened with a gentle smile. "What's important is living comfortably and happily. Even if you don't think so, Ms. Jenkins is content with her life. Besides, Mr. Thompson is in his sixties and still looks like he's in his forties. He's handsome and wealthy, a rare find at his age. Ms. Jenkins really hit the jackpot." 
"Tsk, I'm not even dead yet, and you're praising another man before me. Aren't you afraid I'll lose my temper?" Watson feigned anger.
"Look at you. At your age..." Lane
placed his rough hand against her face and gently rubbed it. "Even if Mr. Thompson is wonderful, I still prefer my man. You have the masculinity I admire." 
"Lane, let's get married."
Watson suddenly spoke, his usually stern eyes showing rare tenderness. "If you don't mind me in this state."
Lane was stunned. Her eyes filled with boundless joy and astonishment.
"Forget it... It's too late." Watson
shook his head with a bitter smile,
his voice tinged with guilt and regret.
"I don't have much time left, and
you're still young... You have a long life ahead. Just pretend I never said anything." 
Lane's eyes welled up with tears of excitement. Just as she was about to respond loudly, a knock sounded on the door.
"Chairman Jenkins, the Chairman of the Iverson Group, Mr. Christopher Iverson, is here."
"Who?" Watson's brows furrowed deeply.
Christopher, accompanied by Taylor, walked in with an inscrutable smile in his dark, probing eyes.
###chapter2034
Chapter 2034
Southern Star was now in turmoil, struggling with internal and external crises. With Watson's godson Elias arrested and Sasha taking charge of the group, only Lane remained by Watson's side.
Watson took a deep breath, his eyes dark and brooding as he stared at Christopher's haughty and aristocratic face. The eyes hidden behind Christopher's refined gold-rimmed glasses seemed to conceal ulterior motives.
Having been with Watson for many years, Lane had seen all sorts of demons and monsters. She could sense that Christopher's visit was far from friendly. She felt him radiating ambition and hostility.
"Mr. Jenkins, you don't look well. It seems you're quite ill."
Before Watson's invitation to sit, Taylor had already moved a chair over, and Christopher elegantly seated himself.
His tone was not that of a concerned visitor but of a blatant agitator.
Lane's anger flared up. As she was about to speak up, Watson cut her off, his gaze icy. "Chairman Iverson, if you came here to visit, you can leave now that you've seen me."
"Don't be hasty, Mr. Jenkins."
Christopher reclined with his tall and lean figure, crossing his legs casually. "I came to visit you, but that's just one part of my agenda. The main reason I'm here is to discuss business with you."
"I have nothing to discuss with you, Chairman Iverson!" Watson's voice was weak with frustration." Lane, see him out!"
"I want to acquire the Southern Star Group," Christopher stated coldly, his ambition blatant and unrestrained.
It was nothing but an arrogant declaration.
"What... What did you just say?!" Watson's face flushed red with anger, his previously pale countenance now suffused with rage.
The Southern Star Group was Watson's lifelong achievement.
Not only that, but Wyatt had also provided significant support behind the scenes. To ensure the Southern Star Group's success and that projects could be established in Savrow and other provinces, Wyatt invested over $300 million of his own savings.
Sasha was unaware of this, as were Bella and the other Thompson family members. Wyatt had used his personal savings to support the Jenkins family without expecting repayment.
Now, Christopher, this presumptuous young man, wanted to swallow up the Southern Star Group right from the start of the conversation. How could Watson tolerate that?
It was like letting this pale-faced little brat defecate on his neck!
"Heh... It's not even dark yet. Are you already daydreaming, Chairman Iverson?"
Watson's eyes burned with rage, his emaciated body trembling slightly. "The Southern Star Group isn't a publicly listed company. It's not something you can just acquire. I don't agree with it. So, don't even think about it!"
"Indeed, that's true. That's why I came here to discuss it with you."
Christopher adjusted his glasses and remained calm. His long fingers lazily pointed upward.
"Now, the whole country knows I have officially taken over the Iverson Group. In Savrow, the Iverson and the Salvador families each control half of the businesses. In the future, if the Southern Star Group wants to establish itself in Savrow, it should know who it can offend and who it can't.
"Otherwise, not only will I engage in a business war with you, but I could also have the police visit your territory frequently. How long do you think the Southern Star's business will last if that happens?"
Lane clearly felt Watson's hand growing colder and trembling severely. She could not help but feel both anxious and angry.
"Since the Southern Star Group is doomed anyway, why not sell it to me? My offer is something that very few people could refuse."
Christopher smiled as he spread his hands, and Taylor respectfully presented a stack of checks. "Take this money. It's enough for you to get proper medical treatment. It'll also ensure a comfortable life for you and your wife in your later years. If you miss this opportunity, when Southern Star eventually falls apart, even if you offer it for free, no one will want it."
He signed a check with a flourish, writing down an amount beyond what ordinary people could dream of, and tore it off, handing it to Taylor.
Taylor then walked over and handed the check to Watson.
Gasping for breath, Watson received the check.
Christopher's smile grew. However, his triumph lasted only three seconds before Watson tore the billion- dollar check into shreds.
His face darkened, his eyes cold and menacing.
"Southern Star... No matter what, I will never sell it to you!"
Watson's eyes turned crimson with rage as he hurled the shredded paper at Christopher, scattering it across the floor. "Take your filthy money and get out!"
Eyes wide with anger, Taylor was about to retaliate. However, Christopher raised his hand, stopping him with a calm gesture.
"In that case, let's change the terms of our discussion."
The man's eyes narrowed. A faint, enigmatic smile played on his lips. "As long as you agree to sell the Southern Star Group to me, I can ensure your godson, Elias, survives this ordeal. The prosecutors are going to charge him with intentional homicide. If luck is on his side, he'll face the death penalty. If not, life imprisonment. If you sign the contract, I'll send him back to you. Sign the transfer agreement, and I guarantee that within a week, Elias will be back by your side, safe and sound."
Watson's heart clenched painfully, his entire being contorted in anguish. Though officially his subordinate, Elias was as dear to him as a son.
How could he bear to see Elias die?
In his agonizing struggle, Taylor had already placed the pen and transfer contract before him. The thin sheets of paper seemed so heavy, threatening to crush his legs with their weight.
Trembling, Watson held the pen, its tip hovering over the signature line, unable to bring himself to sign. "Chairman Jenkins..." Lane's heart ached, tears streaming down her face uncontrollably. Christopher checked his watch, his impatience growing evident. "I'm busy and don't have extra time to deal with you. Make a decision quickly. You might be able to wait, but Elias cannot."
Amid Watson's heart-wrenching dilemma, a deep voice cut through the air like a resonant bell echoing in
an ancient, silent temple,
"Hold on!"
###chapter2035
Chapter 2035
Watson's pen hovered in mid-air, his gaze drawn in surprise to the door as he heard the formidable voice cut through the tense air.
The familiar, authoritative tone struck like a cold, gleaming sword aimed straight at Christopher's back.
He gritted his teeth and narrowed his eyes as he turned to see the source of the voice.
There, Justin was striding into the room with undeniable authority. His commanding presence sharpened with lan's imposing figure closely following behind.
"M-Mr. Salvador!" Watson's previously ashen face lit up with a glimmer of hope.
Although Watson had never met Justin, the mere presence of this man brought him an inexplicable sense of reassurance.
After all, Wyatt, known for his impeccable judgment, had chosen Justin as his prospective son-in-law.
The fact that Wyatt would entrust his beloved daughter to Justin spoke volumes about the latter's remarkable character and capability.
This was a stark contrast to Christopher, who, despite his outward charm, was revealed to be a deceitful and cruel character.
"Justin, what are you doing here?" Christopher asked, his eyes dark with menace.
"Whatever you're here to do, I'm here for the same purpose," Justin responded, his tone calm and unyielding. While his demeanor was devoid of overt threats or provocations, his noble and aloof air radiated an inherent intimidation.
In comparison, Christopher's sinister expression seemed petty and inconsequential, lacking the noble presence that Justin effortlessly exuded.
Taylor clenched his fists, his gaze fixed menacingly on Justin.
Ian, too, tightened his fists, ready to pounce when necessary.
"Just now, I overheard most of the conversation between you and Chairman Jenkins."
Justin's lips curled into a charming smile. His starry eyes softened with a hint of indulgence. "Sorry, I learned it from my wife. I hope you won't mind, Chairman Jenkins."
Justin's presence made Christopher seethe with jealousy. His veins throbbed with rage, and his chest burned with frustration.
"Not at all! It's an honor for me to meet you, Mr. Salvador!" Though Justin was young enough to be Watson's son, he spoke to him in a deferential tone.
"Chairman Jenkins, the Southern Star Group is the culmination of your life's work. You must not sell it."
Justin's gaze turned frosty as he glanced at Christopher. "Even if you want to sell, it should not be to someone like Chairman Iverson. His words aren't worth believing."
Christopher jumped up suddenly, his chair crashing to the floor.
"He claims he'll help you rescue Mr. Storm, but after you sign the contract, he could easily backtrack. Wouldn't you end up losing both your company and your ally? This is his usual tactic. If you don't believe it, you might want to visit the prison and check on James and Astrid Iverson. That way, you'll understand his methods better."
Watson's eyes widened in realization.
In his desperate bid to save his godson, Watson nearly fell into Christopher's trap.
Deception was common in business. Promises without proof were easily reneged.
"Chairman Iverson, please get out of here!"
Justin's arrival shattered the fear Christopher had imposed on Watson. His gaze regained its sharpness, like a predator ready to strike. "Even if it means burning the Southern Star to the ground, I will never let you have it! As for Elias, I believe in justice and fairness. No one can truly escape the law."
Seeing Justin's intervention jeopardizing his almost complete plan, Christopher was furious.
"If that's the case, I can only say it's a great pity."
Christopher sneered, his eyes bloodshot with fury. With a last venomous glare at Justin, he stormed out with his secretary.
As the tension in the room began to dissipate, Lane's face remained pale. Watson clung to her hand, comforting her.
Despite years of seeing violence and upheaval, Lane was terrified by Christopher.
"Mr. Salvador... Thank you for what you did just now."
Watson took a deep breath and looked at Justin with sincere eyes. "If you wish to lead the Southern Star Group... I'm willing to step down and hand the entire company over to you. I won't ask for anything in return."
"Chairman Jenkins, I've never considered acquiring the Southern Star Group. The group will always belong to you and Ms. Jenkins."
Justin smiled gently. "I'm here to calm your emotions. You're understandably distressed over Mr. Storm's situation, and Christopher came here to break through your defenses and deceive you into giving up the Southern Star Group. Fortunately, we saved everything. From now on, I will increase the number of bodyguards around you and ensure that the Iverson family won't bother you again."
"Mr. Salvador... Thank you so much for this." Watson said, deeply moved, his throat tightening with emotion.
"As for Mr. Storm's situation, please don't give up and hold on to hope." Justin's eyes burned with assurance. "Ms. Thompson and I will find a way to clear his name!"
Meanwhile, chairs reigned at the Southern Star Group.
Sasha stood in the smoke-filled conference room, trembling with rage.
There were cigars and fine liquor on the table. More than a dozen of the Southern Star Group's senior executives were enjoying a feast in front of her.
The sound of soup slurping was incessant, and her blood pressure soared.
Taking advantage of Watson's long illness and their seniority, these senior executives showed no respect for Sasha, the rightful heiress of the Southern Star Group. They had long harbored intentions of dividing
the company.
"Everyone, the Southern Star Group has a longstanding rule against eating during meetings. What is the meaning of this gathering in front of me?!" Sasha's narrow, beautiful eyes widened in fury.
"A few of us came straight here without eating, just to attend this damned meeting. There aren't many restaurants around. Ms. Jenkins, you can't expect us not to eat, right?"
"Besides, where we eat is our business! Women always make a fuss about everything!"
Indeed, it was their choice where they chose to eat. However, using the conference room as a dining hall was a blatant challenge to the Jenkins family's authority.
Sasha's temples throbbed with anger, her chest rising and falling rapidly.
She could not ignore it, but if she confronted them, the group of old men would surely rebel. This would further disrupt the meeting.
Just as she hesitated, the sharp, authoritative click of high heels approached.
Dressed in a striking black suit, Bella walked into the conference room with a strong presence amid the stunned gazes of the crowd.
###chapter2036
Chapter 2036
"Bella...?!"
Sasha was utterly stunned when she saw Bella suddenly appear. She was a tough woman who had taken three bullets before without shedding a tear, but the sight of Bella coming for her now moved Sasha to the point of tears.
Some of the older members of the syndicate noticed Bella approaching, finding her somewhat familiar. However, most of them were mostly gruff, uncultured men from the underworld who were far removed from the refined circles of this exceptional heiress. They brushed her off as simply a pretty, naive girl.
Some even chuckled crudely at her.
Sasha's fists tightened with fury, her anger boiling. While she could put up with being mistreated, she was prepared to fight anyone who dared to mess with Bella.
However, before Sasha could react, Bella, with a cold glint in her beautiful eyes, walked over to the man who had just mocked Sasha.
With one hand casually in her pocket, Bella grabbed a pot of hot coffee nearby.
The next second, there were cries of anguish as Bella smashed the scorching pot of coffee on top of the man's head.
"Aaahh!" He howled, clutching his scalded scalp in agony.
"Wasn't it you who said women were troublesome?" Bella jeered, her ruby lips curled in a wicked grin as she crossed her arms, radiating pure dominance. "Well, let this be a lesson. Women aren't only troublesome but also ruthless and dangerous. So remember, never mess with a woman again."
The members seated around the table had known each other for decades, discreetly working together for mutual benefits. Watching their colleague shamed by a young woman, they found it deeply troubling.
One by one, they slammed their fists on the table and stood up, glaring at Bella's composed expression. The man angrily yanked the pot off his head and smashed it onto the ground, shouting, "You bitch! How dare you hit me! Which gang do you even belong to?!"
Before Bella could say anything, Sasha quickly jumped in to defend her, glaring fiercely. "This is Bella, the heiress of KS Group! If anyone tries to lay a hand on her, they'll have to go through me—I'll fight them to the death myself. There's no need to even bother Chairman Thompson."
The room fell silent, the chaotic meeting now hushed. The man covered in coffee opened his mouth, but the curses he wanted to utter got stuck in his throat like a clump of dirt.
The hot coffee had splattered everywhere, and of course, some had landed on Bella too. She calmly removed her now ruined, expensive jacket and tossed it at the man.
Bella spoke calmly, "Clean up the mess, and let's carry on with the meeting."
Despite her casual demeanor, everyone could feel the weight of her presence. Shaken by commotion earlier, they lost their appetite and slumped back into their seats.
Sasha confidently took her seat at the head of the conference table, with Bella calmly sitting beside her, making Sasha feel completely at ease.
"Madam Sasha, this is a private meeting of the Southern Star Syndicate. Bringing an outsider like her... It's against the rules, isn't it?"
The person who said this was a highly respected figure within the Southern Star Syndicate.
Bella stayed quiet, lowering her eyes.
"Ha, you've all turned the conference room into a mess, even eating here. Is that following the rules?" Sasha looked around the room with a cold gaze.
These words shut them up for the moment.
###chapter2037
Chapter 2037
"I have two announcements to make today." Sasha paused. Her gaze was as sharp as a blade. "Firstly, I will be taking over, effective immediately, from Elias for full control of Southern Star and its thirteen divisions in Savrow."
Sasha's voice deepened as she delivered her second announcement. "Secondly, Southern Star will now be enforcing a complete ban on all kinds of drugs."
The conference room erupted in chaos.
The announcement of the drug ban was just as jaw-dropping as the ban on cigarettes.
In less than half a year, the entire Southern Star Syndicate had become embroiled in the drug trade. All thirteen branches, from the top down, were mixed up in it.
The staggering profits from the drugs had simply been too tempting to pass up. With a single statement, Sasha had threatened the livelihoods of far too many invested parties.
"I !"
"I as well!"
Voices of protest rang out one after the other.
Sasha's delicate hands, resting on the table, tightened into fists, her eyes reddening with anger.
In contrast, Bella, who sat beside her, maintained an eerie composure.
"Madam Sasha, your order is completely unreasonable! Southern Star has a rule against drug dealings, but what we sell aren't drugs-they're medicine! Why shouldn't we be allowed to sell them?!"
Jordan, who was a major distributor of the medicine, swiftly stood up in ion to the ban. "Banning this medicine without justification will cut off our livelihoods. Times are already hard, and it's only thanks to this medicine that all thirteen branches have been able to make ends meet. If you ban them now, how are all the members supposed to survive?!"
"Exactly! Cutting off someone's source of income is equivalent to killing their parents!"
The crowd chimed in agreement.
"That stuff may not be a typical drug, but it's still illegal. Recently, some people in Savrow have died from using it, and Southern Star is involved." Sasha's voice was hoarse, but she chose her words carefully.
"The people making these substances have ulterior motives and may have even more sinister plans. If we don't stop this now, the entire Southern Star could get dragged into it. By then, it'll be too late to fix the mess. This matter has already attracted serious attention from the police, and Southern Star is being watched closely. If we don't stop now, that's what will truly endanger the members!"
"Those people were weaklings. They can't blame the medicine for that!" Jordan scoffed, waving his hand dismissively, greed glinting in his eyes. "Right now, this medicine is in high demand in other provinces, and the price is skyrocketing. It's the perfect time to make money. The police cracking down is a good thing! As the saying goes, the rougher the sea, the more valuable the fish!"
Sasha was fuming, her anger twisting her stomach in knots.
At that moment, she finally grasped the reason for her father's declining health over the years. She had barely been in this position for an hour, and she already felt like bursting.
"Since Madam Sasha is so set on banning the medicine, we have nothing else to discuss!"
Jordan stood up with a grim look, and the others joined him in full rebellion. "I'm done taking orders from Southern Star. I'm going my own way from now on!"
He continued, "From now on, I'll run my own business at my own risk! Southern Star doesn't have to worry about me. My people and I won't be paying any more tribute to the Jenkins family."
Sasha's complexion paled noticeably.
"We stand with him!"
In a matter of seconds, seven or eight other members also rose to their feet. "Nowadays, only a fool would pass up a money-making opportunity. If the Jenkins family wants to starve us out, we have no reason to keep following them."
With more than half of the high-ranking members abandoning the group, it was obvious this revolt had been carefully orchestrated beforehand.
They did not show up to the meeting for nothing. They had come to stage a takeover.
Just as the group was about to walk out of the conference room, Bella, who had been quiet for a while, finally spoke up in a steady and composed manner.
###chapter2038
Chapter 2038
"Listen up, everyone. Once you leave this room, you'll be cutting ties with Southern Star for good. From now on, you'll no longer be allowed to profit under Southern Star, and the protection you've enjoyed will end the second you walk out." Bella narrowed her eyes, her graceful arms resting elegantly on the armrests.
With a slight push of her toe, her swivel chair turned to face them.
"The underworld is never just about fighting and killing; it's about relationships and connections. You don't actually believe that you've made it this far without trouble because of your reputation alone, do you?"
The crowd exchanged uneasy glances.
Some of the less influential members started to fidget uncomfortably after hearing her words.
"What do you mean, Ms. Thompson? Are you trying to threaten us?" Jordan narrowed his eyes.
"The only reason the Southern Star Syndicate has been able to thrive all these years is because my father has been secretly supporting the group behind the scenes. Yet, you've somehow convinced yourselves that the group's success is all your own doing. Isn't that just downright ridiculous?"
Everyone was speechless.
They had no idea the Thompson family was secretly backing the Southern Star Group.
"The Thompson family has been providing each of the thirteen branches with $10 million each year to keep your operations running. This is all on record. I'm not making it up," Bella said with a sweet smile as she rested her delicate fist against her cheek. "Since you no longer want to be part of Southern Star, my family will also stop supporting you. As for the medicine you depend on to get by, well, that's another story."
Bella's laugh sent chills down the spines of those old men.
"My brother, Ralph, is the captain of the criminal investigation team. Everyone here has probably heard of him. Now, imagine if I asked him to drop by your operations from time to time, audit your accounts, and maybe even search your premises under the pretext of cracking down on illegal substances. What do you think will happen to your business then?"
She continued, "He's a perfectionist, you know. Once he's got someone in his sights, he's relentless until he has completely torn them down."
At these words, a couple of the branch leaders who were not as influential as Jordan quietly slipped back to their seats.
Jordan glared at Bella, his eyes practically burning holes through her.
However, to back down now would be too humiliating! Others shamelessly returned to their seats, but he could not afford to lose his pride like that.
"Look, Ms. Thompson, I am not a pushover. I've been working with Chairman Jenkins for years, and I'd say that half of Southern Star's success is all thanks to me! Heck, who in the underworld doesn't respect me? Even Chairman Jenkins has to give me some credit. For years, we've paid more than enough tribute to the Jenkins family. You talk about spending $10 million a year on us, but how much have we got back? We've been squeezed dry, and now we can't even make a living? We're sick of living this miserable life!" This man knew how to provoke people.
After all, how could anyone not be angered when told their livelihood was cut off?
"Everyone! Let's go!"
Though three people had returned to their seats, five still followed Jordan as he left the room.
Just then, Steven suddenly barged in, his cold gaze scanning the room as he entered.
Behind him, two rows of bodyguards in black suits filed in, encircling the entire conference room.
The high-ranking executives of the Southern Star Group were all taken aback.
Bella and Sasha were equally surprised.
At that moment, Steven stepped back, politely gesturing for the newcomer to enter.
A tall, stern-faced man in a dark coat confidently strode into the room, his piercing eyes scanning the crowd with a hint of malice.
###chapter2039
"Ryan?!"
Bella's eyes widened in surprise as she stared at Ryan's imposing and handsome face, her pupils shining like morning stars.
"Chairman Hoffman?!" Sasha, standing beside Bella, was also stunned.
Ever since Carrie's incident, Ryan has devoted himself entirely to being by Carrie's side. He paid no attention to either the underworld or the business world.
Except for attending Logan's funeral, he had not made any public appearances, maintaining an extremely low profile.
This marked only the second time he had appeared since then.
The rebellious members of Southern Star, including Jordan, were visibly shaken when they saw Chairman Hoffman arrive. Some even took an involuntary step back in fear.
"Aunt Sasha, Bella."
Ryan's eyes narrowed slightly as he shrugged his broad shoulders, causing his black coat to slide off. Dean promptly caught it.
"Justin sent me here, saying there would be quite a spectacle here today. I'm someone who loves to join in the fun. Look, my good brother didn't disappoint me."
Gazing into Ryan's intense, vibrant eyes, Bella bit down on her quivering lips, her eyes turning red.
It was a struggle for her to control her emotions and hold back the tears.
How long had it been since she had seen Ryan smile so carefreely? It felt like a lifetime ago...
The man who had once been the most arrogant and unruly in all of Savrow now seemed to have returned after enduring all the trials and hardships. "Everyone here should know who I am, right?"
Ryan's smile was enigmatic as he surveyed the crowd, finally fixing his cold gaze on Jordan.
"Though my grandfather is no longer here, and our Hoffman family is now engaged in legitimate business, a dying camel is still bigger than a horse."
He looked down and deliberately
fiddled with the wedding ring on his finger. "If you leave here today, you will not have the protection of Southern Star or the Hoffman family. The underworld is
treacherous, filled with bel
and
slaughter. From now on, you're on your own." 
His words were a blatant threat. But a threat from Ryan was ten times more intimidating than one from Bella.
Everyone knew that the late Logan Hoffman had been a man of great loyalty, a legend in both the business and underworlds. Even the famous Watson Jenkins could not compare to him.
Although the Hoffman family had ventured into legitimate business, many gangs in the underworld still admired the late Logan, relying on the Hoffman family for support.
They just did not admit it publicly to protect the Hoffman family's reputation.
There was still a sliver of hope for survival if one offended Southern Star, but there would be absolutely nowhere to go if one offended the Hoffman family.
Not to mention the rumors
circulating in the underworld that
Liam, the second master of the Hoffman family, mysteriously died in a hospital despite heavy police protection. Everyone believed this was Ryan's doing. 
to 
"I'll count to three. If you're back in your seats by then, Southern Star and I will let what happened today slide."
Ryan raised his brows slightly, a cold smile tugging at his lips. "Three..."
He hadn't even counted to one before all the traitors, except for Jordan, scrambled back to their seats. Some fidgeted nervously, while others pretended nothing was amiss. It was almost comical to witness.
"Jordan, you've been with my dad longer than anyone else in Southern Star. You even held me as a child.”. Sasha looked at Jordan's tense,
shaky back and sighed deeply
speaking sincerely. "The Southern Star Syndicate doesn't belong to my father alone. It's the result of everyone's hard work." 
She continued, “As long as you're willing to turn back and never touch those drugs again, my father and I will pretend nothing ever happened today." After a few seconds of silence, Jordan finally walked out of the conference room under everyone's watchful eyes. Although he had left the Southern Star Syndicate, all the members chose to stay.
With both Bella and Ryan providing backup, none of the subordinates who harbored rebellious intentions dared to make a move.
After the meeting, Sasha was drenched in sweat, feeling like she had been skinned alive.
"Damn... I can finally understand Elias now. His life these past years has been so hard."
Her voice trembled as she spoke, and her eyes welled up with tears.
"Aunt Sasha, don't worry. Justin and I will find a way to save Mr. Storm."
###chapter2040
Bella gently comforted Sasha, then turned her attention to Ryan.
"Ryan, why did you suddenly come here?"
"Of course, it was Justin who informed me." Ryan flashed a warm smile. "He couldn't leave his place, but he was worried something might happen to you and Aunt Sasha, so he sent me to check on you. After all, people from the underworld still give the Hoffman family some respect."
"Oh, come on, Chairman Hoffman, don't be so modest. Compared to your influence, mine is as insignificant as an old shoe," Sasha teased, her naturally cheerful personality showing through even in such a tense moment.
Ryan chuckled. "What influence do I have? It's all thanks to my grandfather's lingering status in the underworld."
Bella asked with concern, "How's Carrie? Is she doing well?"
The man's eyes softened infinitely. "She's gained some weight since I've been feeding her well. She's doing fine."
"Has she started talking yet?" Bella asked carefully.
Ryan slowly blinked as he gently shook his head. "After the wedding, I want to take Carrie on a trip around the world. Maybe we'll see some doctors along the way."
"That's a good idea," Bella smiled comfortingly. "Who knows, maybe when Carrie sees some breathtaking scenery, she'll be so amazed that she'll start talking."
"Bella, I'll take your good wishes," Ryan's eyes shone brightly, never having lost hope.
...
As the group stepped into the underground parking lot, a familiar car pulled up in front of them.
"Bella!" Before lan could open the door, Justin had already jumped out and pulled Bella into his arms, holding her tightly. "Sorry, I'm late."
"You're just in time! We were just about to leave," Bella tiptoed and affectionately nuzzled her cheek against his jaw. "How did it go with Mr. Storm?" “Just as you predicted, Christopher went to see him, trying to buy out Southern Star. I stopped him.” Justin replied calmly, not thinking he had done anything particularly remarkable.
"Justin, I can't thank you enough," Sasha said, her voice choking with emotion.
Justin's eyes curved into a smile. "We're family. It's what I should do."
"With this crisis resolved, Justin, Bella, I'll head back to be with my wife now." Ryan was about to leave when he suddenly thought of something and turned to Sasha "Aunt Sasha, should I send
to keep an eye on that
troublemaker's business? 
Sasha shook her head. "Forget it. Let him be. He's on his own and can't stir up much trouble."
With that, Ryan and Sasha each got into their respective cars and drove off.
As soon as Bella got in the car, Justin wrapped his arm around her waist, pulling her onto his lap and holding her close to his chest.
Their lips met in a heated, eager kiss, neither wanting to pull away until Bella was dizzy and Justin's eyes were ablaze with passion.
"First victory achieved, shall we celebrate?" Justin's deep, husky voice murmured against her ear.
“Hmm... I'm a little hungry," Bella said, sitting comfortably in his lap, her arms draped around his neck. She had effortlessly shifted from the fierce, decisive leader she had been moments ago to a soft, lovable woman.
“Is that old diner still around? I haven't been there in ages, and I'm craving it.”
Justin's thin lips curved into a smile as he pecked her lips again. "Alright, let's go eat.”
The car sped away, leaving a trail of dust behind.
Not far away, Asher and Arnold stood watching the entire scene unfold.
“See? I told you there was no need to worry so much." Arnold narrowed his eyes as he playfully poked Asher's cheek with his finger. "With Mr. Satyador protecting her, who would dare mess with her? Who could even manage to?" 
"Yes, you're right, my dear partner." Asher wrapped his arms around Arnold's waist, their noses touching in perfect harmony. "From now on, I'll focus solely on protecting you. It's time for me to step back from elder brother duties." 
###chapter2041
Chapter 2041
Although the Southern Star Syndicate had been saved, there was no progress in Elias' case.
Meanwhile, Ralph, following Bella's instructions, had people closely monitoring Aaron's movements.
After handling all the funeral arrangements for Lance, Christopher visited his mother, Sophie, at a top- tier nursing home in Savrow.
Sophie had withered away to little more than skin and bones. She sat in a wheelchair with her back to her son, tended to by a caregiver, basking in the sunlight of a garden.
But the sight was heartbreaking, her frail body seeming as if it could disintegrate into ashes under the warm rays and be carried away by the breeze.
"Mr. Iverson, your mother's condition is very bad," the attending doctor said with a worried expression, shaking his head.
"She's in the late stages of Alzheimer's. It's not just her memory-her ability to speak is also deteriorating. Moreover, your mother has a heart condition, which only increases the risk in this advanced stage."
Christopher sighed heavily, pressing his dry, pale lips together.
"There's no cure for Alzheimer's disease. My advice is to spend as much time with her as you can. Make her remaining days as comfortable and happy as possible."
"Who said that there's no cure?" The man's voice was raspy, as if burned by fire, muttering under his breath.
"Excuse me? What did you say?" The doctor was taken aback.
"Who told you there's no cure for my mother's condition? Who told you she's beyond saving?!" Christopher's eyes turned red as he suddenly erupted, his voice hoarse and desperate.
His emotions were clearly spiraling out of control.
"There is a cure. There will be a cure soon.... It's not cancer. Why can't it be treated?!"
Christopher grabbed the doctor by the collar, his grip so tight that it nearly lifted the man off the ground.
The doctor was terrified, but fortunately, Taylor arrived just in time to pull Christopher away.
"Mr. Iverson, please calm down. He's just an ignorant fool who doesn't know anything. He understands nothing!"
Christopher's chest heaved as though it were on fire. He took slow steps toward his mother. Waving the caregiver away, he knelt beside Sophie and tended to her with the utmost gentleness. "Mom... I'm here to see you. Christopher is here."
After a while, Sophie slowly opened her eyes, staring blankly at Christopher as if frozen in time. "Mom..."
"Lance... What will it take for you to believe me?" Suddenly, a faint light flickered in Sophie's eyes, though it was fragmented and weak. She spoke slowly, each word laborious, "I've never... Had anyone else... I only ... Have... You..."
Christopher was stunned, tightly gripping his mother's frail, stick-like hand, inadvertently leaving
crescent-shaped marks on her skin with his fingers.
"Mom! Look carefully at who I am! I'm your son, Christopher! Mom!"
"Lance... Take me... Home..."
Tears welled up in Sophie's eyes as she raised her hand to gently caress Christopher's cheek.
Christopher felt as if he had been struck by lightning, the blood in his veins turning cold. His teeth clenched so tightly they ground together.
She had mistaken him for her husband. In these final days of her life, she had forgotten her own son, yet she still remembered the man who had hurt her so deeply.
The excruciating pain he felt in that moment. How could anyone else understand?
"Mom... Lance is already dead."
Christopher's once gentle gaze turned dark and icy, forming a hard, cold shell. "I killed him. I avenged
you."
"From now on, I'm all you need."
###chapter2042
Chapter 2042
"You... Who are you... Who are you?!" Sophie's eyes were wide with shock as she flailed her hands wildly in the air, her nails raking two deep scratches across Christopher's fair, handsome face.
"You're not my son... My son, Christopher, would never be so cruel! He would never be this cruel!"
Christopher knelt on one knee, his face composed and resolute, as he watched his mother descend into madness.
He felt as if he had gone mad too-just a very quiet kind of madness.
Hearing the commotion, two caregivers rushed over to restrain the trembling, struggling Sophie.
"Call the police... Call the police.... He's a murderer... A murderer!"
But who would believe the words of a late-stage Alzheimer's patient?
Sophie's frantic cries finally died down as the caregivers escorted her away.
"Mr. Iverson... Please don't be upset. Madam Sophie isn't in her right mind anymore. Don't take her words to heart," Taylor continued comforting him, but seeing the distressing scene was heartbreaking enough. He could not imagine how much harder it must be for Christopher.
"How much longer... How much longer do we have to wait?" Christopher shut his eyes tightly, his breaths quickening with frustration. "He can wait, but my mother doesn't have time to spare!"
Taylor bit on his lip and spoke softly. "Mr. Iverson, perhaps... Perhaps you should let Madam Sophie try this drug? Who knows, it might just work out by some lucky chance?"
"Absolutely not!" Christopher rejected the dangerous suggestion without hesitation. "The drug has only been in trials for less than six months, and it's already killed several people healthy, living people! It's clearly potent and highly unstable! I can't... I can't let my mother take that risk!"
"But right now, you have no other choice. You have to try anything that might save her!" Taylor couldn't hold back any longer and blurted out the diagnosis he'd overheard from the doctors. "The doctors said that if we continue with conservative treatment, Madam Sophie has, at most... just six months left! Maybe even less!"
Christopher had expected this, but hearing it still felt like a blow to the back of his head, leaving him struggling to maintain his composure.
"If that's the case, why not take a chance? If it could prolong her life, it's worth it!"
At that moment, Taylor's phone rang.
He pulled it out, and his eyes suddenly widened in response.
"Mr. Iverson! There's been an incident!"
Christopher's expression darkened as he pulled out his phone and checked Twitter. He saw a trending topic causing a stir online. "Human Drug Experiment!"
A Twitter post from the official Savrow Daily account had gone viral, being reposted over a million times. After all, everyone in Savrow knew that the Salvador Corporation was one of the newspaper's major shareholders.
The Twitter post boldly declared that a mysterious blue pill, spreading like a virus in the black market, was being marketed as a medicine. However, in actuality, the pill was being secretly used for human drug experiments.
Not only that, the Twitter post included a video showing a member of the Southern Star Syndicate violently reacting to the drug. The footage was incredibly disturbing.
Public outrage over the post was intense, causing the news platform to crash. The consequences were
severe.
Taylor was stunned. His phone suddenly felt like it was burning a hole in his hand. "Savrow Daily must be out of their minds! How could they post that news publicly? Are they crazy or something?"
###chapter2043
Chapter 2043
"The Savrow Daily is backed by the Salvador Corporation. Apart from Justin, who would have the nerve to release something like this?"
Christopher slowly lifted his eyes, his gaze clouded by a deep shadow of darkness behind his gold-rimmed glasses. "So, they've stirred up the public opinion, huh? Not bad."
Taylor quickly realized something. "The most frustrating part is that we can't even get rid of this trending topic. Otherwise, wouldn't that be falling right into their trap and causing a disaster for ourselves?"
At that moment, a call came through.
Christopher glanced down and noticed the name "Ms. Amaryllis" on his phone. He clenched his jaw and picked up the call.
Clarice spoke in a stern tone, like a prosecutor demanding an explanation. "Chairman Iverson, the commotion on your end has gotten so big that it's reached the Boss. What on earth is going on?"
"It's Justin's fault. He wanted to blow things out of control. He used the public to try and shut me down and keep me from taking any action."
Christopher was already fuming with rage, and Clarice's accusatory tone was the final straw that sent him teetering on the edge of an explosive outburst. "I'll personally call the Boss and explain everything in a moment!"
"Hmph, don't bother. He is furious right now and has no patience for your nonsense!"
Christopher's fair, delicate face slowly contorted with rage.
He wanted nothing more than to fly to Meridan and tear this woman's vile mouth apart.
"You'd better resolve this mess quickly!" Clarice's tone was laced with mockery, "I hate to say this, but have you gotten so full of yourself since becoming the chairman that you're making such a rookie mistake?"
Recently, Christopher had been overwhelmed with many things-from planning his father's funeral to restructuring the company and handling the situation involving Southern Star. This gave his opponents the opening they needed.
"Enough! I'll take care of it. Even if this blows up into a full-fledged crisis, even if I'm left with nothing, I won't let it mess up the Boss' big plan!"
"Chairman Iverson, I know you're enjoying your newfound power, but watch out. Pride always comes before a fall!"
That afternoon, the sun's warmth and gentleness created a peaceful, pleasant atmosphere.
Bella and Justin were once more at the old diner, sitting side-by-side on the bench, absorbed in their food. Although Justin lived a poor life when he was a child, he later entered the Salvador family.
His grandfather meticulously raised him as an upper-class nobleman, instilling in him the importance of table manners: no talking while eating.
But Bella, the beloved daughter of the Thompson family, did not follow those rules.
In public, she was the epitome of elegance and grace. But in front of Justin, she disregarded her image. She was slurping her soup noisily and picking up the bowl.
"Bella... Eat a little slower." Justin gently rubbed her soft, delicate back. He wanted to remind her to be quieter, but he did not dare do so.
Oh well, his little foodie was adorable no matter what, and he would pamper her. Who cared what others thought?
"I'm already eating slowly!"
Bella set down her bowl with satisfaction, her clever eyes narrowing playfully. "Look at how many shares and comments we've got!"
"Over a million comments and over ten million shares." Justin wiped her lips with a napkin in his left hand while scrolling through his phone with his right.
Bella grinned. "But we can definitely make this even bigger. Time to turn up the heat!"
She stared at the old chef who was focused on chopping vegetables, and suddenly her eyes grew misty." Christopher thinks that standing at the pinnacle of the Iverson Group's power means he can control everything. He can silence people and even eliminate them, but he'll never be able to cover the eyes of millions of people who seek the truth!"
Upon hearing Bella's words, Justin's heart filled with fervor as he pulled her close, enveloping her in a tight embrace.
Just then, lan sent them a message, interrupting their peaceful moment.
[Mr. Salvador, bad news! The president of Savrow Daily just called, saying they can't handle the volume, so they need to take down that post and remove the trending topic.]
###chapter2044
Chapter 2044
Justin's eyes were clouded with a somber, troubled expression as he readied himself to call the president
of the Savrow Daily. However, just as he was about to dial the number, Gregory interrupted him with a call. Something seemed off. Justin wanted to step away from Bella to answer the call, but he was afraid she would think that he was keeping secrets. So he turned slightly and answered the call in a hushed tone. "Dad, what's the matter?"
"Was the news about the human drug experiments on Savrow Daily's official Twitter account your doing?" Gregory's tone was stern.
"Yes,"
"I've already issued orders to have it taken down. As for the trending topic, if I don't take it down, someone else will!"
Justin furrowed his brows, and his temples pulsed. "No, you can't take it down!"
Bella's bright eyes observed Justin calmly.
"This decision isn't in my hands. The higher-ups have demanded that the news be taken down. There are doubts about the credibility of the information, as it was published without official confirmation. This has caused a significant public backlash and concern. If this issue isn't addressed properly, the Salvador Corporation could face serious trouble."
In contrast to his usual practice of harshly scolding his son, Gregory spoke in a much more measured tone this time, outlining the potential upsides and downsides for Justin.
"First of all, this isn't unverified news-the video is real, and the human experiments are a known fact. The police have been secretly investigating the source of this illegal drug. If the media doesn't speak out now, when will they?"
Justin was so angry that his voice became hoarse. "If the media chooses to stay silent, more people will suffer, and more will go astray! Hiding the truth would be the biggest mistake!"
Bella's eyes fluttered as she breathed deeply, trying to compose herself.
There was silence on the other end of the line.
After a long pause, Gregory spoke again, his tone unusually earnest.
"Justin, as your father, I'm not a heartless man. When I was young, I too had a passion for my career, a desire to contribute to society, and a heart for charity. But all of that is secondary to safeguarding the Salvador Corporation and the Salvador family. Before I am a philanthropist or a social activist, I must first be a businessman seeking to prioritize the family's interests."
Justin was taken aback and pursed his lips, his eyes conveying a mix of emotions.
"This news has really stirred up the public and could cause some major problems for the Salvador Corporation. We can't afford to go against the higher-ups here. That would just be unwise. The more sensitive the situation, the more important it is for us to stay under the radar and stay low-key."
?
Justin's instincts, honed from years of experience, told him that something was off about Gregory's tone. "Dad, are these really your words, or is this something someone told you to say?" he asked.
He knew his father too well.
Gregory had spent a lifetime in the limelight, courted by people in the business world. He was never one to
be so detached or indifferent.
Gregory hesitated, then sighed.
"After the incident, Grant called me. Justin, he means no harm. He just wants to protect the Salvador Corporation from falling into chaos."
"So, it's Grant." Justin felt a tightness in his chest as he looked at Bella next to him.
Bella's eyes were downcast, a paper cup pressed against her flushed lips. She appeared to be drinking, but she had not taken a sip in a long time, clearly lost in thought.
"Well, that's the bottom line. The higher-ups are shutting down that trending topic today. You just stay out of it. Even if such an inhumane issue exists in Savrow, it has nothing to do with you or the Salvador Corporation!"
Now, that sounded like something Gregory would say.
Justin was ready to argue and hold his ground, but Bella tenderly placed her hand on his arm and gently shook her head.
After hanging up, Justin squeezed her small hand, letting out a bitter, muffled laugh.
###chapter2045
Chapter 2045
"Look, Bella, it always ends up like this."
Bella looked at him with eyes full of concern, not blaming him nor resenting his father.
Although the enemy needed to be opposed, Justin and Gregory had only recently reconciled due to recent events. She did not want to see them grow apart again.
"Don't worry, even if Savrow Daily removes it, I'll make sure other media continue to report on it. It's just that the influence may not match Savrow Daily."
Justin's heart was reluctant, his eyes ablaze with determination. The fire had just been ignited. He could not let it be extinguished so easily.
"It's not your dad's fault. This is pressure coming from the higher-ups." Bella spoke gently, trying to calm him down. "But what's really surprising is that your older brother decided to step in at this crucial moment."
"I stayed with the Salvador family for three years. The Salvador Corporation has faced numerous business crises before, yet Grant always remained calm and unshaken. This time, it's just a news story from Savrow Daily stirring up some public backlash, and most people don't even think it's related to the Salvador family. Yet he appeared immediately, offering advice to your father."
The heiress of KS Group was a remarkably insightful woman.
Fortunately, the Thompson family was harmonious, so it left Bella with no opportunities to put her schemes into practice. So she turned her cunning toward the Salvador family instead.
Bella observed. "He's being a bit too proactive. It doesn't quite fit his usual indifferent personality."
She then picked up a curly fry and brought it to Justin's lips.
Despite feeling full, Justin happily took a bite of the fry that his loving Bella offered him. His eyes gleamed with joy and fulfillment.
"So, Bella, what are you thinking? Do you think there's something wrong with my brother?"
Bella ate the fries as a bold and terrifying thought formed in her mind.
Could Grant be connected to this drug as well? He had mentioned knowing many people in the pharmaceutical industry in Meridan and possessing rare drugs that ordinary people could not obtain. Could there be some hidden, intricate connections?
But Grant did not lack money. What reason would he have to do such a thing?
Or perhaps she was overthinking it, and Grant's interference was just a ploy to gain favor with Chairman Salvador, paving the way for his own return and quest for power later on.
But regardless of his motives, Bella saw one thing clearly. Grant might have saved Justin's life back then, but that did not necessarily mean they were allies.
There was no chance Grant and Justin would work together. They were destined to go in opposite directions.
Just then, Bella's phone rang. It was Steven calling.
"Ms. Bella, everything has been arranged. Please tune in to the three o'clock news now."
"Thank you for your hard work."
After hanging up, Bella quickly opened the app, turned the screen horizontally, and leaned her head close to Justin's.
At this moment, the three o'clock news began airing, with the lead story about illegal drugs and human experimentation.
"Bella, when did you arrange all this?!" Justin's eyes sparkled with astonishment.
"Actually, I realized that relying on just Savrow Daily was still not enough."
Bella nestled in the man's embrace, her head gently rubbing against his firm chest. "So, your wife had to give you a little push and prepare a backup plan. Don't worry, I'll always be here for you."
Although Savrow Daily had removed the post from their official Twitter, no matter how hard they tried, they could not control the trending topic.
###chapter2046
Even though the keyword "living human experiment” had been banned on online platforms, the public still managed to push it back to the top in a different way, refusing to let it fade away quietly. Thus the topic remained trending.
Aaron, one of the involved parties, was panicking, feeling like he was sitting on pins and needles. He immediately contacted Christopher.
"Christopher! What is going on?! Did you not say it was just a popular recreational drug from abroad? How did it suddenly turn into a banned substance that has not passed clinical trials?!"
Christopher was just humiliated by Clarice and had not been able to reach the Boss. Now, with Aaron yelling at him as well, he felt like pulling out a machine gun and firing it in the street. But if he could not control his anger, the grand plan would be ruined.
From being a fragile and abandoned son of the Iverson family, Christopher had fought his way through a bloody path in Sentania, now commanding the respect of thousands. He achieved all of this by being bold yet cautious and by maintaining his composure under pressure.
Christopher downed a full glass of whiskey, took a deep breath, and then laughed.
"Why panic? It's just baseless rumors and sensationalist fake news. Did the Savrow Daily not debunk it already?"
"But the topic is still trending! Thoseizens are crazily posting and discussing it. We cannot delete them all!"
On the other end, Aaron was flustered.
"Christopher! Tell me! Are you really using me for drug testing?! Are you trying to set me up and destroy the Larson family?! The Larson Group is a top pharmaceutical group in the country! If the police cannot withstand the public pressure and intensify the investigation, they will soon trace it back to me! When the truth comes out, the Larson family will take the fall, and you will walk away unscathed!"
Christopher narrowed his eyes and sneered silently. This time, Aaron had guessed part of the truth, but it was too late. Aaron was already involved and had no way out.
"If the police do find me, I will definitely expose you! Don't think you can pin this on me!"
"First of all, the chances of that
happening are extremely slim. Mywork has infiltrated the entire Savrow political scene. This matter will eventually be swept under the rug. But let's talk about the Larson Group. How is your cash flow holding up?" 
At those words, Aaron's panic turned to complete despair. He was stunned.
"You! What are you talking about?!"
vels
Christopher's gaze was cold and his every movement exuded a sense of superiority. "Over the years, your Larson family has poured everything into developing a new drug to treat Alzheimer's, causing all other projects to come to a halt. You have put all your eggs in one basket. But the past two years have seen significant setbacks in your research. The government is no longer willing to fund your efforts. 
"Adding insult to injury, some of the
projects Chairman Larson had invested in have repeatedly failed, leaving you with billions in losses. The Larson Group's new drug project is on the brink of being shut down. You naturally do not want years of hard work to go to waste, so you thought of working with me to sell this drug and generate revenue to support the Larson family." 
But, as the saying goes, there was no free lunch in the world. Moreover, ill-gotten gains would eventually backfire.
"Mr. Larson, making money is not shameful. These days, people despise poverty more than anything else."
Christopher's pupils were like stormy whirlpools, deep and terrifying. "You are already on this ship, so getting off is not an option. You might as well go all in. For your father and the Larson family, you must hold on."
Christopher's words were very persuasive, temporarily calming Aaron.
"This weekend, come to our newly opened resort to relax and hear my next plan."
Currently overwhelmed by the drug testing issue, Aaron did not think twice before agreeing to Christopher's invitation.
After hanging up the phone, Taylor immediately approached Christopher. "It's time to prepare, Mr. Iverson."
"This fire must not reach me. Otherwise..." Christopher, as if plunged into the dead of winter, felt a slight tremor in his broad shoulders. "I have a feeling that if I fail again this time, the Boss will completely abandon me."
###chapter2047
In the following days, Bella and Justin decided to divide and conquer their tasks separately. Although Justin no longer openly defied Gregory, he secretly fueled the public's outrage, determined to use this intense scrutiny to force Christopher out of his dark hiding place.
One day, just as Justin was about to attend a meeting, he unexpectedly received a call from Sasha.
"Aunt Sasha,” Justin greeted, his voice steady, courteous, and approachable.
Sasha, who was usually sharp-tongued and critical, spoke to Justin in a rare tone of warmth and restraint, tinged with a trace of guilt.
“Justin, I still haven't properly thanked you for what you did last time. If you hadn't arrived in time, Southern Star would have been doomed. I'm still terrified when I think about it. If something had happened to Southern Star... I don't know how my father would have carried on. I wouldn't have been able to face Wyatt either."
"Aunt Sasha, you don't have to be so formal. Everything I did was my duty." Without a hint of arrogance, Justin remained as humble as ever. "The fact that you, Uncle Wyatt, and the entire Thompson family were willing to accept me again and allow Bella and me to reconcile that trust alone is something I'll spend my life repaying."
Nearby, lan could not help but marvel at his boss.
Justin's sweet words and flattery used to be somewhat awkward, as if he were borrowing Ryan's words. Now, though, they flowed naturally, as smooth as silk.
"Justin, don't say that. You're making me feel even worse."
Sasha took a deep breath, her tone firm. "I called to thank you but also to pass on a message from my father. Tonight, he's holding a press conference where he'll reveal everything about the illegal drug abuse Southern Star Syndicate has been subjected to."
Justin's expression turned to shock. "This is no small matter. Please, you and Chairman Jenkins must think it over carefully."
"My father knew you would say that. Because exposing Southern Star Syndicate's situation would be like laying bare his weaknesses and inviting investigation by the police and prosecutors. But my father is tired, Justin. He's truly exhausted. He'd rather be summoned by the police and even risk going to prison than keep silent. He wants everyone to know just how terrifying this drug is. Besides, given Southern Star's current condition, only by completely overhauling everything can we hope for a brighter future.”
Justin nodded solemnly. "If that's the case, Bella and I will respect Chairman Jenkins's decision. Tonight, I'll also increase security at the press conference to ensure his safety."
...
Later that afternoon, at a nursing home in Savrow, Owen canceled an important meeting with provincial leaders. He drove himself, ran two red lights, and arrived drenched in sweat.
“What happened?! How could my wife try to commit suicide?!" Owen frantically grabbed the nurse's arm, his face drenched in sweat.
"This afternoon, after lunch, Mrs. Hopkins suddenly said she wanted to see her son..."
Owen's heart plummeted into an icy abyss. His wife was in her early forties. She had suffered a miscarriage in the second trimester when she was 29 years old. The unborn baby was a boy.
More than ten years had passed, but now, for her to suddenly become hysterical over their lost child, even to the point of attempting suicide, could only mean that her condition had worsened drastically, leading to severe memory loss and confusion. 
"A young nurse who didn't know what was going on mentioned that Mrs. Hopkins didn't have a child. Mrs. Hopkins broke down immediately, shoved the nurse aside, and ran out of the room. She
e
1
even knocked down selderly
people in the hallway... Then she climbed onto the rooftop..." 
Owen's pupils contracted violently, and his heart felt as if it were being crushed.
"But... Who would have thought that
the Thompson family's heiress would come out of nowhere in the nick of time? She grabbed Mrs. Hopkins off the rooftop railing. We all watched with our hearts in
throats!" The nurse, Bella's
heroic rescue, spoke with
admiration, turning what was a tense and heavy moment into one filled with awe and excitement.
Owen's eyes widened in disbelief. "Did you say the Thompson family's heiress?"
"Yes! The girlfriend of the Salvador Group's president, the daughter of Hatchbay's richest man, Wyatt Thompson-Ms. Bella Thompson!"
The nurse could not praise Bella enough, giving her a thumbs up. "I must say, Ms. Thompson has incredible strength! Even I couldn't have lifted Mrs. Hopkins, but she did it with ease. She must work out regularly and eat well!"
###chapter2048
Chapter 2048
Owen's mind buzzed, leaving him frozen in place. It was not until the nurse called out to him that he managed to move. His steps were heavy as he walked toward the hospital room.
Inside, his frail and emaciated wife leaned weakly against the headboard, her eyes wide with fear, clutching Bella's hand as if it were a lifeline. Bella stood by the window, gently stroking the woman's back and whispering soothing words to calm her.
Owen stood in the doorway, utterly astonished. His wife, tormented by her illness to the point where even the nurse who had cared for her for nearly a decade sometimes struggled to control her, was now calm and composed in Bella's presence.
They had only just met, yet they seemed to get along so well. What was even more incredible was that Bella had managed to stabilize his wife's emotions without the need for sedatives.
"Darling!" Owen, his face ashen, hurried over and pulled his wife into his arms, holding her tightly.
"Mrs. Hopkins, didn't you keep asking where your husband was? He's here now," Bella said softly, her voice as refreshing as a cool spring.
Mrs. Hopkins stared blankly at her husband's face for a long moment before her lips moved sluggishly." Owen... You're here? Have you eaten?"
Owen's eyes were filled with deep love, surging like ocean waves. He gazed at his wife intently before looking in shock at Bella, who was smiling warmly.
"My wife... She..."
"The nurse mentioned that your wife hasn't recognized you for quite some time," Bella said, her hands clasped behind her back, her gaze tender as she looked at Mrs. Hopkins. "But you see, no matter how much the illness torments her, as long as you love each other, Mrs. Hopkins will never forget you."
Her words were simple, yet they touched Owen deeply. His voice was hoarse as he spoke. "Thank you for saving my wife, Ms. Thompson."
"It was nothing, really," Bella replied, her lips curving into a slight smile, though her eyes took on a more serious tone. "Deputy Chief Hopkins, may I have a word with you in private?"
The warmth that had briefly filled Owen's heart was instantly chilled again. The two walked out of the room, where Steven, full of concern, quickly approached them.
"Ms. Bella..."
Bella instructed firmly, "I need to speak with Deputy Chief Hopkins alone. Steve, stay by the door and keep an eye on Mrs. Hopkins. If anything happens, contact us immediately."
Owen was slightly taken aback. The simple phrase "contact us" seemed to create an invisible bond between two strangers.
On the sunlit rooftop, the early winter wind blew fiercely. Bella stood tall and graceful against the wind, her long, jet-black hair billowing around her. She closed her eyes slightly, lifting her face to feel the sun's warmth on her cheeks.
Though the weather was cold and her clothing thin, she felt no chill, for her heart was ablaze with passion. "Ms. Thompson, if you have something to say, please make it quick. I need to get back to my wife," Owen said, his gaze fixed on her elegant silhouette, his tone cold and distant.
"I believe that, as a decorated officer with a background in narcotics enforcement, you must be someone with a strong sense of justice and a heart that yearns for the light," Bella said as she opened her eyes and slowly turned to face him. "Surely, more than anyone, you despise drugs. Am I right?"
###chapter2049
Chapter 2049
The wind howling across the rooftop felt like a series of invisible blades, slicing through the space between them.
"Of course," Owen replied, his voice deep and reserved, choosing his words carefully.
After years in government service, he knew all too well the importance of speaking cautiously, especially to someone as formidable as the woman before him.
Bella was no ordinary person-she possessed both the bravery and the wisdom of a seasoned strategist. After all, she was the woman Christopher loved deeply.
"In that case, Deputy Chief Hopkins, we are kindred spirits. We should not be enemies. Instead, we should be allies, fighting side by side." Bella's eyes curved into a smile, serene yet unwavering.
"Ms. Thompson, I don't see any reason for us to fight together," Owen said, his gaze growing colder. "You are a powerful magnate, while I am a servant of the people. Our paths should not cross. Nevertheless, I am grateful that you saved my wife. I will repay this debt someday. If not in this life, then in the next."
Bella's brows furrowed tightly.
"I must return to care for my wife. I'll take my leave now. Feel free to stay as long as you wish." Owen's face remained impassive as he turned to leave. But before he could take a step, Bella's cold voice cut through the air.
"You claim to be a servant of the people, Deputy Chief Hopkins, but why do your actions betray that claim?"
Owen paused but did not turn around.
"I know the person behind you is Christopher Iverson," Bella said, her gaze as cold as ice, her hair whipping wildly in the wind.
Owen's pupils contracted sharply. "Ms. Thompson, I have no idea what you're talking about."
"I'm not here to threaten you. Your rights and wrongs are not for me to judge, but for the people and the law," Bella said, not afraid of alerting the enemy. She laid her cards on the table, speaking openly. "I'm here to tell you that allying with Christopher is digging your own grave. You're playing with fire. Even if you're willing to risk your own life, what about your wife?
"Everything you've done is for her. But her safety doesn't that matter to you? Christopher is ruthless. He's killed and betrayed his own flesh and blood. To him, you're nothing more than a disposable pawn. Once you've outlived your usefulness, he won't hesitate to silence you. His promises mean nothing. Your family, too, won't be spared.
"The Thompson family has a long history with the Iversons and I've crossed paths with him countless times. Who knows his schemes better than I do?"
Despite her earnest warnings, Owen remained unmoved. To Bella, it seemed he was even more consumed by illness than his wife. He was completely under Christopher's control, thoroughly brainwashed.
As Owen reached the door, Bella's sharp voice rang out again.
"Everything you've done has been for the development of that new drug, hoping it would cure your wife's illness. But have you ever considered that this so-called new drug is nothing but a scam? The drug cannot be developed! If it were possible, why has Larson Group, with government backing, failed after years of research? Are they lacking data? Are they lacking samples? This project was a fantasy from the start-at least for now!"
Though Owen did not turn around, his rigid posture betrayed his inner turmoil.
Bella's eyes darkened as she revealed her final card. She pulled a prepared drug analysis report from her suit pocket and unfurled it before him.
"This is the lab report on that so-called new drug. It has no definitive or effective treatment for Alzheimer's. At best, it's a sedative with strong addictive properties. Do you think Larson Group couldn't develop something like this? If this were something that could be done overnight, it would have been on the market long ago. Christopher has been using you to clear obstacles, but even if the drug were eventually developed, would your wife live long enough to benefit from it?"
"Ms. Thompson, are you cursing my wife?" Owen's voice was hoarse, laced with a murderous edge.
"I'm trying to make you see Christopher for who he really is to see the truth!" Bella's voice was also hoarse, but her eyes burned with intensity. "If you were deceived by Christopher in the past, I could understand. But now that I've told you the truth, if you continue to side with that devil, you'll only be lying to yourself!"
She knew that grand, righteous speeches about serving the people would no longer have any effect.
###chapter2050
Chapter 2050
Bella knew that the only way to reach Owen was by appealing to his own interests. She approached him, step by step, and slipped the report into his suit pocket before walking away without looking back.
In the biting cold wind, Owen's hands trembled as he pulled out the piece of paper. After reading it, he slowly tore it to shreds, letting the pieces scatter in the wind.
Suddenly, his phone vibrated. He brought it to his ear.
"Taylor."
"Deputy Chief Hopkins, Mr. Iverson has ordered that the operation proceed tonight."
Owen took a deep breath, his eyes clouded. "Understood."
At 7:00 p.m., Watson Jenkins, accompanied by Sasha and Lane, dragged his ailing body to the KS World Hotel for a press conference.
With unwavering resolve, Watson revealed everything-how the members of the Southern Star Syndicate had been controlled and tormented by the drugs. He warned everyone to stay away from these horrific substances, as they were life-threatening.
"I am willing to fully cooperate with the police investigation," Watson declared. "I support a thorough search of the Southern Star Syndicate. Anyone found hoarding these drugs will be severely punished. As Chairman of the Southern Star Syndicate, I cannot escape responsibility. I am prepared to accept all consequences and face legal judgment."
As he finished speaking, Watson, supported by Lane, shakily rose to his feet. Facing the cameras, he bowed deeply.
The flash of cameras lit up the room like daylight. Whether they were present in the room or watching the livestream online, everyone was profoundly moved.
The public outcry reached a fever pitch after the Southern Star Syndicate's press conference.
The entire internet was abuzz, denouncing the mastermind behind this horrifying human experiment and demanding a thorough investigation.
The public insisted that the authorities could not stand by and whitewash the situation for the sake of maintaining peace.
While the storm raged outside, Aaron was drowning himself in alcohol and pleasure within the comforts arranged by Christopher, numbing himself with the last revelries before the inevitable downfall.
In the presidential suite, Aaron drank glass after glass of alcohol, fed to him by the women around him. He grew increasingly intoxicated, his mind slipping into a haze. At some point, perhaps egged on by someone, he found himself on top of a girl, injecting her with a syringe.
He could not remember much of what happened next.
In the early hours of the morning, Aaron awoke with a splitting headache. He found himself lying naked in bed, with an equally naked woman beside him.
Initially, he thought nothing of it. Over the years, as he accompanied his father on business dealings, people would occasionally try to curry favor by sending beautiful women to his bed, and he had never
refused.
So, Aaron nudged the woman with his foot, rubbing his throbbing temples.
"Hey... Wake up. If you want to sleep, go sleep somewhere else!"
But the woman did not move. Frowning, Aaron reached out to shake her awake. The moment his hand touched her skin, his expression froze.
Her body was cold-ice cold!
Panic surged through him as he quickly turned on the bedside lamp to check her condition.
Despite abandoning his medical career for business, Aaron came from a family of doctors and still retained some basic medical knowledge.
Two minutes later, he let out a terrified scream, leaping from the bed despite being stark naked, and curled up in a corner of the room.
The woman lying on the bed had purple marks on her skin-livor mortis! She was dead!
###chapter2051
Chapter 2051
Aaron was terrified, his whole body trembling. He quickly covered the girl's corpse with a blanket. As he sat shivering at the foot of the bed and contemplating whether to call the police, there was a knock at the door.
It was 4:00 a.m. Could it be room service? Impossible!
Aaron nervously approached the entrance, his voice trembling uncontrollably. "Wh-Who's there?!"
"Mr. Larson," came a calm, steady voice from outside. "I'm here on Mr. Iverson's orders to help you take care of your inconvenience."
Aaron tried to maintain his composure. "I... I don't know what you're talking about!"
"The girl that you were with last night-she should still be in your room, yes? How is she doing now?"
A warning bell went off in Aaron's mind, and he immediately opened the door.
Standing outside was a man dressed in all-black, covered from head to toe, leaving only his eyes exposed, which were as sharp and cold as an eagle's.
"How... How do you know?" Aaron was shocked, his face drained of color.
Without saying a word, the man lifted his phone and played a video in front of Aaron.
The video showed the entire incident from the previous night-Aaron violently assaulting the girl, then injecting her with drugs.
Everything was clearly captured by a hidden camera in the room. The video continued, showing him falling into a deep sleep after he was done. While he slept, the girl began convulsing, foaming at the mouth, and eventually becoming completely still as her body grew stiff.
Aaron's face turned as pale as a ghost, cold sweat soaking his back. He yanked the man into the room and locked the door.
"There was a hidden camera in the room?! Was it you? Was it Christopher?!"
Aaron grabbed the man's collar, gritting his teeth in anger, but his earlier indulgences had left him weak, his voice and strength both lacking.
The man squinted, his eyes full of dark amusement. "Should I commend you for being smart, or is the answer to your question just too obvious?"
"Christopher...! That bastard! He dared to set me up!"
Aaron's eyes turned red with fury as he swung a punch at the man's face.
But in an instant, the man easily caught his wrist and flipped him over his shoulder, slamming him onto the sofa. Pain shot through Aaron's tailbone, stars dancing in his vision.
"Mr. Larson, this isn't the time for useless rage." The man dusted his hands off, letting out a cold laugh." You should be thinking about what would happen if this video ended up in the hands of the police."
Aaron's heart pounded in his throat, his legs going weak. "What... What do you want?"
"Don't worry. I'm here to clean up this mess for you." The man walked into the bedroom and pulled a black nylon bag from his backpack. He placed the woman's body inside, zipped it up, and tied it securely. Then, with practiced efficiency, he meticulously erased all traces of the incident.
Aaron watched in stunned silence, his mouth agape. The man's calm and methodical way of handling the
corpse made it seem as if it were a routine task, like eating a meal.
"Who... Who are you?" Aaron asked, his voice shaking with fear.
"The body has been taken care of." The man did not answer, his tone cold and detached as he dragged the bodybag toward the door. "Also, Mr. Iverson asked me to deliver a message. He says that since you've chosen to board his ship, you should understand that your fates are tied. If you ever speak out of turn, Mr. Iverson won't cover for your little accident tonight."
Aaron could only watch helplessly as the man left the room, his soul leaving his body in fear.
Before dawn, a black car pulled into Pivotage.
As soon as the man stepped out of the vehicle, two of Taylor's men approached and loaded the body into their car.
Once back in his car, the man removed his mask, revealing Owen's pale, grief-stricken face, etched with exhaustion and sorrow.
After a long while, he finally picked up his phone and dialed Christopher's number.
When the call connected, he spoke respectfully, "Mr. Iverson, I've taken care of the matter as you requested."
"Taylor already informed me. You've done well."
###chapter2052
Chapter 2052
Christopher chuckled. "Tomorrow, a sum of money will be transferred to your overseas account. Please check it."
"Mr. Iverson, I don't work for you because of money..."
"I know," Christopher cut in, his tone unyielding. "But I will not shortchange anyone who works for me. This is what you deserve."
Despite his seemingly generous words, there was an unmistakable arrogance in his voice. "Besides, your wife's medical bills each year aren't cheap, right? I'd wager your savings aren't enough."
"Then... Thank you." Owen hesitated before asking the question that had been gnawing at him. "Mr. Iverson, several people have experienced rejection reactions recently-some even died. This suggests the new drug is still highly unstable. Will it really be successful?"
There was a long silence on the other end.
Though Owen had weathered countless storms, he could not help but feel a twinge of anxiety.
"Deputy Chief Hopkins," Christopher finally spoke, his tone still light, almost casual. "Have you met with anyone recently?"
Owen's heart skipped a beat, but he forced himself to lie. "No. I've just been worried about my wife's deteriorating condition."
His voice remained steady, revealing nothing to Christopher.
"A few problematic test samples don't prove anything," Christopher reassured him gently. "No experiment is without setbacks. We must trust the process. The experiment will be successful."
After Watson's press conference, the police took him into custody. However, considering his health, all interrogations were conducted in the hospital. Meanwhile, the higher-ups at Southern Star Syndicate, who had been profiting from the sale of illegal drugs, including Jordan, were all arrested, and their stashes of drugs were confiscated.
At the same time, under public pressure, the authorities formed a special task force led by Ralph to launch a vigorous anti-drug campaign across Savrow.
A month passed in a blur. No new deaths from drug use were reported in Savrow, and the situation seemed to have stabilized for the moment.
That evening, Bella was in her study, lying on the sofa, reviewing the mountain of financial documents that had piled up. As she read, she unknowingly drifted off to sleep.
Half-asleep, she felt a warm sensation enveloping her body. Her lips tingled with a soft, sweet touch, the sensation wrapping around her tongue, making her feel cozy and intoxicated.
"Mm..."
Bella woke up under the tender assault, her eyes glazed with a dreamy sheen. She raised her slender arms to wrap around the man's neck, passionately responding to his kiss.
Justin's eyes burned with desire as his large hands caressed her, rumpling her thin silk robe. The straps trembled as they slid down her shoulders, inching lower and lower.
"Mm... Stop it," Bella murmured, pulling away from his moist lips, her body now completely bare beneath
him, her cheeks flushing with embarrassment.
Justin's strong chest pressed against hers, his voice thick and hoarse. "Bella, with you being this eager, how can I resist?"
"We're an old married couple now. How was I supposed to know you'd still react like this...?" Bella's words trailed off, but her hand, delicate as jade, was far from innocent as it traced down his chest, her fingers hooking onto his belt.
"Dessert can wait till later," Justin growled, swallowing hard as he suppressed his urges.
Gently, he lifted the petite woman off the sofa, holding her close. "Let's go downstairs and eat the dinner I made first."
"You've already made it? You're getting quicker." Bella smiled, slipping back into her robe before giving his lips a playful peck.
"Dinner needs to be made quickly, but dessert should be savored slowly," Justin replied, returning her kiss with a deep chuckle rumbling in his throat.
Bella playfully pushed him away, about to say something, when her phone rang.
Justin picked it up from the coffee table and handed it to her. "It's Ralph."
"Oh?" Bella quickly answered, "Ralph, what's going on?"
"Bella, big news!" Ralph, usually so composed, practically shouted into the phone, his voice pitched high with excitement. "Aaron has been formally arrested for stockpiling large quantities of that illegal drug!"
###chapter2053
Bella and Justin exchanged shocked glances. Although they had always believed that Aaron's arrogant and self-important nature would eventually lead to his downfall, they had not expected it to happen so soon.
"Ralph, was it your people who were tracking Aaron that led to his capture?" Bella asked curiously.
"No, we received an anonymous tip that led us to Aaron's warehouse, where the illegal drugs were hidden. And that's not all-we also found two bodies of the Southern Star Syndicate members on one of Larson Group's ships near the warehouse dock!"
The couple's eyes widened in shock.
"The bodies had been frozen, so they were well preserved and hadn't decomposed. It seems the plan was to use the cargo ship to smuggle them out of the country for disposal. After all, Savrow is crawling with our police surveillance and cameras. Disposing of two bodies wouldn't have been easy," Ralph's voice darkened. "We conducted autopsies on the bodies immediately. As expected, both deaths were caused by drug poisoning."
Justin's brows furrowed, his gaze turning deep and thoughtful. "Ralph, you've been monitoring Aaron for over a month without him making any suspicious moves, but someone anonymously provides you with crucial information about his drug stash."
Bella, picking up on his thoughts, quickly added, “And not only that, but you also found bodies on a Larson Group's ship nearby. It's all too convenient, isn't it? It feels like someone's orchestrating this."
"Bella, it does seem coincidental, but one thing is indisputable." Ralph took a deep breath, his voice heavy with seriousness. "Larson Group is currently the largest supplier of illegal drugs that we've uncovered in Savrow. Not only have we raided their hideouts, but the warehouse employees and Aaron's personal secretary have also confessed to their involvement in the illegal drug trade. However, they all deny having killed anyone or hidden bodies, and they claim they have no idea where the two corpses came from. We're still investigating this."
"Ralph, are you alright?" Bella couldn't help but notice the strain in Ralph's voice.
After all, the Larson family was Aunt Mila's family by birth. Even though Aunt Mila had severed ties with them after marrying into the Thompson family, the outside world still saw blood as thicker than water. The connection was undeniable.
Moreover, Alvin was Ralph's uncle, and Aaron was his cousin. This complicated relationship was not beneficial for Ralph, who was leading the investigation into the illegal drug case. He might even be forced to step down from the special task force because of it.
"Bella, I know what you're worried about, but I'll be fine." Ralph sighed, his voice tinged with resignation.
"I'm just concerned about my
mother. Don't be fooled by her indifferent exterior or how she seems to have cut all ties with her family. Deep down, she doesn't want to see the Larson family fall into such disgrace. Even though she left the Larson family, she still hopes they'll be alright." 
"Yes, Aunt Mila is very kind. After all, the Larson family is where she was born and raised, and she was once the most cherished daughter of Old Master Larson." Bella's voice wavered with emotion, her eyes stinging with unshed tears.
"Some media outlets have already caught wind of the Larson family's situation. By tomorrow morning, the news will be everywhere. Even if
they don't break the story, our police
department will release an office
statement within the next couple of days. The higher-ups are very concerned about the illegal drug issue, and Aaron has basically walked right into our trap." 
Ralph's tone shifted, becoming firm and resolute The evidence is overwhelming. Aaron has been involved in the large-scale linth
distribution of illegal drugs, whiomet
has led to multiple deaths. Even if those two bodies have nothing to do with him, he can't escape
responsibility. He'll be facing a long
prison sentence, if not worse."
“Aaron's downfall will certainly prompt a response from Old Master Larson and Alvin. They'll do everything they can to protect him.” Bella squeezed Justin's hand, worry gleaming in her eyes.
“Justin, stay in Savrow and keep an eye on things. I need to go home tonight and be with Aunt Mila during this time."
Justin intertwined their fingers, giving a slight nod. "Alright, but if anything happens, call me immediately, no matter what time it is."
###chapter2054
After Aaron's arrest, the Larson family was thrown into unprecedented chaos.
Old Master Larson was so enraged that he fainted on the spot and had to be rushed to the hospital.
The police immediately brought Alvin in for questioning. He was kept at the station for so long that his hair started turning white before he was finally allowed to leave. However, they also imposed a travel ban on him, forbidding him from leaving Savrow until the case was resolved.
As Alvin was about to get into his car, shielded by his secretary and bodyguards, a rotten egg suddenly came flying from nowhere, smashing against his head.
"You're using live humans for experiments! You're insane, morally bankrupt!"
"You've killed so many innocent people just to develop your drugs! Have you no conscience?!"
"From now on, I'll never buy anything from Larson Group again! Boycott the Larson Group!"
Alvin's face turned beet red with anger as he covered his head and scrambled into the car, which sped off in a cloud of dust. The stench of rotten eggs filled the car, so overpowering that even the driver was on the verge of throwing up.
"Chairman Larson, should we head home to clean up and change clothes before going to the hospital to see Old Master Larson?" The secretary asked timidly.
Alvin finally dropped his usual facade of civility and respectability. In a fit of rage, he slapped the secretary across the face, venting his humiliation from the egg incident.
"Are you out of your mind?! At a time like this, you're worried about changing clothes?! We need to go see the old man at the hospital first!" Then he demanded, "Did the lawyer meet with Aaron? What did he say?!"
The secretary, blood trickling from his mouth, stammered, "Our lawyer said that the young master has confessed to hiding illegal drugs and selling large quantities to gangs like Southern Star. He's admitted to everything!"
Alvin's mind buzzed with shock as he roared, "Why didn't he expose the drug supplier behind this? Has he lost his mind?!"
"That's the strange part!” The
secretary was equally baffled. "The
young master isn't the type to take all the blame like this! Given the severity of the situation, he should be trying to shift responsibility. If he shoulders this alone, he could be looking at ten years or more in prison! 
"Even though the young master didn't personally kill anyone and the drugs he sold weren't narcotics, our lawyer says that the public panic caused by the human experiment scandal, coupled with the deaths, makes this akin to manslaughter! Even if we hire the best defense lawyers in the world, the young master will likely spend the rest of his life..." 
“Shut your damn mouth!" Alvin slapped the secretary again.
Despite his anger, a dark, guilty relief crept into Alvin's mind. Aaron had conducted this business in secret with his father's tacit approval and support. If his son cracked under pressure and implicated him, the entire Larson family would be doomed. 
But as long as Aaron did not break, the family's downfall would not be inevitable. There was still hope for a turnaround.
---
Alvin arrived at the hospital and quickly freshened up in the restroom before hurrying to the VIP ward to see Old Master Austin Larson.
"Dad, I'm here..." Alvin began as he entered the room, only to freeze in his tracks, stunned.
There, sitting beside the bed, was Mila, gently feeding Austin some porridge.
###chapter2055
Chapter 2055
"Mila?! What are you doing here?" Alvin's heart sank, and his expression changed instantly.
Despite their past conflicts, including Mila slapping him in a moment of anger, he found himself stirred by a deep, primal attraction. His gaze fixated on her refined, elegant face.
"You must be swamped with everything going on and haven't had time to attend to Dad," Mila said, placing the bowl down and gently wiping Austin's mouth without even glancing at
Alvin.
"Even though I'm married now and you've been so unwelcoming, I'm still a heiress of the Larson family. It would be inhumane not to return at a time like this."
Alvin furrowed his brows, filled with suspicion.
"Mila... Thank you for coming to see me..." Austin's eyes were misty with tears as he clutched his daughter's hand tightly, as if passing on an important responsibility. "I've been too harsh on you in the past. I let stubbornness create misunderstandings between us for so many years..."
"I've long forgiven you, Dad," Mila replied with a gentle smile, softly reassuring him. “ Blood is thicker than water. You will always be my father, and we will always be a family." To Alvin, her words were like a stab in the heart. In the end, Mila was the only blood relative Austin had. At such a critical moment, their reconciliation made him seem like an outsider.
Austin's voice was warm but tired. "Mila, you've had a long day. You should go home and rest. I need to speak with your brother."
Mila obediently stood up. As she passed Alvin, she cast a cold, piercing glance at him that was both startling and ominous.
Once the door closed, the previous warmth dissipated, leaving only tension in the room. "What do you plan to do about Aaron?" Austin asked, his voice trembling.
Alvin gritted his teeth and responded gravely, "Dad, with Aaron now in custody and all evidence against him, there's no turning back. We need to immediately sever ties with Aaron! We must deny any involvement with illegal drugs!"
Austin was horrified. "What... What are you saying?! You're going to completely abandon Aaron?! He's your son!"
"He's my son, but his actions have severely harmed the Larson family's interests. He's a ticking time bomb! If we don't cut him off decisively, the entire Larson family will be dragged down with him!" Alvin's tone was cold and unyielding, as if his son were merely a disposable pawn.
Austin stared at Alvin, his shock and disbelief evident. This son, whom he had painstakingly nurtured for 40 years, now seemed like a stranger.
"Alvin.... I need you to answer me honestly if you still consider me your father. Did you know about Aaron's drug activities? Were you involved?"
Alvin's expression remained unchanged, and without a moment's hesitation, he said, "No, Aaron acted out of greed and made his own mistakes. I knew nothing about these illicit activities."
"You're still lying to me at a time like this!" Austin, with his last ounce of strength, grabbed a cup from the bedside table and hurled it at Alvin. He didn't dodge in time, and the cup tipped over, spilling milk all over his suit.
Alvin was on the verge of losing his composure. Enraged, Alvin's face flushed crimson." Dad! What are you doing?!"
"Over the past six months, Aaron has been transferring money into your account every month, and this money soon appears in the company's accounts. Aaron only recently got involved in the business. How could he know about the drug storage warehouse? Isn't it because you secretly instructed him?"
Seeing that the truth was coming to light, Alvin stopped pretending and let out a cold, sinister laugh.
###chapter2056
Chapter 2056
"Heh... Even if I did know about it, so what?"
"Alvin! Do you even know what you're doing? You're trafficking drugs! You are pushing the Larson family off a cliff!" Austin's eyes were alight with anger. His entire body trembled.
"Wrong! I did this to save the Larson family!" Alvin stood tall and proud, without a trace of regret or guilt in his eyes.
"Do you think the group's current operations are good? Our medicine sales have declined year after year, losing billions each time. I only showed you what I wanted you to see! That Alzheimer's drug research ran out of money long ago. If Aaron hadn't come up with this idea to recuperate some funds, our group's cash flow would have been in the red half a year ago! So in a way, you should be thanking me. Without me, the Larson family name would not have survived until today!"
"You animal... Speaking such nonsense... Are you even human?!" Austin clutched his chest, shouting in anger. "Even if the Larson family went bankrupt and ended up begging on the streets, we would never stoop that low and do something so unconscionable!"
"Hypocrite," Alvin sneered.
Austin pounded the bed in fury. "You animal! Unfilial son! Was it not enough for you to ruin the Larson family? You have ruined your own son as well! Aaron was such a good child, yet you corrupted him! Arnold even severed ties with you. Alvin, you have disappointed me greatly! You are not fit to be the heir of the Larson family!"
"If I am not fit, then who is? Arnold, who is involved with the eldest son of the Thompson family, or Mila, who became Wyatt's mistress and disgraced our family?"
Alvin glanced coldly at the dying old man, not bothering to argue further. He turned and left. "Father, you have no other choice. The heir to the Larson family can only be me!"
Back at the Larson residence, Alvin showered, put on a bathrobe, and collapsed onto the sofa. He poured himself a glass of whiskey.
After having to pretend to be a filial son for decades, finally tearing off the facade with Austin brought him an unprecedented sense of relief.
Alvin called out to his secretary.
"Tomorrow, release an official statement through the Larson Group's social media. Announce that everything was Aaron's personal actions and that it has no ties with the Larson family. We are a pharmaceutical group. If we become linked to human experimentation, we will be ruined!"
The secretary felt a chill run through his body. Alvin was ruthless. In the name of the
family's best interest, he would even willingly abandon his son.
"Also, erase all transfer records from this period. Don't allow the police to trace Aaron's actions back to me." To ensure the secretary understood the severity of the situation, Alvin spoke again with a sinister tone. "If any mistakes are made, I won't go down alone. I will drag you down with the Larson family."
The secretary nodded hurriedly.
"Did you get the surveillance footage from the hospital?" Alvin asked.
"Yes, here." The secretary handed him a USB drive.
Alvin plugged it into the computer and played the video.
The conversation between Mila and Austin could be heard clearly.
--"Dad, you must stop Alvin's actions immediately, or the entire Larson family will be doomed!"
"I was foolish. Why did I not see through that boy's ambition sooner! It's too late to regret it now... He has grown too powerful, and the Larson family cannot survive without him."
--"Dad, if you need an heir, no one is more suitable than Arnold! He is highly skilled in medicine and has influence in Meridan. He will be able to manage the hospital well. As for business, Asher has plenty of experience. Arnold can learn from Asher and will definitely become a great asset in time!"
- "Mila, I want to change my will. I want to appoint you as the next heir of the Larson family!"
###chapter2057
Chapter 2057
Alvin's face paled instantly. His hand trembled with rage. He slammed the computer shut, his face flushed with anger.
The secretary was at a loss. "Chairman Larson, what should we do now?"
"I see now. The old man never truly considered me his son! Even after all these years of service, he only ever saw me as a tool. He only cares about Mila!" Alvin smashed the computer onto the floor in a fit of rage. All his affections for Mila vanished in an instant, insignificant in the face of profit.
Alvin was vibrating with fury, and he yelled out in frustration. "Dad, you've forced my hand at this point."
That evening, Bella hurried back to Yara Park. She went straight to see Mila, who had just finished treating Wyatt and was coming out of the room.
"Aunt Mila, did you visit Old Master Larson? How is he?" Bella pulled her aside, worried.
"He's not doing well," Mila replied, holding Bella's hand. Her eyes were red-rimmed." Bella, there's something I just told Wyatt. Now that you're here, I need to tell you too. The Larson family is in a critical situation. I might have to go back to help my father manage the Larson Group."
"Aunt Mila, have you and your father finally reconciled?" Bella's eyes widened in surprise. "Yes. I'm quite undeserving of it, right?" Mila smiled bitterly.
"Not at all! I'm so glad you reconciled with your family!" Bella said with relief. "I was afraid you'd be trapped in past grudges. It's wonderful that you can all move on. Both Wyatt and I fully support you! The Thompson family will always be your home, and we will always be here for support. Do whatever you want with confidence. Even if Wyatt doesn't support you, Justin, Arnold, and I will always stand by you!"
"Bella, thank you." Mila hugged Bella as tears rolled down her cheeks.
"By the way, Aunt Mila, what position will you take when you return to the Larson Group?" Bella asked curiously. "Isn't Alvin the current chairman? Will you be replacing Aaron? Surely, if a Thompson family member becomes involved, it can only be at the highest level. You shouldn't accept being a mere high-ranking employee. Make sure to discuss this thoroughly with your father."
Mila pursed her lips, her gaze firm. "My father wants me to take full control of the Larson Group. He wants me to replace Alvin as the heir to the Larson family."
Bella was shocked into silence. While she knew that Austin loved his daughter, that old man was not as progressive as Wyatt.
Austin would not simply dismiss Alvin unless absolutely necessary. Not unless Alvin had been involved in something intolerable.
"When I was younger, I was eager to manage the business. Now, I just want to take care of Wyatt and live peacefully with the children. I recommended Arnold to my father, but he lacks management skills. During these tough times, I have to help the Larson family survive."
"Has Old Master Larson already informed Alvin about this?"
Mila shook her head. "When I visited my father this afternoon, Alvin came by. My father pulled him aside to talk. I'm not sure if they discussed this matter."
"Aunt Mila, I have a bad feeling about this! We need to send more people to the hospital to protect your father!" Bella said with determination. She had a plan to capture them all at once.
Mila froze for a moment. As she realized the gravity of the situation, cold sweat formed on her forehead. "We must be discreet and not alert anyone. Everything must be done in secret!" Bella said, her eyes dark and calculating.
###chapter2058
Chapter 2058
The public was in an uproar when Aaron was arrested. The Larson Group became the target of widespread criticism. Although there was no concrete evidence linking the pharmaceutical company's human experiments to Larson Biotech, suspicion alone was enough to tarnish their reputation.
"Mr. Iverson, you are truly impressive! A master strategist!" Taylor praised Christopher as he read the online comments. "Aaron has become our scapegoat. Public opinion is now overwhelmingly attacking Larson Group, condemning them as the main culprits behind the human experiments! Mr. Iverson, everything is under your control!"
Christopher swung his golf club, unbothered, easily achieving a hole-in-one. "Those who work for me must be completely under my control. I will not use those who are not. I promised the Boss that things in Savrow would be handled cleanly, and I always keep my word."
Taylor looked smug. "Now that Aaron is in a tight spot, if he dares to mention your name to the police, if he utters even a single word, the video of him drugging and killing a woman will spread throughout Savrow. Drug trafficking might only get him a ten-year sentence with a good lawyer, but killing someone, even accidentally, in addition to disposing of the body, would likely result in the death penalty or life imprisonment. As long as we have this video evidence, he will have no choice but to take this secret to his grave."
"You're right. He should take the secret to his grave," Christopher said calmly, swinging his club again. Taylor was startled. "You mean..."
Christopher smiled slightly. "Find a suitable opportunity to get rid of him."
"Mr. Iverson, it's a sensitive time now. Why take this unnecessary risk? With the leverage we have, Aaron won't dare to speak out. You can rest easy," Taylor took the golf club that was handed to him.
"Firstly, I trust no one but the dead." Christopher walked to the sofa, swirling a glass of red wine. " Secondly, if Aaron is found dead at this critical time, what do you think the public will believe?"
Taylor's eyes widened. "They will think that he couldn't bear the pressure and committed suicide out of guilt."
"I mentioned before that I like to extract all possible value from something. Aaron's final value lies in this." Christopher sipped on his wine, savoring the taste of his impending victory. "Handle it quickly and make it look believable."
"Yes, Mr. Iverson!"
"Any movements from Deputy Chief Hopkins recently?"
"I've had people watching him. Since helping Aaron dispose of the body, he's only been seen going to work and visiting his half-dead wife at the nursing home. He hasn't been anywhere or met with anyone else."
"Notify me immediately if anything changes."
"Mr. Iverson, if... And I'm just saying if... Deputy Chief Hopkins does something out of line, what will you do?"
"I'll do what needs to be done," Christopher said, glaring at him. "Don't ask obvious questions."
Taylor bowed repeatedly as he backed out of the room. In Christopher's eyes, everyone was an ant- insignificant. The only exception was Bella, who was like a bright moon in his dark world, unique and precious.
By the time Owen left the nursing home, it was late in the night.
He decided to stay with his wife in the hospital. Exhausted from a day of caregiving, he stepped out for a walk to clear his head. As he passed by a television in a storefront, he saw the news of Aaron's arrest and the drug footage. Several people walking by stopped to watch beside him.
Owen's eyes were tired, and he walked past expressionlessly, as if the news had nothing to do with him. He entered a quiet cafe, ordered the cheapest coffee, and sat in a corner, lost in thought. The latest diagnosis for his wife brought tears to his eyes and a deep ache in his heart.
"Darling..." Owen whispered, closing his eyes in pain. He pulled out a cigarette, placed it between his dry lips, and patted his empty pockets for a lighter.
Suddenly, there was a click.
A small orange flame appeared in front of him. Owen looked up, and his heart clenched. The man standing before him was tall and handsome, exuding both nobility and arrogance.
"Deputy Chief Hopkins, what a coincidence." Justin had on a barely perceptible smile. He lit the cigarette for Owen, who was still in a daze.
How many people in the country could claim the honor of Justin Salvador lighting their cigarette?
###chapter2059
Chapter 2059
"May I sit down?" Justin's voice was polite.
"Please do."
The man sat gracefully across from him, alone and unencumbered with bodyguards. Wordlessly, the atmosphere was charged with tension.
"Mr. Salvador, a man of your stature wouldn't normally come to a place like this for coffee," Owen said, taking a deep drag of his cigarette. "This isn't a coincidence. You've been following me."
"Not at all," Justin replied, his lips curling slightly. "My wife told me about what happened at the nursing home that day. She said if you're not at your office, you'd surely be here. After all, Deputy Chief Hopkins, you're as devoted to your wife as I am to mine. No matter how far the detour, we end up in the same place." His words were so layered that only a practiced person could decipher the conversation.
"Are you married to Ms. Thompson?" Owen asked, puffing on his cigarette.
"Not yet," Justin replied.
"Then calling her 'wife' is just a term of endearment. We're not the same kind of people. You wouldn't understand my situation."
Justin's jaw tightened, but he remained calm and composed. He spoke in a low voice. "Aaron Larson was suddenly arrested. Doesn't that strike you as odd?"
Owen's eyes remained indifferent. "The Savrow police are not incompetent. Justice has finally caught up with him. It's his fate."
Justin looked at him intently. "Who do you think will be next?"
The air grew thick with tension.
"How should I know?" Owen responded coolly, though his fingers trembled, causing ash to fall from his cigarette.
"Aaron had close dealings with Christopher. He helped distribute illegal drugs and amass his fortune. Even though Aaron was the president of Larson Biotech and held a significant position in Hatchbay, Christopher still sacrificed Aaron as a scapegoat. In Christopher's eyes, no one is trustworthy," Justin said, his sharp eyes narrowing. "When the job is done, the tools are discarded. Do you think Christopher sees you any differently?"
"If you have nothing else to say, I'll take my leave," Owen said, feeling the gravity of the situation.
He knew Savrow was full of Christopher's spies, and being seen with Justin would be hard to explain. Christopher was ruthless and suspicious, and he needed to stay alive to protect his wife. He was already tied to Christopher and could no longer turn back.
As Owen prepared to leave, Justin suddenly leaned forward, pressing a silver lighter into his palm. "You don't have a lighter, right? If you don't mind, use this."
Owen's eyes flickered with an inexplicable emotion. He clenched the lighter, lowered his head, and quickly left the cafe.
Justin remained seated, gazing at the bustling night scene, the man now completely gone from view.
Just then, he received a message from Bella.
[Wife: Did you see him?]
He smiled gently, his calloused fingers typing carefully on the screen.
[Justin: Yes, we talked.]
[Wife: Did it go badly? You have a high IQ, but you can be emotionally clueless.]
[Justin: Bella, if you couldn't sway him, what chance did I have?]
Justin paused, his eyes darkened.
[Justin: But I never intended to persuade him to betray Christopher.]
Bella was silent for a moment before bombarding him with five emoticons.
[Wife: You met up with him to get Christopher's attention, to make him suspicious of Owen and sow discord between them?]
[Wife: You're so wise.]
[Wife: You schemer!]
Bella seemed to channel her fourth brother, making the man laugh helplessly, his eyes full of affection. (Justin: Given the circumstances, we need to take risks. Toppling Christopher will increase our chances of success.]
At that moment, outside the cafe, a black car hidden in the shadows quietly retracted its camera from the window.
###chapter2060
Chapter 2060
At midnight, the VIP hospital ward corridor was deserted and eerily quiet.
After the nurse finished her rounds and checked on Austin, a man wearing a surgical mask and dressed as an orderly silently slipped into the room.
The room was silent, and Austin was already asleep.
The man quickly pulled out a prepared syringe and moved the needle toward the old man's frail arm.
"You... Who are you?" Austin suddenly awoke, his eyes wide open, staring intently at the man.
"I... I'm the new orderly, here to check on you," The man stammered, panicking as this was his first time doing something like this.
"Nonsense! My orderly was personally selected by my daughter. Where did you come from?" Alarm bells rang in Austin's mind. He reached across the bed to press the call button, but the man suddenly grabbed his throat tightly.
"Forgive me, Old Master Larson, but I have no choice!" The man's eyes were wild as he tightened his grip, causing Austin's face to turn purple. "I've served the Larson family for over a decade, and you've treated me well. The least I can do is let you die knowing the truth. Old Master Larson, remember this in your next life. Blood relations can still lead to betrayal, and those without blood ties are even less reliable!"
Hearing this, Austin was struck as if by lightning, his lips trembling uncontrollably.
"Don't blame me. Blame your good son. His heart is too cruel!"
Tears welled in the old man's eyes as they slowly closed.
Suddenly, the door burst open with a loud bang.
"Freeze! Hands up!"
Ralph's tall figure darted into the room. He held his gun steady and kept it trained directly at the man.
Startled, the man released his grip. Seeing no escape, he ran to the window and flung it open. He looked down and felt his head spin.
They were on the tenth floor!
Just then, Ralph delivered a swift, precise spinning kick that knocked the man to the ground.
Ralph moved quickly and pinned him down, twisting the man's arm behind his back to cuff him. "You're under arrest for attempted murder! You have the right to remain silent, but anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law."
Ralph yanked off the man's mask, revealing him as Alvin's trusted secretary.
"I... I'll confess... I'll confess everything!" The secretary, not being a professional killer and already under threat, broke down and cried out.
"Officer, if I turn into the state's witness, will I be able to get a lighter sentence? I wasn't the one who wanted to kill Old Master Larson! I was forced by Chairman Alvin Larson! He not only incited murder... He's also involved in Aaron Larson's illegal drug business. He provided the warehouse for storing the drugs. I have evidence! I can testify against him!"
Ralph's brows furrowed at this information, and he ordered his subordinates sternly, "Immediately locate and get an arrest warrant for Alvin Larson!"
Within an hour, the police managed to apprehend Alvin at the airport as he was preparing to flee to Meridan.
###chapter2061
Chapter 2061
The police were considerate enough to put clothes over Alvin Larson's cuffed hands to avoid a public commotion on the way out of the airport terminal.
However, many travelers gathered around in chatter and took photos to post on the internet.
In the police station interrogation room, Alvin, who was always presentable in public, banged the table with his cuffed hands and shouted, "Didn't Aaron confess to everything? I don't know anything about drugs. I'm not involved in any way! Why are you singling me out? Did someone send you? I bet someone is out to get my family business!"
Ralph narrowed his eyes dangerously at his supposed uncle and smirked ruthlessly.
"Mr. Larson, can you predict the future, or are you feeling the heat? I haven't said a word, and here you are, sure that we arrested you over drugs. Are you hiding something?"
Feeling intimidated, Alvin broke out in a cold sweat and got a grip on himself. He started to play the sympathy card.
"Captain Thompson... Ralph! Either way, I'm your uncle."
"There are only a police officer and a criminal."
Ralph kept a straight face. "Besides, you're just old Mr. Larson's adopted son, not his biological son. You're not related to him or my mother.
"Calling you uncle is pushing it."
Alvin felt his cheeks burn as if someone just slapped him in the face multiple times.
"We arrested you not just because you're suspected of concealing and selling drugs, but you also instructed your secretary to kill Austin Larson. The police caught him in the act."
Ralph's eyes were sharp. "We have evidence and testimonies to back the charges up. To save his ass, your secretary even kept a recording of your instruction to commit murder. The multiple charges, including the attempted murder, should keep you behind bars for the rest of your life."
"H-Hang on! What did you say?" Alvin's widened eyes were bloodshot.
"Attempted murder."
Ralph, known to keep a steely expression in the interrogation room, curled his lips faintly. "My men and I rushed to the scene in time to save Austin. He's in the hospital now, but he's going to make it."
Alvin sank into his seat dejected before laughing out loud.
"That useless piece of shit can't even get anything right."
Ralph furrowed his brows. "Are you admitting to your crimes?"
"Don't you have proof? I'm not getting out of here even if I maintain my innocence."
"Why did you do it?"
"My heartless father has never seen me as a son. I'm just a tool for him to secure his family's glory.
"Why should I respond to his ruthlessness with kindness? I have kept up the act for thirty-odd years, and I have enough!"
Alvin stripped away his pretense. "So what if you file those charges on me? The old fart isn't dead, and I
didn't commit the act. I told you about the drugs. I played no part in it. It's all on Aaron."
The door to the interrogation room swung open, and a police officer rushed inside and whispered something in Ralph's ear.
Ralph made a face and fell silent for a moment before uttering, "An hour ago, your son, Aaron, fled his arrest and jumped off the building to his death."
Alvin's mind went blank.
The information hit him like a ton of bricks.
###chapter2062
Chapter 2062
The news about Aaron jumping off the building shocked the community of Savrow.
Upon learning the news, Bella rushed to Savrow with Mila. Justin made sure to tag along too. Given the delicacy of the situation, they feared for Mila's safety.
"I heard from Ralph that the police found a handwritten note of Aaron's last words in his upper pocket after he jumped to his death. The note depicted his regret for everything he did and for disappointing his grandfather and father."
In Bella's villa, Justin made a couple of drinks to hand to Mila and his wife.
"This came too suddenly. I can't believe it."
Mila, typically collected, was undone by the onslaught of heartbreaking news that arrived that night. "I witnessed Aaron's growth. He had always been the competitive type. He was raised to take over the family business and grew up in a privileged environment. This is the worst thing that could happen to him. I guess Aaron just couldn't see a way out of it and chose to end everything."
Mila was choked with sobs.
Aaron and Arnold, blood-related or not, had lived with Mila for years and once looked up to her as an aunt. However, Bella sensed something amiss. She lifted her chin composedly and met Justin's gaze. "Surely, the police will be verifying the handwriting. The suicide note might not come from him." "I have the same thought, but the police are sure of one thing, and it's that Aaron took his own life." Justin's eyes were unreadable. "The police grilled Aaron tonight, and he must be sweating bullets.
"Aaron asked for a bathroom break and jumped off the window in the corridor. It happened too quickly, and the officer tasked with watching him couldn't respond in time. The officer is now suspended."
Mila covered her mouth in distress while Bella pulled a grim look.
Justin put his arm around Bella's waist, his hand caressing her belly. "Something doesn't add up. Don't you think so?"
"Yeah."
Bella took a deep breath and gripped Justin's warm hand. "The people now believe that Aaron died out of guilt and that Larson Biotech has the practice of testing drugs on people. The public will turn the heat up on Larson Group. Dead man tells no tales. Doesn't this erase all problems for that person, Justin?"
"Justin will be served. That person won't and can't run away."
Justin had a sudden sinking feeling. "But this will put one person in danger. This person knows more than Aaron."
Ralph's call came in.
"Bella, Justin, Alvin gave his statement to the police, but his confession doesn't match up with Aaron's. He said that the Larsons are being manipulated to take the fall. Someone gave Aaron the drugs and deceived him. Alvin claims to know his son better than anyone else. Apparently, Aaron doesn't have the resources or guts to pull off this sort of thing. I have my doubts. Why would Aaron do such a thing? Even Alvin doesn't have the brains or a reason to test drugs on humans."
Mila shook her head in confusion. My family business is backed by the government, and no other pharmaceutical company in the country can compete with us. Why take such a huge risk to speed up the
drug development?"
Bella and Justin exchanged glances, reading each other's thoughts.
It was clear to them that Aaron did not kill himself out of guilt.
It was murder.
The perpetrator must have something on Aaron to drive him over the edge.
Tonight, business was quieter than usual at Pivotage.
However, Christopher, the owner behind the scenes, was not worried about business.
His heart was not in Pivotage's sales numbers anyway. The purpose of the establishment was to build a network in Savrow to pave the way for his chief. His chief's success would make the end of Pivotage.
"Has Yvonne been behaving?" Christopher stood on the balcony and observed the parrot, his voice husky.
"She has. I made sure to keep an eye on her. She's not seeing any customers now. She's either strolling in Pivotage or in her room. I installed a listening bug on her phone. She hasn't been in touch with anyone. Don't worry. I got everything covered." Taylor spoke up for Yvonne.
"At least she's behaving." Christopher narrowed his eyes grimacingly while teasing the caged bird. "But some people aren't."
###chapter2063
Chapter 2063
Feeling chills down his spine, Taylor said nothing.
"I told you to keep tabs on Owen because I believed he must be in touch with someone." Christopher smiled brutally. "Ha. What did I say again? We can only trust dead men."
"You're awful, Mr. Iverson." Taylor looked surprised and impressed. "But what made you suspect Owen?"
"He checked the drug development with me out of the blue. I thought it was weird. He would never ask questions before."
Christopher turned around and strolled to the desk before pulling out a photo from the pile, his icy gaze falling on the photo.
The photo showed Justin and Owen meeting in a cafe. Justin handed a lighter to Owen.
Christopher, his eyes red-rimmed, crumpled the photo in his grasp.
"Are you planning to..." Taylor probed cautiously, "With all due respect, Owen is useful to you. He did all the dirty work, but the police didn't catch on to him even once. Though he isn't in a high position in Savrow, he has the power to disrupt the police's investigation and take care of your problems.
"Even if Justin met with him, we don't know the nature of their conversation. For all we know, Justin could be leading us to believe Owen has betrayed you. I doubt Owen has the guts to betray you. We have dirt on his little killing spree, and the life of his wife is in our hands. I bet he won't do anything hasty."
"I don't need him anymore." Christopher's voice was flat.
"W-What did you say?"
"I got a call from the Boss last night."
Christopher curled his pale lips, his eyes sparkling with joy. "He told me that we made good progress with the drug experiment in Meridan. We can stop the experiment in Savrow. Since the experiment is suspended, I don't need Owen to clean up behind me. I have not intended to keep him around right from the start."
Taylor's breath hitched as terror struck him.
"He knows too many of our secrets. His past contributions and loyalty don't change the fact that I can't let him live."
Christopher paused and gave Taylor a strangely friendly look. "But you're an exception, Taylor. You're my subordinate and my family. I couldn't have gotten where I am today if it wasn't for the Boss and you. Once things calm down, I'll have a seat for you on the board of directors and shareholders of the Iverson Group. I'll make it worth your while after all you have done for me."
Though his lips quivered, Taylor forced a grateful smile.
"Rest assured, Mr. Iverson. I swear that I will never betray you."
The Larson Group fell into turmoil like never before.
While Austin was fortunate to survive, his advanced age and the brain hemorrhage caused by extreme shock left him paralyzed.
Alvin was charged with masterminding murder, concealing drugs, money laundering, and bribery.
Despite evidence suggesting human drug testing, Larson Group was not indicted due to a lack of proof. Hence, the police left that detail out of their statement to the public. Cóntent belongs to NovélDráma. Org
Still, the public believed there was a conspiracy to cover the truth. Larson Group lost $2 billion in shares overnight, and the shares plummeted for five whole days.
Larson Group lost its credibility.
The Larsons' office building was vandalized with critical messages, and the press captured the scene to fuel public outrage.
Mila and Arnold were the only ones left in the Larson family. Ironically, Mila cut off all ties with the Larsons since her marriage to Wyatt, while Arnold had been living abroad and had been sidelined from the family business even though he owned some shares.
Things were not looking good for Larson Group.
That day, Mila, acting as chairwoman, called for a board meeting.
Replacing her leisure wear with professional attire, Mila adorned Bella's white and pink diamond brooch and entered the conference room under the board's intimidating gaze.
Mila could feel the piercing hostility the moment she walked through the door, but she did not back down.
No matter what, the Larsons were not going down.
###chapter2064
Chapter 2064
"I'm sure everybody knows by now the situation with Larson Group. Due to the urgency of the matter, I'll cut to the chase."
Mila sat at the center of the table, her appearance graceful and unyielding. "From today onward, I'll be taking over my brother, Alvin, as the chairman of this corporation."
Chatter filled the room.
"Ms. Larson, I mean, Mrs. Thompson. You're no longer part of the family, so who are you to take over the business?"
An individual said cynically, "Besides, you had a falling out with your father to be Chairman Thompson's lover. We remember that you cut ties with the Larsons. You turned your back on your family for over twenty years. Now that the family business is in trouble, you can't resist getting a piece of the pie. This is not a good look on you."
Sharing the same sentiment, the crowd came down hard on Mila.
"It's been a little over two weeks since Larson Group's shares plummeted. I put my own money into the company to ensure funds don't run dry. I called the leaders of several projects not to delay any work, got in touch with the media for damage control, followed up on Alvin's case, and sorted out my nephew's funeral affairs."
Mila's speech, delivered in a calm and steady manner, packed a powerful punch. "And what did you do for the family?"
The crowd was speechless.
"I've done a lot despite not being part of the family, as you claimed. My father and brother either took you under their wing or worked with you for years, but what have you done for them? Nothing."
All the board of directors did was talk a big game.
Mila swallowed the urge to turn potty-mouthed.
She was in the Larsons' territory, not the Thompsons'.
Mila had to remind herself of that.
The individual, who made a fuss earlier, sneered, "Alvin and Aaron did this to themselves. The police have released their statement. What more can we do about it? Besides, this is the Larsons' personal affairs."
Mila narrowed her composed eyes and curled her lips. "Oh? Are you saying that I am part of the Larson family now?"
The individual choked. Cóntent belongs to NovélDráma. Org
"Please show your hands if you agree that I take over the company as chairman."
Mila raised her hand. "I'm voting on behalf of my father."
However, everyone else looked the other way.
Another individual said, "You don't hold enough shares to be the chairman. Alvin has inherited Aaron's shares since his passing. Even if Alvin is arrested, his assets are still not stripped, as the case has not gone to court, he still holds the shares. Even if you want to be the chairwoman, you should wait until the case is closed."
Mila clenched her fists under the table, her face pale.
Sure enough, Mila owned no shares. Even with the shares from her father and Arnold, she still would not have enough.
However, Mila could tell that the board was holding off time.
Once the case reached a verdict, the board would have hollowed out the company by the time she had Alvin's shares.
"Since we are not for the management change, and you don't have enough shares, excuse us for not wasting time here."
The crowd got up to leave Mila high and dry. It was exciting to think they could show Wyatt's woman who was boss.
"You're in a hurry to leave even when the meeting isn't over."
As a stern voice boomed, everybody turned to the door.
Mila looked up to a tall man, dressed in a tailored suit, walking in. It was Arnold.
Replacing the white coat with a business suit, Arnold commanded the room with his presence.
Arnold was mirroring Asher's bearings day by day.
"You have a lot of nerve to gang up on an innocent woman." Arnold narrowed his eyes dangerously and smirked, his eyes piercing. "Do you think no one in the family will back my aunt up?"
###chapter2065
Chapter 2065
"Arnold..." Mila teared up in joy.
Arnold's sudden presence shocked the crowd, but they quickly expressed their disdain.
It was no secret that Arnold was sidelined from the business a long time ago. He was just a doctor who read CT scans, not being involved with the business operation.
Not to mention, Arnold was knee-deep in a scandal, bringing shame to the Larsons for his intimate pictures with Asher.
"Mr. Larson, we are in a board meeting, not some nightclub. Watch your attitude."
The cocky director mocked Arnold, earning snickers from the crowd.
"You're on the Larsons' turf, and I am a member of the Larson family. It's bad enough that
you don't acknowledge that fact, but you don't even have basic manners."
Arnold narrowed his eyes dangerously. "Do you do the same thing in front of my grandfather and father?"
The director gnashed his teeth.
Another individual said indignantly, "Mr. Larson, the board meeting is a place to be taken seriously. Irrelevant personnel shouldn't be here."
"Oh, so you do know that this is a place to be taken seriously."
Arnold smirked. "I thought I'd walked into a dog pound. All I saw was dogs barking their heads off in desperation to secure their spot in the company. Had I not intervened, I fear these dogs would attack my aunt, and she would need a rabies shot."
Mila smiled and shook her head.
Arnold had a sharp tongue, and he was not afraid to use it.
Mila wondered if Asher would be blessed or burdened by Arnold's personality trait. The board of directors saw red.
However, Arnold did not call them out on it directly, so they should not admit to it.
"I know that you don't welcome me here, and I'm not interested in taking over." Arnold scoffed and tossed a file onto the table. "I don't know much about the business, but I know the controlling shareholder calls the shots. Here's a contract for my father's share transfer. The paper depicts that all his shares will go to my aunt, Mila. I'm handing my shares to Aunt Mila too."
Struck by a thought, he curled his lips, his eyes tender. "Oh. It gets better. A mysterious figure purchased a substantial amount of our company shares during our recent crash. This individual now owns 10% of Larson Group. I was on the phone with the individual, and he is
willing to give up all shares to my aunt if necessary. He is all for my aunt taking over my father as chairwoman of Larson Group. Do any of you have a problem with that?" Cóntent belongs to NovélDráma. Org
The directors stared at the contract with ashen faces. They had just been humbled, and their plans came to nothing.
Changing their stance, they raised their hands to support Mila.
Arnold was relieved. Despite his composure, his heart had been racing.
Fortunately, he got what he came here for.
Just as Arnold was about to leave discreetly, Mila stopped him.
"Hang on, Arnold."
He looked back in confusion and saw the firm look on Mila's face.
"As chairwoman, I have an announcement to make."
Mila declared, her eyes steady, "Due to Aaron's passing, the CEO position has been left vacant. From today onward, Arnold will be the CEO of Larson Group. Does anybody ?"
Mila spoke commandingly.
Having been in Wyatt's company for so long, Mila developed a graceful and intimidating bearing. She was a woman who commanded respect.
"A-Aunt Mila..." Arnold was stunned.
Even if the crowd did not agree with the decision, there was nothing they could do.
Mila held a substantial amount of shares, giving her veto power. Her dominance was secured with the support of a powerful ally.
###chapter2066

At the end of the meeting, Mila and Arnold released a notice about their appointment to all employees.
Walking into the chairman's office, Arnold dove into Asher's arms and nestled his sweaty head on his shoulder.
Arnold felt calm in Asher's presence, sinking his weight into him.
"Congratulations on gaining power, Mr. Larson." Asher raised his hand and shuffled Arnold's hair, his voice raspy and tender. "I'll be looking to you for guidance in your new role as the CEO."
"Tsk. Knock it off." Arnold snorted and spoke coyly. "If you hadn't acquired the company shares in secret and stabilized the trading price, Larson Biotech would have ended up in someone else's hands. I don't even have as many shares as you. I'm just working for the company."
"Don't say that, Arnold." Asher held him tight and said tenderly, "I'm yours. I can say the same thing for my assets and shares. Besides, the shares I acquired belong to the Larsons. I'm just giving them back to you."
Arnold was moved to tears.
He raised his chin, his breath mingling with Asher's. Asher gripped the back of Arnold's head, and their lips met.
Their snuggling did not last for long as the door to the office opened, and Mila walked in on
them.
"Ah! I didn't see anything. Please carry on."
With nowhere to hide, Mila covered her face and ran away when Asher stopped her.
"It's okay, Aunt Mila. I'll head out. I'm sure you have a lot to talk about with Arnold." "Don't go, Ash." Arnold held Asher's hand, clinging to him.
Asher curled his lips tenderly and grazed his finger along the tip of Arnold's nose dotingly.
"I knew the ally Arnold talked about was you, Ash." Mila was grateful. "You've spent a lot of money acquiring the shares. Once the company operation is up and running, we will share the profits with you."
"My money is the Thompsons' money, Aunt Mila. You're family too. I'm only keeping it in the family." Asher shook his head. "If you insist, you can share the profits with Arnold. It's the same."
"You have experience in business, Ash. Please help Arnold out whenever you can. Arnold is a great doctor, but he'll need your expertise to be CEO." Mila hid her worries behind a joke.
Asher wrapped his arm around Arnold's waist and looked firmly at him.
"Don't worry. We will help Larson Group pull through this."
All three of their phones beeped at the same time.
"Huh? It's an invite."
Arnold tapped on the invitation, revealing Ryan and Carrie sitting intimately on a swing. Their eyes sparkled. "Ah! Ryan and Carrie are having a wedding,"
"Bella told me that Ryan and Carrie are getting married in Botvia, and they are only inviting their closest friends and family. It's a closed wedding. No outsiders or media can capture their photographs."
Mila sighed. "That's a shame. Carrie and Ryan make a lovely couple. If only they could have a wedding of the century."
"Mila, Ryan will give Carrie the world. Even if Carrie wants his heart, he will use my scalpel to cut his heart out for her."
Mila looked at Asher worriedly.
"I'm so jealous." Arnold expressed his envy.
"Arnold." Asher's lips brushed Arnold's ear.
"Hm?" Arnold looked up and met Asher's gaze.
"Nothing."
Asher held Arnold's shoulder and thought to himself, 'You'll get your turn too.'
###chapter2067
Chapter 2067
Considering Carrie's preference for a change, Ryan organized the wedding in Botvia.
Ryan had been stretched thin over the past month.
He needed to care for his future wife, company, and everything to do with the venue decoration, vendors, floral placement, and photography of the wedding.
The number of times his private jet flew between Botvia and Savrow was astounding.
Not wanting all the work to fall on Ryan, Dean suggested taking his place in Botvia to oversee the wedding preparations, but Ryan refused. His involvement in the wedding took precedence over his sleep and jet lag.
"Why must you put yourself through that, Chairman Hoffman?"
Dean felt bad when he looked at Ryan's eyebags and weight loss. "Just leave the trivial stuff to me. I know I'm not clever, but you're putting a toll on your health."
"It's not that I don't trust you, Dean."
Ryan pulled out a newly bought pink bunny and put it against the headboard, his voice tender. "I dream of the day I would marry Carrie. I want to make it perfect. Carrie doesn't want a public wedding. I know it's what she asked for, but I still feel I'm not doing enough."
Dean felt sorry. "Chairman Hoffman..."
Ryan stared intently at the pink plushie when the image of Yasmin's smile cut him deeply.
He closed his eyes and gasped for air to calm his pain and longing.
"I have too many regrets, Dean. I don't want to leave any more regrets in either my or Carrie's life."
Dean and Ryan were alone in the ward.
While the attending doctor and nurses took Carrie for a physical examination, Ryan took the opportunity to decorate the room with plushies collected from the world.
The horrible abduction left Carrie with severe internal damage. The doctor talked about a long-term treatment.
The bare, white walls and simple furnishings made this place feel so sterile that it could make anyone feel sick after a long stay.
Hence, Ryan did a room makeover, bringing warmth into the place. He put up a drawing board and coloring pens for Carrie to use when she was bored.
Since Yasmin's passing, Carrie had not picked up a pen to draw anything.
Ryan even sealed off Willow Creek Villa. They were grieving in their own ways.
The door to the ward opened, and the nurses and attending doctor brought Carrie back. "Babe."
Ryan, his eyes glistening affectionately, hunched over to hold Carrie tight. His right arm clung to her back while his left hand held the back of her head in assurance.
It was as if he was holding his precious treasure.
"Ah..." Carrie buried her face in Ryan's chest, her soft voice sobbing.
It had been four days since they last met, but the longing terrorized her.
"If I could have a moment with you outside, Chairman Hoffman." The attending doctor looked at him with a mix of emotions.
They walked to the reception area.
###chapter2068

"Thank you for your care, doctor. I have a gift for you. My secretary has dropped the gift off in your office."
Ryan poured the doctor a drink. Unlike his previous arrogance, Ryan behaved in a friendly
manner.
He left behind the person he was, making changes to himself for Carrie and to become an outstanding superior like his father.
"You're too kind, Chairman Hoffman. My duty is to the patients. I was only doing my job." Dr. Harold paused before uttering in a husky voice, "Chairman Hoffman, our examination of your wife today reveals she has endometriosis."
Ryan clutched his drink, his heart sinking. "What do you mean?"
"While it's not a life-threatening condition, there are various factors that can contribute to endometriosis. Unfortunately, in your wife's case, it's pretty severe. She has been suffering from extremely painful menstruation for years and has to rely on medication to manage the pain."
Ryan turned pale, and his breathing hitched.
While living together with Carrie, Yasmin had told him about Carrie's painful periods. Sometimes, Carrie would roll in bed in agony.
Ryan did not get it at the time, assuming it was normal for women.
To his dismay, the problem with her menstruation started a long time ago.
"Please help my wife get better, Dr. Harold. Money is no issue." Ryan's hasty voice trembled.
"We can get her the treatment she needs, but the chances of her getting pregnant are low." "Are you saying that my wife might not become a mother?"
With tearful eyes, Ryan heaved heavily. "Even if she gets better?"
"The disorder is only one part of the problem. The damage to your wife's internal organs is substantial. I previously mentioned that she may need long-term medication."
Dr. Harold sighed. "Given the circumstances, we'd generally advise against pregnancy. The chance of conception is low, and the fetus could be affected by the medications, leading to birth defects. I know you and your wife cherish each other and hope to have a child together, but we need to be realistic. An unhealthy child is a lifelong burden to you and your wife. It wouldn't be fair to the child either."
The journey from the reception area to the ward felt like a lifetime to Ryan. His throat was
dry, and his breath was caught in a hitch.
He slipped into the men's room and doused his face with cold water. It took a long time to get a grip on himself before he returned to his wife.
In bed, Carrie leaned against the headboard and watched a variety show on a tablet while her face soaked up the afternoon sun.
"What are you so focused on, babe?" Ryan drew close and pulled her into his arms.
"Uh..." Carrie pointed at the little girl on the screen, her eyes sparkling.
She was watching a recently popular show about celebrities caring for their kids.
The child on the screen smiled innocently, ripping Ryan's heart apart.
Oblivious to Ryan's agony, Carrie raised the tablet with rosy cheeks and wrote on the screen. "Let's have a baby, Ryan."
###chapter2069

Carrie flicked her finger on the screen, her face reflecting a motherly glow.
Hiding behind her, Ryan was crushed. His discolored lips quivered.
He held Carrie from the back, resting his chin on her shoulder with a lingering snuggle. He fought back the tears.
"I thought you didn't want to have children, babe." Ryan's raspy voice waned as his cold lips stuck to her ear. "Didn't you want to study art? Didn't you want to be my only girl?"
Carrie batted her lashes bashfully and wrote on the screen.
"That's in the past. I don't want that anymore." She felt a lump in her throat. "I know my health isn't doing well now. I need to take medications and shots every day. God knows when I'd ever get out of the hospital. I want a child. Gender doesn't matter. We can raise them. If I leave the world ahead of my time, at least our child will stay and keep you company."
The words were too much for Ryan to bear. In desperation, he forcefully wiped the words off the screen.
"I won't allow you to say that, Carrie. We will live a long life together. I don't need a child. You're all I need. I don't like children. I don't want one."
"Ah... Ah..."
Ryan's sudden fit threw Carrie off, and she clung to his hand and put it to her chest.
Bearing tears in his eyes, Ryan took her lips.
Carrie melted in his arms and suckled his tongue. As his breathing grew heavy, Ryan was quickly swept away by desire.
He had urges. Since Carrie's hospitalization, they had not engaged in any intimacy.
Sometimes, he could not hold himself back from hugging Carrie to sleep. He would rather finish the job himself than touch her.
Ryan went from a life of debauchery to abstinence. He would rather sacrifice himself than let Carrie experience any suffering.
Moments later, they parted, and Ryan rubbed away the saliva on her lips. He planted another kiss on her cheek.
Sensing Ryan's need, Carrie got out of bed and kneeled to unbuckle his pants.
"Carrie, no." Ryan pressed her hand and shook his head.
"Uh..." Carrie frowned.
She could not talk, but her eyes did all the talking.
It had been a long time since they engaged in intimacy. She wanted to relieve him.
"We have a lifetime ahead of us. We'll wait until you get better."
Ryan locked her in his embrace and closed his eyes, preventing his tears from falling.
Bella was fast asleep in the wee hours of the morning while Justin returned from the study after going through paperwork. He was going to slip under the covers when Ryan's call came in.
"Ryan?" Justin took the call.
"It's me, Mr. Salvador. I'm Dean."
Dean's voice sounded panicked and worried. "I'm sorry to bother you this late at night. Chairman Hoffman has a lot to drink. He's crying and throwing up, but I can't convince him to leave. I have never seen him like this."
###chapter2070

"Can you check in on Chairman Hoffman? He's acting like someone broke him."
Justin's heart clutched, and he walked out of the bedroom.
"Give me the address. I'll head there now."
Ryan was alone in the dusky bar when Justin got there. Sitting behind the counter, Ryan downed glasses of hard liquor.
Justin sent Dean to wait outside and made his way to Ryan. He put his hand on Ryan's shoulder.
"That's enough, Ryan. Too much liquor is bad for you. You're about to get married. You should take good care of yourself."
Ryan lifted his chin, his gaunt face swollen with tears. The bloodshot eyes were etched with sadness.
"Why are you crying?" Shocked, Justin looked intently at Ryan. "What happened? Just tell me. We can figure something out."
"Carrie... Carrie..."
Justin's eyes widened emotionally. "What happened to Carrie?"
"Carrie can't be a mother anymore. The doctor said she can't have her own child."
Ryan, a big man, wailed and cried in front of his dearest friend.
Justin's heart ached in silence to see Ryan on the verge of a breakdown.
Truth be told, Bella had read Carrie's medical report and test results. She told Justin beforehand that Carrie would have a slim chance at conception. Even if Carrie did bear a child, Bella could not promise that the fetus would be healthy.
Still, Justin felt sorry to hear it from Ryan.
"I know you have been wanting to have a child with Carrie, Ryan, but happiness can come in many other forms."
"No... I was just blowing hot air before. I don't care whether or not Carrie can give me a child. I love her all the same."
Resting his forehead on Justin's heart, Ryan whimpered. "But didn't I cause everything? I ruined her! She could've been healthy, but I... I destroyed her!"
The distress overwhelmed Justin.
Justin was no stranger to the feeling. Ryan and Carrie were walking the same path he and
Bella took.
Like Ryan, Justin believed he destroyed the love of his life upon learning of her infertility. The guilt, self-blame, and remorse still haunt him to this day.
He could never forgive himself.
"In that case, you should make it up to Carrie." Justin comforted him and patted his trembling back. "Love and cherish her forever. Shower her with all the love and attention in the world."
"If Carrie finds out, she will be so upset." Ryan pounded his chest in devastation. "Just today, she talked about giving me a child. I just want to kill myself in that moment, Justin." "Trust and honesty are the most important things between husband and wife."
Reminded of Bella, Justin felt bad and teared up. "Ryan, Carrie is only with you because she loves you, not to give you a child. You should always remember that both your happiness matters most. Everything else is just a bonus."
###chapter2071

Snow fell from the sky on a winter day, portraying a scene of purest sanctity and romance.
It was Christmas Eve. In the distant country of Botvia, the Hoffman couple's fairytale-like wedding arrived as scheduled.
The Salvadors and Thompsons used their private jets, and the two families landed at Botvia's airport one after another.
Ryan rented the entire historical estate, using the castle in the front to host the wedding ceremony and the one in the back to settle his family and friends. He rented the entire estate for a month.
It meant that even after the wedding, his guests could stay if they wanted to admire the beautiful scenery of Botvia more and fully explore the foreign country.
The estate was a historical site and had never been privately rented before. This was the first and probably the last time.
For this, Ryan found the estate's owner and placed himself in a humble position. At the same time, the price he offered shocked even his father-in-law, Gregory, who was born with a silver spoon.
The night before the wedding, Ryan and Gregory took a walk around the estate.
Ryan introduced the history of this building patiently and earnestly. He knew every tree and plant in the estate like the back of his hand, as if this estate were his home, and he was the noble and elegant duke.
"Ryan, how did you know so much about this place?" Gregory looked at his handsome and gentle face, his eyes filled with surprise.
"I went through so much to rent it, and it would be the last time in my life. To create beautiful memories, I made sure to understand this place thoroughly."
Ryan smiled gently and earnestly, a soft glow of happiness flashing across his eyes. "I'm thinking that when Carrie and I are old, sitting in the house and flipping through photo albums, I could tell her so many stories. Isn't that great?"
Gregory's heart ached emotionally, deeply moved. He exclaimed, "Ryan, you've put much thought into this. But I'm curious, how did you convince that old duke to rent this place to you?"
Ryan slightly pursed his lips. "I told him my love story with Carrie from the beginning when we started dating. He was moved and thought of his wife, who had passed away for many years. So, he finally decided to let us have our wedding here.
"I also showed him Carrie's artwork. He loved it and immediately said he wanted to buy it, but I didn't let him spend the money. After getting Carrie's agreement, I gave him the painting for free."
Hearing this, Gregory was moved, but the emotions beneath his eyes became complicated and shady.
Once, he was just like Ryan, deeply in love and uncontrollably infatuated with Justin's mother.
If he had not misunderstood Mary; if he was not manipulated, deceived, and used by Shannon, Gregory and Mary would have been the perfect couple, a beautiful love story for the ages.
However, in the end, it was nothing but a fleeting dream. His love, his passion, his woman, all turned into ashes in the midst of blood and conspiracy...
"Dad, thank you," Ryan suddenly said.
Gregory quickly hid the sorrow in his eyes and asked, "Thank me?"
"Thank you for allowing Carrie to marry me."
Even though their wedding was tomorrow, even though they had no more obstacles anymore and everyone blessed their union, at this moment, when Ryan said this, his eyes were still red, and his voice choked up.
"When you say that, it makes me ashamed to raise my head."
Gregory smiled bitterly as he shook his head, his heart aching. "You don't need to thank me. If you must, thank Carrie's grandfather and Justin. They were the ones who always supported you, while I tried to tear you apart and even sent my daughter to that beast from the Solloway family... I'm a horrible father. From now on, treat Carrie well and take good care of her. I won't interfere in your life together. Don't worry."
"Dad, don't say that. I've never blamed you."
Ryan comforted his emotions, his voice gentle and low. "Back then, before I avenged my father and dealt with those troubles at home, I couldn't give Carrie a peaceful life. Now, everything is at the right time."
Gregory smiled self-deprecatingly and pulled out something from the inner pocket of his coat. He took Ryan's hand and put it in his palm solemnly.
###chapter2072

Ryan looked down and saw the golden pocket watch inlaid with red and blue gemstones before him, his eyes subconsciously widening. "Dad, this is..."
"This is the pocket watch that Justin's great-grandfather passed down to his grandfather, and his grandfather then passed it down to me."
It sounded like a tongue twister, but Ryan understood it.
Anyway, it was extremely valuable.
"Now, I'm giving it to you." Gregory smiled kindly. "This is an antique that could fetch a sky -high price in an auction. Don't underestimate it."
"Dad, this is too valuable. I can't take it."
Ryan was flattered and quickly refused. "This is your family heirloom. You should give it to Justin instead. How could I deserve..."
"You're not an outsider. You're my son-in-law, which makes you my son. How could you not deserve it?"
Gregory firmly grabbed his hand. "Besides, Justin has his grandfather doting on him. Hasn't the old man left him enough? I don't have many good things left, and he still wants to take from me? What a spoiled brat! Ryan, if you really see me as your father, accept this."
Ryan knew that Gregory was joking. Justin was his son and was born to the woman he loved the most. Although he did not say it, how could he not care about Justin?
"Thank you. I will cherish it for the rest of my life."
At night, sounds of laughter and joy came from the spacious living room in the castle.
The women were chatting over tea, while Bella and Roza were in the room, preparing the wedding gown Carrie would wear tomorrow for the wedding ceremony. Amelia busied around, trying on Carrie's make-up for her, and having a great time.
Since his wife was working on something, Justin could only wait patiently in their room, standing on the balcony in boredom as he admired the nighttime scenery from the estate.
Suddenly, his phone vibrated.
Justin fished out his phone and looked down at the screen, his heart tightening.
After hesitating for a few seconds, he picked up the call. "Grant."
"Justin, have you guys arrived at Botvia to attend Mr. Hoffman and Carrie's wedding?" Grant's voice was low and steady, carrying a hint of a gentle smile.
"Yes, brother. It's tomorrow."
"Great. They've finally achieved their happy ending. It's a pity I can't make it to the wedding."
"It's alright. We all understand your situation." Justin sounded calm and considerate.
"I've sent my gift to your account. It should be there soon. Please pass on this small token of mine to the newlyweds."
With a ding, the notification arrived.
Justin's fingertips swiped through the message, looking at the transfer details. That long string of auspicious numbers cast a shadow of ambiguous emotions between his brows.
To those who know, it was a wedding gift. To those who did not know, it looked like an investment.
"Ahem..." Grant coughed several times. "It must be late at Botvia. I won't disturb your rest with Ms. Bella. Goodnight."
"Grant." Justin's gaze darkened, his husky voice lingering in the night air. "Last time, I wanted to expose the drug experiment, but you stopped it. Did you really do that for the sake of the Salvador Corporation?"
###chapter2073
Chapter 2073
It was quiet on the other end.
The cold evening breeze of a foreign land brushed past Justin's dark and brooding eyes, his heart thumping heavily in his chest.
To this day, he still bore a sliver of hope for his older brother, who had saved his life.
He witnessed the Iverson brothers turn against each other in a deadly fight for the family business and did not want the same cruel thing to happen in the Salvador family.
"Justin, although I can barely take care of myself because of my health, my heart has always been with the Salvador family. I'm always thinking about Grandpa, Dad, you, and Carrie."
Grant's tone was genuine and sincere. "Firstly, I didn't know you were the one pushing behind the scenes for that incident. I was merely thinking from the Salvador Corporation's perspective and simply wanted to protect our family's interests.
"Besides, even if I knew you were the one behind it, I probably still wouldn't change my choice because everything I did was for the Salvador Corporation. Justin, ahem... I hope you can understand me."
Upon hearing it, Justin clenched his fists tightly, his emotions a complicated mix.
After dinner, Asher, Axel, and Declan, who made time out of his busy schedule, kept Wyatt company in his room.
"Where's Drew?"
Wyatt started counting his sons as if taking attendance and did not miss the chance to tease him. "Why? He's not still holding a grudge against me on Mr. Hoffman and Ms. Carrie's wedding, is he? He's not that petty and stubborn, right?"
"Dad, Drew got here early and was helping Ryan decorate the venue." Axel rarely spoke up for his nemesis. "But he went out early today and didn't answer where he was going when I asked."
"How about Ralph? Why is he not here too?"
Wyatt frowned. "Is he scared to come because his crush is getting married? Is he that timid? That's not like my son."
"Dad, you're underestimating Ralph. He has reconciled with Ryan and got over it, already moving on."
Asher smiled faintly, "He's just swamped with work. He managed to take some time off and is already on the plane. He'll arrive tomorrow morning."
"Okay. It's good that he's moved on. There are so many good women in the world." Wyatt
nodded in relief. "If my sons are having trouble finding someone, all the men in the world would be single forever."
He would not comment on other areas, but when it came to finding a girlfriend, Wyatt had absolute confidence.
After all, it came down to his good genes.
"Dad, I heard from Aunt Mila that even Camilla was summoned by Bella from Sentania. She's already on the way."
Declan poured a cup of tea, which was a local specialty, and handed it to Wyatt with a bright smile. "In fact, besides the wedding, Camilla's main purpose of coming was to see you and Aunt Mila."
"Sigh... That child is thoughtful."
Wyatt's heart warmed up, but he could not help worrying, "But the recent news states that the political situation in Sentania is very unstable. Edward has encountered many troubles since he took office, and he even had a car accident while on a foreign visit. Luckily, he's fine. Sigh, I was foolish back then to let Camilla marry so far away. I really regret it."
"Dad, why did you regret it? Your daughter is the First Lady, and your son-in-law is Sentania's President. If it were me, I'd be smiling in my dreams!" Axel could not help but chime in.
"That's because you've never been a father. You don't know what it feels like to worry about your daughter."
Wyatt glanced disdainfully at Axel, "Besides, what else do you know apart from eating? Your heart is made up of food!"
Axel was speechless.
The men of the Thompson family rarely had a warm family reunion, so Arnold wisely chose not to intrude.
Although he had gotten approval from all of the family members, he still felt like an outsider during moments like this. He was sensible and self-aware.
Arnold changed his clothes in his room, put on the brown wool coat given to him by Asher, and walked down the stairs with light steps, hands in his pockets.
###chapter2074
Chapter 2074
"Aunt Mila, Madam Celeste, Madam Sasha, Amelia." Arnold greeted them with a warm smile.
"Arnold, where are you going?" Amelia asked curiously.
"Botvia has a famous pastry store. I thought I'd buy some and let everyone have a taste."
"Great! We'll get to have pastries, all thanks to Asher!" Amelia clapped her hands in delight. She did not consider Arnold an outsider, speaking without any filter.
A slightly awkward smile appeared on Arnold's face. He waved his hand and left while humming a tune.
When he passed by Mila, she sensitively noticed a certain mark on her nephew. Her gaze briefly swept through his chest. Peeking out of his V-neck shirt were some faint red marks that made her cheeks flush.
"Sigh... They're indeed youngsters, so full of energy." Mila picked up a teacup, smiling ambiguously.
"Mila, what did you say?" Celeste did not catch it and looked at her in confusion.
Mila waved her hand awkwardly. "Oh... Haha, it's nothing. Come, let's drink!"
Before coming to Botvia, Asher once casually mentioned a famous local Michelin-star pastry shop that sold delicious treats. Arnold secretly noted it down and wanted to buy some tonight, keep it hidden, and give his man a surprise the next morning.
Arnold braced the biting cold for quite a while before finding the shop. His ears were red from the cold when he entered the door, and he could not even bend his fingers.
After making a satisfying purchase, he paid and held two big bags of pastries as he walked out the door happily.
"Ah!"
Unexpectedly, he walked into a man who had just entered the shop, and the bag in his hands dropped to the floor, the pastries scattering all over.
"Sorry..." The man apologized while squatting down to help Arnold pick up the stuff.
They raised their heads simultaneously, and when their eyes met, the man acted as if he was struck by lightning, widening his eyes in surprise. He stared straight at Arnold's handsome and exquisite face.
Arnold did not think much of it. After all, when he was in Meridan, he was considered a top- tier catch in the gay community.
Who would not be mesmerized when they saw him? It was the same in Botvia.
So, Arnold stood up while holding the paper bags and curled his lips. "Stop staring. I have a boyfriend. Excuse me."
Just as Arnold was about to brush past him, the man suddenly grabbed his arm and said in a trembling voice, "Kairos..."
Arnold's brows furrowed. "What?"
"Kairos... You.... You're alive?!" The man was in disbelief!
Arnold was confused and yanked his sore arm out of the man's grip. "You got the wrong person."
After that, he rushed out of the door, walking quickly to his car in the cold wind.
Unexpectedly, that man stubbornly caught up to him and blocked his path.
"Hey, what are you doing? I'll call the police if you keep bothering me." Arnold's pretty eyes immediately darkened.
The man stared deeply at his face, especially the pair of naturally captivating eyes.
His shocked gaze repeatedly scanned through Arnold, and the man finally let out a helpless and bitter sigh.
"Sorry. I'm really sorry. It's just... You look too much like a friend of mine."
###chapter2075

A spark flashed across Arnold's narrow eyes. Seeing that the man did not look like he was lying and had no intentions of disrespecting him, the wariness in his heart faded.
Being a naturally curious man, Arnold could not help asking, "Do we really look alike?" "Extremely, especially your eyes. My friend also had a pair of unforgettable fox-like eyes."
The man nodded hard, his gaze locked on Arnold as if unable to look away. "But upon further inspection, you merely look like him on the surface. Your mannerisms are totally different. Sorry... I got the wrong person. I'm so sorry."
"It's alright."
Arnold shrugged casually, "When you go back, you can tell your friend about your encounter with his doppelganger. After all, it's a magical thing to know that there's someone who looks just like him on the other side of the world."
The man shook his head bitterly. "I'd like to, but there's no chance anymore. He passed away many years ago."
Arnold was shocked. "Sorry..."
"It's alright."
Arnold was about to get into his car when the man asked again, "It's rare to meet another countryman in Botvia. I don't have ulterior motives. I'd just like to ask... Where are you from?"
"Hatchbay."
Arnold's sports car swiftly disappeared into the dark night.
"Hatchbay... That person was also from Hatchbay." The man recalled Arnold's beautiful, exquisite face, his gaze darkening.
On the drive back, Arnold glanced at the road covered by snow, thinking about the words of the man he had just met. Inexplicable emotions surged within his heart.
He keenly remembered the name Kairos and was curious how much he resembled this man for someone to mistake him like that.
Before the sports car even reached the estate gates, Arnold could see Asher's tall and lean figure quietly standing under the bright streetlights, wearing a matching wool coat with him. His broad shoulders were already covered with a thin layer of snow.
"Asher!"
Arnold quickly got out of the car and rushed over, throwing himself into Asher's arms
gracefully like a bird returning to its forest.
Asher's long arms wrapped around his waist, pulling him into his warm embrace, and asked with a soft smile, "Where did you sneak off to play, little fox?"
"I went to buy food for you. I didn't have time to play." Arnold pouted sullenly, "I went to the famous local pastry shop, thinking to surprise you with breakfast tomorrow morning. Now the surprise is gone."
"It's my fault."
Asher's large palms rested on the back of Arnold's neck, rubbing it softly. His eyes were filled with unmistakable affection. "Every day is a surprise with you by my side. I'm already satisfied."
Arnold narrowed his eyes. "I remember you weren't so slick with your tongue in the past. Where did you learn all these?"
"When you meet your one true love, it just comes naturally." The man's dark eyes were overflowing with love.
Their warm breaths merged into one. Their matching figures stood in the snowy night, and everything was as beautiful as a dream.
The sports car drove through the estate gate steadily.
After a while, a car without headlights quietly appeared from the dark, stopping at the gate where Asher and Arnold had lingered.
###chapter2076
Chapter 2076
The man in the car glanced in the direction they left, then took out his phone and stared at the intimate photos he secretly took.
If he had not confirmed otherwise, he would even firmly believe that this was Asher and Kairos in the past. He gritted his teeth and slammed the gas pedal.
Outside the castle, Arnold wanted to tell Asher about the little incident at the pastry shop, but looking at the three unfamiliar luxury cars parked in the yard and bodyguards dressed in suits standing outside, the topic quickly changed.
"Eh? Didn't Ryan say he only invited close friends of the Thompson and Salvador families to the wedding? Is someone else coming?"
"It's Camilla, and she brought someone. To be precise, that someone had insisted on coming with her." Asher held him, his expression somewhat secretive. "They're from a significant background."
Arnold was unimpressed. "How significant could it be? Could they be more important than our First Lady?"
"She's a princess."
"So high and mighty? Back in Meridan, people also called me the Prince of Neurosurgery." Arnold raised his chin proudly.
Asher chuckled, "She's an actual princess. The only princess of Sentania's royal family."
Arnold's mouth hung open in shock.
On the other side, almost everyone had gathered in the living room, all eyes on the girl standing beside Camilla, full of shock! She wore an expensive blue silk dress with white fur draped over her shoulders, exuding nobility and elegance.
"Let me introduce everyone."
Camilla's hands were nervously clasped in front of her as she put on an awkward but polite smile. "This is the king of Sentania's only daughter, Princess Annabeth."
Everyone's eyes widened in shock, and no one spoke.
Even Bella, who had seen her fair share of the world, was so surprised that her lips slightly parted, exchanging a glance with Justin.
"Goddamn... A princess?! Royal!"
Ryan exclaimed, his eyes wide with amazement. "I've only ever seen nightclub princesses until now, never a real princess!"
After that, he turned around and wanted to leave, but Justin grabbed him. "Where are you going?"
"I'm going to call Carrie to come out and see the princess. It's too rare a sight to miss!" Ryan was curious himself and had to bring his wife along.
"You're already a chairman of a company. Why don't you show a bit more maturity?"
Justin shook his head speechlessly. "Carrie has had a tiring journey all the way from Savrow. She was
already weak and struggling with jet lag. Don't disturb her and let her have a good rest."
"So, why did this princess suddenly tag along with Camilla to come here?"
Bella held Justin's arm, frowning slightly. "Apart from Camilla, nobody in the Thompson and Salvador family has any connection with her, let alone the Hoffman family. She couldn't have come all the way to attend a stranger's wedding. It's absurd."
"In the news, when a royal princess travels, it's usually a big deal with a large entourage."
Justin's warm breath brushed past her ear. "But this princess is on light travel, and even the bodyguards belong to Camilla. Isn't that a bit too casual? Does the royal family not worry about her traveling alone?"
Just as the crowd was confused, Annabeth stepped forward gracefully and bowed slightly, showing an elegant smile. "I am a friend of the First Lady. I apologize for my unexpected visit and ask for your understanding."
While she spoke, her spirited eyes shone with a hint of anticipation as her gaze swept across the crowd. Just as the atmosphere was awkward, Wyatt slowly walked out with Declan accompanying him.
###chapter2077
Chapter 2077
The father and son stood tall and handsome, their demeanor and grace in no way inferior to that of the royal family.
"Dad! Declan!" Bella immediately went over.
Wyatt curled his lips stiffly, his complicated and shady gaze landing on the travel-worn princess.
Declan stared at Annabeth's delicate face, his pupils contracting, fingers subconsciously tightening.
The moment she caught sight of the man's figure, Annabeth's eyes lit up, full of eagerness, but she could only maintain her reserved attitude due to her noble status and walk to Declan step by step.
Women understood each other the most. Bella keenly felt that the relationship between this princess and Declan was not simple.
They had a history.
"Colonel."
Annabeth raised her chin proudly, staring deeply at Declan. "Aren't you going to greet me?"
The crowd's gaze all gathered on the stunningly beautiful pair.
Declan's throat bobbed as he stepped forward. Then he slowly bent down, kneeled on one knee, and held her hand, placing a kiss on the back of her hand.
"Your Highness."
Everyone was stunned.
Sasha was the first to react. She was indignant and nudged Mila with her elbow. "A man's knees are made of gold! How could Dec kneel to a little brat? When has a man in our family been so humble?"
Mila tugged at her sleeves. "Sasha, keep your voice down. She's a princess. Declan did it out of formality..." "What formality? We're not in ancient times! So what if she's a royal princess?"
Sasha was still dissatisfied. "We're not in Sentania, and Declan is not a citizen of Sentania. Does he need to follow their silly customs?"
Mila took the opportunity to pull Camilla over, asking softly, "Camilla, how did Declan and the princess know each other?"
"There were times when Declan accompanied domestic officials on visits to Sentania, and he stayed in the royal castle for a few days."
Camilla smiled wryly. "They probably met at that time."
"So, the princess followed you to meet Declan?" Mila's eyes widened.
Camilla looked at the scene before her, which felt like a proposal, and held her forehead in desperation.
Just as Declan stood up, Annabeth suddenly leaned forward, holding his shoulders, and stood on tiptoe. Her white fur shawl dropped to the ground, but her lips landed on his lips.
Declan's heart pounded wildly, and he felt as if an electric current had spread through his body. His palms were covered in sweat.
The crowd gasped in shock.
The Thompson family members had various reactions, and Axel even grabbed Roza's hand in excitement. "Declan likes women! Great... Now I can finally rest easy!"
Roza pinched his waist, feeling extremely speechless.
Just as everyone's attention was attracted by the intimate scene playing out, Wyatt pursed his lips tightly, turned around, and left quietly.
Bella noticed it and immediately caught up to him.
"Dad, you don't look well. Do you feel uncomfortable?" She supported her father, eyes full of concern.
"I'm tired and want to rest."
Wyatt closed his weary eyes. "Bella, ask Declan to meet me in my room. I have something to say to him."
###chapter2078
Chapter 2078
Princess Annabeth took on this exhausting, long journey and risked being punished by her noble father once she returned. Her true intentions were revealed with one kiss-she had come for Declan, just to meet him.
A royal princess escaping the palace to meet the man she fancies-what a romantic foreign love story, like a pure fairytale.
However, the Thompsons only felt pressured.
"Camilla, are you sure it's okay to take the princess like this?"
In the room, Mila held her daughter's hand and asked nervously, "Will you be targeted by the royal family when you return? They won't make things difficult for you and Edward, will they?"
"They won't, Mom. Don't worry. The royal family has a close relationship with us."
Camilla's voice was gentle as she comforted Mila softly, "Besides, am I so foolish as to kidnap a princess? Annabeth thought she escaped from the palace, but in fact, right after she boarded my private plane, I contacted the queen.
"The queen knows that the princess is with me and is assured. But she also sent the royal guards here to protect the princess secretly. They definitely won't let her run wild without a care."
"Aunt Mila, don't worry." Bella happily enjoyed the famous cakes from Sentania that Camilla brought with her, chiming in at the side, "The Sentania royal family handed over all power to the presidential office twenty years ago. Now, they don't have any real power anymore. They're just figureheads. Honestly, they are the ones who have to be careful around my brother-in-law and the parliament. How would they dare to give them a hard time?
"But in the past, the royal family of Sentania was said to be the world's scariest, treacherous, and most dangerous royal family. They had many special agents and guards working for them and had their own way of dealing with people who violated palace and country rules.
"At that time, Sentania had corrupted officials and cruel executioners. The officialdom was dark, and the palace devoured people whole. Scary!"
"That was in the past. After the hard work of a few generations, it has completely changed." Camilla smiled and poured tea for her sister, worried her throat would be dry after eating so many cakes.
Mila was surprised. "Wow, Bella, did you obtain Sentania's citizenship? How do you know so much?"
"I frequently searched for Sentania's royal family secrets online as gossip! It was much more interesting than TV dramas and movies."
Bella narrowed her eyes. "Just reading the rumors gave me chills. The real situation in the royal family back then could only be more horrifying and brutal. But Camilla, does the royal family know about Declan and that princess' relationship? She chased him to someone else's wedding. It's impossible the royal family doesn't know, right?"
At the mention of this, Camilla had a complicated gaze. "How could they not know? The queen privately talked to me a few times, asking me to play matchmaker,"
"Pfft!"
Bella spat out a mouthful of tea, and the pastries in Mila's hand dropped to the ground.
"Does... Does this mean my brother is going to become a prince consort?!"
"Declan will be a prince consort?! My God... Is our family going to become in-laws with a royal family? Doesn't that mean Wyatt would be a royal father-in-law?!"
"The queen is not a mother who spoils her child. She has her eyes on Declan's military title and his family background as the wealthiest in Hatchbay. Besides, Declan is extremely handsome, and the queen could not find any faults with his character, so... she did not stop Annabeth from getting close to him. Otherwise, Princess Annabeth would have been grounded long ago. How could she fly all the way here to see him? The royal family in Sentania is famous for being strict."
"Then what's Declan's intentions?" Mila asked with concern.
"Declan definitely has something for the princess." Bella's eyes flickered with a smart gleam. "Otherwise, how could a cold and untouchable man like him just stand there like a fool, letting a woman he doesn't like kiss him? The only possibility was that they have feelings for each other."
"Declan is free to decide who he likes." Camilla pursed her lips. "But if he really wants to have a future with the princess... He has to move to Sentania and be a live-in husband, forever staying in the palace. The princess would never marry into our family."
Bella and Mila said simultaneously. "That won't do! Being a live-in husband is out of the question!"
Camilla smiled bitterly. "Then it would be difficult. The royal family won't compromise on this."
The three women fell silent.
They felt that the road ahead of Declan and the princess would not be so smooth.
"Tonight, when Dad saw Annabeth, his expression suddenly darkened. I wonder if he doesn't like Declan being involved with a royal member." Bella was keen and especially attentive to her family.
###chapter2079
Chapter 2079
"Bella, your mother was from Sentania." Mila's eyes instantly dimmed.
"Mom..." Bella felt as if her heart was stung by a sharp pain, murmuring softly.
Mila sat beside her, opened her arms, and pulled her into a warm embrace. "Since your mother passed away, your father never went to Sentania again, and he would even change the channels when the news about Sentania came on. Seeing the people from Sentania this time probably stirred up his longing for your mother.
"Bella, go accompany him in a while. Otherwise, he might start overthinking things if he's alone and has trouble sleeping."
Bella walked toward her father's room with a tray of pastries. She bumped into Drew just as she turned around the corner, who had just returned, bringing the chilling night wind with him.
"Drew, you're back!"
"Bella." Drew's hands were in his pockets as he casually walked up.
"Where did you go? We didn't see you the entire day. Everyone was asking for you."
Drew's eyelashes fluttered in hesitation, and he pulled out an exquisite red velvet box from his pocket, handing it to Bella.
"Bella, I picked this. Do you think it's okay?"
Bella was slightly surprised and opened the box. Inside was a handcrafted sapphire necklace in the shape of a water droplet, inlaid with diamonds, shining brightly even in the dimly lit hallway.
"Drew, is this a gift for Yvonne? It's so beautiful!" Bella smiled and asked happily.
"Yes. Yvonne has a necklace, but it's old, so I want to give her a new one. I spent a long time picking this out, but I still feel it was missing something."
Drew scratched his head and sighed, comforting himself. "Forget it. My taste is what it is. I've done my best."
"The reason it's still missing something is because you didn't ask me to make one!"
Bella pouted, "Did you forget that your sister is the top-tier jewelry designer, Alexa? My designs are definitely better than this!"
"Bella... I..."
"Are you embarrassed to ask me since it's a gift for Ms. Yvonne?"
Bella placed her hands on his shoulder, squeezing his hard muscles and shaking him with a force enough to rattle his brains. "Are you treating me as an outsider or Ms. Yvonne? Since you've decided that she is the one, then she is my future sister-in-law. Let alone a necklace, I could even handle everything for her from head to toe! Why are you being bashful now?"
"Bella, I was thinking too much. It's my fault."
Drew's heart tightened, and his eyes carried a hint of bitterness. "Although I've decided on Yvonne, I'm afraid you guys might not have. I'm afraid of troubling you because of her matters, and that you'll bear a grudge even though you might not say it."
"Drew, how could I?" Bella shook her head with a gentle gaze. "No matter when and no matter what happens, always trust your family. We'll support you forever. Love who you choose, and choose who you love. Don't think about anything else."
Drew felt a surge of warmth in his heart and gave his sister a tight hug.
After Drew snatched a few pastries from her, Bella entered Wyatt's room as she pushed the door open.
There was no one in the living area or the bedroom.
But she could hear Wyatt's agitated voice through the door of the study.
"Not that girl! So what if she's the king's daughter?! My son is just as noble as she is, rich, and handsome. What's so special about that empty title of a prince consort?!"
###chapter2080
Chapter 2080
Bella's heart skipped a beat as she activated her best skill-eavesdropping. She pressed her ear tightly on the door, and the conversation inside became clearer.
"Dad, what's up with you? You've always been urging us to find a girlfriend over the years, and now, I've fallen for Annabeth and want to try dating her. Why are you so opposed?"
Declan was the most gentle and mild-tempered among all the children of the Thompson family. Although he faced a disagreement with his father, he still patiently asked for the reason. "Camilla likes Annabeth too, and they are often in contact in Sentania, getting along well. Annabeth is the Sentania royal family's only princess. In terms of family background, she's out of my league. Why are you dissatisfied?"
"She can be a princess from any country. I don't care if she's a goddess or a stick." Wyatt took a deep breath, his eyes red, his voice trembling from the strong emotion rumbling in his chest. "But... She can't be from the Sentania royal family. I will never agree to it!"
"Dad! Why?" Declan's voice was anxious and confused.
Eavesdropping outside the door, Bella was also full of questions.
It was understandable if Wyatt was in a bad mood because Princess Annabeth was from Sentania, reminding him of her mother. But to deny Declan from dating Annabeth because of this seemed unreasonable and far-fetched.
It was as if his son wanted to marry his enemy's daughter.
That added fuel to the burning fire of Bella's intense curiosity.
"There's no reason." Wyatt trembled all over, closed his eyes, and touched his burning forehead. "The royal family of Sentania is famously corrupt, full of scandals. It's a puddle of dirty mud! I don't want my son to get involved with their mess, and I don't want you to be polluted by their vile environment! Besides, you wanted to join the military since you were a child and endured many hardships to reach where you are today. Are you going to give up on everything you have for that woman?"
Declan was a smart man. His eyes flashed. "Dad, you're not telling me the truth."
Wyatt's heart tightened, subconsciously avoiding his son's scrutinizing gaze.
"Since we were kids, you've never demanded anything from us brothers. You'd never forcefully interfere in the choices we make and the paths we take."
Declan's voice was hoarse, his anxious breathing rising and falling in his chest. "Even when Asher got together with Arnold, you were their strongest backup, giving them your full support. Why is it different for me and Annabeth? Please tell me. Do you have some sort of grudge or unresolved issue with the Sentania royal family?"
Bella pursed her lips outside the door, her hand pressing on the door was bulging with light-blue veins due to her tense nerves.
"It has nothing to do with you children. Stop asking." Wyatt waved his hand, keeping his silence.
But Declan pressed on, "Mom is Sentanian and obtained citizenship here under your help later on. Was it because Mom was related to the Sentania royal family that you're so averse and wary of them?!"
Bella's heart thumped against her chest.
She recalled that when she talked to Aunt Mila about her mother's background, Justin speculated that she came here from the direction of Sentania's sea.
Everything pointed to one possibility: her mother was connected to the Sentania royal family!
But they could easily search for all the royal family members' information online, with plenty of details. The king and queen only had a son and a daughter. Their son was weak and was often hospitalized. The king's brother had no sons, only two daughters.
The Sentania throne could only be inherited by a prince. So regardless of how weak the prince was, the future king could only be him.
The problem was, there was no place for their mother in the royal family tree.
If their mother was indeed connected to the royal family, what sort of role did she play? How did she become exiled and end up in Hatchbay?
"No, no..." Wyatt's sharp eagle-like eyes were now dull, and he suddenly felt a wave of exhaustion, slumping on the sofa, feeling utterly drained. "It has nothing to do with you, and your mother is unrelated to the royal family. Stop asking!"
Bella gritted her teeth.
His double denial was an affirmation.
Although Declan's personality was mild and gentle, he was more insistent than anyone when he was stubborn. "Dad, if that's true, then there's even less of a chance I would cut ties with Annabeth! She is a royal member and my only link to the royal family. I could only have the chance to know more about Mom by staying close to her and understanding what really happened to Mom back then!"
###chapter2081
Chapter 2081
"Nonsense!"
Wyatt felt his vision darken as he angrily slammed his hand on the sofa's armrest. "How can you ask about the royal family matters so casually? Besides, if you really love that girl, you shouldn't approach her with an ulterior motive!
"She degraded herself just to see you and traveled thousands of miles. It's clear that she values you and has genuine feelings! If you wanted to use her, would that be fair to her? Will the royal family let you off for playing the princess like a fool? Are the special agents of the Sentania royal family just for show?!"
Declan's heart wrenched in pain. His hands hanging by his side trembled uncontrollably and curled into a
fist...
How could he not understand Wyatt's reasonings? He was not without a heart.
However, if he did not uncover his mother's background, he would not know where Wyatt's concerns came from, and he would not get to be with Annabeth openly, let alone have a future together.
"You and that princess... Sort out your relationship soon. You can't be together, no matter what!"
"Dad, you've always praised me as the most obedient child since I was young."
A wave of unbearable bitterness surged up Declan's throat, and he blinked hard. "I've never defied you, but this time, can I beg you to give me a chance to date Annabeth?"
"No!" Wyatt was enraged, his body trembling uncontrollably, his words becoming slurred. "Do you want her, or me, your father... You choose!"
Then, Wyatt's vision blackened, and his limbs turned stiff, as if paralyzed.
"Dad!" Declan immediately turned pale with fright, rushing to check his father's condition.
"Dad!" Secretly eavesdropping outside, Bella rushed in quickly and contacted Arnold, while calmly performing first aid to Wyatt.
"Dad... I didn't mean to anger you... Sorry!" Declan, a grown man, knelt helplessly beside his father, tears gathering in his eyes.
Wyatt suddenly had an episode, but Bella and Asher did not alert the others from the Thompson family, only getting Justin and Arnold to help out.
After all, Ryan and Carrie's wedding was just in two days, and nobody wanted to cause trouble for the newlyweds on such a joyous occasion.
After taking his medicine and a simple treatment from Arnold, Wyatt's condition stabilized, and he fell into a slumber on the bed.
"What happened all of a sudden?" Arnold stood beside Asher, shoulders touching as he asked worriedly. "It's my fault... It's all my fault! It's because of me. I was a bad son..."
Declan lowered his head guiltily, the strong sense of remorse constricting his beating heart like thorny veins.
Justin held Bella's waist and saw her sullen expression. He instinctively knew that something unpleasant had occurred.
"I'd believe it if it was someone else. But you, Declan? I just can't buy it." Asher shook his head in confusion.
"Asher, Arnold, Justin."
Bella took a deep breath and slightly parted her lips. "Can you please step out for a while? I have something to say to Declan alone."
The three men exchanged a look but still wisely left the room.
"Bella, are you alright?" Justin lowered his gaze and looked at her, feeling worried.
"It's alright. Wait for me outside." Bella squeezed his large hand, smiling gently to assure him.
Soon, only Bella and Declan were left standing beside Wyatt's bed.
"Bella, I..."
"Declan, I wanted to talk to you about Mom."
Upon mentioning their mother, Bella's eyes immediately teared up, despite just calming her emotions. " Based on Dad's reaction tonight and the investigation and deduction I've made previously, it's almost confirmed that Mom is from Sentania and ended up in Hatchbay due to some misfortune.
"Besides, there's something else I'm almost certain of. Mom is connected to the royal family of Sentania, and this relationship is a secret both Mom and Dad never wanted to touch or let us know."
###chapter2082
Chapter 2082
It was unknown whether it was a dream or the mental connection between father and daughter, but Wyatt's brows slightly furrowed in his sleep, his fingertips twitching reflexively.
"Mom... Is she from the royal family?" Declan's breath hitched.
Bella shook her head lightly. "I don't know. If she is a member of the royal family, even if she was exiled or disowned for some reason, it's impossible to have zero historical records. So, I suspect she might have been working in the palace or was connected to the royal family. But I'm not sure, since we don't know the situation in Sentania at all. However, there's one thing I'm certain of."
Her beautiful eyes shone with a cold gleam as her slender fingers curled tightly. "Mom must have a deep grudge against the Sentania royal family, forcing her to be exiled. Coincidentally, she was rescued by Cameron."
The words "deep grudge" were like a cruel, invisible blade, piercing through Declan's heaving chest.
"Dad has always doted on us and let us make decisions about our own lives. As the descendants of a wealthy family, he never forced us to enter into a marriage alliance and let us pursue our happiness." Declan knelt on one knee beside the bed, holding his father's frail hand tightly, tears welling up in his eyes. "But my relationship with Annabeth incited such an intense reaction from him. It shows that your deductions have a basis. Something bad must have happened between Mom and the Sentania royal family, which caused Dad to have such violent emotions."
Upon hearing it, Bella fell into a deep thought.
Since they were young, Wyatt was only exceptionally lenient toward her mother's five children, even to the point of indulging them. But to Mila and Celeste's children, he was more like the strict head of a wealthy family.
He would fiercely oppose Camilla marrying off to Sentania, once arranged for Amelia to marry into the Solloway family, and constantly urged Ralph to settle down.
But for the five of them, even when she ran off to work for Doctor Without Borders or acted rebelliously, Wyatt was only stern on the surface. He would still compromise and surrender to her.
Wyatt indeed loved her mother the most, and, by extension, was incredibly kind to her children.
But if he was really so devoted, why did he take so many mistresses?
If her mother and father were truly in love with each other, why did she watch as Wyatt married one woman after another but never stopped him, even forming a sisterly bond with them?
As a woman, Bella could not understand her mother.
They were merely humans. How could they not feel jealous? Unless there was no love, she could not endure a day in the life of sharing a man with many other women, let alone have children with a man like that.
"Bella, if the royal family is really Mom's enemy, then I will sever my ties with Annabeth. I will not have any further contact with her."
Declan's breath hitched, his voice hoarse and trembling, trying to suppress his surging emotions. "When it's still possible..."
"Declan, everything we know now is just my speculation... If you give up on your happiness because of this, it would be too cruel." Bella looked at him and felt extremely distressed.
"I lost my mother long ago, and I can't lose my father now. I can't gamble with Dad's health." Declan lowered his head, his heart filled with an unbearable mix of bitterness and guilt. "Bella, I don't have any big dreams or the courage to risk it all for love. I only want Dad to be well, for all of you to be well... That's the only meaning in my life."
The brother and sister fell silent. After watching Wyatt for a while longer, Declan left the room, his shoulders slumped dejectedly.
"Dad, what really happened with Mom? When will you tell me the truth? I really want to know."
Bella sat on the bedside and sighed gloomily.
Just as her gaze landed on Wyatt's handsome face, her pupils suddenly contracted. Two streaks of tears flowed down the corner of his eyes, wetting the pillow.
Wyatt had cried in his sleep.
It was late at night.
###chapter2083
Chapter 2083
Declan took out his military uniform from his suitcase and hung it on the wall above his bedpost, then used a velvet cloth to polish his badges and rank insignia meticulously.
He made time to attend the Hoffmans' wedding and had to return immediately to be on standby after that, so he brought his military uniform with him. It was his pride.
Despite busying around, he could not sleep. Declan lay on the bed, tossing and turning around for a long time before finally feeling a little sleepy.
In a daze, he felt his body getting warm. A sweet, fragrant breeze gently brushed across his face...
He suddenly woke up, his eyes wide.
In the dim lights, Annabeth's fair and soft body was only clad in a nightgown as thin as paper. She straddled him, and the view in front of her chest was exposed when she leaned forward, revealing a tempting and mouth-watering sight.
"Declan, hug me... I miss you."
The girl's spirited, watery eyes were staring at him dreamily, full of deep and entwined longing.
The moment Declan saw her, he felt a surge of heat in his lower abdomen, and his long eyelashes trembled in restraint.
The dark surroundings covered his face, flushed as red as blood, which trailed down to his neck and the tip of his ears.
He was an upright gentleman, but still a man.
Something would definitely happen with another look.
Declan's breath grew heavy, and he immediately grabbed the military uniform hanging at the side to drape it over Annabeth's shoulders, wrapping her tempting body completely. No matter how much she squirmed, he did not let go.
The neatly pressed uniform became wrinkled amidst the girl's struggles.
Declan treated it like a treasure, always personally ironing and taking care of it, and even his secretary would not dare to touch it.
But at this moment, he did not feel distressed about it when it came to the girl.
"Declan, I've practically served myself up to you, but you still won't act... Do you not like me, or do you have problems in that area?" Annabeth's face flushed angrily, pouting with frustration.
"Stop messing around!" Declan held her shoulders, his gaze deep.
"Hmph, I'll know if you have a problem down there when I try it!"
Annabeth was a stubborn person who refused to give up. She tried hard to break free from his grasp, angry and arrogant. "In ancient times, the princesses would have their maids test if the future prince consort was up to the task in bed. I won't trouble anyone else. I'll do it myself!"
"Your Highness, stop messing around!"
Declan's tone was cold and hard, the indifference in his eyes stinging Annabeth. "I'm about to rest. Please leave now."
Annabeth stiffened in shock. "Just now... What did you call me?"
"Your Highness."
"Say that again?!"
"Your Highness."
Declan's eyes, clear as moonlight, showed no emotions. "It's the same even if I say it a thousand times." "Why didn't you call me Annabeth? You never called me Your Highness in private!"
Annabeth immediately panicked, her arrogance, haughtiness, and stubbornness a moment ago vanishing without a trace.
All that remained were her pitiful eyes, anxiously looking at him, her voice softer than ever in the night." Declan... Are you angry? Did I upset you? Tell me. Talk to me..."
"Go back to Sentania tomorrow."
Declan's gaze was cold and unapproachable. "From now on, I'll be a soldier, and you be your princess. Let's not cross paths again."
###chapter2084
Chapter 2084
The Thompson children were all loyal in love, but they were also great actors.
When Declan said those cold words, his heart felt as if it was pierced by a sharp blade, repeatedly twisting to hurt him.
"Declan..." Annabeth's body, wrapped in his military suit, trembled violently. She stared at him in shock, wanting to see through his cold expression. "You don't want me anymore?"
Like an outstanding actor, crystal-clear tears rolled down her cheeks when she spoke, glistening like a string of pearls.
Declan's heart clenched painfully, and he could not bear to look at her anymore.
How he hoped she was merely seducing him with shallow feelings. But the girl before him had genuine emotions and not one bit of acting.
"Have you forgotten... Have you forgotten everything we did in the palace? Have you forgotten how you took a huge risk to climb over the palace walls to see me? Have you forgotten hugging me..."
"Your Highness, I've indeed kissed and hugged you before, but what could that prove?"
Declan snorted, his mocking expression as cold as the Antarctic ice floating on the sea. "That could only prove you once attracted me, physically."
Physical attraction?
Although Annabeth was only twenty and grew up under the doting love of the king and queen, making her innocent and naive, she could still understand the underlying meaning of his words.
It was a biological impulse of a man to a woman.
The cheapest, ugliest kind of affection.
"The long nights were not so lonely anymore because of you. In that sense, I did like you before."
"No matter what... You still liked me!" Annabeth teared up, twisting her waist as she struggled to hug him. She only wanted him.
But her thin shoulders were held firmly in place by him. She could not touch him at all, and she was so anxious that tears could not stop falling. "Declan... I love you... Can't we at least try? We've never started anything. How could you be sure that you only like me that way? Even if you only want my body, I don't care! I just want to be with you... Nothing else matters if I get to be with you."
She cried and begged for his love, completely disregarding her noble status and dignity as a royal.
"Your Highness, you've said that I was your first man."
Declan slightly tugged at his lips and narrowed his eyes. "The reason you've set your eyes on me isn't because I'm all that. It's because you've met too few men. We aren't suitable. Forget it."
"No...!"
Annabeth's eyes, red from tears, widened like a cornered wildcat, and she gritted her teeth fiercely. "I order you to be with me! Otherwise, the royal family would not let you off! If you don't marry me... You will never be able to marry another woman!"
"I've decided to dedicate the rest of my life to my country. Romance was never part of my plans, and I've never thought of getting married. I'm saving you the trouble. Besides, don't forget that I'm not from Sentania. Your special privileges don't apply to me."
Declan flipped over and stood up, his tall and broad figure towering over her, his gaze without warmth." Leave my room immediately,"
"I won't!" Annabeth's pink lips pouted, snot and tears stained her face.
"Fine. Then you can stay. I'll leave."
Declan was expressionless and turned around to leave without hesitation.
Suddenly, a small and wet hand grabbed his palm tightly.
"Don't leave... I'll go. I'll go, okay?"
Annabeth left his military uniform on the bed and disappeared from his room in the blink of an eye. "Annabeth, there's no possibility between us. I'm sorry."
###chapter2085
Chapter 2085
Declan lowered his gaze, slowly clenching his fists, trying to hold on to the gradually disappearing
warmth. "Find someone who would love you with their life and put you first. It's not worth it to fall in love with someone like me."
Annabeth ran while crying in the castle's hallways until she finally ran out of strength. She panted as she slumped against the wall and sat on the ground, looking like an abandoned child.
She did not know how long she had been crying when a figure stood before her and slowly squatted down, meeting her at eye level.
"Oh, it's you crying. Here I thought the castle was haunted." Bella tilted her head and looked at the girl, her bright eyes flickering with a gentle light.
Annabeth raised her eyes, swollen to the point they almost could not open, and sobbed. "Even if I'm a ghost... I'm the most beautiful ghost!"
"Yes, yes, you're the most beautiful princess in the world." Bella coaxed softly, but not without teasing her a little to lighten the sorrowful atmosphere. "Crying here in the middle of the night instead of sleeping? Aren't you afraid that you'll really summon a ghost? I heard that ancient castles like this have a lot of supernatural beings."
"Ah!"
Annabeth was timid and threw herself into Bella's arm in a panic, her frail body soft and warm, making it hard to let go.
Declan usually kept a low profile. She did not expect him to take down the high and mighty princess in just two trips to Sentania.
What a catch!
However, Bella also knew why Annabeth was squatting here pitifully late at night, wiping her tears.
She was born a princess, standing on the top of the pyramid with everything she wanted right by her grasp.
This was likely the only time she could not get what she wanted in her life and suffered, all because of Bella's brother.
At this thought, Bella could not help hugging the crying girl tighter, suddenly thinking of herself in the past.
Her father was the wealthiest man in Hatchbay, the uncrowned king who boosted Hatchbay's GDP and created many job opportunities for the people. When she went out with her father as a child, people would call her a princess.
She was the princess of the whole Thompson family and grew up with infinite love and care. However, the most violent storms in her life were caused by the person she loved most.
Luckily, after weathering the storm, she finally obtained the happiness she sought.
But the girl before her seemed to be walking her old path.
As his family, Bella naturally hoped Declan could find his own happiness, and she could see that Annabeth really liked him.
But...
Their mother's mysterious history and their father's intense opposition forced Declan to face the cruelest choice.
"Be good and don't cry. I'll send you back to your room." Bella sighed deeply, feeling upset.
"I... I don't dare to go back now..."
Annabeth rubbed her wet eyes and complained softly, "It's your fault telling me there are ghosts. I'm scared."
Bella patted her trembling back lightly. "Well, Your Highness, if you don't mind, why don't you sleep with me tonight?"
"Okay... I'll allow it." Annabeth sniffed, her nose red from crying.
Since Annabeth was young, she had always slept alone due to palace rules. In fact, she felt a little nervous to share a bed with someone else.
But the woman in front of her gave her a sense of security, like family. This feeling was rare and precious in the strict royal family.
Bella chuckled and slowly walked forward, her arms wrapped around Annabeth's shoulder.
At this moment, the phone in her coat pocket vibrated. She pulled it out and sneaked a glance. It was from Declan.
[Bella, please take care of Annabeth tonight.]
Bella looked back in surprise and faintly saw a lean, lonely figure standing at the end of the dimly lit corridor.
It was Declan.
He seemed to have stood there for a long time.
Bella turned around, and while Annabeth was not looking, she raised her hand and made an "OK" gesture in the air.
###chapter2086
Chapter 2086
The long-awaited wedding finally arrived as planned.
Early in the morning, the weather was perfect. The sun shone warmly under a clear, cloudless sky.
Inside the castle, vibrant, fragrant red roses adorned both sides of every staircase, extending from the castle to the small chapel behind it.
The scene resembled a dreamy fairytale.
Dressed in their finest attire, friends and family from both sides stood outside with beaming smiles, eagerly waiting for the bride to appear.
"The bride is here!"
Bella's sweet and clear voice echoed through the castle's grand hall. Carrie, the bride, entered the room slowly, accompanied by Roza and Amelia. She wore a snow-white wedding gown, looking as beautiful and pure as an angel.
By this time, the men had already gathered at the chapel. Except for Justin, Steven, and Declan, who were not part of the groom's party, the rest were mostly women from both families. Cóntent belongs to NovélDráma. Org
Carrie's delicate and serene features stood out. The wedding gown Roza designed was simple, highlighting Carrie's understated elegance.
She shyly lifted her clear, doe-like eyes and smiled gracefully.
The roses in the castle seemed to lose their brilliance, overshadowed by Carrie, who outshone them all as the fairest of them all.
Although Carrie had been diligently maintaining her health through proper meals, medication, and rest, with Ryan helping her recuperate, winter had already arrived in Botvia. Even with a warm, wide white fur cape draped over her shoulders, the cold wind made her seem fragile like a flower stem swaying lightly in the breeze.
"Be careful, Carrie." Bella quickly steadied her when she noticed Carrie falter.
Standing behind them, Amelia and Roza also watched with concern.
"Ah..." Carrie looked up at her sister-in-law, guilt knitting her delicate brows.
She felt ashamed of her own frailty.
Anyone watching could not help but feel their heart ache.
Back then, Carrie endured psychological torment, cold stares, and suffering. Now that she had finally found happiness and was about to marry the one she loved, it seemed cruel that the heavens were trying to take away her health.
Bella's eyes filled with tears, but she held Carrie's hand tightly, smiling gently as she whispered, "It's alright, Carrie. You're just a little nervous about being a bride for the first time."
"We're here with you, Carrie. Don't worry!" Roza said boldly, her eyes also glistening with unshed tears.
As they stepped outside, a luxurious, vintage carriage waited, ready to take the bride to her beautiful wedding.
Carrie blinked her clear, watery eyes, slowly taking in the scene around her.
"Sorry, sorry! I'm late!"
Just then, Ralph came running over, drenched in sweat and panting heavily.
"You bastard, why are you just getting here now? Everyone's already here, and we're all waiting on you!"
Mila hurried over to straighten her son's crooked tie and button the middle button of his suit, chiding him. "As the First Lady, your sister even traveled all the way from Sentania and arrived the night before last, despite her busy schedule. What kind of important work did you have that kept you until the last minute? Everyone's been waiting for you! Aren't you embarrassed?!"
"I'm sorry, Mom. My flight got delayed. It's my fault. I'm sorry." Ralph raised his hand to wipe the sweat off his forehead with the back of his hand, guilt written all over his face. "Mom, stop blaming Ralph. He's been so busy with his cases that he barely has time to sleep. Please cut him some slack," Camilla said with a gentle smile, ever the peacemaker.
Ralph quickly took the opportunity. "Yeah, Mom, cut me some slack."
"Cut you some slack? As if!"
Mila could not help but laugh, tapping her finger on her youngest son's firm chest. "Your sisters and brothers have been treating you like a little prince since you were a kid, spoiling you like crazy. Now you act like a monkey with no sense of propriety! You really need a good scolding!"
Thinking of Hugh, both Ralph and Camilla fell silent. Their hearts tightened with sorrow.
Mila's eyes reddened too. She then quickly changed the subject. "Ralph, look! Doesn't the bride look beautiful?"
Standing tall and straight as a pine tree, Ralph turned and lifted his gaze toward Carrie.
###chapter2087
Chapter 2087
Just then, the girl happened to be looking at him with delight. Their eyes met, but the connection was pure and innocent, untouched by romantic feelings.
"Ah..." Carrie's smile brightened as she waved the red rose in her hand at him.
Ralph smiled back.
But as he kept smiling, his eyes began to sting, his vision blurring as the beautiful girl in front of him gradually became harder to see.
To say he felt no regret would be a lie. Yet he harbored no resentment and never considered trying to make up for that regret. All he wanted was for her to find happiness.
Standing by the carriage, Justin wore a black suit, matching the rest of the groomsmen. He did not want to outshine the groom. Still, he looked strikingly handsome-enough to leave anyone breathless.
As Carrie's brother, he would escort his beloved sister to her wedding ceremony.
Watching her walk toward him step by step, Justin twitched his nose as he felt a sting, and his eyes subtly moistened. But despite the emotion, a smile of deep joy and satisfaction spread across his lips as he stood ready to fulfill his duty one last time.
Carrie's cheeks blushed as she gently placed her delicate, gloved hand into her brother's palm.
This scene tugged at Bella's heart. She stood silently behind them, overwhelmed with mixed emotions.
From the moment she fell in love with Justin, she had dreamed of walking down the aisle with him.
She was a simple woman who longed for a grand wedding the whole world would witness, where she would stand proudly by Justin's side.
Life did not have to be extravagant. However, when she loved someone, it should be passionate and grand. Her heart was the most fervent rose in this vast, blooming landscape. Cóntent belongs to NovélDráma. Org
However, reality often proved to be cruel and complicated.
But she had faith in him. She believed that one day, everything she hoped for would become a reality.
"Wait, wait a minute!"
Just as Justin prepared to help Carrie into the carriage, a soft, urgent voice called out.
Everyone turned to see Princess Annabeth hurrying over in small, quick steps. Her left hand held a delicate black velvet box, while her right hand lifted the hem of her gown as she rushed to Carrie's side.
Every move she made was graceful and elegant, fit for admiration.
Her most unrestrained, chaotic, and disheveled moments, including her first kiss, were all reserved for Declan.
The two breathtakingly beautiful girls stood face-to-face as Carrie blinked in surprise.
Princess Annabeth bit her red lips and opened the box in her hand.
Inside was a tiara. It was entirely silver-white, set with dozens of large, teardrop-shaped diamonds. The dazzling light danced across Carrie's astonished face, radiating luxurious brilliance.
It looked mesmerizing and intoxicating.
This was not just a piece of jewelry. It was a symbol of royal majesty, emanating the aura of regal authority.
Standing behind the crowd, Declan felt a shock run through his heart. His eyes widened in disbelief.
In the Sentania royal family, every female member received a custom-made tiara at birth. It was a one-of-a-kind heirloom that accompanied them throughout their lives. They would only wear it on solemn, special occasions.
Who would have thought the little princess would dare to bring out such a priceless treasure? How audacious!
"My goodness... Is that a royal tiara? It's stunning!" Amelia gasped, covering her mouth in awe.
"That would fetch an astronomical price at an auction!" Roza, who had seen her fair share of grandeur, stared wide-eyed, utterly captivated.
"This is a tiara from the Sentania's royal family. It's a symbol of power and status, passed down through generations. It would never be sold at auction. Because that would diminish the royal family's prestige." Bella fixed her eyes on the tiara. Even as a top-tier jewelry designer, she found herself completely entranced by its allure.
Just then, Princess Annabeth's bright smile widened, her voice filled with joy. "Ms. Salvador, this is my gift to you. Congratulations on your wedding."
###chapter2088
Chapter 2088
Everyone stared in shock, their jaws practically hitting the floor.
No one present, except for Declan and Camilla, had ever met Princess Annabeth before this. Even if they had known her better, how could a royal symbol like the tiara be so casually gifted?
"Ah! Ahh!" Carrie blushed deeply and waved her hands in surprise. She did not even dare to touch the
crown.
"Princess, this is far too valuable." Justin stepped forward, his voice gentle as he tried to decline the gift.' Your Highness, Carrie is deeply grateful for your kindness. She is very happy about the gift. But please, you should..."
"Hmph! Who are you to tell me what to do?"
Princess Annabeth tilted her delicate, radiant face upward and shot him a haughty glance. "Besides, this is my royal gift to her. Who dares to refuse it?!"
Justin was speechless.
For a moment, he wondered if he was getting too old, as his words only seemed to irritate others these days.
"Tsk, tsk... Why is the princess acting so high and mighty? Even the British monarchy lost its power decades ago... Yet here she is handing out royal gifts." Sasha mumbled, her knack for sarcasm kicking in. "Aunt Sasha, please don't say that."
Camilla gently linked arms with her, smiling softly. "The King and Queen have only one daughter, Princess Annabeth, whom they have raised with immense love and care. It's natural for her to be a bit spoiled. But she has a good heart. She's kind and sincere. Otherwise, we wouldn't have become friends, and she certainly wouldn't..."
As she spoke, Camilla glanced meaningfully at Declan, who stood tall and composed behind them.
His clear, handsome eyes focused on Carrie. Yet despite this, his intense gaze never left Princess Annabeth's face. A subtle worry flickered in his deep, dark eyes.
Princess Annabeth pouted stubbornly, her expression proud yet somehow endearing. "Taking back a gift after giving it? That would be humiliating and disgraceful for the royal family!"
Roza and Amelia struggled to hold back their laughter, while Bella could only sigh in exasperation.
If the princess was giving away tiaras after just one meeting, what would happen once she got to know everyone better? Would she empty out the entire palace?
Carrie had always preferred simplicity and elegance. Even on her wedding day, she chose to wear only a plain white veil. However, upon closer inspection, the veil bore intricate and beautiful rose patterns, a gift from Amelia, who had worked tirelessly for a month to embroider it as her wedding gift.
Princess Annabeth's expression turned serious as she carefully lifted the crown with both hands, placing it gently on Carrie's head as if she were performing a coronation.
The dazzling diamonds, paired with the pure white veil, made Carrie look like a stunning vision of sunlight on snow, refined and exquisite.
"Ah..." Carrie's rose-colored lips trembled as she parted them slightly.
"You want to say thank you, right? You're welcome."
Princess Annabeth took Carrie's soft hand in hers, her voice catching with emotion. "I've heard your story even in Sentania. I know how hard it's been for you two to get here. I know how much you've endured to finally find happiness together. But isn't that what makes this happiness so precious, so worth cherishing for a lifetime?"
Tears glistened at the corners of her eyes. "As a princess, I've always had everything handed to me. But the love between you and Mr. Hoffman... For the first time in my life, I've truly understood what it means to feel envy."
Princess Annabeth's chest rose and fell with overwhelming emotions as she glanced toward where Declan stood.
Just moments ago, he was there.
Now, the spot was empty.
She looked as if the hope she had carefully nurtured shattered into pieces. It left her feeling lonely and exposed.
Accompanied by her elder brother, Carrie stepped into the carriage that would take her to the chapel. The other relatives followed suit, getting into their luxurious cars to join the procession.
Bella made a point to ride with Princess Annabeth. The two of them were seated side by side in the back." Your Highness, after Carrie's wedding, you should take the tiara back," Bella said with the composed authority of an older sister.
As someone usually headstrong and willful who could challenge anyone or anything, Princess Annabeth seemed to lose all her bravado in Bella's presence. She became as gentle and pliant as a lamb. It was as if Bella were her real older sister.
It was true that there was always someone who could keep another in check.
###chapter2089
Chapter 2089
"Why?" Annabeth asked, clearly unwilling to do so.
"Why do you think?" Bella's eyes glimmered with a hint of reproach. "I'm worried that if your parents find out you gave away a family heirloom as a wedding gift, it could strain relations between the two countries. You're a pampered princess. You're free to do as you please without worrying about the consequences. But you can't ignore how your actions affect others. If you cause trouble, someone else might have to pay the price. Do you think that's fair for them?"
Annabeth's expression turned glum as guilt crept in. She lowered her head, her delicate fingers fiddling with the hem of her dress.
"Actually... I had my own reasons."
Bella tilted her head, seeking out Annabeth's tear-filled eyes. Her gaze was soft as she gently exposed the young princess's intentions.
"You know I treat Carrie like my own sister, so you went all out, hoping to win my favor. You thought if you impressed me, I might help you get closer to my third brother, right?"
Annabeth's cheeks flushed a deep red as she stammered, "You... You figured it out... Does this make me a schemer? Am I an awful person? I'm sorry..."
Bella could not help but feel her heart soften. She gently stroked the girl's back, her tone comforting.
"Don't be so hard on yourself. I never said that. Besides, using a bit of strategy to get close to someone you like is fine. What's wrong with that? As long as you're not hurting anyone or doing something unethical, it's okay,"
Annabeth sniffled. Her nose reddened. Then, she spoke in a small, wounded voice. "I like Declan... I like him so much that I'd give up being a princess just to be with him. My aunt married a commoner, and he wasn't even as well-off as Declan. Declan is wealthy. He can definitely take good care of me..."
Upon hearing that, Bella fell silent for a moment.
It was true. The Thompson family's wealth might not be far behind that of Sentania's royal family.
But Annabeth's straightforwardness was almost too much. Anyone listening might think she was just after his money.
"Bella, please help me."
Annabeth suddenly threw herself into Bella's arms, her soft, delicate face nestled against her chest, filled with pleading and dependence. "After all... We did share a bed once, and you're Declan's favorite sister. If you speak for me... Declan will surely be as kind to me as he used to be. He's so distant now... I can't stand it... I really can't..."
As she spoke, she began to cry. Tears streamed down her face like a pitiful, delicate flower.
"Anne... Don't cry..." Bella comforted her, feeling a deep ache in her heart.
What on earth did her third brother say that night to be so cruel and hurtful that it brought this once- proud princess to her knees and reduced her to such humility?
"Am I really that awful, Bella?" Annabeth's sobs grew louder, her voice trembling with self-doubt.
"Not at all! Don't ever think that way. If anything, it's Declan who isn't good enough for you. If anyone's to blame, it's him for making a girl cry!" Bella quickly pulled her into a tighter embrace.
The last thing she could bear was seeing a girl lose her self-worth, giving up her dignity and sinking into a pit of self-blame and doubt, all because of someone she loved.
She knew that pain all too well. She lost herself in it for three long years. Back then, she suffered and tormented herself every day.
Meanwhile, in the car trailing behind them, Declan sat with Ralph. He had not taken his eyes off the car in front, his long lashes quivering as he stared intently ahead, his gaze filled with longing.
"Dec, why are your eyes red? Did you not sleep well?"
Ralph leaned closer, scrutinizing Declan's face, then suddenly gasped, "Dec, did you cry?! Are you feeling emotional because Carrie is getting married?"
"Yeah." Declan closed his reddened eyes briefly before he turned to the window and said in a flat tone, "I wish them eternal happiness."
###chapter2090
Chapter 2090
The luxurious, romantic carriage came to a graceful stop on the red carpet outside the church.
The Thompson brothers, along with Arnold, Steven, and Ian, were already waiting, each with a joyful expression, scattering rose petals into the bright blue sky.
They all seemed like knights for the princess, simply standing there in two perfect lines, creating a breathtaking scene that could steal the spotlight in any photograph.
Falling petals became poetry, and birds flew across the sky.
With the tiara on, Carrie looked every bit like a princess of the world, while the handsome men before her appeared as her loyal knights.
"The bride is truly stunning." Axel could not help but exclaim.
"She really is. Ryan is one lucky guy!" Arnold remarked. His fox-like eyes watched with envy.
"I should attend more weddings like this. When it's my turn, I'll have plenty of ideas and won't be caught off guard."
Axel captured every detail of the scene in his mind. As he thought of his own plans, a small smile played at the corners of his lips.
"Ax, does that mean your big day is approaching, too?" Arnold asked, his expression lighting up with excitement.
"Yes, I've started planning it." Axel then leaned in close to whisper, "Dude, don't let this slip out. I want to surprise my Roza."
"My lips are sealed. I'll stop being a Larson if even one word gets out!"
"Of course, you're no longer a Larson. You're a Thompson now," Axel teased with a grin.
Arnold's heart raced, and his previously calm face flushed like the scattered petals.
Just then, Gregory, the bride's father, stood in the center of the red carpet, dressed sharply in a suit, ready to escort his daughter down the aisle.
Nearly sixty, this man had been on a strict diet and exercise regimen for two months. He even dyed his hair and groomed his eyebrows.
He did these to ensure he would not embarrass his precious daughter on her big day.
Though Carrie appeared healthy, she was still quite weak. Even the simple act of lifting her skirt and stepping out of the carriage made her legs tremble slightly.
In the end, it was Justin who carried her down from the carriage.
Seeing this, Gregory could not help but feel emotional. His eyes reddened with tears of heartache.
With Justin's support, Carrie made her way to Gregory's side. She took his arm as they prepared to walk down the aisle together.
The beautiful bride took a few steps forward. However, she could not resist looking back. Her eyes glistened as she gazed at her older brother.
With a stature as upright as a towering tree, Justin stood firmly behind Carrie. Unfazed by the storms of life, he provided her with an overwhelming sense of security.
"I'm right here. Go ahead." His starry eyes curved with warmth, tears glistening at the corners of his eyes as he waved her on.
Just sending his sister off to be married had already tugged at his heartstrings in ways he could barely withstand.
If it were his own daughter...
A wave of emotion surged through Justin's chest. He quickly shook his head, refusing to let his thoughts wander.
Whenever he thought about having children, he always felt like he was disrespecting Bella.
With solemn, graceful music accompanying them, the Salvador father and daughter pair slowly made their way into the chapel.
Seated in the front row with Matt by his side, Nigel watched as his granddaughter prepared to walk down the aisle. His heart swelled with a mix of emotions, and tears of pride and sentiment streamed down his face.
At the end of the chapel, standing atop the steps was the tall and handsome groom. Ryan gazed intently at his bride as she slowly walked toward him. Under his elegant suit, his chest heaved with uncontrollable emotion, struggling to stay steady.
He squeezed his eyes shut, the faint blush in his phoenix eyes intensifying, and when he opened them again, the image of his beloved was a blur, then sharpened once more.
Without a sound, tears streamed down his face without warning. Yet his brows and eyes were alight with profound happiness.
With tears flowing, Ryan stepped forward to take Carrie from Gregory's hand.
"Young man, you better treat my daughter well. You'd better spoil her rotten." Gregory smiled fondly as he placed his daughter's hand into the man's burning palm. "I know it's probably unnecessary to say this, but I have to anyway."
"I will, Dad. I promise I will," Ryan replied, his gaze warm, deep, and unwavering,
The two newlyweds locked eyes, full of love, as they slowly walked up to Asher.
Dressed in a priest's robe, Asher stood as the wedding officiant. His deep voice resonated as he recited the marriage vows.
"Ryan Hoffman."
Asher addressed the groom, his voice firm and resolute. "Before God and in this sacred ceremony, do you take Carrie as your lawful wife? Will you love, honor, comfort, and cherish her in sickness and in health, in prosperity and in adversity, and remain faithful to her for the rest of your lives? Do you take this vow?"
"I do!"
Ryan's voice rang out with unwavering clarity, his eyes glistening with unshed tears, shining as brilliantly as diamonds.
Though not booming, his response was powerful enough to shake the heavens and earth.
"Carrie Salvador."
Asher turned to the girl whose rosy cheeks glowed with emotion, "Do you take Ryan as your lawful husband, to love, respect, and stand by him through all of life's highs and lows, forsaking all others, and remaining faithful to him for the rest of your days?"
Overwhelmed with emotion, Carrie's slender neck tensed as tears welled in her eyes. Unable to speak, she nodded vigorously, her silent answer more poignant than any words could convey.
The radiant couple exchanged rings and lit the unity candle.
Ryan then wrapped his strong arms around his petite bride, sealing their vows with a deep, unforgettable kiss in the presence of God and their loved ones.
"I love you, Carrie. I'll love you forever and always, until the end of time."
He whispered softly into her ear, again and again, his voice unwavering.
Their love story was a grand, mutual journey.
They were like rivers flowing to the sea, destined to meet at last.
###chapter2091
Chapter 2091
As night fell, Ryan hosted a warm and lavish dinner at the castle.
Knowing his wife's fondness for dolls, he had the castle adorned with adorable plush toys and a pair of teddy bears on every dining table.
There was a brown one dressed in a black tuxedo, representing Ryan, and a soft pink one in a white wedding dress, snuggled up to the brown bear, symbolizing Carrie.
Due to Carrie's health condition, she could not eat overly greasy foods. Therefore, the banquet featured dishes that suited her palate, made from the finest ingredients flown in specially. Though the food was light, they were exquisite. It satisfied every guest.
Since Carrie could not drink alcohol, there was not a drop of it served. Instead, various fruit juices and teas filled the glasses.
When it came time for the couple to offer a toast, Ryan presented Carrie with a cup of orange juice. Having been in the hospital for so long, she indulged, happily drinking three cups, her smile sweet and wide.
During the performance segment, Ryan held his wife by the waist as they stood on stage. They watched as Justin, Axel, Ralph, and Arnold took the spotlight.
Under the eager gazes of the crowd, they performed a heartfelt rendition of "Nothing's Gonna Change My Love For You".
This was a song that Yasmin had chosen for them. She had written in her diary that she hoped to sing this song at the wedding.
However, her wish had become a final, unfulfilled dream.
But Ryan believed that, wherever she was, Yasmin could see what he had done and was surely blessing them.
Throughout the song, Bella gazed deeply at her lover. Her eyes glistened with unshed tears as the beautiful melody played.
"Bella, didn't you tell me your man can't sing?"
Roza's eyes sparkled. She then nudged Bella, who was lost in the joy and happiness of the moment. "He's not bad! At least every note is on key."
"Even though he acted all nonchalant and confident around me, he's been waking up an hour early every morning to practice this song." Bella rested her chin in her hand as she gazed dreamily at her man. "I know exactly when he gets up every day, even if he tries to hide it. He's the type who aces every test but always says he didn't study much. But in reality, he's been burning the midnight oil,"
"Wow... We had people like that in my class too. I couldn't stand them. They're so fake!" Roza joked, shaking her head with a smirk.
"Bella, your hubby's a bit of a show-off." Amelia quipped from the side.
With hands on her hips, Bella playfully scolded them. "You guys better not tease Justin! I'm fiercely protective of him! Besides, what's wrong with him putting in some extra effort? Unlike some people who don't take things seriously and end up singing like a banshee, with eight out of ten lines off-key!"
"Ahhh! Sure, Ax might not have much talent for singing, but you're being way too harsh!"
Feigning anger, Roza reached out to tickle Bella, who burst into laughter, twisting away to dodge her.
"Look at you! I never even mentioned Ax, but you jumped to the conclusion! You haven't even married him yet, and your heart's already over here? Hahaha..."
The two best friends ended up in a playful scuffle. Watching from the side, Amelia could not help but join in with laughter.
"Ugh...!"
Suddenly, Amelia's face turned pale. She clutched her mouth, quickly getting up and slipping out of the banquet hall like a gust of wind.
At that moment, Steven, who was busy mingling with the guests as the secretary, had not noticed anything unusual with his partner.
"What's wrong with Amelia?" Bella looked in the direction her sister had rushed off, surprised.
"I've been with Amelia these past few days, helping prepare for Carrie's wedding." A concerned expression crossed Roza's face. "She's been looking a bit worn out lately. Her appetite hasn't been great, too. I'm not sure if she's feeling under the weather or just dealing with some minor sickness."
"Really? I'd better go check on her!" Worried about her sister, Bella immediately stood up and left the table.
On the other side of the room, the blissful newlyweds smiled warmly at the groomsmen, who had just finished their heartfelt performance.
Ryan could not resist pulling his delicate wife closer, holding her tightly by the shoulders as he kissed her forehead, cheeks, and the corners of her lips.
A lifetime would not be enough to express all his love for her.
###chapter2092
Chapter 2092
Suddenly, Carrie's eyes, usually as clear and bright as the moon, turned unfocused. She stared intently at the crowd below the stage, her long eyelashes fluttering, and her delicate, rose-colored lips began to
tremble uncontrollably.
Her slightly reddened eyes quickly filled with tears. They were sparkling like two crystalline amber gems.
"Carrie, what's wrong? What's going on?" Seeing his beloved cry, Ryan immediately panicked.
"Y-Yasmin..."
Carrie's trembling lips barely parted as she spoke. Her voice was rough and strained, like she had not drunk anything in a long time, the words stumbling out awkwardly.
Even though her voice was faint and quiet, Ryan heard every word clearly.
"Carrie! Y-You spoke?!"
Ryan's eyes filled with tears of joy, his face losing all composure.
"Carrie! You really spoke?!"
"R-Ryan..."
Carrie lifted her hand, pointing to a spot in the crowd near the stage. Her eyes curved into a smile, even as tears streamed down her cheeks. "I... I see... Yasmin..."
Ryan looked to where she was pointing.
The space was empty.
There was no Yasmin. In fact, there was nothing at all. But still, he smiled. He put on a smile full of warmth and understanding as if an old friend had traveled across mountains and rivers just to attend their wedding.
"Yes, Yasmin is back," Ryan whispered into her ear, his voice gentle. "I see her, too. She's smiling at us."
After asking a few servants, Bella finally found Amelia in the washroom at the far end of the hallway.
Amelia was bending over the sink in the washroom, vomiting continuously with a pained expression. "Amelia! You..."
Bella stood behind her sister, staring at her pale, tear-streaked face. Suddenly, her eyes widened in shock, and she grabbed Amelia's cold hand tightly.
"Amelia! Could it be... Are you...?!"
"Bella..." Amelia's body trembled, her eyes red and full of tears.
Finally, unable to hold back any longer, she broke down in front of Bella.
"I'm pregnant... I'm carrying Steve's child..."
"What...?!" Bella gasped, covering her mouth in shock, nearly bursting into tears of joy.
The Thompson family was finally going to have a third generation!
Wyatt was going to be a grandfather, Celeste a grandmother, and she and Justin were going to be an aunt and uncle!
Bella wiped away the tears from Amelia's cheeks. She then hugged her tightly, her voice trembling with happiness.
"When did this happen?"
"I don't know... I never went to the hospital to check..."
Amelia sobbed pitifully, her eyes swollen from crying. "Steven and I always took precautions... But at the beginning of this month, we..."
"You guys stopped using protection?"
Bella started getting a bit upset. "Even though Steven loves you and is determined to marry you, you guys are not married yet. Besides, he hasn't formally asked Dad for your hand in marriage. To just ignore your well-being like that is really irresponsible!"
"No! It's not like that!" Amelia's face turned even redder, almost like a tomato. "Steve... did use protection. But that time... After I saw him off to work in the morning and went back to tidy up the room, I found... I found..."
"Found what?" Bella, her curiosity burning, was desperate to know.
Amelia closed her eyes in embarrassment, lowering her head shyly. "I found that the condom Steve used the night before had broken."
###chapter2093
Chapter 2093
Speechless, Bella held her forehead in disbelief.
Steven, that rascal, how much force did he use? Was it intentional?
"How did you figure it out then, Amelia?"
"After that time, I started feeling unwell, always tired and sluggish... I thought I was just exhausted and didn't pay much attention to it. But then I started feeling nauseous. I realized something was off. The night before last, I secretly went out to buy a pregnancy test, and I took it yesterday morning..."
Although this was wonderful news, Bella felt anxious and guilty.
She had been so focused on taking care of Carrie and helping out that she had not noticed how pale and worn out her sister had become.
As Bella's secretary, Steven was just as busy, and they had both overlooked Amelia's struggles.
Still so young, Amelia now faced the daunting reality of becoming a mother. She was not mentally or emotionally prepared for motherhood, and the pressure weighed heavily on her.
The thought of her beloved sister living in constant anxiety and fear made Bella's heart ache unbearably. "Amelia... I'm so sorry. I should have noticed earlier. It's all my fault for neglecting you!"
Bella pulled Amelia into her arms, her heart aching with guilt. "But if you just found out yesterday, Steve and Aunt Celeste still don't know about it yet, right?"
"Bella... I'm scared..." Amelia sobbed uncontrollably, her slender shoulders shaking with fear. "Steve hasn't proposed yet, and we're not married, but I'm already carrying his child. I'm afraid Mom and Dad will be upset and make things difficult for Steve."
"You silly girl, what are you thinking? You're carrying the first grandchild of the Thompson family! Dad will be overjoyed and want to celebrate the news with the whole world. There's no way he'd be angry! He's been sick for a while, but hearing this news might even lift his spirits and help his recovery!"
"Really...?" Amelia sniffled, her nose red from crying.
"Yeah.""
Bella's eyes filled with tears as she gently touched her sister's belly. "This is such a blessing, You're going to be a mother. You and the baby both need to stay healthy. The baby must arrive safely in this world."
Bella thought, 'You and Steve must raise the child together and have a lively and adorable little one bringing joy into our lives. It'll fulfill my lifelong dream too.'
Drew withdrew from the lively human warmth of the celebration and found himself alone on a quiet balcony, his expression dim as he smoked a cigarette.
He had always been a lone wolf, disconnected from the joys and sorrows of others.
But tonight, as he watched Ryan and Carrie, the newlyweds blessed by friends and family, he could not help but feel deeply moved, and thoughts of Yvonne overwhelmed him.
A cloud of gloom shadowed his face, and his tall, resilient frame leaned against the railing. As he exhaled smoke, he gradually leaned further back, almost tipping over the edge of the balcony, flirting with danger in a reckless, nerve-wracking way.
Drew pulled out his phone, his throat tight and dry despite repeated attempts to swallow.
Finally, unable to bear it any longer, he dialed Yvonne's number.
He knew they trapped her and were constantly monitoring her. So, since their last encounter at the fire, he had not dared to contact her.
For someone as fearless as Drew, the thought of reaching out to the woman he loved terrified him.
The agony of not knowing her fate gnawed at him every moment, burning his heart and boiling his mind.
As a seasoned agent, he always acted with extreme caution. Even when he calls, he uses an encrypted number. Even if Yvonne's phone was under surveillance, there was no way they could trace him.
###chapter2094
Chapter 2094
Unfortunately, Drew was overthinking it.
The phone on the other end was off.
Drew's brief glimmer of hope quickly faded as he left the balcony.
After a few steps, he noticed a drunken Annabeth at the end of the hallway, clutching a wine bottle, and slumped against the wall.
The red wine stained her expensive dress, and her messy hair clung to her flushed cheeks, making her look like a small, disheveled, inebriated kitten.
Standing before her was a tall, broad-shouldered man-Declan.
With an unlit cigarette hanging from his lips, Drew tilted his head, observing them with a curious gaze. Annabeth kicked her slender legs out wildly, her movements erratic. However, the man remained unfazed. He just stood there, watching over her with a gentle, indulgent smile.
Eventually, Annabeth's energy waned. As she started to collapse, Declan leaned down, catching her soft body and cradling her in his arms.
He then nudged open the door and carried her inside.
Some time passed before Declan reluctantly emerged from the room, quietly closing the door behind him. "Dec."
A voice, calm and measured, emerged from the shadows.
Declan looked up in surprise, meeting Drew's shimmering eyes.
"Drew, how long have you been here?" Declan's heart skipped a beat.
"Since you brought her in."
Drew gazed at his brother unwaveringly, his expression unreadable. "Dec, you were in there for quite a while. Did you sleep with the princess?"
Declan felt his breath hitched. His face flushed slightly, though the dim light concealed it well.
"I only wiped her mouth and helped her to rest. I didn't touch her."
"Dec, you truly are a man of virtue, like a modern-day saint. If it were me, faced with such a sweet and tender morsel, I might not have been able to hold back."
Smoke obscured Drew's handsome features as the glow of his cigarette flickered at his lips.
Declan clenched his fists in the shadows, his voice strained. "She's still just a young girl and a royal princess at that. I can't touch her."
"But I wish you had taken her tonight."
A burning sensation gripped Declan's chest as he rasped. "What do you mean by that, Drew?"
"By not touching her, you've shown that you truly care for her."
Drew flicked the ash from his cigarette, his eyes sharp as arrows. "Dec, you can go with any other woman, but not this one. It's not just Dad who opposes this-I do, too."
Declan's breath hitched, his gaze complex as he looked at Drew's cold, severe expression. "For years, I've
been working abroad, often traveling between here and Sentania, collaborating with their government and the royal family on classified missions. I've never given up on investigating Mom's background. You all may be content living in ignorance, but I'm not. I want everything to be clear, which is why I've been searching for any clues about Mom for the past three years."
Hearing this, Declan felt as if a dull knife was grinding away at his heart.
"Drew, you found something?!"
"I can't say for sure yet. Besides, it's classified. As a professional agent, maintaining confidentiality is the least I can do."
Drew slowly stood from the couch, his steps heavy as he approached his brother, his face dark. "But there's one thing I can tell you. The Sentania royal family is responsible for Mom's exile. The grudge between them and Mom runs deep. You can't possibly think of marrying into our enemy's family, right?"
###chapter2095
Chapter 2095
The air turned heavy and suffocating
Drew confirmed the suspicions Declan first gathered from their father.
This sent waves of turbulent emotions crashing through him.
Declan's usually unshakable demeanor faltered as if he had lost all strength, leaving him drained and weakened.
"Dec, our father's health is only being held together by the combined efforts of Ash, Arnold, Bella, and Justin. He can't withstand any more shocks or disturbances. If you can't manage your relationship with that princess, it will inevitably pose a huge threat to the Thompson family in the future."
Drew narrowed his eyes, his expression cold as ice. "If you can't handle it, I can do it for you. My words can be just as ruthless."
"No. There's no need for that."
Declan lowered his long lashes to hide his pain. His voice was rough and almost unrecognizable. “I've already made it very clear to her that we're finished. I've also told her we'll never have further contact. I only brought her back tonight because I didn't want her to be a drunk girl lying alone in the corridor. There's nothing more than that."
Seeing his gloomy brother, Drew sighed in resignation and placed a heavy hand on his shoulder. "Let's go, Dec. If we don't, Bella will start to worry."
The two brothers left the room.
As the door closed behind them with a creak, another door slowly opened.
With her frail and lonely form, Annabeth looked shattered, her face pale and broken.
"How could this happen..." Annabeth muttered in disbelief, shaking her head as searing pain spread through her limbs.
In reality, she pretended to be drunk to test Declan's feelings for her.
She did not expect the royal family to have something to do with Declan's mother's misfortune.
They had become like Romeo and Juliet, trapped in bitter enmity.
Annabeth, supporting herself on the doorframe, slowly sank to the ground, her tears falling drop by drop.
Another good news tonight was that Carrie finally spoke.
Although she could only manage short sentences like a toddler, her ability to speak was nothing short of a miracle.
Overwhelmed with emotion, Bella, Justin, and the younger generation's eyes filled with tears. Nigel held his granddaughter tightly, weeping uncontrollably, his tears flowing freely.
However, Bella kept the news of Amelia's pregnancy private. She planned to inform Celeste and Steven first while everyone was out watching the aurora. After that, she would prepare Wyatt for the news with Celeste.
At least this way, he would be mentally ready to become a grandfather and avoid an emotional outburst with the sudden announcement.
Meanwhile, Justin stood before the dressing mirror, wearing the deep gray suit Bella had lovingly hand- stitched for him when she was still Anna Brown.
The gray fabric was impeccable. It reflected his dignified, self-disciplined, and profound demeanor. "How noticeable are the repairs on the suit, Ian?" Justin asked, anxiously examining his reflection.
Ian, eyes wide, circled around the man, inspecting him from all angles. He touched his chin thoughtfully." Well, if you look up close, you can still see the repairs. But from a social distance, it looks perfect!" "Perfect..."
Justin felt his breath catch, his throat tightened with sorrow. "There's no such thing as perfect. No matter how skilled the tailor is, you can still see the damage. It cannot be fully repaired. It's all my fault for ruining Bella's heartfelt efforts."
"Please don't say that, Mr. Salvador! It wasn't the Young Madam's effort that was ruined. It was..." Ian's voice trailed off.
On this joyful occasion, he did not want to mention that vile woman's name. It would be disgusting and ominous if he did so!
Justin reached into his suit pocket and pulled out a small, exquisite box.
He opened it to reveal a ten-carat teardrop-shaped pink diamond, adorned with delicate white diamonds on the base, sparkling like a constellation of stars.
The size and cut of the diamond were unparalleled.
Not only that, Justin poured all his effort into choosing the raw stone, designing, and crafting this masterpiece.
He did this all in secret from Bella. Her keen intelligence had not detected anything, proving his secrecy was flawless.
"Will Bella say yes?" Justin felt a jolt of intense emotion, his breath growing heavy.
"Of course, she will!"
Ian noticed Justin's nerves and youthful anxiety and could not help but feel his eyes moisten. "Young Madam loves you deeply... She might have been waiting for you all this time."
Justin knew that Bella loved him. However, knowing everything did not always prevent self-doubt, especially at crucial moments.
"Mr. Salvador, you should go ahead with confidence. I've taken care of everything for you!"
Ian's warm and reassuring smile was full of conviction. "I've checked before this. It's currently the best time to view the aurora in Botvia. Even if the weather doesn't cooperate tonight, we can set up artificial ones. We won't let you down! Just go to Young Madam confidently!"
"Thank you, Ian." Justin straightened his back, a slight smile curling his lips.
Just then, his phone rang. It was Asher calling. He answered it immediately.
"Justin," Asher's voice came through, deep and trembling slightly from the wind.
"What's up, Ash?"
After a pause, Asher took a deep breath and spoke clearly. "I'm going to propose to Arnold tonight." Justin's eyes widened with intensity.
"I want to hold on to him firmly. I want to make sure he's mine forever. I don't want him to ever slip away."
###chapter2096
Chapter 2096
Justin's heart raced as he listened quietly.
"If my proposal goes well tonight, we'll register our marriage first thing tomorrow morning."
Asher, who was usually calm and composed, now spoke with a hint of giddiness. His voice slightly quivered as he tried to contain his joy. "With same-sex marriage being legal in Botvia, this is the perfect time for us to do it."
"Congratulations, Asher," Justin said, his voice deep with a touch of jealousy.
"I've been thinking about this for a while now, but I wasn't sure who I could talk to about it, not even Bella -it just didn't feel right."
Asher couldn't help but let out a bitter laugh. "After thinking it over, you were the only one I felt I could open up to."
"I feel so honored to be the first one you shared this good news with," Justin said. He smiled faintly and continued, "Asher, I genuinely wish you and Arnold a lifetime of happiness together."
"Thank you; we'll be happy. And I hope you and Bella will be too." Asher nudged him gently. "Even Ryan has settled down. When are you going to marry my sister, brother-in-law?"
Justin hid the ring box inside his jacket, his heart pounding as he made his way toward Wyatt's room.
"It's wonderful! Truly wonderful, Amelia! I'm so happy!"
Justin froze mid-step, quickly hiding behind a potted plant.
The moonlight filtered softly through the window, casting a warm glow over the couple as they embraced tenderly. It was a scene of timeless romance.
Steven held Amelia close, his kisses gentle as he trailed them from her forehead to her flushed cheeks and finally to her lips. His touch was tender and careful, as if he wanted to become one with her.
Amelia, who loved him deeply, couldn't help but succumb to Steven's passionate embrace as her voice trailed off in soft, breathy murmurs.
"Steve...." Her eyes were red and teary, yet somehow still captivating.
"I'm going to be a father, Amelia! I'm going to be a father!" Steven's voice trembled with excitement as he pulled her closer. "Don't worry, Amelia. I'll protect you and our child with all my might. I'll make sure both of you live a good life! It's getting late now, but first thing tomorrow morning, I'll formally ask your father for your hand in marriage!"
"There's no need to rush," Amelia replied, her face slightly pale. "Mom and Bella are already talking to Dad about it in his room. They're trying to get him comfortable with the idea to avoid stressing him out."
"No matter what, even if your father doesn't agree, I'm still going to marry you," Steven said, his heart racing and his eyes turning red. "Without you, my life would be meaningless."
"After everything we've been through, Dad knows how deeply you care for me. Even if you've cut ties with the Lovett family and your parents can't come to ask for my hand in person, he won't hold it against you," Amelia replied.
Amelia bit her lip, her gaze sorrowful as she gently touched her stomach. "But we're not married yet, and I'm not ready to be a mother. I'm scared I won't be able to handle it. I'm worried I can't take care of you or
our child properly."
"Don't be afraid. I'll be right here," Steven said, guilt swelling in his chest as he thought about how busy he'd been, not even preparing a proper proposal. His voice grew husky. "I'll take care of you and our child."
"How is that possible? You're so busy..."
"No worries, no worries. I'm an expert at multitasking!" Steven said reassuringly. "If you don't want to breastfeed, we'll just use formula milk. From now on, I'll take care of the diaper changes, bottle feeding, and putting the baby to sleep. You don't have to lift a finger! And when the baby's a little older, we'll hire a nanny. The nanny can take care of the baby, and you can keep an eye on the nanny. It'll be stress-free."
"I don't think that'll work for me," Amelia said, shaking her head. "I've heard my mom say that giving birth is like staring death in the face, and after becoming a mother, you lose yourself completely." Steven gently stroked her dark hair, his heart aching. "I know the next several months will be tough on you as you carry our child. I'm saddened that I can't fully share the pain and difficulty with you. But when our baby is finally born, I'll make it up to you in every way I can. Please, my dear wife, I know this year will be difficult, but please bear with it. I promise that for the rest of our lives, I'll take care of you and our child."
His heartfelt words finally put Amelia's mind at ease. Her eyes sparkled like two radiant pearls, filled with hope for a happy future.
Justin's lips curled into a satisfied smile. He didn't want to disturb them, so he quietly slipped away.
As he reached the door of the room, Celeste happened to step out and looked at him in surprise.
"Justin? What brings you here?"
"Aunt Celeste, is Bella inside?" Justin's voice was deep and steady.
"She's talking to her father. Is something the matter?"
"Nothing much... I just wanted to check in and see how Uncle Wyatt is doing." Despite his usual composure, he could not help the slight tremor in his voice.
"Then you'd better go in quickly, or Wyatt will be off to bed soon." Celeste couldn't help but notice how different Justin seemed tonight. She took a closer look, then smiled, her eyes brightening. "Oh, you're dressed so handsomely! It's been a long time since I've seen such fine craftsmanship."
"Bella made this for me. It's my favorite," Justin said, standing tall with pride.
"Ah, that explains it. Bella's skills are exceptional," Celeste said with a soft sigh. "I've tried making clothes for Wyatt before, and it's really hard work. Bella has never made anything for her brothers. It's clear how much she cares for you. She must have poured her whole heart into this."
"Yes..." Justin's voice grew thick with emotion, a warm feeling swelling in his throat.
After Celeste left, the door cracked open as he slowly pushed it open.
He could hear the faint murmurs of a conversation between Wyatt and Bella coming from the inner room.
Justin followed the voices, about to knock, when he heard Wyatt's gentle voice. "Bella, Carrie is now married, and your younger sister is expecting Steven's child. They need to get married soon too. What about you and Justin? When do you two plan on getting married?"
Justin's heart pounded like a drum as he held his breath.
After a brief silence, Bella replied in a gentle yet firm tone. "Dad, I... I don't want to get married just yet."
###chapter2097
Chapter 2097
In an instant, Justin felt like his heart was about to burst out of his chest. His large hand on the doorframe suddenly clenched tightly.
"Why?" Wyatt was utterly baffled. "Justin is already the best version of himself, thanks to you. You two have a solid relationship and have been living together for so long. Why not just make it official with a marriage certificate? That would legitimize everything and make things a lot easier to manage."
Bella pursed her lips and said, "Justin and I don't need a marriage certificate to validate our relationship."
"How could it not matter? In my opinion, the most concrete expression of love is giving the person you love irreplaceable status!"
Wyatt's eyes lit up, and his emotions stirred. "I've only registered for marriage with your mother, and she was the only special person in my heart. She was the true matron of the Thompson household. Even though your mother has been gone for many years, her place in my heart has never changed; she will always be my wife!
"Now, when you're out, people will only call you Ms. Thompson or Mr. Salvador's girlfriend. You love Justin so much; don't you want to be rightfully known as Mrs. Salvador? Isn't that what you've been longing for?"
Bella lowered her gaze, remaining silent.
"Bella, are you bothered by the fact that you two were once divorced? Is there any lingering resentment in your heart?" Wyatt asked worriedly.
Justin's heart ached with pain. He wasn't sure if Bella's wounds had healed, but he knew his had not.
He felt anxious, upset, regretful, and guilty. He had hurt the woman he loved most, an injury he could never get over in his lifetime.
It was a deep, penetrating wound that struck him to the core.
He did not dare fool himself into thinking Bella had forgotten. Her silence and lack of mention did not mean she had forgotten.
"No, Dad. I stopped blaming him a long time ago. And you know me--I can endure physical pain, but I can't stand even a bit of emotional pain. So, please don't overthink it. The reason I don't want to get married now is because there's still something major on my mind, and that's Christopher."
Bella's gaze turned cold. "As long as that guy is still a threat, I can't find any peace of mind. I can barely sleep or eat properly. Plus, I know he's lying low now because Justin and I haven't taken our relationship further. But I know him too well. If I were to marry Justin, it would really set him off. Just wait and see, Dad. Christopher will definitely come after the Salvador Corporation and KS Group. He won't hold back against my friends and family just because he supposedly likes me."
She continued, "Christopher is like a venomous snake lurking in the shadows, waiting for the right moment to strike. When provoked or when the time is right, he'll strike and deliver a deadly bite to his prey's throat. Ryan and Carrie have gone through so much to be together. I don't want our families, or anyone around us, to suffer any more harm right now."
As Justin listened from the hallway, he was deeply moved by Bella's words, gaining a newfound respect for his beloved.
He realized she had a level of vision, wisdom, and foresight that surpassed his own. All Justin knew was that he deeply wanted to resolve their relationship, give Bella the rightful status she deserved, and make
up for her past regrets.
However, he had not considered that making a big move now could provoke that crazy bastard Christopher to retaliate violently and without mercy.
Even if they were to have a secret wedding, Christopher would surely find out, given his capabilities.
Besides, this time, Justin wanted the grandest wedding. He would not let her deal with the disrespect and lack of dignity that came with a secret marriage.
"Bella, I'm impressed by how deeply and far ahead you think. I'm getting old, and I can't match your foresight anymore." Wyatt sighed deeply, finally accepting the situation. "In that case, you and Justin should take your time and plan this carefully. But from what I see, that boy, Justin, is completely smitten with you. Even if you two don't get the official certificate, he's not going anywhere!"
"Heh, he wouldn't dare!" Bella knelt by her father's side, gently massaging his legs. "If he tries to leave, I'll catch him and break both of his legs!"
Wyatt chuckled. "Why does that sound like something I used to say about your fourth brother?" "What's the difference? Men need to be kept in check, or else they'll get carried away."
The father and daughter exchanged a knowing smile.
Justin smiled quietly and retreated to give Bella and her father some privacy. Still, he couldn't help feeling a tinge of disappointment.
He understood Bella's worries, but deep down, he longed so much to make her his wife. After all, he loved her dearly.
Once Justin stepped out, Bella paused for a moment before asking her father softly, "Dad, can I ask you something?"
"Sure, go ahead and ask," Wyatt replied, relaxing back into his chair. "There's no need for formality between us, father and daughter."
"Dad, did you truly love Mom?" Bella asked earnestly.
"Love her? I loved her more than anything, with all my heart," Wyatt answered just as sincerely.
"If you loved her that deeply, why couldn't you just be with her only?" She looked up at him, her face reflecting her confusion.
Wyatt felt like there was a lump in his throat, the veins in his weathered hand on the armchair standing out prominently.
"Of course, Aunt Mila, Aunt Celeste, and Aunt Sasha are all wonderful people. They've been great to Mom, to me, and to my brothers. But I'll admit, I'm a little selfish. I wish Mom didn't have to share her husband with other women. I don't want the love that should have been hers alone to be divided among others." Bella's voice was choked with emotion.
"Bella, I'm sorry," Wyatt said, closing his eyes as tears welled up. "There's something I need you to believe, though I can't explain why..."
###chapter2098
Chapter 2098
Wyatt declared, "I loved your mother deeply. From the moment I saw her, it was a love that would last forever. Even to this day, she's the only one in my heart."
"Dad..."
Wyatt sighed. "When I was sick and felt useless, there was a thought that crossed my mind every day-to give up on treatment and just let go. That way, I could see your mother in heaven sooner."
Bella rested her head on her father's knee, sighing softly.
His ambiguous answers only heightened the confusion in her heart, fueling her desire to uncover the truth about her mother's past.
When Justin returned to the room, he startled Ian.
"Mr. Salvador, you're back so soon? Did you propose to her? Did she say yes?!" Ian asked eagerly.
Justin shook his head somberly. "No, I didn't propose."
"What? Why not?! This was the perfect opportunity!" Ian exclaimed.
"I'll find another time later," Justin said, offering a vague explanation. "I want to be fully prepared for when I propose. Using Ryan and Carrie's special day as an excuse would seem insincere."
Ian pondered this for a moment. "Sigh... You're probably right."
Looking at his tall, imposing reflection in the mirror, Justin recalled Celeste's compliment on his suit. Feeling revitalized, he smiled contentedly.
"There's plenty of time. I'm bound to Bella in this lifetime. No matter what, she's not going anywhere."
The night before, Asher had told Arnold about an exclusive wine-tasting event happening the next morning.
The event would feature rare and exclusive wines that were hard to find elsewhere. He wanted to attend the event with Arnold.
As a wine connoisseur, Arnold was delighted and went to bed early in anticipation.
The next morning, he was awoken by the alarm clock, but Asher was not beside him.
"Asher? Asher?"
Arnold rubbed his sleepy eyes when his phone suddenly buzzed. It was a message from Asher.
[Asher: My father called me over for something. I've already prepared everything. Breakfast is in the living room. I cooked it myself.]
Arnold smiled, feeling a sweet surge of joy in his heart.
[Arnold: Does your dad need my help with anything?]
[Asher: No, he's fine. Also, I've left an outfit for you to wear to the wine-tasting event in the living room. They won't let you in without formal attire. Eat well and get dressed. I'll be back to pick you up shortly.]
Arnold squinted his eyes, sending a "kissing" emoji before getting out of bed and heading to the living
room.
On the coffee table, a lavish breakfast spread awaited him.
However, what truly caught his eye was the outfit Asher had laid out for him. It was a pure white suit, complete with a bow tie, lapel pin, and carefully selected shoes.
It was incredibly thoughtful.
After washing up, Arnold ate breakfast first, fearing he might dirty the suit. Then he changed into the outfit, piece by piece.
Looking at the elegantly dressed figure in the mirror, he felt a strange, almost surreal sensation.
This outfit seemed less like what one would wear to an event and more like what a groom would wear. Just then, Asher messaged him. [Are you ready, Arnold? I'm outside.]
Despite only being apart for the morning, Arnold found himself overwhelmed with longing and rushed to the door.
Outside, Asher was standing by the railing, looking at him with a warm, tender smile. He was not dressed up, just wearing a thick black coat that made him seem even taller and more imposing, with a hint of reserved composure about him.
But only Arnold, his little fox, knew how passionate and expressive the usually poised and disciplined eldest Thompson son could be.
"What's all this about?" Arnold pouted as he walked over, taking his hand. "I'm the only one dressed up like this-it feels weird."
"It's not weird. I like it."
Asher gazed at him deeply, his eyes fixed on Arnold as if unable to look away. He bent his muscular arm slightly. "Shall we go, my little fox?"
Arnold narrowed his long, fox-like eyes and obediently linked his arm with Asher's, ready to leave together.
###chapter2099
Chapter 2099
The sky was clear and blue.
After what felt like an eternity, the luxurious car finally came to a stop outside a private manor.
"We're here," Asher said, leaning over to unfasten Arnold's seatbelt. His strong, muscular frame enveloped Arnold, surrounding him in a cozy warmth, better than any heater.
Arnold blinked in surprise. "Why is it so quiet? Did we come to the wrong place?"
He was an incredibly sharp person, but in front of his lover, his mind would slow down, leaving him utterly smitten and easily swayed.
"No, we're just early. Let's go." Asher got out of the car first, then went around to open the door for Arnold, causing Arnold to chuckle softly.
Arnold squinted his long, narrow eyes at Asher. "Why are you being so attentive, hmm? You know the old saying that when someone is overly attentive without reason, they're either up to no good or plotting something, Mr. Thompson."
Asher took Arnold's hand, pulling him out of the car. With a sudden tug, he drew Arnold close until their bodies were pressed tightly together, as if trying to merge into one.
"Do I really seem that untrustworthy?" Asher's warm breath teased Arnold's ear. "Calling you a little fox isn't wrong at all, with all the mischievous thoughts running through that head of yours."
Arnold's fair, porcelain-like skin turned red, his ears burning as he softly murmured, "It's not that... It's just that, for as long as I can remember, I've always been the one getting played in relationships. Now that someone is treating me so well, I'm overjoyed and so blessed. But sometimes... It all feels a little too good to be true."
Asher's hand on Arnold's waist trembled slightly, his heart aching.
Truth be told, even before fully committing to their relationship, Asher had already sent people to Meridan to thoroughly investigate everything about Arnold. It was not out of a lack of trust; he just wanted to learn more about him.
What he discovered surprised him—this man, who seemed so experienced and like a playboy, was actually the one who got hurt the most and suffered the deepest in every relationship.
Arnold had been cheated out of money, lied to by lovers, and even betrayed by those he trusted.
His little fox seemed to be deeply yearning for love, always chasing after it. Despite being wounded to the core time and again, Arnold would pick himself up and dive wholeheartedly into the next relationship. However, Arnold was a proud and strong-willed individual who cared greatly about his image.
So, he pretended not to care and over time, this facade became his persona as a charming playboy.
Asher had often wondered to himself. 'Was I only attracted to Arnold because of his resemblance to that other person? No, it wasn't.'
Asher was deeply moved by Arnold's unwavering determination and his profound, passionate longing for love.
Arnold was never worried that Asher's heart was barren and desolate. Instead, he had faith that he could make it flourish with roses that were uniquely his own.
"Asher, you're too kind to me," Arnold said, lifting his handsome face with a hint of concern and
vulnerability in his eyes. "You should hold back a bit, or else you'll spoil me."
"I will listen to you about anything," Asher replied, his dark eyes filled with tenderness and his breath became heavier. "Except for this."
Arnold's ears and face turned red. He could not resist kissing Asher's lips, nibbling it gently. They swallowed hard, kissing passionately.
"Alright, it's time. We'll continue later." Asher took Arnold's hand and quickly led him into the manor.
They passed through the grand, classical villa, where two butlers in tailcoats opened a pair of heavy, antique doors for them.
With a gentle thud, Arnold was suddenly enveloped in a sea of white light, his heart pounding so hard that it felt like it might burst from his chest.
Before him lay a vast expanse of white roses, their blossoms undulating like the endless waves of an ocean. Arnold instinctively covered his mouth, utterly captivated by the sight.
He was so mesmerized that he did not even notice that Asher had disappeared from his side.
Cautiously, Arnold stepped into the flower-filled space, his heart racing uncontrollably as if it might break free from his body.
###chapter2100
Chapter 2100
"Arnold."
Hearing Asher's gentle, familiar voice, Arnold turned around with tears welling up in his eyes.
Just a few steps away, Asher stood there in a matching black suit, emanating an air of poise and charisma. He had been hiding it under his coat the whole time, unveiling it only now.
At that moment, Arnold, despite his obliviousness or innocence, finally grasped the situation. Filled with excitement, he let out a gasp, "Ah!"
At that moment, a magnificent display of daytime fireworks illuminated the sky, stunning and magnificent.
"Will you marry me? Of all the roses, none have captivated my heart the way you have," Asher said tenderly. He walked toward Arnold slowly, his voice emotional and irresistibly alluring.
In the next instant, Asher got down on one knee, presenting a bouquet of vibrant red roses with both hands.
"Arnold, I love you. Will you marry me?"
The sky erupted in a dazzling fireworks display, with the entire city witnessing this romantic moment. Tears welled up in Arnold's eyes and rolled down his cheeks as he stood before the one he loved most. In front of the person he loved the most, he wept, becoming a beautiful, tearful mess.
"Yes," Arnold replied, trembling with joy as he accepted the roses. He could not stop crying, and his words were choked by sobs.
But that single "yes" meant more to Asher than a thousand words. Asher was so excited that his breath became heavy and his eyes turned red as he pulled the tearful Arnold into his embrace. "I was right, wasn't I? Whatever others have, you will have too."
"Why... Why are all the roses white?" Arnold asked in a trembling voice.
"For Ryan's wedding, they used red roses. I was afraid that if I used red again, you might think I was just reusing leftover flowers to make do." Asher then gently pulled out a silk handkerchief from his pocket and tenderly wiped away Arnold's tears.
"Pft..." Arnold managed to laugh through his tears.
Asher continued, "But the most important reason is that when I see white roses, they remind me of you in your white lab coat."
He kissed Arnold's ear, his breath hot and tantalizing as he whispered into his ear, "But you're far more beautiful than any flower. I know that best."
This man, so regal and composed, could be utterly intoxicating and irresistible when he wanted to be.
He really did not care about Arnold's sanity at times like this!
Just then, their phones started buzzing nonstop, with WhatsApp notifications and calls flooding in. Their families were trying to reach them.
"Should we answer?" Arnold asked softly.
Asher turned off his phone with a smirk, his dark eyes curving playfully. "No. I've booked a presidential suite at a six-star hotel for tonight. We're not going home."
Upon hearing this, Arnold blushed, feeling his cheeks burning. What Asher planned perfectly matched his own desires.
After a sumptuous lunch, Asher held Arnold close as they walked out of the manor, heading toward the car. That afternoon, Asher planned to take his new fiancé on a leisurely tour. Asher had been so busy preparing for the proposal that he had not had time to properly show Arnold around.
Love often came with a sense of indebtedness.
Asher made sure Arnold was safely inside the car first and was about to open the door when suddenly he felt a shiver run down his spine.
"Asher, what's wrong?" Arnold poked his head out to check on him.
"No, it's all good," Asher replied with a gentle smile, lowering his body as he got into the car.
The engine roared to life, and the sports car sped away, leaving a cloud of dust behind.
After some time, a figure crept out from the bushes, staring coldly at the direction they had gone. With a scornful sneer, that person crushed a fallen white rose under his feet.
###chapter2101
Chapter 2101
The news of Asher and Arnold's proposal in Botvia quickly spread. Within a day, the entire family knew.
Although everyone had already accepted that Arnold would be joining the Thompson family, the fact that two men were getting married still shocked them.
The next evening, Asher and Arnold, hand in hand, came to see their father and Aunt Mila. Bella and the other Thompson family members hurried over, fearing that the couple might face harsh questioning.
"Why did you two keep something this big from me and your Aunt Mila?"
As expected, Wyatt's expression was stern, and his voice carried a hint of displeasure.
Arnold, standing beside his man, suddenly seemed to shrink. He did not dare to take a deep breath, tightly gripping Asher's hand, resembling a bashful new bride.
"Dad, Aunt Mila, it was all my idea." Asher stood tall, fingers interlocked with his lover's, his words protective. "I arranged everything without Arnold knowing. Even up until the moment I proposed, he was unaware of what I was doing. If there is anyone to blame, blame me. Don't blame him. But there is one thing that cannot be changed."
He turned to gaze deeply at Arnold's flushed, handsome face, each word heavy with meaning. "Arnold and I are already married. He is the love of my life."
"Congratulations, Ash! Congratulations!" Bella immediately took on the role of the mood-maker, clapping enthusiastically, hoping to prevent Wyatt from voicing any further ions. As she clapped, she nudged Justin beside her, urging him with her eyes. Justin quickly joined in the applause, following her lead.
Wyatt rubbed his brow in frustration, his expression revealing a deep sadness. "Ash, do you not trust me? Do you not believe that I have fully accepted Arnold?"
The room fell silent as the couple froze in place.
"You hid this from all of us, kept it a secret, and even caused such a commotion yesterday, yet you did not dare bring Arnold home. Do you still think your father disapproves of your relationship?" Wyatt's voice grew more emotional, his eyes slightly reddening.
Asher was momentarily lost for words. "Dad, that's not what I meant..."
"This is a lifelong commitment, not just for you but for Arnold as well!" Wyatt slapped the armrest of the sofa, his face reddening with emotion. "You handled it so carelessly? You didn't even give him a proper wedding, and you just got married? Do boys not deserve dignity? I used to think that among my sons, you, Ash, were the most thoughtful and considerate. But now I see you are not even as good as your second brother!"
Axel held his head. "I can't believe this! Even when he's scolding Ash, Dad can't resist taking a jab at me!" Asher and Arnold were stunned into silence. The others were equally speechless.
Mila smiled helplessly and spoke in a warm, earnest tone. "Ash, you misunderstood your father. He knew you proposed to Arnold and got married, and he is genuinely happy for both of you."
Asher's heart tightened as he looked at his father with guilt in his eyes.
"Wyatt was worried that Arnold might feel neglected. He hoped that with everyone finally together, the family could help you more. Who would have thought you, such a stubborn child, would keep your own father completely in the dark and go ahead on your own? I think your father has every right to be upset.
Even I'm a little mad. You whisked away my dear nephew without even a word!" Mila pretended to scold him, but she was actually quite pleased.
"Dad, Aunt Mila..." Arnold's voice choked up as he lowered his head, feeling embarrassed.
Bella watched as she leaned on Justin's shoulder, nearly moved to tears.
In fact, Asher had always been the type to quietly accomplish great things.
His reserved nature and diligent work ethic were his defining traits. Because of this, when Bella chose not to pursue a career as a strong, independent woman, it was Asher who supported KS Group's prosperity. After all, he was the most suitable heir and a natural leader, even though it was not his heart's desire. The one thing that truly satisfied him in life was marrying Arnold.
Wyatt waved his hand with a sigh. "Sigh, since Arnold has already called me 'Dad', I'll let you off this time. But this act first, report later nonsense had better not happen again!"
###chapter2102
Chapter 2102
"Sorry, Dad," Asher said with a furrowed brow and a wry smile.
"Ash, Arnold, when are you holding the wedding?" Axel asked, prompting everyone to chime in excitedly. The atmosphere became lively again.
"I don't need a wedding. The proposal Ash gave me was already perfect." Arnold's narrow eyes sparkled like stars as he gazed lovingly at his partner. "I feel happy, and that's enough."
The union of Asher and Arnold was truly a match made in heaven.
Joyful times passed quickly.
Except for the newlyweds, who stayed at the estate to enjoy a long and sweet honeymoon, everyone else gradually returned to Savrow and Hatchbay.
Princess Annabeth also sensibly returned to Sentania with Camilla after bidding farewell to everyone. She did not look at Declan even once from the time she left the estate.
The news from that night had been earth-shattering for her, like a bolt of lightning.
The mere thought that Declan's mother's misfortune might be connected to her family left her too terrified to face the man she loved. She left with her head hanging low, like a wilted flower.
Bella silently observed this, then glanced at her sorrowful third brother, feeling a deep discomfort in her heart.
Love could make people foolish, intoxicated, and painfully heartbroken.
Though she had only spent a few days with Annabeth, Bella had already accepted her as a beloved little sister. She even thought about visiting Sentania once the troubles in Savrow were settled.
Perhaps with the help of Camilla and her brother-in-law, she could see Annabeth again.
More importantly, she wanted to step into her mother's homeland and search for any clues about her mother.
After returning to Savrow, Bella and Justin rested for two days before diving back into their busy work, ready for action at any moment.
Even while they were in Botvia, they had kept a close watch on the situation back home, not letting down their guard for a second.
Today, Bella led the company's executives in a day-long meeting. In the evening, as she reviewed documents in her office, Steven knocked on the door and entered.
"How's the situation?" Bella asked immediately.
"Ms. Bella, you truly have foresight. Ever since Mr. Salvador privately met with Deputy Chief Hopkins, his entire lifestyle has undergone a dramatic change!" Steven's eyes shone with excitement as he spoke rapidly.
Bella sighed lightly, raising her beautiful eyes to look at him as if he were a fool.
"Who asked you about that? I was asking about Amelia and the baby. How are they?"
Steven froze, his face turning red as he stammered, "Ah... Y-Yesterday, I accompanied Amelia to the hospital for a check-up. The fetus is now two months old and very healthy."
"You really are clueless. Amelia has been pregnant for two months, and you only just found out." Bella could not help but roll her eyes at him. "If I had not noticed Amelia secretly having morning sickness and figured out she was pregnant, you would probably have thought she was just gaining weight as her belly grew bigger every day!"
"It's all my fault. I deserve to be punished," Steven said, feeling guilty enough to want to slap himself. Never mind, when he got home, he would let his wife do it.
"Even though she's two months along, you still need to be extra careful. Don't let Amelia fall or get hurt, and be especially mindful of her diet. Understand?" Bella warned him earnestly.
"Absolutely, absolutely! Please don't worry, Ms. Bella. Amelia and the baby are my everything!" Steven vowed, barely able to contain his joy.
Bella's long lashes trembled slightly as she lowered her gaze, lost in thought.
Two months...
Back then, the child she had lost had also been in her womb for two months before leaving her forever.
As this thought crossed her mind, she felt a sharp pain in her abdomen.
Pulling herself together, Bella refocused her gaze and said steadily, "You mentioned Deputy Chief Hopkins earlier. Continue."
###chapter2103
Chapter 2103
Steven temporarily set aside thoughts of his beloved wife and refocused on work.
"Ever since we left for Botvia, Deputy Chief Hopkins hasn't returned home at all. He's been staying at his workplace, having his subordinates run errands for him. He's practically cut himself off from the world." Bella's almond-shaped eyes grew increasingly somber. "He hasn't visited his wife either?"
"Not once," Steven replied, furrowing his brow in disbelief. "The more I think about it, the stranger it seems."
Bella skillfully twirled a pen in her slender fingers, her gaze unreadable. "It isn't strange. Deputy Chief Hopkins is highly perceptive. He must have realized that he's in a dangerous position. Any reckless move could cost him his life."
Steven was taken aback. "Ms. Bella, you mean..."
"Christopher has probably already made plans to take him out," Bella said, gripping the pen tightly, her knuckles turning white. "It's also possible that he's already made an attempt, and Deputy Chief Hopkins narrowly escaped death. That's why he's now taking such extreme precautions and staying locked inside. There's also no place safer than the police department."
Bella continued, "No matter how ruthless Christopher is, he wouldn't dare send someone there to finish the job-that would be walking right into a trap."
Steven's heart raced as he quickly responded, "Ms. Bella, Deputy Chief Hopkins must stay alive! He's our only lead to bring down Christopher! If Christopher intends to silence him, then this is a critical moment."
"As long as Deputy Chief Hopkins hides, Christopher can't touch him, but we can't get to him either," Bella said, interlocking her fingers and resting them under her pointed chin, her gaze deep. "That's why we need to get Deputy Chief Hopkins to step out of the police department."
Steven scratched his head in confusion. "But Ms. Bella, wouldn't that just give Christopher the opportunity he's waiting for?"
"We're on the same playing field," Bella replied, her gaze warming, a faint smile spreading across her lips. "If he has a chance, so do I. I trust Justin-no matter how slim the opportunity, he'll seize it."
Just as she finished speaking, Justin's call came through.
"Justin, how's it going? Have you arrived in Dawnford?" Bella's voice was soft and light, like a cheerful
bird.
"I'm here now, heading to the meeting site," Justin replied, his tone urgent. "Uncle Matt just called me. He said that ever since Grandpa returned from Botvia, he hasn't been feeling well. He hasn't eaten anything all day. Could you take him to the hospital?"
"Justin, what kind of tone is that?" Bella exclaimed, her eyes widening in mock anger. "Is he not my grandpa too? Taking care of him is my duty. Why are you being so formal?"
"Bella, you've been working hard for days, and you still have to oversee things at KS Group. I'm just worried you're stretching yourself thin," Justin said with a helpless smile, having no argument against his wife's reprimand.
"I'm not tired. As long as it's for family, I have endless energy!" Bella sighed softly, her tone turning gentle. "All right, I'll take Grandpa Nigel to the hospital right away. You focus on work. I'll handle things at home."
Steven quickly prepared the car, and they rushed to Savrow. After picking up Nigel and Matt from Crescent Bay, the four of them headed to the hospital.
In the VIP treatment unit, Nigel lay pale against the headboard, an IV drip in his arm. Bella sat by the bed, gently helping him drink some water.
"Bella... I'm sorry to trouble you to come all the way back from Hatchbay just to take me to the hospital," Nigel said, his eyes moist with emotion.
"Grandpa Nigel, this isn't any trouble at all. I was planning to visit you anyway," Bella reassured him, her eyes glowing with a clear, soft light. "I spoke with the doctor. You just haven't been resting well these past few days, and you haven't adjusted to the time difference. You aren't eating properly, so your stomach's a bit upset. It's nothing serious. Don't worry."
###chapter2104
"Ah, I'm getting old and losing my touch." Nigel muttered, pouting like a disappointed child. "I attended my precious granddaughter's wedding, and now I'm stuck in bed. How embarrassing."
"Not at all, Grandpa Nigel. You're still strong, and you'll live a long and healthy life." Bella gently squeezed his rough, weathered hand, feeling a pang of guilt in her chest. She knew that he was too old to handle the strain anymore. If it had not been for Carrie's wedding, she would never have let Nigel make such a tiring journey.
"Bella, this past year, I've felt my body weakening more and more. Sometimes at night, when I go to sleep, I wonder if I'll wake up in the morning." Nigel's voice was thick with emotion as he spoke. "In my remaining years, I have only one wish, which is to attend your wedding with Justin."
"Grandpa Nigel..." Bella's eyes welled up with tears.
"Back then, I decided you two should be together, but I didn't even arrange a proper wedding for you. You've endured so much. Now that your relationship has stabilized, I want to make up for it as much as I can, so you won't have any regrets."
"Grandpa Nigel, the wedding will happen." Bella smiled warmly, trying to comfort him. "But things are chaotic on my side too. I've just taken over as CEO of KS Group, and my father is still unwell. Once things settle down, we'll start planning the wedding."
"Has that good-for-nothing Justin still not proposed to you?!" Nigel exclaimed, pounding the bed in frustration. "What's that idiot thinking every day? He doesn't take care of anything important! Just wait until he gets back-I'll skin him!"
"Grandpa Nigel, Justin has already proposed," Bella lied, not wanting to upset Nigel any further.
"Really? When?!" Nigel's dim eyes suddenly sparkled.
"When we were in Botvia," Bella replied quickly.
"There wasn't any fuss about it..." Nigel grumbled.
"Haha, what's the need for a big fuss? We didn't want to steal the spotlight from Ryan and Carrie," Bella said with a bright laugh.
"Ah, but your older brother certainly made a fuss-his proposal was more creative than my granddaughter-in-law's," Nigel murmured, smacking his lips meaningfully.
Bella nearly cringed out of embarrassment.
After Nigel fell asleep, Bella quietly left the room, letting Matt take over. Her stomach growled with hunger, so she decided to grab a bite at the hospital cafeteria. But before she could leave, Steven approached with a serious expression.
"Ms. Bella, guess who I just saw?"
"Who? Surely not Christopher; our luck can't be that bad, right?" Bella replied casually, taking a long gulp
of mineral water.
Steven's face darkened. "It really was."
"Pfft!" Bella choked, spitting out her water and turning bright red from coughing.
Steven wanted to help by patting her back, but he restrained himself, following his moral code. Instead, he
handed her a tissue.
"But I didn't see Christopher himself. I ran into his secretary heading toward the VIP ward."
"Taylor?" Bella asked, wiping her lips, her eyes narrowing.
"Yeah, that slimy bastard."
Steven gritted his teeth. "He's always attached to Christopher like a parasite. If he's here, Christopher must be too. I took a peek. Whatever's going on, they're guarding that area tight as a drum. Maybe Christopher's got some disease he doesn't want anyone to know about. The Iverson family's bodyguards have locked down the southern wing so tight that not even a fly could get in."
Bella's eyes glinted with a cold, sharp light. She shoved the water bottle into Steven's hands.
"Is that so? Well, it seems I must pay my 'old friend' a visit," Bella said, her tone laced with icy determination.
###chapter2105
Chapter 2105
Accompanied by Steven, Bella approached the inpatient wing on the southern side of the hospital.
As expected, the area was heavily guarded, almost impenetrable. Bella exchanged a glance with Steven, who understood immediately. He stepped forward, only to be coldly stopped by two of Christopher's
bodyguards.
"You're not allowed in here!"
"I'm the secretary to the CEO of the KS Group," Steven replied icily, though he could barely contain his disgust. "Ms. Thompson heard that Mr. Iverson is ill and staying here, so she came to pay him a visit."
The two bodyguards exchanged uneasy looks. They certainly recognized Bella, but Christopher's orders were absolute, and disobeying them could mean death. So, they had no choice but to politely decline. "Sorry, Ms. Thompson, but we're just following orders..."
Suspicious but unfazed, Bella smiled lightly. "In that case, I won't disturb Mr. Iverson's recovery." "Ms. Thompson!"
Taylor came rushing over, immediately putting on a respectful, ingratiating smile upon seeing Bella. "Are you here to see Mr. Iverson? Please, come in, please!"
"I don't think so." Bella narrowed her cool almond-shaped eyes. "It seems Mr. Iverson wants some peace and quiet to recover and doesn't want to see anyone. I shouldn't impose."
"No, no! You're Ms. Thompson, the person Mr. Iverson values the most! No one else can compare." Taylor panicked, trying desperately to persuade her. "If Mr. Iverson sees you, it will lift his spirits and help him recover much faster!"
Seeing Bella still hesitating, Taylor, now frantic, swung his arm and slapped both bodyguards hard across their faces, scolding them fiercely.
"You idiots! Don't you know how close Mr. Iverson and Ms. Thompson are?! How dare you stop her? What's wrong with you?!"
Steven felt a wave of nausea at the display.
Just then, with a soft thud, a white medicine box fell out of Taylor's trouser pocket. Bella, quick to react, bent down and picked it up before he could. Her eyes darkened as she read the label-Diazepam.
Taylor's expression changed subtly, but he did not dare snatch the box from her.
"Taylor, what exactly is wrong with President Iverson that requires such tight security?" Bella asked coldly, handing the box back to him.
"Ah, it's just acute appendicitis." Taylor quickly put the box away, sighing dramatically. "Since taking over, Mr. Iverson has been overwhelmed with work, leading to various health issues. It's really heartbreaking to see."
Bella's gaze sharpened. "Acute appendicitis requires Diazepam?"
"Ah, this medicine isn't for President Iverson. It's for my mother." Taylor chuckled nervously, stepping aside to let her pass. "Please, Ms. Thompson, go ahead."
Bella's lips curved into a slight, knowing smile as she walked gracefully inside, her slender legs carrying
her forward.
As Steven moved to follow, Taylor blocked him. "Mr. Iverson only wishes to see Ms. Thompson. No one
else."
Steven gritted his teeth in frustration, his eyes full of concern as he watched Bella enter alone. "Steve, wait for me here. I'll be quick," Bella said calmly, her voice steady as she walked in.
When Bella entered the room, Christopher was sitting up in bed, dressed in a blue and white striped hospital gown, reviewing documents. The moment he saw the person he had been thinking about, his eyes curved into a warm smile, deep and genuine.
"Bella, you're here!" Christopher welcomed her.
Bella's face remained icy, keeping a deliberate distance. The mere thought of being near him made her feel sick, as if even sharing the same air was unbearable.
But she had no choice. She had to approach this dangerous man.
Only by getting close could she uncover the truth.
The soft, misty sunlight cast a gentle glow on Christopher's pale, refined features, making him look like a painting full of poetic grace and charm.
He had always been an exceptionally beautiful man.
###chapter2106
Chapter 2106
For those who did not know Christopher, it would be impossible to associate him with words as extreme as 'viper', 'beast' or 'demon'.
Bella slowly stepped to his bedside, her eyes cold and scrutinizing as she observed him.
"Bella, I'm sick..." Christopher's reddened eyes betrayed his vulnerability. He could not hold it in any longer and reached out to grab her hand.
Bella did not give him the chance. She immediately stepped out of reach and frowned at him.
"What a shame." She curled her lips into a mocking smile. "You are only sick, not dead."
After a pause, Christopher leaned back against the headboard, his gaze tender and lingering. "Bella, I won't die so easily. If I were to die, I would never be able to see you again."
Bella let out a cold laugh, her fist clenched tightly.
"I went through hell and back just to return from Sentania and see you. All these years, the only thing keeping me alive was you. So, for you, I must live a long life."
Bella stared at him with contempt.
"If you truly cared about me, you would listen to me. Lay down your weapons and surrender immediately." Christopher's smile remained unshaken.
"From the beginning, it was never about me. It was always about you. The only reason you crawled out of the gutter and rose to your current position was because of your incessant greed that can never be satisfied." Bella's words sliced through the facade he wore.
Christopher tilted his head, considering her with interest. His gaze held a deep admiration for her.
"Christopher, to be honest, sometimes I truly do fear something bad might happen to you. If that were to ever happen, I would be robbed of the opportunity to catch you with my own hands. I wouldn't be able to see you face justice for all the things you've done. I wouldn't be able to avenge all those innocent lives you've destroyed!"
Before she could finish, Christopher's clammy hand grasped her wrist. She struggled to free herself, but he held firm for a supposedly ill man.
"Let go of me!"
During the scuffle, the sleeve of his hospital gown slipped, revealing a line of small, bruised needle marks on his arm. While Bella stared, distracted, he pressed the hilt of a fruit knife into her palm.
"Bella, no one can punish me, not even the law. Only you hold that power." Christopher smiled, his eyes burning with a crazed intensity. "I know killing me is what you've dreamed of. I'm giving you this chance now. Go ahead, stab me wherever you like. As long as it pleases you, as long as it makes you happy, I don't care what happens to me."
"You truly are insane!" She threw off his hand, tossed the knife aside, and left without looking back.
Christopher's eyes darkened, but the smile on his lips remained, a mad mix between obsession and affection.
"Mr. Iverson!" Taylor rushed into the room, his voice full of concern. "Are you and Ms. Thompson all right?"
"Why was Bella here?" Christopher's tone was cold. The tender warmth he had shown to Bella was gone, replaced by a chilled detachment.
"I just checked. Old Master Nigel's health took a turn, and Ms. Thompson came with him to the hospital. Don't worry, we've made sure the attending physician won't say a word. There's no way anyone will leak anything!" Taylor assured him.
"Good." Christopher relaxed, closing his eyes. He rubbed the tips of his fingers together, savoring the lingering sensation of her touch, reluctant to let go of the warmth she brought him.
"Mr. Iverson, there's one more thing." Taylor lowered his voice. "Deputy Chief Hopkins has been staying in his office, so we haven't had any opportunity to move against him. What do you suggest we do?"
"Find a way to lure him out." Christopher chuckled. "After all, who knows his weaknesses better than we do?"
###chapter2107
Chapter 2107
After receiving his IV treatment, Nigel's condition stabilized. He slept peacefully at the hospital for the rest of the afternoon. In the evening, Bella escorted him home.
As Bella and Steven were leaving the villa, they ran into Justin, looking disheveled.
"Bella!" Justin surged forward, pulling her into his arms. "You've worked so hard. I tried to hurry, but I still couldn't help with anything."
"Don't say that. Taking care of Grandpa Nigel is also my responsibility." Bella smiled gently. She reached up to his shoulder to massage it lightly.
"I'll go check on Grandpa." Justin took a step forward, but Bella stopped him. "Grandpa Nigel just fell asleep, so let's not disturb him. He's getting old, and the wedding preparations have exhausted him. Let him rest."
"That's true." Justin sighed, feeling guilty.
"Justin." Bella paused, her expression turned serious. "Let's get in the car. I need to talk to you."
The couple got into her car, with Steven sitting in the driver's seat.
"Today, while I was with Grandpa Nigel at the hospital, I ran into Christopher. He's been admitted there."
Justin's eyes widened as he grabbed her hand tightly, his palm hot and clammy. He remained silent, but his concern was palpable.
"Don't worry, I was just being polite and checked in on him. Nothing happened. As they say, nothing ventured, nothing gained."
Bella's brows furrowed. "The main issue is that if Christopher is only suffering from appendicitis, as his secretary claims, then why would they place security around the entire hospital ward like a fortress? It's clear he doesn't want anyone to know he's ill. And another thing, Taylor was carrying Diazepam, but he claimed it was for his mother."
Steven sneered. "We've already investigated his background. He's an orphan! Given his vile nature, he doesn't deserve to even have a mother!"
"I know what Diazepam is," Justin said, his voice deep and serious. "It's also known as Valium, a central nervous system depressant. It's used to treat anxiety, induce sleep, and control seizures and convulsions. When I was in the military, some comrades used it to treat PTSD."
"Could it be that Christopher has epilepsy?" Steven asked, puzzled. "Even if he was sick, so what? He's already wiped out his entire family. There's no one left to threaten his position. What's he afraid of?"
"His condition isn't just any illness. I happened to notice his arm was covered in a grid of needle marks. I have reason to suspect that Christopher has been injecting drugs over a long period of time. He was likely hospitalized due to a serious adverse reaction to prolonged drug use."
Justin and Steven were both stunned.
"That's the only way everything makes sense." Bella let out a cold laugh. "Christopher was involved in the drug trade back when he was in Sentania, and he got hooked on illegal substances after returning to the country. Would a drug kingpin who has been lurking in the shadows for so many years never touch the stuff himself? If we can gather evidence of his drug use, it would not only deal him a heavy blow but also throw the Iverson Group into chaos."
Justin considered what he just heard. "There's one problem. He's in the hospital now, which is heavily
guarded. How can we get evidence of his drug use?"
"Yes, he must be very secretive with his habits. Aside from Taylor, no one else would be allowed in. Even if we report him, we wouldn't have any proof," Steven added, feeling stumped.
"It's precisely because he's in the hospital that we have an opportunity. If he were in his private lair, we'd really have no chance." Bella's smile was both beautiful and cunning, her gaze firm. "Even if we can't get close to him, we can approach his medical staff. There's no such thing as a completely airtight wall. I believe the scales of justice will tip in our favor."
In the end, everything unfolded just as Bella had predicted.
Christopher had indeed been urgently hospitalized due to a severe adverse reaction to the drugs he had been taking. In the past, he had experienced similar episodes. Under the care of his private doctor and by taking sedatives, he had always been able to manage the symptoms.
This time, however, his reaction was unexpectedly severe. He suffered from seizures, broke out in rashes, and even experienced respiratory failure. He was in and out of emergency treatment all day before he stabilized. The severity of the situation required him to seal off any information about his treatment. If word got out, it could only lead to endless trouble.
Now, with the drug trials halted, if he were to face another crisis and drag the Boss down with him, his fate would be sealed-abandoned and purged.
That night, Christopher was discussing matters with Taylor in his hospital room. His face was pale and brooding.
"The smell of the hospital is truly nauseating. When can I finally be discharged?"
"Mr. Iverson, I already asked the doctor. Your sudden attack this time was extremely dangerous. It took a full day of rescue efforts to pull you through." Taylor tried to persuade him. "The doctor said you need to stay in the hospital for at least another week for observation until your condition is fully stabilized. Your health is of the utmost importance. Please listen to the doctor this time. You're the backbone of the Iverson Group!"
"The Iverson Group means nothing to me. What's important is that I don't want the Boss to think I'm useless." Christopher rubbed his furrowed brow, burdened with frustration.
"Even if you're hospitalized, no one would think that. You can rest easy!"
Suddenly, Christopher's jaw tensed, his body went numb, and his arm began to tremble uncontrollably.
"Taylor, the medicine... Give it to me!" His voice trembled, and his eyes were bloodshot.
"Mr. Iverson! Absolutely not!" Taylor's face was pale with fright. "This stuff got you in this position in the first place. You need to quit it now!"
"Give it to me, now!" Christopher roared.
"Mr. Iverson! For the sake of your health, please bear with it! I'm begging you!"
A knock on the door interrupted them.
"Who is it?!" Taylor demanded angrily.
A gentle nurse's voice came from outside the room. "It's time for your medication, Mr. Iverson."
Christopher gritted his teeth, hid his trembling arm under the covers, and signaled for Taylor to open the
door.
###chapter2108
Chapter 2108
Taylor opened the hospital room door with a sullen expression. A smiling, unfamiliar nurse stood outside, holding a tray.
"Hello, Mr. Iverson. It's time for your medication. Delaying it could affect your condition," she said.
"You're not the regular nurse on duty," Taylor remarked warily, scrutinizing her.
"I was just transferred here yesterday. My name is Cece. The previous nurse was in a car accident, and we're short-staffed." Cece explained. "Rest assured, I've signed a confidentiality agreement. I won't reveal anything I'm not supposed to."
"Come in," Taylor responded coldly, stepping aside to let her through.
The nurse entered and placed the tray on the bedside table. Just as she was about to touch Christopher, he spoke in a firm voice. "You're not needed here. My secretary can handle the injection. Leave."
The nurse hesitated at first, then obediently left the room.
The moment she was gone, Christopher could no longer hold himself together. He wrapped his trembling arms together while his facial muscles twitched uncontrollably. "Taylor... I can't take it anymore...!"
Taylor, unable to bear Christopher's suffering, reluctantly administered the medication despite knowing it was akin to drinking poison to quench thirst.
After a while, Christopher's trembling ceased, and his face began to regain some color. Taylor sighed, torn between helplessness and frustration. He found it increasingly difficult to discern whether the mysterious benefactor had truly elevated Mr. Iverson or utterly destroyed him.
"Taylor, take this medication to Dr. Cobb for testing. Also, investigate the background of that new nurse," Christopher ordered, his gaze lingered on the used syringe on the tray.
"Yes, Mr. Iverson, I'll handle it right away." He understood the unspoken command.
Before long, Taylor returned to the room, looking noticeably more relaxed. "Mr. Iverson, the medication has been verified, it's fine, and Cece's background is clean. The previous nurse did indeed get in a car accident and broke her leg,"
"Good, no problems then. You can leave now. I need to rest." Christopher closed his eyes, his mind replaying the visit from Bella earlier. He could still imagine her warmth, and her sweet scent still lingered in the air.
The drugs induced powerful feelings of anxiety and even hallucinations. It was the real reason he could not quit them. He felt as though he was being enveloped in the tender embrace of his beloved Bella. That she was right by his side, caring for him, smiling at him...
"Bella... I really love you. You've always lived in my heart, in my body, and you've never left me."
Even if all she felt for him was hatred, it still brought him a twisted sense of satisfaction.
Late at night, after finishing her shift, the nurse exited the hospital through the back door and got into an ordinary black sedan. Ten minutes later, the car stopped at the entrance of a dark alley.
The nurse hurriedly got out, looked around cautiously, and slipped into a waiting van parked in the alley. "Ms. Thompson!" Cece was thrilled to finally meet Bella, she felt like she was meeting a celebrity, "Wow... You're even more beautiful in person than on TV! You're like a goddess! Cameras don't do you justice!"
Steven, who was sitting in the driver's seat, could not help but chuckle, wholeheartedly agreeing with the sentiment.
"You flatter me, Cece." Bella smiled warmly as she handed over a prepared cup of hot coffee. "Take a break and have some coffee first."
###chapter2109
Chapter 2109
"Don't worry, Ms. Thompson! I'm not tired at all!" Cece vibrated with excitement. "I'm just so happy to meet you! I feel like I have endless energy!"
"I'm glad to see you're alright too," Bella said, taking a deep breath, her eyes filled with concern. "The person I had you approach is extremely dangerous and ruthless. A single mistake could cost you your life."
Cece shook her head gently, her gaze resolute. "I'm not afraid. If I were, I wouldn't have accepted your request when you came to me. My brother and I grew up depending on each other. Ever since he joined Pivotage and became Christopher's bodyguard, he was constantly berated and beaten. Eventually, Christopher beat him so badly that he was left permanently disabled. His right leg is completely ruined! Christopher is a beast in human clothing! He doesn't treat people like human beings; he sees them only as tools for venting his anger!"
Bella gazed at Cece's flushed face, twisted with hatred, and felt deep sympathy for her.
"Now that you've sought me out, I'm willing to do anything to help bring down that monster, even if it means sacrificing myself!" Cece's eyes welled up with tears.
"I don't want you to sacrifice yourself. I want you to take your revenge, then walk away safely and live on. What would your brother do if something happened to you?" Bella felt a sharp pang in her chest.
"Once, there was a girl who died protecting me. That pain is a wound in my heart that will never heal. This time, even though I asked you for help, I won't force you into anything. You can choose to leave at any time. I'll still reward you handsomely. Not only that, but I'll also help treat your brother's leg."
Steven immediately looked proud as he chimed in. "Ms. Bella is an exceptional surgeon, a miracle worker in her field! With her on your brother's case, I guarantee he'll recover!"
Cece's eyes lit up with renewed hope.
"Well, I wouldn't say guaranteed, but I'll do everything I can to help your brother's leg heal to its best possible state," Bella quickly added. "But please don't feel pressured because of this. Regardless of whether we succeed or not, I'll do my utmost to help your brother."
"Thank you, Ms. Thompson. But don't worry about me. Now that I'm involved, I'm committed to seeing this through," Cece replied, unwavering in her resolve.
Bella nodded gratefully. "Today, when you approached Christopher to deliver the medication, you weren't discovered, right?"
"Not yet, but that bastard is incredibly cautious!" Cece frowned deeply. "When he saw I was new, he didn't let me administer the injection. He kicked me out and then had his secretary secretly investigate my background and check if the medication was tampered with. That man is so paranoid!"
Bella let out a cold laugh. "That's to be expected. He wouldn't have survived this long if he wasn't this cautious,"
"But I think he ended up using the medicine I brought, and he didn't give me any further trouble. He probably hasn't discovered my identity yet."
"Even though I created a fake identity for you, and there's no blood relation between you and your brother, Christopher is a highly dangerous man-sharp, cunning, and suspicious-so we can't afford to let our guard down."
Cece and her brother were orphans who grew up together in the same orphanage. During the years her brother worked for the Iverson family, Cece was away studying and working as an intern, so Taylor had
not noticed the deep connection between them. This was precisely why Bella had chosen her-a true stroke of luck.
"So, Ms. Thompson, what do you want me to do next? Poison him or pull the plug?" Cece asked, her face eager and ready for action.
"Not yet." Bella leaned back calmly. "For now, don't do anything. Just deliver his medication on time every day,"
Cece looked puzzled. "With such a good opportunity to get close to him, aren't you eager to make a move?"
"Haste makes waste. Christopher is incredibly suspicious. If we act rashly, all our efforts could be for nothing." Bella's eyes gleamed with determination. "Right now, gaining his trust and getting him to lower his guard is more important than anything else. I have already planned out the rest."
###chapter2110
Chapter 2110
Christopher had been hospitalized for half a month. While Taylor managed the affairs of Iverson Group, the business at Pivotage was beyond his capacity to handle.
No matter how much they distrusted Yvonne, they had no choice but to temporarily entrust the business back to her.
Even under these circumstances, Christopher never ceased monitoring her. Besides going to the bathroom and sleeping, every move she made was under surveillance.
Yvonne could not even step outside the gates of Pivotage. Unable to leave, she had no way to retrieve the crucial evidence Oscar had hidden. If she did not get her hands on it, Oscar's sacrifice would be in vain.
With Christopher currently sidelined, this could be her only chance. Even if it meant risking everything, she had to get that information.
That night, Yvonne dressed inconspicuously, intending to slip out of Pivotage. However, luck was not on her side, as she almost immediately ran into Taylor, who had returned to fetch something for Christopher. In the dimly lit corridor, their eyes met, and the oppressive atmosphere made Yvonne feel suffocated. "Yvonne, where were you going?" Taylor stared at her darkly, like a snake ready to strike at any moment. "I want to go out," Yvonne replied, cold sweat seeping into her clothes, yet her face remained calm. Her honesty caught Taylor off guard, and his words got stuck in his throat.
"Taylor, I know that you and Mr. Iverson don't trust me," Yvonne said. She bit her lip lightly, playing the role of innocence to perfection. "I don't have any other motives for going out tonight. It's just that Mr. Iverson's birthday is coming up. I wanted to get him a gift to show my appreciation."
Taylor gawked at her. He had been so overwhelmed with work lately that if Yvonne hadn't reminded him, he might have completely forgotten about Christopher's birthday.
"Being confined here the past few days has given me a lot of time to think. If it were not for Mr. Iverson reaching out to me all those years ago, pulling me out of hell, I probably wouldn't be in this world today. And you... Taylor, you've watched me grow from a little girl into a woman. You've helped me so much, always treating me like a little sister."
Yvonne walked slowly toward Taylor. Her nose was blotchy and red, her eyes brimming with tears. "If I ever betrayed you both... I would be a fool, not even worthy of being called human. Besides, if Mr. Iverson is well, I have a chance to survive. Otherwise, I'm just a useless woman who knows nothing but how to entertain men-I wouldn't stand a chance."
She tugged at his heartstrings, her tears flowing freely. She was aiming for pity and tenderness.
Taylor was moved by her vulnerability. His pulse was racing. He even began to feel desire for the woman he had watched grow up. His Adam's apple bobbed as he swallowed hard, then he grasped her slender shoulders and pulled her into his arms, gently comforting her.
"Yvonne, I'm so glad you've come to this realization... You don't know how happy it makes me to hear you say this."
Yvonne hid the coldness in her eyes, suppressing the revulsion churning within her and whispered softly," That's why I want to take this opportunity to show Mr. Iverson how sincere I am and to make amends. I hope he can forgive me."
"I'll plead with Mr. Iverson on your behalf," Taylor murmured, deeply inhaling the scent of her hair. "As
long as you behave and stay by Mr. Iverson's side, I'll make sure you stay safe."
Although Yvonne had gained some trust from Taylor, he was not foolish enough to give her complete freedom. Moreover, he could not disobey Christopher's orders. So that night, he accompanied Yvonne as she went out to buy a gift.
"Tonight, I'd like to drive the red sports car that Mr. Iverson gave me," Yvonne pleaded. "I haven't driven in a long time, and my skills are getting rusty. If it's okay with you, I'd like to take it for a spin."
###chapter2111
Chapter 2111
Before Taylor could say anything, Yvonne lost her courage and hung her head low. "Just forget it if I'm asking for too much."
"It's just a drive. Of course, it's not too much."
Caught between emotions, Taylor shuffled her hair. "I don't have much power, but I can decide on the little things. The Ferrari from Mr. Iverson could use a spin. It's good to put Mr. Iverson's gift to good use too."
Yvonne beamed, but the smile did not reach her eyes.
The red sports car drove toward Savrow's biggest antique and jewelry gallery. Yvonne and Christopher intended to pick a decent birthday gift for Christopher there.
A pair of gold-plated candle holders caught Yvonne's eye, and the seller praised her good taste.
She smiled and pulled her card out when Taylor went ahead and footed the 7-million-dollar bill.
"This is supposed to be my gift to Mr. Iverson..." Yvonne frowned anxiously.
"Don't be a stranger."
Taylor grinned and slipped his premium bank card back into his wallet. "I'm relieved that you have Mr. Iverson's best interest at heart. Don't worry about the money. I'd happily pay ten times that value. Besides, you could use the savings more than me."
Yvonne drove the red sports car, returning alongside Taylor to Pivotage.
Taylor's eyes were glued to Yvonne throughout the journey, so she did not try anything suspicious.
Despite her straight face, Yvonne gripped tightly to the steering wheel.
Tonight was her only and last chance.
If she did not do anything, Christopher would continue to imprison her and even make her disappear from Savrow once he was out of the hospital.
In the darkness, a drip of sweat rolled down her delicate face.
A white sedan was heading toward her in the oncoming lane.
Gritting her teeth, Yvonne desperately swerved to the side and stepped on the gas while Taylor was not looking.
"Watch out, Yvonne!"
Taylor, his eyes wide open, tried to take over the steering wheel in terror, but it was too late.
Bang!
The Ferrari and white sedan collided.
The sports car was destroyed, and the airbags were deployed. Fortunately, no one was seriously hurt.
"Are you alright, Yvonne?" Breaking out in a cold sweat, Taylor checked on Yvonne worriedly.
"Ugh... I'm fine." Yvonne gasped for air, her face pale. Her vulnerable and weak moment tugged at Taylor's heartstrings. "Are you alright, Taylor? It's been a while since I drove. I'm sorry..."
"It's okay. All that matters is that you're safe."
"Go on and see if the people in the other car are alright. We have an accident to deal with." "Okay. Just hang in there. I'll take you to the hospital in a bit." Taylor swiftly got out of the car.
Putting up with the pain, Yvonne unbuckled herself and slipped out of the car while Taylor engaged with the owner of the white sedan. She got down on her knees and shakily fished for something under the car.
Following a pause,
, she pulled a USB drive from the undercarriage. Feeling emotional, Yvonne teared up and clenched the drive in her grasp.
###chapter2112
Chapter 2112
Days passed uneventfully.
Cece and another nurse would be present twice a day to deliver medication and administer shots.
Though Christopher would instruct the attending doctor to examine the drug every single time, the result remained the same.
The drugs were clean.
It was Christopher's birthday the next day.
The night before, Taylor went to the antique and jewelry gallery to pick up Yvonne's gift as a surprise for Christopher. The gift was perfect to ease the tension between Yvonne and Christopher.
Security was tight outside the ward.
Christopher only kept the bedside lamp on in the ward and read under the soft illumination.
Cece knocked on the door and entered the ward, her voice soft.
"It's time for your medication, Mr. Iverson."
"Sure."
Christopher seemned to be in high spirits, a subtle smile playing around his eyes behind his glasses.
Cece hid her aggression behind her ingratiating smile.
Christopher could fool anyone with his gentle face.
If it were not for her brother, Cece would probably have been taken in by Christopher as well. "You look happy today, Mr. Iverson. Did something good happen?" Cece asked cheerfully.
"I'm getting discharged tomorrow." Christopher looked up with a smile. "It's also my birthday tomorrow."
"Really? I should wish you a happy birthday."
"Thank you for your hard work, Cece."
"Don't mention it. It has been my honor to take care of you, Mr. Iverson." Cece put the tray by the table and picked up a syringe. "Shall I administer the shot? Do you need Dr. Cobb to verify the drug?"
"No, that's fine. Just leave the syringe there. My secretary will sort it out." Christopher's gaze fell back on his book.
"Alright. I will leave you be."
Once her back faced Christopher, Cece made a face and left the ward.
Minutes later, Taylor hurried back to Christopher's side.
"Sorry to keep you waiting, Mr. Iverson."
"Judging by the look on your face, something good must have happened," Christopher uttered with a faint smile.
"Erm..." Taylor scratched his head embarrassedly, keeping mum about the whole thing. "Alright. Keep your little secret. It's the same thing year in and year out." Christopher rolled up his sleeve and reached his muscular arm out. "I trust you the most."
Taylor approached with respect, picked up the syringe on the tray, and skillfully punctured Christopher's vein.
Feeling a brush of chill along the veins of his arm, Christopher sank his back into the headboard and closed his eyes.
Suddenly, the door to the ward opened, and a bodyguard stumbled in, looking rather flustered. "U-Uh, Mr. Iverson. T-The police are here."
###chapter2113
Chapter 2113
Christopher and Taylor scowled.
"What are the cops doing here? I don't care how you do it. Just stop them," Taylor barked, his eyes bulging with rage.
The bodyguard broke out in a cold sweat. "B-But they have already-"
"Who is the captain?" Christopher asked grimacingly, his pale head hung low.
"Ralph Thompson."
Taylor nervously turned to Christopher, who kept a stoic expression.
The door to the ward burst open, and Ralph, dressed in civilian clothes, stormed in to meet Christopher's menacing gaze. A gust of cold wind accompanied him.
"I'm sure I don't have to introduce myself, Mr. Iverson." Ralph smirked sarcastically and flashed his badge.
"Long time no see, Ralph." Christopher smiled kindly as always.
"Don't try to be friendly, Mr. Iverson."
Ralph, a seasoned detective, had faced off against many violent criminals in his lifetime. Yet he could not hide his hostility when confronting Christopher. "It makes my day when Justin cozies up to me, but your attitude just makes me sick."
The menace was barely visible in Christopher's eyes.
The Thompsons knew exactly how to hurt Christopher the most.
"I don't care why you're here, but your unwelcome presence is disturbing Mr. Iverson's rest. We can sue you, officer." Taylor flipped out, unable to tolerate such disrespect to his boss.
"Captain Thompson, I'm happy to cooperate with the police for whatever reason you are here for, but I am currently undergoing treatment. You should at least let me take my medication." Christopher finally appeared frail.
"Hang on."
At the wave of Ralph's arm, two police officers in the back grabbed Taylor from both sides and took the syringe from his hand.
"What are you doing?" Taylor put up a fight and yelled.
"Keep still before we charge you for assaulting a uniformed officer!" One of the police officers shouted.
Christopher lowered his gaze. "What's the meaning of this, Captain?"
"We've got a tip about your suspected involvement in drug use and possession. We are
placing you under arrest." Ralph looked ahead and drew close.
Christopher was cuffed.
"Mr. Iverson!" Taylor struggled. "You need proof to make an arrest. We can sue you for slander if you can't produce evidence."
Hiding his violence behind his eyes, Christopher stayed put.
"We won't make an arrest without proof." Ralph looked askance at the wicked man, his fists clenching. "Come with us, Mr. Iverson."
Due to Christopher's arrest, Taylor, his confidante, was brought to the station for questioning.
However, Taylor was loyal to Christopher and denied any drug use.
Taylor walked out of the interrogation room, looking haggard in the wee hours of the morning. He ran into Christopher's attorney, who had been waiting in the lobby.
"Mr. Iverson's arrest over drug use has spread to the public, Taylor. The stock will drop when the trading market opens tomorrow." Attorney Lyles looked concerned.
"The shares don't matter at a time like this. The priority is to get Mr. Iverson out."
Taylor paced around, his voice hoarse. "What's the word on the police?"
"The drug you were going to administer to Mr. Iverson isn't some medication. It's an illegal and dangerous substance that's been used in human experimentation."
Shocked, Taylor gasped sharply. "What did you say?"
"That drug caused a major scandal in Savrow, and the police have determined that the drug is falsely classified as a pharmaceutical product. They have reason to believe that Mr. Iverson has been administered this very drug during his stay at the hospital." Attorney Lyles 'throat went dry. "So Mr. Iverson will have trouble clearing his name."
"That's utter nonsense. The shots Mr. Iverson has been getting..."
Chills ran down Taylor's spine. "These are medications to treat his illness. How did the medication become drugs? Something is wrong. Someone is colluding with the police to frame Mr. Iverson."
###chapter2114
Chapter 2114
"That doesn't matter now. He was caught in the act. The police will need a urine sample from Mr. Iverson, and if the result shows positive, the police will get all the proof they need."
"The test will prove Mr. Iverson's innocence because he never touches that stuff." Taylor was confident.
Christopher only trusted Taylor. No one but Taylor had the utmost faith in Christopher.
Taylor had his suspicions, though.
Christopher's medication somehow turned into drugs.
The medication had always been inspected before use, but today was the only exception.
Taylor turned pale and pulled out his phone shakily. He dialed a number and gnashed his teeth.
"Restrain the nurse named Cece who injected Mr. Iverson in the last few days. I want to see her now."
"I was about to report to you, Taylor."
The subordinate shivered. "Cece left the hospital and went off the grid once Mr. Iverson was arrested."
Taylor was furious as he knew that they had been set up.
Escorted by Justin and Ian, Cece left the hospital after the incident.
Though Christopher deserved to die, Cece could be caught by the police and the Iversons for switching medications and falsifying evidence.
Bella wanted to shield Cece from Linny's tragic end. Hence, she hid Cece in her home at Yara Park. No one could hurt her there.
"Has Cece arrived safely?" Bella called Justin. She and Steven stayed in Savrow.
"Don't worry. She's doing fine. She's been excited, chatting nonstop since finding out that Christopher was arrested." Justin chuckled.
"Keep her safe. Don't let anyone harm her."
"Rest assured that I'm on it." Justin's husky voice was affectionate. "I'm concerned about you being alone in Savrow, Bella."
"Hahaha. I'm the last person you should be worried about!" Bella crossed her legs in the car and beamed. "Christopher won't do anything to me. Did you forget that I'm the woman of his dreams?"
"Don't upset me, Bella." Justin's breathing heaved, and his voice sounded bitter. "You know well that I can't bear to listen to that crap."
Bella blushed, but her eyes reflected aloofness. "Well, he can dream."
Ralph's call came in.
"Ralph's calling me, Justin. Talk to you later!"
Bella ended the call with Justin and took Ralph's call.
"What's the situation, Ralph?"
"Is Christopher really using, Bella? I'm taking a gamble. It's my career in the force on the line."
Bella bit her lip.
"If the urine sample doesn't show Christopher using substances, we will have to release him after 24 hours. I'll get reprimanded too."
"I don't know if he's using. I'm taking a gamble too."
With nothing to live for, Ralph whined, "Oh, you didn't just do this to me."
"Come on. It might be a gamble, but I'm almost certain that I'm right." Bella's eyes radiated. "I'm taking my chance that the drug dealer can't be all that clean. Since he has chosen this life, he must be in it deep."
###chapter2115
Chapter 2115
Christopher was nearing the end of his 24-hour detention in the interrogation room.
In Sentania, Christopher was the constant target of flattery, ingratiation, and fawning.
Upon his return, Christopher dominated the city's nightlife with Pivotage. Subsequently, he seized control of the Iverson Group, becoming the chairman of hundreds of employees.
Bathed in power, wealth, and fame, Christopher became unaccustomed to detention or disrespect.
Every passing moment was an agonizing torment.
It was utter humiliation to Christopher.
"It's nearly 24 hours. When can I leave?" Christopher sat on the cold and uncomfortable chair with his legs crossed in the interrogation room, his eyes grim behind his gold-rimmed glasses.
"What's the rush, Mr. Iverson? We have time." Ralph sat across from Christopher, holding firmly on his own. "Besides, it's 15 minutes more to 24 hours. I can't let you walk out a second less, not after I finally got you."
Only God knew how fast Ralph's heart was racing.
It would take ten minutes before the result of the urine sample was out. If Christopher's result turned out clean, Ralph would have to let him go and bear the responsibility for a wrongful arrest. It would not be easy to catch Christopher the second time.
"I got it. You want to keep me here longer to catch up." Christopher leaned back on his seat, his gaze piercing against his discolored face. He looked at the time. "We can chat. Let's chat about your little set-up with Bella."
Ralph's heart sank. "Stop the groundless accusation, Christopher."
"What about your groundless arrest? Don't tell me that you brought me here just for coffee." Christopher, his eyes burning with rage, squished the paper cup. "But I have to say that the coffee here sucks. If the government fund is limited, the Iverson Group will be glad to sponsor some coffee beans."
"Christopher!" Ralph jolted to his feet angrily.
"What's with the attitude? Are you trying to beat a confession out of me?" Christopher crumpled the paper cup, the veins bulging along the back of his hand. "I'll have you know that I never abuse substances. I never have and never will. You'd be better off thinking about what to say to your police chief in these last 15 minutes, Ralph."
He then closed his eyes.
Ralph was livid. If it had not been for his uniform, Ralph would have given Christopher a piece of his mind and more.
Time passed.
Christopher glanced at his watch with a sarcastic grin as the clock ticked down the last 5 minutes.
The door to the interrogation room swung open, and a police officer barged into the room with the test result.
"The result for the urine sample is out, Captain."
Ralph's heart raced while Christopher smiled deeper.
"It's positive."
The smile on Christopher's face froze. Losing composure, Christopher slammed the table, and his eyes turned bloodshot.
###chapter2116
Chapter 2116
"That's impossible! I'm not a user." Christopher shouted.
Ralph took the medical report from his colleague and opened it up to verify the result. His lips quivered with thrill. He approached and hurled the document in Christopher's face, his eyes sparkling.
"The law is just. It will never punish an innocent person, nor will it let a guilty one go free. The evidence is stacked up against you. Even if you deny it, the evidence speaks for itself!"
Christopher stared at the result in black and white, his ears buzzing. He had a drug empire in Sentania because it was the quickest way to get rich.
However, Christopher knew that drug use was a path to no return. Hence, he steered clear of the substance despite his many years in the business.
Yet, his urine sample produced a positive result for illicit substances.
The color drained from his face as he broke out in a cold sweat.
Struck by a thought, Christopher felt a dizzy spell.
It was his medication.
There was a problem with the drug provided by the Boss.
Overcome by emotions, Christopher could not stop his hands from shaking.
"Ha. You can deny it all you want." With his eyes fixated on Christopher, Ralph noticed his behavior. "You must be knee-deep in your addiction, Christopher. I bet you can't kick off the habit. You're already showing signs of withdrawal even though you've only been detained for 24 hours. You're a drug addict. What do you have to say for yourself?"
"You... You don't get it!" Christopher clutched his trembling arm and stared at Ralph menacingly.
"I'm sorry, Mr. Iverson. But you're here to stay." Ralph narrowed his eyes and grinned mockingly. "But you're not getting any coffee this time."
Today was Christopher's 28th birthday, yet he had to spend his birthday in lockup.
The press swarmed outside the police station, surrounding Taylor and Attorney Lyles. The pair's explanation fell on deaf ears as they struggled to break free from the crowd.
Across the road, Bella wound down her car window and stared at the bustle. Her expression reflected her confidence and control over the situation.
"Ms. Bella, the Iverson Group's shares dropped drastically today, and the public is on Christopher's ass for his drug use. This is a moment of celebration!" Steven grinned from ear to ear while scrolling through social media.
"It's too early to pop the champagne. The war is far from being over." Bella hid her emotions behind her calm face. "The survival of the Iversons and their business doesn't matter. The family business is just a front for Christopher's dirty dealings. He doesn't care what happens to the family. His ultimate goal is to serve his master and use the new drug to control Savrow."
Steven had a hair-raising moment.
"Since he is now behind bars, we should have enough time to deal with Owen Hopkins. That's the key to breaking Christopher."
###chapter2117
Chapter 2117
Justin settled Cece in, making sure all aspects of her safety were covered before rushing back to Savrow in the middle of the night.
He returned to his home with Bella with worry, only to be greeted by her lovely laughter coming from the living room. She was watching a TV series with Wilma.
Feeling at ease, Justin smiled tenderly, put his suit over his arm, and crept over.
"You have not taken a break after a full day of work, Young Madam. Yet, you still find the time to make something for the young master."
Wilma peeled an orange and put it on Bella's palm, her eyes reflecting concern. "I can do it for you. You should use the time to rest."
"It's okay. I'm not tired. Besides, I can focus on one task when making desserts. It helps me unwind and relax."
Bella ate a piece of orange with a smile and fed Wilma one too. "Justin hasn't taken a break for a while now. Once he returns, he can have something sweet, take a shower, and have a nice sleep."
"Sigh. You never took a break for three years when caring for his needs back at Tideview Manor. You're doing the same thing now." Wilma felt a little frustrated. "You should love yourself more, Young Madam. Don't be too good to him. You'll spoil him."
Standing in the shadows, Justin pursed his lips as his emotions overwhelmed his every being.
"My love is reserved for my man." As Justin's good-looking features came to mind, Bella could not stop having butterflies in her belly. "Besides, Justin is worth it."
Justin teared up and swallowed hard.
He never felt worthy of her love.
Justin simply felt he was lucky. That was all.
"Ah!" Startled by a figure standing there, Bella nearly spat out the orange piece in her mouth. "Justin? When did you come back? Why are you standing there like a statue? You scared me to death!"
"Sorry, I didn't mean to eavesdrop on you." Justin approached Bella as the latter drew close too.
Like magnets, they embraced each other.
"Did you miss me?" Justin's warm palm held the back of her head. He lowered his head, his nose touching hers.
"You stole my line." Bella blinked and whined softly.
"I did."
Before she could say anything else, Justin eagerly told her with a rugged breath, "I missed you, Bella. I really, really do."
Bella knew he was not lying by the look of his heavy eyebags and bloodshot eyes.
Tipping her toes on her fluffy slippers, she wrapped her arms around his neck and sealed his cold lips.
Justin would not stop with just a peck. He pulled her deeper into his arms, his arm stretching around her back as their tongues intertwined. Justin wanted to cover her up in his scent.
Bella melted in his arms, her cheeks flushed.
Wilma went into the kitchen to check the dessert in the oven, giving the couple some space.
Bella's phone rang during their moment of intimacy.
"Uh... Hang on. I need to take this."
She fished her phone out of her pajama pocket and paced her breathing before taking the call from Ralph.
"We have a problem, Bella."
"What is it?" Bella and Justin were anxious.
"Christopher wants to see you."
###chapter2118
Chapter 2118
Ralph gritted his teeth, feeling peevish about the whole situation. "He plays dumb throughout the interrogation. Later, his attorney told me that he would only talk once he sees you."
"Don't go, Bella." As his eyes turned red, Justin shook his head. "It might be part of Christopher's plan. I can't let you meet with him."
"Oh, my. Are you jealous?" With a smile, Bella drew circles on his chest.
"Don't go, Bella. I'm serious." Justin's voice was raspy.
"I'm going. I'm serious." Bella looked at him with sparkling eyes. "My family has a history of taking risks. I can't be the one to break the family tradition."
Ralph met Bella in the lobby of the police station. Knowing that it was his stop, Justin halted his heavy footsteps.
Christopher occupied a single room in the detention center, which held only a stiff bed.
Even in the harsh conditions of his imprisonment, Christopher sat up straight in his well-tailored suit, his hair perfectly in place.
His pale face was marred by the shadow of a beard, adding a hint of desolation to his usual sophistication. Christopher opened his eyes at the familiar clicking of heels.
His gaze penetrated the iron bars, locking onto Bella, who stood perpetually on the other side.
She had always been the woman he loved and waited for.
"You're here, Bella." Christopher's eyes spoke of tenderness, and his voice was husky. "You're quick."
With a straight face, Bella glanced at the security camera in the upper-left corner. Knowing that Ralph and Justin were watching over her, she felt safe.
Bella said, "Didn't you say that you'd start talking once I got here? Well, here I am. Now, talk. Don't waste our time."
Christopher looked deep into her eyes, his sad eyes harboring so much affection. "You're as cold to me as ever."
"Anyone with a shred of conscience will not put up with your act." Bella's eyes were devoid of emotions. There was a wall between them.
"It's my birthday today, Bella." Christopher stiffly rose to his feet and inched closer to Bella yearningly." Can you wish me a happy birthday?"
Bella stared at Christopher past the iron bars in silence.
Justin witnessed the whole thing on surveillance, clenching his fists until his veins bulged.
"Don't worry, Justin. The snake is behind bars. He can't hurt Bella." Ralph patted Justin's wide shoulder." Even if he gets out, I believe he won't hurt her."
"How can you be so sure, Ralph?" Justin asked in a hoarse voice as the emotions hung heavy in his chest. "They were really close when they were kids." Ralph watched the surveillance while dwelling in the past. "Christopher wasn't seen or heard in his family during his younger days. Every kid of the Iverson has their
birthday parties except him. Chairman Iverson doesn't even remember his birthday. Christopher would come to our place for three years, and Bella would make him a birthday cake. She would use her allowance to get him a present. Bella was his only friend. It's a pity that a nice boy has now become an evil killing machine. It's so infuriating and a shame."
Overwhelmed by a sinking feeling, Justin stared at the surveillance with red-rimmed eyes.
###chapter2119
Chapter 2119
Christopher locked gazes with Bella yearningly, a teardrop threatening to fall from his eyes.
"For the innocent and kind boy I had once known as Chris, I will always offer him my best wishes even if he doesn't say anything." Bella kept a stoic face. "But now, I can't grant your wish. Even if I do wish you a happy birthday, it doesn't come from my heart."
Christopher chuckled, not at all angry at her remarks.
"Do you still remember the birthday gift you got me back then? I didn't take anything with me when my dad drove me out of Savrow. I only took your gift with me to Sentania. Do you still remember what you got me, Bella?"
Bella clenched her fists without a word.
Of course, she still remembered.
"Soapbox car racing was all the craze at school. The kids at school owned one soapbox car, but I didn't. I was constantly picked on and left out because of it." Christopher murmured softly, his eyes sparkling with the joy of yesteryear. "You got me the soapbox car I always wanted for my birthday that year. It was red in color. Do you remember?"
Bella's heart sank.
The gifts she gave him were never superficial.
She went out of her way to protect the delicate boy's fragile ego.
ytoj
"But I know it wasn't a coincidence. You simply took pity on me." The affection in Christopher's eyes was solely for her. "Even so, I was happy because the gift came from you."
"My feelings for you have never been sympathy or pity. I simply hope that my former friend can be happy." Bella's voice was strained with emotions.
"I wish we could go back to the past, but we can't." Christopher shook his head, his expression grim.
"This little catch-up is over. Let's get straight to the point." Bella's voice was icy.
"Bella, am I right to say that this is your setup?" Christopher grinned dotingly. "You came up with a plan when you ran into me at the hospital and approached me in the name of visiting. You kept an eye on my every move and paid off that nurse. You got her a clean slate and planted her close to me.
"Knowing that I'm cautious and suspicious, you took your time to make your move. You sent the nurse to deliver my meds to clear my doubts. Just yesterday, she switched my meds and colluded with Ralph to arrest me on the spot. I got to give it to the love of my life. Your little scheme is airtight, and I'm proud of you."
"What do you mean by colluding with Ralph? Ralph is a police officer. It's only right that he arrests suspects." Bella curled her red lips. "Slandering the CEO of KS Group should be added to your charges. Our legal team can nail that on you. You got caught with your pants down. The drug test proves it. Don't even try to deny it."
"I don't use." Christopher firmly refuted.
"Ha. Tell that to the police and see if they believe you!" Bella expressed her disgust. "I thought you were just evil, Christopher. I can't believe you're a coward too. You don't own up to the things you do."
"I only took an experimental drug from Meridan, Bella. The medicine is not some drug. I swear."
"Enough! Save your crap." Bella lost her patience, her eyes red-rimmed. "You tricked me to come here, Christopher. You have no intention to turn yourself in right from the start."
"Turn myself in? I'm innocent, Bella. Why should I turn myself in?" Christopher narrowed his eyes and grinned. "I just missed you. I wanted to see you. That's all."
"Christopher!" Bella shouted angrily.
Footsteps echoed.
"Mr. Iverson!"
Bella looked back in shock.
Escorted by a police officer, Taylor and Attorney Lyles entered the room. Taylor nodded respectfully at Bella with a grin.
"Thank you for visiting Mr. Iverson, Ms. Thompson. You're a good friend to him."
On the other end of the surveillance, Justin and Ralph were in shock.
"What's going on, Ralph?" Justin's eyes widened.
"Christopher was caught using, and the drug was found in his ward. How could they bail him out when the evidence is stacked up against him?!" Ralph was livid, his veins bulging.
Meanwhile, Taylor took out a certified diagnosis and showed it to Bella.
"Mr. Iverson has never used drugs, Ms. Thompson. He's been sick for years."
Bella took the medical report and read the contents.
Christopher had essential tremors.
"There is no cure for the illness. Back in Sentania, Mr. Iverson had to rely on medication to control his symptoms. I know better than anyone else the agony Mr. Iverson suffered throughout the years." Taylor made an agonized face. "Mr. Iverson needs this medication even in Savrow because the attacks can be very unbearable.
"We didn't expect the medication to have addictive properties. That is why the test on the urine sample came back positive, but it doesn't mean that Mr. Iverson is an addict. You got the wrong idea, Ms. Thompson."
Attorney Lyles echoed the same sentiment. "The police conducted their investigation and didn't find any drugs or proof he was dealing. The charge for using should be dropped."
"I told you I was sick, Bella. You never believed me." Christopher spoke in a low voice, his eyes reflecting sincerity. "Even if I lie to the world, I will never lie to you."
###chapter2120
Chapter 2120
Bella stared at Christopher in disbelief, her heart sinking to the pit of her stomach.
She devised the perfect plan to capture Christopher while washing her hands completely and keeping those involved safe.
However, she was totally blindsided.
She did not foresee that Christopher needed to take medication for his illness.
"Though you have met bail, Mr. Iverson, you need to wear an ankle monitor and report your whereabouts to us at all times."
The police officer opened the door of the cell, and Christopher walked out with a straight face.
When brushing past Bella, Christopher paused and leaned into her ear to whisper softly. "Either way, thank you for visiting me, Bella. This is a birthday I'll never forget."
The group then took off.
Bella was left behind, clenching her fists with a pale face.
Granted bail, Christopher stood in front of the police station with a frail look and answered the press' questions.
"I need to take medication for my illness, so the substance showed up as positive in my urine sample. I would like to apologize for causing trouble to the police and taking up public resources just to clear the misunderstanding."
He hung his head low somberly. The high and mighty leader of a corporation humbled himself to admit a mistake that was not his fault in the first place.
He carried himself with such grace.
His approach stirred the crowd with emotion.
Besides, Christopher had the face and bearings to play the part of the wrongly accused victim perfectly.
"Mr. Iverson, how would you explain the news about illicit drugs in your ward?"
Taylor took over indignantly.
"Someone is out to get Mr. Iverson and the Iverson Group. We have filed a report with the police, and the police have begun their investigation. We are determined to bring justice to the real perpetrators and clear Mr. Iverson's name."
The press, who came to mock Christopher, now became his staunch supporters.
The public was now in favor of Christopher.
Attorney Lyles stayed behind to deal with the fallout while Christopher slipped into a Bentley under Taylor's escort.
"Where to, Mr. Iverson?" Taylor asked with concern.
"To Pivotage for a rest." Christopher sank his back wearily against his seat, took off his golden-framed glasses, and pinched between his brows.
Christopher's refined features were married by a rugged charm. "Hold a board meeting tomorrow
morning at the Iverson Group. The company must be in turmoil. I need to show up to hold the fort down."
"You have had it rough, Mr. Iverson. You're not in tip-top shape yet. Don't work yourself to the core." Taylor was frustrated and sorry.
"Oh, well. Bella created a bit of a problem, and I needed to clean up after her." Christopher smiled tenderly, happy to indulge her.
"Even if you're going to yell at me, I have to say that Ms. Thompson has crossed the line, Mr. Iverson." Taylor was furious. "You might have been put in jail if the incident wasn't handled right. What would the Iverson Group be without a leader? How would you answer to the Boss?"
###chapter2121
Chapter 2121
At the mention of Grant, Christopher pursed his lips into a thin line, a dark gleam flashing across his deep eyes.
"Forget it. Bella was mischievous and naughty, but I won't pursue it further." Christopher closed his eyes again to rest.
Taylor's eyes widened in surprise.
Bella caused such a huge mess, almost shaking the foundation of the Iverson Group and ruining Christopher's reputation.
But Christopher let it go with merely a sentence, "mischievous and naughty"! He must have the most lovesick brain in the world!
"Not wanting to involve Bella is just one of the reasons. Another point is that if the police took the investigation on this matter seriously, it would be bad for us." Christopher added.
Taylor heaved a sigh of relief as he heard it.
This was the Christopher he knew-cold and rational, always putting profit first.
"But as things stand now, we need to get rid of Owen soon. Otherwise, Bella and Justin will definitely discover our connection in no time."
The hint of gentleness in Christopher's eyes immediately disappeared, gradually becoming vicious and cruel. "If that happens, we won't be as lucky as today."
"Yes, I understand."
Taylor hesitated as he observed Christopher's expression, saying in a low voice, "Mr. Christopher, isn't it your birthday today? Ms. Yvonne specially picked out a birthday gift for you a few days ago and kept it in Pivotage, hoping to present it to you in person."
Christopher raised his brows, coldness seeping through his voice. "You let her out?"
"Please rest assured! I was with her the entire time, watching her like a hawk. She returned to Pivotage after buying the gift. Nothing unusual happened in between!" Taylor hurriedly explained.
"If she has truly come to her senses, she might actually have some brains on her," Christopher said casually.
On the other side, Bella, Justin, and Ralph had a distressed look.
"We thought we had him, but evil is always one step ahead. I didn't expect him to walk free in less than two days. How infuriating!"
Bella's eyes turned red with rage, wanting to slam her fist on the coffee table, but Justin's warm hands caught hers, holding her hands tightly as he pressed them against his chest. " Bella, I get that you're angry, but don't hurt yourself. If you want to vent, hit me instead."
"Then wouldn't I be angry and distressed at the same time? That's even worse!" Bella threw herself into Justin's arms, rubbing her head against his firm chest like an angry kitten, scratching and clawing at his neat shirt.
Justin's eyes were full of affection as he held her thin waist, letting her do what she wanted.
"Stop acting all lovey-dovey! Think of our next step!" Ralph shook his head, unable to watch any longer. He had no mood for this.
"I'm afraid we might not be able to make a move against Christopher now."
Justin's large palm rubbed the soft skin on the back of Bella's neck, his voice deep. "We need to approach this from another angle."
"Now that we've alerted him, that venomous viper would definitely lay low, not making any moves for a while. Sigh... It's such a pity we didn't manage to deal a heavy blow!" Ralph sighed regretfully.
"We indeed startled him, but that doesn't mean he won't act at all." Bella gritted her teeth, the desire for victory burning within her eyes. "This incident has sounded the alarm for Christopher. He will be a sitting duck if he still acts cautiously. He will definitely make another move to eliminate all threats."
###chapter2122
Chapter 2122
Late at night, at the police station, it was dimly lit in the office. Only the computer screen glowed with an eerie light, playing Christopher's interview after he was released on bail.
Owen stared at the screen, his face haggard, the ashtray beside him already overflowing with cigarette butts.
His cold lips pursed into a thin line, and his fingers trembled as he dialed Christopher's number.
However, the line could not be reached on the other end. He gripped his phone tightly, his heart sinking.
Owen slumped on the sofa and closed his eyes, feeling as if his heart was twisted by a blade. An overwhelming sense of despair engulfed him, tearing at him.
He had experienced countless bloody storms and even shouldered the weight of a few lives, but at this moment, he felt like he was facing the darkest moment in his life.
Owen suffered for another four days.
On this night, Owen received a call from his wife's attending doctor at the hospital. "Mr. Hopkins, your wife had an episode tonight, and she's in an unstable condition now. Please come to the hospital immediately!"
"Is she alright?!" Owen got up in a panic, grabbed his coat, and rushed out.
"Your wife is in the emergency room now. Let's talk about the specifics when you arrive!" After he ended the call, Owen's hand, grabbing the doorknob, suddenly paused.
He had a gun, but he knew that if he fired it in a dangerous situation, it would bring huge trouble to him. The police might even trace it to uncover his secret dealings with Christopher.
The promising newbie in the team, Ralph, had already achieved remarkable feats and resembled Owen in his younger days. Given time, Ralph would undoubtedly find out the truth.
More importantly, Owen did not dare to, nor could he offend Christopher.
That man was a devil who devoured others whole and killed them without so much as blinking. Owen knew he was dancing with the devil from the start, and that he had a dark future.
However, he had no choice.
He must save his wife, the love of his life.
Therefore, Owen returned to his office desk, opened the drawer, took out a screwdriver, and tucked it behind his back before leaving in a hurry.
The black SUV flew toward the hospital but suddenly screeched to a halt as it entered an empty alley, the piercing sound of brakes slicing through the quiet night.
At the entrance of the alley, a black vehicle blocked his way, and four men stepped out of the car, all wearing black shirts and masks.
As a precaution, two men even laid a chain full of nails across the ground. If Owen dared to drive into them, his tires would burst immediately.
Owen's eyes turned red, and he gritted his teeth as he shifted into reverse, flooring the gas pedal.
Bang!
A thunderous crash echoed through the sky.
The rear of his car crashed into the front of the car behind him. His way out had also been blocked.
This short alley had become a cage, and Owen was the trapped beast.
Owen knew he could not escape unscathed tonight. He left the car and faced the grim, predatory killers who surrounded him, his right hand reaching behind his back and gripping the screwdriver tightly.
"Deputy Chief Hopkins?" The man in the lead mocked.
"Are you hired by Chairman Iverson?" Veins bulged on Owen's forehead. Although he was asking a question, it sounded like he was already certain.
It was a frightening time. Although Christopher was safely on bail, he was still targeted by the police.
Besides, Bella and Justin were also hot on Christopher's trail. Christopher was surrounded by enemies and was in a dangerous situation.
At this time, the first thing Christopher thought of was to get rid of him to cut off loose ends.
Christopher wanted to silence Owen.
Owen did not blame Christopher for being ruthless, but not tonight.
"It doesn't matter to you now who we're working for."
The leader smiled. "We know you're quite good, but since we dare to come after you, it means we're not to be underestimated. If you cooperate and save us some effort, we'll send you off less painfully."
"I'll settle things with you, but not tonight." Owen felt anxious, his gaze sinister. "My wife is gravely ill. I need to be with her at the hospital."
"Deputy Chief Hopkins, you're so devoted to your wife. But unfortunately, if our boss wants you dead by midnight, you won't have the chance to see tomorrow's sunrise. Send him on his way!"
As the leader finished his sentence, the assassins rushed forward.
It was a moonless, dark night, with no one around perfect for murder.
Cold and gleaming sharp blades brushed past Owen one after another, accompanied by punches and kicks, creating a terrifying, deadly whoosh of the weapons.
Although Owen was an experienced police officer, age still caught up to him. Under the combined attack of these hyenas, even a lion would struggle!
With a sharp tear, Owen's left arm was fiercely slashed through by a knife, cutting deep into the bone.
At the same time, another sharp blade came straight for his face. It was too late for him to dodge!
"Ah!"
Suddenly, the knife stopped just inches from his eyes, and he heard a scream.
The knife dropped to the ground. The man's wrist was forcefully broken in front of him.
Under the cold moonlight, Justin's tall and strong figure stood like an immovable mountain, towering over Owen.
His dark eyes stared at Owen as he bent down to pull the police chief up from the ground.
"Are you okay?"
Owen's breath hitched, even forgetting the pain.
At this moment, the man standing before him was like a god descending to earth, radiating
an untouchable beam of light that commanded fear and admiration from others.
"It's Justin Salvador, the president of Salvador Corporation!" One of the assassins recognized him.
Facing this unexpected arrival, the assassins were shocked. This was not in their plan at all!
"If we don't kill him tonight, we can't report back and get the remaining payment!"
The leader could not care less about Justin, staring at them with a vindictive gaze. "I don't care who he is. Kill him! Leave no one alive!"
The assassins' bloodlust reignited as they closed in.
"Leave!" Owen shouted at Justin.
But the handsome man curled his thin lips, his heroic face as calm as a deep lake. His eyes sparkled with an intimidating light that swept away all evil and sin.
"You are a police officer, and I was in the army. At this time, I think we have no reason to retreat!"
###chapter2123
Owen's heart trembled violently because Justin's words sent shockwaves through his heart.
Back when Christopher was still in Sentania, Owen was already a pawn under his command. Over the years of working for Christopher, Owen's heart had already withered away, and he had forgotten he was also once full of righteousness and passion.
Whoosh!
Another sharp blade came murderously at Justin from his side. "Watch out!"
Owen's eyes widened, his heart nearly jumping out of his chest.
Unexpectedly, it was as if Justin had eyes on his side. He suddenly raised his hand and grabbed the attacker's wrist, snapping his bones.
While disarming the attacker, Justin kicked the man, sending him flying into the wall and crashing heavily.
The sound of his bones breaking was terrifying, making one's blood run cold.
With just one move, Owen could see that this usually high and mighty president of Salvador Corporation was far from simple. He was someone who excelled in both intelligence and physical prowess.
His understanding of Justin was merely a tiny fraction. If Christopher did not have someone powerful backing him, how could he compare against Justin?
The dark alleyway became a bloody battlefield.
Although they were outnumbered, in front of the handsome "grim reaper", the crisis seemed to dissolve easily.
One after another, the assassins were knocked to the ground.
The two men stood back to back, getting ready for combat.
Justin's face, hands, and the white collar of his shirt were stained with blood, like a handsome rogue in a suit, exuding an aesthetic of violence and beauty.
"Deputy Chief Hopkins, I've told you that you're digging your own grave, working with Christopher. From the moment he sought you out, he's been secretly planning to get rid of you after squeezing out all your value."
"You're not me... You won't understand my reasons!" Owen clutched his gravely injured arm, cold sweat trickling down his head.
"Cooperating with us is your only way out!" Justin's expression was cold and stern, but his tone was calm and genuine.
"Way out? Do I still have a way out?"
Owen smiled bitterly. "Even if I escape today, can I escape tomorrow?"
Justin frowned and did not reply. Even if they work together to take down Christopher, the future waiting for Owen would be a legal trial.
The assassins charged at them again, determined to kill them.
The leader clearly wanted to take the credit. When the others surrounded and attacked
Justin, he saw his chance with an injured and weakened Owen, raising his knife and viciously aiming it at Owen's head.
"Argh!"
But Owen merely used one hand to flip the leader onto the ground, then stomped on his chest. The man groaned as he coughed up blood.
A lion would always be strong, even when it was injured.
Owen's eyes were glazed with an intense red as he raised the screwdriver high, swiftly plunging it at the man's vital spot.
At this moment, he looked more like a killer than the actual hired hands.
"No! Stop!"
Justin roared and rushed forward, tightly gripping Owen's hand that held the blade. "You can't kill them!"
"What should I do then? Wait for them to kill us?!" Owen questioned instead with a hoarse voice.
"If you're doing it in self-defense, I won't stop you, but you're not!" Justin's gaze was like a sword, cutting open Owen's soul. "You're afraid he would get arrested and say something he shouldn't. You're trying to silence him!"
Owen's body shook. However, his hand holding the screwdriver still tried to drive it into the man's chest. If not for Justin's strength, Owen would have killed the leader already.
At the same time, police sirens sounded from a distance.
The other assassins were gravely injured and did not even have the strength to get up. Only two of them tried to escape by crawling away, but they were quickly subdued and cuffed by the police who arrived.
"Justin!"
"Mr. Salvador!"
Ralph and Ian rushed to Justin. Seeing him covered in blood, the two men were shocked, nearly scared out of their wits.
"Mr. Salvador! Are you hurt?!" Ian's hands trembled as he did not know where to touch
Justin. He was almost in tears.
"I've called the ambulance. They will arrive in no time! Justin, hold on!" Ralph, an experienced police officer, was also pale-faced at this moment.
Justin raised his hand and wiped the blood off his face, amused. "I'm fine. This is not my blood."
"Oh, thank God! Praise the heavens!" Ian clasped his hands together, exclaiming in relief.
Ralph also exhaled deeply. "If anything happened to you, how would I explain it to my sister?"
"I'm fine." Justin's eyes sparkled as he said each word with weight, "I promised to protect Bella for a lifetime. No matter what, I won't let anything happen to me."
The group of assassins was escorted into the police cars, and the weapons at the crime scene were all confiscated.
Ralph led two other officers and walked to Owen with a sullen expression, his tone still carrying the respect a subordinate had for their superior.
"Deputy Chief Hopkins, when the ambulance arrives, please go to the hospital for
treatment."
"I won't go to the hospital. I need to go and accompany my wife." Owen's voice was weak,
but his gaze was determined and intense. "She's ill and in emergency care... I need to be
there immediately!"
"You don't need to go."
Owen whipped around, seeing Justin walk toward him calmly.
"Your wife is safe and sound. The so-called emergency room was mere nonsense."
Owen was stunned, his face turning ashen. "What did you say? But how? I received a call from..."
"Who do you think is capable of doing it? I think you know the answer."
It was a trap set up by Christopher.
Owen did not have children, and his parents died early. His only weakness was his wife.
So, Christopher bribed or threatened the doctor Owen trusted to lie that his wife was gravely ill, luring him out of the police station and trying to eliminate him in secret.
How extremely cunning and vicious!
If Justin had not arrived in time and asked Ian to call Ralph to control the situation, Owen might not have survived!
"My injuries are minor, and I can handle them myself. I still have things to do, so I'll leave
first."
Owen lowered his eyes and was about to leave, but Ralph sidestepped and blocked him, looking at him with a heavy gaze.
"Deputy Chief Hopkins, since you don't want to go to the hospital, please return to the station with me. We have medical personnel there as well. They could stitch and bandage
your wounds."
###chapter2124

"Ralph, are you hearing yourself?!" Owen's heart skipped a beat, and he scolded sternly. "I am your superior, and the one whose life was in danger. I was attacked by criminals tonight! Yet you want to take me back to the police station? If word got out, can you bear the responsibility?!"
Justin looked at Ralph with a worried gaze.
Although Justin was not a government official, he understood the power dynamics that came with rank.
"I've assigned people to seal off this entire street. What happened tonight will not get out, not just because of your reputation, but also to prevent spreading panic among the public. I don't want the people who live here to be in fear when they go out at night."
Ralph curled his lips slightly, his handsome face fearless, but his tone was firm and undeniable. "Besides, you've also said these criminals are here for you. You are the victim. According to the procedure, you should come back to the station to give your statement and let us protect you. After all, you're my superior and not to be taken lightly, right?"
Owen was rendered speechless.
Justin slightly narrowed his eyes, his admiration for Ralph deepening in his heart.
Who said that Ralph was merely a brute?
Bella was indeed her dear brother's number-one hater.
In the early morning, the interrogation room was dark and the air was tense.
Owen lowered his head as he sat on the cold chair, not speaking a word about anything other than what happened tonight.
"We're stuck, Captain Ralph. No matter how we questioned him, Deputy Chief Hopkins refused to speak."
His colleague was worried. "The Chief already knows about this and asked that we release Deputy Chief Hopkins after the routine questioning. Otherwise, he would definitely hold you accountable, and you might be suspended!
Ralph gritted his teeth. "How many more hours do we have?"
"Two hours. Perhaps less than that. The Chief heard about this and is rushing back to Savrow overnight from his business trip at Hatchbay."
Ralph's heart tightened, pacing back and forth in the hallway.
He was not afraid of being suspended. He was afraid that if they could not break Owen this time when they had him under control, it would be impossible to catch him again.
Ralph wanted to take down Christopher, and he did not want to disappoint Bella and Justin. He made up his mind, took a deep breath, and returned to the interrogation room.
Ralph and Owen were locked in a confrontation. Owen sat with his eyes closed, appearing confident and composed.
"Your chief must be on his way here now. Perhaps I should remind you that if you still don't release me, I can't guarantee you will still have the chance to wear this police uniform once the sun rises. Besides, I've said all I need to say. I don't know those criminals or why they suddenly attacked me. All I did was for self-defense. If you ask me about other things, I wouldn't know the answer."
Ralph clicked his tongue, his voice cold and intimidating.
"Deputy Chief Hopkins, the leader of those thugs has just confessed. They attacked you not for money but to silence you."
Owen remained expressionless.
"The leader said they were connected to the Iverson Group." Ralph stepped closer to him, his slender fingers tapping the table rhythmically. "So, is it reasonable for me to suspect the one who wanted to silence you was Christopher? After all, he's the last one left in the entire Iverson family, since most of them are dead or imprisoned."
Ralph nearly slipped and called Christopher a venomous snake.
"Pfft, hahaha..."
Owen suddenly slammed the table and laughed. "The Prisoner's Dilemma? Do you think this would work? Don't forget that I'm a police officer too. Your imagination is running wild. You should become a screenwriter. Being a police officer is wasting your talents."
###chapter2125

Ralph was burning with anxiety as time ticked away, and the interrogation of the assassin leader yielded no useful leads as well.
Firstly, the assassins were not from this country, so they could target a deputy chief without fear. Secondly, the transaction records between them and their employer were overseas, making it impossible to trace them.
These thugs would not spill anything.
About an hour later, the chief rushed back to Savrow overnight and sternly requested Ralph to release Owen immediately.
Ralph bore the overwhelming pressure on his end, while in the hospital, Bella personally bandaged the wound on Justin's knuckles.
Although it was just a scratch, she was still distressed seeing it.
"Didn't you say you would take good care of yourself? What is this then?"
"If it was five years ago, I would have walked out unscathed." Justin's eyes softened as he looked at her, his strong arms wrapping around her soft waist and pulling her into his embrace, holding her hand tight with his bandaged right hand. "It seems I'm getting old."
Feeling the increasing pressure on her ass, Bella's heart skipped a beat, and she murmured, "No, you're as energetic as ever. You're not old at all."
"Is that so?"
Justin slightly narrowed his eyes. His right hand was bandaged and unable to move freely, but the fingers on his left hand were still nimble, gripping the soft flesh firmly.
"You're right. My Bella would know the best whether I've aged."
"You... Can you be more serious?"
They were already together for a long time, but whenever the man teased her, Bella still found it hard to handle. She squirmed in his arms with a flushed face. "Although you saved Owen, the crisis isn't over. Besides, there's no news from Ralph, which means things are in a deadlock. At most by dawn, we will have to release Owen if we don't get any valuable information from him. A bigger problem might still be ahead!"
Justin still held her closely, his eyes gradually darkening. "He's indeed a tough nut to crack. When I was surrounded by thugs with him tonight, he was still thinking of catching that leader and killing him in front of me. Clearly, he has no intention of turning back and is determined to ride till the end."
"He knew that since he was on Christopher's ship, he could only float and sink with him. He
would never flip." Bella frowned, shaking her head, "So, we only have one choice, which is to convict him."
But how easy would it be?
At this moment, Bella's phone rang, breaking the tense atmosphere.
"It's Drew."
Bella was quite surprised. She exchanged a look with Justin and picked up the call.
Before she could speak, Drew's anxious and hoarse voice sounded. "Bella, I've sent a video to your email. It's very important and critical! Watch it now!"
Bella rarely saw Drew with such strong emotional fluctuations. She did not dare to delay and immediately opened her email.
Justin inched closer, and the two of them stared intently at the screen, heads touching.
The video was merely a minute long, but the two of them were shocked after watching it, their blood boiling.
"Drew, where did you get this from?!" Bella was excited, and even her voice was trembling. "Yvonne... It's Yvonne!" Drew's breath was heavy as he choked up.
###chapter2126
Chapter 2126
Hearing this name, Bella and Justin's hearts pounded wildly in sync, filled with excitement, anxiety, and
concern.
"Drew, did you meet up with Yvonne?!" Bella asked anxiously.
"No. Yvonne sent this video to me." Drew's throat was dry and tight, even his voice breaking. "Bella, I'm scared that Yvonne might be in trouble!"
"Drew, if Yvonne sent the video to you just now, she should still be safe at this moment. Don't be too worried." Justin comforted him gently.
"At this moment... What about later?" Drew gritted his teeth fiercely, "I must save Yvonne from that hellish place!"
"Drew, don't act rashly now! Otherwise, you might draw the fire to Yvonne, placing her in a more dangerous situation. After all, she's still in Christopher's control!"
Bella's gaze burned, saying decisively, "The video getting leaked does not prove that it was Yvonne who provided it. But if you couldn't hold it and make a move, it would be like telling Christopher that Yvonne was the traitor. Then, he can get rid of Yvonne anytime, and you will be helpless!"
Drew panted frustratingly, but he had at least calmed down.
"Drew, don't worry. When it's time, Bella and I will do everything in our power to help you rescue Ms. Yvonne."
It might sound like empty words from someone else, but when Justin said it, it was a firm vow, bringing Drew immense insurance.
"Thank you, Justin. With your words, I feel assured."
After receiving the news, the chief, who was on a business trip at Hatchbay, returned to Savrow overnight and demanded Ralph immediately release Deputy Chief Hopkins, accompanied by a public apology. "Forget about the apology. After all, Captain Ralph was only concerned about my safety."
Owen put on a generous attitude as if he did not care about it and walked out of the interrogation room with the chief by his side. "Let this matter end here. I'm fine. I also hope you won't hold Captain Ralph responsible."
"That won't do!" The station chief sternly said, "That brat caused you so much trouble and detained you for several hours, violating the protocol. We can't let him off lightly. He must be punished!"
Owen tugged at his lips and said nothing more.
He had nothing against Ralph, but Ralph was Bella's brother and had a close relationship with Justin. If he could take this opportunity to suspend him, he could no longer continue investigating him, and his secret dealings with Christopher would be under wraps.
So, he could only sacrifice this subordinate. He had no other choice.
However, before the two got far, they saw Ralph coming toward them with two other colleagues from the criminal investigation team. He walked straight towards Owen and blocked his path.
"Ralph! What are you up to again?" The chief was furious.
Ralph fearlessly looked straight into Owen's cold eyes, his expression serious and unyielding.
"I'm sorry, Deputy Chief Hopkins. You won't be walking out of here tonight. We have obtained new
evidence, proving that you are related to a murder case."
The chief was shocked and in disbelief. "Murder case? Ralph, what nonsense are you spouting? How could Deputy Chief Hopkins possibly kill someone?!"
"We would not arrest someone without evidence."
As he spoke, Ralph stepped forward and clasped the cold handcuffs around Owen's wrists.
Owen's hands clenched into fists, his expression visibly becoming pale.
They returned to the interrogation room once again, and the atmosphere this time was extremely heavy, cold, and suppressing.
"I didn't kill anyone." Owen calmed his emotions, his resolve almost unshakable.
"Is that so? Why don't we watch a video to refresh your memory?" Ralph played the video right in front of
him.
###chapter2127
Chapter 2127
Owen's calm and emotionless eyes suddenly widened. The video showed that dark alley behind the club, where Elias, boss of the Southern Star Syndicate, was holding an underling on the ground, punching and kicking him.
Then Elias left the crime scene.
After he left, the subordinate was clearly still alive, even trying to get up from the ground.
At that moment, a shadow jumped down from the edge of the wall.
Ralph's gaze stayed fixed on Owen, noticing that the muscles around his eyes had become stiff.
The man in the video wasted no time. He stepped on the subordinate, picked up a stone, and smashed it on his head-once, twice, thrice....
The subordinate collapsed to the ground, head full of blood, now dead.
The surroundings were dimly lit, hiding the killer's face in the dark.
However, it seemed like even fate itself sided with justice, wanting to expose this heinous crime. The nightclub's neon sign suddenly changed its lights at that moment.
Although the light flickered for only a second, it coincidentally revealed the killer's face.
Owen's face, stained with blood, ghostly and sinister, was revealed. It was unmistakable.
"After we received this video, we immediately sent it to the tech department to analyze it. The results proved no signs of editing, and the person in the video is indeed you, Deputy Chief Hopkins."
Ralph's voice was firm and steady, each word like a sharp nail, pinning Owen together with the crime he committed. "Besides, we've compared your physical characteristics with the traces left at the crime scene, and the match was as high as 98%. Now, we have solid physical evidence and video evidence. Even without your confession, we can still charge you with intentional murder and convict you!"
The interrogation room was filled with deadly silence.
After a long while, Owen suddenly burst into wild laughter, his metal cuffs cracking against the table, making a piercing and eerie sound. "Yes, I killed him. I dealt the killing blow after Elias left and framed the murder on him. Didn't you already arrest me? Go ahead. Prosecute and convict me. I won't appeal."
"You are a Deputy Chief with no personal vendetta against the victim from the Southern Star, and you two have never been in contact. Why did you appear at the crime scene for no reason? Why did you climb over the wall and brutally murder that man? Why did you try to frame someone else? Did someone instruct you to do so?" Ralph questioned further.
But Owen calmly closed his eyes, refusing to speak another word no matter how the interrogation went.
The next morning, Christopher headed to the Iverson Group headquarters.
He swallowed a few dozen pills on the way. After all, his body had not fully recovered yet, and he could only rely on the medication if he did not want to be hospitalized.
In the wide, cold corridors of the building, Christopher walked toward the meeting room with Taylor by his side.
At this moment, Taylor's phone vibrated, and he immediately picked up the call.
Soon, his eyes widened in shock, and he hung up while trembling.
"What's wrong?" Seeing Taylor losing his composure, Christopher frowned and asked.
"Mr. Christopher, something bad has happened! Owen is controlled by the police now, and they wanted to prosecute him with the charge of murder!"
Christopher was stunned. "Murder? How come?"
"I heard someone provided evidence to the police, proving that Elias did not kill anyone. The killing blow was dealt by Owen! The entire crime was recorded. He could not argue his way out!"
The next second, Christopher's vision went black. A metallic taste rose in his throat, and his body lurched forward.
"Mr. Christopher!"
Bright red blood spurted from his mouth, staining his pale lips.
###chapter2128
Chapter 2128
Taylor froze in fear and immediately made an urgent call to cancel the meeting.
He supported Christopher back to his office and laid him down on the sofa. Christopher's chest heaved, feeling as if his organs were on fire.
His trembling hand touched his burning forehead, and his vision faded in and out.
"Mr. Christopher, please drink some water!"
Taylor knelt on one knee beside him, his eyes red with anxiety as he pressed a glass against Christopher's blood-stained lips. "I've called your doctor, and he's rushing here as fast as possible. Please hold on..."
Christopher raised his hand and slapped the glass away, his voice broken and hoarse. "For many years... Owen has done all the dirty work for me and has always cleaned up the scene, leaving no traces. How could he leave behind evidence? And a video at that!"
"Accidents will happen when he keeps walking on the edge! Although Owen is extremely capable, he's not a god."
Taylor gritted his teeth. "Since he's fallen into the hands of the police, we can't keep him alive! I'll do everything in my power to silence him as soon as possible. We can't let the fire spread to you!"
"You make it sound easy," Christopher coughed weakly, "Owen is a Deputy Chief. He is of high status. Even if he committed a crime, he would be detained in a special cell first, under strict security. Our men can't sneak in."
Taylor's lips pressed into a thin line, feeling anxious.
Soon, the doctor arrived and performed an examination and simple treatment for Christopher.
"How is Chairman Iverson?" Taylor nervously asked.
"Was Chairman Iverson taking various medications over the years? Strong ones too?" The doctor asked hesitantly.
Taylor's heart skipped a beat. "He has taken some... So what is his situation?"
"Chairman Iverson has a history of medication use, and that medicine has produced a negative effect on his organs. He was also hospitalized recently and increased the dosage to stabilize his condition. The two types of medicine clashed in his body, and his organs were overloaded."
"Then why did Chairman Iverson vomit blood?!"
"His organs are damaged. Combined with extreme emotional duress, his stomach produced too much acid and eroded his blood vessels, which led to internal bleeding. However, to understand the specific situation, we need to get Chairman Iverson to the hospital for a proper examination!"
Taylor's heart sank, and he waved his hand. "Thank you. You can go now."
After the doctor left, Christopher took some more medicine, and his breathing gradually stabilized.
"Right now, there's something that's puzzling to me." Christopher sat up with Taylor's help, his gaze vicious and terrifying. "The video was recorded at the crime scene. Since that person has the evidence, why didn't they do anything for two months but only report him now?"
Taylor was stumped and could not answer.
"Elias took the fall, and the Southern Star Group suffered a heavy blow because of that. If they revealed the evidence back then, wouldn't all the troubles have been solved?"
Christopher's dark eyes were covered with a layer of frost. "The only possibility is that they have only just gotten the evidence. Earlier, you told me that Yvonne left Pivotage once?"
Taylor's expression instantly stiffened, and his hair stood on end. He vowed, "Chairman Iverson! I swear, Yvonne was with me the entire time. She didn't even touch her phone or leave my gaze. Even if she had the intention, she wouldn't have the chance! Besides, I monitor her calls 24/7. She never called anyone. It's definitely not her!"
"Are you sure she didn't leave your sight for even a second?" Christopher said gloomily.
Taylor suddenly recalled that car accident.
He indeed left for a while to handle the accident, and Yvonne was alone in the car for two or three minutes. But she never met anyone. How could she have gotten hold of any video evidence?!
###chapter2129
Chapter 2129
"Really, she didn't meet anyone. I swear!" Taylor's expression remained unchanged, but his heart beat wildly.
Christopher leaned back, curling his lips coldly. "It seems you really like her."
"I..." Taylor stammered in a panic, but his face turned red.
"In that case, let me call the shots once. You should marry Yvonne."
Taylor's eyes widened in surprise. "You... You want me to marry Yvonne?!"
"You've always fancied her, and I know that much." Christopher closed his eyes casually, "It's been a long time since the Iverson Group has anything to celebrate. You served me loyally all these years and have never asked for anything. I'm not a heartless person. I know what you desire most in your heart, so I'll give you Yvonne. If you don't mind, treat it as a token of appreciation from me."
Taylor was so excited that his lips trembled, almost crying in joy. "Thank you... Thank you! Chairman Iverson, it's my honor to be able to marry Yvonne, and it's a blessing from you. How would I mind? I would even smile in my dreams!"
"Start preparing for the wedding soon. I'll definitely give you and Yvonne a generous wedding gift."
Christopher's smile did not reach his eyes. "You should have the wedding back in Sentania. After that, ask Yvonne to live in Sentania and don't come back to Savrow. Unfortunately, that means you would have to travel between two places."
Taylor seemed to realize something, and his heart tightened. "Yes, Chairman Iverson. I understand. But, about Owen... How are you planning to handle it?"
"He was in the police force for decades, so he should know how to judge the situation." Christopher's slightly narrowed eyes revealed a hint of dark, cold glint. "Besides, his weakness is still in my hands. If he's smart, he should know the consequences of betraying me,"
The news of Deputy Chief Owen Hopkins' arrest for murder had caused a nationwide uproar, completely shattering the public's perception.
Now that the real culprit was brought to justice, Elias, who had been framed to take the fall, was finally cleared of murder charges. Although the prosecutor still charged him with assault, it was much lighter in terms of sentence, giving him a new chance at life.
Due to the wrongful prosecution, combined with Elias' good behavior during his time in jail, the Jenkins family was able to bail him out on a reduced sentence.
On the day of his release, Bella and Sasha came to pick him up together.
"Ms. Sasha... Sorry to trouble you!"
Upon seeing Sasha, the person always on his mind, Elias felt a mix of emotions. The gang leader, fearless even when faced with the toughest of enemies, almost shed tears.
"Elias, what are you saying? We are a family!" Tears welled up in Sasha's eyes as she walked forward to hug him. "You've suffered."
"It's nothing. It's all thanks to Ms. Bella and Mr. Salvador that I'm able to come out again." Elias cast a grateful look at Bella.
"Mr. Storm, I didn't do much to help clear your name." Bella's eyes shone with a captivating light. "You must thank a girl who provided the key evidence. She is brave, determined, and smart. I can't compare to her no matter what."
Sasha and Elias said in unison, "Who's our benefactor?!"
Bella curled her red lips mysteriously and said gently, "It's my sister-in-law."
At that moment, Bella's phone rang. It was a call from her lover.
"Justin, how is it?"
"Bella, Owen admitted that he killed the victim, but apart from that, he refuses to say anything." On the other hand, Justin's voice was heavy. "It'll probably be difficult to make him sell out Christopher."
###chapter2130
Chapter 2130
Bella avoided Sasha and Elias, continuing her call with Justin under a tree.
"Every crime leaves evidence. Ralph is an expert in solving cases, so given time, if a special task force is set up to investigate Owen, they will definitely find some trace of Christopher's involvement."
"I'm afraid it's not that easy, Bella." Justin's breath was heavy. "Ralph said he checked Owen's bank account and call records, but Owen didn't have any unusual income over the years, not even foreign- sourced income.
"Although there were a few suspicious, unknown numbers from his call records, they were all made from different phones and unregistered. We're unable to identify the callers. Owen himself is a policeman. If he committed crimes, he would be more professional than a criminal, with strong anti-surveillance skills." "It's indeed tough if there's no transaction records." Bella's hand clasped behind her back, pacing back and forth. "It means that he was not tied to Christopher because of profits. Everything he did was for the success of the new drug's development, to save his wife. That's why he worked for Christopher without hesitation. His conviction is too strong."
Justin gritted his teeth. "If that's the case, it would be an impossible mission to make him betray Christopher."
Bella narrowed her eyes. "Perhaps not entirely impossible."
"Bella, do you have a plan?"
"I don't have any plans. I could only gamble once more."
"Gamble on what?"
Bella's clear eyes flashed with a sharp light. "Human nature."
The other end of the phone went silent.
After a while, Justin took a deep breath and saw through her thoughts. "You're gambling on Christopher's nature to be despicable to the extreme, making Owen lose trust in him completely?"
"Yes." A warm feeling surged in Bella's chest. She loved how it felt to have a tacit understanding with the man she loved. "Given the firm cooperative relationship between them combined with Owen's strong desire for the new drug, Owen wouldn't betray Christopher even if he died.
"Unless, we completely destroy Christopher's image in his mind. Unless he sees that the person he always trusted to save his wife was a selfish demon. Besides, with Owen captured right now, no one would be caring for his wife. It's highly likely that Christopher would try to control his wife and threaten him."
"Bella, you're really perceptive. I was too shallow in my thinking, but you're always several steps ahead of me."
canp
Justin never hesitated to praise his wife. "But in fact, even if Christopher did nothing, he can probably get through this unscathed."
"Ha, trusting Christopher not to play dirty? I'd rather believe that pigs can fly!" Bella's gaze was cold as she sneered, "A man as despicable and shameless as Christopher does not deserve a capable subordinate like Deputy Chief Hopkins. The reason he's been able to commit such evil for so long is because he had leverage over many people, using them and reaping the benefits. He thought he had the whole world in control but neglected something."
Justin immediately responded, "Cornering a desperate man might backfire on him."
"Smart!" Bella blew a kiss on the phone.
"Darling, where are you?" The man's voice sounded restrained, but it was still extremely hoarse. "It's been a few days. Reward me tonight, okay?"
Bella's lashes fluttered. "Just once?"
"Three times." Justin's breath grew heavy, feeling as if it could envelop and wrap around her through the phone.
"Oh, right, Justin, let's get serious." Bella touched her flushed face, her expression turning serious. "We need to think of a secure plan to rescue Yvonne. Now that Owen has been caught, although Christopher does not have concrete evidence to prove that it was Yvonne who leaked it, he would definitely suspect Yvonne first! Her situation would be extremely dangerous. I don't want Drew to be heartbroken and regretful, and I don't want to sacrifice another innocent life!"
Justin comforted her softly, "Bella, don't worry. Drew and I will think of something for Yvonne."
The executive meeting at the Iverson Group was canceled due to Chairman Iverson's health, and he went home to rest.
As night fell, Pivotage remained bustling with indulgence and debauchery, people giving in to sensual pleasures.
Yvonne sat at the dressing table in her room, combing her long hair. Her red lips gradually curled into a smile.
The news of Owen's arrest caused an uproar in the city, so she heard about it. She was so happy that she had trouble sleeping for three days.
Christopher had spent so much effort to painstakingly build a domino castle over the years, but the most crucial tile had toppled.
Was it still far from the day this sinful city met its end?
Suddenly, the door was pushed open.
Yvonne's heart skipped a beat, and she quickly stood up, only to see Taylor, who had a flushed face, walking straight toward her as he stared intently.
She knew with one glance that he had been drinking, but he was merely tipsy, not drunk.
As Christopher's secretary and trusted aid, Taylor had always been on high alert, remaining clear-headed
and abstinent. The fact that he had been drinking tonight was unusual.
"You had something to drink?" Yvonne looked at him in surprise.
"Yvonne, I'm so happy!" Taylor smiled, his eyes glazed, and he suddenly grabbed Yvonne's soft waist, pulling her into his arms.
Yvonne's body was pressed tightly against him, and she could even feel the man's biological reaction, making her incredibly uncomfortable and nauseous.
"What are you doing? Let go of me!" She struggled with all her might, but the more she struggled, the
more excited the man was.
He firmly pinched her chin, forcing her to look into his eyes. "Yvonne, I have some good news. Something worthy of celebration."
Yvonne's heart raced with panic, her voice trembling. "What..."
"We're getting married." Taylor's alcohol-laden breath grew heavier, spraying on her nose and almost kissing her lips. "Chairman Iverson gave you to me. From now on, you're my wife... My woman!"
###chapter2131
Chapter 2131
"What did you say... It's impossible!"
Yvonne's eyes widened in panic as she struggled violently in Taylor's grip, her fists raining punches on the man's chest. "Nonsense! You're lying to me!"
"Yvonne... Yvonne..."
Taylor stared at her in a daze, totally disregarding her struggles as he breathed heavily. "How could I lie to you? My feelings for you are genuine. I've never lied to you!"
"I'm wearing this face... I'm wearing Bella's face. How could Chairman Iverson let you marry me?" Yvonne shouted and screamed, losing her composure. "I don't want to marry you... No!"
"Then who are you going to marry if not me? Drew?!" Taylor suddenly roared at her, his eyes bloodshot. Instantly, Yvonne felt as if a knife had cut into her heart. Her body turned rigid inch by inch in his arms. Taylor pinched her chin harshly as if trying to crush her bones. "You're run through by Chairman Iverson, and your face looks just like his sister. Do you think Drew would want you? Would he?!
"He is the distinguished young master of the Thompson family, held in a high position. What kind of woman hasn't he seen? He doesn't need to spend a penny for women to be throwing themselves at him, trying to get into his pants, dreaming and hoping of becoming the Thompson family's young madam!" Taylor's words were like blades, stabbing into Yvonne's heart until it was bleeding. "His interest in you is fleeting. He thinks you're beautiful, tragic, and pitiful. It's nothing more than the sympathy of someone in power for someone below them! But... I really love you! If it weren't for me speaking for you in front of Chairman Iverson, secretly protecting you, you'd have been killed by him long ago, do you understand?!"
Drew's bright and clear eyes appeared in Yvonne's mind. She choked up but could not say anything. Streams of tears uncontrollably flowed down her face, staining her delicate cheeks, so pitiful it was hard to look at.
"Owen was suddenly arrested. The evidence the police got hold of was from you, right?" Taylor's gaze darkened, and he asked sternly, "The person who recorded Owen's crime was Oscar, am I right?"
Yvonne's body trembled, and her face turned pale.
"Because he kept secretly monitoring Owen and me, I caught him in the act, which led to his downfall. After he died, I sent someone to search his laptop, phone, hard drive, and room thoroughly, but we didn't find anything. Ha... I didn't expect that brat to be quite clever, hiding the evidence where I couldn't find it. I really underestimated him!"
Thinking about how his oversight had led to the current crisis, Taylor's eyes bulged with hatred, almost wanting to dig out Oscar's body and kill him again. "Tell me. How did he hand you the evidence? Tell me honestly!"
"Haha... Hahaha!" Yvonne suddenly burst into laughter, her eyes filled with tears as they turned red, chilling to the bone. "What's the point of asking me this now? Deputy Chief Hopkins is also a pitiful man, deceived by Christopher to work for him, sacrificing his bright future... Do you think he regrets it now? But evil is evil. Whether it's him or Christopher, they won't escape from karma. Kill me, torture me, I don't care!"
Yvonne exploded. The immense hatred she had endured for years was finally unleashed at this moment." Even when I'm dead, I'll be watching from above as all of you fall into ruin and lose everything!"
Facing her raw confession, Taylor felt a surge of complicated emotions, mixed with love and hate.
However, in the end, the desire to possess her won over him.
He viciously tried to kiss her, but she struggled with all her might, refusing to let him touch her.
"Yvonne, don't worry. This is a secret between us. I won't let you die. I will marry you, love you, and spoil you..."
###chapter2132
Chapter 2132
Taylor's face was full of affection, moving heaven and earth, but it could not shake Yvonne's ashen heart. "I won't ask about your past. Whether you've betrayed Chairman Iverson... Because it's you, I don't care!"
"You don't care? You're loyal to Christopher, yet you don't care?" Yvonne thought it was a ridiculous joke, laughing until her eyes were red.
"I said I don't care because it's you! Besides, even if Chairman Iverson wants your life, I can protect you!" Taylor blurted out in panic, "Marrying me and becoming one with me is the only way to guarantee your safety. I swear that Chairman Iverson wouldn't dare touch you!"
Yvonne's pupils dilated, and she keenly caught the underlying meaning in his words.
He did not say "would not"; he said Christopher "wouldn't dare".
Although Taylor was loyal to Christopher, self-preservation was an instinct shared by both animals and humans.
Moreover, serving an unstable, cruel, and cunning man like Christopher was like walking on eggshells. To survive, Taylor must have kept some crucial evidence with him.
She calmed down and returned to her senses.
Yvonne bit the soft flesh inside her lip and swallowed the bitterness and blood, her body softening in Taylor's arms.
She rested her sweat-covered forehead on the man's shoulder, as if resigned to her fate.
Instantly, Taylor's heart thumped wildly, and he excitedly tightened his hold on her warm, delicate body. "Yvonne, we'll return to Sentania... It's surrounded by mountains and has beautiful scenery. We'll get married there. I love you, and I promise to protect you well. The only person who can make you happy is me. Drew could never do that!"
Yvonne's heart wrenched in pain, feeling like it was being torn apart, piece by piece, bloody bits flying around.
A week later, the police formed a special task force to investigate Owen's case thoroughly.
Ralph led his team to find not only a huge amount of illegal drugs in Owen's home but also various types of firearms, weapons, and even photos and information of a few victims.
It showed that the member of Southern Star Syndicate was not the first person Owen murdered.
Ralph submitted the evidence and information, and the entire police force took the case very seriously. They ordered Ralph to take down Owen and uncover the truth, determined to give an explanation to the victims' families.
But no matter how Ralph and his team took turns interrogating Owen and used every method possible, they could not make Owen speak.
Although his murder was proven, Owen refused to speak about his motivation and whether someone was behind him, looking like he was determined to take the blame for everything.
The case made zero progress.
On this day, Bella and Justin came to the police station.
"This man's mental fortitude is too strong. We can't get through him at all!"
Ralph punched the wall angrily. "Fuck, even those brainwashed victims of pyramid schemes weren't as willful as he is! It's too difficult!"
"Ralph, don't worry,"
Bella held Ralph's strong arm, slightly pursing her lips, and said, "Can you request your superiors to allow me to go in and talk to Deputy Chief Hopkins?"
"Bella, do you have an idea?" Ralph lowered his gaze and stared at her.
Bella smiled wryly, "It's worth a try. We'll attempt anything possible."
###chapter2133
Chapter 2133
They could not get through to Owen, and the higher-ups have been putting pressure on the chief.
Therefore, when they heard that Bella wanted to try negotiating with Owen, although it was not in line with the procedure, and Bella was also not a negotiation expert, solving the case was more important than anything. So, the chief made an exception, letting her meet and talk to Owen.
Outside the one-way glass window of the interrogation room, Justin and Ralph looked at Bella, who was inside confronting the suspect. Both men had heavy and worried expressions.
In the interrogation room, Owen's gaze was dark and inscrutable as he emotionlessly stared at the beautiful woman before him.
"Ms. Bella, at this point, I've admitted everything I should. I think there's nothing left for us to talk about."
"Deputy Chief Hopkins,"
"Please change the way you address me. I'm only a suspect who kills without blinking." Owen smiled self- deprecatingly.
But even when reduced to a prisoner, he still sat upright, his demeanor unshaken. Decades of navigating the political scene and the air of authority built from holding a high position could not be stripped away in a day.
"Okay, then I'll call you Mr. Hopkins."
Bella's eyes were gentle, and she said politely. "I know you've come to this point today not because you're evil, but because you were forced to."
"You're wrong. Every step I've taken in my life was my own choice." Owen tugged at his lips, "Ms. Bella, I'm willing to meet you and sit here, listening to your pointless nonsense because you saved my wife. I've already confessed to my crimes. I won't say a word about anything else. Please leave."
Outside the window, Justin clenched his jaw, secretly curling his fists into a ball.
"Justin, don't be nervous. Bella must have a plan." Ralph noticed his nerves and patted his shoulders reassuringly.
Bella steadied herself and placed a report she prepared before Owen.
"What's this?" The man lowered his eyes.
"The analysis report of the drug you see as your last hope from a reputable institution." Bella looked at him nonchalantly.
Owen's pupils contracted, a crack appearing on his cold expression.
"The reason you're protecting the man behind you, even at the cost of committing crimes for him, was to save your wife, who has Alzheimer's. But you never considered that this new drug development was a ridiculous scam from the start."
Bella's voice was calm, but the light that shone beneath her eyes was as cold as blades, seemingly piercing through the man's trembling soul!
"What did you say? What scam?" Owen clenched his jaw.
"The report clearly stated that the so-called new drug is merely a type of neuroleptic." Bella's voice deepened. "It does not have any treatment effect toward Alzheimer's, and it causes other side effects, even
carrying the risk of poisoning if overdosing. This was also why many people collapsed and convulsed, eventually dying after consuming the drug.
"If there's any difference between the new drug and neuroleptics, it's that it has a more complicated composition, and even it contains three types of strictly prohibited substances in our country due to their highly addictive potential. Rather than saying it's a medicine, it's more accurate to call it a narcotic."
The word "narcotic" made Owen's sight instantly go dark.
He was a police officer who once despised drugs, but never in a million years would he imagine that he would be involved with them.
It was undoubtedly turning his values, his goals, and his faith upside down.
"Impossible. You're lying!" Owen's cuffed hands clenched into fists tightly. "This analysis report is fake, right? It's a tool you're using to deceive and trick me!"
At this moment, Ralph furrowed his brows outside.
"He took the bait. He's indirectly admitting that his murders were related to the new drug's experiments." Justin nodded. "Owen is a cleaner. His worth is to clear all the obstacles for the mastermind behind the drug research, ensuring that the experiments could carry on secretly."
Ralph shook his head. "What a pity. He's a distinguished Deputy Chief with admirable achievements, but he chose to dance with the devil."
Justin stared at Bella's face, slightly parting his lips. "It's not his intention. He was desperate to save his wife."
Ralph sighed indignantly. "He's pitiful, but more despicable and hateful."
"I don't have to do that. Besides, you were deep in the middle of the conspiracy, handling many problems for the mastermind. You must have had your doubts. After all, the people who consumed the drug had such tragic fates, don't you think so?" Bella struck while the iron was hot.
Her words hit home for Owen. He slumped back dejectedly, eyes turning bloodshot.
In fact, Owen had long been suspicious. However, he did not dare to ask Christopher, holding on to a sliver of hope that the drug would save his wife.
In the chairman's office of Iverson Group, Christopher continued reviewing documents after taking his medication.
Putting aside his character, he was hardworking and diligent in his work. If Justin was the number one workaholic in Savrow, he could compete for second place.
At this moment, his phone vibrated on the table.
Behind the golden-rimmed glasses, Christopher glanced at the name on the screen, and his face instantly paled.
"Ms. Amaryllis." He lowered his voice.
"Chairman Iverson, your trusted aide is now under the police's control and has become a major threat." Clarice's voice carried a hint of mockery, coming from another continent. "The Boss is very concerned about your situation now."
"Please assure him that I will take care of the problems here." Christopher gripped the fountain pen tightly, his knuckles turning white.
"You're confident, but the Boss does not have much patience left." Clarice smiled. "The weather at Meridan is really not as good as back home or Savrow. It's not beneficial for the Boss's health. Besides, the Boss's homesickness has intensified over the past two years, and he's in a rush to return to Savrow."
She lowered her voice. "But look at all the trouble you caused. How can the Boss return peacefully? You've really let us down."
###chapter2134
Chapter 2134
Christopher felt as though he was being roasted alive, every inch of his body burning and aching faintly." Sorry, but please ask the Boss to be rest assured. I will definitely resolve all the troubles here at Savrow!" "You make it sound so easy." Clarice smiled coldly, "But since you became the Iverson Group's chairman, you haven't accomplished a single thing. Instead, Bella and Justin were stomping on you."
Christopher closed his reddened eyes, full of hatred and unwillingness. His gums were aching from clenching his teeth so hard.
"Chairman Iverson, don't blame me for not reminding you. You'd better get rid of the hidden threat properly. This is the last chance the Boss will give you."
The woman's voice was as cold as ice. "If you fail again, you know what fate awaits you."
Christopher had just opened his mouth, but the other end abruptly ended the call.
Facing the pitch-black screen, he only felt as if surrounded by a chill creep, falling into the endless abyss.
At this moment, someone knocked on the door.
After Christopher snapped back to his senses and responded, Taylor walked in with a bright smile, wearing a brand-new suit.
"Chairman Iverson, I've already proposed to Yvonne, and she agreed to marry me." Taylor could not conceal the joy in his eyes.
Christopher's pale face was emotionless. "Is that so? Congrats."
Taylor respectfully placed the wedding invitation before him. "I've already chosen the time and place of the wedding. I genuinely hope you can attend our wedding."
Christopher picked up the invite and looked at the date, saying coolly, "Taylor, I'm afraid I might not be able to attend your wedding."
Taylor's heart tightened, faintly sensing something. He asked with concern, "Chairman Iverson, did something happen? You can just tell me. I can postpone the wedding to help you get through this!"
"I understand your intentions. You've been with me for ten years. I might not trust others, but I trust you." Christopher's eyes revealed a rare hint of gentleness. "But in these turbulent times, before Owen's matter is resolved, I don't have the mood."
Taylor's face darkened. "Chairman Iverson, please give the orders."
"Have Attorney Lyles find some time to meet with Owen soon."
Christopher gradually got up and walked to the window, standing with his back facing the light, exuding a chilling aura. "As long as we take his wife as hostage firmly under our control, Owen will take everything about me into his grave."
Taylor nodded in agreement. After all, Owen was fiercely protective of his wife.
Although despicable, taking one's family hostage has always been a surefire strategy since ancient times. "Owen has a few lives on him, and the police have investigated him thoroughly. He's doomed." Taylor paused and lowered his voice. "But Chairman Iverson, after Owen is dead, how are you going to handle his wife? I remember you promising him that no matter what happens, you will keep his wife safe..."
"Ha, when have I ever kept my word?" Christopher sneered, his dark eyes full of malice. "Besides, he contacted Justin in private. He's not loyal to me at all. This restless man expects me to take care of his wife
after he's gone? How delusional."
"You're right."
Christopher lowered his eyes and pulled out a delicate steel box from his pocket. He opened it. A filled syringe lay in the box.
Taylor squinted at it. "Chairman Iverson, this drug... Didn't the Boss give it to you?"
"I've said that this thing would come in handy at the crucial moment." Christopher's eyes flashed with a dim and ambiguous light.
Justin and Ralph immediately went up to Bella just after she stepped out of the interrogation room.
"Bella, what do you think?" Ralph asked eagerly.
But Justin stayed calm, his arms gently wrapping around her slightly stiff shoulders, silently accompanying her.
Bella pursed her lips. "Although Owen did not budge until the end, I could see that he's started to sway. But there's just no opportunity to push him over the edge."
Justin's gaze deepened. "Bella, what do we need to do now?"
After a short silence, Bella said, "Wait."
Ralph was confused. "Wait for what?"
"For a certain venomous snake to feel guilty and present the opportunity to us, trapping himself in his own web!" Bella had the confidence of a top-tier strategist.
"Would it work? Besides, Christopher is cunning and devious. He was always a step ahead of us. Could he be so foolish this time?" Ralph was still uneasy.
"But it's different this time."
Bella held Justin's large hands, sliding her fingers through his hands, interlocking their fingers. "This time, we will take the initiative. As long as we guarantee Owen's safety, not even the heavens can save him."
"Bella, I understand what you mean." Justin's gaze on the woman gradually grew intense. "We can predict everything in this world except for the human heart."
###chapter2135
Chapter 2135
The days passed by, seemingly peaceful, but there was a strong current underneath.
On the fourth day, a black vehicle stopped in front of the police station. Attorney Lyles stepped out, standing at the entrance with a gloomy face. He took a deep breath before walking inside.
In the visitor's room, a police officer stood guard at the door as Owen met with Attorney Lyles.
"Mr. Hopkins..."
Attorney Lyles had just started to speak when Owen interrupted him, his gaze dark as the endless abyss.
"Attorney Lyles, you don't need to say anything. I understand. I've told the police many times that I did everything by myself. It has nothing to do with anyone else. No matter what my sentence is, I won't appeal."
Attorney Lyles gritted his teeth, and while he was hesitating, Owen spoke again. "But, before the dust has settled, I want to meet Chairman Iverson one last time. I have some things I want to ask him in person." "Mr. Hopkins, Chairman Iverson's status is different now. He will never see you again." Attorney Lyles lowered his voice, his heart racing with fear at the mention of Christopher's name.
Owen's dry lips pursed into a straight line, his fists clenching tightly.
"Also, I came this time under Chairman Iverson's orders to pass a message to you." Attorney Lyles gradually leaned closer to him. "Chairman Iverson said that you might not have the chance to turn things around, given all the crimes you've committed. In that case, you should go peacefully. He will take care of your funeral and your wife..."
Before his words fell, Owen's heart twisted in fear.
"As long as you admit to the crimes and accept your sentence, Chairman Iverson will help take care of your wife. Otherwise, he can't guarantee whether any natural disaster or accident will befall her."
After saying that, Attorney Lyles got up and bowed deeply at Owen, then turned around and left the visitor's room.
Owen was left sitting there stiffly, his eyes reddening, the burning anger around him almost devouring him entirely, turning him into ashes.
Suddenly, there was a roaring sound in his ears, much like the sound of a building collapsing in an instant. It was also the sound of his faith crumbling.
Attorney Lyles walked out of the police station with a gloomy expression. His phone rang just as he was about to get into his car.
A message entered his sight. [Attorney Lyles, Mr. Salvador knows you're in a difficult situation and can't help yourself. Can we have a private talk with you?]
The words were cold and emotionless, but it made this man, who was nearly fifty, tear up slightly.
Soon, that person sent him an address nearby the police station.
Attorney Lyles' heart thumped wildly, and he said to the driver without a change in his expression, "You can go back first. I've known Deputy Chief Hopkins for some time, and I can't bear seeing him end up like this. I feel quite upset and want to take a walk by myself."
The driver was arranged by Taylor to monitor Attorney Lyles' every move.
"Alright. Be careful." The driver cast an ambiguous glance at him, stepped on the gas pedal, and left.
Ten minutes later, Attorney Lyles arrived at the agreed location.
At the same time, a low-profile black van drove up steadily and stopped in front of him.
Ian got out of the car, and the door to the backseat slowly opened.
Attorney Lyles did not see Justin's face, but he saw his long, crossed legs, spotless gray pants, and black leather shoes, which showed off his status and intimidating presence.
"Attorney Lyles, Mr. Salvador has always wanted to meet you. Please get in the car." Ian smiled faintly and invited him politely.
Attorney Lyles' breath hitched, bile rising in his throat.
Since Lance passed away and he was forced to support Christopher, he had never received such courteous
treatment.
###chapter2136
Chapter 2136
As soon as Attorney Lyles got into the car, Justin greeted him with a refined and elegant smile. He extended his hand to him first.
"Hello, Attorney Lyles."
"Nice to meet you, Mr. Salvador."
Attorney Lyles shook hands with the man. The powerful, steady aura that surrounded Justin immediately eased his tension.
"Mr. Salvador, if I may speak frankly, I'm the Iverson Group's attorney. Isn't it a little inappropriate to meet you in private like this?" Attorney Lyles stated directly, testing the waters.
"Although we're on opposite sides, and I have a deep, lifelong grudge against Christopher, I've always believed in dealing with grudges directly without involving the innocent or those caught in the middle." Justin's expression remained poised, his tone carrying a deeper meaning. "Besides, I've always felt that you and I are not enemies. Perhaps we're just friends standing on different sides."
"Friends..." Attorney Lyles' eyes warmed, almost unable to believe what he was hearing.
"And since you've risked your life to meet with me, I believe you already see me as an ally in your heart. Am I right?" Justin's voice was gentle, and his words were spot on.
Just as Justin finished his sentence, Attorney Lyles, a top attorney and a man in his fifties, broke down in tears in front of the younger Justin, his voice full of anguish.
"Mr. Salvador, I can't take it anymore. I don't want to stay by Christopher's side for another day... People aren't treated like humans before him. They're treated like animals, like mere creatures! Back then, when I served Chairman Lance Iverson, though he had flaws, he was considerate and took good care of my family. But after his death, Christopher has been secretly watching my wife and son all year. If I ever harbor any disloyalty, my family's lives will be at risk! He knows how loyal I was to Chairman Lance, and to control me, he only uses the safety of my loved ones as leverage. It's a tactic that's never failed him. He's despicable and wicked!"
Upon hearing Attorney Lyles' accusations, Justin furrowed his brows, while Ian, standing beside him, sighed in frustration.
"The Iverson Group is merely a cover for Christopher's dirty businesses. Behind the scenes, he's involved in smuggling and drug trafficking... There's no crime he hasn't committed. He's a lawless fiend! He even... He even forced me to alter Chairman Lance's will!"
Justin's eyes darkened. "What happened?"
"Chairman Lance knew his health was declining, so he had me act as a notary and make his will in my presence. He didn't leave Christopher a single penny, whether it was the management rights to the Iverson Group or the family's wealth."
Attorney Lyles continued angrily, "Christopher seized it all by force. He usurped what wasn't his!"
Justin's sharp eyes narrowed slightly. "Attorney Lyles, may I ask you a question?"
"Please, ask anything. I'll tell you everything I know!"
"Does Christopher have anything to do with Chairman Lance's death?"
Attorney Lyles' pupils contracted sharply. "Although I didn't witness it... He definitely has something to do with it! Although Chairman Lance had heart disease, as long as he took his medication in time, he
wouldn't have died from a heart attack. Christopher was the only one with him at the scene that day. Chairman Lance always carried his heart medication with him. However, he didn't take it that day. Later, when I checked, I found that his medication was missing! Isn't it obvious? Christopher must have watched Chairman Lance suffer, refusing to save him!"
Ian said, "Well, that makes sense, but we have no evidence."
Attorney Lyles shook his head in helpless frustration.
"Christopher has committed countless crimes. It's unfortunate that Chairman Lance passed away. However, when it comes to convicting Christopher, his death won't make much of a difference."
Justin fixed a serious gaze on him. "Attorney Lyles, if I asked you to step forward and accuse Christopher of altering the will and illegally seizing property, would you do it?"
"I can. But I'm worried about my family..."
"Don't worry. My wife and I will do everything in our power to ensure you and your family's safety. I can use my private jet to send your wife and son abroad, and Christopher won't be able to trace any of their travel records. If he wants to find them, he can search the whole world. Once the situation in the country stabilizes, I'll bring them back to you. How does that sound?" Justin's words were earnest and sincere.
Attorney Lyles wiped away his tears, nodding with overwhelming gratitude.
"Alright... I'll cooperate fully with you to eradicate this sinner that is Christopher!"
After the plan discussion in the car, Attorney Lyles got out and left.
"Ian, bring some men and follow him discreetly. I'm worried about his safety." Deeply influenced by his wife, Justin had become increasingly cautious, always thinking one step ahead.
"Yes, sir!" Ian immediately got out of the car.
The black van headed toward Salvador Corporation.
Halfway there, Justin received a call from Bella. Her voice sounded clearly shaken, her tone trembling. "Justin, come to the police station now. Owen Hopkins wants to see us!"
###chapter2137
Chapter 2137
As soon as Justin received the news, excitement surged through him. He rushed straight to the police station.
Bella and Ralph were already waiting for him outside the interrogation room.
"Bella, I'm sorry I'm late," Justin said, catching his breath and immediately apologizing.
His gentlemanly manners were on full display.
"It's fine. I was just worried you might have had an accident hurrying over." Bella quickly stepped forward and used her sleeve to wipe the sweat from his forehead.
Justin held her delicate wrist tightly, his gaze locking onto hers.
"Bella, I just met up with someone. I have some good news to share with you!"
Bella's beautiful eyes lit up. "What's the good news?"
"Well, business first." Justin looked at Bella with a loving smile, gently brushing her nose with his fingertip.
"Owen Hopkins will be here soon. I'll personally interrogate him," Ralph said. His face lit up at the thought of finally making a breakthrough after all this time.
"Ralph, remember to be mindful of your tone." Bella reminded Ralph thoughtfully, "Hopkins used to hold a high position and was your superior. Even though he's now a criminal, people like him are often arrogant and unyielding at their core. So, you should treat him with respect. Be polite and guide him carefully. Don't be too forceful or put too much pressure on him."
"Come on! Do you think I don't know that? I haven't been working as a detective all these years for nothing," Ralph patted his younger sister's shoulder reassuringly. "Don't worry. I got this."
With that, he opened the door and stepped into the room.
As the door closed, Justin and Bella exchanged a knowing look, though Justin's eyes held a hint of confusion.
"What exactly happened? What made Hopkins suddenly decide to talk?"
Bella continued to play with her husband's calloused, slender fingers like they were her favorite toy. "The Iverson Group's head of legal department, Attorney Lyles met with Owen Hopkins today."
Justin curled his fingers playfully, teasing her and indulging her habit.
"I know."
"Huh?"
Suddenly, Bella's eyes lit up with realization. She quickly pieced everything together. "So, you met with Attorney Lyles in private? The good news you were going to tell me... Could it be that you convinced him to join our side?"
Justin's handsome brows furrowed slightly as he chuckled and shook his head. "Bella, must you be so sharp? It's like you can read my mind. I always feel like I'm naked around you."
"Hehe... Whether you're dressed or not doesn't make much difference to me." Bella's playful gaze showed a hint of allure. Her delicate fingers traced circles over his firm abdomen through his crisp white shirt. "I know where all your moles are, which spots are most sensitive, and exactly how many abs you have..."
In the middle of the police station, the young lady had the nerve to flirt openly. Not only that, her face remained calm.
"Bella, this is a police station," Justin murmured in his deep voice, his hand sliding around her slim waist, a place he could never resist.
"So what? We're an old married couple... Why are you pretending to be good?" Bella pouted in mock disappointment.
"Good?"
###chapter2138
Chapter 2138
The man could not help but chuckle softly. Justin moved his lips close to Bella's ear as he lightly nibbled on her cherry-red earlobe. "I just hate that I can't be with you the way I want to right now."
Bella lifted her head and locked her eyes with him. Her face flushed a deep crimson, making her look even more irresistible and charming.
Aside from the whirring camera recording everything, it was just Ralph and Owen in the interrogation
room.
"You may begin," Ralph said gently, gesturing for Owen to speak.
"Ralph, I must have disappointed you, right?" Handcuffed, Owen leaned back in exhaustion, his eyes filled with sorrow as he looked at Ralph.
"Do you want to hear the truth? Yes, you have," Ralph replied with blunt honesty.
Owen closed his eyes briefly. A faint and resigned smile appeared on his face. "I like your answer. I admire your honesty."
"I remember when I got awarded those first-class and second-class merit badges, it was your hands that pinned them on me. I can still hear you telling me to continue upholding justice, to fight against evil, and to be a good officer who serves the people."
Ralph took a deep breath. His gaze was intense with a storm of emotions. "When I first joined the force, your achievements were legendary. You were a role model for the entire force. So, how do you think I felt when I learned about everything you've done? Watching my steadfast beliefs crumble, I saw my idol collude with a devil. Do you really think that when I arrested you, all I felt was the satisfaction of bringing a criminal to justice?"
Owen's broad shoulders shook violently, and his once-proud posture crumbled inch by inch.
He buried his face in his hands. For a long time, the cold room echoed with his anguished sobs. Tears of regret streamed through his fingers, dripping steadily onto the table.
Ralph felt his chest tighten with an overwhelming mix of emotions, leaving him momentarily at a loss for words.
"Actually... Your investigation has always been on the right track." After a while, Owen wiped away his tears. He continued speaking in his broken and hoarse voice, "The person behind me is none other than the Iverson Group's incumbent chairman, Christopher Iverson."
Ralph's heart pounded fiercely in his chest. He held his breath, waiting for Owen to continue.
"You all know that my wife is a severe Alzheimer's patient. But now she's reached the final, critical stage." Owen closed his eyes as he sank into bitter memories.
"Three years ago, her condition began to worsen. I searched the world for treatments, used every connection, and spent all my savings. However, her condition never improved. Just when I was on the brink of despair, Christopher approached me. He told me that his boss owned a biological research institute that was developing a drug specifically for my wife's symptoms. With Meridan's advanced medical technology, what would take ten or even twenty years of research here could be done in just five years there!"
Ralph quickly asked, "What was the name of the research institute?"
"I think it was... RC."
"Who is the person behind Christopher?"
Owen shook his head weakly. "I don't know... Christopher is extremely secretive about this person. But I can tell he's utterly devoted to that person. It's almost as if he worships them. I'd go so far as to say... If the person asked Christopher to sacrifice his life for him, he wouldn't hesitate for a second. Now that I think about it... It's as if that person brainwashed Christopher. But who am I to judge? I got manipulated by Christopher myself."
Ralph's gaze darkened. "Go on."
"Christopher then brought the drug back to the country. To accelerate the collection of experimental data, he disguised it as a soft drug and spread it through the black market. That was when I became his cleaner, eliminating any obstacles that stood in the way of the drug trials. I served him willingly, believing that this drug would eventually save my wife's life. But now... it seems everything was wrong from the beginning."
"Christopher didn't approach you three years ago to form a mutual alliance. He lured you into a sinister trap. You weren't a fortunate man but rather a highly skilled tool he handpicked from the masses." Ralph stated bluntly, exposing Christopher's deceitful act.
"Your desperation for the new drug gave him the perfect leverage to control, manipulate, and use you as he pleased. Once he achieved his goal, he would cast you aside or even destroy you without mercy. Those assassins who attacked you the other night were undeniable proof of his intentions."
###chapter2139
Chapter 2139
Owen let out a bitter laugh. He then shook his head repeatedly.
He did not deny Ralph's words. Instead, he regretted the three years he had spent serving Christopher without question. He felt a deep sense of remorse, realizing just how unworthy it all had been.
At that moment, overwhelming regret consumed him.
It was not for the mistakes that had cost him the honors he had worked a lifetime to gain. He was devastated that a man who once lived with integrity and honor had become a mere pawn of the devil in his later years.
"Do you have anything else to confess besides what we found in your home?" Ralph asked directly.
"Yes."
Owen lowered his gaze. "I was also involved in Aaron Larson's case. Christopher directed me from behind."
Ralph's eyes widened in shock. "You killed Aaron Larson? Didn't he die from a suicide?"
"It was a suicide. But Christopher drove him to it. He even forged a suicide note and sent a lawyer to deliver it to Aaron, who carried it with him after that. After Aaron's death, I abused my power to ensure the police quickly closed the case as a suicide."
Ralph shook his head, still perplexed.
"Aaron Larson was the heir to the Larson family's businesses. How could he have been so easily manipulated by you all?"
"Because Christopher had a deadly piece of leverage over him."
Owen's eyelids twitched as he explained, "Aaron was a key partner for Christopher in Savrow. Christopher deceived Aaron into believing he was trafficking a new, highly profitable soft drug. Christopher initially presented this as an opportunity to lure Aaron into the trap. However, Aaron didn't realize he was merely assisting Christopher in conducting live human experiments for the drug. Christopher never intended to profit from it. He only wanted to achieve his goals. The conditions he offered were so tempting that Aaron took the risk and partnered with him."
Since the Larsons were related to Mila, who had now taken full control of the Larson family's business, Ralph was naturally more concerned about this matter.
"The Larson family is prestigious in Hatchbay, with billions in assets. Why would they turn to drug trafficking and associate with someone like Christopher?!"
"Alvin Larson and his son had recklessly expanded their business over the years. However, their investment in drug research yielded no results, leading their top investors to pull out. This created a cash flow crisis, which is how Aaron fell into Christopher's trap."
Ralph understood immediately. "So, what does Christopher have on Aaron?"
"The new drug experiments led to a series of deaths in Savrow. Aaron tried to back out and threatened that if anything happened to him, he would drag Christopher down with him. But again, you and I know exactly what kind of person Christopher is. He rewards loyalty and crushes opposition. Even a momentary slip of the tongue is enough for him to decide that he had to eliminate Aaron."
Owen's expression darkened, his eyes hollow and devoid of life. "So, one night, Christopher invited Aaron to a resort hotel in the suburbs under the pretext of a gathering. The night was one of debauchery. There
was wine, women, and indulgence. Lost in the chaos, Aaron ended up in a room with a girl. In the early morning, that girl died in bed. The cause of death? An overdose of hallucinogens, injected on Christopher's orders. But while Aaron was too drunk to realize it, Christopher framed him for the murder. Then he commanded me to dispose of the body before dawn."
Ralph's eyes widened with rage, his pupils dilating in shock. "What did you do with her body?"
"I dumped it at a construction site in the Eastern District. There was a half-poured concrete foundation. I threw her into it."
As he finished his sentence, Owen lowered his head.
Regret, guilt, and anguish made Owen's tears fall rapidly. Each drop hit the floor with a faint sound that echoed through the cold interrogation room. The small sound amplified, swelling into a deafening roar. It was as if an overwhelming wave was about to consume, drown, and obliterate him entirely.
Ralph's throat tightened as he looked at the man before him, his emotions tangled in a mess.
No matter what, Ralph could never forgive Owen, and the law certainly would not.
"So, Christopher also orchestrated Aaron's arrest? That way, when he forced Aaron to his death, he could also walk away unscathed, right?"
How insidious and ruthless! Even the deepest pits of hell would be too lenient for him.
"I know I've committed unforgivable sins. I deserve the harshest punishment. I will accept whatever judgment is passed on me. I won't argue or appeal."
Owen could not bring himself to meet Ralph's gaze, his voice choked and hoarse. "I... I only have one request. I hope you can protect and care for my wife... She knows nothing about any of this and has even lost the ability to take care of herself. I beg you... Please keep her safe from Christopher's clutches!"
###chapter2140
Chapter 2140
"Whatever you're thinking, Mr. Salvador and Ms. Thompson thought of it long ago. They've had people stationed around the hospital for quite some time now. Even the nurse looking after your wife is one of theirs. They've kept everything under wraps for reasons you surely understand," Ralph said, his eyes flashing with sharp intent.
"Thank you... Thank you, Ms. Thompson. Thank you, Mr. Salvador." Shaken to his core, tears streamed down Owen's face.
That afternoon, after the interrogation, Ralph led the criminal investigation team and search unit straight to the construction site in the Eastern District.
With the help of the police dogs, they quickly uncovered the decayed remains of the girl buried in the cement foundation.
They promptly sent the body back to the police station for an autopsy. Ralph then dispatched another team to the resort where the crime happened, hoping to find additional evidence.
Even if the chances were slim, he was not about to miss any opportunity to bring Christopher to justice.
Later that evening, Ralph visited Bella and Justin to inform them of Owen's confession and the case's developments that day.
The study fell into a prolonged, heavy silence.
Although Owen was indeed both pitiful and detestable, Christopher was the true evil mastermind manipulating everything.
"Given Christopher's character, he wouldn't simply use Aaron for drug trafficking. His aim definitely isn't just about making money."
Bella sat beside Justin on the couch. Despite not having much appetite, she graciously ate a piece of sweet pear that Justin had offered her. "I believe he's trying to destroy the Larson Group completely!"
At the thought of his mother, who was now the chairman of the Larson Group, Ralph felt a shiver down his spine.
"But don't worry, Ralph. With Aunt Mila having KS Groups's support and my assistance behind the scenes, the Larson Group won't fall," Bella softly reassured him.
"Thanks, Bella."
Still, Ralph remained confused. "But the Larson Group's base is in Hatchbay, not Savrow. They're a leading company in the pharmaceutical industry, with no overlap in business with the Iverson Group. Why would Christopher go after the Larson Group?"
Bella and Justin exchanged a knowing glance and replied in unison, "Because the Larson Group is a leading pharmaceutical company. That's exactly why he's targeting them!"
Ralph raised an eyebrow in surprise.
He felt like he was once again inadvertently interrupting the couple.
"It seems that the one targeting the Larson Group isn't just Christopher himself but also the mysterious boss behind him."
Bella picked up another piece of pear and brought it to Justin's lips. "The Larson Group is a leader in the
national pharmaceutical industry, Christopher just so happens to be helping his boss with new drug experiments. So, I suspect that this boss wants to enter the domestic pharmaceutical market. To dominate the market, he needs to eliminate his competitors."
"Bella, you're brilliant," Justin praised, holding her small hand while looking at her intently as he took the pear into his mouth.
No matter what he was eating, nothing seemed to stop him from praising his wife.
Ralph continued, "Owen mentioned that the research lab for the new drug is in Meridan, called... RC."
"It looks like we need to find a way to investigate this RC thoroughly," Bella said, her beautiful eyes deep with contemplation.
Just then, her phone rang. It was Steven calling.
"Hey, Steve."
"Ms. Bella, something's going on at the hospital!" Steven's voice sounded tense and urgent. "You were right. Christopher is indeed targeting Owen's wife!"
###chapter2141
Chapter 2141
In the dead of night, the hospital corridor was silent. There was only a lone nurse on duty at the front desk, her head nodding as she struggled to stay awake.
The surveillance cameras in the corridor flickered with red lights at that moment, indicating a loose
connection.
A man wearing a white coat and a mask, looking like a doctor, swiftly passed by the front desk and headed straight for Mrs. Hopkins' room.
He moved cautiously, glancing around to ensure no one was watching. Then he silently pushed open the door and slipped inside.
The figure on the bed lay curled up on her side, seemingly deep in sleep.
The man crept closer, step by step, and pulled a knife from his sleeve. Raising his arm high, he aimed to plunge the blade downward with vicious intent.
Suddenly, his vision went dark.
The person in the bed sprang up and threw the blanket over his head!
Panicked, the man wildly slashed and stabbed through the fabric. Just as he managed to tear the blanket away, he found himself staring down the barrel of a gun aimed squarely at his forehead.
"Don't move if you don't want your brains blown out."
In the dim room, Drew's sharp and penetrating eyes gleamed coldly. He wore a roguish grin. Yet, the menace in his expression was unmistakable.
Just then, the ward door swung open.
Steven and Ian burst in with a team, surrounding the man completely.
"Mr. Brown, are you alright?" Steven asked, his voice filled with concern.
"Pfft, I haven't even started yet. A blanket was enough to take this guy down."
Drew easily disarmed the man and raised an eyebrow. He sneered, "Dude, how dare you try to be an assassin with skills like yours? Better practice more in your next life."
His words were chilling.
The man's face turned ashen. His legs gave way, and he collapsed to his knees before Drew with a thud. "Talk."
Drew's cold eyes narrowed at the man as he pressed the gun barrel against his head. "Who's your boss? Spill it, and you might get off with an attempted murder charge. You'd serve fifteen to twenty years, walk out, and live your life. But if you stay silent, I can't guarantee you'll leave this room with all your limbs intact."
"I... I've never met my employer in person. He only contacts me by phone!"
Sweat drenched the man wet. "B-But I have his number! We've exchanged texts! He wired me a million dollars just the day before yesterday and promised another million if I succeeded! We even talked on the phone half an hour ago!"
Ian, fuming with rage, stepped forward and frisked the man. He then pulled out a phone from his pocket and handed it to Drew.
"Take him to the police station. I'll handle decrypting this phone."
Steven nodded quietly. "Thank you, Mr. Brown."
As they quietly escorted the man away, the room fell silent. It was as if the tumultuous events moments before had never happened.
After helping Bella, for some reason, Drew felt as if a heavy stone hung from his heart, nearly crushing the breath out of him.
An inexplicable sense of unease loomed over him. It was as though something major was about to happen. Suddenly, the phone in his pocket vibrated, and his heart skipped a beat.
He lowered his gaze and opened the message. His dark eyes narrowed sharply.
The message from Yvonne pierced deep into his heart, causing his vision to blur as he almost dropped the phone.
[Goodbye, Drew. I've left Savrow. Don't try to look for me. Even if you do know where I am, I won't see you.
]
Drew felt as if a knife stabbed his heart. With trembling fingers, he typed a reply. He pressed send several times before the message finally went through.
[Yvonne, please tell me where you are?!]
He waited for a while, but there was no response.
Unwilling to give up, his eyes reddened and teary, he sent another message, then another, in a frenzy.
[Yvonne! Answer me! I know you're there!]
[What do you take me as, Yvonne? Someone you can just decide not to see? You think you can control me?!]
[Yvonne, I can't live without you!]
[Yvonne, I love you... Do you love me? Answer me! Answer me! Answer me!]
After sending the last message, a reply came quickly.
The cold words cut like sharp knives, mercilessly stabbing and twisting in his gut.
[I don't think that was love. You just happened to be a ray of light in my dark world, showing me what brightness looks like. You gave me a feeling I had never experienced before. Love doesn't fade, but feelings do. Drew, I no longer feel anything for you. This is all I can do. If you truly love me, don't come near me again. I just want to live quietly somewhere in this world.]
The once brightly lit and extravagant Pivotage was dark and deserted tonight. It was as quiet as a grave. A sense of impending doom hung heavily over everyone in the Iverson Group, like the calm before a storm. "Chairman Iverson, everything is ready. You can leave Savrow at any time."
Taylor stood outside the balcony, watching Christopher play with a parrot. His heart was heavy with the weight of the situation. "The shell company we established in Sentania has already absorbed the Iverson Group's shares. It has gained enough control. Even if you are not in Savrow, you can still manipulate the Iverson Group. Even if we abandon everything here, it's just a matter of time before we establish a new company in Savrow from behind the scenes. But it's just a shame that all you've worked so hard for will be lost..."
"Thank you for your efforts," Christopher replied, his expression emotionless. His pale face, half- illuminated and half in the shadows, gave him a sinister, ghostly appearance.
He unlocked the shackles from the parrot's leg and released it into the air, watching as it flew into the night, knowing full well it wouldn't get far.
"But a company without the Iverson name means nothing to me."
Just then, Taylor's phone rang. He answered it. His face turned grim immediately, his brow furrowing
tightly.
"Chairman Iverson, the mission failed. The assassin got caught on the spot."
Christopher gently adjusted his glasses, his eyes dark and unfathomable, like a bottomless abyss.
"Our mole in the police department has suddenly been suspended and put under investigation."
Taylor gritted his teeth in frustration. "Only Owen knew the mole's identity. It seems he's switched sides! He has betrayed you!"
###chapter2142
Chapter 2142
Boom-
A deafening roar shook the night sky. It was as if the heavens themselves would collapse and crumble under the weight of the storm, unleashing a torrent of mud and sand.
"So, this day has finally come, hasn't it?"
Christopher stood with his back to Taylor. His hands clasped behind him. His figure, tall and imposing against the backdrop of the night, was as steadfast as a mountain, as pure as snow.
He did not show a hint of surrender, despondency, or defeat. Yet, an unmistakable sense of solitude seeped through, tugging at the heart.
Once upon a time, he had stood atop the world, basking in the glory of his successes, with prosperity as vibrant as a blooming garden.
Bang-!
A firework shot up, exploding in a dazzling display, painting the thick darkness of Savrow's night sky with vibrant colors. Its beauty and intensity were breathtaking.
But in the end, it left nothing behind but cold, lifeless ashes.
"I used to long for so much. I longed to return to Savrow, to make everyone in the Iverson family pay, to reclaim what was rightfully mine, and to take control of Savrow for Boss. But in the end, I realized none of that mattered to me. From the beginning, all I ever truly wanted was to be with Bella."
Taylor closed his eyes. He felt a deep sadness wash over him. He wanted to say something comforting, but words seemed hollow and inadequate at this moment.
"If I could choose again, I would give up everything I have just to hear Bella call me 'Chris' one more time."
Christopher slowly closed his eyes. In his mind, he saw the woman he loved most, her eyes bright and lively. She was standing amidst a sea of roses as red as fire, waving to him joyfully.
--"Chris! Come over here and play!"
-"Chirs! Don't be afraid! I'm right here with you!"
--"Chris, it doesn't matter if no one else cares about you. Having me as your friend is enough. Let's pinky swear to be best friends for a hundred years!"
-"One hundred years... No takebacks!"
Christopher gripped the railing tightly with his left hand, his right hand trembling as he covered his aching, tearful eyes, rubbing them hard. His once proud and upright figure gradually wilted, bending under the weight of his emotions. "Bella, I have never changed. But you have."
Taylor took a step forward but hesitated to get too close. He had never seen the boss he served looking so fragile and pitiable.
Yet Taylor dared not mention that even if given another chance, Bella would still, without hesitation, choose to be with Justin.
It was not solely because fate determined some things. It was also because love was uncontrollable and elusive.
More importantly, Bella and Justin shared the same vision and pursuit. They were at a harmonious
frequency.
Their souls were like two perfectly fitted puzzle pieces, each one the perfect companion for the other. No one else, no matter how perfect or outstanding, could ever replace either of them.
"Chairman Iverson, the situation has gotten bad. You must leave Savrow tonight and return to Sentania to avoid suspicion." Taylor's eyes filled with urgency. "The police will soon seal off Pivotage. Although it's not under your name, its connections to you are too numerous to withstand investigation! You must leave immediately!"
"Over the past two years, Pivotage has hosted countless high-ranking officials and dignitaries. Numerous Savrow officials have engaged in money-for-power and power-for-sex exchanges here. Many wealthy heirs have squandered their money, indulging in drugs, prostitution, gambling, even abusing hostesses, disregarding the law, and causing deaths. Every time, we were the ones who cleaned up their mess. "Investigating Pivotage means shaking up the entire political scene in Savrow. It would blow a hole in the sky of this city. Even if they do investigate, it won't go deep. At most, they'll shut us down and revoke our business license."
Christopher rubbed his face roughly, his voice hoarse and low. "You don't need to worry. Even if they come after you, you have the expense records of those high-ranking officials. The ledgers document every single transaction. Those are your life-saving assets. You've worked with me for a long time, and I won't let you get burned by this."
"I'm not worried about myself. I'm worried about you!" Taylor replied. While he indeed kept evidence to protect himself, his concern for Christopher at this moment was genuine.
That was just how complicated human nature was.
###chapter2143
Chapter 2143
"Why worry? I've faced and committed things far more terrifying, evil, and darker over the years." Christopher's pale eyelids drooped and trembled slightly. He reached out with his long, clean hand, attempting to grasp something in the air as if trying to catch butterflies, but he could grab nothing.
After a while, he let his arm fall to his side. His fists remain clenched but seemingly powerless. "Now, I have no other wish but to see Bella once more in my lifetime."
After catching the hired assassin, they safely transferred Mrs. Hopkins to a hospital under the KS Group.
After returning, Drew used his hacking skills to crack the phone number's owner and trace the message source within hours.
His efficiency surpassed that of the police's technical department.
After all, he was a specialist in this.
The villa was silent in the dark night. The man's trousers, shirt, and belt, along with the woman's dress and stockings, lay tangled together in a sensual mess on the bedroom carpet.
On the large bed, Bella lay naked in Justin's arms. His bare, hard chest pressed against her smooth back, and their faces glowed with the flush of passion, both sleeping soundly.
After several days of intense planning and strategizing, they were exhausted.
Yet, no matter how tired they were, they could not neglect their intimate life.
That night, Justin insisted on being satisfied. So Bella complied.
By the end of it, Bella was too drained to even take a shower and fell asleep without realizing when.
Suddenly, the phone on the bedside table rang continuously.
Justin, who tended to be a light sleeper due to old battlefield habits, only slept soundly when holding Bella. He slowly opened his eyes, but his lover only mumbled and turned over, continuing to sleep soundly. She was too adorable, softening his heart like a spring breeze. He could never get tired of watching her.
Worried that it might be something urgent and not wanting to wake Bella, Justin reached across her to answer her phone.
Seeing it was a call from Drew, his pupils narrowed as he quietly moved to the living room to answer. "Hey, Drew. It's me."
"Justin, did I wake you guys up? Sorry about that." Drew's voice sounded hoarse. It was like he was suppressing some strong emotions.
"No worries. Bella is still asleep."
Justin sat down on the couch, his dark blue silk robe hanging open, revealing his well-defined abs. " What's going on, Drew? Just tell me."
"I've identified the hitman's employer. They made the payment through a cross-border bank transfer. Even though they used a fake name, I managed to crack it."
Justin's brows furrowed. "Who is it?"
"It's Christopher's lackey, his secretary Taylor! He called the assassin from Pivotage. This is solid evidence of Taylor's crime. We need to hand it over to the police immediately. With the hitman in our custody, they can issue an arrest warrant for Taylor."
Justin leaned forward, the veins on his forehead pulsing, "Catching Taylor will sever Christopher's right hand and increase our chances of bringing him to justice!"
"Let's act tonight. I can't wait any longer! If you don't make a move, I'll go there myself!" Drew's voice was rough, filled with fiery emotion that resonated in Justin's ear, making even him feel anxious," Tonight, I must rescue Yvonne!"
###chapter2144
Chapter 2144
Justin could not bear to let Drew take such a dangerous risk alone. He got dressed quickly. After contacting Ralph and Ian, he prepared to head to Pivotage to assist Drew and rescue Yvonne.
That girl was not just their ally in the shadows, she was also going to be his and Bella's future sister-in-
law.
Justin felt compelled to help both emotionally and logically. There was no way he could stand idly by this situation.
Before leaving, Justin felt a deep longing for his beloved. He tiptoed back into the bedroom, kneeled on one knee by the bed, gently stroked Bella's soft hair and kissed her forehead, nose, and cherry lips. "Mmm... Justin... Don't go..." Bella's feather-like eyelashes trembled slightly, and her lips parted as she murmured softly in her sleep.
Justin's breathing became low and heavy.
His warm hand gently caressed his lover's cheek, his heart pounding fiercely, his chest rising and falling. He could not keep looking at her. If he did, he would not be able to leave.
"Sleep well, darling. When you open your eyes tomorrow morning, I promise I'll be the first thing you see, M
After obtaining the arrest warrant with the evidence provided by his fourth brother, Ralph led a team straight to Pivotage.
The crescent moon hung in the sky, and the night was cold and clear.
The atmosphere outside Pivotage was unusually quiet and desolate.
Justin and Drew arrived first. They expected the raiding process of Christopher's stronghold to be extremely difficult.
However, to their surprise, the luxurious den of revelry was completely dark tonight. Not only was it closed, but there were no guards at the entrance either.
Drew placed a password breaker on the door. After a few moments of operation, the heavy steel door suddenly swung open with a bang.
Inside, it was gloomy and dim, like a path leading straight to hell.
Clenching his jaw tightly, Drew took a step forward. However, Justin was already ahead of him.
Watching the man's broad and imposing figure, Drew felt a warmth in his chest.
Justin always put himself on the front line to protect Bella and her loved ones. In situations like these, he
did not even hesitate to go in front of Drew. He was ready to shield him from any danger.
It was just like the other time on South Island.
Drew gripped his gun tightly. With Justin leading him, they cautiously advanced deeper inside.
But the further they went, the more they felt something was off.
"What's going on? Even if they're not open today, there should still be someone here."
Drew's instincts screamed danger as he scanned the area, eyes cold and vigilant. "Could it be that we
tipped them off? Has Christopher already fled?!"
Just then, a faint rustling sound broke through the darkness.
"Who's there? Come out now!"
Drew's eyes sharpened instantly. He steadied his gun, aiming directly at the source of the sound in the shadows.
"Drew, hold your fire first."
Justin quickly intervened, placing a hand on Drew's wrist to calm him down. "It's two women. They must be the hostesses from this place."
Surprised, Drew slowly lowered his gun.
"Please! D-Don't kill us!"
Two young women with delicate features emerged from the darkness. They were both trembling with fear. They each dragged a suitcase behind them, clearly in a hurry to leave.
###chapter2145
Chapter 2145
"We... We're just hostesses from Pivotage. We don't know anything... Please don't kill us!" Even though the two men in front of them were incredibly handsome, the girls were still terrified to the point of tears. Justin's voice was stern as he questioned, "Why did Pivotage close down? Why are only the two of you left? Where is everyone else?"
"We don't know either. This is a core secret, and we're just hostesses. How could we possibly know?" One of the girls, slightly braver, stepped forward, shielding her friend behind her.
"Mr. Taylor dismissed all of us overnight..."
The girl behind her spoke timidly. "He gave each of us a severance payment and told us to leave. Pivotage is no more. We don't know anything beyond that..."
Justin's eyes narrowed sharply. Cold sweat immediately soaked his back.
Instead of saying they tipped him off, it made more sense that Christopher had already abandoned everything in Savrow and fled, planning to evade justice.
"What about Yvonne? Where is she?!" Drew shouted, his eyes bloodshot.
The two girls huddled closer together in fear. "We don't know... We don't know... Yvonne... She left yesterday."
Drew's voice broke. "Where did she go?!"
"We really don't know where Yvonne went! But that night, I accidentally overheard... Mr. Taylor talking to his men. He said he proposed to Yvonne, and she agreed to marry him. Maybe... They've gone abroad to get married."
Justin was stunned. "Get married?!"
In an instant, Drew felt his world turn upside down, his vision darkening. The blood coursing through his veins surged violently in his chest, alternating between hot and cold, crashing within him.
Tonight, Yvonne had bid him farewell, only to marry another man.
"No... No! Yvonne would never marry that bastard!" Drew slammed his iron fist against the wall until his knuckles were swollen and bleeding.
"Don't do this, Drew." Justin quickly stepped forward to intervene, his heart aching as well.
Just then, Ralph arrived with his colleagues.
Seeing Drew, who normally would not flinch even if the sky were falling, so emotionally distraught and losing control, Ralph looked at Justin with a mix of concern and helplessness.
"Ralph, these two girls are the hostesses left behind at Pivotage. They've been working under Taylor. We need to take them back for questioning. Maybe we can get some valuable information from them."'
Justin patted Drew gently on the shoulder to calm him down. "But I believe they are victims, too. Ralph, please make sure they're treated fairly and not overly pressured."
Ralph nodded firmly. "Of course!"
"Also, we need to monitor all major transport hubs in the city. If there's any sign of Christopher, we must detain him immediately. We can't let him leave Savrow!"
"It's too late, Justin!" Frustrated, Ralph punched the wall in anger. "I thought of that too and sent
colleagues to check before I came. It turns out Christopher left Savrow on a private jet three hours ago. By now, he's probably already out of the country!"
Justin's heart sank. "Is there any way to track his flight route?"
"I'm just a police officer. This is beyond my jurisdiction. Even if I had the means, it wouldn't be proper. After all, we only have enough evidence to charge Taylor right now. We don't have enough evidence to issue a warrant for Christopher. Owen's testimony alone isn't sufficient!"
The situation was once again at a stalemate.
It was like a chess game where, just as victory seemed within reach, a knight suddenly appeared, blocking the path.
Just as Justin pondered, his phone suddenly rang.
###chapter2146
 
The call was from Attorney Lyles. Justin's eyes flickered as he quickly picked up the phone. "Hi, Mr. Lyles."
"Mr. Salvador, there's big trouble at the Iverson Group!"
Justin had already made arrangements for Lyles' family to live overseas with professional bodyguards to ensure their safety, so Lyles no longer had to worry and was ready to fully support Justin.
"The Iverson Group is now under the control of a stand-in executive vice president, and it's been secretly purchased by a foreign investment firm from Sentania!"
A sharp glint flashed through Justin's clear, dark eyes.
Justin, an experienced businessman, instantly understood the true motivation behind Christopher's actions. The mysterious investment firm that acquired the Iverson Group was undoubtedly Christopher himself.
This sort of strategy was nothing out of the ordinary in the business world.
"With the howling winds and foes closing in from all sides, Christopher's dirty deeds are gradually coming to light."
Justin's voice was grave, and his thoughts whirled. "The Iverson Group has become a liability for him. He's the one who cleaned up the mess his father and brother left behind, and he is well aware of the methods he used to do it. There's no way it can stand up to scrutiny."
"It was exposed that his people were involved in arranging the contract killing. Even if Taylor admits to the crime, the police will still thoroughly investigate Christopher. This will likely have equally devastating consequences for him. Now, Christopher has no choice but to cut ties with the Iverson Group and go into hiding."
"However, Christopher is only cutting off his public association with the Iverson Group. Secretly, he's established a private investment firm to secretly acquire the company and become its true proprietor."
Lyles sighed in frustration. “Mr. Salvador, your analysis makes a lot of sense. I had my own doubts about this too!"
"Lyles, do you have any idea where Christopher is right now?"
"I've asked around everywhere, but nobody seems to know his whereabouts!" Lyles sounded helpless. "To him, I'm just a tool to clean up his mess. Why would he share something so important with me?"
Justin's voice grew gentler. "Don't worry, you've done a great job as it is."
"But while I was working with him, I used my position to get some dirt on him-I found proof that he was embezzling money and secretly transferring company funds. I also have a recording of him instructing me to negotiate with Deputy Chief Qwen Hopkins. If that recording got out, it would really mess him up; he wouldn't be able to talk his way out of it, no matter what he tried." 
Justin shook his head firmly. “No, that recording won't work. Not only would it be inadmissible in court, but if it got out, it would ruin your career as an attorney. I don't want to see a situation where everyone loses." 
Lyles was visibly moved. "Mr. Salvador..."
"But the thing you mentioned about the secret company fund transfers that's the key. If we can get a full investigation into Iverson Group, we can expose Christopher's shady dealings. Then we'll have a chance to arrest him and make him face the consequences." 
The two hostesses from Pivotage were taken back to the station, while other officers secured the entrances of the Pivotage and thoroughly searched the entire building.
Ralph joined the distraught Drew in their desperate search for Yvonne, even rummaging through the cabs in their frantic efforts.
Drew just could not believe the fact that Yvonne had left and gone off to marry Taylor.
But the truth of it all was right in front of him, and he could no longer fool himself.
"Drew, I know this is upsetting. Even though Ms. Smith is gone, at the very least, she's safe." Ralph racked his brain, but that was the best he could come up with to try and comfort him.
Drew's tall, muscular body suddenly froze, then became tense and slumped.
"Drew..." Ralph looked at him, feeling a mix of sorrow, helplessness, and even heartache.
Drew had always been the brightest and most lively among them-bold and meticulous, always optimistic, the kind of person who could take on the world without fear.
But the man standing before him now appeared isolated, merging into the gloomy surroundings, conveying a profound sense of dejection. Ralph could barely discern his silhouette.
"Is this all there is?" With his back still turned, Drew's voice came out hoarse, almost choking with emotion. "Is this all that is left for us?"
###chapter2147
"In this life, I've saved countless people from life-and-death situations. I've helped so many get through their toughest times. But when it comes to my own woman, all I can do is just let her live. Is that all I can do just let her live?" Drew mumbled. Ralph pursed his lips, shaking his head in frustration.
The Thompson family seemed cursed. Not a single one of them, including Bella, has had an easy time finding happiness in their relationships. They all had to deal with their fair share of heartbreak.
Finally, Drew made his way to Yvonne's room. It was the only place in Pivotage that felt like home. The room still carried a subtle, comforting scent that wrapped around him, tugging at his heart.
It felt as though nothing had changed. The books on the shelf, the clothes in the closet, the adorable plush toys by the bed-they were all there. It seemed like Yvonne could walk through the door at any time.
Suddenly, Drew's tear-filled eyes fell on the neatly made bed. His heart felt as if a cruel blade had been driven into it, twisting with unbearable pain.
Slowly, he walked forward, step by step. Staggering and weary, like a wounded soldier limping across the battlefield, Drew used the last of his strength to drag himself forward.
At the foot of the bed lay the black trench coat he had given Yvonne, neatly folded and placed.
Drew squeezed his eyes shut, trembling as he kneeled down and picked up the coat.
"Yvonne... You wouldn't even take something as simple as this coat with you? How... How could you be so cold-hearted?"
He held the black trench coat close to his chest, his tall, strong body curling around it as if embracing the woman he loved so deeply.
He stayed like that for a long while.
Ralph, unable to bear the sight any longer, quietly left the room. He could not see Drew's face, but he knew that Drew must be crying. To cry for love, there was no shame in that.
?
As the sun rose, the gentle rays of sunlight reflected off Bella's smooth, fair face. Like a sleepy kitten, she stretched comfortably and slowly woke up from her dreams. 
"Mmm... Justin..."
She murmured sleepily, instinctively reaching out to the space beside her. Empty!
Bella's sleepiness immediately disappeared, and she quickly sat up in bed. "Justin? Justin?"

Verify
"I'm right here, Bella."
Justin, still in his dark blue pajamas from the night before, hurried over to the bed. He pulled the anxious woman into his embrace, gently pressing his lips to the top of her head. "You woke up and couldn't find your husband. Guess that gave you a scare, didn't it?" 
"Where did you go?" Bella clung to his waist, taking in his scent.
Justin's eyes flickered, and he said, "I just got up to use the bathroom." Bella scoffed, "Hmph, liar!"
Bella lightly punched him with her small fists, her almond eyes playfully angry. "The bed's cold, and you smell all sweaty. Did you sneak out last night and just come back this morning? Haha, you're not seeing someone else on the side, are you?!" 
###chapter2148
 
Bella was just playfully teasing him, throwing a little fit for fun. She knew better than anyone how loyal her man was.
But who would have guessed that a simple joke would frighten Justin so much?
Justin dropped to one knee in front of Bella, raising his handsome face with a serious and solemn expression, swearing with three fingers raised.
"Bella, I swear that in this life, the next life, and the life after that I will only love you, be devoted only to you, and want no one but you. If I ever have a change of heart, I will get struck by lightning and torn into pieces!"
"Ah... Alright, I was just joking." Bella could not stand him being like this, so she hurriedly tried to cover his mouth, but he grabbed her hand firmly. "Last night, I went out. I went to Pivotage with Drew and Ralph."
Bella's heart raced as she tenderly traced the features of his face, her voice quivering a bit. "Goodness, how could you keep something this huge from me? Nothing bad happened, right?"
"Don't worry, nothing happened." Justin took her hand and gently rubbed it. "Drew found out that the person who hired the assassin to kill Mrs. Hopkins was Christopher's secretary, Taylor. When Drew called, you were still asleep. I couldn't bring myself to wake you, but I was also worried that Drew might put himself in danger, so I rushed over quickly. Even if you had been awake, I wouldn't have let you go."
Bella felt a warmth in her heart. She cupped his face and gave him a kiss on the forehead.
"Unfortunately, Christopher was already one step ahead. He had quickly shut down Pivotage and dismissed everyone while he and Taylor left Savrow in a hurry, possibly even the country."
Justin bit his lip in frustration. "It's my fault. I was one step too late."
Bella's heart sank. "Then... What about Yvonne?"
"She left yesterday, and according to the staff there, she's planning to marry Taylor."
"What?! Then Drew..."
"Drew isn't doing so well right now." Justin's expression turned more somber. "The only way to help him feel better is to track down Ms. Smith." Bella's eyelashes fluttered nervously, and her eyes glistened with tears. She was deeply saddened.
"Yvonne... She's been through so much hardship. I'm really worried about her..."
Bella had already accepted Yvonne as a friend and her future sister-in-law. Yvonne's painful past did not matter to Bella. She simply hoped Yvonne's future would be bright and smooth sailing.
Bella hoped she and Drew could have a wonderful future together too.
"Bella, don't cry." Seeing her tears, Justin couldn't help but feel sad. He gently wiped the tears from the corner of her eyes with his fingertips. "We won't give up on Ms. Smith, and Drew won't either. Right now, what's most important is to find Christopher as soon as possible!"
Chapter 2148 1
Justin gazed down at her, his lips curling into a warm, indulgent smile, like a ruler utterly captivated by his cherished lover.
However, he was also carefully considering her question.
"If I were in his shoes, I'd go
somewhere familiar or where I could get support and assistance. After all, I'm not a fugitive, so I wouldn't need to hide in random places. Even if t were wanted, many countries don't
have extradition agreement with
us, As long as I had local.
connections and sufficient funds, I could still live comfortably." 
"Hmm, your analysis is spot on." Bella rested on his arm, her eyes narrowing slightly. "So, I think there's a good chance Christopher has already fled back to Sentania."
Justin's brows furrowed deeply. "If that's true, it will be even harder to deal with. That would be like letting a tiger return to the mountains. After all, Christopher had made his fortune in Sentania. Sentania is his stronghold, his old den!"
"No matter how difficult it is, we
have to try our best. This time, we can't let that man slip away again!" Bella gritted her teeth. "I'll contact Camilla and Edward. I'll ask them to send people to investigate and see if they can find any trace of
Christopher." 
Overnight, the situation at the Iverson Group took a dramatic turn, sending the entire company into a state of panic.
News of Chairman Iverson's sudden disappearance rapidly circulated through Savrow's social circles, triggering a flurry of rumors and speculation. Three days later, Axel and his team of men confidently strode through the main entrance of the Iverson Group headquarters.
Word quickly spread that the prosecutors had arrived, causing widespread panic throughout the company. This wasn't just a disruption; it was a full- blown crisis.
The current puppet leader of the Iverson Group was the General Manager, Jeffrey. He hurriedly gathered his people to try and stop them. But with all the proper procedures in place, there was no stopping this.
"Everyone, stand down! No one is allowed to move!" Axel kicked the door open and shouted angrily. Inside the office, the employees who had been trying to destroy incriminating financial records and problematic documents turned pale with fear, frozen in place.
One brave employee attempted to force more papers into the shredder, but Axel quickly strode over and snatched them away.
"Seize all the computers, hard drives, and documents!" Axel ordered, and his team immediately sprang into action, sweeping through the office like a powerful gust of wind.
"Mr. Jeffrey." Axel called out coolly with his hands in his pockets.
“Huh...?” The general manager was already trembling with fear.
"We're here to investigate because Chairman Christopher Iverson is involved in a serious case of embezzlement, bribery, and misappropriation of funds. You must cooperate with our investigation."
Jeffrey nervously wiped the sweat from his forehead and stammered, "Yes... Of course..."
"Where is Christopher's office?" Axel's eyes were cold and fierce, and his presence was so overwhelming that it felt as though an invisible storm was swirling around him. "Take us there immediately."
###chapter2149
 
Surprisingly, Christopher's office was not locked and could be entered easily.
Axel stood in the middle of the room, his eyes sweeping the office with a chill and his heart growing tense with each look around.
The fact that Christopher dared to leave the office unlocked meant that all the important documents had already been destroyed, leaving behind only an empty shell. Jeffrey, visibly nervous, stood behind Axel and said, "Mr. Thompson, Chairman Iverson already emptied out this place a while ago. Do you still want to search it?" Axel's eyes were sharp, and his voice rang with resolve. "Search!"
The team immediately began tearing through the office in a thorough search.
Axel refused to give up because, over the years, he had encountered numerous unusual cases, particularly involving embezzlement.
The methods for hiding illegal funds were just as diverse and unpredictable as those used in drug trafficking. Given this experience, he knew that this seemingly ordinary office might be hiding a secret passage or hidden compartment. After all, how could someone as prominent as Lance not have a backup plan?
Axel was determined, not willing to give up. He picked up the books on the shelf and flipped through them quickly to check for hidden inserts.
He meticulously scanned through the books on the shelves, row by row, from top to bottom.
Sweat glistened on his brow, but he persisted with unwavering determination, unwilling to give up prematurely.
"Mr. Thompson, there's nothing here!"
"Nothing on my end either!"
The subordinates were frustrated. "This office must have been cleared out in advance. We were a step too late!"
Axel furrowed his brows, anger simmering in his chest as he took a slow breath in and out.
Just as he was about to pick up the next book, his gaze suddenly froze.
There it was a black hardcover edition of "Das Kapital".
At first glance, it seemed unremarkable, but upon closer inspection, he noticed a pinhole camera embedded in the spine, covering the entire office.
The camera was rechargeable, but it had been there so long that it had run out of power.
Axel's heart pounded like a drum, his eyes burning with intensity.
He tucked the copy of "Das Kapital" under his arm and strode purposefully toward the now visibly nervous Jeffrey.
"Jeffrey, since Chairman Christopher has given you full authority to manage the Iverson Group, you must be well-versed in its operations. Come with us and cooperate with the investigation."
In the past few days, the situation at Savrow had been tense, but Yara Park was filled with warmth and happiness.

Verify
Ever since Bella had brought Cece to stay with the Thompson family, Cece had been hard at work, not just idling around and enjoying free food and drinks.
Drawing on her experience as a former nurse in obstetrics and gynecology, she diligently helped Celeste prepare nutritious meals for Amelia, making sure the young and expectant mother was well taken care of.
Having a professional around made
a big difference. Celeste was thrilled to have Cece, the cheerful girl Bella brought home. She could not help but think of ways to keep Cece around, even offering her a generous salary to be Amelia's personal prenatal caretaker. 
Amelia was just over two months along, so there was not much of a bump yet. However, her body had become nicely curvier and more voluptuous, making her even more beautiful than when she had been thin This added a touch of graceful maturity to her charm. 
In the room, the two sisters were chatting affectionately.
Bella, noticing the slight changes in her sister's figure, had bought her several outfits that perfectly fit her new figure. Each piece was a limited edition designer item, ensuring she would never risk
wearing the same outfit as anyone
else. 
Her brothers spoiled her, and she, in turn, poured all her affection into Amelia-her one and only baby sister.
"Ugh... How did I get so fat? I look like a pig!"
###chapter2150
 
Amelia looked at her round, fair face in the full-length mirror, on the verge of tears with frustration. "I... I can't eat anymore! I'm skipping dinner tonight! When Steven comes back and sees me like this, he's going to be disgusted!"
"You don't look like a pig!" Bella teased, pinching her little sister's arm. "Look at your arms and legs-they're still as thin as sticks! You're just pregnant, so your waistline has filled out a bit, which is perfectly normal!"
Bella stood beside her in front of the mirror, her eyes filled with anticipation for the new life growing inside. She could not help but laugh as she joked, "If you start dieting now, not only will it affect you, but it'll also harm the baby. Even if you do manage to slim down, your belly will still get bigger and bigger every day. What do you think you'll look like then?"
Amelia was puzzled. "What?"
"With thin limbs and a big belly, you'll look just like a praying mantis!"
Amelia's face turned red with embarrassment. "Bella! You're awful..."
“Alright, alright, I'll stop teasing you." Bella gently hugged her. "Which girl doesn't care about her appearance? You've always dreamed of becoming an actress too. I know this must be a difficult time for you. But don't worry, once the baby is born, Cece and I will help you lose the weight. You're not someone who easily gains weight, so you'll slim down in no time.
"As for Steven, stop worrying about him. These days, he's been so busy in Savrow that he hasn't had a chance to see you. The other day, I accidentally caught him staring at the photos you sent him, practically drooling over them."
“Bella...” Amelia's delicate face flushed bright red, feeling so embarrassed.
"I heard from Aunt Celeste that Steven has officially asked for your hand in marriage to Wyatt."
Bella smiled with satisfaction. "Steven has sacrificed everything for you; he even gave Wyatt his entire paycheck. And you know what Wyatt said? 'You're marrying my daughter, so I have to give you a big promotion and a raise. Plus, you're getting a massive dowry. I'm really losing out big time!"" Bella said while laughing.
Amelia chuckled along, but a worried look soon crossed her face. "But... Is Dad upset with Steven?"
"Not at all! After Steven left, Wyatt couldn't help but let a little smile slip out. He's just pretending to be strict."
Bella sighed softly, her eyes growing
misty. "Dad's health isn't what it used to be. Even though he's never urged us I know how much he longs to hold a grandchild. So, Amelia, you don't have to worry about anything. You're our treasure. You and Steven will have a happy family, and we'll be here to protect you." 
“Bella...” Amelia bit her lip, her heart aching. She wanted to say something, but she didn't dare, fearing it would hurt her sister's feelings.
"Amelia, I know what you're thinking.
Don't worry about me. I'm fine." Bella raised her hand, gently caressing her sister's small belly. Her gaze was warm and tender, but there was a hint of sadness in her voice. "Having your brother-in-law is enough for me." 
At that moment, her phone rang.
Bella grabbed the phone from the bedside table, seeing that Axel was calling.
She knew he had gone out today to lead the charge against the Iverson Group, but deep down she did not have much hope.
Christopher was too cunning to
leave anything behind. Would he really leave behind any incriminating evidence? Even if they didn't uncover much at least the investigation would bring negative publicity to the Iverson Group. 
“Ax,” Bella answered the call, her voice calm. "You're calling me in such a hurry-did you manage to gather any evidence of Christopher's embezzlement?"
“Embezzlement evidence? Not yet.” Axel took a deep breath, his tone suddenly turning sharp.
"But we did find evidence of murder!"
###chapter2151
After receiving the news, Bella left Yara Park and drove quickly toward the Public Prosecutor's Office.
She came to a stop in the open space in front of the prosecutor's office. As she stepped out of the car, she froze in place.
"Justin?"
A black car was parked under a tree by the roadside. Justin, clad in a black overcoat, stood waiting in the bitter wind.
Before Bella could take another step, he rushed eagerly toward her.
"Bella, are you cold?"
Justin took off his coat and wrapped it tightly around her body. Still unsatisfied, he enveloped her in his embrace.
“The heater in the car was on full blast; I'm not cold at all." Bella's warm hands cupped his face, he was cold as ice. "But why were you waiting outside instead of in the car? The wind is so harsh."
"I was afraid I wouldn't see you as soon as you arrived."
Justin grabbed her hands and brought them to his lips. "Besides, did you forget? I was in the military. Back then, I stood guard in negative 30 degrees Celsius, far colder than this. I'm used to it."
Hearing this, Bella recalled the times they fought side by side, those days of burning passion, and she could not help the tears that welled up in her eyes. The place where she lost her pinky twitched almost imperceptibly.
Not long after, Axel strode toward them dressed in a prosecutor's uniform. "Ax, you look so handsome!" Bella exclaimed.
"Indeed," Justin agreed with a smile.
Chapter 2151 1
"It's not that I can't compete anymore; I just don't want to." Justin leaned over and kissed her cheek. "Back then, I was scared."
"Scared?"
"I was afraid I wasn't good enough. I was afraid I didn't deserve to stand by your side. I was afraid someone would take you away from me. I was afraid of so many things; I couldn't even sleep at night." 
“Tch, and now you think I'm stuck with you, so you've relaxed and don't care anymore?" Bella pouted.
"No." Justin looked at her, his eyes brimming with love.
He slipped his hand around her waist and held her tight as she shivered lightly. "I realized that no matter how many people like you, or if one day you tire of me and don't want to be with me anymore, always love you and protect you. Even if you want to leave me, my heart will always follow you. Once I understood that, I felt at peace."
He had realized that true love was not about possession, nor was it about fear or insecurity. It was about letting your beloved remain always pure and free.
Bella blushed, leaning back against his shoulder, enveloped in the warmth of his affections.
But now it was her turn to feel afraid.
She knew Justin would never stop loving her, but now she feared losing him at a time when they loved each other the most...
"Sorry, I was so busy. You two must have been waiting a while!" Axel said as he approached.
"We just got here. Let's talk inside the car," Justin said, opening the car door.
The inside of the car was warm, but tension in the air was palpable.
###chapter2152
“Ax, you said that Christopher killed someone? What's going on?" Bella asked as soon as they were settled inside.
"This morning, I went to search Christopher's office. I found a hidden pinhole camera inside one of the books on his shelf." Axel's voice quivered with excitement.
Justin and Bella exchanged stunned glances.
"Did Christopher install it himself?" Bella pressed. "He's always been devious. It's likely that he was monitoring himself while also keeping tabs on anything happening in his office. If he caught any higher-ups from other companies doing something compromising, he could use it to blackmail them. He's done it many times before."
"I don't think it's that simple," Axel said, taking a deep breath. "I took the camera with me and reviewed the footage. Guess what I found?"
Bella was nearly frantic. "Don't keep us in suspense. Just tell us!"
"The footage caught the moment of Uncle Lance's collapse in the office that day!"
"What?!" Justin and Bella exclaimed simultaneously.
Axel took out his phone and pulled up the video to show them.
The video recorded everything that happened that day-the interaction between Lance and Christopher, their confrontation, and Christopher eventually watching his father collapse at his feet, taking away his medication, and leaving him to die.
It also captured Christopher's incriminating confession.
"I'm giving you only one option. Draft an official statement right now, citing your poor health as the reason for your formal retirement, and name me the Chairman of the Iverson Group."
"If you don't agree, I'll play this video on the big screen outside this building. Not only that, but all ten thousand employees of the Iverson Group will receive this video first thing tomorrow morning."
In the end, Lance drew his last breath in front of Christopher.
Bella's eyes widened, her emotions roiling.
Lance had been her father's friend, so watching him die so helplessly was hard to bear.
Justin pulled her into a tight embrace and asked solemnly. "With this evidence, will we be able to charge Christopher with murder?" Chapter 2152 1
"That's fantastic! The sooner we can get an arrest warrant out for him, the better." Bella felt a glimmer of hope reignite.
"I suspect Chairman Iverson
installed the camera himself, and
Christopher had no idea it was there." Justin sighed deeply. "He knew his health wouldn't last long, so he probably installed the camera as a precaution in case something happened. He couldn't have imagined this, but ultimately, it caught Christopher red-handed. Unfortunately, it cost him his life."
"But at least he can rest in peace now, rather than having the person who killed him step over his corpse to take his place." Axel justified.
Bella shook her head in disbelief. Even though the odds of bringing Christopher to justice had increased, she couldn't find any joy in the situation.
Sometimes, she wondered if
Christopher and his mother had not
suffered such unfair treatment in
the
Line
Iverson family and instead had. grown up in a warm, harmonious household, would this tragedy have happened? 
Would he still be the gentle Chris from their childhood?
Interrupting her musings, Bella's phone vibrated in her pocket. She was getting a call from Camilla. Her heart began to race as she put the call on speaker.
"Camilla! Is there news?!"
"I sent my people to investigate and checked every port and airport in the country. We found Christopher's private jet at the new airport!"
###chapter2153
 
"Whoa! Camilla, you're amazing! The women in our family are all incredible!" Axel showered his sister with praise before Bella could even speak. "Ax? You're here too?" Camilla was taken aback.
"Having you, the First Lady, investigate that scoundrel Christopher feels like using a sledgehammer to crack a nut."
"Don't say that," Camilla replied softly, her voice still as gentle as ever. "I didn't do much. Bella provided me with the clues, and I just followed the trail. It was a small effort on my part. Over the years, Edward and I have been abroad, busy with state affairs. I rarely get to come home and take care of the family or spend time with you all. I'm just glad to help out a little here. It makes me feel like I'm still with you, just like old times."
Both Axel and Bella were touched by her words.
"Camilla, we're really indebted to you this time. Once this matter is resolved, Bella and I will visit you and Edward in Sentania," Justin said warmly.
"Ah, Justin is there too? I always feel reassured when he's around," Camilla said with relief.
Axel, feeling a bit overlooked, grumbled. "Camilla, does that mean you only feel at ease when Justin is around? What about me?"
"I used to feel at ease with you, but now it's different. You have someone in your heart, Ax." Camilla spoke as only an older sister would, calm and measured, perhaps influenced by years of being by her husband's side in politics. It was easy to forget that she was not yet thirty. "When I was in Botvia, I met Ms. Walker. I could tell you two are deeply in love. I bet it won't be long before she becomes part of the Thompson family."
"Well... Yes, Roza is my beloved." Axel's face turned bright red, glowing with happiness.
"You care for Roza, but you can't be in two places at once. Now that you have someone special, you should focus on her. Naturally, you won't be as attentive to Bella as before," Camilla advised earnestly. "We will always be family, but we can't be there for Bella all her life. Only Justin can walk through life with her." "Camilla..." Bella interlocked her fingers tightly with Justin's.
"Rest assured, I will protect Bella with everything I have," Justin said, pressing his forehead against Bella's.
"I hope once this is all over, you two can finally get married, settle down, and live peacefully. I don't want you getting involved in such dangerous situations anymore," Camilla's tone turned serious. "Christopher practically rules Sentania. He even managed to bribe the previous president. There's nothing he wouldn't do. Edward and I have been quietly battling his influence for years. If it weren't for Edward's high position, he surely would have been killed off quietly."
Bella's intense hatred for Christopher flared up again. "That's why we have to fight him to the end. No matter where he runs, even if it's to the moon, we'll make him pay for his crimes!"
"Even though we've confirmed his presence in Sentania, capturing him won't be easy. He has deep roots there, with many followers protecting him. It'll be hard for you to get close. And since our country doesn't have an extradition treaty with Sentania, even if Ralph sends people over and Edward clears the way for you, there's no guarantee you won't be blocked from all sides."
"We're at the final battle. There's no turning back! Even if it costs me everything. I'll make sure Christopher pays with his life!" Bella's eyes burned with determination.
*
The night was dark and foreboding in Sentania.
Although Christopher had successfully returned to his stronghold, he realized he wasn't out of danger yet. Instead, he had walked into another den of wolves.
This was a hell on earth that he had created with his own hands.
The accumulated stress and the extreme tension of the past few days, coupled with the long-term toll on his health, led to his being hospitalized shortly after returning to Sentania.
The symptoms he experienced in Savrow reappeared-nerve tremors and vomiting blood. Only this time, it was even worse.
Late at night, Christopher curled up under the covers, unable to sleep, drenched in cold sweat, tormented by his illness.
He had taken a box full of different pills, which reacted violently to each other in his stomach, causing him immense pain.
Suddenly, he remembered all the
?
times he had caught Grant taking his
medication. He used to regularly
take?ust as many pills as
Christopher had tonight. 
But he had not been able to endure for long before his body began to give out. How had Grant survived years of such torment?
If it had been him, he would have preferred death.
Suddenly, the door to his hospital room opened softly.
Lying on his side, alarm bells rang in his head. He slowly moved his hand below his pillow.
He knew it couldn't be Taylor, as Taylor would have knocked before entering. It could only be someone here to take his life.
The man approached the bed, step by step, drew out a silenced gun from his coat, and aimed it at the figure lying on the bed. Bang! Bang!
Gunshots rang out!
1827
Verify
A scream pierced the dark night.
The assassin fell to his knees beside the bed, his shoulder and right leg bleeding.
Christopher was already standing on the bed, his shadow looming over the man.
"Mr. Iverson!" Taylor ran in with his men. Seeing that his boss was unharmed, he let out a sigh of relief.
The assassin was quickly apprehended, kneeling before Christopher with a gun to his forehead. "Who sent you? Speak, and I'll let you live."
The assassin, trembling, stammered out a name. It was one of Christopher's own men, someone he had left in charge of while he was away in Savrow. 
"I see."
Without further hesitation, Christopher pulled the trigger. The man died with his eyes wide open.
"Clean this up before the sun rises," Christopher ordered, putting on his gold-rimmed glasses with deliberate care. I've only been back a few days, and some people are already itching to take over." 
###chapter2154
 
Taylor stared at the corpse lying in a pool of blood, his body drenched in cold sweat. "You've only been back a few days, and someone's already tried to take your life. What's going to happen from here?" "Don't worry," Christopher replied confidently. "Before I die, I'll drag all these restless, ambitious fools down to hell with me."
As the words left his lips, it struck him that he had unconsciously assumed that his final resting place would be "hell". With his hands stained in blood, so full of sin, was he truly destined for hell?
In the silence, Christopher's phone rang. He turned his back to Taylor and his subordinates, bringing the phone to his ear. "Speak."
"Mr. Iverson, the situation back home is very unfavorable for you." An informant spoke in a clipped tone.
"It's already come to this. How much worse can it get? Just tell me," Christopher croaked as he coughed into his fist.
"The prosecution has searched the entire Iverson Group. Jeffrey and the head of the finance department have been taken in for questioning. They were never really loyal to you; they were all only driven by self-interest. Now that they see you're in decline, it won't be long before they spill everything they know." "You said it yourself already. They aren't loyal, just figureheads. They've never had access to the core of Iverson Group, so they won't be able to reveal anything significant." Christopher's coughing grew worse.
Taylor stepped forward and handed him a handkerchief. As Christopher took it, his entire body was wracked with violent tremors. Once the fit subsided, he returned the handkerchief to Taylor.
Taylor's pupils contracted sharply when he saw a dark red blood stain marring the fabric. His heart pounded wildly. He stuffed the handkerchief into his pocket and forced himself to stay composed.
"There's one more thing." the informant continued. "You're now wanted nationwide by the Savrow police."
"What did you say?" Christopher could taste iron and bile on his tongue.
"The police are claiming that your father's death is connected to you. They must have obtained some critical evidence since there is a warrant out for your arrest!"
"Mr. Iverson, is your father's death... really connected to you?" The informant tentatively asked.
Christopher closed his eyes as the scene replayed in his mind-the day he watched his father have a heart attack and ultimately die at his feet.
"So what if it was? Over the years, countless people have died by my hand. What's one more?" Christopher said as Taylor helped him sit on the bed. "There's no extradition treaty between our country and Sentania. This is my domain; they can't touch me here."
"Don't forget." The informant cautioned. "There are still two people in Savrow with immense power who want to see you dead. If they team up with the police to hunt you down in Sentania, you'll be in serious danger!"
Christopher's heart throbbed as he thought of Bella. "I understand. Thank you for your concern. Your task is complete. From this moment on, you are no longer in my service, and you don't need to keep monitoring the situation in Savrow. Unless something unexpected happens, I won't be returning there." "Mr. Iverson..."
289
Verify
"You've been with me for a long time; I won't let you go just like that. I'll have Taylor deposit a sum of money into your mother's account-enough for you to live out the rest of your life."
Just as Christopher was about to hang up, the informant spoke up again. "Mr. Iverson! The world says you're a ruthless, unforgivable man who killed his brother and father. Even Ms. Thompson has turned against you. But I know you're not really that bad. Even if your methods are harsh, anyone who knows what you've been through would understand why you've done what you did!" 
Chapter 2154 2
With that, he ended the call and turned off his phone.
Chapter 2154 3
Taylor looked at the man before him, his body weakened by illness yet still standing tall. "Perhaps... it would be wise for you to leave Sentania as soon as possible."
###chapter2155
 
"No matter where I go, it's always the same. If I have to live like a dog, constantly running and hiding, then I'd rather be dead," Christopher said resolutely.
Christopher did not need anyone to understand him, and he no longer craved Bella's forgiveness. If forgiveness was impossible, then he would become the kind of person she would remember for the rest of her life, even if that was as a villain.
After wandering aimlessly, Yvonne found herself back in Sentania, at the villa where she had once lived.
This was where she first met Christopher. Everything remained the same. The only thing that had changed was her.
Her soul was covered in scar tissue and dead inside. It felt as though she had awakened from a long and painful dream.
For over a week, Yvonne had been confined to the villa, unable to leave. But during that time, she had secretly scoured the villa for any evidence of Christopher's crimes that Taylor might have hidden.
Taylor had let his guard down around her, and she was free to come and go from the study. To her dismay, despite her thorough search of every corner, even after going through his computer, she found nothing.
That night, Yvonne sat at her vanity, brushing her hair.
"Ms. Yvonne." A servant's voice came from outside the door.
"What is it?" Yvonne replied coldly.
"Mr. Taylor has returned. He asked you to meet him in the study."
Yvonne stared at her pale reflection in the mirror and gripped the comb in her hand hard enough to leave marks. She took a deep breath and slowly stood.
As Yvonne approached the study, she could hear the sounds of things being thrown around inside. Her heart clenched as she pushed the door open a crack and peeked inside.
She saw Taylor, his white shirt stained with blood, with more streaks across his face. He was frantically packing valuables into a large box as if he were preparing for a hasty escape.
"Taylor, where have you been? Why are you covered in blood?" Yvonne asked as she stepped inside, feigning concern.
Taylor's tense expression relaxed slightly when he saw her, but the panic in his eyes remained. “Earlier tonight, I was with Mr. Iverson; we had to 'take care' of some people."
"What people?" Yvonne asked.
As Taylor listed the names, Yvonne's eyes widened in shock.
She knew these people. They had been Christopher's subordinates that he had entrusted with managing his affairs in Sentania. after he returned to Savrow. They were thugs used to wielding power, and with Christopher's sudden return, they turned on him. 
"If you've already dealt with them, then why are you..." Yvonne began to ask.
"Yvonne, Sentania is no longer safe. I need to get you out of here as soon as possible!" Taylor interrupted desperately.
He reached into his collar and pulled out a cross necklace. He fiddled with it, then inserted it into the USB port on his computer. He quickly began transferring files to it. Yvonne had noticed this cross before, but she never imagined it was actually a concealed mini storage device. 
Her heart raced as she watched him, finally understanding why she had never found anything in all her searching. The evidence had been on him all along!
Chapter 2155 3
###chapter2156
"Where will we be going?" Yvonne asked, her voice devoid of feeling.
After completely cutting ties with Drew, she felt like she was adrift without a rudder-unattached and uncaring about where she went or who she was with.
However, she realized that something major must have happened back home, something that had shaken Christopher's foundation.
What would make Taylor, who had always revered Christopher as a god, panicked enough to flee?
"It doesn't matter where we go. We just need to leave! I've saved enough money over the years to ensure we can live comfortably for the rest of our lives," Taylor said, removing the USB drive from the computer and tucking it back under his shirt.
Yvonne's gaze remained fixed on the spot where the cross lay. "Didn't Mr. Iverson say we should get married here in Sentania?"
"We can talk about that after we leave!" As Christopher's lackey, Taylor was ruthless and cold-hearted, but his feelings for Yvonne were genuine. The way he looked at her betrayed his true emotions.
“Marriage isn't the most important thing, as long as we can be together," Taylor insisted. Yvonne felt a chill run down her back, and she returned none of his affections.
Just then, Taylor's phone rang. It was Christopher calling. Taylor gathered his composure and quickly answered.
"Mr. Iverson, what are your orders?" Taylor asked. Whatever Christopher said on the other end made Taylor's face change dramatically, and he began pacing anxiously. "In these troubled times, I'm grateful that you are still thinking of us. We'll follow your arrangements."
After ending the call, Taylor collapsed into the leather chair. He hung his head back and squeezed his eyes tight, exhaling defeatedly.
Yvonne furrowed her brows and asked, “Taylor, what happened?"
It was not out of concern but out of curiosity, about what scheme Christopher had planned next.
"Mr. Iverson insists we get married here in Sentania and hold a wedding. After the wedding, we're free to go wherever we want, and he will no longer interfere."
Yvonne had long accepted the reality of her ultimate union with Taylor. So when she spoke next, she remained cool and detached. "Isn't that a good thing? Isn't that what you've always wanted?"
"Somehow I still feel that something isn't right." Taylor's brows knit tightly together. "But it's Mr. Iverson's final order. I can't disobey him."
He was lost in thought until a faint, alluring fragrance reached his nose. Taylor looked up in surprise to find Yvonne standing in front of him, her bare shoulders exposed. The silk robe had slipped off, leaving her in only a delicate, sheer camisole.
Her long black hair contrasted starkly with the pure white fabric, a sight that stirred something deep within him.
Taylor's eyes were locked onto the bewitching vision before him. He couldn't bring himself to look away from her enchanting face. For years, he had never had a lover. He only satisfied his physical urges but no one had ever touched his heart. 
In his mind, Yvonne was his only love. The only time he had ever resented Christopher was when he replaced Yvonne's face with Bella's.
Yvonne had nothing. She had no
her
family, no friends, and not even a clear memory of where she came from. The only thing that marked identity was her face-until Christopher cruelly took even that away, stripping the girl of any sense of self. 
"Taylor..." Yvonne whispered seductively. Her slender arms wrapped around his neck as she pressed a knee between his parted thighs.
The way she fluttered her eyelashes and her unique mix of innocence and seduction would make any man fall for her. Taylor, who had loved her for so many years, was no exception.
###chapter2157
 
"Tonight, don't sleep in another room. Stay with me," Yvonne murmured, suppressing her disgust and self-loathing at her own actions. She forced herself to seduce a man that she found utterly repulsive.
Under her flirtatious exterior, her gaze remained cold and calculating, flickering over the spot on his chest where the cross rested.
"Yvonne... What's wrong? Are you running a fever? Are you drunk?" Taylor's voice grew hoarse with desire, but he restrained himself, even lifting a hand to check her forehead.
“I'm fine. I'm fully awake and know exactly what I'm doing..." Yvonne leaned in closer, gazing upon him with falsified tenderness. “We don't need a wedding to make us husband and wife. We already are in every way that matters. Since we're married, shouldn't we be sharing a bed, enjoying the pleasures of it together...?"
Yvonne was desperate to get her hands on information Taylor kept hidden on his person, no matter the cost-even if it meant selling what was left of her sullied body.
She had a foreboding feeling that something terrible was about to happen and that neither she nor Taylor would be able to leave Sentania alive. She needed to get the evidence that would bring Christopher down as quickly as possible.
"Yvonne, you're my woman. We have all the time in the world-there's no need to rush." Taylor's pupils were dilated, dark with desire. He took a deep breath, struggling to keep himself in check.
"Taylor... you find me filthy, don't you?" Yvonne feigned disappointment, her eyes misting. "You're not with me because you love me. After all these years together, it's been just out of pity-you feel sorry for me..."
Chapter 2157 1
Yvonne was taken aback, staring at him as if she were seeing him for the first time. She remembered that if Taylor had not pleaded with Christopher to take her as his
she would have long since ended up buried in an unmarked grave. 
There was a flicker of gratitude in her heart, but that faint feeling could not outweigh the years of atrocities he had committed. It could not erase the image of Oscar's vibrant life extinguished; the blood pooled
around him as he died a gruesome death before her eyes. 
“Ever since we arrived in Sentania, I've felt this inexplicable anxiety, and I haven't had a single restful night," Yvonne said softly as she rested her head on Taylor's shoulder. "Stay with me tonight, please?"
That night, they shared a bed innocently. Exhausted from a night of slaughter, Taylor fell into a deep sleep the moment his head hit the pillow.
Yvonne's eyes snapped open, and she stared unblinkingly at the man beside her. She held her breath as she began to unbutton his shirt, her hands trembling. She held the cross in her palm, gripping it as if her life depended on it.
...
Sentania was a country with forests so dense that the tree canopies stretched on for miles. The scenery was equally as breathtaking, and they were blessed with a temperate tropical climate.
###chapter2158
 
If Christopher had not once endured the bloodshed here, witnessed the most vicious aspects of human nature, and seen the treacherous jungle law that lay beneath this picturesque landscape, he might have truly regarded this place as his home. He might have lived quietly, running a simple business with his mother and spending the rest of his life in peace.
Today, a soft rain fell steadily from the sky.
Christopher carried his black umbrella as he walked alone to the Rose Sanatorium to visit his mother. He had embedded the name "Rose" across all the places he had invested in throughout Sentania a reminder of the love he longed for.
"Mom, how are you feeling today?" Christopher asked as he sat beside his mother, who was quietly watching the rain from beneath the eaves. He gently held her frail, bony hand.
She was skin and bones, barely showing any signs of life.
Sophie sat with her mouth half-open, staring blankly ahead, seemingly unaware of his presence.
"Mom, it's me, Chris. Do you still recognize me?" Christopher encouraged her, repeating his name over and over.
"Chris... Chris!" Each day, her spirit would briefly return to her, though her mind was still lost in a fog. "Chris, where's Bella? Why hasn't she visited us
in so long? You two mustn't argue! You're not one to make friends easily, and now that you have such a good girl like Bella, you must cherish her. You're a man-you should give in to her, keep her happy... You two need to stay together forever!"
"Mom, Bella will soon be more than just my friend," Christopher said as he tucked the blanket around her more securely.
"What do you mean?" She asked anxiously.
"She's about to become your daughter-in-law," Christopher replied. He smiled so pure and genuine that he almost fooled
himself. "She has agreed to marry me" 
Chapter 2158 2
MS
"When Bella comes, you can give them to her yourself." Christopher's voice caught in his throat. "I'll make sure she comes to see you soon."
...
After having lunch with his mother, the gloomy sky suddenly cleared.
Sophie had fallen asleep in her room, so Christopher stepped out onto the balcony, lighting a cigarette. He did not smoke it and simply watched it burn down.
Then he made a call.
After ringing for a long time, a level voice greeted him. "Who is this?"
"Talking to you is always such a pleasure, Drew," Christopher said, standing against the doorframe.
The man on the other end fell silent.
###chapter2159
At Yara Park, as Drew stood on his balcony, the harsh winds whipped his coat around his body. Christopher's words in his ears were laced with mockery and amusement.
Drew's throat constricted, making it difficult to breathe. "Christopher, are you itching to die?"
"I've heard that countless times over the past fifteen years. It was all just talk-no one could even lift a finger against me." Christopher chuckled arrogantly. "Drew, will you be the first to challenge the dragon?"
“A dragon? Don't make me laugh." Drew scoffed. "You're nothing more than a hyena, scavenging for carrion in the wilderness!"
"Next Saturday, Yvonne and my secretary, Taylor, will be having a grand wedding in Sentania. I thought, since she's the woman that you love so deeply, wouldn't it be a lifelong regret if you didn't attend her wedding? Even if it was to another man?"
All his instincts flared up, and Drew felt a chill run down his spine as he listened to Christopher.
"Christopher... If you dare lay a finger on Yvonne, I will hunt you down to the ends of the earth-even to hell itself. I won't rest until you're dead!" "On their wedding day, I will be presenting the newlyweds a grand gift." Christopher continued. He gave a crazed laugh, sounding manic. "I hope you'll come to Sentania to witness it with me. Otherwise, I guarantee it'll be your greatest regret."
"Christopher!" Drew roared, his voice filled with hate.
But the line went dead, leaving Drew with no outlet for his anger and forcing him to seethe in silence. "Yvonne, wait for me. Even if it costs me my life, I will save you!" Drew drew in a sharp breath.
As he turned to go back inside, he froze in his tracks.
"Dad...?"
Even with all his training, Drew had not even noticed when his father had entered because he was so consumed by his confrontation with Christopher.
"Drew, were you just on the phone with that bastard from the Iverson family?" Wyatt looked at his son with deep concern. "Why did he call you? What does he want?"
"Nothing. It's nothing," Drew stuttered, his face drained of color.
Over the years of living abroad, Drew had grown accustomed to being alone. His work made it impossible to form close friendships with or confide in anyone. He had always kept his distance from his father, so it was instinctive for him to hide the truth.
Chapter 2159 1
Drew felt a pang in his chest.
"That Iverson boy is cruel and
ruthless! He even dared to
manipulate me to get to Bella-he
wouldn't hesitate to kill you either
Wyatt was frantic, gripping Drew's shoulders tightly. "Drew, don't go! No matter what Christopher has said to provoke you, don't go!" 
Drew forced a smile, trying to appear nonchalant. "Dad, did you forget? I'm a former special agent. If Christopher's little tricks were enough to best me, I wouldn't be standing in front of you now."
"Damn it, do you think I'm joking?!" Wyatt smacked Drew's head. "As your father, I'm ordering you not to go!"
Drew's heart warmed at his father's antics. This moment of closeness with his father made him regret not embracing this bond sooner.
"Dad, I have to go," Drew said decidedly. "I have to face Christopher. The woman I love is in danger."
"What woman?! What woman could be more important than my son?!"
"In your heart, I'm important. In my heart, she's just as important." Drew pleaded. "Dad, I want to marry her. I want to be with her." Wyatt was stunned at his son's stubbornness. The Thompson family was full of hopeless romantics.
"Dad, don't worry. I promise I'll come back in one piece, and I'll bring your future daughter-in-law back with me too." Drew gave his father a tight hug. Wyatt's eyes filled with tears. He knew he could not stop Drew, so he repeated his plea. "Just promise me you'll come back safely. I'll be waiting for you to come home for dinner."
Drew grinned. "I will! When I get back, we'll have a big family feast!"
Wyatt gave him another hard knock on the head. "A feast?! Come back in one piece, and then we'll talk about feasts!"
...
Drew walked Wyatt back to his room. When he returned, he found Bella, Justin, and Asher in front of him, their stances resolute, like warriors preparing for battle.
"What's this about? Are you gearing up for the final showdown? Have you all been reading too many adventure novels?" Drew half-heartedly joked. "Drew, we know you're going to save Ms. Smith. We're coming with you." Justin gripped Bella's hand tightly, his eyes burning with determination.
###chapter2160
 
"Justin, what are you talking about?" Drew kept his usual carefree smile. "Who said anything about a rescue mission? I'm just heading back to report for duty. I've been AWOL for days; if I don't return soon, the organization might fire me, and I'll lose my benefits."
"Stop pretending! I heard everything you said to Dad!" Bella countered, pulling her earlobe. "I'm always listening!"
Drew was speechless. This cunning fox was always too curious for her own good, never missing a chance to eavesdrop!
"Whatever happens, I'm going to save Yvonne." Drew sighed. "Since Christopher brazenly revealed his location and even arranged a meeting for us in Sentania, it means this will be a brutal fight. To be honest, I'm scared."
"Drew..." Asher stepped forward and gripped his younger brother's shoulders tightly.
"Drew!" Justin and Bella protested.
"I'm not afraid to die. I'm just afraid I won't make it back to see you all." Drew smiled lightly, but the weight of his words bore heavily on everyone's hearts.
"Don't say that!" Asher embraced his brother, his voice rough. "I'll go with you, and I'll protect you. I won't let anything happen to you!"
"Asher, don't joke around. If something happens to you, won't Dr. Larson cry himself to death?" Drew couldn't resist teasing, trying to lighten the mood.
Asher's voice was thick with emotion, and his eyes were moist. "We'll all come back alive, and we'll be reunited with those we love, and we will live long and grow old together..."
Bella wiped away the tears from her cheeks, moved by Asher's declaration.
"Drew, let me go with you, too." Justin pleaded as he held Bella close. "Don't forget, we're brothers-in-arms. Even though I retired from the military, at my core, I'm still a soldier."
"Yes, comrades." Drew's eyes glistened with emotion. "I never thought we'd end up fighting side by side like this."
"Justin..." Bella looked up at her husband, her face beaming with pride.
However, beneath that pride was a deep worry she did not dare show, fearing it would burden Justin further. If she did not let him personally bring Christopher to justice, he would regret it for the rest of his life.
Bella swallowed her tears and kept her tone light as she spoke. "Lately, Axel and Ralph have been working together on the case. With Deputy Chief Hopkins as a key witness, Christopher's stronghold in Savrow has already crumbled. The Iverson Group's stock has plummeted, and the responsible parties have either been arrested or suspended.
“Over in Sentania, he has already begun to panic. Ralph has secured an arrest warrant, and police forces have already been dispatched to Sentania to search for and arrest him. Edward has been waiting for a legitimate reason to take action, and now, with everything in place, he's using his presidential authority to apply pressure. The Sentania police are also scouring the country for Christopher's whereabouts. This time, he won't get away."
Drew's heart pounded heavily. "There are still five days until Yvonne and Taylor's wedding."
Bella's eyes shone with fierce determination. "I'm going with you!"
The three men turned to her in unison, shouting, "No way!"
Chapter 2160 1
Asher and Drew were both stunned into silence. They knew she was right, but how could they put her in the line of fire?
"Bella, don't go!" Justin pulled her into a tight embrace, his heart beating against hers. Bella could barely breathe with how tightly he was squeezing her.
"I'm going. Justin, no matter what happens, I'll always be with you. We'll always be together," Bella said resolutely.
"Bella, no..." Justin's voice was hoarse as he begged her to reconsider.
They had been through so much together all manner of conspiracies and life-and-death situations. But this time, Justin couldn't shake the foreboding sense that something terrible was going to happen. 
---
Chapter 2160 3
That night, the moon cast a somber glow over the entwined lovers.
Tonight, Bella had been unusually forward, and Justin responded passionately. It was as if this would be their last chance to be together.
His sweat-slicked body pulsed under her touch. Her soft body rose and fell in the throes of their lovemaking. The crystal chandelier cast flickering shadows on the walls that swayed in her vision.
"Bella... I must protect you. I will protect you." Justin whispered in her ear, full of determination.
"I believe in you." Bella wrapped her arms around his neck, arching her body to meet his in a deep, fervent kiss.
The two lovers whispered to each other all night long, until their voices were hoarse and dawn finally arrived.
###chapter2161
The next four days were uneventful but enriching.
Together with Justin, Bella visited Nigel and stayed at his place for the night. They even had a video call with Ryan and Carrie. The newlyweds had been to three countries for their honeymoon and were setting off to the next scenic view.
“Justin, Bella... Christopher is wanted by the police. Do you think he fled to Sentania?"
While Carrie left to take her meds, Ryan looked at the couple in the video, with worry written all over his face. "I know you two well enough to be sure that you'd rush to Sentania to catch that bastard. I can't help but worry. I want to be there for you too."
"If you are really concerned about us, the only thing you need to do is stay by Carrie's side."
Resting in Justin's arms, Bella said solemnly, "Drill it in your head, Ryan. No matter what happens, you must watch over Carrie. Don't ever forget how you got her. No one is more important than Carrie."
To emphasize a point, Bella added. “Even Justin isn't as important as Carrie."
Ryan looked at Justin and cleared the air. "That didn't come from me, Justin."
“It's okay. She's right.” Justin put his head down and chuckled, nibbling on Bella's ear. “Between you and my wife, my wife matters most.”
Bella squirmed, unable to stand the itch.
Ryan held his chest in the video. "You got me where it hurts, bro."
“Camilla and Edward will dispatch enough security to ensure our safety in Sentania. Don't worry."
Bella smiled brightly, her nerves not showing. "You and Carrie have gone to many places. We will be expecting souvenirs!"
"Of course." Ryan fell silent before uttering grimly, "Carrie and I will wait for your safe return."
Justin and Bella responded, "Don't worry. We will."
For some reason, Bella felt empty, her mind blank after the video call.
"It's nearly time, Bella."
Justin put his arm around Bella's shoulders and planted a kiss on her forehead, his voice husky. "We should make a move."
"Yeah," Bella murmured as their heads met.
Chapter 2161 1
"Go down with us? I won't let that happen."
Bella clutched Justin's shirt. "Not on my watch."
Emotional, Justin gripped her neck and held his nose close against hers as their breaths mingled.
"He cares about you. He loves you."
"I know, but so what?" Bella kissed
his lips. "It's time to finish this. I'met
going to face him once and for all. I'll end this twisted love myself."
WY
KS Group's private jet landed at the airport of Sentania's capital city in the wee hours of the morning.
That night, Asher, Justin, and Bella were escorted straight to the president's house by the secret service. "Camilla! Edward!"
Bella developed a carefree nature
from
rightanding years abroad. Feeling
home at the president
house, Bella embraced Camilla.
"You got me worried sick, Bella."
###chapter2162
Camilla nuzzled Bella's cheek and whined, "When will you save us both a headache? Stop putting yourself in danger."
“This is the last time. I won't do it again." Bella stuck her tongue out cheekily.
"I can't let you stay at the hotel, so you're staying with us. Only the palace and the president's house are the safest." Edward smiled tenderly, still the elegant gentleman he was.
His few strands of silver hair were a testament to the countless hours he had spent laboring and worrying as the leader of a nation.
"Edward suggested you stay with us, and I can't agree more."
Camilla looked lovingly at her husband. "Edward doesn't show it, but he misses you all."
Touched, Bella sniffled. "Thank you, Edward."
Justin was moved. "I appreciate your concern, Edward."
"We're family. Now is the time we should be there for one another more than ever." Edward drew close, hugged his wife, and looked deep into her eyes.
Though they had been married for a long time, they remained in love just as the first time they got together.
"I'm so envious of your marriage, Camilla."
Asher sipped on tea and smiled widely. "Dad and Aunt Mila have been worried since you moved to Sentania. At least I can go back and tell them that they have nothing to worry about."
"Camilla is the love of my life."
Despite his power, Edward remained humble. Like always, he treated the Thompsons with respect. "I will always remember the butterflies in my stomach when I first met her. I remember everything we went through during our relationship and marriage. I will always remember it and cherish Camilla."
Camilla, the first wife of Sentania, blushed and snuggled in Edward's arms.
No matter how high he rose, Edward remained true to Camila.
Justin pursed his lips, feeling the burden as the Thompsons' next son-in-law.
“Please put in a good word for me once you get back to Hatchbay and see your parents. Edward grinned embarrassedly. Even in his forties, Edward still had a lot to learn about love.
Asher nodded in relief and teased, "Of course. You can count on me, Mr. President."
Edward did not know how to react. "Give me a break."
The arrival of family members filled the solemn president's abode with warmth.
However, everybody knew that it was just the calm before the storm.
Edward called the captain of the secret service and police chief over to have a meeting with Justin and Asher regarding tomorrow's mission. Though Drew had arrived in Sentania, he was nowhere to be found.
Bella understood that Drew was under a lot of stress.
Drew needed to cool his head and have zero distractions to face an imminent crisis.
Bella may look relaxed, but she was filled with jitters too.
Somehow she wandered to the study with the door left ajar. Ough the crack, she saw Camilla tidying up the piled documents on Edward's desk. 
"Camilla." In the presence of family, Bella forgot she was in the heavily secured president's house ande stepped into the study. "What are you doing?" 
"I was just sorting things out for Edward, Bella." Camilla, a devoted wife, carried on the task at hand.
She would be wary and cautious in the face of others, but Bella was family. She trusted Bella completely.
"I'll help you." Bella rolled up her sleeves and went to tidy the books on the coffee table.
"Thank you."
Camilla smiled wryly. "Edward
excels in everything he does, except when it comes to taking care of himself. He broke the washing machine and nearly set the kitchen on fire. If I ever take my eyes away from him for one second, he can button up his shirt wrongly for an event." 
"He has a lot on his mind, serving the country and the people. With so much going on, he doesn't have much attention for anything else." Suddenly, Bella paused and glanced at the bottom stack of papers under a book.
Curious, Bella reached out to pull the papers out.
###chapter2163
Chapter 2163
Bella flipped through the document for a closer look.
The print in red made her realize that it was a confidential document.
Prying into another country's secrets was dishonest and improper behavior, but it was too late. She had already turned the page.
Soon, she discovered that these materials were likely submitted by the state security bureau, containing information on spies who had harmed Sentania's national interest over the years. They were likely fugitives at large, yet to be arrested and brought to justice.
These individuals were either born into privilege, elites in their right, or highly ranked.
The crimes they committed were shocking and deserved the death penalty.
Bella went through the document quickly. Her great memory would make her the perfect spy.
She quickly read through everything and remembered it all.
By the eleventh file, she narrowed her eyes.
Unlike the previous files, the photo section was left empty.
[Name: Nadia Brown]
[Age: 25 years old]
[A former captain of the royal special force and a member of Sentania's secret spies. She was sentenced to death for stealing state secrets and colluding with the enemy. She fled to avoid execution.]
Bella stared at the words, clenching the paper unconsciously. She felt suffocated.
[The traitor fled by jumping into the sea three decades ago. Due to the investigation yielding no results and the statute of limitations having expired, the cabinet has decided to drop all criminal charges against her, pending the president's approval.]
The document was signed by King George of Sentania and stamped with the royal family's scal.
Edward had not put his signature on the papers, probably due to his busy work schedule. "Bella? Bella?"
Camilla tried snapping Bella out of her trance, but the latter was unresponsive.
Bella stared intently at the name on the document as a sense of familiarity rose within her.
She was a Brown and from Sentania. She was 25 when she jumped into the sea to escape execution thirty years ago.
These pieces of information fit her mother's description.
Could it be a coincidence?
Strangely enough, only Nadia's among the other files had the king's signature. It felt like a deliberate attempt to emphasize Nadia's importance and remind Edward to sign and approve it.
Bella's heart thumped out of her chest.
Coincidences happen all the time. However, when several coincidences occurred all at once, it was unlikely to be a series of random incidents.
"Oh, no." Camilla drew close and saw Bella going through her husband's confidential document. She pulled the papers out of Bella's hands. "You can't read this, Bella. Even I will make myself scarce when Edward is reviewing documents."
"S-Sorry, Camilla." Bella looked dazed.
"It's okay." Finding herself dramatic, Camilla felt bad and went to hug Bella. "You didn't mean to. It's Edward's fault for his bad habit. He shouldn't leave important papers lying around."
As Camilla put away the document, Bella said in a hoarse voice, "Camilla, I..."
"What's the matter?"
Camilla looked at Bella's discolored face in confusion and asked with concern, "You look sick, Bella. Is it jet lag? Should I get the house doctor to take a look at you?"
"Camilla... I-I..." A million thoughts raced through Bella's mind. In the end, she hung her head helplessly. "I'm alright. Don't worry about me."
After much thought, she realized the matter was too serious to discuss with Camilla under such circumstances.
For one, Camilla, the First Lady, could be accused of leaking classified information, and it would damage Edward's reputation.
Secondly, if Nadia was Bella's mother, she could start an uproar in a foreign land for launching an investigation recklessly. It would only give Christopher and other malicious parties ammunition to exploit.
Though it had been years since her mother's passing, her father was very much alive. Capturing Christopher was the primary ive, and she could afford to delay this investigation.
###chapter2164
Chapter 2164
Besides, Bella was not completely certain if Nadia was her mother.
Acting recklessly would only warrant trouble.
"The last few days must have taken a toll on you. You should head back for a rest." Camilla teared up, feeling bad for Bella.
The Thompsons may appear to be a serious bunch, but in reality, they were incredibly romantic, free-spirited, and self-centered. They would do and sacrifice anything to pursue their happiness.
It was the sort of self-serving righteousness.
Only Bella held the responsibility as the heiress on her frail shoulders. She threw herself into the shady side of the corporate world to protect the family and defend her father's empire.
Bella had the gentleness, wits, and beauty of a woman and the strength, decisiveness, and bravery of a man.
She was the chosen heiress.
However, not everybody could bear the weight of the crown.
The door to the study opened, and Edward entered.
"Edward." Camilla went up to him with a smile. Though they had been married for years, she was as bashful as ever.
Edward looked at the organized study and sighed in remorse. He pulled Camilla into his
arms.
"Sorry, the meeting took too long. We agreed to tidy the study together, but you handled it all on your own. It won't happen again."
"It's nothing major. Don't worry about it." Camilla blushed, feeling embarrassed to be lovey -dovey in front of Bella.
"Is everything ironed out, Edward?" Bella straightened herself out and acted normal.
"The secret service and the special force will assist you in capturing Christopher and his accomplices tomorrow."
Edward looked worried. "I advised Ash and Justin against going to the scene, warning them of potential dangers, but they ignored me and insisted on overseeing things themselves."
"Justin isn't there to take charge. He will be the first one on the scene." Bella was concerned. No one knew Justin better than her.
"While they will wear bulletproof vests, the danger levels will be high. Don't worry, Bella. I will do everything in my power to keep them safe." Edward was solemn.
Bella curled her lips faintly. "Thank you, Edward."
"It will be chaos tomorrow, Edward. Are you still attending the museum's opening ceremony?" Camilla asked worriedly.
"I will." Edward was firm on that note. "You know me. I can't go back on my promise."
Camilla responded, "I'll go with you."
"Stay here at the president's house and watch over Bella."
Edward declined. "I've stationed guards in the house, but all the men will be on duty tomorrow. I'm not comfortable leaving Bella here alone."
Camilla sighed and nodded. "Alright. Please be extra careful. I'll keep watch of Bella."
Bella returned to her room in a daze. Justin, big and tall as he was, walked out of the bathroom.
"I drew the bath for you, Bella."
Sweat gathered on Justin's forehead. His well-defined arms under the rolled sleeves of his white shirt painted a sexual tension.
"Okay," Bella responded nonchalantly while wandering off to the bathroom.
Suddenly, a pair of strong but gentle arms held Bella from the back.
Justin locked his arms around Bella's body, his breath mingling along her neck. The tingling sensation drenched her skin.
"Do you want to take a bath together?" Hiding his desire behind his eyes, Justin reached his hand into her blouse and unhooked her bra.
This was clearly a sweet part of their daily routine.
"Justin." Before, Bella would have melted in his arms by now.
Her composure tonight left Justin feeling uneasy.
"Hm?" Justin's breath hitched, and he turned her around to face him. "Do you have
something on your mind, Bella?"
"Justin..." Bella's lashes fluttered, and her voice was raspy as she asked, "My mother fled to Hatchbay back then. Do you think she was a fugitive from Sentania?"
###chapter2165

Justin was stunned.
He picked up on Bella's little mood the moment she walked through the door.
With her question throwing him for the loop, Justin wrapped his arms around Bella's waist, his muscles bulging. He rubbed his hand on her belly.
"What happened, Bella? Why do you ask?"
"Justin, I..." Bella looked distressed.
"You don't have to talk about it if you don't want to. Even though we are a couple, you're not obliged to."
Struck by a thought, Justin held her tighter and rested his chin on her shoulder for a snuggle. "My Bella will always be a highly independent and confident woman. Even though we're a couple, you can still have your little secrets. I won't interfere in any way." Justin's understanding only made Bella tear up and jump into his arms to whimper. She would not trust anybody else's concern for her, but she had complete faith in Justin. Without Justin to share her deepest thoughts with, she might feel so overwhelmed with emotions.
"Don't cry, Bella." Justin consoled her huskily.
He frantically patted her trembling back, but he held back from asking questions.
"I saw a document in Edward's study, Justin. The papers talked about a spy named Nadia Brown who fled over thirty years ago. The woman's age and experience reminded me of my mother."
Bella's tear-stained face buried in Justin's chest, soaking his white shirt and emotions, "I'm afraid that Nadia might just be my mother."
Justin's eyes bulged as he tightened his grip around her waist.
Bella quivered, and her voice choked with sobs.
"Dad has always been evasive about Mom. Aunt Mila said that Cameron found Mom by the beach. Everything seems to be mysteriously connected to Mom in some way. Maybe... She's really..."
"What do you plan to do if the woman is your mother, Bella?" Justin leaned into her ear and spoke huskily. His voice was reassuring.
"I want the truth."
Bella picked her head up and met Justin's deep eyes.
Still, she said stubbornly, "I want to know why the captain of the Sentania Royal Special Force would betray the country and be sentenced to death."
As his heart sank, Justin held her tight and said, "Alright. Once we deal with Christopher, I will investigate the truth with you."
"There's one more thing."
Justin looked puzzled. "What?"
"Once this is over, shouldn't you change the form of address like Arnold?" Bella pursed her luscious lips and blushed.
Overwhelmed with emotions, Justin could not stop the tears in his eyes and the tremor in his lips.
He locked fingers with Bella and said tearfully, "Bella, thank you for waiting for me. Thank you for giving me another chance."
In the end, the pair enjoyed a nice bath together.
Exhausted from the travel and intense days of planning, Bella fell asleep on Justin's chest before the latter could romance her in the bath.
###chapter2166
Night fell.
Justin wiped Bella dry and dressed her in a silk nightgown. He carried her up and placed her gently on the bed before tucking her in.
He was a considerate husband, caring for his lover well.
His callus-filled hands once strived in the military academy, fought on the battlefield, and struggled in the corporate world. Yet now, the same pair of hands handled Bella in the gentlest manner.
He did not wake her up.
Bella was fast asleep, whimpering comfortably at times.
She was pure delight.
Justin swallowed hard and leaned over to caress her hair. He kissed her forehead and her lips.
Then he left the bedroom and went to the balcony.
Savrow experienced a bitter winter at the end of December, while Sentania enjoyed a gentle, moist breeze.
Justin pondered deeply at Bella's words before taking out his phone and dialing a long-forgotten number.
"Holy shit! Did my eyes deceive me?" A man's shocked voice came on the line. "I can't believe I'm still on your mind, Justin."
Justin took a deep breath, his voice filled with resignation and remorse. "I'm sorry. It's been years since we last got in touch. This is rude of me."
"Don't say that, brother. I have never deleted your number. I've been waiting for the day you would contact me. I have always hoped that you haven't forgotten me, my friend."
The person on the other end of the
line softened his voice and choked. "We fought to keep our countries safe. Even though we were on different teams, we fought alongside each other and formed a friendship on the battlefield despite our nationalities and ages. Those experiences continue to inspire me
to this day. I will never forget them."
"Me too. I can't and never will forget those experiences." Justin's veins bulged, and his lashes fluttered as he gripped the railing.
"The battle was brutal. We lost many beloved brothers-in-arms."
The man sounded dejected, his voice hoarse. "That's not the only thing. We were diagnosed with severe PTSD. It took me especially long just to function as a normal human being." 
Justin hung his head low, and his breathing became heavy.
No one could get used to death.
As one familiar face after another fell before his eyes, the overwhelming shock and pain took Justin three full years to gradually overcome. During this time, they had not been in touch. One was living in Savrow, while the other resided in Sentania.
It was not that Justin did not want to, but he was afraid of disrupting the man's recovery. His presence may trigger painful memories.
"Either way, it's all in the past.” Justin curled his lips in relief. “From the sound of your voice, I know that you have made it out.”
"We aren't ordinary people. We are decorated veterans!" The man was proud.
"I'm not. I'm just a businessman and an ordinary husband." Justin could feel his eyes welling up.
"Oh, my. Are you married? How could you not tell me?!"
Justin beamed. “Not yet, but soon. Will you attend my wedding?"
"Of course! I'll get there even if I have to swim from Sentania." The man asked Curiously, "Are you getting marded to the little dove you always dreamed of?" 
###chapter2167
 
The smile on Justin's face froze as bitterness took over.
The girl rescued him from the brink of death and dragged him back from the battlefield. She was injured time and again, and her fate was uncertain all because of him.
He had never once forgotten about the girl and tried everything in his power to track her down.
Justin wanted to express his gratitude and repay her for saving his life.
After leaving Kridor, the little dove disappeared without a trace. Justin even suspected that she was no longer on this earth.
"It's not her." Justin looked at the star-filled sky in the distance, his eyes welling up. However, he quickly gathered himself and responded, "But she's a brave and determined lady like the little dove. We went through a lot together. She's the love of my life, and I love her."
"I know you, brother. You look like you got it together, but once you fall in love, you'll give your everything to make her happy." The man expressed, "Your wife is lucky."
"No. I'm lucky to have her." Justin kept his head down to hide his embarrassment. "I hurt her in many ways; I don't deserve her."
"Oh, my God. You were the top student in your country's military academy and the highest-scoring member of our unit. Yet you don't deserve her? I hope I get the chance to meet her." The man sighed. "Sigh, I caught a quick glimpse of the little dove back then. I didn't think we wouldn't see her again. I feel sorry for you and little dove, brother."
"Don't be. We might meet her again someday." Justin pressed his lips together and expressed lightheartedly, "If fate wills it, we will meet again." "That's true. I hope so." The man then changed the subject. "I'm sure you didn't call me in the middle of the night just to catch up.
Justin tensed his jawline and pursed his lips.
The man said, "It's been years since we got in touch, but our friendship remains. You took a bullet for me back then, and our friendship goes beyond that. Don't hesitate to ask me for anything."
"You took the time to get better after you retired from the force. Did you join the royal special force once you recovered?"
"That's right."
"Are you still working for the royal family now?"
"This is my last year with the Royal Special Force. I'll be assigned to the National Security Bureau come spring next year." Justin's mind started to race.
Having connections to Sentania, the royal family, and the National Security Bureau could not come at a better time.
"When you were with the Royal Special Force, have you heard of someone named Nadia Brown? She was the captain of the Royal Special Force." "Jesus... How do you know about her?" The man was surprised.
Justin gripped the banister. "So you know her?"
"Tell me about your association with her. How do you know about her?"
Justin contemplated for a moment. His voice was deep. "She was an old friend of my mother who helped our family a fet. I've been meaning to find her for years now, to thank her in person and honor my mother's memory." 
Bella must be rubbing off on him because he had never lied before.
Now, Justin could make up a story at the drop of a hat.
He shouldered the responsibility, understanding the delicate nature of Bella's mother's past.
If the truth were to get out, trouble may come to Bella and her family.
Justin had to play it safe and not take chances.
"I see...". The man fell silent for a moment before sighing emotionally. "Nadia is well known among the royal family, but no one outside the family knows about her. The royal family keeps hush on information about her." 
Furrowing his brows, Justin asked eagerly, "Why, though?"
"I'm in the middle of the job
transition now, so I can speak freely about certain things. Once I join the National Security Bureau, I'll be bound by strict confidentiality rules." 
###chapter2168
Justin said, "I understand. I get it."
"Whatever I tell you tonight stays between us. I'm telling you this because I trust you. You're not from Sentania anyway, so it doesn't matter if you know." The man's voice turned husky. "Nadia is the king's personal bodyguard, but there were rumors that she was the king's lover."
Justin's mind went blank. "Lover?"
"I don't know the details since I was quite young when she was sentenced to death. I heard about the royal secrets through people I came across while working here over the years."
The man carried on. "Apparently, the king was deeply in love with Nadia, and they were intimate. She even carried the king's baby. I don't know why she was given the death penalty for treason. She fled and went missing for over thirty years. She might be dead somewhere out there."
Justin turned pale, and the veins along his hand on the banister bulged.
The bombshell was quite a lot to process.
"If she was loyal to the king, why would she become a spy?"
"That's the kicker. There have been rumors that the queen persecuted Nadia. Have you watched the soap operas surrounding royal families? There's always drama in the family. Besides, Nadia became a personal bodyguard not long after the queen married the king, but she was pregnant ahead of the queen. It would be a disgrace to the queen. The queen wouldn't put up with her. I'm not surprised if the queen had something to do with it." Justin felt churning in his stomach.
If Nadia was indeed Bella's mother, and the rumors were right, then Bella's mother had a dangerous past.
It would be easy to get sucked into the drama.
“Here's a word of advice, brother. It's better to stop what you're doing and stay away from the royal family." The man urged kindly, “There's a grain of truth in some of the rumors you hear about the royal family."
"Thank you, bro. But I have gotten this far. I can't give up." Justin took a deep breath and clenched his fists. "Please let me know if you hear anything new about Nadia. I'm not afraid of trouble and danger. I just want to know the truth."
Bella was startled awake from her nightmare at 4:00 a.m., cold sweat drenching her nightgown.
"J-Justin!"
"I'm here, Bella."
Picking up on her anxious voice, Justin opened the door to the bedroom and rushed in.
He sat on the bed and pulled her into his arms protectively.
"Did you have a bad dream?" Justin nuzzled her face and spoke in a raspy voice.
"Yeah. I was scared."
Bella rested her forehead against his chin and sniffled, her voice bearing sobs. "dreamed that you didn't recognize me. I cried and shouted, but you wouldn't look back. You simply walked away." 
"Don't scare yourself, silly."
Justin ran
"I shouls fingers down her h uld be the one scared. I
belongs to en.swnovelshov
never walk away from you" 
"Have you been up all night?"
"Yeah. I've got a big day ahead, so I couldn't sleep."
In reality, he had been thinking about what his friend said and looking up the he
come across anything viable.
dion for family online. Howeve
Bella wrapped her arms around his neck and sealed his lips, suckling and grazing.
As Justin's breathing grew heavy, he pried open her teeth and responded to her affection.
"Did you get any news from Drew?" Bella panted, her cheeks rosy.
"Yes. Don't worry. We have everything covered."
Justin laid Bella down and climbed on top of her. He drew close for a kiss.
"It's early. Get some sleep and wait for my good news."
###chapter2169
 
With Justin's comfort and company, Bella quickly fell asleep in his arms.
It was bright outside by the time she woke up again. A gentle breeze caressed the sheer curtains as sunlight kissed her skin. The room was filled with last night's tenderness and the sweet scent of Sentania's flora.
It was a beautiful day, yet she could not enjoy the peace and quiet with Justin.
Bella sighed, feeling sad.
She got up and cleaned herself before going out to the balcony to relax her mind.
"What's on your mind, girl?" Camilla made breakfast and brought it over to Bella with a smile.
"Camilla." Bella looked at the delectable food on the table without any appetite. Still, she forced a smile. "Wow... It smells good. I can tell that you made this. You're an amazing cook, just like Aunt Celeste. I've been missing out since you moved to Sentania. You make the best stew."
“Once Justin, Ash, Drew, and Edward get back, I'll cook for you. The staff in the kitchen will have the ingredients ready." Camilla rubbed her palms together eagerly.
As the First Lady, Camilla had always presented herself as mature, graceful, and dependable in front of her people.
She would only show her animated side to her family.
"Edward is lucky to have a talented and devoted wife like you."
Bella grabbed a sandwich and took a tiny bite out of it. "If I were a man, I would not let anyone else have you. I would marry you."
"If you were a man and my brother, the family would be in chaos if you married me."
The sisters enjoyed a good talk and laugh, but the sandwich in Bella's hand remained.
Chapter 2169 1
"The wedding venue?"
Bella frowned and clutched Camilla's hands. "Why would Christopher hold a wedding for his subordinate at a time like this?"
For some reason, Bella felt something was off.
Camilla held Bella's hands tight, feeling rather puzzled.
"This kind of high-profile, arrogant, and reckless behavior is typical of Christopher."
Chapter 2169 2
Chapter 2169 3
Though Bella knew Camilla had a point, she still panicked.
"Don't be scared, Bella. I'm with you." Camilla gave her a little squeeze on the cheek. “Have something to eat. I'll take you to the garden later to look at the flowers, okay?"
"Seriously, Camilla. I'm not a child. Don't treat me like one." Bella pouted. She was so adorable.
Camilla hugged Bella and swayed her around. "You'll always be a child to me."
Following Christopher's instructions, Taylor organized a wedding in a renowned church in the capital of Sentania.
###chapter2170
 
The church and its surroundings had been cleared out three days ago. The area was off-limits to the public. Taylor was about to be a groom, but a dark cloud hung over him.
He did not want a wedding at all. He wanted to elope with Yvonne to a faraway place as soon as possible.
The sun shone brightly today, but the air seemed heavy in the church.
The church was packed with Christopher's men. Their faces were as blank as slates, sitting there like lifeless puppets to fill the place for the newlyweds and fulfill their boss' orders.
Yvonne and Taylor were orphans. They had no family or friends.
Their circumstances somehow foretold their future.
The newlyweds were destined for an unblessed union.
Yvonne looked beautiful in a floor-length wedding gown and makeup. However, nothing could hide her haggard and ashen face.
Taylor looked sharp next to her. He stared at her with a loving smile.
Even though everything was a heartless and violent lie, it was true that he would be marrying the woman he had loved for many years.
"Do you take this young lady as your lawfully wedded wife to love and cherish, in good times and in bad, in sickness and in health, for richer or for poorer, for better or for worse, for as long as you shall live?" The pastor asked Taylor.
Excited, Taylor held Yvonne's cold hand tightly and said in a trembling voice, "I do.”
The declaration bore his genuine feelings for Yvonne.
However, Yvonne's eyes were lifeless. She did not even have the mood to keep up with the act.
The pastor turned to the sad bride.
"Do you take this young man as your lawfully wedded husband to lovez and cherish, in good times and in bad, in sickness and in health, for richer or for poorer, for better or for worse, for as long as you shall live?" 
Taylor looked at her in anticipation.
Time passed.
However, Yvonne's eyes remained vacant. She stood there, frozen in silence.
Those below the podium exchanged glances.
Furrowing his brows, Taylor clenched her fingers and urged, "Say something, Yvonne."
Yvonne's lips quivered as she responded hesitantly, “I—"
A commotion stirred outside the heavy doors.
The heavy doors came crashing down with a loud bang.
With her heart racing, Yvonne looked back.
Drew stood amid the chaotic scene, his face looking arrogant and untamed. He narrowed his
l
eyes
ndedly. 
His black parka fluttered in the wind, adding to his commanding presence.
When his eyes met those of his loved one, his aggression turned into affection.
Drew looked at Yvonne's tearful
eyes, smiled, and answered
"She doesn't!" Content belo
to
###chapter2171
The entire hall suddenly fell into a heart-stopping silence.
The bodyguards stood up in unison. Their fierce and ruthless gazes were like arrows, aimed at Drew, who stood there proudly.
"Drew..." Yvonne's face, drained of all color, was numb like a puppet. However, her face came alive the moment she saw Drew's rebellious, spirited smile. Tears welled up in her eyes like a dam breaking, streaming down her cheeks.
Her tears ruined her delicate makeup. Yet, this only made her emotions look more raw and strikingly beautiful.
Beside her, Taylor felt his chest tighten with rage, his eyes filling with anger.
He was not just furious because Drew had burst in and ruined his wedding.
He was also mad because Yvonne was crying uncontrollably for this man, unable to hold back her emotions.
Yvonne had not forgotten Drew...
She loved him all along, and Taylor had never truly had her heart.
"Don't be afraid, Yvonne. I'm here." Drew's body trembled under his black trench coat as his blood rushed to his head. Every cell and nerve screamed with intensity. "From now on, nothing and no one will ever separate us again. Will you marry me and be Mrs. Brown?"
Taylor stood stunned, and everyone else stared in shock!
How could he be thinking about proposing at a time like this, on the brink of life and death?
Was he even human?
Was he really unafraid of dying?
Yvonne could not stop crying.
She bit down on the inside of her lower lip until she tasted blood. She wanted to scream, 'Yes, Drew. Yes! Yes! Yes!'
She shouted these words in her heart over and over again, desperately wanting to express her feelings. However, she could not utter a word. "Drew Brown!"
Taylor's bloodshot eyes seemed to want to crush this name, so deeply etched in Yvonne's heart, into dust.
Drew's gaze burned with fiery intensity as he walked step by step toward Yvonne. He ignored any unknown danger, fearing nothing.
He just wanted to get to her faster, hold the woman he loved the most in his arms, take her home, marry her, grow old together, and have a family with her.
At that moment, a vision of the happiness he had longed for flashed in his mind. His eyes grew hot, but he held back his tears.
"Drew! Don't come any closer!"
Suddenly, Yvonne screamed at him, "Don't worry about me! Leave here immediately! Go!"
At the same time, Taylor, his face twisted with rage, pulled a gun from his suit. Without a word, he aimed at Drew's chest and pulled the trigger. Bang!
The gunshot rang out with a deafening bang, echoing through the sacred chapel like a proclamation of death before God.
The bullet hit its mark perfectly, striking Drew right in the heart.
His pupils contracted sharply, and his tall body shuddered violently.
"No!" Yvonne screamed in agony. She tried to run to him, but Taylor grabbed her tightly, holding her back.
In an instant, her entire soul
shattered within her body. Her vision went black. Everything around ber collapsed, her world torn apart, blood and flesh indistinguishable.
At that moment, Taylor stared at Drew with bloodshot eyes, a smug and wild grin spreading across his face.
What could be more satisfying than killing his rival right in front of the woman he loved most?
But to his complete surprise, Drew smiled, too.
Not only did he smile, but he also stood tall and straight in front of Taylor, refusing to fall as expected. "You...!" Taylor exclaimed in shock, his eyes fixed on the hole in Drew's chest where he had just shot him.
It turned out Drew was wearing a bulletproof vest.
l
Yvonne's tightly clenched heart suddenly relaxed, and she lost control both crying and laughing. Her soft body nearly collapsed from relief, trembling violently. 
"I gave you a chance, but you didn't kill me." Drew patted the bullet hole in his chest, his handsome face smiling so brightly it seemed to light up the place. "Well, sorry about that, but I believe God is on my side. You, on the other hand, deserve to go to hell with your boss!" 
With those words, he drew a gun from his back and aimed the dark barrel straight at Taylor's head.
###chapter2172
 
"Don't move!" Taylor roared, pulling Yvonne into his arms. He pressed his elbow hard against her chest, the barrel of his gun against her temple. "If you want to see the woman you love die right in front of you, then go ahead. Try me!"
Taylor knew very well that Drew was a top-level agent who could take down a hundred men single-handedly and end his life in the blink of an eye. He had no shot at escaping, and Yvonne was his last bargaining chip.
The woman he claimed to love had now become a hostage. How pathetic and laughable!
"Drew... Don't worry about me... Just go!" Yvonne cried, tears streaming down her face, but her tone was resolute.
"If you dare hurt her, I swear I will make sure you die a terrible death!" Drew's eyes were bloodshot, and a cold, murderous aura surged in him. "Yvonne and I have already registered our marriage. She's my wife. She's my woman now!"
Taylor's expression twisted with madness as he tightened his grip on Yvonne, causing her face to flush red. "We could have finished the wedding, escaped, and lived a happy, carefree life together. You ruined it all! You're the one who's destroying Yvonne! It's all because of you!"
"Taylor... Wake up..."
Yvonne gasped for air, beads of sweat forming on her forehead. "Can't you see it yet? This is all a trap set by Christopher. He made you marry me and forced this grand wedding to draw attention to you while he escapes. He plans to use our deaths to secure his own freedom. You think you're his confidant, his right hand... But from the beginning, you've been nothing more than a pawn to be discarded!"
"Enough! Do you think I don't know that?! I don't need you to remind me of any of that!"
Finally, Taylor lost control. He shouted furiously, "What are you all standing around for?! Kill him!"
The Iverson men under Christopher's command were not supposed to obey Taylor.
However, Drew's presence made them realize the gravity of the situation. They all pulled out their weapons, ready to take him down.
Just then, two imposing figures burst through the door.
It was Justin and Ralph.
Dressed in black tactical gear and bulletproof vests, their faces were sharp and cold, their eyes fierce. They held their guns steady. Then, they swiftly took out Christopher's men who had aimed at Drew.
At that moment, the two brothers battled side by side, testing their courage, skills, and marksmanship.
No matter the circumstances, they always pushed themselves to confront the enemy and each other.
It was a pity that Bella and Arnold were not present. They would have made the group even stronger.
Amid the bloodshed and chaos, Taylor dragged Yvonne toward the back exit of the chapel, making his escape. "Yvonne!" Drew shouted as he recklessly chased after them.
The police officers filed in one after another, surrounding and subduing the remnants of Iverson guards.
"Drew went after them alone!” Justin said, his sharp eyebrows furrowing.
"The SWAT team has surrounded the outside of the church. There's no way Taylor can escape!" Ralph's expression was stern as he gripped his gun tightly. "But we don't know if Taylor will act desperately and harm Yvonne. In my experience, we should prepare a sniper now." 
Justin lifted his chin slightly, his eyes narrowing. "I'm ready at any moment!"
...
Meanwhile, at the president's house
in Sentanta, Camilla changed into gardening boots and put on an apron. Standing amidst a colorful sea of flowers, she picked fresh blooms to put in a vase. 
Bella stood gracefully at the edge of the flower bed, soaking in the warm sunlight. The warmth soothed her anxious heart a little.
Just then, her phone buzzed in her pocket.
She took it out and looked at the screen, and her heart suddenly sank.
It was an unknown number, a local Sentania number.
A sense of foreboding slithered up her slender legs like a cold snake, creeping up ominously.
Seeing that her sister was not paying attention, Bella turned away, slowly answered the call, and held the phone to her ear.
"Bella." The warm, gentle voice called her name like it always did.
However, the voice made her feel like she had fallen into an icy abyss. It was as if a cold wind wrapped around her and invaded her, causing her to hug her shoulders tightly. 
"Bella, I know you're listening." Christopher chuckled, his tone calm and unhurried.
Bella clenched her teeth, her beautiful eyes turning icy cold.
"Bella, I miss you so much." Christopher spoke in a hushed, raspy voice. "I think, at this very moment, you must be thinking of me, too."
###chapter2173
 
Bella's eyes swirled with a crimson tide, and her insides felt like they were being tightly squeezed by a giant hand, turning into a blurry mess of blood and flesh.
After a moment, she said, "You're right, Christopher. I've been constantly thinking about your death."
"Haha... Bella, you're really cute." Christopher's voice brimmed with deep affection. If not for the phone between them, he would have wanted to kiss her. "Even though you hate me, I still love you. I can't stop myself from doing so."
“Does a cold-blooded snake like you even understand what love is?" Bella's eyes glinted like a blade, her chest churning with disgust. "Don't you dare taint such pure emotion! You're not worthy to even mention that word."
"Bella, I love you. Besides, I don't think I've done anything wrong." Christopher's voice grew lower, filled with suppressed pain. "My love for you is the purest and most sincere in this world. From the beginning till the end, I have only loved you. I have only wanted you."
Bella shut her eyes tightly and took a deep breath. She nearly vomited from the force of her emotions.
"Justin has never loved you. He loves another woman. You sacrificed three years of your youth to marry him, gave him everything, and cared for him meticulously. Yet his heart was always with another woman. He gave her all his tenderness. He even cast you, his so-called wife, aside.
"When you returned to the Thompson family with a heart full of wounds, he saw you repeatedly demonstrate your abilities and reclaim your status as the heiress of KS Group. That was when he developed feelings for you. But if you had remained the silent, demure woman by his side, would Justin have noticed you? Would he have loved you? He wouldn't have. Isn't this just the same as being fickle and changeable?"
Bella's long lashes fluttered as she tried to steady herself. Yet she still felt these malicious words slicing through her heart like a blunt knife, slowly and deeply.
"From the day I met you when I was ten until now, I have never loved another woman. I have only ever loved you, Bella." Christopher's voice flowed like hot sand, lingering in her ears with a deep, obsessive madness. "For you, I can go mad. I can destroy the entire world for you. My life has always been dark and cold. You're the only one who can enter my heart. You're the only lively and vibrant being that I have always longed for. Justin's love is shallow and fickle. He was even slow to realize it. How could his cheap affection ever compare to mine? What right does he have to love you?” "Christopher, are you still trying to use such despicable methods to drive a wedge between us now? Just give up already." Bella laughed, her strong love dispelling all darkness. "Yes, Justin did like someone else before. He did hurt me, but even so, I still want to love him and be with him. As for you, no matter how many tricks you play or how much you manipulate people's hearts, I still only see you as a rat in the gutter."
As she finished her sentence, she completely ignored his passionate feelings and mocked him mercilessly. "Christopher, don't you think you're pathetic?"
Christopher fell into a suffocating silence.
Then he spoke softly. "Bella, if that's the case, let me see you one last time, okay?"
Bella clenched her teeth. "In your dreams!"
"Bella, who are you on the phone with?" Holding a basket full of fresh flowers, Camilla stood in the flower bed and looked at Bella's back. “Is something wrong?"
"No, it's nothing, Camilla!" Bella responded with a bright smile.
The next second, her phone vibrated—
She received a text message.
"Bella, don't rush to answer me. Look at what I sent you first, then decide." The man spoke seductively.
Bella bit her lower lip and opened the message. A clear photo jumped out at her.
The picture was taken from a low angle, and the person in the photo was her brother-in-law, Edward, giving a speech on stage in front of a captivated audience.
"Christopher... What exactly do you want?!"
Bella's face turned deathly pale, her almond-shaped eyes burning red. "I warn you, don't you dare touch my family, or I will kill you with my own hands!"
Chapter 2173 1
A bone-piercing chill ran up Bella's stiff spine.
Overwhelmed by immense terror, Bella felt her mind buzz, and her chest ached so much she could hardly breathe.
Her brother-in-law had diverted part of the police force to assist Justin and her brother. He also sent another group to protect her and her sister. The event had far fewer police officers present.
If Christopher decided to target her brother-in-law now, it would be all too easy to take his life.
"The President and your sister share
a deep bond. If he dies today, do you
think your sister can handle such a blow? Would she have any reason left to
live?" Christopher's tone was calm. Yet his calm tone made him sound even more sinister and terrifying. 
Bella slowly turned around, looking at Camilla, who was completely oblivious to the precarious situation. She spoke in a hoarse voice. "Don't do anything to my brother-in-law. I'll go see you."
“Alright, Bella.” Christopher smiled in satisfaction. "I'll be waiting for you at the Rose Nursing Home in the eastern suburbs of the Western District."
Suddenly, his voice dropped to a
menacing tone. "Don't tell anyone about this, especially Justin. I don't want anyone ruining our meeting You know me, Bella. When I
angry, I might do soine
unpredictable. I'm not sure what I'm fully capable of either." 
With that, the phone screen went dark, and the call ended.
###chapter2174
 
Taylor held Yvonne hostage and dragged her toward the back of the church.
However, there was nowhere left for him to run.
The police had surrounded the church from all sides, leaving Taylor completely trapped with no escape route.
"Stop fighting against them..."
As he tightly held Yvonne in his arms, Yvonne's face turned pale. Her lips had turned a bluish-purple from being choked for so long. "You have no way out... You and Christopher are finished!"
"Shut up!" Taylor shouted, his eyes bloodshot and his body trembling uncontrollably.
But Yvonne laughed. Her expression showed relief, joy, and contentment.
With nowhere to escape, Taylor had no choice but to take her up a rundown ten-story tower behind the church.
The police had blocked all exits and surrounded the tower. They left him with only one option: to call for backup. A helicopter might be his only way out.
However, when Taylor called every confidant and subordinate he could reach, it seemed like they had all conspired against him. They refused to answer his calls.
"Damn it! A bunch of ungrateful bastards!" Taylor fumed.
"Haha... Do you still think you're the all-powerful secretary to the chairman of the Iverson Group? Do you still think those crooks in Sentania will still bow to you?"
Yvonne's eyes shone brightly as she laughed openly, her disdain and contempt for him obvious. "When relationships are based on benefits, they end when the benefit does. When based on power, they crumble when the power fades. You and Christopher are nothing but defeated dogs now. There's only one path left for you-death!"
"Do you think I did all this for myself?! I did it for us!" Taylor tightened his grip on the numb woman in his arms. He was on the verge of a breakdown. Do you have any idea how much I've sacrificed to be with you? Do you know that for over a decade, I've dreamed of being with you and marrying you? Yvonne... Why can't you understand how I feel? Why are you praying for my downfall? Haven't I been good to you? Haven't I?"
"All these years, Christopher humiliated, abused, and exploited me... He sent me to different men to gain benefits and satisfy his desires." Yvonne closed her eyes in pain with hatred. The wicked laughter of those men echoed in her ears, and the unbearable scenes played out before her eyes. "You just watched for years. Did you ever help me, even once?"
Taylor's body shook violently, his hand trembling uncontrollably while holding the gun.
"You were terrified of Christopher. You were afraid of him. No, it wasn't just fear. You admired him, respected him, and willingly submitted to him. As for me, you were just waiting for the right moment, when I had lost all value, to ask Christopher for me as your reward. After all, you'd been his loyal dog for so many years. Christopher would have no reason to refuse you. Taylor, you can lie to yourself all you want. But if you're trying to lie to me like you did to yourself, just save it." Yvonne coldly exposed his so-called act of deep affection.
"Yvonne..." Taylor was desperate, angry, and heartbroken. However, he was at a loss for words to argue.
Because her every word hit its mark and struck straight to the heart.
This time, even he could not lie to himself.
"Yvonne!"
Drew was the first to rush up to the tower's roof, his hand gripping his gun so tightly that his veins bulged. He aimed directly at Taylor's head. "Let her go! I won't say it again!" 
Yvonne's wedding dress, now soaked in cold sweat, clung to her trembling body. Tears welled up in her eyes as she gazed at her lover who was steadily approaching her. She felt like a bloody nail was lodged in her throat, rendering her able to speak. All she could do was shake her head repeatedly at him. 
But she knew that the word "retreat” did not exist in Drew's dictionary.
"Damn it... If you've got the guts, then shoot!" Taylor laughed wildly, taunting the man before him. "If you shoot, she won't live either!"
Large beads of sweat gathered on Drew's forehead, soon rolling down his sharp, handsome face.
His heart pounded as if it might burst out of his chest.
He did not dare think about what might happen the next second. Otherwise, his hand might shake, and his aim might falter.
Yvonne was not just anyone. She was his first love. She was one of a kind in the world.
He could not afford to gamble on her life. He could not afford to lose her.
"What do you want?" Drew's pale lips trembled slightly, his inner conflict visible in his eyes.
"Within half an hour, I want $200 million and a helicopter! Let Yvonne and me leave this place!" Drew gritted his teeth, fury boiling inside him.
Not far behind him, Asher and Ralph lay in ambush, ready to act at any moment.
Ralph cursed under his breath. “$200 million? In half an hour?! Even if we emptied every bank in this city, we wouldn't have enough!" "We can." The shadows obscured Asher's handsome face. He then spoke coolly, "I have enough in my account. We can use my money."
Ralph was dumbfounded. “Oh my god! Can we be friends, Mr. Millionaire?!"
"In this life, we're brothers. We can
be friends in our next life." Although it was not the time for jokes, Asher
still played along with his sel
sudden shift in tone, easing
tension just a little. "But I don't think
we'll need that money will
never let this guy leave this place alive." 
###chapter2175
 
"But Taylor has Ms. Smith as a hostage and a gun in his hand! If he becomes desperate and does something reckless, even if Drew shoots him dead on the spot, Ms. Smith could still be in danger!"
Ralph watched the standoff with nervous eyes, his heart in his throat. "This is the first time I've seen Drew so panicked and flustered. He's always been fearless, confident, and rebellious. This shows just how much he truly loves Ms. Smith..."
"You're right." Asher, who also had someone he loved, completely understood. "Intense love and stable emotions can never coexist. The more you love, the more afraid you are of losing, and the more flustered you become."
"So, what do we do now?" Ralph asked, his expression anxious.
Asher looked toward the church rooftop across from them, squinting slightly.
"I believe God will favor justice. I also believe that he will complete this mission successfully."
After finishing with the flowers, the Thompson sisters walked hand in hand back to the living room to arrange them in vases.
"What's wrong, Bella? Is something bothering you?" Camilla asked, worried about her sister's pale complexion.
"Maybe it's because I was standing in the sun for too long and got a bit overheated." Bella's beautiful eyes curved as she waved a delicate hand to fan herself. “The heat here in Sentania is something else! I've already worked up a sweat just being outside for a little while."
"I'll have the kitchen make you a cold dessert."
Camilla gently wiped the fine sweat from her sister's forehead with a smile. "That's just how it is here. It's always summer, unlike our home. It took me quite a while to get used to it, too."
Little did she know, the sweat on Bella's forehead was not from the heat. It was from cold fear.
"Camilla, I'd love it if you could make the dessert yourself." Bella clung to Camilla's arm, swaying it playfully. "Once I go back, it'll be hard to taste your cooking again. Please make it for me!"
"It's just dessert. You don't have to plead with me like that." Camilla doted on her sister and pinched her cute, upturned nose. "Alright, I'll make it for you. You wait here like a good girl. When I get back, we'll arrange the flowers together and put them in your brother-in-law's study. He loves fresh flowers. It'll put him in a good mood when he sees them."
"Yes, yes! Alright! I'll wait for you!"
Unsuspecting of anything, Camilla left with a smile on her face.
As soon as she turned around, Bella's smile froze at the corners of her lips, and her fingers clenched tightly in secret.
Half an hour later, Camilla returned to the living room with a bowl of shaved ice dessert.
She even made some mango compote as a topping, hoping to delight her sister's taste buds.
However, the living room was empty. No one was around except for a basket of fresh flowers sitting alone on the coffee table.
“Bella? Bella?" Camilla searched everywhere, inside and out. She even asked the servants. However, everyone said they had not seen her.
Her heart started racing. She quickly called for the head of security.
"Where's my sister?!"
"Ma'am, didn't you know?" The security chief looked surprised. "About half an hour ago, Ms. Bella drove out in her car."
"What?!" Camilla was always kind and gentle, but now she could not contain her anger. "What did I tell you? You were to ensure my sister's safety! Is this how you carry out your duties?"
"Ma'am, please calm down!"
Realizing something was seriously
wrong, the security chief broke into a
cold sweat. "The President
e
instructed us to protect you and Ms. Bella here. But he didn't say we had to confine her or prevent her from leaving. Ms. Bella said she had your permission when she left..." 
"You fools!" Camilla was so furious that her forehead began to throb, and her eyes reddened. "Check the license plates and surveillance cameras! Track my sister's location right now! If you can't find her, you'll have to face the consequences!” 
"Yes, Ma'am!" The security chief then asked, "S-Should we inform Mr. President...?"
Camilla paced back and forth, her mind in turmoil.
Her husband was attending an important event, and her brother and Justin were facing even more severe situations. She could not disturb them.
"Don't alert anyone else for now. Find out where my sister went immediately! Activate the Zoom Camera system!"
"We'll need the President's signature to activate the system..."
"I'm the First Lady. I have the authority to exercise special privileges Camilla's eyes were sharp and commanding, leaving no room for argument. "I'll take full responsibility for any consequences. Just do as I say!" 
###chapter2176
Bella stared intently at the seemingly endless road ahead as she drove a black sedan, following the GPS directions to the Rose Nursing Home. As per Christopher's instructions, she had turned off her phone.
She knew that her sister would soon realize she had left the house and would likely do everything in her power to search the entire city and locate her phone.
The lush, verdant scenery outside the window blurred into a swift-moving backdrop.
Bella's gaze was solemn. Her delicate hands gripped the steering wheel tightly, brows furrowed with deep, unshakable concern.
After driving for a full hour, the black sedan made a sharp, decisive drift and stopped in the courtyard of the flower-filled nursing home.
Bella stepped out of the car, her long legs moving gracefully as she cautiously surveyed her surroundings.
To her surprise, this was a fully operational nursing home. There were vehicles belonging to other visitors in the parking lot, and people coming and going appeared normal, showing no signs of anything unusual.
However, Bella did not let her guard down. With a heart full of apprehension, she walked step by step toward the entrance.
Inside the spacious and bright lobby, colorful paintings adorned the walls, vibrant greenery was everywhere, and caregivers were attentively tending to the elderly.
Everything seemed warm, peaceful, and serene.
"Hello, Miss. Are you Ms. Thompson?" A nurse approached her and asked politely.
Bella's brows knitted together. "How do you know who I am?"
"Mr. Iverson, the major shareholder of our nursing home, showed me your photo earlier. He instructed me to wait for your arrival. Now that you're here, Mr. Iverson asked me to take you to meet someone." The nurse replied frankly.
"Who am I meeting?"
"Mr. Iverson's mother."
Bella's eyes widened in surprise.
"Mr. Iverson mentioned that it has been a long time since you and Mrs. Iverson have seen each other. Mrs. Iverson misses you very much and has many things she wants to talk to you about. Please follow me."
...
The nurse led Bella to the back garden.
On the mirror-like surface of the lake, two white swans played, their necks entwined, creating a beautiful and serene scene.
By the lakeside, a graceful yet frail figure sitting in a wheelchair came into view.
It was Mrs. Iverson.
Bella took a deep breath and walked slowly toward the woman, her heart inexplicably heavy.
Although she harbored a deep
hatred for Christopher, she did not
hold any resentment toward Mrs. Iverson. Even though Mrs. Iverson had given birth to a son who had become a ruthless and heartless monster, it was not her fault.
This woman, burdened with her husband's misunderstanding and contempt and plagued by illness, had suffered enough. She was truly pitiable.
"Mrs. Iverson," Bella softly called as she approached her. Her eyes lit up with surprise.
Today, Mrs. Iverson wore an elegant,
luxurious dress, with delicate
makeup enhancing her features.
Though not dyed black, her gray hair
was neatly styled into a bun
adorned with a jade green hairpin.
Despite being excessively thin, she still faintly resembled the once dignified and graceful matriarch of the Iverson family, exuding an air of nobility and elegance.
###chapter2177
Chapter 2177
Upon hearing the sweet and gentle voice, Mrs. Iverson's vacant eyes moved slightly. But the moment she saw Bella, it was as if she remembered everything. Her eyes brightened and came alive.
"Bella... Bella! You've finally come to see me! Chris said you would come, and he didn't lie to me!"
Bella fluttered her long eyelashes and clenched her fingers. "Mrs. Iverson, have you been doing well lately? How's your health?"
"I'm good... So good... Seeing you, all my ailments are gone." As she spoke, her body trembled slightly as if she were feeling cold.
Bella quickly shrugged off her blazer and draped it over Mrs. Iverson's thin shoulders.
"Come, Bella. I have something for you."
With a fervent gaze, Mrs. Iverson grasped Bella's delicate wrist and, without another word, slipped a jade bracelet over her fingers.
"Mrs. Iverson, this is too much!"
The cold sensation on her slender wrist made Bella uncomfortable all over, and she immediately tried to remove the bracelet. However, Mrs. Iverson held her hand tightly.
"Bella, my Chris loves you very much. I like you a lot, too. I don't have anything fancy to give you. But if you don't mind, please accept this. If you do mind, then I have nothing else to say."
Bella looked troubled. "Mrs. Iverson, I..."
"Today, I specifically asked Chris to find someone to help me dress up nicely because I wanted to make sure I didn't look too haggard and disheveled when I meet my future daughter-in-law." Mrs. Iverson's lips trembled. Her eyes were filled with the joy and excitement of meeting her new daughter-in-law.
It had been many years since she had smiled like this from the heart.
It might also be the last time she would smile like this in this life.
"What did you just say, Mrs. Iverson?"
Bella was startled. A chill crept up her spine and flooded her nerves. Her hand felt even colder than the jade. "Future daughter-in-law? What do you mean by that?"
"Chris said he's already registered your marriage and that you'll be having the wedding here in Sentania soon."
Tears filled Mrs. Iverson's eyes as she looked on with deep excitement and wistful longing. "Bella... Do you know how happy I am? I thought I would never see my son get married in my lifetime. I never imagined my wish would come true. On top of that, you'll be Chris' bride!"
As she spoke, she began to cry uncontrollably, tears streaming down her face. "Bella... I've had a hard life. I lived everyday like a walking corpse. Every day when I open my eyes... All I think about is how to leave this world. But... I can't bear to leave Chris. He is so kind, gentle, and filial... He is my only son. He's my only hope! His father disowned him, and his siblings bullied him. If I were to leave, Chris would have no family left in this world..."
Mrs. Iverson clutched Bella's cold hand tightly, her tear-filled eyes looking mournfully at her. "But now, my worries have finally been eased because he has you! Even if I leave this world someday, Chris won't be alone or helpless with you by his side."
Bella was utterly stunned. Her mind suddenly went blank.
"Bella... Please promise me to stay with Chris. Okay?" Mrs. Iverson pleaded with a tone that could not be more humble. She was practically begging Bella.
"I'm sorry, Mrs. Iverson,"
Bella steadied her tumultuous emotions and slowly, yet firmly, withdrew her hand from Mrs. Iverson's frail grasp. "I do not love your son. I could never be with him. Besides, I already have a husband. We are deeply in love with each other. Nothing will separate us until death do us part."
###chapter2178
Chapter 2178
The swan's white wings fluttered, creating ripples across the mirror-like lake surface.
Mrs. Iverson's emaciated face froze. Her eyes were red and swollen, staring intensely at Bella's firm expression.
"You... You're already married? You have a husband? When did this happen? How is this possible?!"
"Mrs. Iverson, I have no reason to lie to you. It's true."
Bella's voice was gentle, but her stance was unyielding. "My husband and I have known each other for over a decade. I've loved him since I was a child. I've always dreamed of becoming his wife. We've gone through many hardships together, and now we're finally together. I've achieved my heart's desire. So, I will never love another man for the rest of my life. I'm sorry to disappoint you."
"This can't be... It's impossible!" Mrs. Iverson's emotions were on the verge of breakdown as she gripped Bella's fair and delicate hand tightly. "You grew up with my Chris. You've always been so good to him, and he's completely devoted to you. He's vowed to marry no one but you! Chris has told me so much about what happened between you two. He never once mentioned... that you were already married!"
The more Bella listened, the colder she felt inside. Her heart pounded like a drum.
Christopher had been weaving an elaborate fantasy for his mother all this time.
If he were merely trying to appease her, a small white lie would suffice. Especially given her Alzheimer's frequently caused confusion, to the point where she sometimes failed to recognize her own son. Why go to such lengths to fabricate such a grand illusion?
Christopher was cruel and cunning. There was always a calculated purpose behind his actions.
So, what was his real intent?
"Bella... My son has his eyes and heart only for you. He's been so good to you... How could you do this to him?!" Mrs. Iverson's eyes were bloodshot, her body shaking violently. "What does Chris mean to you?! No, you can't be with someone else... You're my daughter-in-law. You belong with Chris! You can't be with another man!"
People who were terminally ill could sometimes be stubborn, emotionally unstable, and unreasonable, losing control at any moment.
Despite this, Bella would not betray her own principles by indulging in Christopher's lies just to soothe her emotions.
She could not do it even for the sake of a well-intentioned lie.
Her mouth, body, and heart could never betray Justin.
"I'm sorry, Mrs. Iverson. No matter what you say, I will never choose to be with Christopher. Not only because I have never had feelings for him, but also because we are like night and day. We belong to two different worlds."
Bella's eyes burned with intensity, revealing a coldness that seemed almost unfeeling. "Your son has harmed my loved ones and my partner."
Mrs. Iverson's entire being seemed to shatter, making her look like she had turned to stone.
"He has done many things I cannot tolerate or forgive. What I find even harder to accept is that every time he hurt those around me, it was under the guise of loving me."
Images of those Christopher had harmed flashed through Bella's mind. Her chest heaved with pain as she clenched her fists tightly. "How could I ever be with such a man? I was born in the light, and I refuse to fall into darkness. Mrs. Iverson, if you truly care for me and want what is best for your son, please persuade him to turn himself in. He should not continue to plunge deeper into the abyss of crime. The only thing awaiting him at the end of this path is destruction."
"No... Chris is filial and kind... He's not what you say... He's not!" Mrs. Iverson screamed with reddened eyes, her voice sharp and piercing.
Her face contorted with collapse, despair, rage, and sadness, making even Bella, who had witnessed many trials, feel a shiver of fear.
Suddenly, the woman in the wheelchair began to convulse violently as if she were choking, her parched mouth opening wide in distress.
"Mrs. Iverson!"
Bella's face went pale with shock as she rushed forward, trying to stabilize Mrs. Iverson's trembling body. "Mrs. Iverson... What's going on? Are you unwell?!"
###chapter2179
Chapter 2179
"Mmm... Mmm!" Mrs. Iverson's eyes rolled back, her fingers stretched wide, and she started frothing at the mouth.
Bella froze, her breath hitching in her throat. It looked like a seizure, or maybe a stroke.
At this moment, overwhelming guilt surged through her.
Her harsh words clearly shocked Mrs. Iverson so much that she collapsed.
If Mrs. Iverson suffered any harm because of her, Bella would feel overwhelmed with guilt and regret, unable to find any peace.
Bella quickly called for the staff.
However, the doctors at the nursing home's clinic were not professional enough to handle this kind of emergency. They would have to call an ambulance.
"Oh my god... What are we going to do?!" Watching Mrs. Iverson in pain, the caretaker was on the verge of tears. "Even if we call an ambulance, the nursing home is so far from the hospital. How can we possibly get there in time?"
"We can call for a helicopter rescue!"
Bella's forehead broke out in a fine sweat as she made the quick decision. "That way, we can drastically cut down on travel time!"
The caretaker immediately ordered a helicopter rescue. Bella and the caretaker worked together to lift Mrs. Iverson's stiff body from the wheelchair and lay her down on the grass.
She opened Mrs. Iverson's eyelids and did a quick assessment.
Her heart pounded harder, and doubt gnawed at her.
Mrs. Iverson definitely seemed to be suffering from a sudden illness. However, her tongue was turning a purplish blue, and faint rashes were appearing on her arms.
Bella was full of suspicion. But without any medical equipment, there was not much she could do. All she could do was try to ease Mrs. Iverson's suffering as best she could.
Fifteen minutes later, a helicopter descended rapidly into the nursing home's back garden. Its blades whipped up fierce winds that sent the swans on the lake scattering in alarm.
"Mrs. Iverson! Please hang in there! Hang in there!"
Anxiety consumed Bella's entire being. Her heart burned with worry as she helped the medical staff lift Mrs. Iverson onto a stretcher and into the helicopter.
"Ah..." Mrs. Iverson clung to Bella's hand like it was her lifeline.
Tears streamed down her face. She wanted to say something, but no words came out.
"Don't worry. I'm here with you! I'm right here!"
Bella felt extremely guilty. Seeing Mrs. Iverson in such pain was torture for her, too.
She followed the medical team and climbed into the helicopter.
Just as the helicopter lifted off the ground, she suddenly heard a soft, eerie voice whisper her name right next to her ear.
"Bella."
Every organ in Bella's body seemed to tighten all at once.
She whipped her head around, locking eyes with a pair of crescent-shaped, bottomless eyes, as dark as an abyss,
The next second, she felt a sharp, cold pain in her neck.
Her vision blurred, and she lost consciousness, falling limp into the man's arms.
###chapter2180
Chapter 2180
The rooftop was cold.
Trembling with fear and overwhelmed by the immense pressure and terror, Taylor shook like a leaf as he held the gun.
He had not released the safety, worried that he might misfire the gun by accident.
Even now, with no other way to escape, he had never intended to take Yvonne's life. Even if there was only a slim chance, he still wanted to take Yvonne with him.
Taylor knew that everyone looked out for themselves in times of great danger.
Christopher had long ceased to care about him and would probably betray him when the time came. Taylor was prepared for this. He was confident that his intelligence and cunning traits would be enough to help him escape and disappear.
He had ended up here solely for Yvonne.
Taylor wanted to give the woman he loved a wedding and a beautiful beginning. He believed that even a rat from the gutter could also long for a moment in the sunlight.
He wanted Yvonne to live. He needed her to live. Otherwise, everything he had sacrificed until now would be meaningless.
Suddenly, Yvonne burst into laughter, her eyes bloodshot and wild.
Taylor's voice shook. "Yvonne, what are you laughing at?"
"I'm laughing at you. You think you're so clever, coming up with plans for Christopher. But you're just a fool driven by lust. You're too stupid to realize I was using you all along. I hate you, Taylor. I hate you so much. You think you saved me? Do you think I agreed to marry you because I have feelings for you or because I'm grateful? No... I only wanted to drag you and Christopher down to hell. Every moment with you felt like a thousand ants gnawing at my heart. It was utterly painful and disgusting!"
Taylor felt his blood freeze before rushing to his head and pounding in his skull.
"N-No. That can't be... How could this be?"
He knew Yvonne did not love him. He knew she was not even close to liking him. But if she was willing to marry and leave with him, she should not have hated him this much...
"Remember that video of Owen murdering someone? Oscar spent over two months following him, hiding in the shadows to capture it. Oscar was not only my comrade, he was also my only hope for survival in Pivotage. He was my only friend."
As Yvonne thought about Oscar's tragic death in the basement and his silent, unspoken last words, her eyes welled up with tears again. Her chest was burning with anger. "Oscar sacrificed his life for that evidence. In his final moments, he sent it to me through Morse code. He told me that he hid the evidence under the chassis of my red sports car in the garage. So that day, I tricked you into coming with me... It wasn't for some bullshit birthday gift for Christopher. It was to get the evidence of Owen's crimes!"
Drew stood just a few steps away, his gaze intensely fixed on Yvonne.
His heart pounded fiercely. It took everything in him to hold back his tears.
At that moment, he suddenly realized that his so-called love was an illusion. It was nothing more than a fleeting fantasy.
It was so shallow, so pale, so laughable...
The girl he loved had been enduring hell on earth every day. She sacrificed herself over and over, bore humiliation, and fought against these demons with all her wits.
Yet he, despite seemingly being able to do anything, could not save his beloved from her torment. He could not even pull her out of the abyss.
He was useless. Utterly useless!
"I've never thought of being with you." Yvonne's eyes gleamed with crimson hatred. Her words cut into Taylor's heart like a knife. "I came to Sentania with you and married you, only to gain your trust, so that you'll completely drop your guard around me. You hid all the evidence of Christopher's heinous crimes in that cross around your neck. It's all concealed right next to your heart. That night, when I seduced you and invited you to share a bed with me, it was only to steal the evidence you were hiding."
"Yvonne... You... You're so heartless!" Taylor's temples throbbed with rage, veins bulging like venomous snakes. The lighthouse of hope and faith he had desperately built in his heart crumbled immediately, collapsing with a thunderous crash.
"Yvonne ... Yvonne..." Drew completely lost control. His tears poured down like rain, blurring his vision. Only those who knew him well understood that his tears were like rare pearls from the ocean.
In thirty years of his life, only this woman before him, battered and bruised, scorned by the world, had ever gotten both his tears and his heart.
"Taylor, you are no different from Christopher to me. You're just as evil. Your hands are just as bloody to me. Yet, you still delude yourself into thinking I might have any feelings for you. Isn't that funny?"
Yvonne laughed loudly, her clear laughter echoing to the sky.
She was so determined, burning all bridges behind her, because she had long since lost the will to live.
Even though she knew Drew was waiting for her, she no longer wanted to live.
He deserved someone better. She could not bear to see herself wasting more of his time.
She was merely a flower of evil, cultivated in the soil of darkness. Now that she was separated from her greenhouse of sin, her only wish was to drag Taylor down to hell with her before she withered away! "Yvonne... I treated you so well... How dare you betray me? You deceived me from the very beginning!"
###chapter2181
At this moment, Taylor's face twisted into a grotesque mask, like a vengeful ghost from the depths of hell.
Taylor laughed and cried hysterically, "Okay, if that's how it's going to be, then nobody gets to live! You just did all this to be with Drew, to have a wild, passionate romance. Heh, well, don't think for a second that you're actually going to get what you want!"
Taylor grabbed Yvonne's neck and forced her toward the rooftop's edge. His cold and moist lips touched her pale cheek, mixing with her tears. "Yvonne, if we can't be together in this life, then let's die and get married in the next life."
In the blink of an eye, Yvonne's heart raced, and her body felt weightless as she tumbled backward into the abyss.
"Yvonne!" Drew cried out in anguish as he desperately rushed to Yvonne's rescue, his tall, slender frame darting forward with the speed of a lightning bolt.
Meanwhile, up on the church rooftop...
Whoosh-!
A piercing beam of cold light flashed, followed by a sharp sound hurtling from a distance of around a hundred meters.
Just as the malicious Taylor was about to drag Yvonne off the rooftop, she heard a sharp cracking sound above her, like an eggshell smashing against a rock.
Yvonne's breathing hitched, and her heart raced with terror. Time seemed to stand still. Drew's eyes went wide with shock-
A bullet had blasted straight through Taylor's forehead, leaving behind a grisly, gaping wound.
Taylor stared at Yvonne with a blank, horrified expression, his mouth hanging open in agony, before tumbling backward.
Yvonne closed her eyes in fear, expecting the worst. But to her surprise, she found herself engulfed in a fierce, tender embrace.
As Taylor plummeted from the rooftop, Drew quickly grabbed Yvonne and wrapped her in his embrace. His large frame hunched over, enveloping her entirely, as if he wished to meld her into his very being.
"Yvonne, it's all over now; it's over," Drew murmured shakily, though his entire body was shaking with fear.
Tears streamed down his face uncontrollably. His heart raced, and his breathing was labored. His heart was a mess of emotions, yet the hug he gave her was firm and steady.
Yvonne, still in her white wedding dress, collapsed in Drew's arms, longing to return the embrace, but her limbs felt heavy as lead. She couldn't lift them.
Chapter 2181 1
"Our brother-in-law saved the day
l.n
with his sharpshooting skills. It would have been worse if he hadn't stepped in to help out." Asher glanced toward the church on the opposite side, feeling relieved. "We really can't compare to him."
Taylor, who had fallen from the rooftop, died with a terrified expression on his face.
The cops covered his body with a sheet and brought it to the station for further examination.
Justin, stationed on the church rooftop, had successfully completed his mission. He calmly packed up his rifle, his gaze unwavering and tranquil. Without a word, he discreetly left the scene, vanishing like a gentle breeze or passing clouds. Yet his silent, resolute actions had made a lasting impression.
Overwhelmed by the intense shock Yvonne's body showed physical Sof distress. In the ame she was tightly embraced by Drew, wrapped securely in his arms.
His teary eyes were red and swollen with labored breath, yet he remained motionless like a statue, holding her as if she were the most precious thing in the world.
Their hearts raced and pounded in sync, as if composing the melody of a love destined for a lifetime.
After a while, Yvonne slowly lifted her pale face and asked softly, “Are... Are you okay?"
Drew lowered his head, gazing into her clear, dark eyes. He opened his mouth to speak, but no sound came out.
He hugged her, like an old man nearing the end of his days, and slowly raised his hand.
First, he pointed to his chest with his left hand, then gave a thumbs-up. His right hand gently cupped his thumb. Finally, his trembling finger pointed at her heart.
Yvonne felt warmth flood her chest. A soft smile appeared on her lips as she gently stroked his rough hand with her delicate fingers, tears glistening in her eyes.
"I love you too."
###chapter2182
 
The storm had finally passed, and everything was finally coming to an end.
Taylor, one of Christopher's most trusted henchmen, was shot dead on the spot. His death marked the downfall of Christopher's once-unstoppable criminal empire, which had terrorized the city for nearly a decade.
Now, the only thing left was to capture the devil's incarnate, Christopher, and deliver the final blow!
Drew accompanied Yvonne to the hospital while the police cleared the crime scene and held back the swarm of reporters outside.
Justin came out of the church and met up with Ralph and Asher.
"Justin, we owe this one to you. You really saved the day!" Ralph rushed over and gave Justin a big bear hug.
"Justin, we really appreciate all your hard work," Asher added, giving him a smile full of admiration and gratitude.
"I didn't do much. If Drew hadn't acted so quickly to grab Yvonne, she could have fallen to her death," Justin said, wiping his brow with a cool, composed motion. But inside, his heart was racing with a wave of intense emotions.
After living a peaceful life for years, the moment he pulled the trigger, he was flooded with the same adrenaline he felt when he fought terrorists on the battlefields of Kridor.
In his mind, he saw the figure of the comrade who had once stood by his side, through the best and worst of times.
Somehow, that memory had rekindled his inner fire, helping him make that accurate and steady shot.
"Don't worry, brother," Ralph chuckled, giving Justin a friendly pat on the back. "Once we're back, the rest of us brothers will make sure to constantly rave about your heroics to Bella. We'll make sure she dreams of your heroic act!"
Asher couldn't help but feel both entertained and frustrated. The Thompson men were a force to be reckoned with when they meant business, but they could be relentless when they started teasing.
"Ralph, there's no need for that. I really didn't do anything special," Justin replied with a humble smile, though the excitement in his eyes was unmistakable. 
He couldn't wait to rush back and share every thrilling moment with Bella.
"Alright, let's hurry back to the Presidential House. Camilla and Bella must be worried sick by now," Asher urged with a smile.
"I'll call Bella to let her know we're safe." Justin eagerly pulled out his phone and dialed Bella's number, his face softening with excitement.
"Sorry, the number you've dialed is currently unavailable." The cold, mechanical voice caught him off guard, ringing in his ears.
Justin froze, his brows furrowing deeply. He tried again, but her phone was still off.
A strange sensation began to
spread through his chest-a tightness in his breathing and a sharp ache in his heart. It rippled through his body, coursing through
his organs and veins, Care
nerve. His hand trembled
uncontrollably as he held the phone. 
"Justin, what's wrong?" Asher noticed his change in expression and asked with concern.
"Ash... Bella's phone is off," Justin replied, his voice hoarse and his heart racing.
“Turned off?” Ralph blinked. “Maybe her phone ran out of battery?"
Chapter 2182 3
Asher and Ralph exchanged worried glances, their hearts tightening with concern.
"I have a bad feeling about this. I need to get back to the Presidential House right now!" Justin's voice trembled, his eyes reddening with urgency.
“Justin, don't panic. We'll head back right now. I'll call Camilla to check on Bella," Asher said, trying to calm him down.
###chapter2183
Asher squeezed Justin's shoulder reassuringly. "The Presidential House and the Royal Palace are the safest places in Sentania. Bella's with Camilla. If anything had happened to her, Camilla would've called by now. Try not to worry too much."
Despite his reassuring words, it weighed heavily on him. As Bella's eldest brother, the dull ache in Asher's heart only grew stronger.
Upon hearing this, Ralph quickly dialed their sister's number.
Moments later, his eyes widened in alarm. "Something's off-Camilla is not answering!"
The three men's expressions immediately darkened.
Justin and the others rushed back to the Presidential House as fast as they could.
The moment they entered the courtyard, they noticed something was wrong. The security guards who normally stood watch at the doors were nowhere to be seen.
"Camilla!"
"Bella!"
They called out as they ran into the living room, but the scene that greeted them left the three men stunned.
Camilla was curled up on the sofa, her face buried in her hands. Her thin shoulders trembled as if she were crying.
"Camilla!" Justin's heart clenched painfully. He rushed to her side in a flash. "What happened? Where's Bella?!"
Camilla's body quivered. Slowly, she raised her tear-streaked face from her hands. Her eyes were red and swollen, and her face was deathly pale from crying.
"Bella... She..."
"What happened to Bella? Tell me!" Justin's heart pounded heavily, his voice hoarse with panic. His emotions were on edge.
He had always been like a mountain, unshakable and enduring. In the most dangerous moments, he often remained more composed than the average person.
But that was only true if Bella was not in danger. If it involved Bella, even the slightest hint of trouble would turn him into a raging storm-a force that could tear the earth and shatter the skies 
"Justin! Don't do this. Stay calm!" Asher, despite being worried,
stepped forward and grasped Justin's trembling shoulders. "The most important thing right now is to figure out what happened and where Bella went!" 
Ralph's face turned pale in panic, and his voice quivered, “Camilla! Stop crying and tell us. Where's Bella?!"
Just then, the sound of rushing footsteps reached their ears.
"Camilla!" Edward burst in, his secretary and the head of security close behind. He was so anxious that he was drenched in sweat. "You said Bella is missing? When did this happen? How is that possible?!"
Finally, with tears streaming down her face, Camilla looked up at the men who were on the verge of losing control.
“Justin..... I'm sorry... I didn't protect Bella... She left the house on her own... I've already activated the Sky Eye system to track her, but so far, there's still no sign of her.
"She left the house?!" Edward and the Thompson brothers were shocked!
Justin felt his heart sink, the world spinning around him. The old injury on his head throbbed with intense pain, and he nearly lost his balance.
###chapter2184
Chapter 2184
The air in the living room was overwhelmingly tense and cold.
"Justin! Calm down!" Asher, as the eldest brother, forced himself to stay composed. Even though he was terrified that his sister had gone missing, he took a deep breath and stepped forward to support Justin, steadying him. "Don't lose control! None of us can afford to mess up now. Right now, the most important thing is to figure out where Bella went and find her as soon as possible!"
"Justin, Ash is right!" Ralph, though his own heart was aching, tried to offer reassurance. "Don't worry, we're all in this together..."
"All of you have your loved ones with you; they're safe... But my Bella is missing!" Justin's eyes were red with fear, his muscles tense and quivering as he lost control and shouted, "Bella is everything to me, my whole world! If anything happens to her... If anything happens..."
Before he could finish, a searing pain ripped through his head, as if it were shattering to pieces.
The world around him grew dim, and his once sturdy and unyielding frame seemed to crumble with the lightest touch.
'Justin... Justin!'
'Help me... someone help me!'
In his mind, Bella's helpless cries echoed. She stood in the cold darkness, weeping and reaching out to him. "Bella..." Justin's hand trembled as he reached for her, his body racked with agonizing pain.
Just as he was about to take her hand, Bella was suddenly pulled into a dark, endless void, vanishing from his sight.
"Bella! Bella!" Justin cried out in anguish, his vision blurry as he screamed in desperation.
They had weathered countless hardships and trials together. Yet Justin had never lost his composure like this before.
Deep down, he and Bella were bound by an inextricable fate. But this time, he had a strong, ominous feeling that he was about to lose Bella forever.
Camilla had never witnessed Justin in such a state. He was frozen in fear, his hair disheveled, his face as pale as a sheet, doing nothing but sobbing. Not only Camilla, but everyone in the Thompson family had never seen Justin so utterly shaken.
Asher knew that Justin had previously undergone surgery for his head, with Bella herself as the surgeon.
Justin had not had an episode in a long time, but clearly, the emotional trauma he just suffered had triggered the return of his condition.
The Thompson brothers laid the unconscious Justin down on the sofa. Edward immediately called for the family doctor to attend to his brother-in-law.
The doctor examined Justin, his expression serious. "Mr. President, it seems that Mr. Salvador has gone into a state of shock due to intense emotional distress. However, I advise taking him to the hospital for further assessment. Given his previous head surgery, this is a serious matter that cannot be ignored." "Camilla, stop crying... Please stop crying." Edward held his wife tightly in his arms, gently patting her back as he patiently asked, "Tell me what happened in detail. Only then can we find Bella."
"Bella... She..." Camilla's sobs made it hard for her to speak, but she managed to explain everything in
broken fragments.
Asher and Ralph did not blame their sister. After all, Camilla was already on the brink of a breakdown, consumed by guilt and self-blame.
Plus, Bella had left the house on her own, even intentionally sending Camilla away and deceiving the guards on duty.
Bella was clever-if she truly wanted to leave, no one could keep her confined.
"The Sky Eye system tracked Bella's car, but it lost the signal near the eastern outskirts of the western suburbs..." Camilla was so distraught that she could barely finish her sentence.
"Camilla, why didn't you contact me sooner?!" Edward's voice was hoarse with anxiety.
"You... You were attending an important event. Justin and Ash were on a critical mission to eliminate the criminals and rescue the hostages." Camilla hung her head in guilt once again. "I didn't want to disturb any of you. I thought with the Sky Eye system, I would surely be able to find her, but... But..."
A heavy silence fell over the room.
"Why... Why would Bella leave the house on her own?" Justin had regained some clarity and calmed down a bit. His lips moved with difficulty, his face pale.
"I don't know... Oh, wait!" Camilla suddenly straightened up from her husband's embrace, wiping her tears vigorously. "When I took Bella to the flower garden to pick flowers, she received a phone call! She turned her back to me and talked to someone for quite a while. I thought it was strange and asked her about it, but... She just smiled at me and reassured me that everything was fine. Now that I think about it... I was too slow, too oblivious!"
A phone call?
All four men were stunned.
Justin felt a chill run down his spine.
###chapter2185
Chapter 2185
"It seems that Bella's disappearance was because of that phone call." Ralph's instincts as a detective kicked in as he furrowed his brow to analyze the situation. "But what's strange is that Bella is not the type to act impulsively or recklessly. Even if she left the house and encountered an unexpected situation, she would at least try to find a solution with Camilla. So whoever was on the other end of that call must have somehow manipulated her. They must have offered Bella something she couldn't refuse, forcing her to make this desperate decision."
"Strange," Asher said, becoming more anxious the more he thought about it. "Christopher and his
associates are all in Sentania, and all the dangerous people are here. We were on a mission at the church, Camilla was at home, and Edward attended his event safely. What could possibly lure Bella away, risking such danger, besides concerns for her family?"
"It's... Christopher!" Justin's face turned ashen as he spoke without hesitation. "Right now, Taylor is dead, and Yvonne has been successfully rescued by Drew. Christopher has no leverage left. His only option would be to come after Bella, find a way to take her, and control her. After all, Bella is the one person he desires most. If he's fleeing for his life, he would give up everything, but he wouldn't leave without Bella!"
After Justin spoke, he closed his eyes and winced, struggling to take a deep breath but unable to shake the heartache and pounding in his head.
The others exchanged worried looks. Justin's reasoning made perfect sense, but none of them wanted his words to be true.
At that moment, Edward's secretary burst into the room, drenched in sweat. "Mr. President! Something terrible has happened!"
Edward tightened his grip around Camilla's trembling waist and asked in a deep voice, "What's the matter?"
The secretary spoke nervously, "Earlier today, four hidden bombs exploded at the new museum you attended. The whole place was completely destroyed, with the damage estimated to be in the billions!"
Everyone was shocked. "What?! Bombs?!"
Not just one, but four bombs!
Camilla, already on the verge of collapse, went completely limp in Edward's arms. She clutched his shirt, trembling with fear. "Edward... You were just at that event today. If you had stayed even a moment longer... Just one moment... I would have lost you forever!"
"It's terrifying..." Ralph said, his hand pressed to his chest. "Edward, you're so lucky. You got out of there just in time before the museum exploded. Even the heavens are on your side!"
But Edward was far from thinking about his luck. He quickly asked the secretary, "Were there any casualties?"
"Yes... Five security guards were killed in the explosion. Fortunately, you weren't there, and the bombs went off after the museum had closed, so there weren't more casualties. I suspect the terrorists' main goal was to destroy Sentania's iconic building, not to target you specifically..."
"No! They were definitely targeting the President!" Justin suddenly sat up straight on the sofa, veins bulging at his temples. "I understand now... I know how Christopher lured Bella away! He planted the bombs at the event venue in advance and called Bella, telling her that if she didn't meet him, he would detonate them, killing her brother-in-law in a sea of fire, taking more lives, and leaving Camilla in eternal grief!"
Everyone's hearts sank as if a massive weight had been dropped onto them.
"Bella... Did Bella do this to save me?" Edward's heart ached as he pounded his chest in regret and self- blame. "I was careless! Christopher tricked me, and that's how he found an opportunity!"
Camilla was in tears. "Bella... My Bella! It's all my fault!"
"Western suburbs..." Justin's eyes were bloodshot as he clenched his fists. He etched this location deep into his mind. "We'll start a full-scale search from there. I won't eat, drink, or sleep until I find my Bella!"
Off the coast of Sentania, dozens of islands of various sizes dotted the sea. Among them was one island, the furthest from the mainland, often referred to as the "Emerald Island".
It was like a lush green jewel lying on the shimmering blue surface of the ocean, like something out of a dream-mysterious and romantic.
This island had been anonymously purchased by Christopher last year. It was now his private property, renamed "Rose Island".
Originally, it was a gift he had prepared for Bella.
But now, this place had become a prison where he would hold the woman he loved most captive.
Even so, Christopher felt satisfied. In his mind, he had simply given her this gift in a more passionate and intense way.
As night fell, stars twinkled over the endless sea.
The room was large and lavishly decorated, with a large bed draped in soft, silky sheets. Bella was curled
up on the bed, her dark hair spread out across the pillow as she slept soundly.
Sitting beside her, Christopher looked at Bella with deep, affectionate feelings. His trembling fingers could not help but gently run through her soft hair, caressing it lovingly.
With his heart racing, he gently leaned down and placed a kiss on her forehead.
As his cold, quivering lips brushed her skin, tears fell from his eyes, trailing down his pale, refined face. He could taste the saltiness and bitterness on his tongue, but to him, this was the taste of joy.
He had lost everything, but he had gained her.
Being by the side of the woman he loved most was worth every sacrifice, even if it meant setting the whole world on fire.
Christopher silently watched Bella's sleeping face for a long, long time. Then he picked up his phone and dialed a familiar number.
It only rang a few times before the call was answered.
Faint sounds of flowing music could be heard from the other side, but the person did not speak.
"Sir." In the end, Christopher broke the silence first.
###chapter2186
Chapter 2186
There was an unsettling silence on the other end of the line. Christopher's forehead was damp with sweat, his heart pounding heavily as he waited anxiously.
"Congratulations, Mr. Iverson, for finally winning the heart of the woman you longed for." Grant's unmistakable voice echoed through the line, his tone smooth, with a low chuckle.
"All of this is thanks to your guidance, sir. Without your help, I wouldn't have been able to bring Bella to my side so easily." Christopher's eyes were filled with excitement, though his voice was dry and full of guilt. "However, I'm afraid I can never return to Savrow. I'm sorry, sir... I couldn't clear the path for you and eliminate the enemies. Even the new drug experiments had to be halted. I truly deserve to die."
"You sure do," Grant's voice suddenly deepened.
It was as if Grant had choked Christopher by the throat, a suffocating pressure overwhelming him as cold sweat broke out across his back.
"However, this time, you've won the affection of Ms. Thompson. You've stolen my younger brother's lover, which is as good as taking his life."
Grant then laughed heartily, "I'll consider your debt paid."
"Thank you... Thank you, sir, for your forgiveness. Thank you for bringing us together!" Christopher's tense body instantly relaxed, and a bead of sweat rolled down his pale check.
"For Ms. Thompson, you were even willing to use your own mother as a pawn, to watch her die tragically right before your eyes."
Grant's laughter grew, but it was unclear whether he was genuinely admiring Christopher or mocking him. "Honestly, when it comes to ruthlessness, I do have to admire you."
Christopher's heart ached painfully, and his vision blurred with tears as he looked at the beautiful woman before him.
The immense agony of losing his only family crashed down on him like a collapsed mountain, leaving him shattered and in excruciating pain.
At this point, he could hardly be considered human anymore.
He was nothing more than a bloodthirsty beast, driven mad by love.
"Since you could drug your own mother, it shouldn't be difficult for you to give some to Ms. Thompson." Grant's words struck Christopher like a knife to the heart.
His pupils contracted violently.
Those words felt like a cruel, heartbreaking punishment to him.
"Now, go to the living room and take a look. There's a box on the coffee table. It's a gift from me to you." Grant's voice was both enticing and teasing. "A wedding gift."
The sarcasm in his voice as he said "wedding gift" drained any sense of joy or blessing for Christopher. "Yes, sir." Christopher stiffly stood up and left the room, heading to the living room.
On the living room table sat a beautiful redwood box, and his heart sank. The box hadn't been there earlier in the afternoon.
Could it be that Grant had people watching even on Rose Island? The thought sent a shiver down Christopher's spine.
Step by step, Christopher approached the coffee table and, with a single hand, lifted the lid of the box. Inside were three pills-one white, one gray, and one black.
A faint, strange fragrance wafted from the box.
Christopher was stunned. He picked up the black pill between his fingers and examined it under the light." Sir, this pill is..."
"Ms. Thompson and my younger brother share a love as deep as the mountains and seas-no force on earth could tear them apart," Grant said as he smiled. "Ms. Thompson is like a bird soaring in the sky. Do you think your Rose Island can imprison her forever?"
Christopher pressed his pale lips tightly together.
"Even if you could, with her strong and unyielding nature, would she ever willingly stay with you? Even if you possess her body, you will never truly possess her heart. There's a chance you could lose her forever."
Christopher was shocked and closed his eyes tightly.
He had already considered the possibility that when Bella woke up, she might threaten to end her life. He feared that the rose he had fought so hard to win would wither and die right before him.
That would be worse than killing him.
"What will happen to Bella if she takes this pill?" Christopher's voice quivered, "Will she become a vegetable, or will she lose her memory completely?"
"She won't become a vegetable, nor will she lose her memory entirely. But she will experience immense physical pain for a period of time." Grant laughed again, as if discussing something amusing. "However, I can guarantee that if she survives the pain, you'll have a fresh start with her. Do you want to give it a try?"
###chapter2187
Chapter 2187
Bella had been missing for 15 hours since she left the Presidential House.
Edward used the full extent of his authority and launched a comprehensive investigation.
Working together with Justin and the Thompson brothers, they hurried over to the Rose Nursing Home, where Bella had reportedly been spotted just before midnight.
The quiet and eerie atmosphere of the nursing home was abruptly shattered by their arrival.
Given Edward's high-ranking position, Asher firmly held Camilla back from joining them despite her insistence.
Meanwhile, Drew, who had endured countless struggles to finally reunite with his love, was currently in the hospital by Yvonne's side. The Thompson brothers decided to keep him in the dark, not wanting to rob him of the happiness he had fought so hard to attain.
The captains of the guard and the police force led their men, sealing off the entire nursing home like an impenetrable fortress-nothing could get in or out.
The on-duty security guard and the director of the nursing home were alarmed by the commotion and rushed over. When they saw the situation, they were all scared stiff, completely stunned.
Ralph had already checked the entrance surveillance video using his technical skills.
When they saw Bella's slender figure walking through the door, everyone's heart clenched tightly. "Bella!" Justin's bloodshot eyes widened as he shouted out in an uncontrollable panic. It was as if the person in the video could hear his desperate call.
"Where is the nurse who attended to this young lady? Go find him right away!" Ralph demanded, his sharp gaze burning into the director.
The veteran detective's intimidating presence was not to be taken lightly.
In just five minutes, the nurse who had attended to Bella came forward, lowering his head in front of everyone.
Ralph's sharp eyes studied the nurse intently, growing increasingly suspicious.
Over the years, he had dealt with countless criminals and could quickly assess whether someone was guilty just by looking at them. Yet this man seemed nothing more than a timid, ordinary nurse-his thoughts were written all over his face, not the type to wield a knife.
"Why is it such a coincidence that you were the one greeting my wife? There are so many nurses here- why was it you?" Justin felt his temples pulsating as he grabbed the male nurse by the collar, lifting him off the ground with one hand. "Speak! Are you working for Christopher? Are you helping him with his plan? Where did you take my wife? Speak up!"
His desperate roar echoed through the stifling air of the hall, tearing through the starless night sky. "I... I didn't... I didn't do anything!" His legs flailed as he stared in terror at the handsome but nearly deranged man before him, too stunned to speak and unable to defend himself.
The police captain angrily said, "Take him back! Interrogate him thoroughly. I don't believe he won't crack!"
"Yes, Captain Ralph!"
Just as two officers were about to move, the director of the nursing home hurriedly stepped forward and
said, "This is a misunderstanding! It must be a huge misunderstanding! Mr. Christopher is a philanthropist who owns this sanatorium!"
"Philanthropist?" Ralph laughed coldly, "He's nothing but a hypocritical capitalist, a vile, heartless
beast!"
"No, that's not true at all!"
###chapter2188
 
The security guard anxiously chimed in. "Mr. Iverson not only bought this nursing home when it was on the brink of closure, but he also invested a substantial amount to rebuild it, providing shelter for many elderly people abandoned by their children. He ensured they had food, a place to stay, and even free medical treatment. He treats our staff very well too, even providing us with insurance! Mr. Iverson is nothing short of a great philanthropist a genuinely good man. How could you say he's a heartless monster? You shouldn't speak such nonsense!"
The Thompson brothers were utterly shocked.
The Christopher they described seemed like a completely different person from the evil Christopher they knew, almost as if he had a split personality. But Justin knew better than anyone that Christopher merely hid his true colors behind an image of sophistication, charm, kindness, and compassion. "What did you say to the lady who came here this afternoon?" Asher asked, his chiseled face as cold as ice.
“Earlier, Mr. Iverson came by and instructed not only me but also the other staff that if that lovely lady showed up, we should bring her to see Mr. Iverson's mother. At the time, everyone else was busy, and I just happened to see her come in. I don't know anything about any scheme. I really don't know anything!"
"Justin." Ralph leaned in close to Justin, his expression grave. "I don't think my instincts are wrong. He doesn't seem to be lying."
"Is Christopher's mother here now? Take us to see her!" Justin demanded; his eyes were red and looked intimidating.
"Mrs. Iverson has already left the nursing home."
Everyone was stunned.
Justin's voice was hoarse, burning with desperation. "Then where is my wife?!"
"After the young lady met with Mrs. Iverson, I'm not sure what they talked about, but Mrs. Iverson, whose condition had been stable, suddenly had a seizure, foaming at the mouth and convulsing all over. I ran to call for a helicopter, and the young lady was worried and insisted on staying with Mrs. Iverson. They left from the back garden of the nursing home..." 
Upon hearing this, Justin's handsome face turned ashen, as if struck by lightning, and he dashed madly toward the back garden.
The police took all involved parties back to the station, while the Thompson brothers followed him to the garden.
Even now, the garden felt oppressively cold, desolate, and stifling.
“Justin!” Asher and Ralph rushed over to him, only to find him kneeling on the ground, his damp palm grasping a brooch—a crimson diamond rose brooch that Bella frequently wore on her chest, a piece she had handcrafted herself.
They did not dare to imagine the worst, but even the mere thought felt like unbearable torture.
"Asher, Justin, I did a quick scan of
the area. I don't think that nurse was lying," Ralph Said, kneeling next to
Justin, trai
to stay cool even though he was worried. "There's no sign of a fight or anything crazy going on. Another nurse just told us they saw Bella get on the helicopter with some medical staff. It looks like she went with them willingly to go with Mrs. Iverson. Nobody forced her to do it." 
"That's exactly what makes it so suspicious."
Justin stared down at the rose brooch in his hand, the sharp edges digging into his skin and staining the crimson Jewel with his own blood "Christopher manipulated everyone here, even his own mother. She was just a pawn used to trick Bella onto that helicopter." 
"Justin is right!" Asher agreed. "The only way to get Bella to go with them willingly was to exploit her compassion and kind nature. Mrs. Iverson was just a pawn, and Christopher's real plan was to use that helicopter to kidnap Bella!"
"Oh my God! If that's the case, then Bella must have already left the borders of Sentania by now! It's been over ten hours!" Ralph's face was drenched in sweat, his heart burning with anxiety.
###chapter2189
"Edward and Camilla have already sealed off Sentania's borders. Christopher is a wanted criminal in both Sentania and Savrow. There is no way he's able to leave the borders of Sentania."
Justin kept the brooch in his pocket and forced himself to assess the situation calmly and rationally.
"He must be hiding somewhere within Sentania," Justin continued, fighting back the ache in his heart. "A man used to a life of luxury and power could never stand being a fugitive, constantly on the move with no guarantee of safety. His pride wouldn't allow it. So, he'll stay where he has resources, in a place he's most familiar with."
Ralph felt an urge to applaud him but knew it was far from the right moment. This man had been pushed to his limits, his mind under immense strain from the circumstances. Even with his sudden relapse of headaches, it did not affect his ability to think and make decisive judgments. It was extremely heartbreaking to see this sight.
"Justin's analysis is spot on, but that is also the big problem here!" Asher's face was serious and haggard as he spoke. "At the end of the day, all Christopher wants is Bella. Now that he's achieved his goal, he might resort to despicable tactics to keep her under his control, like hiding her away where no one can find them. He'll force Bella to obey him, and even if she resists with all her might, he'll have all the time he needs to make her his." "Argh...!" Justin clutched his head, the pain forcing him to his knees, his entire body trembling.
"Ash! Now is not the time to push him like this!" Ralph, heartbroken, held Justin close.
"What I'm saying is a very real possibility. I'm just trying to prepare him—and all of us-for the worst-case scenario!" Though usually gentle, Asher could be bluntly practical when it came to major issues, which could be difficult to accept.
Asher continued, "Sentania isn't a small country. Its land area is significant, with a high forest coverage rate and nearly a hundred islands of different sizes! If Christopher chose a random spot to hide, it would take us considerable time to search the entire country. By then, anything could happen- it's unavoidable! But the good news is, Bella's life isn't in danger. Christopher just wants to control her; he wouldn't ever hurt her. I'm sure of that." Justin felt his body trembling violently. "I'm worried... I'm worried Bella, with her strong-willed nature, won't submit and might...”
"She won't!" The Thompson brothers said in unison.
"Justin, we're Bella's biological
brothers. We grew up with her. She's not the kind of person who would take her own life!" Ralph's gaze was firm, without a hint of doubt. "No matter how bad things get, she'll keep fighting and never give up! Justin, we will definitely find her! But Justin, if—if Bella has been..." Asher turned away, overwhelmed by his own painful thoughts. 
"I want her," Justin said, lifting his tear-streaked pale face and
speaking word for word. "No matter
what state Bella is in, no matter
è's been through... She will
what she's
always be my wife. I will protect her until my last breath and never leave her!" 
On Rose Island, the sea breeze rippled across the water, stirring up silver waves, silent and lonely.
It was unclear how much time had passed before the effects of the anesthetic began to wear off.
Bella slowly opened her heavy
1
eyelids, gradually regaining consciousness. Yet, her body remained weak and powerless,. leaving her lying on the bed, able only to curl her fingers slightly and twitch her nose. 
"Bella, you're awake?"
The familiar, gentle voice whispered in her ear, causing her heart to skip a beat and a cold sweat to break out over her body. “Chris..." Bella tried to sit up, but no matter how much effort she put in, she couldn't manage it.
Suddenly, her petite body felt lighter-
A strong arm wrapped around her slender waist, pulling her up and pressing her against a warm, muscular chest.
###chapter2190
Christopher pulled the woman he had sacrificed everything for into his arms, holding her as if she were the most precious treasure. His sweat- drenched palm pressed against her back, and he clutched her tightly, as though he could merge her into his very soul.
"Christopher... You beast... Let me go..." Bella pleaded. Her eyes were red and filled with tears. Her voice was laced with both anger and vulnerable softness. Despite her anger, her fragile, alluring beauty only fueled Christopher's desire even further.
“Bella, you have no idea how much your current state is really turning me on right now," Christopher said, his voice quivering as he struggled to hold himself back, a bead of sweat trickling down his temple. His breath was heavy with desire, filling the air around her.
"Bastard..." Bella could do nothing but lay there, powerless in his embrace, tears streaming down her face. Once a proud and unyielding young lady, she now found herself at the mercy of the man she despised most, helpless and despairing, wishing she could simply die.
"Don't be afraid. I only injected you with heavy anesthesia. Once the effects wear off, you'll be fine-it won't harm your body," Christopher's fingers threaded through her silky black hair, caressing it with possessive tenderness. "But that's only if you behave."
"Christopher... You've finally gotten what you wanted... You animal!" Bella's body was tense, her eyes glaring at him angrily. Though she couldn't move, every inch of her body was resisting him.
"Do you think you've won? The Iverson Group has fallen, the new drug experiment is over, Taylor, Deputy Chief Owen Hopkins... All your so-called loyal followers have either been brought to justice or turned on you... You've already reached a dead end!”
Christopher's eyes remained calm, smiling as he listened to her quietly.
"Now that you've kidnapped me, you probably think you can use me as a bargaining chip to give yourself one last chance at escape." Bella's eyes were red with fury, but she suddenly laughed bitterly. "Give up on that idea. I'd rather die than become your prisoner!"
"Bella, you've misunderstood me. I never intended to hurt you. I just want to be with you." Christopher's gaze was thick with greedy desire, as if he wanted to meld her into himself.
"Besides, I know you well. You've always been as stubborn as a wild horse. The more I try to tie you
free. So, in that clever little head yours, you're not thinking of
down, the more you'll wanteau get
dying you're planning how to
escape from this island I've prepared for you or how to kill me. Remember, your family is waiting for you to come home, and there's Justin... Would you really leave them behind? If you die, they'll be devastated."
At the mention of her family-Wyatt, her brothers, Aunt Mila, and Justin-Bella's eyes turned red and welled up with tears. Her chest rose and fell as she struggled to contain her emotions.
Her heart felt tossed about like a small boat adrift in a turbulent sea, on the verge of being consumed by the crashing waves.
"Bella, I prepared Rose Island especially for you. It's my wedding gift to you," Christopher said softly.
Bella's entire body tensed and clenched her teeth. "Mad dog!"
Christopher's voice was husky and filled with lust. His cold lips brushed against her forehead, her nose, and her delicate ears. "I've filled this island with your favorite
vel.ne
roses white ones, red ones... even
cultivated black roses just for
you. I'll
carry you to see them in a moment, okay?" 
Bella used every bit of strength left in her to twist her head, resisting his increasingly erratic kisses. His touch felt like the slimy, cold skin of a snake slithering across her skin. There was no love or desire in it, only revulsion and disgust. 
"Bella, you and Justin haven't registered your marriage yet."
Bella's eyes widened, and her breathing hitched.
###chapter2191
Chapter 2191
"Justin never even proposed to you, nor did you two have a wedding. Three years ago it didn't happen, and he still hasn't done it now. He never gave you a proper diamond engagement ring either. How can he call himself your husband? Ridiculous!" Christopher remarked.
He gently took Bella's hand, kissing the back of it tenderly, then slipping a large, pear-shaped pink diamond ring onto her finger.
Bella wanted nothing more than to rip the ring off and throw it into the sea, but she was paralyzed, forced to let Christopher do as he pleased.
"Justin is too indecisive. He won your heart, yet he's a coward, always hesitating. Such a weak and cowardly man is truly unworthy of you," Christopher sneered as he held her hand, now adorned with the ring, against his chest. His eyes blazed with a desperate, obsessive fervor.
"What he can't give you, I can. We'll have a romantic wedding here on Rose Island. The animals and the birds in the sky will be our witnesses. I have a vast rose field here, and every morning, I will pick the freshest, most vibrant roses for you. Isn't this the life you always dreamed of?"
"I did dream of it, but only if I were with Justin!" Bella glared at him with intense hatred, her voice firm as she spoke. "With you, none of this means anything! Christopher, no matter how much you scheme or how many tricks you play, your heart is nothing but a barren wasteland. It is incapable of growing roses and they will never bloom!"
Christopher's smile stiffened, his pale complexion of his face growing even more eerie and cold.
But he promptly regained his composure. His long, slender fingers encircled the back of her neck. He lowered his eyelids, leaning closer as if to claim the lips he had kissed countless times in his fantasies.
"Where is Mrs. Iverson?" Bella, desperate to avoid his kiss, blurted out the question.
Christopher's heart ached, and he paused.
Bella noticed the deep sorrow that suddenly clouded his dark eyes behind the golden-rimmed glasses. Sensing something amiss, she pressed him urgently, "What happened to Mrs. Iverson?!"
Christopher's heart ached as he answered, "My mother has passed away,"
Bella's mind buzzed with shock. "When?!"
"On the day we boarded the plane to Rose Island, she sadly passed away," Christopher said, his hand growing cold. Perhaps feeling guilty, he avoided Bella's piercing gaze.
But Bella was not easily deceived. Her keen eyes noticed every subtle change in his expression.
Suddenly, she realized something, and her chest tightened as she stared at him with wide, accusing eyes. Bella exclaimed, "No... No, that's not right! Mrs. Iverson's condition didn't worsen because of my words. It was you! You did something behind the scenes!"
Christopher pretended to be shocked. "Bella, how could it have been me? You know my mother's
condition. Her health was already failing. The doctors said she wouldn't live to see the next year. At such a time, of course, I would want to be with her during her final days... How could I harm her? She was my mother, my only family!"
But the small, subtle clues instantly clicked together in Bella's mind.
"If that were true, you should have rushed her to the hospital, doing everything you could to save her. But instead, you took her straight to Rose Island, which means you never intended to save her from the
beginning!"
###chapter2192
A cold glint reflected off Christopher's glasses. As his emotional wounds were painfully laid bare, a savage, beast-like bloodlust surfaced within him. The shame, frustration, and vulnerability stirred up something within him.
"Bella... I know you hate me, but you can't accuse me like this..." His voice wavered between defensiveness and desperation.
"Accuse you? Christopher, you really are out of your mind! If you dared to do it, why can't you admit it?" Bella stared at his pale, sinister face with nothing but searing hatred.
"Mrs. Iverson's condition seemed to have gotten worse because of my words, but when she convulsed and foamed at the mouth, I knew something was wrong! You once mentioned that your mother had a weak heart, but when I checked her pupils and pulse, it wasn't consistent with a heart attack or even epilepsy! Later, her skin developed red blotches, and now, given your behavior, I have every reason to believe that she was poisoned. You must have injected her with some toxin beforehand! She was poisoned to death!" Christopher's hand, wrapped tightly around her waist, tensed further, the veins on the back of his pale hand bulging as his eyes flashed with a murderous gleam.
"Christopher... Have you not taken enough lives and caused enough damage? How could you bring yourself to hurt and kill your own mother? How could you do such a thing?" Bella spoke with disbelief and anguish.
"Bella, do you know? Your strength is in your intelligence, but your flaw is being too clever," Christopher laughed, but it was a twisted, sorrowful sound, more akin to crying, "Why did I do this... Others might not understand, but you do, don't you?"
He grabbed her chin with so much force, as if he might crush the delicate bone beneath his fingers. "I did it all for you... It's all for you!" Christopher screamed, his voice ragged and broken, as if his vocal cords had been torn.
He was vicious, ruthless, and inhumane to everyone. Yet toward Bella, he had never lost his temper, not even once since he was a child.
He had never yelled at her like this, like a madman.
Christopher's chest was a tangled mess of contradictory feelings-love and hate, resentment and rage, frustration and anguish.
These emotions had been bottled up for so long that they had festered and bred like parasites within him. By the time he wanted to turn back, it was too late. He had become a dehumanized monster, completely out of control and filled with regret.
"My mother... Even if I hadn't killed her, she wouldn't have had much time left. In the end, she would have died in extreme pain. I merely spared her the prolonged suffering." Christopher's dark eyes burned with a crazed intensity.
His tone softened as he pressed his trembling lips to Bella's ear, whispering gently, "If I hadn't done it, would you have willingly followed me onto that plane? Getting you here would've been a lot harder. I had only one chance, and I couldn't afford to fail. So, I let my mother help me. Even though she's gone, I think... She'd forgive me because she loved me. I'm her only son."
The overwhelming emotions of pain and despair were clearly felt.
Though Bella remained composed on the outside, tears slowly rolled down her cheeks. "What happened to
A cold glint reflected off Christopher's glasses. As his emotional wounds were painfully laid bare, a savage, beast-like bloodlust surfaced within him. The shame, frustration, and vulnerability stirred up something within him.
"Bella... I know you hate me, but you can't accuse me like this..." His voice wavered between defensiveness and desperation.
"Accuse you? Christopher, you really are out of your mind! If you dared to do it, why can't you admit it?" Bella stared at his pale, sinister face with nothing but searing hatred.
"Mrs. Iverson's condition seemed to have gotten worse because of my words, but when she convulsed and foamed at the mouth, I knew something was wrong! You once mentioned that your mother had a weak heart, but when I checked her pupils and pulse, it wasn't consistent with a heart attack or even epilepsy! Later, her skin developed red blotches, and now, given your behavior, I have every reason to believe that she was poisoned. You must have injected her with some toxin beforehand! She was poisoned to death!" Christopher's hand, wrapped tightly around her waist, tensed further, the veins on the back of his pale hand bulging as his eyes flashed with a murderous gleam.
"Christopher... Have you not taken enough lives and caused enough damage? How could you bring yourself to hurt and kill your own mother? How could you do such a thing?" Bella spoke with disbelief and anguish.
"Bella, do you know? Your strength is in your intelligence, but your flaw is being too clever," Christopher laughed, but it was a twisted, sorrowful sound, more akin to crying, "Why did I do this... Others might not understand, but you do, don't you?"
He grabbed her chin with so much force, as if he might crush the delicate bone beneath his fingers. "I did it all for you... It's all for you!" Christopher screamed, his voice ragged and broken, as if his vocal cords had been torn.
He was vicious, ruthless, and inhumane to everyone. Yet toward Bella, he had never lost his temper, not even once since he was a child.
He had never yelled at her like this, like a madman.
Christopher's chest was a tangled mess of contradictory feelings-love and hate, resentment and rage, frustration and anguish.
These emotions had been bottled up for so long that they had festered and bred like parasites within him. By the time he wanted to turn back, it was too late. He had become a dehumanized monster, completely out of control and filled with regret.
"My mother... Even if I hadn't killed her, she wouldn't have had much time left. In the end, she would have died in extreme pain. I merely spared her the prolonged suffering." Christopher's dark eyes burned with a crazed intensity.
His tone softened as he pressed his trembling lips to Bella's ear, whispering gently, "If I hadn't done it, would you have willingly followed me onto that plane? Getting you here would've been a lot harder. I had only one chance, and I couldn't afford to fail. So, I let my mother help me. Even though she's gone, I think... She'd forgive me because she loved me. I'm her only son."
The overwhelming emotions of pain and despair were clearly felt.
Though Bella remained composed on the outside, tears slowly rolled down her cheeks. "What happened to
###chapter2193
Chapter 2193
Despite Drew's composure, Yvonne could tell he was on the brink of falling apart. If she said one more word, even just a gentle reassurance, it would cause the emotions he was barely holding back to come crashing down all at once.
"Ash... Justin..." As soon as Drew saw his family, the usually defiant and strong man started trembling uncontrollably. Unable to hold back his emotions any longer, he finally broke down in tears.
"Drew, don't cry." Asher stepped forward to embrace his younger brother, his large hand gently patting Drew's back. "Crying won't solve anything. The most important thing right now is to rescue Bella."
"It's all my fault... It's all my damn fault!" Drew slapped himself hard. "I neglected Bella... I lost our little sister! I deserve to die!"
"Drew, it's not your fault," Justin said as he walked over with heavy steps. His eyes were red, and his usually bright eyes were now sunken from exhaustion. "If anyone is to blame, it's me. I'm Bella's husband. I promised everyone that I would protect her... But I messed everything up. I'm sorry."
He messed everything up.
He had said the same thing when he learned that Bella had lost their child. But now, the weight of those words was a thousand times heavier, weighing on him heavily.
"Bella...?!" Camilla cried out when she saw Yvonne, who looked almost identical to her sister. She ran forward and hugged Yvonne tightly.
"Camilla, this isn't Bella. She's Drew's girlfriend," Edward said, staring at Yvonne's face with astonishment, momentarily dazed. He still reached out to embrace Camilla's shoulders, gently comforting her. "We're all here. You're too tired. Let's go upstairs and rest, okay?"
Seeing that Camilla was insistent on staying, Yvonne softly said, "Camilla..."
Hearing that familiar voice, Camilla covered her mouth, crying uncontrollably.
"I will accompany you upstairs to rest, okay?" Yvonne asked, imitating Bella's tone and mannerisms. Surprisingly, it worked. Because of that face, the mentally exhausted Camilla was indeed soothed by Yvonne's presence. With Yvonne's support, they slowly headed upstairs.
The living room was left in silence.
Drew watched Yvonne's back, his tear-filled eyes blurry, his heart feeling like it was being torn apart.
Yvonne had always hated being Bella's substitute. It was a mark of shame that Christopher had forever imprinted on her body and soul.
But now she had no choice but to take on Bella's role to comfort Camilla, who was on the verge of a mental breakdown.
"Drew, we already looked into it. The helicopter that took Bella was heading toward the southern sea," Ralph said once everyone calmed down a bit. "If I were Christopher, I'd definitely take Bella away from the mainland. I wouldn't stay in the mountains, as it's hard to escape and there's a lack of supplies. But even though the helicopter was heading south, it might have changed course. Still, it's a lead. We can start searching the islands in the southern region of Sentania."
###chapter2194
Chapter 2194
"Then let's search! Search for her! Search every single one of them!" Drew wiped his tears fiercely, his eyes extremely red as if bleeding. "I'll inform Declan and have him send as many reinforcements as possible to Sentania!"
"I already informed Declan, although I really didn't want to," Asher said, barely smiling. He took a deep breath. "Right now, we need to stabilize the situation at home while also using every resource we have to search for Bella. Declan is already on his way to Sentania. He has the authority to mobilize part of his forces."
Justin stared at Asher, his dark eyes filled with anxiety and determination. "Declan holds a high position. If he takes action on his own, I fear it might draw criticism and affect his career."
"Career, status... What does any of that matter?" Drew's heart ached again, his eyes brimming with tears. "What could be more important than Bella? We'll leave tomorrow... No, we'll leave soon!"
"Drew, calm down!" Ralph stepped forward, grabbing Drew's arm. He had always known his brother was impulsive, but he didn't expect him to be this impulsive.
"It's already pitch dark outside; it will only make the search more difficult! Making a move now would be pointless! Besides, Yvonne is still here. She's still weak, and you've finally reunited with her... Even if we need to go, you should stay tonight and spend time with her."
When Yvonne was mentioned, Drew fell silent, closing his eyes in guilt and frustration.
"Tomorrow morning, we'll split into three teams and search the southern sea's islands," Justin said, his jaw tight as he turned to Edward. "Edward, I also need you to use all the resources you have to search other areas for Bella's whereabouts. It's crucial to monitor the entire airspace over Sentania to see if any suspicious planes have flown over."
"Bella... She willingly walked into Christopher's trap for me." Edward's eyes turned red with pain and guilt. "Justin, don't worry. Even if it costs me everything, I will bring Bella back to you!"
In the cold, solemn stillness of the Presidential House at dawn, Yvonne finally managed to calm Camilla.
Under the guidance of a doctor, Yvonne gave Camilla some sleeping pills. Only then did the exhausted Camilla fall into a deep sleep.
Back in her room, Yvonne buried her head under the covers, quietly sobbing.
Seeing Drew in such pain and guilt, she felt all his emotions a thousand times over.
Bella had been taken by Christopher, while she and Taylor, who were both supposed to be dead, had merely been decoys, luring everyone away so Christopher could execute his true plan.
Yvonne felt that she should be the one to bear the responsibility.
She was nothing but a cheap imitation of Bella. Because she was saved, the precious Bella was lost... Yvonne shut her eyes tightly, crying uncontrollably under the covers.
She did not know how long she had been crying when she felt the blanket being lifted, and a strong masculine scent approached. She was soon enveloped in a warm, solid embrace.
Her trembling back pressed against Drew's strong chest.
She could hear his heavy, muffled breathing and felt his arms tightening around her waist as if he were
about to break her in half.
Drew and Yvonne were both struggling to control their emotions.
Yvonne knew he needed her support, but she couldn't bring herself to face him. In the end, Drew took the initiative, gently pulling Yvonne's trembling body closer, his strong hand on her lower back.
Her soft, white nightgown stood out against his dark clothing, creating a captivating, intimate scene.
If Bella had not gone missing, Drew wouldn't have been able to restrain his burning desire in such a situation. He would have long taken the woman he had longed for, day and night.
But now, his thoughts were in chaos. His mind was filled with only one thing finding Bella. His heart was in turmoil, his thoughts jumbled. Everything was a mess.
"Why are you crying? Hmm?" Drew still forced himself to stay composed, kissing away the tears on her
cheeks.
"I'm sorry..." Yvonne buried her small face in his chest, her voice breaking.
"Don't say that. No one can blame my woman," Drew gently comforted her, his large hand caressing her neck, gently massaging it. "It was us brothers who were careless. It's our fault."
Yvonne choked up, struggling to speak. "If it weren't for me..."
"It has nothing to do with you. Don't think like that," Drew said in a deep, firm voice.
He was terrified that Yvonne would blame herself for what happened to Bella, spiraling into endless guilt and self-loathing, eventually doing something beyond his control.
Drew loved Bella, and he loved Yvonne too.
They were two different kinds of love, but both equally intense and irreplaceable.
In the quiet of the night, they embraced in silence, kissing deeply for a long time.
"Drew." Yvonne rested her head on his strong arms, her trembling fingers tracing his handsome features.
"Hmm?" Drew's voice was soft, warm, and sensual.
"When Bella is found safe and sound, I want to do something."
Although Drew wanted to say she could do anything she wanted, he was still curious and asked,
"What is it?"
"I want to have plastic surgery," Yvonne said, her swollen eyes closing slightly, tears welling at the corners. "I want to get my old face back. I want to be myself again...."
Drew felt a sharp pain in his chest, his eyes welling up with tears as he hugged her even tighter. "Alright, I'll go with you. I'll help you find the Yvonne you used to be."
###chapter2195
Bella's phone had long since disappeared, and there was no television or computer in the room. She had no idea how many days had passed since she arrived on this isolated island.
The heavy doses of anesthetics injected into her had left her awake but paralyzed from the neck down, rendering her a beautiful yet despairing living corpse.
The luxurious, cold room was suffocatingly silent, so much so that not even the sound of wind or waves could be heard, which showed that the house was a considerable distance from the sea.
This was Christopher's meticulously crafted prison for her.
Bella's delicate body lay on the bed, her original clothes long gone, replaced with a thin red lace nightgown, making her appear like a vibrant yet sorrowful rose alive but slowly withering away.
The nightgown was changed for her by the maids on the island.
Although Christopher was ruthless and brutal to everyone else, he had never physically forced himself on Bella, refraining from taking her by force.
He truly loved her to the core, and he could not bear to see her cry.
Bella lay motionless, staring out the window. The orange-red sunset gradually dimmed, and as the sun set, the color drained from her pale, delicate face, leaving only a heartbreaking pallor.
She closed her swollen, sore eyes, tears welling up, but she bit down hard to stop them from falling.
She did not know how much time had passed when she heard the door open, followed by the familiar sound of cold, steady footsteps approaching.
"Bella, it's time to eat," Christopher said softly, carrying a tray to the bedside, his voice gentle. "I made this myself; everything is your favorite."
Bella turned her pale face away from him.
Though she could not move, every nerve in her body recoiled in disgust and resistance at his presence. Christopher gazed down at her.
The silk nightgown clung to her delicate, voluptuous figure, her long black hair spilling over the pillow, framing her exhausted, fragile face. The sight stirred within him a powerful urge to possess her completely.
"You haven't eaten or drunk anything since you arrived. If you keep this up, your body won't be able to take it," Christopher said as he set the tray on the bedside table and sat beside her.
His cool, firm hand grasped her slender ankle, trembling as it slowly moved upward. His voice was hoarse, tinged with restraint. "Getting angry at me won't help. Why torture yourself like this? You don't want to die, and you're always thinking about escaping from me. So shouldn't you take care of yourself, eat well, and stay strong?"
"Heh..." Bella scoffed, her red eyes gleaming as her parched lips curled into a bitter smile.
"I'm like a living corpse now, unable to move. What difference does it make if I eat or not?" "Bella, you're trying to manipulate me." Christopher chuckled, his eyes filled with love. "We've grown up together, so no one knows you better than I do. You're using reverse psychology on me, hoping I'll stop giving you anesthetics so you can find a way to resist me and escape. Bella, if I could, I wouldn't use drugs on you. But you're too clever. If I'm not careful, you'll find a way to escape. I've risked everything to have
you, and I can't lose you. Never!"
As his hand reached beneath her gown, he felt her body tremble in fear. Startled, he clenched his teeth and withdrew his hand, though the desire to have her burned within him.
"The food you made looks like shit to me," Bella said through gritted teeth, her nose flaring with hatred as she refused to even look at him. "I won't eat it. Now leave. I don't want to see you!"
As soon as she finished speaking, she suddenly felt lightheaded. Christopher grabbed her waist and pulled her into a tight embrace.
"Just have some soup, okay?" Christopher's smile was soft as he leaned his forehead against hers, their noses touching.
If one ignored the hatred in her eyes, they might have seemed like a pair of inseparable lovers. "It's fish soup. I caught the fish this morning and prepared it fresh. Do you remember when we were kids? You took me to the lake at Yara Park to catch fish. The sight of you in those little red rain boots, wading into the water to catch fish, has been etched in my heart ever since... I'll never forget it."
To Bella, his affectionate words only made her stomach churn.
Christopher gently rubbed her cracked lips with his thumb, his heart aching for her. "You must be so thirsty. Let me give you some water first."
He picked up a cup, placed the rim against her lips, and began to pour water into her mouth.
###chapter2196
 
All the water ran down Bella's chin as she refused to swallow a single drop.
"Bella, you're so disobedient. But I would expect nothing less from you." Christopher's eyes narrowed as he took a sip himself, then he suddenly gripped her chin tightly, forcing her mouth open.
"Mmmph―!"
The man's cool lips pressed down on hers, sucking and probing, slowly passing the water into her mouth. Then he lingered, unwilling to pull away, savoring the sweetness of her lips. He felt heady and intoxicated.
Bella burned with rage, her fists clenched tightly as her body trembled uncontrollably in his arms. She wanted nothing more than to bite down hard on the tongue that was tormenting her. Anticipating this, Christopher held her jaw so firmly that she was unable to close her mouth, leaving her powerless to his whims.
Breathing heavily, Christopher reluctantly withdrew from her lips. Immediately, Bella spat out all the water in her mouth right onto his face. "Bella." Christopher was drenched and embarrassed, his expression darkening.
"You must be furious, right? So angry you're about to lose your mind? Go ahead, kill me! If you have the guts, kill me!" Bella's eyes glistened with tears as she screamed hysterically.
Christopher gazed at her pitifully, lifting a hand to gently wipe away the droplets on her chin.
"Bella, you know I'll never do that. But if you insist on acting this way, you'll live each day in unbearable pain."
"Actually, you're wrong." Bella laughed bitterly. "I never even thought about escaping. I've been thinking about how to kill you."
"Then you should eat well and regain your strength. Otherwise, how will you achieve your goal?" Christopher's lips curled up as he reached for the bowl of soup. "Eat up! Fill yourself up, and then come kill me. But if you fail, you'll have no choice but to marry me."
"What are you saying...?" Bella managed to whisper.
"These past few days, I've been preparing for our wedding. All the preparations are almost done."
Christopher kissed the corner of her
mouth and nuzzled her cheek.
"Soon, we'll be a real married couple. These past few days, I haven't touched you because I wanted to give you the ultimate sense of ceremony. Our first union should be on our wedding night..." 
Bella was shocked and furious as her body trembled violently. "You want me to marry you, a murderous demon? I'll die before that happens, and I always keep my word!"
Christopher smiled brazenly, the utterly shameless man.
Ket
"In the Old Testament, God killed more people than the Devil. So I don't think my actions are unforgivable. God will forgive frie, and those I've killed will forgive me when they are in heaven." 
In the end, Bella did not eat. She only drank a few sips of water, enduring the suffering until late at night. The intense hunger sapped her strength, leaving her lightheaded.
She was overwhelmed by a sense of despair. Regardless of the amount of physical pain she had to endure, it still paled in comparison to the thought of marrying Christopher.
As she curled up in the fetal position, Bella felt distant and disconnected. In her haze, she heard Christopher talking on the phone. Her eyelids fluttered as she struggled to open her eyes.
Christopher stood by the window, his phone pressed to his ear, with his back to her.
"What's the matter? You haven't made up your mind yet?"
Bella could only hear Christopher's voice.
“Sir, the drug is too potent. I'm worried Bella's body won't be able to withstand it."
Christopher kept his tone respectful and sounded genuinely concerned. "This drug is the perfect solution and could even erase her memories of Justin. But... I love her. I can' bear to see her suffer." 
###chapter2197
 
Bella's ears perked up as she heard the words "memory loss". Her entire body broke out in a cold sweat, and her heart clenched at the thought. She thought, 'What drug? What memory loss? What exactly is Christopher planning to do to me?!'
"Bella is stubborn by nature, wild, and untamable. If you don't give her the drug, don't even dream of using your sincerity to win her over and trying to make her completely devoted to you. If that were possible, Justin wouldn't still be in the picture, and it wouldn't have dragged on until today, would it?” "But Bella once lost a child, and her health has never been the same."
Christopher took a deep breath to ease the pain in his chest, as if the child Bella lost had been his own. "If the drug only erased Bella's memories, that would be great. But it also contains many banned substances, and the clinical trial reports from the RC Biotech Research Centre clearly state that its effects are extremely unstable, potentially causing severe side effects! Bella is just a fragile young woman. What if it harms her? I love her! I can't bear to see her suffer by my side!"
Bella's eyes widened, bloodshot. Her heart was pounding from the conversation she was hearing. She struggled to steady her breathing, straining to listen intently.
She knew the person calling Christopher had to be the mastermind hiding in the shadows, the one controlling everything from behind the scenes. Unfortunately, she was too far away and could not hear the other speaker.
"Sir, please... Just this once, let me make the decision!" Christopher pleaded.
Grant's voice was cold and biting, each word driving nails into Christopher's heart. "If I let you make the decision, you'll only end up regretting your foolish choice. The drug must be given to Bella. This is a direct order!"
Grant suddenly let out a cold, mocking laugh. "Unless, of course, you think you've already achieved your goal and no longer want to follow my orders. In that case, forget what I said."
Christopher's heart wrenched, his hands trembling as they clenched tightly. "My life belongs to you, sir. I would never betray you, even in death." He knew all too well that he was now a fallen giant.
Grant had eyes and ears everywhere;
if angered, Christopher would not only put himself in danger, but Bella's situation would become extremely perilous. He had no
choice but to continue being
obedient dog. His fate had been sealed the moment he was cast out of Savrow 15 years ago, leaving him with no other options. 
l
"Sir, I beg you" Christopher leaned against the glass doors, supporting his body that was on the brink of collapse If Bella and I can successfully marry and become husband and wife, could you please not use the drug on her? I'm begging you..." 
There was a long silence on the other end.
Bella stared at Christopher's shadowed figure, her heart filled with overwhelming terror. Could
there really be such a drug in this et
worldzone that could erase all memories, including the memory of the one she loved most... Would she forget him completely too? 
Bella clutched the bedsheet tightly, hot tears rolling down her face. How could she forget Justin?
She met him for the first time when she was eleven, and she had been captivated by him at first sight. For the next 13 years, she endured countless hardships, waded through blood and storms, and finally found her way back to him. How could she forget him?!
Bella squeezed her eyes shut and pressed her hand over her heart. She could only feel an empty cavity full of longing.
"If you're so eager to conquer her, I'll give you that chance."
...
Perhaps it was from overwhelming sorrow, or maybe it was the effect of the anesthesia, but Bella slept for a long time. When she finally opened her swollen eyes, the first thing she saw was Christopher.
###chapter2198
Chapter 2198
"Bella, you're finally awake!"
Christopher tightly grasped her hand, rubbing and kissing it with an almost desperate tenderness. "You slept for an entire day and night, and I was terrified... I was so scared something might be wrong with you. While you were asleep, I had a doctor come and give you glucose. You can't keep starving yourself. Even if you hate me to the core, it's not worth punishing yourself like this, is it?"
Bella was a doctor herself, and she knew her body was close to its limit. As much as she loathed him, Christopher was right. If she wanted to kill him, she needed to regain her strength first.
"I want meat." Bella spoke without looking at him.
For the first time in five days, Christopher received a non-hostile response from Bella. His eyes lit up. "Alright... I'll have the kitchen prepare it right now! Bella, it'll be ready soon. Just wait!"
Within an hour, the kitchen had prepared a table full of delicacies for her.
Two maids helped her get ready while pushing her around in a wheelchair. By the time she emerged from the bathroom, her face regained a hint of color, but her cheeks remained sunken in.
Christopher's gaze darkened with desire as he strode forward and lifted her from the wheelchair, holding her tightly against his chest.
Bella was flooded with hatred, but she was too weak to resist.
He carried her to the dining room. He kept her on his lap as he sat down, nestled within his
arms.
"You're not well, so I'll feed you, Bella."
He gazed at her with deep affection, cutting the steak into small pieces and patiently feeding her.
It was common knowledge on Rose Island that Christopher's patience was reserved for Bella alone.
Bella mechanically ate the steak, bite after bite, until the plate was clean. Her once bright and lively eyes were now dull and lifeless.
"Good girl."
Christopher beamed with joy, as he gently stroked her cheek. "Eat well, gain some weight, and you'll look beautiful in the wedding dress. Of course, my Bella is already very beautiful now."
The thought of the memory-erasing drug made Bella tremble. She did not dare resist his intention to marry her too fiercely, but she also would not give in or try to please him. She simply remained silent.
The once proud and unyielding young lady was now at her limit, unable to fight any longer.
"Rest for a while, and later I'll take you to see the rose fields I've grown just for you. I've planned to have the ceremony there." Christopher picked up a napkin and gently wiped her mouth clean.
Bella remained silent and expressionless.
Her silence filled Christopher's heart with overwhelming joy. He believed that finally, after five days and nights of torment, she had accepted her fate. Even if she still hated him, she was too exhausted to struggle any longer.
Even so, he was still too cautious to skip her anesthetic injection, though he did allow himself to reduce the dosage slightly.
Suddenly, a servant rushed in.
"Mr. Iverson."
"What is it?" Christopher asked coldly as he continued to feed Bella.
"There's a guest on the island."
###chapter2199
Chapter 2199
Bella trembled in Christopher's arms. She felt a flicker of hope. 'Could it be Justin? Could it be her brothers? Have they finally found me?!'
Intense emotions crashed within her, and tears welled up in her eyes. However, she was under the influence of drugs-her limbs were weak, devoid of any strength, making it impossible for her to struggle out of his embrace.
"A guest?"
Christopher's face instantly soured. "How many?"
"Just one... a man."
The tension in Christopher's heart did not ease upon hearing this.
Before he could respond, a series of heavy footsteps echoed through the hall, unimpeded, as they made their way directly into the dining room.
"Mr. Iverson." The man's voice was low and hoarse.
Bella's heartbeat quickened as she looked over. What she saw was earth-shattering.
Her pupils contracted sharply as she stared unblinkingly at the man's familiar face-a face deeply etched in her heart. Her heart was pounding heavily inside her chest as her breath quickened.
"Hugh... Hugh!" Bella's eyes were red, and she cried out with all her might.
Everything she had been holding back burst forth. All the pain, the longing, and the suppressed fear overwhelmed her like a flood. She wept like a child, tears streaming down her face, shattering the image of the once proud lady.
The man who stood before her looked exactly like her dead brother, Hugh. He remained expressionless. His eyes were devoid of any emotion-like a cold, lifeless machine.
Jace cast a disdainful look at the tear-streaked Bella before turning his indifferent gaze to Christopher. "Our Boss has sent me to help you."
"Are you really here to help me?" Christopher's voice strained as he stared at the man's face.
"Why do you care so much? You're no longer the influential Mr. Iverson you once were," Jace said, raising an eyebrow. "Surely having another helper would ultimately bring you more good than harm, right?"
Christopher felt a sharp sting in his heart. He knew what that face meant to Bella. Grant was a meticulous strategist who never made a wrong move. There was only one possibility— bringing Jace before Bella was intentional!
Bella stared at the man, salty tears slipping into her mouth. This man was also under the command of the person behind Christopher.
If he truly was Hugh, then why did everything about him seem different? His voice, his tone, his eyes... Nothing was the same, but surely she could not be mistaken about this!
Even when Yvonne had surgery to resemble her, there were still subtle differences upon closer inspection. Plastic surgery could not create an exact replica, as every person had their own unique essence. It was impossible to become a perfect copy of a real person. Why did this man have Hugh's exact face? If this was not Hugh, who else could he be?
"I've traveled a long way, and I'm hungry." Jace casually pulled out a chair by the dining table and sat down without hesitation. "Mr. Iverson, I'm still a guest. You should prepare a fresh meal for me. I don't eat leftovers."
Christopher's eyes darkened as he stiffly ordered the servants. "Go prepare 'our guest' a new meal."
"I hate the sea. I don't eat fish or seafood," Jace added.
###chapter2200
Chapter 2200
Bella's heart pounded wildly.
Hugh never liked the sea either. He said that the vast and mysterious ocean always filled him with an inexplicable melancholy. He preferred towering mountains, relishing in the feeling of standing at the peak and surveying the world below. In the end, he was lost to the vast ocean.
Hugh did not like eating fish either. He found it tedious to pick out the bones, but whenever Bella ate fish, he would painstakingly remove every single bone for her.
Bella was sure that he was Hugh. He had to be!
"Hugh! It's me, Bella! Don't you recognize me?! Hugh!" Bella cried out, her eyes brimming with tears as she repeatedly called his name, desperately trying to awaken his memories.
"Ms. Thompson, you've mistaken me for someone else." Jace looked at her with indifference, becoming slightly annoyed. "I have no parents, no family, and no siblings. Mr. Iverson, staring at the sea for too long can cause hallucinations. You should have Ms. Thompson's brain checked."
Bella was forcibly sent back to her room by Christopher's bodyguards.
In the dining room, the air between the two men was tense.
While Christopher brooded, Jace was eating heartily, ignoring the seething man.
"How long are you planning to stay here?" Christopher asked coldly.
"Until you successfully marry her," Jace replied as he picked up a napkin to wipe his lips. At that moment, there was a fleeting trace of aristocratic elegance in his demeanor, but it quickly vanished. "If you can successfully marry Ms. Thompson, I will leave."
Christopher's eyes darkened. "And if we don't?"
Jace calmly took a sip of water.
"You'll take my fiancée away from me and bring her to the Boss, won't you?" Christopher's shoulders trembled slightly beneath his suit.
"If you truly love Ms. Thompson, this is the only correct choice," Jace said, suddenly rising from his seat. "If you do manage to marry her, then the Boss will send his blessings to you both."
With that, Jace turned and walked away.
His tall, proud figure retained a trace of the heroic spirit he had once possessed as a chief pilot.
Christopher was temporarily stunned, but then everything became clear.
Grant's mind was complex, and his understanding of human nature was unparalleled.
He had sent Jace here not only as a backup plan but also to stabilize Bella's emotions. With " Hugh" by her side, would she still want to run? Would she still think of escaping?
*
For five days, Justin and the Thompson siblings turned the entire country of Sentania upside down. They started searching every island, every sea, and every city, leaving no stone unturned.
Declan had also arrived with reinforcements, joining Justin and Asher in combing through every island.
The nights were pitch black, obscuring the landscape and making it nearly impossible to find anyone. Additionally, wild animals roamed the lands. Despite this, Justin showed no intention of retreating, continuing to search for any sign of Bella.
Time was running out.
The mere thought of Bella being held captive by that beast Christopher made Justin's heart ache. He could not allow himself to stop or slack off, not even for a moment.
Ralph and Declan were both on the verge of collapse, but Justin kept pushing forward relentlessly.
They both worried that Justin's body would give out before they could find Bella.
By the sixth day, everyone was utterly exhausted.
"We could keep searching like this for a year and it would still be hopeless! We don't have enough manpower to search the entire country!" Declan slammed his fist over the map spread out on the table.
Even Ralph, a seasoned police officer, had come down with a fever due to the relentless stress, relying on medication to push through.
They were all stretched beyond their limits, but the search area was too vast. They needed more support.
However, this was Sentania, not their home country. There were too many obstacles, and even the President, Bella's brother-in-law, needed royal approval to deploy the military.
As they reached another dead end, Camilla suddenly appeared, leading a familiar young woman into their midst.
###chapter2201
Chapter 2201
"Princess Annabeth?!" Declan's eyes widened, his gaze locked on the young woman in front of them, her face still bearing a hint of youthful innocence. His heart began to race, and he squeezed his eyes tightly in disbelief.
Annabeth bit her lip, stealing a glance at Declan before quickly looking away.
Declan had been the one who had wanted their relationship to return to how it was. Although, now that Annabeth had truly moved on, his heart ached; Annabeth did not even spare him a second glance.
"Camilla, why did you bring the princess here?" Asher immediately stepped forward with concern laced in his voice.
"The princess is here to help us."
Upon hearing this, everyone quickly gathered around.
Justin's breathing grew heavier. "Princess Annabeth, can you really help us?"
"I heard that Bella went missing, taken away by our country's wanted criminal, Christopher Iverson." Annabeth's eyes were slightly swollen, indicating that she had been crying recently. Her gentle voice trembled with emotion. "I was so worried... Yesterday, I went to beg my father to use the royal family's power to help you search for Bella throughout the nation."
Declan's heart clenched. "Anne..."
They were all grateful and relieved at her words.
They had only briefly interacted with Annabeth during Ryan and Carrie's wedding and did not have a close relationship with her. Yet this young girl was willing to lend a helping hand. Whether or not her efforts would succeed, her willingness to try was something they were deeply grateful for.
Annabeth sniffed as she stole another glance at Declan.
"My father agreed to help you search for Bella!"
Everyone in the room audibly gasped.
Moments ago, they were worrying about how to get more manpower to continue the search. Now, in the blink of an eye, the most challenging issue had been resolved, and they received permission to mobilize the military.
"But... My father has one condition." Annabeth hesitated, her voice trailing off.
Without a moment's hesitation, Justin responded. "Whatever the condition, even if it costs me my life, I will agree!"
Annabeth remained silent for a moment and then made her way over to Asher, meeting his
piercing eyes.
"My father said he wants to see you, Mr. Asher."
Everyone was surprised and turned to look at their eldest brother.
Asher frowned deeply. "See me? Why?"
Annabeth shook her head. "I don't know. He wants you to meet him in the palace first thing tomorrow morning. If you go to see him, he will agree to send troops to help you search for Bella. That's his only condition."
Asher's expression grew serious as he made up his mind. "Okay, I'll go to the palace tomorrow."
The sun was setting on Rose Island. Bella was dressed in a fiery red backless gown and placed in a wheelchair. Christopher gently pushed her, taking her to see their wedding venue.
A dozen servants were still tending to the rose garden. They were determined to complete the arrangements as quickly as possible so that Mr. Iverson and the woman he loved could be married here without any delays.
From then on, this island would have a beautiful mistress.
Bella gazed listlessly at the radiant rose garden before her. There was a fountain surrounded by fragrant roses that shimmered brilliantly under the sunset.
She loved the color red and adored roses.
Even the fairytale-like beauty before her brought her no joy. She looked upon the view like it was a cold and desolate graveyard.
Christopher walked to the center of the rose garden. He handpicked a bouquet of the most vibrant roses and ran back to her, his face alight with happiness.
With his handsome, pure expression, and his bright eyes devoid of any malice, he looked like a young, innocent boy.
With that face and that smile, it was impossible to associate him with the atrocities attributed to him-words like murder, brutality, and bloodshed.
"Bella."
Sweat beaded on Christopher's forehead as he knelt on one knee, presenting the roses to Bella.
Her gaze fell on his hands, which were covered in dirt and crisscrossed with cuts from the thorns.
Her once bright almond eyes were now dull and lifeless.
Christopher's eyes grew moist, and his voice hoarse with the intensity of his emotions. "Will
you marry me?"
Bella suppressed the nausea roiling in her stomach and stared coldly at him, saying nothing. Silence was the only kindness she could bestow.
If she spoke up, her words would cut into him like knives, trained straight for his heart.
She had to endure it.
She did not want to marry this madman, but she was even more afraid of completely
forgetting Justin.
"If you don't speak up, I'll take that as a yes."
Christopher's eyes crinkled in the corners, filled with the blissful sweetness of a groom-to-
be.
He was, in every sense, a delusional man.
Christopher put down the roses and pulled out a red velvet box from his pocket.
Inside was a pear-shaped, ten-carat red diamond engagement ring.
His hands trembled as he took Bella's limp hand and slowly slid the ring onto her finger.
A sharp pang shot through Bella, almost bringing her to tears.
A proposal, a diamond ring, a wedding...
She had wanted to experience all of these for the first time with Justin. One by one, they were being stolen from her by Christopher.
At this moment, she was filled with overwhelming regret.
She regretted not marrying Justin sooner, even if it had been a simple wedding, even if it had been with a simple ring. If she could have just experienced it, she would have had no regrets
in this life.
She had always thought they had all the time in the world and that the future was long.
However, fate was unpredictable. One would never know what would happen the next day or
when disaster would strike.
Christopher stood up and gently embraced Bella's trembling body.
Just as he was about to kiss her lips, a stone rolled down at his feet, shattering the romantic
atmosphere.
Christopher's eyes turned cold as he looked up.
Unnoticed until now, Jace had appeared nearby. He leaned against a stone pillar and
watched them with a blank gaze.
###chapter2202
Chapter 2202
Christopher's expression grew colder by the second, casting a chilling shadow over the rose garden. The air around them seemed to grow frosty.
Bella stared at the pebbles by her feet through tear-soaked lashes before turning her head to look at Jace.
Snap.
Crunch, crunch.
Jace stared at Bella's red and swollen eyes as he took a bite of an apple, chewing noisily.
A powerful surge of emotion ran through her. Her shoulders trembled violently as she summoned all her strength to stand and walk toward him.
With a loud crash, the wheelchair tipped over, sending her tumbling to the ground along with it.
"Bella! Are you okay?!" Christopher rushed to help her up, only to be pushed away in a fit of hysteria.
"I don't need you... I can do it myself!"
Bella gritted her teeth, her fingers digging into the muddy ground. Despite her disheveled state, she was determined to rise again.
Christopher was left in utter disbelief.
He had injected her with a sedative last night. Her limbs should still be weak and paralyzed. Theoretically, she should not have been able to move at all.
Perhaps Jace's presence had sparked an extraordinary willpower within her frail body, allowing her to miraculously overcome the effects of the drug.
As he watched the girl stubbornly rise from the ground, Jace paused mid-bite, his cold, emotionless eyes deepening for a fleeting moment.
Bella gazed at Jace, her eyes shimmering.
"Hugh... It's you, isn't it? My brother doesn't like the sea, and his favorite food is apples, so it must be you, right?"
"What are you doing here?" Christopher glared at Jace with a hostile expression.
"Just passing through."
Jace shifted his gaze from Bella's pale face to the beautiful rose garden. "The scenery is nice, but somehow, it feels dull."
Christopher narrowed his eyes. "What do you mean?"
"It's obvious that Ms. Thompson doesn't want to marry you. This garden full of roses is just a field of unripe fruit."
Jace finished his apple and tossed the core into the rose bushes.
Christopher flared with anger as he clenched his fists, his knuckles turning white with the effort.
"Mr. Bailiff, you've always been one to follow the rules set by the Boss, never speaking more than necessary. Why is it that you have so much to say today?"
Jace smiled a rare occurrence.
"Normally, that's true. But when I see someone I dislike, I can't help but talk more."
Bella blinked slowly, her heart pounding harder. Hugh may not have been as cold and blunt as this, but he was straightforward and genuine, a trait she shared with this man.
Christopher's face darkened, and he let out a cold laugh. "Even if you disagree, it doesn't change anything. Bella and I will get married, and she will become my wife."
"I wouldn't be so sure," Jace responded.
Bella's eyes lit up, her heart swelling with hope. However, Jace's next words doused her hopes with cold water.
"Perhaps our boss will have that chance too."
Christopher's heart dropped, his anxiety surging beneath his composed exterior. He wasn't afraid of Justin or Bella's brothers coming after him, but he was terrified of Grant.
He was well aware of Grant's methods. To this day, there was nothing Grant wanted that he hadn't gotten.
"But our boss isn't as shameless, despicable, or vile as you are."
###chapter2203
 
Jace bent down and casually plucked a rose. He tore off a petal and placed it in his mouth, chewing slowly. "Our boss will never resort to such brutish means of capture, like some wild beast. He will make Ms. Thompson accept him willingly, bit by bit, until she falls in love with him."
Christopher's shoulders shuddered, a chill running down his spine.
Bella did not feel as frightened. Instead, she felt curious, even suspicious. She thought to herself, if this "boss" they mentioned really were to take her away, it might actually be better than being trapped here with Christopher.
At the very least, she would have a chance to unmask the mastermind and strike at the root of the problem.
Staying with Christopher only left her feeling powerless. No matter how dignified, powerful, or influential he appeared, Christopher was just a guard dog, nothing more. She had a growing sense that Jace's presence tonight meant something big was going to happen.
Even if they did not take action, Christopher, having lost his usefulness, was nearing his end.
As night fell, the waves crashed against the shore.
After years of being an assassin, Jace had almost evolved beyond the need for sleep. He lay on the red velvet sofa in the living room, staring blankly at the ornate chandelier above, lost in thought.
Suddenly, the sound of light footsteps approached him.
Jace's sharp ears twitched, but he didn't rise in alarm. He recognized the footsteps.
The steps came to a stop beside him.
Then, a flash of red appeared before his eyes.
Bella leaned forward slightly, holding out a fresh red apple in front of him. Her pale hand trembled.
"For you," Bella said softly, her voice gentle and innocent.
Jace reached up, taking the apple from her hand. The crisp sound of a bite echoed as he bit into it.
Bella's voice was barely a whisper, "Mr. Bailiff, do you like apples too?"
"Yes," Jace replied indifferently.
"I have... I had a brother. He loved apples since he was a child.”
Bella stared at him intently, her eyes welling up with tears. "In my family's backyard, there were two apple trees. When we were little, I would often climb the trees to pick apples for Hugh." 
Jace remained silent.
"He was a pilot, an exceptional one with 99% of the skills needed for absolute mastery. Unfortunately, he lacked that final 1%."
For the first time, a flicker of curiosity appeared in Jace's usually emotionless eyes. "What was that 1%?"
"Luck."
Tears spilled over Bella's flushed cheeks. "There was a plane crash. His plane plummeted into the ocean. No one survived, not the crew or the passengers."
Jace paused. His chewing slowed, but he quickly resumed, acting as if her words had no bearing on him. "Then he was indeed unlucky. In his next life, he should strive to be a lucky man." 
Her heartbroken sobs echoed softly in the serene living room.
"Ms. Thompson, save your tears for someone worthy of them," Jace said coldly, glancing at the woman who was sobbing like a helpless child "You should cry at your brother's grave. Crying in front of me is just a waste of emotion." 
to 
S
As soon as he finished speaking, Bella threw herself onto him, grabbing the collar of his black T-shirt and yanking at it with all her strength.
There was a sharp ripping sound as the fabric tore under her grip.
###chapter2204
 
Bella caught Jace off guard. In an instant, she had already torn open his collar, exposing his defined shoulder.
She was searching for a birthmark the size of a coin on his left shoulder. Hugh had a birthmark there; it was a faint pink mark that she remembered vividly.
The hope Bella had allowed herself to feel was quickly extinguished.
Instead of a birthmark, she was met with a long and vicious scar, two fingers wide, that snaked down his left shoulder.
The scar stood out starkly against his fair skin. It was gruesome.
As a former doctor for Doctors Without Borders, Bella had seen her fair share of injuries on the battlefield. Yet the severity of this scar sent a shiver down her spine.
This was not an ordinary knife wound.
It looked like the aftermath of an explosion, a wound so severe it was as if he had been torn apart and stitched back together, skin and muscle pieced back like a grotesque puzzle.
Could it be possible that...
"Ugh-!"
Suddenly, she found herself pinned down on the couch by Jace before she could process what was happening. His powerful grip locked her wrists in place, rendering her immobile.
"Do you have a death wish?" Jace hovered over her, his jaw clenched tight and his eyes blazing with fury.
"What... What happened to you?" Bella felt no fear, only a bone-deep sorrow that coursed through her body. "Why do you have such terrible wounds? Was it from the plane crash? Hugh... does it hurt?"
'Does it hurt?' Her gentle question pierced Jace's mind like a bullet, causing a wave of pain to ripple through his temples.
"Hugh!" A delicate voice echoed from the deepest recesses of his distant memories, like a faint ethereal whisper.
Bella sobbed softly, tears streaming down her face.
She lifted her hand to touch his face, but Jace abruptly released her and stood up.
"If you try that again, not even Christopher will be able to save you."
Jace left her with a cold warning before disappearing from the living room.
Jace returned to his room, closing the door tightly behind him. He
leaned heavily against the do
closed his eyes, and shook his head. Bella's call echoed in his ears. 
n
"I'm alone in this world, without parents, without siblings, without friends...I was born into loneliness My boss gave me a new life. My boss gave..." He muttered to himself like a chant, as if reciting a spell to drive away the doubt that threatened to invade his mind. 
to 
Bella's tender words of concern pierced through his defenses and gently knocked on the ironclad door of his heart.
Over the years, he had endured countless injuries; no one had ever asked him if it hurt.
He never needed anyone's concern,
nor did he care for such fleeting emotions, but for the first time in his life, being cared for felt like something had hollowed out a part of his chest. 
It was a warm and bittersweet ache.
Jace took a deep breath, walked to the window, and pulled out a necklace from beneath his shirt.
###chapter2205
Chapter 2205
With a faint click, the mechanism of the necklace snapped open. Inside was a black pill. He placed it in his mouth and swallowed it.
Bella's voice slowly faded away, vanishing from his consciousness.
It had been over a year since he needed to rely on medication to alleviate his headaches. He thought he would never have to use it again.
Meanwhile, in the study, Christopher clutched a medical report in his hands; his face was pale and his eyes were bloodshot and filled with despair.
"Mr. Iverson, your current health condition is not very optimistic." The doctor carefully chose his words." The medical facilities on this island are extremely limited. If any sudden complications arise during your episodes, we won't be able to treat you properly. I strongly recommend that you seek treatment at a proper hospital within the month. There is still hope for alleviation."
Christopher's dry lips twisted slightly. "If I undergo active treatment, will I be cured?"
The doctor lowered his head, hesitating to answer.
"My condition is untreatable, isn't it? I don't even have much time left." Christopher exhaled bitterly. The looming fear of death left him feeling powerless.
"Please don't be so pessimistic. If you actively pursue treatment..."
"Just tell me. How much time do I have?"
The doctor swallowed hard. "At most... Six months."
"Hah..." Christopher closed his eyes, a bitter laugh escaping his lips.
"The medication you've been taking hasn't been treating your illness. It's only been masking the symptoms; it has also damaged your organs." The doctor sighed. "In truth, it's a slow poison that's highly addictive. Users will become gradually dependent on it. It's like cancer. By the time the symptoms appear, it's already too late. Most cases are diagnosed in the late stages, when it's already..."
Incurable...
Christopher crumpled the diagnosis report in his fist, squeezing it tightly.
"So, my life is going to end just like this?" Christopher turned his gaze toward the black rose on the windowsill that he had painstakingly nurtured for Bella.
"It seems that everything I've gained has come at an exorbitant price. These past ten years of glory and fame were all bought by draining my life away, bit by bit."
The Boss had aided him, and Christopher had always felt a debt of gratitude toward him. He realized now that he had pawned himself off to the devil.
"I've never been afraid of death. I just can't bear to..." Thoughts of Bella brought tears streaming down his face, breaking his heart again.
She hated him for what he had become. She hated his ruthlessness and the blood on his hands. If he had remained the weak, kind-hearted, innocent Chris of the past, could he have made his way back to her?
A good person...
Christopher wept as he laughed, his expression twisted. He thought that just being a person in this world was already exhausting, let alone being a good person.
He thought, 'Bella, you had everything growing up-parents who adored you, siblings who doted on you, and friends who stood by you through thick and thin. But what about me? You'll never understand me because you could never be me.'
Before Christopher could sink further into his grief, the urgent voice of a servant echoed from outside the door.
"Mr. Iverson! Something's wrong! Ms. Thompson has activated the helicopter and is trying to escape the island!"
###chapter2206
Chapter 2206
As night fell, the wind roared with fury. The black sky loomed oppressively over the tumultuous sea.
On the shores of Rose Island, the waves crashed violently. Bella scrambled onto the helicopter parked on the sand, still wearing the red dress from earlier.
She had regained some of her strength, but she was still in a weakened state. She knew she could not hesitate any longer.
That night, Christopher had not administered more anesthetic. It was her only chance to escape. It had been years since she last piloted a helicopter. Even with only vague memories of how to operate one, she had to try.
Bella climbed into the cockpit, breathing heavily. She performed the necessary steps: fueling, igniting the engine, and engaging the propellers.
"Bella, you can do this. Stay steady... You can make it!" She gritted her teeth, her knuckles white as she gripped the control stick.
"Bella!"
Christopher, pale and frantic, ran toward her.
Bella stared at him coldly, her eyes filled with a bone-deep hatred.
"Christopher... Farewell!"
As the helicopter began to lift off, three gunshots rang out from behind her.
The roar of the sea and the noise of the helicopter drowned out the sound of the gunfire. However, one bullet whizzed past Bella's head, shattering the windshield.
"Stop! Stop!" Christopher's eyes widened in terror as he shouted.
Bella's gaze was fixated on the broken glass.
The brutal memories of gunfire from her time on the Kridor battlefield surged back into her mind. Her heart raced and her body trembled, but driven by a fierce desire to escape, she overcame her fear and resolutely pulled the control stick!
Bang! Bang! Bang!
Three more gunshots fired in quick succession, methodically and mercilessly.
The bullets did not strike her. Instead, they were aimed at the helicopter's fuselage. Alarms and error messages blinked urgently on the cockpit screens as the vehicle began to leak oil.
"Damn it! Bastard!" Bella roared in frustration, pounding on the window.
The propellers slowed to a stop, and everything fell silent. Only the roar of the waves remained, mocking her failed escape attempt.
Christopher's shoulders slumped in despair. He glared bitterly at Jace, who walked over with an impassive expression.
Jace shot down the helicopter to prevent it from taking off, but a stray bullet could have killed Bella on the spot.
The man yanked open the helicopter door, his stern face cold.
Bella sat helplessly inside the cockpit as tears streamed down her face.
Jace's dark eyes fixed on her. "Get out!"
She gasped for breath, her face pale. She was petrified by her immense psychological trauma.
She stared blankly at Jace, her mouth gaping as she continued to cry uncontrollably.
Jace's brow furrowed deeply as he leaned into the cockpit. He easily lifted Bella's limp body and carried her out.
"Let me go..." Though Bella had no strength left, she stubbornly clenched her fists and pounded against his chest.
Jace remained indifferent, but he suddenly loosened his grip, trying to scare her.
Instinctively, Bella grabbed his neck and curled in closer. Jace's gaze softened as he tightened his hold on
her.
"I want to go home..." Bella whimpered.
###chapter2207
Chapter 2207
Tears filled Bella's eyes as she clutched at Jace's clothing, sobbing uncontrollably. "I miss my father, my brothers, and Justin. Please, let me go home... Please..."
Jace listened in silence, his steps steady and resolute.
"Return Bella to me!" Christopher screamed desperately, dropping all pretense as he frantically blocked Jace's path.
"She's not legally your wife yet, so she isn't yours," Jace replied blankly. He looked at Christopher with a hint of derision. "Even if I gave her to you, can your body even handle it?"
Christopher's weakened body trembled as he retracted his shaking hand.
Although exhausted and terrified, Bella remained clear-headed. Jace's words carried a hidden meaning. Was Christopher's body truly at its limit?
The sea breeze only grew stronger in the night, howling relentlessly.
Jace held Bella tightly, moving forward steadily. As her sobs subsided, he spoke calmly. "There will be a typhoon tonight."
Bella looked up at the man's jawline. "If there were no typhoon, would you still have stopped me from leaving?"
Jace's gaze darkened as he continued to walk. "I'll let you in on a secret. I came here to ensure you don't end up with Christopher."
Bella's eyes widened with a mixture of hope and dismay. This man felt like her older brother, or perhaps she had unconsciously placed him in that role.
Despite everything, she clung to the hope that within him, there might still be a trace of the kind and bright person she once knew.
"This is an order from my boss," Jace said, looking down at her. "Don't be mistaken. Even if the night were clear, I would still have stopped you."
Bella's heart sank, feeling profound hopelessness.
"Everything that Christopher has was given to him by our boss. Now that he is no longer useful, everything he has will be reclaimed." Jace's tone was matter-of-fact. "The Boss never makes a losing deal."
"Who is this boss?" Bella's voice was hoarse as she asked. "Is he someone Justin and I know? He had calculated everything so precisely, manipulating everyone, including Christopher and me, playing with everything at his whim. Does he know me or even understand me? How did you come to be involved with him?"
After a long hesitation, Bella felt she had never been so close to the truth.
"I am not your older brother," Jace said solemnly. He fell silent. "I advise you to stay away from the truth. The truth can only lead to utter ruin."
The next morning, a convoy from the Presidential House escorted Asher to the palace to meet King George. The group anxiously awaited news.
In the afternoon, Asher returned, handing over the King's signed special authorization document to
Edward.
"We can mobilize the troops now." Everyone felt renewed hope as they prepared.
Only Justin noticed the shadow of melancholy in Asher's eyes upon his return from the palace.
###chapter2208
Chapter 2208
"Ash, what's wrong? Why are you troubled?"
Justin approached Asher once he was alone. "Did you encounter any trouble during your visit to the palace? Right now, everyone is busy with Bella's situation. The pressure and pain you're enduring are no less than ours perhaps even greater."
Asher lifted his gaze to meet Justin's eyes, feeling a pang of gratitude. "At a time like this, I'm grateful that you still notice my emotions, Justin. I truly appreciate it."
"Ash, don't say that. We are family. To me, you are as important as Bella."
During the days that Bella had been missing, Justin had been unable to sleep and found it hard to eat. His nerves were constantly on edge. Any slight change in those around him magnified his stress, making him even more anxious. "What exactly happened?"
"Actually, it's nothing much," Asher said, his lips tightening into a thin line. "When I went to the palace, I finally met the King whom they all hold in high regard. He was very kind and hospitable, personally guiding me through the palace. He dined with me and showed concern for my health, even inquiring about my work and life over the years. He seemed like a warm and approachable elder, without the airs of a sovereign. Even though I'm not from Sentania, I was somewhat overwhelmed."
Justin understood Asher's feelings. He would also be nervous in a similar situation. "Isn't that a good thing?"
"It is good, but perhaps too good. It's overwhelming, and it feels strange. We had only met for the first time today, and we have no personal connection. With his status, why would he treat me so well?"
Justin's brow furrowed deeply.
"He also gave me this." Asher pulled out an ancient marble ornament from his chest pocket. It was engraved with exquisite dragon patterns, representing nobility and mystery. This was clearly not from an ordinary household.
"This is an artifact from the Sentania royal family," Justin gasped.
Justin had been exposed to antiques and artifacts since childhood under the tutelage of his father and grandfather. He carefully examined the piece.
"I've seen this ornament in museum brochures before. It's an antique, a personal item of the previous Sentania kings, passed down through generations. It's likely three to four hundred years old. If I remember correctly, this ornament is only passed to the heir to the throne, the crown prince of Sentania."
"What?!" Asher's eyes widened in shock as he stared at the ornament. "Why would he give such a valuable heirloom to me?! Such an important item should be given to his only son."
Justin pressed his lips together, deep in thought. He took a moment to consider all the information he had. He could feel his heart start racing as he connected the dots to what Bella had mentioned to him previously and the royal secrets he had heard from his friend regarding a missing female operative named Nadia.
He looked at Asher with a piercing intensity. His heart raced as he traced the details in Asher's face. "Justin, what's wrong?" Asher asked, puzzled.
Could it be? Could it be such a coincidence?
Although both he and Bella suspected Nadia was Wyatt's first wife, Yara Brown, who was the mother of
Bella and her four brothers, drawing a conclusion based on hearsay without any evidence seemed hasty.
However, it seemed unlikely that his friend, who had worked in the royal family for years, would be mistaken.
Nadia had definitely been the lover of Sentania's king. She had been framed by the queen and imprisoned. Once she managed to escape, she was hunted down, so she fled to the sea, eventually arriving in Hatchbay, where the Thompson family lived.
The two stories seemed to match up perfectly.
###chapter2209
Chapter 2209
Justin was troubled with the timeline between Nadia's persecution and the birth of Asher and his quadruplet brothers. It seemed like the two overlapped.
The sheer number of coincidences suggested it might not be as simple as that.
Moreover, the sudden summoning of Asher by the King and the unexpected closeness between them were suspicious. On top of that, Asher had been given a precious family heirloom, which only served to heighten Justin's concerns.
"Asher, did the queen accompany you when you met with the king today?" Justin asked.
Asher shook his head slowly, puzzled at Justin's question. "No, the queen was not present."
"And the prince?"
"I heard that the prince has been very ill. Years ago, he would accompany the king to his duties, meet with dignitaries, attend state visits, and participate in charity events. However, he has been bedridden since last t year. I didn't get to meet him either."
'What illness could last for two whole years? It must be an incurable one,' Justin thought.
"Justin, why the sudden inquiry?"
Justin's mind raced as he tightened his grip on the marble ornament. He felt on the verge of revealing a truth that would upheave the entire Thompson family.
The connections he found were too perfect, too interconnected. He tried to convince himself it was merely a coincidence, but he could not find the words.
Justin felt clumsy and inadequate, betraying his inner turmoil. "It's nothing, Asher. I'm just tired and a bit slow these days."
For now, Justin chose to keep his suspicions to himself. This matter had serious implications. Without any concrete DNA evidence, he could not prove that Nadia was Bella and Asher's mother or that the Thompson quadruplets were the sons of the King of Sentania.
"You must be exhausted," Asher said with concern. He patted Justin's shoulder in a comforting gesture." We'll find Bella soon."
Elsewhere, in the luxurious study within the palace of Sentania, a middle-aged man in a sharply tailored suit stood with an imposing presence. His hands clasped behind him.
"Your Majesty, I've secretly sent the cup used by the eldest son of the Thompson family for DNA testing. The results should be available tomorrow." His trusted secretary, who had served him for nearly forty years, stood behind him, speaking in a low voice.
"This matter is of utmost importance. Keep it strictly confidential, especially from the queen."
George lowered his gaze, fixated on the photo of Asher on his phone. Outwardly, his face was as calm, but his heart was racing with intense hope.
"Rest assured."
The secretary paused, stepped forward, and spoke again softly. "If you don't mind me saying, he does resemble you somewhat, especially when you two stand together."
George closed his eyes for a moment and relished in the thought as he smiled gently. "I think so too."
###chapter2210
Chapter 2210
With the royal authority granted, a large-scale rescue operation was successfully underway. Five days passed by in a flash, and despite thoroughly searching twenty islands, there was still no sign of Bella.
Logically, since Christopher intended to settle down on an island, he would have brought plenty of people and supplies.
It should not have been difficult to find them. However, the search was far more challenging than anticipated.
The recent inclement weather conditions in Sentania significantly hampered their efforts.
On the fifth evening, Camilla brought in some food.
"Justin, you can't keep pushing yourself like this. Your body won't hold up!" She looked at his bloodshot eyes with concern. "Just eat something, even a little."
"Thank you, Camilla. I'll eat in a bit," Justin responded hoarsely, although his eyes remained glued to the map on the table.
The map was marked with numerous red crosses, indicating checked locations. Justin lifted his hand again to mark another cross. His heart ached with every mark.
"No, you need to eat now!" Camilla stepped forward, took the pen from his hand, and ordered him like a child. "Just have a bit of pasta. If you don't eat now, I won't leave!"
Justin's back stiffened, about to protest. In the end, he dropped his shoulders in resignation. "Alright."
His hand trembled slightly as he took the bowl of pasta. Camilla watched him like a hawk. His exhaustion had reached its peak, and he was on the brink of collapse.
"Where are Asher and Drew?" Justin asked.
"They're on their way back. Don't worry, everyone is fine. Bella will be fine too."
Justin felt a wave of discomfort as he forced himself to take another bite. Suddenly, his eyes lit up, and he ate more. Tears welled up in his eyes.
"Bella's pasta tastes just like this!"
"Ms. Yvonne made it."
Camilla spoke softly. "These past few days, Ms. Yvonne has been preparing all the meals from morning till night. She has practically locked herself in the kitchen, waiting for anyone who might be hungry. It's unexpected that such a delicate girl has such impressive cooking skills. Even the palace chefs will have to bow to her. Drew is indeed fortunate."
Justin was taken aback. "Yvonne? How could the pasta she made..."
"Drew wanted to eat pasta. Ms. Yvonne must have figured out the recipe from his description." Camilla's voice wavered as she struggled not to cry. "Actually, Bella learned to make seafood pasta from Drew himself. It wasn't really about the pasta... He was just missing Bella."
Justin's heartache surged with each bite of the pasta. Despite his lack of appetite, he managed to finish it.
"Camilla, has Ms. Yvonne been waiting outside the whole time?" Justin, feeling satisfied, noticed a slender figure standing by the door.
Camilla nodded. "She didn't want to disturb you, but I know she's been thinking of you. She worries that seeing her might upset you, but she wants to help in any way she can. She's a very kind girl."
Yvonne feared that her face, so similar to Bella's, might cause pain or discomfort. Therefore, since arriving at the Presidential House, she had quietly done her work away from the others, minimizing her presence.
###chapter2211
 
"Tell her to come inside and join us." Justin's stoic expression softened slightly.
Shortly after that, Camilia managed to persuade Yvonne to enter the room. The latter entered with her head lowered. "Thank you, Mr. Salvador." Yvonne bowed, expressing her gratitude.
She had not managed to properly thank Justin ever since she was rescued, nor could she ever find a chance to do so.
"No need." A solemn look appeared in Justin's eyes. "I didn't do much. It was Drew who saved you."
"I have lived in Sentania for a long time with Christopher, so I'm familiar with this country to a certain degree. I hope I can be of help in this search." Yvonne was sincere.
Justin was taken aback by the thought. It had just occurred to him that Yvonne was once under Christopher and that there was nobody who knew him better than she did. It would be ideal to have her on his side!
Yvonne stood by the table and observed the various red crosses on the map. She shook her head and remarked, “There's no use searching blindly like this. You should start by searching the private islands in the region that are not registered or purchased by anyone yet.
"Most of these islands you marked are owned by the state and have plenty of residents inhabiting the island, which doesn't make it an ideal hiding place. The police can easily access these places as well. I wouldn't hide there if I was Christopher.”
Justin frowned. "So, you're saying that he must be on the unregistered islands?"
"Yes. I think aside from the unregistered and unnamed islands, you should look at the private islands as well. It is very likely that Christopher would have bought them using an alias or fake identity. A lot of those islands are very tucked away and don't have many visitors. Since they are private property, the Sentania government has no regulations over them either.”
Justin's eyes brightened. He was impressed by Yvonne's analysis.
"I will have someone work on compiling a list of the islands purchased by private buyers!" Camilia perked up and immediately sprang to the task. Justin was anxious. "How long will it take?"
"Even if they have been privatized after the purchase, there must still be a transaction record and an associated registration. I will contact the related authorities and have them sort it out before sending it to you. It won't take long!"
...
Two hours later, the members of the Thompson family returned one after another.
Everyone gathered in the study and looked at the pile of documents with the buyer's information as well as the island registration forms aeross the table. They were confused by the display. 
Drew wrapped his arms tightly around Yvonne's shoulders with a deep look in his eyes. "Investigating all of these buyers will take a lot of time and effort! We can't make Bella wait any longer!" 
Justin was a very perceptive man. Though his memory was not as good as Bella's, it was still easily above average.
He scanned the pile of documents on the table and was intently focused on the task.
Suddenly, his gaze stopped short on something. Rose Island.
That specific island caught his eye.
"Rose Island..."
Justin picked up the file with trembling fingers and clenched it tightly. All the while, he was mumbling incoherently to himself.
Everyone else exchanged confused looks with each other.
"The private nursing home where Christopher's mother stayed was also named Rose, wasn't it?!" Justin suddenly asked.
Yvonne instantly connected the dots
and nodded, "Yes, Christopher is
very fond of roses and always compare's Miss Thompson to a rose as well. This is why all of his properties in Sentania, including the clubs, villas, and even nursing home, have roses in them." 
It was always the subtle things that gave one away.
Justin had an eureka moment. His instincts were telling him that this was it!
"We're going to Rose Island!"
Asher was baffled. "When are we going?"
"Now!"
###chapter2212
Chapter 2212
Everyone was taken aback by Justin's sudden epiphany.
"Mr. Salvador's hunch must be correct. There is a high chance that Miss Thompson is on Rose Island!"
Hope ignited in Yvonne's eyes. She was convinced as well. "I remember Taylor mentioning Christopher buying an island in passing. He said Christopher was fond of the island and would frequently go there for short getaways.
"I never thought much of it at the time since Christopher had many properties, so another island didn't make a difference. Now that I think about it, there must be something more to the island because of how often he heads over there in person. It's quite unusual, even for him. He must have been planning it for a while. That island must be his final hiding place!"
If anybody else came up with this theory, it would have just been speculation.
However, Yvonne was Christopher's confidant, so her theory was highly plausible.
"We're going right now! I'll pilot the helicopter!"
Justin's heart pounded violently against his chest.
His eyes were bloodshot. After he strapped a gun to his waist, he grabbed his phone and other equipment to prepare to leave. That was when Ralph and Declan rushed over to stop him at the door.
"No, you can't go!" Declan put his arms out to stop Justin. "There's been a typhoon warning around the region, issued by the officials. Starting tonight, all flights will be suspended for three days! You're going to die if you take a helicopter now!"
Justin's eyes were rabid. "In that case, I'll take a boat and go by sea!"
Frantic, Ralph started cussing. "You bloody fool! How is that any better? I know you want to find Bella, but you shouldn't lose your life trying to find her! We all know you're anxious, but you have to calm down!
"It's been so many days. If something was going to happen to Bella, it would have happened long ago! So what if you have to wait three more days? If you go now, there is a 99% chance something bad is going to happen. I don't want to have to lose another family member!"
Ralph's eyes were also red as he spoke. Upon hearing his caution, Justin suddenly blurted out, "You said 99 %. There's still a 1% chance that it would work out."
Justin could not control his surging emotions. He felt as if something was jammed in the middle of his throat. "As long as there is a sliver of chance, I will save Bella, even if I have to risk my life!"
He was born as stubborn as a mule, and there was no use trying to persuade him.
The only person who could ever hope to persuade him was not by his side, and Justin was on the verge of breaking down entirely at this point.
Asher was burning with anxiety. "Justin, please listen to us and wait just a little longer!"
"Wait?! It's been almost half a month! Now that we finally have a lead, you're telling me to wait again?!" Justin growled with exaggerated movements. "You want me to wait three more days?! What if Christopher suddenly loses it and hurts Bella? What if he knows we are on his tail? What if he takes her somewhere else?! Do you lot have any idea how big the world is? Where do you suppose I go to find her at that point?!" Everyone fell silent.
They were just as aware of this.
However, there was only so much that mere mortals could do in the face of destructive natural phenomena.
"I'll go with you." Drew took a step forward and fixed a resolute look on Justin's pale complexion. He suddenly grinned and became more confident than ever. "We go way back, don't we? If it's anyone who should come with you, it's me!"
Justin was touched. "Drew..."
Yvonne looked at Drew's imposing figure from behind, her eyes slowly welling up with tears.
It was a mix of nerves, admiration, and deep affection.
Needless to say, there was a lot of concern mixed within as well.
After all, she had lived in Sentania for years and was familiar with how dangerous the typhoon in the region could get. The slightest mistake could get someone killed!"
"Screw it... What else is there to say at this point? I'm a police officer. I should be the one leading the charge! I'm coming too!" Ralph stepped up and declared while thumping his chest.
The younger siblings could get away with making a rash decision, but the elder siblings could not afford the same rashness. Declan and Asher were still strongly against the idea of them setting out to sea in the middle of a typhoon.
"Justin, Drew."
Edward stepped forward with a grave look on his face and advised them gently. "We know there's no stopping you at this point.
"I had someone check with the meteorological department. They told us there will be a brief opening at around midnight. The winds will slow slightly, and the tides will subside briefly. So if you insist on doing this, that is the best time to leave.
"It takes about four hours to sail to the island. It's too risky to fly there. Besides, you'll draw too much attention with a helicopter and risk alerting Christopher. We don't know if he has manned the island with artillery weapons yet, so it's not a risk that you should take.
"I don't recommend anyone else to go because there is only a two-hour window before the typhoon comes raging again. If the situation changes, all of you are going to be stuck in the middle of the sea with nowhere to go.
"Justin and Drew, you two should stay low after getting on the island and scope out the situation first. Figure out if Bella is on the island and remember to keep in close contact with us. We will head over there to offer backup."
Edward spoke as a President should. He was pragmatic, composed, and considered all factors. This was an ability that was far above the common man.
Justin himself had already considered the points he had stated. This was why he wanted to head to the island stealthily to look for Bella.
If he mobilized large forces, he would risk alarming Christopher. He was afraid that the madman would lose his mind and do something rash to hurt Bella.
"Justin, Drew, get ready. We're setting sail."
Asher gulped with great difficulty and went up to hug both of them in turn before saying solemnly," Promise me that you two will return safely!"
###chapter2213
Chapter 2213
The last five days had been grueling for Bella. It was as if she was in hell.
She could not eat or drink anything. In just half a month, she had wilted significantly. When she sprawled herself out on the bed, her shoulder blades poked through like the wings of a butterfly about to take flight.
It was a sight that evoked pity and sympathy.
One would be filled with the desire to cradle her in one's arms and never let her leave again.
For the last five days, she had been in a permanently nervous state. She only allowed herself to take short naps and avoided falling asleep because she was terrified of never waking up again.
She was also afraid of what Christopher would do to her.
So far, he had only been hugging her and kissing her. However, there was no guarantee that something inside him would snap without warning. If so, he would do something profane to her during such an outburst.
It was just past midnight. The sky was ominously dark, and the wind was roaring.
Christopher injected himself with a shot of adrenaline in the study before dragging his lethargic body outside.
Then he met with Jace, who was leaning against the wall along the dark corridor. Christopher drew to a stop and gulped the metallic scent of blood in his mouth before asking, "Did you need something?"
"I don't think your wedding is going to happen."
Jace stared icily at Christopher's bloodless complexion and continued with a rigid look in his eyes." Someone tipped us off that the coordinates of the island have been leaked. There is a high chance that Miss Thompson's family and Justin are on their way already. The Boss wants me to take Miss Thompson away from this place."
Christopher had never been delusional enough to believe that he could keep Bella imprisoned here for life. However, he thought he would at least get to spend the final moments of his life together with her. He was not expecting Justin and the others to find the place so quickly.
Christopher clenched his jaw tightly and swallowed a trace of blood. "When?"
"The sooner the better."
"Just Bella?"
"Were you expecting me to take you too?" Jace chuckled. "Look at you now. Do you think you can protect her at all? You don't have much time left. Do you think you can still be of use to the Boss? This is a beautiful island. The weather is usually pleasant too. It's a good place for ceremonies, both weddings and funerals alike."
Was Jace hinting that Christopher should be buried here?
How cruel.
However, Christopher knew he should not protest anymore. He was nothing but a burden.
He should accept his fate and fade away quietly.
"There is a typhoon raging out there. You can't leave just yet." Christopher tried his best to keep her longer. "Even if you have a death wish, don't drag Bella into it."
"Don't worry, if the Boss wants her, I'll make sure she gets brought to him even if I have to die for it." Jace angled his wrist to check the time on his watch. "I will take Miss Thompson tomorrow morning," "That's more than enough..."
"What?"
"There is more than enough time for a wedding."
Christopher pressed a hand against his chest and braced himself against the wall while he dragged himself toward the bedroom.
Jace stared at Christopher's desolate, withered figure from behind. An indiscernible look flashed in his
eyes.
Bella was not sure how long she had been lurking in the dark, listening to the whistle of the raging wind. At last, she could not withstand the wave of sleepiness anymore. Her brain was muddled. She was just about to close her eyes when she heard a raspy voice calling her name.
"Bella."
It was Christopher's voice.
She woke up with a start. The silk nightgown soaked with cold sweat stuck to her skin, accentuating her slender waist.
Bella leaned forward and tried to hide. Immediately after that, the man grabbed onto her ankles and pulled her toward him.
Then he lifted her by the waist and embraced her tightly in his arms.
"No need to dress up, Bella. You are beautiful as you are. You are always so effortlessly beautiful." Christopher gently kissed her ear. His voice drawled into the tunnels of her ear and seemed to scorch her from the inside.
"What... What are you trying to do?" Bella trembled in his arms.
"We are getting married." Christopher's ashen lips rubbed against the skin of her neck. His eyes became bloodshot. Every word he spoke drummed into her heart. "Marry me, Bella. We are going to see our wedding through."
###chapter2214
Chapter 2214
"What did you say...? Wedding... Now?!"
Bella was trembling all over. She shoved Christopher's chest and stared outside at the trees. The shadows they cast fluttered in the wind. She wished she had misheard him because of the roaring wind outside.
"Yes, right now." Christopher looked at her solemnly, his eyes laced with affection.
Her enchanting eyes widened, and her heart nearly stopped right then and there.
Why was he suddenly proposing a wedding in the middle of the night, in such ominous weather?
Could this mean that his hidden lair had been exposed and he had grown desperate?
Could this mean Justin and the others finally found her? This must be why Christopher was suddenly in such a hurry to get married!
Christopher settled Bella back on the bed and leaned over to pick up a pair of crimson high heels on the floor that he had prepared earlier. He carefully tucked her dainty and pale-white feet into the shoes. "When I was little, my mother told me that girls who get married in stormy weather are the feisty ones." Christopher fixed a look on her delicate features with a grave look in his eyes. Then he gently pressed his lips against her cheeks in a manner that barely resembled a kiss. "Do you see how bad it is storming outside? It's true that you have quite a sharp temper. After we get married, I want you to keep me in line. I like it when you get angry at me and when you have your outbursts. That's how I know you care about me."
The more he spoke, the more choked up his voice became. His eyes gradually reddened several shades as well.
'He must be mad!' Bella thought to herself. She let Christopher caress her all he wanted while she remained still and rigid in his arms.
Still, she gritted her teeth and endured it. She had been tolerating him for long enough, and she would have wasted all her patience if she were to lash out at him now.
Justin was going to find her. She was sure he would!
Christopher removed his suit and wrapped it around her shivering body. Then he picked her up in a princess carry and advanced toward the rose garden.
There was no wedding dress to speak of, nor were there any relatives to observe the ceremony.
The wedding he was to give her would just be like a microcosm of his life, full of regrets and shortcomings.
Still, marrying her and cementing his place as her husband was his lifelong wish.
Christopher was going to see the wedding through even if God opposed it.
The rose garden was protected underneath a glass shed. However, it hardly offered much sense of protection due to the raging storm outside. It felt as if the structure was going to collapse at any given
moment.
There was nothing resembling the exuberant spirit a married couple should have.
Outside the garden stood a row of helpers and the other hired men.
Jace was among them. He stood at the front without a trace of emotion on his face.
He watched as Bella stumbled along, with Christopher keeping a death hold around her waist. As the couple walked across the field of blood-red roses scattered on the ground, Jace noted the pain, hatred, and sorrow written across Bella's face.
As beautiful as she was, Bella was also broken inside.
The sight brought an inexplicable feeling that came over Jace. He felt uncomfortable all over, making him frown.
Soon, a man dressed in a pastor's robe approached.
Christopher held tightly onto Bella and forced her to turn around to face Jace, who was standing nearby. "Mr. Bailiff, this way, please."
A sharp look came across Jace's frown, but he obliged nonetheless.
"I have heard Bella referring to you as family. I suppose you do resemble her brother who passed away in an accident."
Christopher continued clenching Bella's waist. He put on a sincere smile. "Since Bella has been away from home for so long, she must miss her family. This is why I decided that you should be the witness to our marriage. I'm sure she will be relieved to have you around. After all, nothing feels like home here." Bella stared at him with stark disbelief. A seething red glow shone in her eyes.
###chapter2215
Chapter 2215
Christopher seemed to have taken Bella's feelings into account and did this to accommodate her and express his thoughtfulness.
However, all Bella felt was disgust.
He was psychotic!
"Is this supposed to be some kind of joke?" Jace spoke while glancing at Bella, whose complexion was sickly and pale. Then he looked at Christopher, who seemed eager for approval, before chuckling. "I am not Miss Thompson's relative, and I am not your friend either. Why should I be your witness? Having to be here and watch this entire thing go down is jarring enough for me, and now you're expecting me to be a part of it? Quit mocking me."
Bella's eyes were swelling with tears at this point. She cast a pitiful look at Jace.
Jace blinked sporadically before turning away from Bella's gaze.
He could not decide if he had done it because he simply did not want to meet her eyes or he simply could not stomach seeing her in such a state.
Despite Jace's refusal, Christopher was not upset. He continued to cast a doting look at the woman lying stiffly in his arms. Then he grew exuberant again at the thought that he was about to become married.
"It doesn't matter. I have the heaven and the earth as my witness. That is more than good enough."
His voice choked, and he seemed to be at the point of tears. He then looked up at the goddess statue that stood tall and mighty over them.
The eyes of the statue were slightly narrowed. It stood as a symbol of all things beautiful and holy. He had ordered it to be carved after Bella's features.
Outside the glass shed, the trees were shaking violently amidst the raging wind.
The wedding had an awfully grim and depressing tone.
"With the heaven and earth as my witness, I, Christopher Iverson, shall take Bella Thompson as my wife." Christopher forcefully pried Bella's fingers and made her interlace her fingers with his. Then he continued to declare in a jarringly hoarse voice, "From this day onward, I shall love her through all circumstances, through the times of joy and all the mundanity of life. I will always protect her and never leave her, no matter what happens. I will love her forever until my heart stops beating."
Trails of tears streamed down Bella's colorless cheeks. She wanted to pry her hands away, but she could not manage to, no matter how hard she yanked away.
This was no wedding. This was torture! She felt as if she were thrown into a pit of fire, burned alive.
Toward the end of the wedding, the storm eased slightly.
Bella was completely drenched by the rain and seawater splashed up by the wind.
After Christopher took her back to the room, she shivered from the cold.
"Bella, let's go take a shower. I'll hold you." Christopher suggested while lowering himself to plant a kiss on her forehead.
Bella's eyes were red with resentment. She turned toward him and snapped at him. "No, I don't want to
He watched as Bella stumbled along, with Christopher keeping a death hold around her waist. As the couple walked across the field of blood-red roses scattered on the ground, Jace noted the pain, hatred, and sorrow written across Bella's face.
As beautiful as she was, Bella was also broken inside.
The sight brought an inexplicable feeling that came over Jace. He felt uncomfortable all over, making him frown.
Soon, a man dressed in a pastor's robe approached.
Christopher held tightly onto Bella and forced her to turn around to face Jace, who was standing nearby. "Mr. Bailiff, this way, please."
A sharp look came across Jace's frown, but he obliged nonetheless.
"I have heard Bella referring to you as family. I suppose you do resemble her brother who passed away in an accident."
Christopher continued clenching Bella's waist. He put on a sincere smile. "Since Bella has been away from home for so long, she must miss her family. This is why I decided that you should be the witness to our marriage. I'm sure she will be relieved to have you around. After all, nothing feels like home here." Bella stared at him with stark disbelief. A seething red glow shone in her eyes.
###chapter2216
 
Christopher was not going to touch her at all.
That was because he loved her so much that he was afraid of hurting her. He did not have the heart to do so.
Furthermore, he was just as much aware of how informal and improper the wedding was. It was completely absurd to begin with. However, he could not accept that Bella would not at least go along with the arrangement, knowing that he was nearing his death.
He was anguished that she would not do the bare minimum for him.
Bella watched as he removed his shirt and exposed the pale white skin of his chest.
Beads of sweat trickled down his body, which was flushed red from the excitement coursing through his veins.
Her eyes widened in horror while her cheeks flushed red from a mix of horror and embarrassment.
The pain was beyond description. She could feel every pore of her skin and every inch of her nerves burning.
Christopher shifted his bony fingers toward her nightgown and prepared to tear it off.
Just as he was about to do so, he caught a gleam of light reflected off a metallic surface. His breathing stopped in an instant.
Bella produced a sharp knife out of nowhere and pressed it against his chest before he could even react.
She only needed to nudge the blade forward to plunge it into his heart!
"Bella, where did you get this from?' After Christopher recovered from his shock, he smiled gently and seemed bizarrely composed.
"If you dare to touch me... I will kill you!"
Bella's eyes were red while she cried out at the top of her lungs. Her fingers trembled as they tightened around the knife.
The other day, when she went to see Jace, he had forgotten to put away the fruit knife he used to cut apples with and left in a hurry. She took the chance to swipe the knife and kept it under her pillow the entire time.
Christopher had injected her with a small amount of anesthetic. Though she could still manage small movements, she could hardly exert any strength.
This gesture alone had used up all her strength.
If Christopher touched her at all, she swore that she would kill him.
Christopher grinned. An eerily tender look came upon his eyes as he began to lean forward again.
He slowly pressed down on her, allowing the tip of the blade to sink into his flesh.
"You...?!" Bella was so astounded that she could hardly hold the knife steady.
“Bella, I don't have long to live anyway." Christopher shuddered from the pain while blood slowly streamed from the tip of the knife. “I have a terminal illness, and I am going to die soon. Will you at least offer me some comfort in my final moments?"
"You have done so many terrible things... You killed so many innocent people. This is what you deserve!"
Bella cried out furiously with tears in
her eyes. "How dare you still think
you deserve sympathy in your final moments? Dream on! The only
reason you were in such a rush toet
hold a wedding is because you found out that your location has been exposed and that you can't Keep hiding much longer, will make S sure you are captured alive! I want you to confess all the terrible things you have done. It's the only way your victims can rest in peace!" 
She never planned to confront him directly in such a dramatic fashion, until she realized that Christopher was determined to make her his woman in his final moments.
She belonged to Justin.
She would much rather die than allow herself to be tainted by Christopher.
"Yes, you're right." Christopher

suddenly burst out laughing. His haggard and bony features were twisted sadistically as he howled with laughter. "But Bella, you of all people should know that I am a twisted man. I am the devil I can't have you, Justin shouldn't think about it either!" 
With that, he snatched the knife away in one swift gesture. He seemed completely unfazed even when the blade slashed his chest, leaving behind a deep gash.
"Ugh!"
Immediately after that, he subdued Bella's wrists by pinning them above her head. Then he pressed his lips against hers and suffocated her with his lustful kisses.
It was as if he wanted to devour every part of her and fuse her body into his forever.
*
The night was coming to an end, and the first light of dawn was about to break.
A speedboat had broken through the turbulent waves, drawing closer to Rose Island.
Soon, it docked by the shore.
Justin and Drew hopped off the boat in turn. The suits they wore were completely soaked with seawater.
Drew was also from a military academy and had a superior physique to show for it. Despite that, the difficult journey on the sea overnight had completely drained him. His lips were colorless, and he was shivering from the cold.
He gritted his teeth and observed Justin.
Justin's complexion was pale, but he stood upright like a totem. He stood completely unbroken and seemed to defy the conventions of mere mortals. There was no trace of fatigue or any ounce of hesitation within him.
Drew sighed. He would never consider himself inferior to any man. But now, he had to yield to Justin.
"This is not a small island. It's going to be very hard to scope the area with just the two of us. Do you want to try sneaking inside first?"
"No, we're marching right in there." Justin declared with a prating look in his eyes.
Drew was taken aback. "What?"
"I caught a figure somewhere in the woods just now. I'm sure someone is going to alert Christopher about our arrival very soon."
Justin scanned the vicinity with his eagle eyes. Then he unstrapped the gun at his waist and clenched it tightly. "Is just like you said, both of us cannot possibly scope the entire area. The best way to do this is to become the live bait and draw the viper out of its den!" 
###chapter2217
 
In the morning, a warm glow of sunlight was cast upon the entirety of Rose Island. The shore, filled with fine grains of pure white sand, reflected the sunlight off its surface.
Meanwhile, the window of Bella's bedroom was covered with a layer of heavy and velvety curtains. Its fabric was so thick that sunlight could barely prate through it.
For someone who had to endure a devastating, grueling experience all night, such a setting was the perfect place to fall asleep until the end of time. Christopher, on the other hand, managed to wake up very early.
He was jolted awake by a nightmare and woke up drenched in cold sweat.
When he opened his eyes, his complexion was pale and sickly. The first thing he did was to shift his trembling hands to the side to feel for a body. Soon, his touch reached Bella's soft and supple body. He sighed in relief upon feeling her presence and sat himself upright on the bed.
The bedsheets were sprawled out haphazardly on the bed.
It was not the product of their consummation but Bella's determined and relentless struggle all night.
In the end, Christopher forced himself to suppress his desire and keep away from her.
He leaned listlessly against the head of the bed and stared at the delicate features of the sleeping woman.
A smile containing what seemed like relief and happiness graced the corners of his cracked and pale lips. Then he slowly and gently stroked Bella's cheeks.
He was reluctant to part with her. Countless other emotions swirled within him.
"How am I supposed to look into those eyes and transform all of my doubts into trust? When can I hold your hand tightly in mine and kiss you?" His fingertips gently grazed against the tip of Bella's dainty nose as he chanted a love song he was familiar with.
His chest felt suffocated, and every note he sang was off-key. It was horrendous.
Bella could not hear him.
Despite that, he realized that this was going to be his last chance to sing to her.
"Good morning, Bella." Christopher leaned over and pecked a kiss on her forehead.
He wished he could address her as Mrs. Iverson.
For some reason, he could not bring himself to say it.
Deep down, he realized that despite the wedding and having spent the night in the same bed, Bella would never truly belong to him, not even for a fleeting moment.
He knew he was nearing his end and did not want to spend it in delusions.
Then there was a knock on the door. The maid entered with a tray.
"Mr. Iverson, it's time for you to take your medicine."
As soon as the maid approached Christopher, she noticed the hideous knife wound on his chest. She was so terrified by the sight that her eyes widened, and she nearly dropped the tray. Mr. Iverson! You're injured! I'll caffa doctor to dress the wound!" 
"It's fine. No need for that."
The wound was completely exposed and may very likely be infected.
In the face of such a threat, all Christopher did was lower his eyes and pick up the gold-rimmed glasses on the bedside table to put them on, as if it were not a big deal. His eyes were bloodshot, and his vision was blurry. 
Then he took several painkillers and swallowed them all. He followed it up by picking up another bottle of epinephrine and injected himself with it in a practiced fashion. 
To be precise, it was the searing pain that woke him up.
Every throb of pain he felt coursing through his body seemed to mimic the ticking of a clock, foretelling the final moments of his life on this earth. "Christopher."
He heard a deep and grave voice.
He glanced in the direction of the voice with narrowed eyes and found Jace's towering figure walking up to him.
"It's time to wake up from your fantasy. Justin and Drew have landed on the island. The Boss has given orders to evacuate Miss Thompson from the island immediately."
###chapter2218
 
Christopher was absurdly calm given the circumstances. He stared intently at Bella, who was still sleeping soundly. "You can take Bella away, but not now."
A sharp look came upon Jace's eyes. "Are you going to defy the Boss's orders?"
“Like I said, you can do it, but not now." Christopher suddenly covered his mouth and coughed violently.
When he removed his hand from his mouth, he clenched his fingers which were smeared with fresh blood. "So much has happened between us, all that love and resentment... Today is the time that I will finally settle the score with Justin after drawing it out for so long. What am I to do if Bella is not by my side at such a crucial moment?"
Jace's eyebrows were locked into a tight frown. He cast a puzzled look at the madman who seemed to have lost his senses in his final hours.
"What are you going to do?"
"I know that the Boss has always had feelings toward Bella. He just was never willing to express them."
Christopher stopped coughing, then he started to slowly and gracefully button up his shirt as if this was just another ordinary day. "But like me, he will never have her heart, even if he does manage to claim her. It's all just a fantasy. Reality always wins in the end. Her heart will always belong to Justin, unless..."
Something icy gleamed in Jace's eyes, and then he asked in a grim voice, “Unless?"
"Jace, if you do swear loyalty to the boss, I want you to do as I say."
Upon reaching this note, Christopher took Bella's hand and lowered himself to kiss the smooth back of her hand. He lovingly stroked her skin with the tips of his fingers before declaring, "Consider this my last action to repay the boss for saving my life."
The terrain of Rose Island was not as rugged as the other undeveloped islands.
Justin and Drew nimbly cut across the jungle at breakneck speed. They were agile as panthers and ferocious as a pair of tigers.
Both of them were top graduates of the military academy. Justin was especially experienced in being deployed in field operations in the wilderness.
As long as Bella had not been secretly evacuated from the island yet, it was only a matter of time before they found her.
Before they delved into the jungle,
they had gotten in touch with Asher and sent him the coordinates of the island through the Sky Eye surveillance system. He had
subsequently scanned the vicinity of the island for more intel. 
There were no other yachts or speedboats detected along the coast.
Even if Christopher were to put Bella on a boat to get away, he could barely get out of Sentania's seas before they locked onto his position.
In other words, his only option for escape was by using a plane.
However, the island was relatively small, and the roar of the engine would nearly instantly give away his position.
"Justin, there's a big villa up ahead!"
Drew had been scouting the area with his binoculars and spotted a white building covered with a bramble of vines burrowed deep within the jungle. Justin took the binoculars from him and scoped the same area. He could feel his heart beating like a drum against his chest, ready to burst out. "Do you think Bella and Christopher are in there?!"
Drew's eyes glowed with hope. His voice was trembling with equal agitation and hope. "We have been running around here for long enough and haven't been able to spot a building until now. This has to be it!" 
Justin was wearing a pair of black military gloves. He balled his hand into a fist and thumped it against his chest while calling out. "Send our location to your brother! We're going to go in there and investigate!" 
As soon as he spoke, both of them stiffened and stopped at the same time.
They heard the crunch of boots against snapping branches. It sounded especially eerie in the middle of the quiet jungle.
Soon, they spotted Jace, dressed in a black T-shirt, black overalls, and boots. There was a foreboding sense of doom emanating from him as he walked out of the depths of the jungle and approached the two intruders.
Every measured step he took was filled with murderous intent.
He brazenly exposed himself without the slightest consideration for stealth. It seemed as if he was completely unconcerned about Justin and Drew recognizing him.
###chapter2219
Chapter 2219
The sheer impact of Jace's familiar face was momentous for both Drew and Justin.
Drew widened his eyes in utter disbelief. His iris quaked in his eyes as he cried out exasperatedly, "Hugh! Is that you, Hugh?!"
Jace stared at him expressionlessly, his eyes completely still.
"Drew, calm down. Take a closer look!"
Justin was just as astounded.
For his part, he had never met Wyatt's fifth son. His only encounter with this man was through a family portrait, where he could identify the handsome captain. He was able to suppress his turbulent emotions and remarked with a tense expression, "Didn't he die in a plane crash? Even after all these years, they could not find his body at all. How could he still be alive?! This person looks like Hugh, but that's all there is to it. This must be one of Christopher's tricks to stall us! Pull yourself together, Drew. Don't let yourself be fooled by such a cheap trick!"
Jace frowned upon hearing the rational deduction provided by Justin.
Another one of them. No, two of them this time.
The man named Hugh had so many relatives and friends. Despite having been dead for more than four years, there were still countless people who missed him dearly.
After his argument with Bella the other day, he searched for more information about Hugh to acquaint himself with the facts.
This was the first time he could remember himself developing such a deep interest in another person.
Soon, he found the picture of handsome Hugh dressed in a tailored uniform befitting a captain. His eyes were sharp, and he wore a handsome, beaming smile.
Upon seeing the picture, Justin felt a strange feeling surging inside him. He had a sense that there was something indescribable drawing him toward this person.
How could it be possible?
His name was Jace Bailiff, an orphan since birth who had always worked for Grant Salvador. He was a professional hitman.
The only thing Jace had in common with Hugh was their appearance.
The world was a big place. There must be many people who resembled Hugh as well.
"Justin, I grew up with all of my brothers, and I have always been closest to Hugh!"
Drew stared at the man in front of him without even daring to blink. He became so emotional that he could hardly curb his reaction. "No one knows Hugh better than me. That's him! There's no mistaking it!"
"I am not him." Jace stared at them expressionlessly, his tone neutral. "I am not the man you are talking about. Still, I suppose dying at the hands of your so-called 'brother' will offer you some solace."
Before he even finished speaking, his figure seemed to vanish before their eyes. A blur of a shadow suddenly charged toward Drew.
"Watch out!"
Justin's forehead was pouring with sweat. His hawk-like eyes were fixed on the moving target as he aimed
the barrel of his gun and prepared to unload a bullet on Jace.
He placed first in shooting back in the academy and was beyond excellent at hitting moving targets.
Jace was fast as lightning, but despite that, he was confident there was a 90% chance he could gun him down.
"Justin! Don't shoot!"
Drew cried out frantically before feeling a rush of murderous intent descending upon him. Something silver gleamed before him.
A sharp dagger swiped right before his eyes and missed him by a hair's breadth.
Fortunately, Drew was a trained fighter with good instincts and dodged just in time. Otherwise, he would have been blinded.
"Drew!" Justin was stunned.
How could this man be Hugh?!
This man was a ruthless killer with nothing but murder in his eyes. He could not possibly be Hugh!
Jace did not hold back in his attack and was surprised that Drew even managed to dodge it at all.
He suddenly flashed a sadistic grin at the thought of finally encountering a formidable opponent. Without warning, the bloodthirsty tip of the dagger sliced across the air toward Drew again.
This time, Jace was aiming for the neck.
"Justin! Go!"
Drew nimbly dodged out of the way again and cried out, "His job is to stall us and buy time for Christopher! He must be trying to get Bella away from the island!I'll hold him back. Go save Bella!"
Midway through his sentence, he dodged to the other side and narrowly avoided death again!
This man, who seemed like Hugh's doppelganger, was coming at Drew with the intent to kill every time. This was not the first time Drew had encountered such a skilled fighter in his long career.
Men like this were trained to be killing machines. Every attack they initiated was lethal. They spared no fuss nor added any flair to their attacks, and every move they took was optimized to kill.
One hit was all they needed.
Despite that, Drew still had a feeling that there was a distinct lack of aggression. It seemed as if this man was not truly out to kill him.
Besides, why bother with a knife if the goal was to eliminate him?
The island was this man's territory. If he had ambushed them with a machine gun, they were bound to get hit at least once, no matter how sharp their senses were!
Justin felt a burst of emotion, and then he steeled his spirit and called out, "Hang in there, Drew! The others will get here very soon!"
Drew dodged another slash and even managed to flash an "okay" gesture at Justin.
It certainly inspired confidence.
Justin felt like his heart was about to leap out of his throat. He forced himself to calm down and ran toward the villa as fast as he could.
###chapter2220
Chapter 2220
Justin clenched his teeth tightly and sprinted as fast as he could.
He was charging so quickly that the bramble of sharp branches sliced against his cheeks, but he could not be bothered about the minor cuts.
He kept running to the point where his legs had been conditioned to run ahead mechanically.
The only thing that kept him going forward was his conviction to rescue Bella.
Justin could not tell how long he had been running. By the time he arrived at the entrance of the villa, his legs were trembling underneath him. Even a gentle breeze was enough to make his tall and striking figure
sway.
Anyone else would have completely expired by this point and lay crumpled on the ground without the strength to get up again.
There were no guards stationed outside the villa. It was eerily quiet.
Justin took a deep breath and clenched his gun tightly.
His leather boots tapped against the white stone floor as he began to advance toward the door.
With a grave look in his eyes, Justin vigilantly pushed the door open and stepped into the luxurious living room.
His heartbeat accelerated rapidly. He had never been in such an extreme state of focus and tension.
That was when he caught a distinct scent.
It was something primal that could only be explained as intuition.
Only the most elite soldiers who had honed their natural senses and were professionally trained could develop such an acute ability to gauge the level of threat surrounding them.
Suddenly, he caught a faint glimpse of light flashing across the room.
Bang!
Without waiting for the assassin lurking in the dark to make the first move, Justin initiated first.
He knew he had to conserve his bullets, so he only fired a single shot. It was a direct hit against the sniper's forehead, whose lifeless body tipped over the railing on the second floor and fell down. Bang! Bang!
Two more gunshots rang out. Justin dodged just in time for the bullets to hit the ground at his feet.
He pranced around in the living room, using the table, wall, cabinets, and whatever he could as cover from the lurking snipers.
In the blink of an eye, the living room had transformed into a "dance floor".
Soon, more than a dozen bodies sprawled everywhere.
Justin was drenched in sweat. He clenched his jaw to sharpen his focus and swapped the magazine within two seconds.
"Justin! Save me!"
Suddenly, he heard Bella's penetrating cry echo through the concrete walls of the living room.
"Bella!"
His bloodshot pupils shrank as he felt his blood rush to his head.
"Justin... Save me.... Get me out of here!"
Bella's anguished cries cut into his heart like a sharp dagger, as if he was being skinned alive.
His chest rose and fell heavily with every drag of breath he took. His head throbbed from a combination of agitation and heartache, and his vision blurred in an instant.
Whoosh--!
"Ugh!"
Justin was thrown off by Bella's sudden cry, so he lost his focus in the heat of the moment. A sniper took advantage of the split second and managed to land a shot on his left shoulder.
A burst of red blood gushed out from the wound, followed by a searing pain that ran across Justin's body. All the color drained from his face in an instant, and he nearly slumped over.
His left shoulder had once sustained a serious injury when he was rescuing Bella in South Island.
This bullet plunged viciously into the same spot. Mere words could not describe the pain.
However, he had no time to care about the pain. He fired three scattered shots in the direction where the bullet came from.
The final foe was gunned down right then and there.
"Heh... Hahaha!"
This time, it was no longer Bella's frantic cry but Christopher's familiar and sinister sneer. His voice was rabid, filled with angst and madness. "I knew it! The only way to get to you is by using Bella. She is the only one that can throw you out of your focus and disorient you. I should have used her against you first. That way I wouldn't have lost a dozen of my men."
The voice he heard just now was not Bella's.
It was Christopher who used an intricate device to fabricate Bella's voice. It was just as he claimed, Bella was Justin's only weakness. She was the only one who could distract him!
He had walked right into the trap.
"Christopher, you sneaky rat! Quit hiding in the darkness and come out here to face me!"
Despite blood still oozing out of the fresh wound on his shoulder, Justin stood upright and composed himself. "You have been hiding in the darkness all your life. Are you still going to keep doing that at such a critical moment? Come on out and settle this once and for all!"
"I was with Bella just now, so I didn't have time to deal with you."
Christopher smiled mockingly. "That's why I had my men arrange a welcome ceremony for you. How was it? Did you like it?"
The sheer mention of "I was with Bella" made every nerve and muscle twitch inside Justin's body. All his veins bulged to the surface as he roared. "Christopher! Give Bella back to me!"
###chapter2221
Chapter 2221
"Give her back to you? Haha..."
Christopher's tone was cold and disdainful, gloomy and sinister. "Justin, Bella belonged to me from the beginning. You snatched her away. You shamelessly possessed her but didn't cherish her, letting her suffer pain and grievance, lose her child, and strip away her right to become a mother!"
Justin felt as if his throat was strangled. He gasped for breath, and his heart ached terribly.
Those words hit his chest like a bullet, creating a hole that could never heal. Blood oozed out cruelly and continuously.
He knew Christopher was messing with his mind, provoking him, and trying to break down his mental defenses.
Justin wanted to calm down, but everything Christopher said was true.
He could not escape, his body trembling slightly from the pain, and his heart, filled with regret, sank lower and lower, falling into the abyss.
"You nearly ruined the rose I love most. She almost wilted because of you! Justin, you don't deserve to be by Bella's side. Your belated love is worthless. If she were not bewitched, deceived, and fooled by you, she would have been with me a long time ago, and we would be married.
"I will love her, cherish her, and spoil her... I'm willing to destroy everything for another second with her. She's the only person in my heart. Can you do the same? You hesitate and waver. You're cautious to a fault, and you can't even see your own feelings. You're so dirty that it disgusts me. What right do you have to spend your life with Bella?"
As he spoke, Christopher laughed uncontrollably again, his laughter echoing in the luxurious but eerie cage.
"But luckily, after all the twists and turns, the person who won the title of Bella's husband is still me." The man's trembling and hoarse voice was full of affection, with the aftertaste of having savored something sweet. "Now, Bella and I are truly married. Justin, we've had our wedding on this island of roses and shared a romantic wedding night. She is completely mine now. From now on, she is Mrs. Iverson."
"Shut up!" Justin panted heavily, as if he were suffocating. Physical and emotional pain overwhelmed him, cruelly and fiercely crashing into his crumbling soul like a violent wave.
His vision blurred with pain, and he shot wildly in the direction of Christopher's voice until he was out of bullets.
Justin squeezed his bloodshot eyes and tried to load another magazine, but his hands were trembling so much that he could not fit it in.
"Tsk, just look at you now." Christopher's tone was full of brazen mockery. "You called me a lunatic, but you're even worse off than me right now. Justin, what you wanted was merely a woman who belonged to you, someone pure and untouched. You're angry because I took Bella and seized something you thought was yours.
"Your love was not so great. Everything you've done that seems selfless was only to cover up your narrow- mindedness, insecurity, and dirty thoughts. It's a show for Bella. You can fool others, but not me."
Lies! No matter what Bella was like, Justin would still want her.
Justin merely hated the fact that he was too late and did not protect Bella properly, letting her go through so much suffering and pain.
He deserved to die a thousand times.
"Christopher... My love for Bella is not something you could judge." Justin bit the inside of his lip and regained his senses, his throat full of the metallic taste of blood. "Today, I will take Bella with me. If I can't, I'll trade my life to bring her home!"
The moment his determined words fell, his eyes welled up with tears.
For half a month, Bella had been with this devil-how had she endured every day and night? Just thinking about it made his world collapse.
There was a long silence from the other side.
"Fine. Justin, since you said so, I can't wait to see your sincerity." Christopher's voice suddenly turned cold and chilling, "Bella and I are at the rose garden behind the mountain. Come and prove your love for her!"
In the forest, Drew and Jace had exchanged over a hundred blows. Their fierce battle was locked in a stalemate.
Their movements were as fast as lightning, fists cutting through the air, radiating murderous intent.
Though the close combat was dangerous, it gave Drew more opportunities to observe this man who looked exactly like Hugh. He even found moments during their confrontation to ask questions.
"What's your name?"
"How old are you?"
###chapter2222
Chapter 2222
Drew berated Jace with so many questions.
"Do you have a family?"
"Can you fly a plane?"
Jace furrowed his brows deeply, his fists tightening. He was annoyed by Drew's questions, thinking to himself, 'At this moment of life and death, this man still had the leisure to ask him these boring
questions. Something is seriously wrong with him!'
Initially, Jace only wanted to hold Drew back. But with time, Jace felt that if he did not beat Drew up, he would not be able to vent out the frustration in his chest.
Therefore, his punches and kicks became fiercer.
Drew knew that dragging this out would not lead anywhere. He had to test him.
Even if someone lost their memories due to an accident and forgot everything, they might still retain ingrained habits and instincts.
"Look, there's a snake!"
Drew looked at the ground by Jace's feet and suddenly shouted!
The next second, the cold and murderous Jace instantly turned pale, and he quickly staggered a few steps back.
"Hugh... You're him! You are!" Drew's eyes lit up with joy.
Their fifth brother liked apples and often enjoyed sitting under an apple tree to read while munching on an apple.
Once, when they were younger, a small snake fell from the apple tree, landing on his head while hissing, scaring him so much he no longer dared to read under the tree for a long time.
Since then, Hugh has been especially afraid of snakes, even shuddering uncontrollably when he sees a wriggling earthworm.
Only the Thompson family knew about this. As a killer who lived on the edge and killed without blinking, how could Jace be afraid of a mere snake?
"Hugh... I'm Drew! Your brother!" Drew's eyes teared up, intense emotions choking up his throat. "Why did you lose your memories? Why don't you recognize me?!"
Seeing that there was no snake by his feet, Jace realized Drew had tricked him.
His face darkened, and he was about to attack, but an order suddenly sounded in his earpiece.
"Hugh!" Drew grew anxious. Just as he was about to step forward, Jace swiftly retreated, throwing a black to the ground.
Hiss-
Instantly, the forest was covered in thick white smoke, obscuring everything in sight.
It was tear gas!
Drew choked and coughed violently, tears streaming down his face uncontrollably. When he broke through the smoke, Jace was long gone.
Justin clutched the bloody wound on his left shoulder as he sprinted toward the rose garden. Nobody stood in his way, and no assassins attacked him.
It showed that the battle in the living room had depleted almost all of Christopher's remaining forces. Or perhaps, Christopher had set up a more devious trap, waiting for Justin to step right into it.
The rose garden loomed ahead, dazzling in the sunlight like a mesmerizing ruby that could enchant people.
From a distance, Justin's eyes were drawn to the statue of a goddess.
He immediately recognized Bella's face on the statue.
A sharp pain stabbed his heart, and he quickened his pace, entering the rose garden. Step by step, he walked toward the crystal-like glass conservatory.
Amidst the vibrant, fragrant roses, Bella wore a pure white lace wedding gown, sitting gracefully on a vintage red velvet sofa.
"Bella!"
Justin's blood boiled, surging through his veins as he ran toward her, disregarding everything else. He called her name repeatedly, but she had no response.
The breathtaking beauty, with her bare shoulder exposed, lay peacefully asleep, like a delicate white rose floating in a sea of red.
Just as Justin was one step away from the conservatory, Christopher, dressed in a pure black tuxedo, emerged behind the goddess statue, walking over to Bella's side.
###chapter2223
Chapter 2223
The two people who greeted Justin's bloodshot eyes looked like a perfect pair of bride and groom.
It was his first time seeing Bella in a wedding dress. Justin had imagined it countless times in his dreams, but he never expected a scene like this.
She was breathtakingly beautiful, like a snow sculpture. Her pure white dress contrasted starkly with the man's black suit.
Justin approached step by step, his heart twisting in agony with every inch closer. His injured shoulder bled profusely, leaving a trail behind him.
At that moment, Bella resembled a porcelain doll, meticulously dressed and displayed on a shelf for the admiration of the one who loved her most.
Justin could see her, but he could not touch her.
What should have been a blissful scene was filled with eeriness, cruelty, and a sinister undertone instead.
"Bella! I'm here!"
Justin shouted with all his might until his voice was hoarse, tears blurring his vision. "Bella, wake up! Wake up... Look at me!"
"Shhh-"
Christopher stood tall and imposing behind Bella, one hand resting on her bare shoulder. His other hand raised gracefully, pressing a finger on his pale lips. "Don't be so loud. My wife is asleep. Justin, you had Bella for three whole years. Did you ever put a wedding dress on her? Did you give her a wedding? She was your wife, but was she ever truly a bride? These happy moments she wanted to have even in her dreams, things you couldn't give her... I gave them all to her."
Christopher leaned down, his finger gently caressing Bella's delicate chin, gazing at her flawless face with deep affection. "That night, we were really happy. Perhaps Bella hasn't fully given her heart to me yet, but I believe that with time and how well I treat her, she'll eventually forget you and fall in love with me."
Christopher's words were like a dagger to Justin's heart, twisting inside painfully.
He failed to give Bella a grand wedding, and he never made her a bride with a happy moment she could cherish for a lifetime.
Justin had even taken away her right to become a mother.
All that filled him now were regrets.
The one responsible for all these regrets, the one who caused them all, was Justin, the one
who claimed to love Bella more than anyone.
Christopher continued looking at Bella, his emotions stirring even though she remained unresponsive.
The next second, he could not help but capture her lips, kissing her passionately, as if it were the end of the world.
Bang! Bang! Bang!
Justin's eyes were bloodshot, like a beast in pain, roaring as he fired his gun repeatedly at the glass conservatory.
Watching Christopher kiss Bella before his eyes was more painful than having his bones crushed or being skinned alive.
However, the bullets merely struck the glass and fell to the ground.
The conservatory was made of bulletproof glass, so an ordinary handgun could not break it. Justin exhausted another magazine. He gasped for breath, trying to reload the gun again. Christopher finally pulled away from Bella's lips and spoke coldly. "Don't waste your strength. The firepower you have can't break through this glass."
Justin's tall and strong body trembled. "Christopher... Enough with the talk! You're doing all of this just to get revenge on me! Bella is innocent. Let her go, and I'll stay. If you want to settle things, I'll give it to you!"
"Justin, I have no interest in your pathetic life." Christopher laughed mockingly. "I told you. I want to see how deep your love for Bella really goes. I want you to prove it to me."
With that, the statue behind him shifted, revealing a hidden passage underground. A maid carrying a tray walked up, respectfully approaching Christopher.
Justin could see a beautifully crafted redwood box on the tray.
His heart pounded uncontrollably, and a suffocating dread, worse than death, flooded his body.
Christopher picked up the box and opened it. Inside were three pills: white, gray, and black. "Here are three pills. This was the first and only wedding gift I received after bringing Bella to this island of roses."
Christopher picked up one of the pills, examining it closely. "The person who gave them to me said that if I fed these pills to Bella, she would belong to me forever."
Justin's bloodshot eyes widened, his steel-like fists pounding furiously on the glass wall.
"But I just couldn't bear to do it."
Christopher closed his hand around the pills, sighing softly. "Because that person also said that the person who took the pills would suffer from immense pain. I can't bear to let Bella
be the bearer of that. My heart is conflicted. I don't know what will happen to her if she takes them. I'm curious, though. So, I've come up with a solution-"
He held the exquisite box and stepped closer to Justin.
The two men locked eyes, separated only by the seemingly invisible glass wall.
On one side stood a man with pure malice, and on the other was a man with burning desperation.
"Take these three pills." Christopher's lips curled into a wicked smile. "Do that to prove your love for Bella."
###chapter2224

Justin stared at those three pills in shock.
The chilling dread, brought by the unknown, surged and churned through his heart.
Christopher was calculating, cunning, and cruel. Everything he said could easily be a clever manipulation of words.
Perhaps these pills were simply poison, and Christopher wanted to kill him without spilling any blood.
"If I take them all, will you let Bella go?" Justin parted his lips. His voice cracked and faltered.
Christopher smiled indifferently. "Yeah."
"Do you think I believe you? If you want to kill me, come out here yourself or send your lackeys to face me head-on. Or better yet, shoot me."
Justin slammed his fist on the glass again. "Don't try to trick me with this wicked method. I won't fall for it!"
"You choose." Christopher's smile deepened. "It's either you or her. Justin, the choice is yours."
Justin felt as if his heart was cut by a blade. He roared, "Christopher! Don't you dare touch Bella!"
"If you say so, you've already made your choice." Christopher picked up the black pill and left the other two to prevent Justin from trying something clever. "Just take this one. I don't want to make things difficult for you."
"Give me all of them!" Justin saw through his intentions and said without hesitation, "I'll do as you ask. Let Bella go!"
From the beginning, he knew he had no choice.
He feared Christopher would give Bella something harmful, and he was more afraid that if he resisted too much, Christopher would harm her.
His brothers were already on their way. By going along with Christopher's plan, he could buy them more time to rescue Bella.
Even if it was poison, he had to endure it.
Soon, the maid appeared before Justin with the box of pills, seemingly out of nowhere.
"Go on. Prove it to me."
Christopher's eyes gleamed with cold excitement behind his gold-rimmed glasses, like a venomous snake.
Justin lowered his eyes, tears hanging on his eyelashes as he stared at the three pills in his hand.
Time passed, second by second.
Just as Christopher was about to mock him unscrupulously, his eyes widened in shock.
Justin suddenly tilted his head back and swallowed all three pills at once without any hesitation.
At the same time, as if linked by an invisible connection, Bella's long eyelashes fluttered, and her slender fingers twitched involuntarily.
Christopher's pupils constricted in surprise.
No one could guess what effect the Boss's pills would have after being ingested, or what consequences might follow.
Justin swallowed them all in one go, not even taking them one by one. Was Justin really unafraid?
The man before him was restrained, strong, and fearless.
In comparison, other men in the world could only feel inferior, admiration, and respect for Justin.
Christopher threw his head back and laughed maniacally, tears of pain rolling down his face. Until today, he never believed his love for Bella was less than Justin's. But at this moment, he finally understood that the gap between them was immeasurable.
Even if he spent his whole life catching up or returned to the starting point, he could never compare to Justin.
After a moment, the pills began to take effect in Justin's body. His dark pupils shrank sharply before suddenly dilating.
Justin felt his eyeballs swelling, almost ready to pop out of their sockets. His heart pounded violently, and every nerve in his body screamed in rebellion, spiraling out of control.
"Ugh!" Justin moaned painfully as he finally could not hold on anymore, collapsing to his knees.
###chapter2225

It was not pain that felt like torn flesh.
However, it was like being ground down on a dull knife, slowly crushed by a torture device. It was ten times more agonizing than being killed outright.
Chaotic yet clear scenes, like a black-and-white film playing in reverse, swiftly flashed across Justin's turbulent mind.
He saw many people retreating and leaving-his father, mother, grandfather, Ryan, Carrie, his eldest brother...
He struggled to reach out, wanting to grasp them, even just one person.
But he could not grab hold of anything and could only helplessly watch as his loved ones and friends turned away and left him.
Finally, the image froze on Bella's beautiful face.
"Bella... Don't go..."
Justin cried as he sprinted toward her, using all his strength to hold her tightly.
But the next moment, Bella disintegrated into golden dust in his arms, scattering into the cold air.
"No!"
At last, Justin heard a beep in his ear, like everything resetting to zero.
Darkness consumed his vision, and he lost consciousness, collapsing to the ground.
Silence enveloped everything.
Christopher stood there with a rigid back, staring blankly at the man on the ground, his fate uncertain. His mind and body were shaken to their core.
At that moment, footsteps echoed behind him.
He slowly turned around to see Jace emerging from the underground passage, his expression cold as he picked up Bella.
"The Thompson family has landed on the island."
Jace turned his back on him, not even sparing him a glance, radiating unconcealed disgust toward him. "The Boss left you to clean this up. Chairman Iverson, you don't have any ions, do you?"
Christopher stood there stiffly, his face ashen. Though impeccably dressed, he was already broken beyond repair.
His value was exhausted, and he was used to the fullest. In the end, he was discarded like
trash.
The goddess statue slowly closed.
"Ha..."
Christopher shut his eyes and let out a bitter, self-mocking laugh. "My whole life has been one big mistake. If there's such a thing as reincarnation in this world..."
Before his words fell, a helicopter roared overhead, hovering above the greenhouse, blocking out the sky.
With a deafening boom, the seemingly indestructible greenhouse shattered and collapsed. The glass walls flew across the air.
Sharp shards sliced through Christopher's neck, face, and arms, but he did not even try to avoid them and stood still.
"Bastard! Go to hell!"
Drew rushed toward him with bloodshot eyes, delivering a flying kick that sent the zombie- like man crashing to the ground.
"I'll kill you... I'll kill you!"
Drew charged forward, stepping on Christopher's back, eyes bulging as he pulled out his gun and aimed it at the back of his head.
"Drew! Stop!"
Asher shouted in alarm, rushing over to push him away.
At the same time, a gunshot rang out-
Thanks to Asher's quick intervention, the bullet only pierced Christopher's left shoulder, just a few millimeters away from his head.
"Bella, I admit defeat." Christopher collapsed powerlessly on the ground, his face pressed to the floor, glancing at the unconscious Justin a few steps away.
With a bitter smile, he muttered, "I've completely lost... to him."
###chapter2226
Chapter 2226
In a mysterious mountaintop villa in Sentania, it was lush with greenery and scenic views.
The bedroom was dimly lit, and a calming fragrance emitted from an antique burner, the white smoke swirling, settling all restlessness, agitation, and noise into silence.
Bella lay peacefully on the soft, large bed, deep asleep.
She was still wearing her pristine, luxurious wedding dress, beautiful and fragile, so much so that one would hesitate to touch her. Even Sleeping Beauty would pale in comparison.
A tall and refined figure sat in a wheelchair, silhouetted against the light, quietly facing Bella's direction.
"Sir, I've checked her over. She doesn't have any external injuries." Having studied basic medicine, Clarice could manage a simple physical exam. "Her blood test results are out too. There's an anesthetic and sedative residue, but nothing harmful to her health."
She curled her lips slightly, her tone tinged with mockery. "I told you, Christopher loves her too much to poison her."
"Being cautious never hurts." Grant's elegant and handsome face softened, his voice clear and melodious. "It seems Ms. Bella has suffered quite a bit on the island. When I last saw her, my brother had kept her as radiant and delicate as a fine diamond. Now, she seems much thinner. But it doesn't matter. She's still breathtakingly beautiful."
"Sir, I've been with you for so long but rarely hear you compliment anyone."
Clarice's eyelid twitched. She tried to suppress her emotions but could not hide the slight bitterness in her tone. "You really care about Ms. Bella."
Grant's thin lips curled into a faint smile. "Are you jealous?"
Clarice bit her lip. "No..."
"Is that so? Or is it because you don't dare to?"
She lowered her head, utterly subdued. "No, and I wouldn't dare."
"Clarice, you are not inferior to others. If anything is lacking, it's that you're not patient enough, not calculating enough, and not calm enough."
Grant glanced at her with an ambiguous smile. "Don't forget what I told you to always keep on your mind."
"Don't get emotionally involved, don't fall in love, and don't look back."
Clarice gritted her teeth. "Without you, I wouldn't be reborn. Your constant guidance will stay with me forever, even in death."
"Emotions are unnecessary by my side. They lead to mistakes." Grant's deep eyes narrowed
slightly, like a hidden whirlpool. "What I need is only absolute loyalty."
He then asked Clarice to call in Jace, who was waiting outside.
"You worked hard this time. Your mission was completed very well." Grant smiled warmly, affirming Jace's efforts.
Jace's expression remained cold, neither joyful nor angry, as he respectfully bowed deeply to his boss.
However, his gaze involuntarily flickered toward the woman lying quietly on the bed.
Grant maneuvered his electric wheelchair out of the shadows and moved to the bedside. His long lashes lowered as he gazed at Bella's delicate sleeping face. He said, "When you took Ms. Thompson away, how was my brother?"
"Christopher gave Justin the three pills you gave him." Jace described monotonously without an expression. "Justin swallowed all three in front of him."
"What?!" Clarice's pupils constricted sharply as she looked anxiously at Grant.
Grant's handsome face remained as calm as ever, showing no discernible emotion.
After a moment, he chuckled lightly, completely at ease. "I guessed as much. Christopher loves Ms. Thompson too much to harm her."
At that moment, Jace suddenly asked, "Sir, what will happen to Justin after taking those three pills?"
Clarice was once again startled.
Since he was tamed by Grant, Jace had lost himself, becoming an emotionless "cleaner." He was always silent, indifferent to anyone or anything.
This was the first time in a long while that she had heard him ask the Boss a question.
"If it were anyone else, I could give you an answer. But if it's my brother, I really can't say for sure."
Grant looked at Jace's cold face, then smiled serenely, like the breeze over a clear moonlit night. "Justin's physique is different from ordinary people. He has more willpower, determination, and strength. Besides, his love for Ms. Thompson far surpasses Christopher's. So, who knows what will happen in the end? But I do hope Ms. Thompson's life can have a fresh start."
Clarice could not help but ask, "Sir, what do you plan to do next?"
Grant leaned down, gently touching the tip of Bella's delicate nose with his fingertip, as if afraid that even a slight force would break her.
"Send Ms. Thompson back."
"What? Send her back?!" Clarice's eyes widened in confusion. "If you never planned to keep her by your side, why did you go to all this trouble to bring her here?"
"Yes, why indeed?" Grant pondered for a moment and smiled faintly. "Maybe I just missed her and wanted to see her."
Clarice and Jace both fell silent. No one could ever fathom the Boss's true thoughts. He never revealed his heart, which was why he had no weaknesses.
"Clarice, get ready." Grant turned away, absentmindedly twisting the ring on his finger. It was a ring engraved with a phoenix logo, the crest of his mother's family, and a relic from her. "It's time for me to go home."
###chapter2227
Chapter 2227
Christopher was arrested by the Sentanian police force, and they discovered a large amount of drugs and firearms during the search on the island.
Relevant authorities confirmed that the beautiful and vibrant rose fields were once used for growing poppies.
The news of Christopher's arrest quickly spread throughout Sentania and made headlines domestically, becoming a trending topic.
The people of Sentania flooded social media with comments, all unanimously filled with excitement and passion, as if they were celebrating a national holiday.
Christopher's criminal power had once been a tightly woven net that cast a shadow over the once-clear skies of Sentania.
Christopher had disguised himself as a charitable businessman, but countless people had suffered oppression, harm, and defamation at his hands.
People were angry but too afraid to speak out.
Now, the malignant tumor had finally been removed and dealt with, fulfilling the people's hopes. The dark clouds over their sky had cleared, and light had returned.
Having long changed his citizenship to that of Sentania, Christopher was initially supposed to be judged by their courts for all his crimes.
However, considering his special status, the President granted a special order to have him extradited to his homeland, where he would face justice and accept his punishment.
The battle against the demon had been bloody and dangerous, with near-death experiences along the way.
But in the end, Christopher was utterly defeated. Evil did not triumph over righteousness.
However, the Thompson family was engulfed in a heavy cloud of gloom. Not a single person showed any sign of joy on their faces.
Despite searching across the island, there was no trace of Bella. Meanwhile, Justin, gravely injured, had been in a coma in the ICU for 48 hours.
The men continued searching relentlessly for Bella, while Asher, Edward, Camilla, and Yvonne remained by Justin's ward without leaving his side.
Even Ryan, in a distant country, rushed to stand guard over Justin. Fearing that Carrie would be frightened upon hearing that her brother was in a coma, Ryan secretly kept the news from her.
He first accompanied Carrie back to Savrow, ensuring everything was settled with Dean's help before making his way to Sentania without any distractions.
"Christopher was arrested, yet I had to find out from the news!"
Ryan was anxious and angry, his sturdy shoulders trembling as his eyes were red with fury. " Do you guys not think of me as a brother?! In such a crucial moment, you all kept me in the dark! I'm married, not dead! Don't you think that's a bit unfair?!"
Everyone was speechless. If it had been good news, his complaint might have made sense.
But this situation was life-threatening, and they had not told him because they were afraid he would be worried and hurt and that Carrie might not be able to handle it.
Yet, Ryan thought it was unfair, as if he had missed out on some huge opportunity. His logic was certainly unique.
"Ryan, I'm sorry." Asher stepped forward, carrying heavy eyebags and an exhausted expression. "But the situation developed so suddenly, and we were overwhelmed. Now, Justin is in a coma, and Bella is missing. We..."
"Asher, you don't need to say more. I understand." Ryan's eyes reddened, his voice catching in his throat, and his eyes brimmed with tears. "I just... I just feel terrible. When you needed help the most, I couldn't be there. I couldn't fight alongside you."
"We understand." Asher took a deep breath and embraced his dependable brother.
At this moment, the team of specialists examining Justin emerged from the ICU. Everyone immediately surrounded them, and Asher quickly asked, "How is he?"
"The situation is a bit strange," One professor said thoughtfully.
"Strange?!" The crowd exclaimed in shock.
"We conducted a full body examination of Mr. Salvador. His internal organs show signs of rejection caused by the use of stimulants, but there are no indications of poisoning. We also scanned his brain and found the issue lies there."
Ryan snapped impatiently. "Can you just get to the point and stop dragging it out?"
"We suspect that Mr. Salvador's brain has suffered a massive shock, but we cannot determine the cause of his coma..."
Everyone was disappointed, and Ryan punched the wall in frustration.
"We are not brain specialists. We will need to find a professor skilled in neurology to treat Mr. Salvador. Mr. President, First Lady, we're sorry."
The specialists bowed deeply in apology.
Edward held his wife's trembling waist, his voice low. "It's alright. At least we know where the problem lies. That's something to start with."
"Arnold!" As soon as Asher heard that the problem lay in the brain, he immediately thought of his partner, hope rekindled in his eyes. "I'll get Arnold to come to Sentania to treat Justin. He's an expert in this field!"
At that moment, his phone rang. It was Drew calling.
Not wanting to worry everyone, Asher put the call on speaker.
"Drew, any news?"
"Asher, we've found her!"
On the other end of the line, Drew's voice was hoarse and trembling with emotion, almost sobbing. "Bella... We've found her!"
###chapter2228
Chapter 2228
Bella had no idea that it had been three days since the night she fought desperately against Christopher in bed.
After sleeping for three whole days and nights, she finally woke up weakly on a hospital bed.
"Bella is awake... Bella is awake!"
Camilla, who hadn't eaten or slept in three days, cried out. The Thompson family, who had been waiting outside, rushed into the room, surrounding their little sister.
"Asher... Drew... Camilla..."
Bella's dim and lifeless eyes half-opened, and her dry lips parted with difficulty as she recognized the familiar faces around her.
"Thank goodness... Thank goodness! Bella still remembers us!" Camilla tightly held her sister's cold hands, unable to contain herself, weeping tears of joy.
Although Edward had hired the top domestic specialists to perform a full examination on Bella, the doctors were still worried that her prolonged coma might have caused irreversible damage to her brain.
Thankfully, she had woken up, and everyone's tense nerves finally began to relax a little.
"Bella... I'm so sorry..." Drew slowly stepped forward, kneeling beside the bed on one knee. He looked into his sister's eyes as tears streamed down his face. "I couldn't protect you. I let you suffer so much and let that beast hurt you like this... I'm such a failure!"
As he spoke, he grabbed his sister's hand and slapped it hard against his cheek. "Bella, hit me. Hit me as hard as you can! If you don't, I won't be able to live with myself!"
"Drew, I don't blame you... I don't blame anyone.... It's my fault."
Bella's long lashes fluttered, her body too weak to move, and she could only curl her fingers slightly. "How... How did I get back?"
The crowd exchanged glances, their expressions heavy and somber.
Drew and Ralph had been searching for Bella when they received a call from a hospital.
The hospital staff said a man had sent her there and left them with contact information, which allowed them to find her.
When they tried to retrieve the hospital's surveillance footage, they found it had already been deleted. But even without seeing it, they could guess.
The person who had left Bella at the hospital could only have been Jace.
But why?
That man had gone to great lengths, taking risks to leave with Bella from the island before
they arrived. Was his goal not to escape or bring her to the person pulling the strings behind this sinful game?
He had already succeeded. Why would he sabotage his plan at the last moment?
The motives of the mastermind behind this were truly unfathomable.
"Bella, no matter what, the fact that you've returned safely is the most important thing."
Ralph bent down, gently stroking his sister's forehead as he said in a soft and soothing voice, "Don't stress yourself right now. Focus on recovering your strength. That's the priority."
But Bella was never one to follow orders. Her voice trembled as she asked, "Christopher... Has he been caught?"
"Yes." Asher's expression was dark as he tried to hold back intense emotions. "He's currently being held in Sentania's prison and will be escorted back to Savrow tonight."
"That's great..." Bella closed her eyes, feeling utterly exhausted, her heart filled with a whirlwind of emotions.
On the island of roses, the cruel and despair-filled days she had spent by Christopher's side replayed over and over in her mind.
No matter what, Christopher had succeeded. He had left an indelible mark on her life, becoming a shadow she could never shake off, a scar etched into her soul.
"Justin... Why don't I see him?" Bella's anxious eyes scanned the room, failing to see the tall, steadfast figure that always made her feel secure. Her heart instantly filled with panic. “ Did something happen to Justin while trying to save me?!"
Her face turned pale, her breathing became rapid, and her frail body began to tremble uncontrollably.
###chapter2229

"Bella, don't panic. Listen to me!" Asher's heart tightened, hesitation churning inside him. Knowing there was no way to hide the truth, he decided to downplay the severity. "Justin was injured when he fought Christopher on the island and hasn't woken up yet. But don't worry. Apart from a gunshot to his left shoulder, he doesn't have any other serious injuries, and his organs weren't damaged."
"Left shoulder... The left shoulder again?!" Bella's eyes widened, brimming with tears. Her heart was aching so much that she was on the verge of crying.
"Back on South Island, Justin also suffered a severe injury to his left shoulder to save me. Now, he's been shot again. His left arm is going to be crippled!"
As she spoke, large, crystal-clear tears rolled down her cheeks. It was as if the bullet had torn through her own heart, bleeding and raw.
"Bella, don't worry! Edward and I hired the best surgeons from Sentania to remove the bullet and perform surgery on Justin. His left arm has been saved. Although he might have some lingering pain, it won't affect his daily life." Camilla quickly explained, trying to calm her down.
"If... if it's just an external wound... Why hasn't Justin woken up?" Bella asked anxiously.
The air grew heavy and suffocating.
An invisible hand seemed to squeeze Bella's throat, and a strong sense of unease surged through her body.
"No... I have to see Justin! I must be by his side!"
Ignoring her brothers' attempts to stop her, Bella got out of bed, her eyes red as she pulled the needle out of her hand and stumbled toward the door.
"Bella! You're still very weak. Don't move around!"
Asher and Drew rushed to help her, but Bella had reached her limit. Her legs gave out from exhaustion, and she collapsed to the ground.
Still, she did not give up. Even if she had to crawl, she was determined to reach Justin.
In the end, Asher carried Bella to find Justin, where he lay unconscious.
"Justin... What's wrong with you? Why are you sleeping for so long?"
Bella's oversized hospital gown was drenched in cold sweat. Her pale, delicate face was stained with tears, falling onto Justin's rough, calloused palm. "Wake up... Wake up and look at me, okay? I won't run off anymore. I'll listen to everything you say... I won't be stubborn... I won't make you worry again. Don't scare me like this.... Justin, wake up!"
But all that answered her was a cold silence.
His hands were now rough and scarred.
Bella remembered that after he retired and went into business, his hands had lost the callouses from battle and had grown softer with a life of luxury.
But because of her, time and time again, he had to pick up a weapon once more to shield her from the storms and protect her.
Now, he was left with illness, wounds, and a broken arm.
She had tortured the man she claimed to love to this point, every inch of his body covered in
scars.
Bella, was this the love you gave him?
Being with her, Justin had endured every hardship imaginable. Was this the love she had given him?
How laughable. How utterly ridiculous!
Bella collapsed over Justin's still body, silently sobbing into his chest.
Asher stood behind her, unsure of how to comfort her.
What a pair of ill-fated lovers. They had only begun to experience happiness, yet fate had cruelly played another heartless joke on them.
At this moment, the door to the hospital room opened. Wearing a white coat and holding the CT scans, Arnold walked in with a grave expression.
###chapter2230

"Arnold, how is it?" Asher immediately stepped forward, putting his hand on Arnold's waist, gently massaging it while taking the scan from his palm.
Arnold slightly narrowed his fox-like eyes. "Can you understand it?"
Asher answered honestly, his voice deep. "No, but my dear husband does."
Arnold pouted slightly and playfully poked Asher's firm abs with his fingertip.
He knew Asher was not in the mood for banter. The teasing was merely to coax Arnold, compensating for the exhaustion of the long journey and for the effort he had put into thinking about Justin's treatment from the moment he arrived in Sentania, without rest.
"Arnold..." Bella looked back at Arnold, her eyes filled with tears, looking pitiful.
"Bella, I am here with you too." Arnold's heart tightened as he curled his lips into a warm smile, his gaze bright. "Don't be afraid. With me here, Justin will definitely wake up."
Bella nodded firmly, but the tears continued to fall uncontrollably from her eyes.
"Justin's head wasn't subjected to any external trauma, and I detected traces of medication in his blood. So, we can basically confirm some kind of medication is controlling his nerves, causing him to remain unconscious."
Arnold sighed in frustration. "However, I haven't been able to identify it yet. His blood test results show that the compounds are incredibly complicated, and this isn't something you can buy through legal channels. We'll need to compare it against a large database, which will take time.
"Also, we can't rule out the possibility of harmful drugs. After all, Christopher is Sentania's drug lord, and with the wide variety of substances he has at his disposal, it's not impossible that he forced Justin to take something out of spite. If that's the case, it'll be even more difficult to handle."
Arnold's expression grew more serious. "Drugs can severely damage the brain's nervous system. After looking at the scans, I can tell that Justin's hypothalamus and brainstem have already shown signs of minor lesions. While not life-threatening, the consequences are unpredictable."
Asher's gaze met Arnold's flickering eyes, his lips pressed into a tight line.
Bella's eyes were swollen from crying. "Will he stay in a coma forever? Will he wake up?"
Arnold replied confidently, "With my treatment, I'm 90% sure he will wake up."
"Arnold... Thank you."
"But I can't say for sure what he'll be like after waking up." Arnold lowered his gaze, seemingly wanting to say more but holding back.
At this point, Bella no longer cared about anything else. All she wanted was for Justin to wake up safely.
"It's okay... It's okay. No matter what he's like, I'll still love him. I'll always love him! No matter the cost, I'm willing to bear it!"
Although Bella was still weak, she refused to leave Justin's side even for a moment.
Asher and Arnold could not convince her to rest, so they retreated to the hallway outside the
room.
In the corridor, Asher suddenly grabbed Arnold's clean, slender hand and held it tightly in his palm, his voice laced with worry and anxiety.
"Arnold, you didn't tell Bella the full truth, did you?"
Their gazes locked, and a flicker of emotion flashed through Arnold's clear eyes.
"There's no one around now. Tell me the truth." Asher leaned in closer, their breaths entangling. "What's Justin's real condition? Will he lose his memory?"
His voice was hoarse and trembling. He had a faint suspicion that brain damage could affect memory, but he did not dare to say it out loud. It would be too cruel for Bella to hear.
They had almost given their lives to find their way back to each other. How could she bear the thought of her lover forgetting her?
"Memory loss... I can't say. It's possible, but not certain." Arnold pondered for a moment. The hypothalamus is closely linked to human emotions, and the brainstem plays a crucial role in activating emotions. Since Justin's hypothalamus and brainstem have sustained some damage, there's a chance it could affect his memory. But there's also another possibility..."
Asher's heart clenched painfully. "What possibility?"
"He may become a completely different person. A stranger inside Justin's body."
44
###chapter2231
Chapter 2231
Since Bella woke up, she ignored her own condition and stayed by Justin's side without resting.
Three more days passed, but to her, it felt like three months, three years, or even thirty years...
The sun rose and set, exchanging shifts with the moon, tormenting her.
This was not the first time Justin had been injured because of her. She had experienced panic and fear when his life hung by a thread and he fell into a deep coma. However, for some reason, she could no longer maintain even the slightest bit of rationality and calmness this time.
Bella clung tightly to Justin's hand, their fingers intertwined. The fear inside her surged like an unstoppable flood, threatening to swallow her whole.
She experienced an unprecedented fear.
The overwhelming sense of helplessness tormented her spirit.
In just a week, the once proud and beautiful young lady had withered like a dying white rose-pale, broken, and fragile.
Her frail frame seemed like it could slip out of her oversized hospital gown at any moment.
Every day, from morning until night, Bella would recount their past to Justin, telling him stories from when she was eleven years old to eighteen, to their marriage, divorce, and how they found their way back to each other. She recalled every breathtaking moment vividly, joy and sorrow.
What she once thought was an unbearable past now seemed trivial and fleeting upon reflection.
As long as those memories involved him, everything was good.
Now she had no right to be picky anymore.
"Justin... Arnold said there's something wrong with your brain. I'm so scared. I'm afraid you'll forget me when you wake up."
Bella held the man's rough hand, interlocking their fingers as tears streamed down her face. She kissed his fingertips, the back of his hand, and his palm.
Whenever they were intimate, Justin would say she was like a delicious and soft bun, juicy with every bite, making him want to devour her completely.
So, each time, he would kiss every inch of her delicate skin until she trembled. She felt as if she were floating in the clouds. Only then would he stop before bringing her to the peak of ecstasy in an even deeper
way.
Of course, they wouldn't share such intimate affection in public, so Justin would always kiss her lips or, like now, her fingertips and palms.
He loved her so much that these uncontrollable kisses were just his way of expressing the affection he did not know how else to show.
His heart was in turmoil, just as his body was.
Now, it was her turn to be the humble one, to experience the pain of loss and heart-wrenching agony.
Sure enough, fate was fair. Those who failed to cherish happiness would be punished.
"It's okay... Even if you forget me, it's okay."
Tears streamed down Bella's face, soaking his palm. "If the price of you surviving this ordeal is forgetting me... I'm willing to disappear from your memory without regret or complaint. As long as I can watch over you for the rest of my life, I'll be content..."
Justin had said these very words countless times.
Now, it was Bella's turn to speak to them. Each word was like a sharp, tiny stone grinding painfully across her heart.
Could she truly be content?
Was this not just empty self-consolation, the kind that came after exhausting every effort with no other options left?
"Don't forget me... I beg you... Don't forget me..."
Bella could no longer lie to herself. She collapsed onto his chest, her thin shoulders trembling uncontrollably as she sobbed.
"Bella, don't cry."
###chapter2232
Chapter 2232
"Wake up and coax me again."
"Please."
When Bella was crying, the door slowly opened.
Ryan walked in, carrying a bowl of stew. When he saw the scene before him, he froze, his hand holding the bowl trembling uncontrollably.
He had long since had his heart softened by budding love.
The sight before him deeply moved him, stirring an intense urge to shed tears.
Once Bella's sobs quieted down, he calmed himself and walked to her side with light footsteps.
"Bella, have something to eat. I remember you like a stew. I made it for you myself."
For a while, she did not respond.
Ryan glanced sideways and noticed that the breakfast on the bedside table was untouched. His heart ached, feeling heavy with sorrow.
"Ryan... You must hate me now." After a long pause, Bella sat there blankly, her voice quiet and distant." I'm the reason Justin ended up like this. He's your best friend. I didn't take care of him. Instead, I let him nearly lose his life for me. Now he lies here in a coma... Ryan, I know you resent and hate me. Just let it out. You being so calm only makes me feel worse."
"But I don't hate you." Ryan pursed his lips and walked over to sit by the bed. He looked at Justin's pale, bloodless face, and his voice deepened. "Bella, I respect every decision Justin made. No matter the outcome, I won't hate anyone. I'm willing to bear every price and consequence with him."
Bella's heart ached even more. She closed her tear-filled eyes.
"If I'm being brutally honest..." Ryan let out a bitter laugh. "I'm just glad it was him and not you." Bella was stunned and looked at him.
"Bella, Justin isn't as strong as you think he is." Ryan's eyes reddened. "You grew up in a loving family, with parents, aunts, and brothers who doted on you. You've never truly suffered, so you're optimistic, positive, and cheerful. You can face any challenge.
"But Justin isn't like that. He once had nothing. His mother went through hell to restore his status as the second young master of the Salvador family, and since then, he has faced countless schemes. He walked a path filled with obstacles to get where he is today.
"Apart from his grandfather, you're all he has. So, he's far more fragile than you realize because he can't afford to lose. If something were to happen to you, do you believe he'd have the will and courage to keep going? He was diagnosed with depression in his teenage years, and the scars on his left wrist are proof of that.
"So, Bella, you need to stay healthy and strong and wait for him to wake up. Otherwise, Justin's genuine willingness to devote his life to you would be in vain."
Finally moved by his words, Bella trembled as she took the bowl, scooped a spoonful of stew, and put it in her mouth.
"It's delicious." With each bite she took, a tear fell into the bowl.
"Of course. My cooking has my wife's stamp of approval. It's the best!" Ryan forced a smile.
"I want to see Christopher." Bella raised her hand and wiped her tears fiercely, forcing herself to stay strong. "He gave Just in the pills. He must know exactly what he made Justin take!"
###chapter2233
Chapter 2233
Justin was gone for a whole month. He was the president of Salvador Corporation, a man of great power and influence, and his disappearance left only lan to manage urgent matters at the company. However, there were still countless documents that required his personal approval.
The office was in complete disarray, and the president's desk was piled high with memos.
Eventually, the situation could not be hidden any longer. Nigel and Gregory were alerted.
Justin had narrowly escaped death in Sentania and had been gravely injured, remaining in a coma for an entire week. It was not until now that his grandfather and father were finally informed of the news.
The shock and anger of being kept in the dark was overwhelming for these two former titans of the business world, almost more than they could bear.
After receiving the news, Nigel was rushed to the hospital that very night.
On the other hand, Gregory immediately flew to Sentania to forcefully bring his comatose son back to Savrow on a private jet, under the care of the best medical team available in Savrow.
It was said that a major fight broke out between Gregory and the Thompson family in the hospital, plunging the situation into chaos.
The relationship between the two families hit rock bottom, almost beyond repair.
Fortunately, Asher had enough of a commanding presence and leadership. He had a private conversation with Gregory in a room for half an hour, breaking up the fight.
Otherwise, it was hard to imagine what extreme measures Gregory might have taken. Though he had once been quite critical of his younger son, and their relationship had been strained, Justin was still his son, his flesh and blood.
Although he had reluctantly accepted Justin's relationship with Bella, he could not handle the fact that his son had risked his life time and again for this woman, ending up severely injured each time.
His eldest son, whom he had painstakingly groomed, was already half-crippled.
Justin was his last hope. He had long come to terms with the fact that he would grow old and that the Salvador Corporation would eventually be passed down to Justin.
The Thompson family did not care for his son, allowing him to be hurt and putting Justin in danger repeatedly. How could Gregory tolerate it? There had to be limits to cruelty and mistreatment!
However, Bella was unaware of all this, and the Thompson family had kept her in the dark. When Gregory rushed to the hospital in Sentania, she was already on a flight back home.
The private plane landed in Savrow in the afternoon.
Bella had briefly freshened up on the plane, changing into a sleek black business suit. She used light makeup to cover her exhausted appearance, restoring some of her usual radiant elegance.
However, her pale lips and bloodshot eyes betrayed her fragile state and deep sorrow. But she had to force herself to stay strong.
Ryan was right. If she collapsed, all of Justin's efforts would be in vain.
It was another cold winter day.
"Ms. Bella." Steven stood at the bottom of the stairs, bracing himself against the biting wind. He watched Bella as she walked down step by step, her slender figure appearing lonely. Immediately, he was overcome with the urge to cry.
"Steven, you've worked hard to take care of the house." Bella smiled at him faintly, one that barely formed.
"Please don't say that." Steven hurriedly draped a coat over her shoulders. He wanted to add, "As long as you're safe, nothing else matters."
In the end, he could not bring himself to say it.
After all, the person Bella loved the most was still unconscious, and everything was unknown. He could not add to her pain.
"Do you want to go home and rest for a bit first?"
"No need."
Bella took a deep breath of the cold, sharp air, clearing her head. "I returned urgently because I must visit Christopher in prison. There's something I need to ask him."
In Savrow's prison, tall, thick walls loomed overhead, wrapped in barbed wire and electric fences.
The sun was shining brightly, but inside, the air was suffocating, as though a permanent haze hung over the place, making it impossible to breathe.
"From now on, this is the only view Christopher will ever see." Steven gritted his teeth, following closely behind Bella.
"I imagine he won't be seeing it for long." Bella's voice was devoid of warmth or emotion as she continued walking forward.
In the visitation room, she sat expressionless behind the glass window, while Steven stood in a corner, keeping a close eye on her.
Soon, the iron door creaked open.
The moment Christopher appeared in her sight, Bella's eyes widened slightly.
For a second, she could hardly recognize the man before her as the man she had known since childhood, entangled with, competed against, and rivaled for half a lifetime.
###chapter2234
Chapter 2234
After several days apart, the man who had once been refined, dignified, and full of confidence was now gone without a trace.
Sitting before her was Christopher, his complexion dark and tired, his usually meticulous hair slightly messy, and his once sharp eyes filled with red bloodshot lines.
The former Chairman Iverson, once noble and poised, was now nothing more than a fallen, destitute prisoner. But even in this state, upon hearing that Bella had come to see him, Christopher still made an excuse to visit the restroom, combing his messy hair and quickly washing his face.
The pride of being the Iverson family's young master had been thoroughly shattered in his first year in Sentania when he was still young.
From that moment on, the world no longer had Young Master Iverson, only Christopher, who climbed up over the bones of countless people, corrupted by evil and driven only by hatred.
He cleaned himself up because he was going to see Bella.
Yes, he still loved her.
But he had come to fully understand that, from the beginning, he was never worthy of her. Forcing something that was not meant to have harmed both of them.
Separated by the glass, Christopher and Bella locked eyes. He looked at her quietly, silent for a long time.
Bella noticed the bruise on his lip and the wound on his forehead. Indifferently, she asked, 'Did you get beaten up?"
Christopher closed his stinging eyes briefly, the corners of his pale lips curving
"In prison, there are many strangers who hate me. I'm ruthless, cruel, and a villain among villains. I expected this outcome long ago."
"You're skilled at fighting. There's no reason you should be beaten."
"I deserve it, don't I?" Christopher smiled weakly but was still sincere in every word he said to her. "Bella, you may not believe this, but these days in prison have been the most peaceful time I've had in over a decade. I seemed to possess everything, but I had nightmares night after night. When I woke up in the morning, all I could think about was how to fight, how to struggle, and how to seek revenge for my mother and myself. Now, it's finally over."
As he spoke, he placed the gold-rimmed glasses that had accompanied him for half his lifetime on the table." Actually, my shortsightedness isn't severe. Wearing them made me feel like I was putting on a mask. Now, I don't need them anymore."
Bella's eyes lowered slightly. "With your personality, you wouldn't just surrender quietly. I thought you would end your own life."
"But isn't it your wish for me to submit to the law and face judgment?" Christopher's dim eyes curled faintly. "I wanted to fulfill your wish."
His tone was gentle and lingering as if it were still a love confession.
But no matter how intense the emotion, it could not erase the endless pain and resentment in Bella's heart. "Bella, you've lost weight." Christopher gazed at her deeply, his wet eyes tracing her features again and again, greedily wanting to imprint this final image of her into his memory and take it with him to the grave.
"I came here today to ask you something. What are those pills you gave Justin?" Bella took a deep breath, suppressing the piercing emotion inside her. "I know asking you is likely in vain because you hate Justin. I don't expect you to suddenly grow a conscience. If you're unwilling to tell me, consider this my final goodbye to you*
"I don't know." Christopher looked straight at her, more honest than he had ever been. "Bella, I really don't know. The Boss gave me the drug. I have no idea what was in it or what effects it would have." The Boss.
It was him again!
Bella leaned forward, her voice hoarse with anxiety. "This boss' you speak of is the one behind you, the one using you to conduct human drug experiments in Savrow. Am I right?"
Christopher's pupils contracted, and he nodded slowly.
"Who is The Boss? Have you met him?!"
"Bella, you can hate me or do whatever you like, but this is all I can tell you about the Boss." Christopher was not holding onto any hope of seeing the light of day again.
He knew too well what would happen to Bella and her family once she found out the true identity of the Boss. The Boss was a heartless madman. His gentleness, calmness, and refined manner were all a fa?ade.
###chapter2235
Chapter 2235
Deception was certainly despicable, but was it not another way to protect her?
Otherwise, with Bella's fiery, impulsive nature, she would cause a disaster far beyond her ability to handle.
"There's one thing I am certain of. The pills Justin took aren't fatal, and they won't cause any harm to his body." Christopher took a deep breath and smiled bitterly. "Otherwise, the Boss wouldn't have suggested giving the pills to you."
"To me?!" Bella was stunned, her face drained of color.
"The Boss wouldn't hurt you, so the pills he gave wouldn't be fatal. But he said taking it would be painful, so..."
Christopher's eyes lowered slightly, though his handcuffed hands trembled as if he were trying hard to reel in some strong emotion.
He did not need to say any more words. Bella understood everything.
"Your boss told you to give me the pills. Even if he didn't tell you exactly what it was, he should at least inform you of the effects, right?"
"He said it would make you belong to me forever. Christopher's voice was hoarse and broken.
"Ha... I see." Bella knew she would not get any more valuable information and did not want to face him any longer. She coldly stood up. 'T'm leaving, Christopher. I can't bring myself to say something insincere like take care. You know I hate you. But while you're in there, I still hope you live long enough to face judgment."
As she turned to leave, Christopher suddenly stood up, his eyes brimming with tears.
"Bella! I'm sorry!"
Bella stiffened but did not turn around.
"I tried everything to have you because being with you was the only time I felt that the old me hadn't died, that my heart was still beating."
Christopher pressed his palm against the glass as tears of endless pain and regret streamed down his face." You were the most beautiful butterfly I saw after I fell into the abyss."
Yet, unfortunately, once he began to fall, there was no stopping.
The man was filled with endless lament and sorrow after he had come to his senses.
Bella's slender shoulders trembled slightly, but she remained silent, disappearing from his sight without looking back
Christopher's straight back slowly collapsed, as if his soul had been drained. He seemed to have aged instantly, crying and laughing at the same time.
"Bella, I know you wouldn't choose me even in the next life. So I won't hope for reincarnation or another chance..."
Outside the prison, the cold wind cut deep into Bella's aching lungs.
"Christopher is really stubborn and hopeless!" Steven clenched his fists in frustration.
"He truly doesn't know what the pill is." Bella raised her head, gazing at the clear sky, yet still feeling the tightness in her chest. A glimmer of tears shone at the corners of her eyes. "This time, I believe him."
"But he still refuses to reveal his boss's identity. He's holding something back. He's still scheming!"
Bella seemed to understand what was in his heart, but she did not want to acknowledge it. She merely shook her head.
"At least we know the pill won't harm Justin's body, and that's enough. Now, we can only wait for Arnold to treat Justin so that he'll wake up."
Before she could finish speaking, her phone rang.
Seeing that the caller was Matt, Nigel's secretary, she quickly answered.
"Uncle Matt!"
Matt's voice was filled with worry. "Ms. Bella, are you in Savrow now?"
"Yes. Is something wrong with Grandpa Nigel?!"
"Old Master Nigel learned about Mr. Justin's injury and coma, and the shock was too much for him. He's been hospitalized. Thankfully, he's out of the danger zone and has been moved to a general ward."
Bella felt a sharp stab in her heart. Clutching her chest, she nearly collapsed, but fortunately, Steven caught her in time
"Old Master Nigel was asking for you just now. He wants to see you. If it's convenient, could you come to the hospital?"
###chapter2236
Chapter 2236
Bella wasted no time. She rushed to the hospital with Steven by her side.
On their way to the hospital, Steven noticed how pale Bella was. His heart was filled with worry, and he could not help but urge her.
"Ms. Bella, you should go back and rest. You haven't fully recovered yet. You're pushing yourself too hard now. This late-night rush will take a toll on your health."
I'm alright. I'm just worried about Grandpa Nigel..." Bella closed her tear-filled eyes. She felt a sharp pain in her chest, a bitterness rising within her.
Nigel's sudden illness stemmed from his distress over his gravely injured, unconscious grandson.
Yet, the one who had inadvertently caused this tragedy was none other than herself, the granddaughter whom Nigel had always cherished as his own.
By the time they reached the hospital, Bella's cold sweat had drenched her suit. She felt her steps were unsteady, as if she were walking on clouds.
Outside the hospital ward, Matt was already waiting.
"Uncle Matt, I'm sorry I'm late." Bella's voice choked as her eyes welled up with tears.
"It's never too late. Please come in."
Matt stepped aside to make way for Bella. Bella, who had always been fearless and forthright, now hesitated at the door, feeling anxious.
"Aside from the second young master, you're the one Mr. Salvador loves the most among his grandchildren."
Matt saw through her turmoil and gently reassured her. "Go on, Ms. Thompson. Old Master Nigel has been waiting for you."
As she stepped into the ward, warm sunlight bathed the space where Nigel lay. He weakly propped up against the headboard, half-awake.
"Grandpa Nigel..." Bella walked softly to the bedside, her voice tightened with guilt.
Nigel forced his tired eyes open. A faint smile broke through his sickly demeanor as he reached out a frail hand toward her.
"Anna, you've come? I knew you would... You were always the most filial child."
Bella thought she had her emotions under control. But with just a few simple words from Nigel, her defenses crumbled. Like a child who had done something wrong, she stood by his bedside, sobbing uncontrollably.
"Grandpa Nigel... I'm so sorry... It's all my fault... I caused Justin's suffering..."
"Silly child. I knew... You'd say this the moment you got here."
Nigel held her thin, cold hand, heartbroken by how much weight she had lost. "I've never blamed you. Remember, no matter what happens, you will always be my most beloved child. I was worried you'd overthink things, that you'd exhaust yourself... That's why I had Matt reach out to you."
Tears streaked Bella's delicate face. It was a sight that would break anyone's heart.
"My dear, do you know what I fear the most?"
Nigel sighed deeply. "If Justin never wakes up, what will you do then? Your family is all in Hatchbay. Your brothers will eventually marry and have wives, children, and responsibilities. If Justin doesn't wake up, who will be there to stay by your side and protect you? Besides, I know how deeply you love my grandson. I know you both would give your lives for each other. But if, just if, Justin never wakes up...
"Grandpa Nigel, please don't scare yourself like this. Justin will wake up. He definitely will!" Bella lifted her
trembling hand, fiercely wiping away the hot tears from the corners of her eyes, her voice determined. "As long as he remains unconscious, I'll stay by his side. If it takes a lifetime for him to wake up, I'll wait a lifetime!" "What's the point of saying all these lofty, empty words when the situation is already like this?!" Someone interrupted
Bella turned back, tears brimming in her eyes, only to see Gregory storm into the room, radiating anger and frustration. He stopped before her.
"Gregory... Why are you shouting?" Nigel asked.
###chapter2237
Chapter 2237
Although Nigel was Gregory's father, he still wanted to protect his beloved Anna. Gathering his strength, Nigel sternly rebuked. "What do you mean by that? Justin hasn't lost an arm or a leg. He's just temporarily unconscious! Are you cursing your son?! If you think your son is beyond saving, instead of yelling around here, why don't you go and prepare for his funeral? Maybe it'll bring him some luck!"
"Dad, even now, you're still siding with this girl?!" Gregory's rage was uncontrollable as he glared at Bella, his eyes bloodshot with anger. I'm beginning to think this girl is a jinx to my son! What did Justin ever do to deserve this from you?! Why are you tormenting him like this?!"
Bella, usually sharp-tongued, remained silent, enduring all the blame. She clenched her fingers tightly but did not utter a word.
Her silence only fueled Gregory's fury. In a fit of impulsive rage, he raised his arm and was about to slap her pale face.
"Gregory, stop!" Nigel's eyes widened in shock, but his frail body was too weak to intervene.
Bella closed her swollen eyes. She did not dodge the slap because she felt that she deserved it.
Gregory was right. She was the reason Justin was in such a condition.
She deserved the slap. She deserved to die!
Smack-!
Bella's thin body trembled.
However, the slap never landed on her.
Bella slowly opened her tear-filled eyes.
The scene before her made her breath catch. Her heart clenched tightly.
Grant suddenly appeared. He firmly gripped Gregory's wrist and stopped his raised hand mid-air, preventing it from coming down.
However, what left Bella utterly stunned was the fact that this man was not in a wheelchair.
He was standing!
"Grant, your... Your legs!" Gregory stared at his eldest son, widening his eyes in disbelief.
Nigel was equally stunned. His gaze moved up and down as he took in the tall, dignified figure of the man
before him.
"Dad, no matter what, you shouldn't resort to violence."
Grant turned slightly, his deep, restrained gaze on Bella. He shot her a look so intense it could draw one in like a whirlpool. "Justin chose to protect the person he loves. That was his own decision. I don't think Ms. Thompson is at fault. I understand that you're heartbroken for Justin, but you shouldn't take it out on someone innocent."
Bella's brows furrowed as she bit down on the soft flesh inside her lip
With those words, Grant slowly released Gregory's hand.
At the same time, Gregory felt a sharp pain in his wrist. He looked down and saw that his wrist had turned red.
"Young Master! Please be careful!" Clarice hurried over, quickly pushing a wheelchair toward Grant, and helped him sit down.
Grant smiled faintly, his eyes curving gently. "It's alright. I'm not that fragile. It's good to stand up and stretch my legs sometimes."
"Grant, your legs... They're fine?!" Gregory gawked at his son's long legs beneath his black trousers, completely forgetting his anger toward Bella.
Grant smiled softly. His gaze was warm like a spring breeze, brushing lightly across Bella's face. "Dad, just because I'm in a wheelchair doesn't mean there's anything wrong with my legs."
###chapter2238
 
Gregory and Nigel were both stunned.
Bella was no less surprised than them.
In fact, her dark and shiny eyes held a touch of scrutiny and doubt.
"Old Master Nigel, Chairman Salvador, let me explain." Clarice stood behind Grant, her long eyelashes lowered and a worried frown on her face.
“Eighteen years ago, Young Master Grant suffered severe abuse during the kidnapping incident, which resulted in organ failure, nerve paralysis, and a range of other symptoms. Over the years, he endured a lot in Meridan, trying various treatments to stabilize his condition. He had to rely on numerous medications daily just to maintain a normal life."
Hearing this, Gregory was overwhelmed with sorrow. He sighed softly.
"My child, you've endured so much..."
Grant responded with a gentle, calm smile, shaking his head.
Clarice's face showed signs of sympathy. "Back then, the nerve paralysis made it impossible for Young Master Grant to control his legs like an ordinary person. The damage to his organs also significantly weakened him, which is why he's relied on a wheelchair for so many years..."
Bella's deep gaze stayed fixed on Grant's straight, sturdy legs, her emotions hard to read.
Gregory quickly stepped forward, his voice filled with concern. “Grant, how do you feel now?"
"Dad, I'm much better now. As you saw, I'm able to stand up now."
Grant put on a faint smile. “I just can't run or jump like others. But I can manage my daily life like others.”
"That's great! Truly wonderful!" Gregory was overjoyed.
With his younger son still unconscious, the return of his eldest son to the Salvador family at this crucial time, along with his improved health, reignited a sense of hope in Gregory.
The heavy gloom that had weighed on him finally began to lift.
"Grant, you traveled such a long way for Justin, enduring a tough journey. It must have been hard on you."
Nigel, who had remained silent until
now, finally spoke. "Your medical team is at in Meridan. Even though you're better, your treatment shouldn't be interrupted. How long
1.n
do you plan to stay in Savrow this time?" 
"Hmm..." Grant narrowed his eyes slightly and smiled. "I suppose I'll stay here for good and never leave again. After all, this is where I belong." Nigel's pupils contracted sharply.
Bella maintained a calm expression, but her pale hand at her side slowly clenched, the faint blue veins becoming more obvious.
"Grandpa, Dad, do you know how much I missed you during all those years alone in Meridan? Do you know how hard I worked to heal this broken body, just so I could stand before you like a person again?"
Grant's words, though filled with accusations, were softened by the slight smile at the corners of his eyes. His voice was soothing, making him seem more composed than anyone else.
"I endured and sacrificed so much just to come home. Grandpa, it seems you're not too pleased to have me back."
"That's not true. Of course, I'm happy that you're home and that our family is reunited." Nigel steadied himself and forced a smile. "No matter what, you're still my grandson. I care for all of you equally." 
Bella, who had spent so much time by Nigel's side, understood him deeply. It was almost as if she could read his mind.
At this moment, his tone and expression made it clear that his words were insincere. He was merely being polite.
From the beginning, Bella had noticed Nigel's cold and somewhat dismissive attitude toward Grant, his eldest grandson from Gregory's first marriage.
Despite being raised under Nigel's
care and possessing looks and
talent that matched, if not
surpassed, those of his half-brother Justin who was once considered an illegitimate child, Grant had always been kept at a distance. 
Nigel had always been so supportive of Justin despite his lower-status birth, even grooming Justin to be the heir of the Salvador family and business.
She could not understand why Nigel would treat Grant, his eldest grandson who shared the same bloodline, with such coldness and distance.
###chapter2239
 
Even if it was just because of health reasons, it still seemed a bit excessive. Besides, when Nigel learned that his eldest grandson's health had improved, there was not even a trace of joy on his face.
Instead, there was a hint of wariness and fear.
What was Nigel afraid of?
Was he worried that Grant's return would threaten the inheritance originally meant for Justin?
However, a third of Salvador Corporation's shares and core industries were still under Nigel's control. Justin also held some shares and occupied the CEO position.
Even if Gregory's heart leaned toward his eldest son, it would not be easy for Grant to take over Salvador Corporation.
So, what exactly was the old man, who had weathered countless storms, so afraid of?
...
When Grant left the hospital, he was still in a wheelchair.
Clarice and the bodyguards assisted him into a luxurious Bentley. As soon as he straightened his back and the car started to move, Bella suddenly dashed out, her hands clutching the rising car window glass with a fierce grip.
The bodyguard slammed on the brakes. Clarice's heart leaped in shock as she angrily glared at Bella's cold, beautiful face.
"Ms. Thompson, why are you suddenly grabbing someone's car door like this? Do you have a death wish?!"
Grant raised his long, clean hand, signaling Clarice to stay quiet. He then turned to Bella with a gentle smile in his eyes. "Ms. Thompson, do you have something to say to me?"
Bella's tongue brushed against her teeth. "Yes."
Clarice and the bodyguards waited outside while Grant invited Bella to sit inside the car.
A faint scent of medicine tinged the car interior, mingling with a subtle fragrance lingering in the air.
Bella frowned slightly. That faint scent made her uneasy.
It felt somewhat familiar. However, it was so subtle that it vanished as soon as she caught a whiff of it. It left her with no time to recall where she had smelled it before.
"Ms. Thompson, if you have something to say, go ahead." Grant turned his well-defined, handsome face toward her, his voice low and smooth as it reached her ears.
"You've lived in Meridan for many years for your treatments. You must have had close connections with many pharmaceutical companies and medical institutions, right?" Bella asked in a deep voice.
Grant nodded slightly. "Yes, I do have some connections. When your father had a stroke, Justin even flew to Meridan specifically to ask me about medication."
"You must have heard of the RC Biotech Research Centre, right? It's quite authoritative in the field of biopharmaceuticals over there."
Grant's gaze deepened, his eyes gleaming like dark jade in the dimly lit car. "I've heard of it."
"Then, I'll need your help." Bella
pulled out a blood test report for
Justin from her bag and handed it to him. "Justin's coma is due to a drug that has suppressed his brain activity. We've investigated the drug and found that it contains several banned substances that don't match any compounds found domestically. 
"I suspect it's an illegal drug from overseas. I've heard Christopher mention RC multiple times. Since RC's base is in Meridan, I believe this drug originated there. Mr. Grant, you once saved Justin's life during the kidnapping incident, and now you've come all this way for him again. It's clear you share a deep brotherly bond. I assume you also want Justin to wake up as soon as possible, right?" 
Grant studied her delicate, pale face, his voice turning hoarse. "Justin and I may not share the same mother, but we grew up together. Of course, I want him to recover. It isn't just for his sake, but for yours, too. 
The lingering tenderness in his tone sent a chill down Bella's spine, causing her to instinctively avoid his gaze, which seemed to be shrouded in mist.
"If Justin never wakes up, wouldn't the rose he so carefully nurtured wither away?"
"I'm not a rose. So, I'll never wither."
###chapter2240
 
Bella met the man's deep gaze once more. This time, her expression became open, determined, and fearless. "If Justin wakes up, we'll fight side by side. If he doesn't, I'll fight in his place. I will protect everything that belongs to him. No one will touch or interfere with it. No one."
This was the true message Bella wanted to convey during her private conversation with Grant.
Grant, momentarily taken aback, smiled with a touch of laziness and playfulness.
"You're right, Ms. Thompson. What belongs to Justin is his. No one else can take it from him."
Yet Bella caught the underlying meaning in his words, her gaze darkening slightly.
"So, you want me to use this report to identify the drug Justin took, right?" Grant agreed readily. "Alright, I'll help you."
"Thank you, Mr. Grant." Bella got out of the car swiftly, without lingering any longer.
She stared at the dark windows of the luxury car, watching it leave the parking lot.
Her mind kept circling a few key terms: Meridan, RC, drugs, Christopher, and the Boss.
Essentially, Christopher served as the local representative for the Boss. He ultimately became a discarded puppet once the Boss fully exploited him.
With his downfall, the Boss would not just abandon the domestic market. They would likely support a new successor.
Previously, when Justin faced life-threatening situations, Grant showed no sign of action.
Yet this time, he returned to the Salvador family with a fresh appearance after Justin's drug incident. Was this a coincidence, or did he have intricate connections with RC and the Boss?
This point of view was intriguing.
Bella felt that, regardless of whether Justin wakes up or not, Grant could not be considered an ally.
Whether he would become a major threat still needed further investigation.
In the car, Clarice voiced her concerns. “Sir, Ms. Thompson asked you to investigate the drug's origin It's clearly a test. She might be. suspicious of you. Are you sure you want to reveal the drug's details to
her?" 
"There's no need for that. My brother will wake up soon."
Grant closed his eyes for a brief rest, crumpling the report in his hand into a ball of wastepaper. "But I truly underestimated Ms. Thompson. I thought she would be overwhelmed, lost, and unable to find her bearings after such a heavy blow. But instead, she quickly composed herself. She even began to suspect me. It's truly impressive how clear-headed and rational she is. She's quite admirable." 
Clarice, however, could not help but feel anxious. “Bella is suspecting you already? You've only been back in Savrow for two days. How could she be onto you so quickly?"
"The timing was off, so it's natural for her to be suspicious." Grant furrowed his brows nonchalantly. "We just need to be more careful from now on." Just then, the luxury car entered a dimly lit tunnel.
"When you gaze long into the abyss, the abyss also gazes into you."
St
The flickering ghostly light danced across Grant's sharp, brooding features, casting fleeting shadows. He lifted his gaze, staring at his reflection in the car window. His eyes were cold, eerie, and menacing. It was as if he were looking at someone else. 
“But unfortunately for them, I am the abyss."
###chapter2241
The Department of Justice, where Axel worked, had officially received Christopher's case. Once the court accepted the case, they were expected to deliver the verdict within two months. Without any unexpected developments, the death penalty seemed inevitable.
On a gloomy day with a steady drizzle, a woman in a white lab coat and high heels walked calmly to the entrance of the detention center.
She held a black umbrella to shield herself from the rain.
"Dr. Amaryllis, we really appreciate you coming here despite the rain." The warden greeted her with a smile.
Lifting her umbrella, Clarice revealed her serene and elegant face and responded with a faint smile.
"Even prisoners deserve their rights. As a doctor, my duty is to heal patients, regardless of who they are."
The warden quickly agreed. "You're absolutely right."
With a slight curve of her eyes and a subtle tone, Clarice added, "Organizing a free clinic for the prisoners shows that you're a kind-hearted man, Warden."
After his meeting with Bella, Christopher surprisingly slept well for several days.
Someone broke his gold-rimmed glasses. So he discarded it.
After all, it was no longer necessary since he was no longer the esteemed Chairman Iverson. He was merely a condemned man awaiting his sentence.
Christopher no longer needed those superficial disguises.
Prisoners in his cell block were called one by one for a medical check-up until it was finally his turn.
Handcuffed, Christopher walked out of his cell and through winding corridors until a guard brought him into a sealed, dimly lit room.
The heavy iron door creaked shut behind him.
A sole desk lamp illuminated the entire room, casting a cold, solitary light.
Christopher narrowed his eyes slightly. "You..."
"It's been a while, Chairman Iverson."
With her back to him, Clarice slowly rose from her seat at the desk and turned to face Christopher. A faint, mocking smile played on her lips.
"Clarice..." Christopher's spine stiffened, and his heart sank heavily in his chest.
Clarice let out a soft, derisive
chuckle. What's with that look? I've
gone through all the trouble of
coming here. I've seen all the stinky inmates just so I can see you. Aren't least bit moved?" 
YOU TO
Christopher's dry, pale lips trembled as he rasped hoarsely. "Did the Boss send you here to rescue me?"
Clarice blinked. She paused for a moment before bursting into a loud and uncontrollable laughter.
The sharp, maniacal sound echoed throughout the dark room, amplifying the atmosphere of hellish despair.
"Christopher, are you still clinging to
the dream of walking away
scot-free? Have a few days in prison. turned your brain to mush?" Clarice crossed her arms, her laughter subsiding as her gaze fell on him with the disdain reserved for a worthless insect. "Even if I got you out, your body's ruined and the Iverson Group has collapsed. You're completely useless. What can you possibly offer the Boss now? He gave you plenty of chances. But in the end, you just weren't up to the task." 
Christopher lowered his eyes, a faint, bitter smile tugging at the corners of his mouth.
Perhaps, now that death was so near, he felt a strange attachment to the world he had once faced without fear.
"However, the Boss did send me here with a message for you." Clarice's eyes turned cold and emotionless as she delivered it mechanically. “He thanked you for your contributions to his business over the years. Your efforts will
never be forgotten." 
to 
With those words, she placed a syringe filled with a clear liquid on the table in front of him.
Christopher stared at it, his voice cracking. "So... The Boss sent you to silence me?"
"This isn't silencing. It's just crisis management." Clarice shrugged nonchalantly. "None of the Boss's men can fall into the police's hands. That's just the rule for anyone who works for him."
###chapter2242
 
Christopher's shoulders trembled uncontrollably. His entire body seemed ready to shatter at the slightest touch.
"I don't even have much time left... Does the Boss even deny me this final moment?"
“Christopher, you should actually feel grateful." Clarice shook her head. "If the Boss hadn't saved you back then, you and your mother would have long disappeared in Sentania, unnoticed and unremarked. How could you have enjoyed your successes these past few years? The Boss gave you your life. Now that the Boss wants to reclaim it, you shouldn't harbor any complaints. This drug will stay in your system for 48 hours once injected. Think about it. You'll die peacefully in your sleep. It's far kinder than facing execution or dying from a sudden illness."
A few minutes later, Christopher slumped to the ground, his face ashen, having undergone an injection that felt like a cruel punishment despite its painless nature.
Clarice tucked away the syringe and slipped her hands into the pockets of her white coat. She cast one last disdainful glance at the man on the floor before walking toward the heavy iron door.
"Rosalind Gold!" Christopher suddenly called out another name.
Clarice's step faltered for a moment. However, she did not turn around. She spoke in a cold and dark voice. "Who are you calling? You must've made a mistake."
"Do you think you can get what you desire by just following the Boss like a ruthless killing machine and committing every atrocity?" Hunched over, Christopher let out a mocking laugh. "No matter how many faces you change, no matter how many times you start over... Justin's heart belongs only to Bella. He will never look at you! Let alone love you!"
"Is that so? Perhaps not." Clarice laughed, too. Her gaze was sharp like a blade ready to kill. "Besides, how would you know if I haven't already received what I wanted? Being by the Boss's side is exactly what I desire. I will only move forward and never look back."
After leaving the detention center, Clarice immediately drove back to her villa. She indulged in a long bath with aromatic oils, cleansing herself of the day's unpleasantness.
After drying her hair and donning a red silk robe, she pushed open the door and was startled.
"Ms. Amaryllis." Jace stood rigidly at the door, his expression emotionless as he looked at her. “Please come downstairs. Boss is waiting for you." Clarice bit her lip. "Alright, I'll freshen up and change my clothes..."
"There's no need for that. It doesn't matter whether you're dressed or not. What you're wearing doesn't matter to him either." Jace turned to leave. "Hurry up. The Boss doesn't like to wait."
Suppressing her frustration, Clarice followed him closely.
Downstairs, Grant lounged on the sofa, his elegant fingers pouring tea into a dainty cup.
"Boss, why did you come all the way
here? I planned to shower, change, and then report to you." Clarice approached him gracefully, her eyes lingering on his refined, timeless features. "I know you value
cleanliness. I couldn't meet you after Visiting such a filthy place without freshening up." 
Grant smiled faintly. “I just happened to pass by and thought I'd check in on you."
"I took care of everything. Christopher will suffer cardiac paralysis and die in 48 hours. With his already compromised organs, they won't find anything unusual even with an autopsy." Clarice's gaze darkened.
Grant nodded slightly. "You've worked hard, Clarice."
"I looked into it. Before I went to see Christopher, Ms. Thompson had visited him. The fact that she
suspected you so quickly might mean Christopher told her
something." Clarice's lips Curel
into
a cold smile. "Fortunately, you acted wisely and dealt with this potential threat." 
out
?
"Christopher won't speak. It's not that he doesn't want to. He just fears me and doesn't dare to rat me out. Grant lifted his teacup, holding it near his nose to savor the aroma. "He never understood me. But saw through him completely. That's Where his fear comes from." 
Clarice did not understand this man either. However, she still felt relieved.
"Regardless, even though the experiment failed, the potential threat in Savrow is gone. You can relax now."
###chapter2243
 
"No. Not yet."
Grant took a sip of tea. His gaze was dark and deep. It was like a hidden current in a deep abyss. "I think... Justin should be waking up soon. He has Ms. Thompson by his side, along with capable friends. This disaster may not be as unavoidable as I initially thought."
Clarice leaned in, lowering her voice. "So, you're suggesting that we..."
"I've heard that Ms. Thompson has a rather skilled brother-in-law, a specialist in neurology?"
Clarice blinked in surprise. "Are you referring to Arnold, the youngest son of the Larson family?"
Grant lowered his gaze and continued sipping his tea, his voice cold and detached. "That man cannot remain in Ms. Thompson's team, nor should he stay by my brother's side."
Grant's words piqued Jace's interest immediately. "Do you need me to take action against him?"
"We don't always have to kill someone to remove them."
Grant toyed with the teacup with his fingertips. A faint smile played on his lips. "Breaking his spirit will be just as effective."
After Gregory brought Justin back to Savrow, he secretly sent him to a top-tier private hospital for treatment.
Gregory strictly ordered that no one except his immediate family could visit Justin and especially emphasized barring the Thompsons from seeing him.
Every day, Bella would wait outside the hospital all day.
After heavy rain, the weather grew colder.
Bella stared up at the hospital, watching the windows glow softly in the night. She had no idea behind which one Justin lay peacefully asleep.
She blew warm air into her hands, which suffered from frostbite. Her cheeks and the tips of her ears tinged red from the cold.
"Ms. Bella, why don't you wait in the car? You've been standing out here for hours!" Steven handed her a steaming cup of coffee, his eyes filled with
concern.
"Justin used to do the same thing. He used to wait outside my house for me, time and time again."
Bella's eyes shimmered with unshed tears, her smile bittersweet. "This time, it's my turn to wait for him."
Steven lowered his head, unsure how to comfort her. Words felt hollow, completely inadequate.
He knew how badly she wanted to help Justin.
However, since she could not see
him,
she could do was wait. ?t
agonizing, helpless whet
filled with silent prayers. 
It felt like the hardships Justin faced while pursuing her were now repeating in her life.
Was she really destined to endure the same pain?
That seemed far too cruel for her.
Just then, Steven's phone rang. He quickly answered.
After a split second, his expression shifted in shock. He stared at Bella with wide eyes.
"Ms. Bella! Something terrible has
happened! Christopher died
suddenly in his cell from card
arrest. By the time the guards found him, his body had already gone stiff." 
“What did you just say?!" Bella's pupils constricted in disbelief.
Cardiac arrest?
On Rose Island, he coughed up blood every day and still clung todife. How could he suddenly die within just days of returning to Savrow? It did not make sense! 
Before she could process the information, another call came in. It was Nigel.
"Grandpa Nigel!" Bella answered the call immediately. A cloud of anxious breath escaped her lips.
"Anna! Justin has woken up!"
###chapter2244
 
Hearing that Justin had woken up, Bella burst into tears. Her slender body slowly crouched down as she curled into a ball, trembling in the cold wind. "Ms. Bella..." Steven's eyes reddened as he watched her from the side. He felt like his heart was about to shatter.
Ever since Justin fell into a coma, Bella had been living in a daze. Each day felt like an eternity.
Though she was still alive, the vibrant young lady, once as radiant as a rose with her lively, spirited gaze, had disappeared.
Bella carried immense weight on her shoulders. She constantly blamed herself and battled inner turmoil for the incident.
She was awake, yet slipping into madness.
"My dear, why are you crying? Justin woke up! You should be happy!" Nigel's voice came through the phone as he comforted Bella. He could not help but worry about her, too. "My dear, are you outside in this cold weather?"
"Grandpa Nigel... I'm outside the hospital." Bella choked between sobs, warm tears flowing through her fingers.
Nigel was both shocked and concerned. "You're still outside the hospital at this hour? Silly girl, what if you catch a cold?!"
"Grandpa Nigel... I want to see Justin... But... I can't get in..."
"You silly girl. With me here, who would dare to stop you?" Nigel's voice was strong and reassuring, instantly calming Bella. "Matt and I are on our way to the hospital now. Anna, don't freeze out there. Go and wait inside. I'll back you up when I get there. We'll see who dares bully my dear Anna!"
...
Less than half an hour later, Nigel arrived at the hospital, seated in a wheelchair, with Matt pushing him. They quickly met up with Bella and Steven. Together, they rushed to the VIP ward.
Outside the door, the Salvador family's bodyguards stood on high alert, but with the Old Master present, who would dare stop them? Each one of the bodyguards bowed respectfully as they entered.
"Justin! My dear grandson!" Nigel could not wait any longer. With Matt's help, he staggered out of his wheelchair and rushed to Justin's bedside. As he looked at his pale grandson, whose once bright eyes now appeared dim and lifeless, Nigel could not hold back his tears.
"Justin, I'm so glad you woke up! That's all that matters!" Gregory heaved a long sigh of relief.
Although he did not shed any tears, the worry had been gnawing at him for days, leaving him sleepless and exhausted, with dark circles beneath his eyes.
"Y-Young Madam!"
After being absent for some time, lan spotted Bella hesitating at the door, too afraid to enter the room. His voice caught in his throat as he ran over, tears welling up. "Mr. Salvador has woken up! Please come in and see him!" 
Before stepping into the room, Bella's heart had been pounding with the urgent desire to see Justin. She felt the longing would burst from her chest, shaking her to her core.
But now that she was here, an overwhelming weakness consumed her, leaving her unable to step forward.
She could not bring herself to face the Salvadors.
Their son had ended up in this condition because of her. Guilt and shame overwhelmed her. She felt utterly lost and had nowhere to hide.
"What do you mean by Young
Madam? We don't have one in the Salvador family!" Gregory roared, his finger pointing directly at lan's face. "lan! If +ever hear you call her Young Madam again, you're out of the Salvador Corporation! Fired, permanently! I don't care whose
favor you're trying to earn!" 
Biting down hard on his lip, lan tasted blood as it trickled from his lip, swallowing his frustration.
He did not care about losing his job, his million-dollar salary, or the prestige of being the CEO's chief secretary.
Right now with the eldest son
suddenly back and Justin awakez though clearly in a weakened state, lan knew he had to stay by Justin's side. Even if it cost him his life, he could not leave his side! 
"Gregory, I've had enough of your nonsense!" Nigel shouted.
###chapter2245
 
Nigel trembled as he walked over to his son, his cheeks quivering in anger. "Today... I'm laying it down right here. As long as I'm still around, I want to see who dares lay a hand on Anna! I will personally deal with anyone who disrespects her!"
Gregory clutched his chest, his fury evident. "Dad! You're really..."
"Besides, now that Justin has woken up, this matter is over." Nigel's gaze was firm, filled with unwavering protectiveness. "From now on, if you so much as glare at Anna again, don't call me your father! I can't believe you're using your elderly status to bully a young girl. What an achievement!" Although Nigel did not slap Gregory, the sting of humiliation still burned across Gregory's cheeks. It was not that better off from getting a slap. “Anna, go on. Go and see Justin. Go on." Nigel gently urged Bella, his voice soft as he looked at Bella, whose eyes were red and puffy from crying. Steven also encouraged her. "Ms. Bella, you've been waiting for Mr. Salvador to wake up all this time. I'm sure he wants to see you, too. Go on." With trembling, frost-bitten fingers, Bella walked in slow, hesitant steps toward the bedside.
Justin, worn down by his long coma, looked thinner. However, his sharp, strong features only appeared more defined. His handsome face was as striking as ever.
He sat quietly against the headboard, his once bright and lively eyes now dim, void of their former brilliance. It was as if they were bottomless pools of darkness.
“Justin...” Bella sat by his side. However, as soon as she said his name, tears began streaming down her face uncontrollably.
Justin turned his gaze toward her, his expression blank as he watched her sob. He was eerily silent.
Bella's heart twisted painfully, a cold dread creeping through her entire body. Something was terribly wrong.
“Justin, what's wrong?!" Gregory, panic-stricken, rushed over and leaned close to his son's face. "Justin! Look at me! I'm your father!”
"Justin, it's Grandpa!"
With Matt's support, Nigel shakily
made his way over, his eyes brimming with tears. "Justin,
Grandpa is here. Can't you recognize me anymore?!" 
Justin's hollow gaze landed on Nigel. His pale lips quivered as he whispered, "Grandpa..." Overwhelmed with emotion, Nigel cried out joyfully, "Ah! You remember me! That's all that matters!"
Justin then turned his eyes toward Gregory, his voice just as faint. "Dad..."
"My son!" Gregory could not hold back any longer and rushed forward, embracing his youngest son tightly.
It had been so long since he had last held him like this. The last time felt like a lifetime ago.
"Thank goodness, Mr. Salvador
hasn't lost his memory!" Relieved
lan stepped forward, his voice.
trembling as he added, "Mr.
Salvador, Young Madam is here to
see you!" 
Just as Gregory was about to flare up, Nigel's sharp glance made him hold his tongue.
Justin's unfocused eyes slowly drifted back to Bella's face.
It was a face he had once engraved into his soul, a face he had deeply loved.
“B-Bella...?" Justin's dry lips parted, his voice hoarse and rough.
It was as if he was relearning how to speak.
"It's me... It's me! I'm Bella!" Bella's tightly wound heart finally relaxed She then wrapped her tear-soaked hands around his scarred,
ov
Ο
weathered hand. 
However, in the next moment, Justin furrowed his brow slightly and slowly pulled his hand out of her grasp.
###chapter2246
 
Bella's teary eyes widened as she stared at Justin in disbelief! She hung her head, staring blankly at her hands.
In the past, Justin would eagerly reach out and hold her hand.
They would kiss and cuddle, their fingers intertwined in a tight embrace. Justin would whisper soft promises in her ear, repeating over and over that no matter what, he vowed never to let go of her hand.
However, Justin was coldly pulling his hand away from hers.
In that moment, Bella felt an agonizing pain, as if her very bones were being ripped from her body.
When lan saw this, he was shocked, his face turning pale.
No one understood better than him how much Justin had loved Bella before the coma and how deeply they were in love.
But Justin, who had just regained consciousness, though unaffected by amnesia, seemed to have transformed into a different person altogether.
His attitude toward Nigel, Gregory, and even the woman he had once loved was shockingly cold and distant.
"Grandpa, Dad." Justin turned his indifferent gaze away from Bella's eyes and spoke in a low, weary tone, "I'm tired, and I'd like to rest for a while. Can everyone please leave the room?"
Gregory was briefly taken aback for a moment.
Unlike Justin's more sensitive and graceful elder brother, Justin had always been aloof and reserved from a young age. He had always been distant and cold to the people around him, never openly expressing his feelings to others.
However, after regaining consciousness, his personality seemed to have become even colder and more isolated than before.
Gregory nodded. "Alright, alright. You rest well. We'll come see you once you're rested."
Justin did not say a word. He just rolled over onto his side, turning his back to everyone in the room and shutting himself off from the world, even from Bella.
After leaving the ward, Bella ran frantically to Arnold's office.
Although Gregory had forbidden the Thompson family from visiting, Arnold was an internationally renowned neurosurgeon and had been asked by the Salvador family to continue treating Justin.
"Arnold... Why has Justin become like this?!" Bella could barely get the words out between sobs. "He didn't lose his memory; he still remembers me, but he's changed so much... Why is this happening?!"
Arnold held the latest MRI scans and frowned deeply. “Justin's amygdala has suffered severe damage. That's the part of the brain responsible for emotions and feelings. That's why Justin seems so cold and indifferent to everyone because he can't process emotions. It's like a phone cut off from all signals. He's locked himself inside a sealed space, refusing to connect with anyone."
Bella's mind raced, overwhelmed by the devastating news. Shaking, she asked, "So how is this going to affect his life?"
"In terms of daily life, not much. He can continue working, perhaps even more efficiently than before, as he's free of distractions and can concentrate better." Arnold couldn't bring himself to look at her, his gaze fixed on the scan. "But... He's lost the ability to care for or love anyone." 
Bella's heart sank as she asked, "What do you mean by that?"
"He's incapable of love now. In his mind, it's all about himself." Arnold took a deep breath, his eyes welling up with tears. "To him, his family friends, even you-you're all the same. He remembers you, but that's all you are to him, just memories. Nothing more." 
"How could that be? He hasn't forgotten me. He still holds onto our memories of being in love!" Bella's voice cracked with desperation, her throat raw from crying.
"But his emotions can't respond.
Even if he
once in members that you were
once in love, what does that
change?Arnold looked at Bella and told her the blunt reality, "Bella, memories are just recollections. For someone with emotional disabilities, memories have no real significance." 
He did not want to sugarcoat it for her. Sometimes, a quick, direct approach is better than a prolonged, painful one.
However, Bella could not accept it, crying as she asked, "Is there absolutely no way to revive his feelings? I won't believe there's no hope!"
"I'll try hypnotherapy in the future. But it's not a guaranteed solution. There's only a 50% chance of success, and we have to proceed with caution, or he could suffer a mental breakdown. There's also electroshock therapy. A strong electrical shock might help."
Bella shook her head firmly. "No... I know about electroshock therapy. It's really tough, both physically and mentally. He had depression as a child and tried it once after coming back from the army to treat his PTSD. I can't let Justin go through that again."
Arnold thought for a moment, then his face lit up. "What if we try stimulating his emotions? Like, getting him really angry, or super sad, or just shocking him. That might help bring his feelings back."
It was an idea, but where would they find a situation like that?
"Bella, I'm telling you this not to discourage you, but to get you ready for the worst." Arnold stood up and gently hugged her. "You're the strongest girl I've ever met. Just take your time, and Justin will get better; I'm sure of it."
After leaving Arnold's office, Bella aimlessly wandered around, feeling lost and empty inside. She did not know where to go.
In a daze, she ended up on a balcony, gazing up at the dark night sky. Memories of her happy times with Justin flooded her mind, one by one.
They had been so deeply in love before. But now, the cruelty of their situation was unbearable.
Bella had tried to keep her emotions under control, determined to face everything bravely. Yet, as she dwelled on her thoughts alone, her heart ached more and more.
Once again, she buried her face in her hands and quietly sobbed.
Suddenly, Bella felt a gentle hand pat her arm.
Startled, she quickly wiped her tears and looked down to see a clean handkerchief being offered to her by a slender, fair hand.
"Ms. Thompson, don't cry. Take care of your eyes," Grant said kindly, sitting in his wheelchair with a soft smile playing at the corners of his lips.
###chapter2247
 
This man, despite his physical flaws, displayed a gentle, refined, and calm demeanor. Grant never wallowed in self-pity or blamed others for his misfortune. But Bella instinctively did not want to be close to him. Even standing next to him made her feel suffocated.
It was an inexplicable feeling, hard to put into words.
"No, I'm fine, thank you," Bella said, raising her arm and wiping the tears from her cheek with her sleeve.
She recalled how, in the past, she would often cry in front of Justin, tears and snot streaking down her face, shattering her usual composure. However, Justin never offered her a handkerchief like this man did. Instead, she would just wipe her tears all over Justin's collar and tie, leaving the usually refined and tidy nobleman looking disheveled because of her.
Yet he would still gently comfort her, kiss her red nose, and hold her close.
Grant tucked the handkerchief back into his pocket, speaking softly. "Justin has regained consciousness, but I've heard his brain injury has altered his personality. I'm afraid even if I found the right medicine, it wouldn't fix the problem. Ms. Thompson, just give him some more time. He'll gradually get better."
"I don't care how he's changed." Bella smiled with a mix of optimism and determination, her eyes brimming with tears. "I'm still young, and time will help him improve. Will a lifetime be enough for that?"
Grant's eyes darkened slightly, but he sighed deeply from his heart. "In my whole life, I've never been jealous of anyone, except Justin."
Bella looked at him again.
He leaned in slightly, a faint, cold scent surrounding her as he said in a low, deep voice, "Because... He has you."
During the drive back from the hospital, Grant's normally poised and composed manner appeared to change, leaving Clarice, who sat beside him, feeling uneasy.
The air in the car felt stifling, making it difficult for her to breathe comfortably.
"Sir, what's wrong?" Clarice's voice was gentle and cautious. "Justin woke up, and he's indeed like a different person, no longer treating Bella as he once did. Isn't all of this within your plans? What you want is to make Justin lose everything, to turn him into nothing more than a useless figure within the Salvador family, so that you can completely rise above him, right?"
Grant looked out the window with a cool, detached expression, his eyes dark and piercing like a blade. "But I believe, even if he loses everything, there's one thing that will never leave him."
Clarice asked, "What's that?"
"Bella's love for him."
"Hmm, from what I see, it's only a matter of time. No woman can endure being treated with such cold indifference day after day. The
human heart is fragile, and who
you keep jabbing at it, that
over
once passionate heart will end up full of holes, drained of all its warmth. How could she possibly hold on?" 
Clarice's voice was cold, as if she had lost her humanity.
"Back then, Bella secretly married Justin, carrying the heavy burden of pressure and enduring the bitterness. from Shannon and her daughter. Her husband was cold and indifferent and she even lost a child. In the end, when his first love returned, didn't she leave Justin in shame? That was only after three years. So rest assured, their fate has only two outcomes. They will either part ways in life or in death." 
to 
Clarice brushed off the painful three years Bella had endured as if it were nothing more than a brief moment.
"Once Arnold is out of the way, I'll set you up to get close to my brother," Grant said.
Clarice had always known this was the plan, but the idea of actually putting it into motion still made her feel uneasy.
“Sir, Justin hasn't lost his memory; he has emotional dysfunction. He doesn't care about Bella anymore, so why would he pay any attention to me, a stranger? He'll probably resist my presence.”
"I never intended for you to make
him fall in love with you. Since he's lost his ability to love Bella, he won't love you either. But your preserice will at the very least, make Bella give up on him completely." 
Clarice hesitated. "Will it really work...?"
"Do you think Justin's first love was Rosalind?"
Grant closed his eyes slightly, his clear face shrouded in a mysterious allure.
...
After finally getting permission from Grandpa Nigel, Bella could not bear to leave the hospital. Instead, she quietly stayed outside Justin's room.
She was lost, unsure how to awaken the love they once shared.
But she knew that if she gave up in despair, there would be no hope left for them.
She wanted Justin to live well.
And more than that, she wanted them to love each other as they once did, to grow old together.
###chapter2248
Chapter 2248
Bella couldn't waste any time, so she reached out to Ralph. "Ralph, have you conducted an autopsy on Christopher?"
"We have. It was cardiac arrest. But the forensic examiner said this heart arrest wasn't from an existing condition. It was caused by an overdose of injected drugs," Ralph replied.
Bella's suspicions grew, and she spoke softly. "Christopher used to take all sorts of drugs at Rose Island to stay alert, but they never caused him any issues. Yet now, after being in detention for over half a month without access to drugs or injections, he suddenly dies? Doesn't that seem really odd to you?"
Ralph was equally suspicious and said, "We can speculate all we want, but without concrete evidence, we can't do anything... Apart from you, did he meet with anyone else recently?"
"His family has vanished entirely. Who else could have visited him? Look into everyone who interacted with him. Don't overlook even a janitor; investigate them all!" Bella took a deep breath, her swollen eyes sharpening with focus. "Ralph, don't you recall? When James was detained before, he was killed swiftly. That death was even more brutal. It was clearly a murder!
"This time, the culprit was more discreet, doing it subtly and quietly. They may have even injected him while he was sleeping. So look into all the inmates he shared a cell with-anyone who interacted with him. Their identities, backgrounds, and financial records-investigate them thoroughly!"
"Yes, that's exactly what I plan to do." Suddenly, Ralph fell silent for a moment before asking softly, "Bella, are you okay?"
"I'm great, really great." Bella held back her tears, forcing a smile. "Justin has just regained consciousness. As long as he's okay, I'm okay too."
"Stop lying. We all know there's something wrong with Justin's brain." Ralph sighed deeply, his tone heavy with concern. "Bella, I'm going to say something you won't like to hear. If Justin's brain never fully recovers, I don't think you two should keep forcing yourselves to stay together.
"He's in even worse condition now than he was three years ago. Back then, he simply didn't understand love. But now, he's straight-up incapable of it! You and Justin haven't even officially married yet. You don't have to waste your whole life waiting around for him. At the end of the day, it's better to go your separate ways peacefully than to stick it out in a relationship that's nothing but mutual suffering. Won't it be better for you both to just live your lives apart from now on?"
Better? Could it really be better?
Justin had lost the ability to love, but Bella felt like her own heart had been carved out.
"This won't last forever, Ralph. Arnold said Justin has a chance of getting his emotions back."
Bella's determination was unwavering, like an unstoppable force. "Don't worry, I won't do anything reckless. If he's forgotten how to love, I'll teach him what it means, bit by bit."
Ralph knew there was no changing her mind. Bella had the freedom to be stubborn and the privilege to make mistakes over and over. They just needed to be her unwavering support.
Everything else was beyond their control and not something they could interfere with. So, they would just let her be.
Bella had drifted off to sleep, nestled in a chair in the chilly hospital corridor, her arms folded around herself. She experienced a string of unsettling dreams where she watched Justin walk away from her without looking back. Desperate, she ran after him through the darkness, repeatedly calling out to him.
Suddenly, Justin vanished from sight.
The ground under her feet also disappeared, transforming into a terrifying abyss.
A taunting voice echoed, "Jump down. Justin is right below. Go on, jump. Do you dare? No, you don't dare."
Bella's eyes filled with tears, her blood running cold. But in the end, she gathered her courage and defiantly shouted, "I'll jump!"
Thud!
Her sleeptalking cry echoed through the empty corridor, and she tumbled off the chair in her sleep.
The pain woke her up.
Bella was drenched in cold sweat, and the ache in her body was so intense that she could not straighten her back, letting out a faint groan of pain.
Struggling, Bella turned over and blinked through her tear-filled eyes. In that instant, her pupils shrunk dramatically.
There, standing beside her in a hospital gown, was Justin. His tall, solid frame hovered over her, his face completely devoid of emotion as he looked down at her.
###chapter2249
Chapter 2249
Their eyes met. Bella's red eyes slowly filled with tears of both excitement and sorrow.
Did Justin know she had been watching over him all this time? If he had come to realize that, did it mean he still had feelings for her? Was she still special to him?
Bella's soft lips parted slightly, her nose tinged with red, as she lay on the ground gazing up at him. Her voice was small, filled with grievance and innocence. "Justin Justin..
Justin's eyes darkened. He looked at her in silence for a long moment before speaking in a raspy voice. "Why are you still here?"
A single, delicate tear glistened on the edge of Bella's eye.
When she tried to speak, all that came out was a quiet sob, as if the words had abandoned her, leaving her helplessly whimpering.
Justin frowned as he watched the tears streaming down her face. "You've been talking nonstop. You woke me up."
"I-I'm sorry..." Bella sobbed, apologizing to him.
She used to be so confident and bold, often causing a fuss in front of him. Now, she was timid and fragile, evoking a deep sense of sorrow.
"Forget it." Justin saw that Bella had collapsed and could not get up on her own. But he could not just leave her there like that.
Justin might not have feelings for her anymore, but he was not heartless. Even if he had forgotten how caring he used to be and how deeply he had loved this woman with an unshakable devotion, he still decided to help her.
So he bent down and scooped up her disheveled form, cradling her in his arms.
"No...!" Bella was mindful of the gunshot wound on his left shoulder, which had only just begun to heal. He should not be exerting himself like this.
"What, do you want to lay here all night?" Justin's left arm throbbed with pain, but he ignored it. He carried Bella into the hospital room. "You can lay there if you want, but I'm ready to get some sleep. I've never met a woman as noisy as you."
Justin had always been cold and indifferent. His emotional distance made him even more blunt than most people.
When they were first married, Justin's sharp words would often leave Bella sulking, too afraid to argue back and risk angering him, so she kept her resentment bottled up.
But Bella was no longer the timid woman she once was.
Gathering her courage, she wrapped her arms around his neck. Her blinking almond eyes were soft and enchanting
"Oh, it seems like you've had quite a few women in your bed before, huh?"
"I haven't." Justin frowned, refusing to look at her. "But I bet no other woman is as loud as you."
Bella pouted, yet a faint smile flickered across her face amid her tears.
Justin had intended to lay her on the sofa, but it was too firm, and she had hurt her back, so that would have been uncomfortable. In the end, he gently settled her on the bed.
"Let go," Justin said coldly.
She clung tightly to his neck, leaving him hunched awkwardly on the edge of the bed, his tall frame looking out of place.
The storm of emotions he had suppressed for days finally began to break free at that moment.
###chapter2250
Chapter 2250
Bella was never one to back down.
Just as Justin was about to pull Bella's arms away, she gritted her teeth, ignoring the pain, and pressed her soft, warm body against his firm chest.
Her trembling lips landed on his, kissing him deeply.
Justin was taken aback by Bella's sudden, passionate kiss, his body momentarily freezing in a daze.
Though he recalled their past as lovers, those gut-wrenching memories now held no significance for him. He could no longer muster up any feelings of love for her.
Yet he had to admit that he did not hate the kiss.
Seeing that he was still, Bella grew bolder. She knelt on the bed, cupping his sharply defined face, kissing him more passionately-nibbling, sucking, teasing.
They were both still learning when it came to intimacy, especially Justin, who had a natural talent for picking up new skills.
He took the time to discover all of Bella's sensitive spots, and through their encounters, he learned exactly how to please her and drive her wild. Likewise, Bella knew just how to push Justin's buttons, biting his neck or shoulders always drove him crazy.
Determined to turn him on, Bella let go of her pride and self-restraint. She no longer held back.
However, Justin remained steadfast, his expression frigid, like a statue disconnected from emotion and longing.
Growing increasingly anxious, Bella kissed the bridge of his nose, then boldly moved to his throat. Just as she was about to kiss his Adam's apple, he firmly pushed her away.
"Bella," Justin said.
Bella bit her lip, her eyes shimmering with tears that made them look like dewy droplets, soft and captivating.
"I know we were once lovers. After you all left, Grandpa told me about what happened between us." Justin lowered his gaze, avoiding her pitiful eyes. "But I'm sorry. Even though I may have loved you deeply before, I can't love you anymore."
Bella's heart ached so much that she could barely stand up straight. Yet she somehow steadied herself, even as the tears streamed down her face uncontrollably, as if her tear ducts had given out.
She realized then that she had once uttered those same words to Justin.
Only now did she understand how utterly devastating they could be. It was far worse than simply stating, "I never loved you."
What hurt more than never having someone was losing them after having them.
"What I mean is, you shouldn't waste your time on me." Justin looked at her again, her fragile and seemingly scarred face. He was not sure why, but he could not bear to stare at her for too long, so his words came out rushed. "I'm not worth it. You, on the other hand, come from a good family; you're talented and beautiful. You've got plenty of admirers. You should find someone who loves you. There's no point in clinging to something that's already gone."
With that, he got up to leave.
Bella's eyes turned red as she grabbed him fiercely, her fingers digging into his flesh. "Then... Let's start over." Justin turned his head in surprise, meeting her eyes, which now shone with unwavering determination.
He had thought that, with her noble background and strong sense of pride, she would never be able to endure such coldness and indifference from a man.
Yet he had forgotten. His Bella never backed down or admitted defeat.
"Hey there, Justin. I'm Bella." Her hand trailed down his arm, inch by inch, until their fingers intertwined. She tilted her head slightly, holding back the tears in her eyes. "I know you don't love me back, but I'll always love you, no matter what."
With that, she let go of his hand, which had frozen in place. Without hesitating for a second, she hopped off the bed and, despite the pain in her waist, walked out of the hospital room step by step.
Justin stood there, dazed. After a while, he lowered his head and stared at his palm, slowly curling his fingers into a fist.
###chapter2251
Chapter 2251
Bella bit her lip, her eyes shimmering with tears that made them look like dewy droplets, soft and captivating.
"I know we were once lovers. After you all left, Grandpa told me about what happened between us." Justin lowered his gaze, avoiding her pitiful eyes. "But I'm sorry. Even though I may have loved you deeply before, I can't love you anymore."
Bella's heart ached so much that she could barely stand up straight. Yet she somehow steadied herself, even as the tears streamed down her face uncontrollably, as if her tear ducts had given out.
She realized then that she had once uttered those same words to Justin.
Only now did she understand how utterly devastating they could be. It was far worse than simply stating, "I never loved you."
What hurt more than never having someone was losing them after having them.
"What I mean is, you shouldn't waste your time on me." Justin looked at her again, her fragile and seemingly scarred face. He was not sure why, but he could not bear to stare at her for too long, so his words came out rushed. "I'm not worth it. You, on the other hand, come from a good family; you're talented and beautiful. You've got plenty of admirers. You should find someone who loves you. There's no point in clinging to something that's already gone."
With that, he got up to leave.
Bella's eyes turned red as she grabbed him fiercely, her fingers digging into his flesh. "Then... Let's start over." Justin turned his head in surprise, meeting her eyes, which now shone with unwavering determination. He had thought that, with her noble background and strong sense of pride, she would never be able to endure such coldness and indifference from a man.
Yet he had forgotten. His Bella never backed down or admitted defeat.
"Hey there, Justin. I'm Bella." Her hand trailed down his arm, inch by inch, until their fingers intertwined. She tilted her head slightly, holding back the tears in her eyes. "I know you don't love me back, but I'll always love you, no matter what."
With that, she let go of his hand, which had frozen in place. Without hesitating for a second, she hopped off the bed and, despite the pain in her waist, walked out of the hospital room step by step.
Justin stood there, dazed. After a while, he lowered his head and stared at his palm, slowly curling his fingers into a fist.
###chapter2252
Chapter 2252
Bella squinted her bleary, dim eyes and silently stared at Asher for a moment. She shifted her body slightly, then closed her eyes again.
"Either you forget Justin, or you get up and awaken his feelings for you, making him fall in love with you again." Asher's eyes were intense, his dark pupils flickering with two flames. "What is the point of wasting your life like this?"
"You're so noisy..." Bella buried her small face deep into the pillow. Her black hair spread across the white bedsheet, making her seem even more fragile and pitiable. "Go away... I want to sleep!*
The eldest brother was like a father; Asher saw this and felt a mix of anger, pain, and helplessness.
No matter how others tried to persuade her, it would be in vain. The only one who could unlock her heart was yone Justin.
"Ms. Bella, if you are hungry, you can ask the hotel chef to prepare something for you. Why are you just eating instant noodles?" Steven was deeply worried. "Eating too much instant noodles is bad for your health. What do you want to eat? I will make it for you."
"Instant noodles are tasty... I love them." Bella's voice was muffled but not entirely despondent. She still responded to questions.
Ralph understood that their little sister was a mischievous one. The normal approach would not work, so he needed an unconventional strategy.
He walked to the bed, leaned in close to her ear, and whispered like a devil, "I found out who has been in contact with Christopher these past few days."
A few seconds later, Bella sat up abruptly, her almond-shaped eyes wide open. "Who?!"
"Oh, my... You reek!" Ralph pinched his nose in exaggerated disgust. "Tomorrow morning, the cleaning lady will come in and probably call the police, thinking it's a crime scene."
Steven found Ralph's description too exaggerated, frowning and chuckling at the same time.
"Go take a shower, then eat something proper. If you do as I say, I'll tell you what I found out."
This trick worked. Bella quickly climbed out of bed, her bare feet shuffling as she stumbled toward the bathroom.
Asher watched Bella's back, his brows knitting tighter. He saw her slightly hunched over, her thin legs trembling gently.
"Bella, what is wrong?" Asher asked with concern.
"I'm fine... I will just wash up. It won't take long." Bella replied softly, her voice as faint as a mosquito's buzz.
Asher sensed something was wrong with her breathing, and his heart tightened. He rushed towards her." Bella, are you feeling unwell? I'll take you to the hospital right now!"
"I'm not..."
The next moment, Bella felt a severe cramp in her stomach, like a spiny hedgehog running amok inside.
A spasm seized her, and she doubled over, coughing up a mouthful of bright red blood.
"Bella!" Asher and Ralph shouted in unison, rushing to her side.
Steven, terrified out of his wits, quickly grabbed his phone to call for an ambulance.
Bella's eyes dimmed, her mouth still full of blood. Cradled in her brother's arms, she gradually lost
consciousness.
###chapter2253

Bella squinted her bleary, dim eyes and silently stared at Asher for a moment. She shifted her body slightly, then closed her eyes again.
"Either you forget Justin, or you get up and awaken his feelings for you, making him fall in love with you again." Asher's eyes were intense, his dark pupils flickering with two flames." What is the point of wasting your life like this?"
"You're so noisy..." Bella buried her small face deep into the pillow. Her black hair spread across the white bedsheet, making her seem even more fragile and pitiable. "Go away... I want to sleep!"
The eldest brother was like a father; Asher saw this and felt a mix of anger, pain, and helplessness.
No matter how others tried to persuade her, it would be in vain. The only one who could unlock her heart was Justin.
"Ms. Bella, if you are hungry, you can ask the hotel chef to prepare something for you. Why are you just eating instant noodles?" Steven was deeply worried. "Eating too much instant noodles is bad for your health. What do you want to eat? I will make it for you."
"Instant noodles are tasty... I love them." Bella's voice was muffled but not entirely despondent. She still responded to questions.
Ralph understood that their little sister was a mischievous one. The normal approach would not work, so he needed an unconventional strategy.
He walked to the bed, leaned in close to her ear, and whispered like a devil, "I found out who has been in contact with Christopher these past few days."
A few seconds later, Bella sat up abruptly, her almond-shaped eyes wide open. "Who?!" "Oh, my... You reek!" Ralph pinched his nose in exaggerated disgust. "Tomorrow morning, the cleaning lady will come in and probably call the police, thinking it's a crime scene." Steven found Ralph's description too exaggerated, frowning and chuckling at the same time. "Go take a shower, then eat something proper. If you do as I say, I'll tell you what I found out."
This trick worked. Bella quickly climbed out of bed, her bare feet shuffling as she stumbled toward the bathroom.
Asher watched Bella's back, his brows knitting tighter. He saw her slightly hunched over, her thin legs trembling gently.
"Bella, what is wrong?" Asher asked with concern.
"I'm fine.... I will just wash up. It won't take long." Bella replied softly, her voice as faint as a
mosquito's buzz.
Asher sensed something was wrong with her breathing, and his heart tightened. He rushed towards her. "Bella, are you feeling unwell? I'll take you to the hospital right now!" "I'm not..."
The next moment, Bella felt a severe cramp in her stomach, like a spiny hedgehog running amok inside.
A spasm seized her, and she doubled over, coughing up a mouthful of bright red blood. "Bella!" Asher and Ralph shouted in unison, rushing to her side.
Steven, terrified out of his wits, quickly grabbed his phone to call for an ambulance.
Bella's eyes dimmed, her mouth still full of blood. Cradled in her brother's arms, she gradually lost consciousness.
After a comprehensive physical examination, Justin met the discharge standards and could return home to recuperate.
Ian brought over a new outfit, helping Justin put them on piece by piece.
While tying the tie, he naturally thought of those countless sunny mornings when Bella had always tied Justin's tie for him.
Bella was skilled. She could tie all sorts of styles, and every time she finished, Justin would wrap his arms around her from behind, hold her tight, and kiss her deeply.
Would there ever be another chance to see such a beautiful scene again?
Ian, feeling unwilling, muttered, "Um, Mr. Salvador..."
Justin remained silent, his long lashes lowered, his cold eyes glancing at him.
Just as Ian gathered his courage to mention Bella, a figure in a white coat leisurely walked in from outside the door.
"Mr. Justin, you look quite good today." Clarice smiled gently, her expression calm as she walked up to him. "Congratulations on your recovery and discharge!"
As she spoke, she brought out a bouquet of creamy white tulips that had been hidden behind her, then presented them to him.
Justin hesitated for a moment, but eventually took them. "Thank you, Dr. Amaryllis."
"Old Master Nigel and Chairman Salvador are on their way to pick you up. Your elders are very concerned about you." Clarice's light pink lips curved slightly. "Mr. Grant is not feeling well today, so he sent me to pick you up. If you need any assistance, I am a doctor after all, and it's good to have someone to rely on."
Justin's voice was low, his expression indifferent. "Grant is very thoughtful."
Ian stood behind this woman, silently observing her from head to toe. For some reason, every time he saw her, he felt uncomfortable, as if something was pressing against his chest, blocking his airways.
It was a feeling both familiar and strange, indescribably odd.
Just then, Ian's phone rang. It was a call from the board, and he could not delay it, so he hurried out to answer it.
At this moment, only Justin and Clarice remained in the ward.
The man turned around to face the mirror, trying to tie his tie by himself.
However, after a few minutes, it was still a mess, with no order at all.
Justin frowned, a thin layer of sweat forming on his forehead. In his frustration, he blurted out, "Bella, help me."
###chapter2254
 
The air in the room was still.
"Bella."
Clarice heard the name clearly. Alarm bells went off in her mind.
The Boss had promised her that the drug would completely disrupt the emotional system and that it would erase all lingering affection for Bella. He assured her that Justin would no longer feel anything for his former lover.
If that were true, why was he mentioning that woman again?
Justin stared at his reflection in the mirror, his eyes unfocused. He had always believed that he did not need anyone in his life. Yet, when he absentmindedly called out for Bella, he felt an undeniable emptiness. A hollow space echoed deep inside him, and it refused to be ignored.
He had not yet realized that this echo existed because his heart had never truly forgotten Bella.
While Justin was lost in his thoughts, a pair of delicate hands glided over his shoulders, slipping around his neck. A faint, alluring scent drifted into his
nose.
Justin glanced down and found Clarice, her eyes soft and filled with warmth. His expression immediately hardened.
"It seems that you're not very skilled at tying a tie, Mr. Justin," Clarice said gently, her fingers tracing the deep gray fabric of his tie. Her voice was soft and persuasive. "Let me help you. The board of directors will be arriving soon. You wouldn't want to look unpresentable, would you?"
Even though she wore high heels, the man's towering height forced her on her tiptoes, drawing them closer. Their breaths mingled, and their noses were nearly touching.
Justin's brows furrowed slightly, and just as he parted his lips to speak, a set of heavy footsteps echoed from the doorway.
He raised his head sharply, only to see Arnold's cold expression as he stood there, witnessing the whole scene.
From Arnold's angle, Justin and Clarice appeared deeply entangled, as though they were about to kiss.
Arnold's fox-like eyes widened, and the blood in his body surged furiously, rushing straight to his head.
"Ah, Dr. Larson," Clarice greeted with a bright, innocent smile, as though nothing was amiss. "Please don't misunderstand. Mr. Justin seemed to be having trouble with histie, and I was just helping him." 
Arnold's lips curled into a cold sneer, and he marched directly up to Justin.
Slap !
He swung his hand and delivered a vicious slap across Justin's face!
Justin's head snapped to the side, and a red imprint of Arnold's fingers blossomed on his pale skin.
Clarice quickly stepped in front of Justin. “Dr. Larson! How could you hit him for no reason?"
"You better get out of my way. I'm not a gentleman," Arnold growled, his tongue pressing against the roof of his mouth. "Say another word, and I'll slap you too!"
"You-!"
Furious, Clarice paled but was shoved aside roughly by Arnold.
"Justin, you've been awake for only a few days, and you're already so eager to replace the old with the
new?" Arnold's eyes were filled with rage. "Did getting knocked on the head trigger your scumbag instincts? You've got emotional
Фло
issues, not amnesia, right? Have you forgotten Bella is your girlfriend? 
"Even if you don't love her anymore, do you have no sense of morality left? How can you be so openly involved with another woman when you already have a girlfriend What kind of person are you?" 
###chapter2255
 
Clarice took a deep breath, maintaining her graceful demeanor. "Dr. Larson, you've misunderstood. I was just helping Mr. Justin with his tie. You don't have to make a big deal out of nothing."
"He's got hands and feet, and at the very least, he has lan. Who are you to interfere?" Arnold shouted back.
The chemistry between people was a strange thing. From the moment Arnold met Clarice, he did not like her. She seemed fake. Additionally, he had heard from Asher, who knew some of the dirty secrets about the Salvador family, that the Salvador brothers were actually half-siblings who were always at odds.
Since Clarice had been linked to the eldest brother, this only made Arnold even more wary of her.
"Dr. Larson, I've already explained everything to Ms. Bella." Justin's thin lips pressed into a pale line, his voice low. "We've broken up."
Arnold's face changed dramatically. He staggered back a step, stunned.
"What did you say?"
Standing quietly to the side, Clarice's face remained composed, but the corner of her lips twitched.
"We broke up," Justin repeated, his tone cold.
"You bastard... You animal!" Arnold lunged forward, grabbing Justin by the collar, his knuckles white with fury.
"Bella wasted her youth on you, lost your child, and gave you everything! She's broken-her heart is shattered, and her body's been ruined. Just an hour ago, she coughed up blood and was rushed to the ICU! She's still unconscious! Even if you don't love her anymore, where's your sense of responsibility? You just walked away? Have you lost your mind?!"
In the past few days, Arnold had forced himself to suppress his anger, not wanting to bring up old wounds and make Bella feel worse. He knew that the fear, worry, and anxiety surrounding her only made her suffering harder to bear. Anyone who had witnessed the love that Justin and Bella once shared could never accept the way things had turned out.
How could Justin claim he no longer loved her after all they had been through? How could he bear the pain?
Upon hearing Arnold's words, Justin's brows furrowed deeply, and his eyes flickered with complicated, incomprehensible emotions. "She coughed up blood? Because of me?"
"Justin, if you still have any shred of decency left, you'll visit Bella." Arnold took a deep breath, forcing himself to calm down before violently releasing his grip on Justin's collar. "Even if your love for her is gone, the memories you shared are still in your head, right? 
"She was the woman you once fought tooth and nail to protect, the one you worked so hard to be with Now you're giving up on her... Does your heart not feel the slightest bit of pain? Are you not afraid that one day you'll regret this more than anything?" 
With that, Arnold turned and stormed out in anger.
Suddenly, Justin's vision blurred, and a sharp pain stabbed his head. It felt like his skull was about to burst.
"Mr. Justin, what's wrong? A et
feeling unwell?" Clarice rushed
forward to support him, but Justin shoved her away. "I'm fine. Don't touch me!" 
Her hands froze awkwardly in midair, and her fingers curled in frustration.
...
After leaving the hospital room, Arnold stormed to the balcony, dialing his lover's number.
"Arnold." Asher's voice was still soft and tender, though it carried a faint trace of exhaustion.
"Asher... I..."
###chapter2256
 
Arnold had been trying his best to hold back his emotions, but the moment he heard Asher's voice, he burst into tears. "I can't take it anymore... I feel so bad for Bella!"
"Sweetheart, don't cry." Asher quickly comforted him, his voice raspy with emotion. "I know you care about Bella. We all do. But don't worry, she had an acute stomach bleed, and now she's awake. The doctor said it was caused by excessive grief, overdrinking, and irregular eating. Besides, Bella already had stomach problems from her days in the field, treating patients under extreme conditions, barely able to eat properly."
Arnold looked shocked. "Bella was on the battlefield?!"
“During the war in Kridor, she served as a volunteer doctor, helping countless civilians and soldiers from the peacekeeping forces." Asher's tone softened with a mix of pride and sorrow as he mentioned it.
"My God... Everyone in your family has a big heart! Kridor was not only at war but was running rampant with terrorists looting and killing. Bella was just a girl, and she went into such dangerous conditions. How could you let her go?!"
Asher was silent for a moment, then took a deep breath, his voice trembling slightly. "We didn't want her to go, but she was determined to follow Justin. Wherever he went, she would go. None of us could stop her."
Arnold's mind buzzed, and he was taken aback. "Bella went through all that for Justin?!"
"Justin used to be a soldier with the peacekeeping forces and was deployed to Kridor for a crucial mission," Asher said, his voice tight. "Bella only applied to go to Kridor because she wanted to see him. She almost didn't make it back..."
“Justin? He doesn't deserve Bella's love!" Arnold's eyes were bloodshot. He slammed his fist on the balcony railing. "After he woke up, he turned into a complete scumbag! He's been getting cozy with that female doctor who works with Grant, and I caught them myself. I slapped that bastard and told him he was worthless. He even had the nerve to say he already broke up with Bella!"
Tears welled up again as he sobbed. "Asher, honestly... Justin might as well have stayed dead!"
"Arnold..."
"Bella watches him from afar, but he pushes her away and gets close to another woman instead... Asher, who could handle that kind of fall? I regret saving him! I should have just drugged him and left him in @coma. It would've been better than this!" 
"Arnold, don't forget, Justin became like this for Bella," Asher said, his breathing heavy. "Fate is beyond our control. If they're meant to be, Justin will rediscover his love for her. If not, then this might be the best
outcome. As long as ein
safe and healthy, that's what matters." 
Arnold wiped his tears with a handkerchief. "Once I finish up, I'll go visit Bella at the hospital."
"It's okay. You can wait a couple of days. Bella is still weak and needs her rest."
Iné
"Asher, don't forget, your birthday is the day after tomorrow." Arnold sniffled, glancing at the wedding ring on his finger, a smile spreading across his face. "You know me I'm not as clever as you at planning surprises. Just tell me what you want...." 
Asher let out a low chuckle. "Then, don't work overtime the day after tomorrow."
Arnold blinked. "That's all?"
The man's voice grew huskier. "And then wash up and wait for me."
"Damn it, I knew it! You old pervert!" Arnold playfully scolded, his cheeks flushed, but his heart was already with him.
As the sun set, a red glow spread across the sky, and Clarice drove toward Tideview Manor.
###chapter2257

In the study, Grant sat poised at his desk, focused on writing calligraphy.
His handwriting was bold and majestic.
"Sir, Justin has been discharged from the hospital," Clarice said as she recalled Arnold's actions, seething with frustration. "That Larson guy is really annoying. Earlier at the hospital, he slapped Justin for Bella's sake and even shoved me! Is he even a man? What kind of person behaves like that?"
Grant smiled faintly and laid out a fresh sheet of paper. "What's wrong? He hit my brother, and now you feel sorry for him?"
"No, I just think he's meddling too much. I'm worried it might disrupt your plans," Clarice said, her eyes darkening. "With someone like him constantly stirring things up and agitating Justin, it could awaken his buried feelings for Bella. If this continues, Justin may really become curious about her again."
"Tonight, get in contact with this person," Grant said, pulling out a file from the drawer and placing it on the desk.
Clarice hurried over, picking it up. Her brow furrowed.
"A member of Overcast? But that organization disbanded long ago. Why are you looking for this person?"
Grant's eyes narrowed slightly. "Keep going through the file."
Clarice turned a few more pages. When she saw a photo of the man, but a familiar face stared back at her, leaving her shocked. "Arnold?! He was part of Overcast?"
"He looks familiar, doesn't he? I was surprised too when I first saw the photo," Grant said, his eyes flashed with amusement. "But that's not Arnold. His name is Kairos Valen. He was a key member of Overcast. Back then, he was Asher's right-hand man and also his first love."
Clarice's eyes filled with admiration. "Sir... You're incredible! How did you even know about this person?"
"I once attempted to dismantle and take over Overcast. If it hadn't been for Asher stepping in at the last minute to save the situation, Overcast would have been mine already," Grant said with a trace of resignation, letting out a sigh. "Asher outmaneuvered me in that fight. I had to concede."
Clarice sneered. "Hmph, but he can't win forever. This time, you'll make sure he loses horribly,"
"At the time, I thought Kairos would be Asher's weak point. I didn't expect him to be so ruthless, going so far to even kill his own lover."
Grant carefully placed his pen down and picked up the freshly drawn calligraphy. "I wonder
if Arnold will be his weak point this time. I'm curious, so I want to test it out."
Clarice, who had been molded by Grant's training, quickly caught on to his meaning.
"I understand. I'll make arrangements tonight."
"Thank you for your efforts."
"For you, sir, I would go through fire and water." Clarice bowed deeply and exited the study.
Grant's face was pale and his eyes cold. He picked up a lighter and set fire to his newly
written calligraphy, watching it burn to ashes.
The paper transformed into flickering flames, dancing like ghosts in his eyes-reflecting both the underworld and hell itself.
###chapter2258

Fortunately, due to immediate medical intervention, Bella's acute gastric hemorrhage was not severe.
By evening, she had been transferred to a regular ward to recuperate. Asher stayed by his sister's side without leaving her for a second. Even the workaholic Ralph took leave from his team to stay and help care for her tonight.
Axel and Roza wanted to visit upon hearing the news, but Asher stopped them.
He knew that Bella was devastated and utterly exhausted. If they showed up, she would force herself to act strong and smile through the pain.
She was too tired, and this hospitalization gave her a chance to finally rest. It also prevented her from doing anything drastic, like harming herself in a moment of despair.
"Ralph... Can you tell me now?" Bella leaned weakly against the headboard, blinking her swollen eyes.
Ralph's eyes were red rimmed, and his voice was stifled with emotion. "Bella, you're so stubborn."
"I've always been stubborn."
Bella frowned and managed a smile, although it was pale and weak. "Otherwise... How could Justin and I end up like this? Ash, Ralph... Don't blame him, okay? He didn't do anything wrong. It's me... I'm the one who lost Justin. It's all my fault..."
Before she could finish, her tear-filled eyes overflowed.
"My dear Bella, it's not your fault either. Neither of you are at fault." Asher's large, calloused hands gently held his sister's clenched fists. His chest trembled with overwhelming bitterness, and his heart weighed heavily in his chest as it thudded painfully.
"Bella, can you promise me something? Look forward. Your life isn't just about Justin or about love. You still have Dad, your brothers and sisters, and everyone in the family. Bella, if you fall apart, what will happen to us? Our mother, watching over us from above, would never want to see you give up on life. Don't you think so?"
"Mom..." For the first time since the incident, a faint glimmer of light appeared in Bella's eyes.
Bella remembered how her mother had suffered-imprisoned in Sentania, hunted by the authorities, fleeing across the land through countless hardships.
Her mother barely escaped with her life before she met her father in Hatchbay. They fell in love, became a family, and eventually had her.
Her mother had endured unimaginable suffering, yet she survived, never once faltering.
If Bella were to fall apart now, becoming a shell of herself, how could she ever live up to being her mother's daughter?
She was Bella, not Juliet. She was not someone who would follow another into death just because they were gone.
Besides, Justin was still alive.
She had said it herself. As long as he was living well, that was more important than anything else.
"Ash... I understand what you mean. I will get better... Give me a little more time, and I'll get better," Bella whispered through dry lips, repeating it to convince herself more than Asher.
Each time she repeated it, Asher's heart ached even more.
"I looked into it. One of the last people Christopher met caught my attention," Ralph suddenly interrupted, breaking the somber mood with his serious tone.
Bella's body jerked forward. "Who?!"
"Grant's personal doctor, Clarice."
###chapter2259
Chapter 2259
Asher's brow furrowed, and Bella's eyes grew cold. The siblings spoke in unison.
"Her?!"
Ralph nodded gravely. "Two days before Christopher's death, Clarice conducted a charitable medical check-up for the prisoners at the detention center. Not long after that, Christopher was reported to have died from heart failure. Although there's no concrete evidence proving it was Clarice's doing, of the people Christopher came into contact with before his death, she's the one with both the opportunity and the means to make it happen. Her sudden appearance at the detention center is just too suspicious, isn't it?"
Bella leaned back against the headboard, her long lashes casting shadows as she lowered her eyes.
"Let's assume Clarice was responsible. That would mean Grant knew Christopher. He must have sent Clarice to get rid of Christopher, likely fearing that if Christopher stood trial, he would reveal something damning about Grant. So, they silenced him to cover their tracks."
Bella's imagination had always been impressive, and her ability to connect the dots was unmatched. Even with just a few scraps of information, she could craft bold and shocking theories.
Asher's eyes widened. "Grant knew Christopher? But they don't have any connections."
Ralph agreed. "After learning that Clarice had interacted with Christopher, I immediately looked into her background. There's no record of her ever knowing him. Their pasts don't intersect in any way."
"But why would she randomly conduct a check-up there? Ralph, you also said it seemed sudden," Bella pondered.
"It wasn't just a check-up. She's become a special consultant to the prison. All the paperwork is done, and the city has already approved it. She officially starts next month."
Ralph's brows knitted tightly together. "There's definitely some uncanny coincidence here. Bella, I wish it were that easy to catch the culprit, but we can't arrest anyone without solid proof. Theories alone won't cut it."
"Grant has been away from Savrow for almost twenty years. We have no idea what he's been involved in or who he's been meeting. Somehow, he knows everything about what's happening here, down to the smallest detail."
Bella shook her head and massaged her aching temples as painful memories surged back like a tide. "When I was imprisoned on Rose Island by Christopher, I once overheard him on a phone call. He mentioned the drug Justin was taking. He spoke with such respect and deference, addressing the person as 'Sir.'
"This man has been pulling Christopher's strings, the one directing him to take over the
Iverson Group and carry out those human experiments. The man on the phone clearly had a deep understanding of the drug. Grant also has significant connections in the field of biopharmaceuticals in Meridan. Are all these things just coincidences?"
A heavy silence filled the hospital room, its weight unsettling.
Everything was too complicated, too full of deception and intrigue. Ralph's mind was spinning.
"Bella, I get it-villains don't walk around with 'bad guy' written on their foreheads. But what would his motive be? He's the eldest son of the Salvador family, born to the legitimate wife of Chairman Salvador. By status, he outranks Justin. Now that he's back, if he wanted power, Justin might not even stand a chance. Why bother with all these underhanded tricks? If this blows up in his face, the consequences will be catastrophic. The risks are enormous!"
Bella closed her eyes, which were bloodshot from exhaustion, and exhaled heavily. "I know. That's what I haven't been able to figure out yet."
"Still, things aren't the same as they used to be," Asher said, his expression dark. "Firstly, Grant has been away from the Salvador family for too long. Justin has gradually taken control of the Salvador Corporation. Justin's network in Savrow is vast, and he has the support of Chairman Salvador. It won't be easy for Grant to regain power.
"In the past, Grant had the backing of the Fowler family. But his mother is gone, and the Fowler family has collapsed. He has no external support and has lost the favor of Chairman Salvador. His situation must be incredibly difficult."
Bella, who was too young to remember the fall of the Fowler family, could not help but ask." Ash, do you know what happened with the Fowler family?"
Meanwhile, outside the hospital room-
Justin, almost as if guided by an invisible force, stood at the door. He had been standing there silently for nearly half an hour.
###chapter2260
 
"Back in the day, the Fowler family was a powerful family, on par with the current Salvador family. Chairman Salvador's first wife was the second daughter of the Fowler family, Isla Fowler. Their marriage had been arranged by Old Master Nigel, and it was widely known as a business alliance.
"Rumor had it that they barely saw each other before the wedding. There was no love or any emotional foundation at all. Old Master Nigel orchestrated the union solely to save the Salvador Corporation from the economic crisis of that era.”
Bella listened to her brother's words in silence. "Marriages of convenience among wealthy families is not a new concept. Even Old Master Nigel once thought of marrying Justin to the Iverson family."
“Isla only had one son, which was Grant, the eldest son of the Salvador family. Although the relationship between her and Chairman Salvador wasn't particularly good, there weren't any public scandals either. The Salvador family benefited from their alliance with the Fowler family, and Isla gave the family an heir. Even if Chairman Salvador had complaints, he couldn't possibly show them."
Ralph seemed engrossed in the story.
"What happened next?" Bella asked.
Asher's gaze darkened. "One night, Isla took her own life by the lake at Tideview Manor, using a hunting rifle."
Bella's eyes widened in shock, her spine prickling with cold sweat. "She shot herself? Why?!"
"Whoa! Isla must have been something else!" Ralph exclaimed, stunned. "Most people who commit suicide try to avoid pain by jumping off a building, slitting their wrists, or overdosing on pills. She shot herself? She really wanted to end it all!"
Asher's brows knitted slightly as he sighed. "The truth behind Isla's death has always been a mystery. Our father has always been a gossip lover. Back then, he had a friend who was always snooping around Chairman Salvador. Even though the Salvador family tried to keep it under wraps, word still leaked out."
Suddenly, Bella recalled something. "That year, Justin's mother was pregnant. Could Isla have killed herself because Chairman Salvador had a mistress?"
Ralph's heart pounded. "A child at the age of four can already remember things. If Isla's death was really caused by an affair, wouldn't that mean that Grant could have grown up holding a grudge and might be seeking revenge on Justin? He might have ulterior motives coming back this time! Justin could be in danger!" 
Bella's heart raced as she listened to her brother's concerns.
"It seems more complicated than that." Asher furrowed his brows in deep thought before continuing in a low voice, "When I was younger, Dad once mentioned that Isla was a very strange woman. She never liked being around people. After their marriage, Chairman Salvado@never took her out in public, and she rarely left the house. There were no reports of her having close friends among the rich housewives either. She was an incredibly low-profile, mysterious woman. 
"Once, Dad accompanied Mom to the hospital for a checkup and ran into Isla. She looked unwell, pale, and dazed. They barely got a glimpse of her before she disappeared. At that time, Grant had just been born."
"Maybe it was postpartum depression." Bella pursed her lips. "Many women suffer from it when they don't get proper care after childbirth. If it was left untreated, then she found out Chairman Salvador was cheating on her; it could've pushed her over the edge."
Asher nodded. "That sounds possible."
"But what does Isla's suicide have to do with the Fowler family's downfall?" Bella still looked puzzled. "Didn't her brother manage the family's business?"
"He was involved in several murder cases."
"Wait!" Ralph's attention peaked the moment he heard 'murder', being a police officer. His eyes gleamed. "I remember an old colleague at the station mentioning this! Thirty years ago, the head of the Fowler family killed two mistresses abroad. After returning, he raped and murdered a 16-year-old girl, dismembered her body, and disposed of the parts in his car. When they arrested him, he didn't even show any fear or remorse. He even smiled bizarrely at the cameras! My colleague said that in his decades of service, that man was the most psychotic criminal he ever arrested." 
"Yes, that was Isla's brother." Asher let out a long sigh, visibly unsettled as he recounted the story. "After Chairman Fowler was imprisoned, the Fowler Group was left without a leader. Eventually, their rivals took over, and the family crumbled completely."
Bella felt a chill spread through her chest, clenching her teeth in disgust. "What a monster!"
Outside the room, Steven hurriedly approached with a lunchbox in hand. When he saw Justin standing utterly still at the door like a frozen statue, he was so startled that he almost dropped the box.
###chapter2261

"Mr. Salvador?!"
Justin snapped out of his daze, slowly turning his gaze. He looked at Steven indifferently, his
voice low and hoarse, like someone who had not drank water in a long time. "How is Ms. Thompson?"
Steven stared at the man in front of him, suddenly overwhelmed by complex emotions. His throat felt constricted. "Ms. Bella... She's sick. Seriously sick. You should see her. She'll be happy to see you. Maybe she'll even get better."
He hurriedly opened the door for Justin.
Justin's lips pressed into a thin line. His long, slender fingers clenched, and he slowly stepped into the room.
His appearance stirred a wave of emotion in Asher and Ralph, but they managed to keep their expressions under control and found an excuse to leave the room.
Soon, only Bella and Justin remained in the room.
Once, they had been sweet, intimate, and blissfully happy lovers. Now, as their eyes met, there were no words exchanged between the couple. A heavy silence filled the room with indescribable loneliness, desolation, and sorrow.
"I heard that you coughed up blood." Justin stood by the bed like a wooden stake, not even bothering to sit down, distant as if he were a guest. "I remember you had stomach issues, but it hasn't flared up in a long time. What caused it this time?"
Bella felt a sting in her nose, but she held back the feeling, forcing a faint, bitter smile.
She had a stomach condition, and it wasn't mild. In fact, it used to flare up often, but it hadn't in a long time because she had lived with him.
Justin had taken great care of her every day, putting in the effort to learn how to make nutritional meals to supplement her health. He tirelessly prepared nourishing dishes that suited her taste. He watched over her like a child, making sure she did not sneak cold drinks or indulge in anything harmful. That was why she had not had a flare-up in years.
But since he left, her heart had been in chaos, and so had her life.
He had spoiled her.
Her mental and life skills had regressed, turning her into a girl who could no longer take care of herself.
But she knew no one could stay a child forever.
She had to grow up again.
"How did you find out I was sick?" Bella's long lashes trembled slightly as she gently asked.
Justin answered frankly, "Dr. Larson told me."
"Oh, Arnold." She forced a smile. "I'm fine now, much better."
"That's good."
Then, another long silence followed.
"Mr. Salvador..."
"Ms. Thompson."
As if in sync, they spoke at the same time.
Bella chuckled awkwardly. "You go first."
"Ms. Thompson, if this was just a sudden stomach illness, I wish you good health in the future. Take better care of yourself. But if you've ended up like this because of me, I hope you'll stop this foolish, self-destructive behavior."
Justin's cold, sharp eyes flickered with a trace of unfathomable emotion. "Let's be clear. Whatever you do, it won't change anything between us. Even if you are pursuing someone, using such an extreme method will only backfire and make me feel repulsed."
###chapter2262
Chapter 2262
Bella stared blankly at him. His cold, stern face was like an expressionless mask.
Even though she stood right in front of him, it felt like there was the greatest distance in the world between them.
He knew she loved him, but he had erected an impenetrable wall, blocking her passionate, overwhelming love for him.
Justin had returned to the man he was three years ago, perhaps even more so.
Maybe he was showing concern for her. But he could no longer be the gentle, caring man who pampered her with every word and thought of her well-being.
Suddenly, an overwhelming sense of despair washed over her, leaving her soaked in defeat, utterly exposed, and painfully clear-headed.
"My stomach condition has always been there. You know that."
Bella met his deep, unlit eyes and smiled in resignation. "Don't worry. Starting today, I'll take care of myself. But I think this will be the last time I'll feel heartbroken over you. I won't do something this foolish again."
'The last time...' Her voice choked slightly as it reached his ears, causing his heart to tremble. "That's good." Justin's throat tightened, and an inexplicable emptiness spread across his chest.
It felt as though his organs were being ripped out, only to be replaced with sharp-edged stones that were tearing him apart from the inside out. The strange emotion trapped inside made him unbearably uncomfortable.
"My villa still has some of your things. When you have time, please ask Wilma to pack them for you," Bella said softly, trying to conceal the deep sorrow and reluctance in her voice.
She had avoided going back, afraid that seeing those things would remind her of him.
The entire house was filled with traces of their love, from the little moments of intimacy to the shared household items they had bought together during grocery runs. Everything came in pairs.
Now, it had all been torn apart.
How could she face it? She couldn't. She could only flee.
Justin's voice remained cool. "No need. Just throw them away."
He was not a wasteful person. Even if he didn't want to deal with it himself, Wilma could sort it out, and Ian could collect it.
It seemed that, in some way, he too was avoiding something he could not quite explain.
Bella's eyes grew hot, but she forced herself to suppress the crumbling pain within, staring into his dark, turbulent eyes. "I've accepted that you don't love me anymore. As long as you stay healthy and live well, that's enough."
Justin's long lashes trembled slightly, but his face remained expressionless. "You too."
"I'm tired. I need to rest." Bella's tearful eyes lingered on the man's deep, cold features. Then she slowly curled her frail body back into the covers, turning her back to him, resembling a pale, fragile cocoon.
"I won't see you out." Her throat burned, her voice choked by the sourness and bitterness rising from her chest, making it painful to speak.
Justin's thin lips parted slightly. His pale lips moved as if he wanted to say something, but no words came out.
Just as he was about to take a step and leave, Bella's weak voice sounded behind him. " Justin."
He stopped abruptly, his broad back tensed.
"Goodbye..." The soft, tearful voice, fragile and fleeting, disappeared in an instant.
Justin's breath hitched, his clenched fists showing bulging veins as he quickly left the room.
After leaving the VIP ward, Ian followed closely behind Justin.
His gaze was deep, confused, and empty. Every step felt heavy, as if his feet were weighed down with lead.
"Mr. Salvador, is Young Madam alright?" Ian couldn't help but ask, his heart filled with
worry.
But Justin kept walking forward, acting as if he hadn't heard Ian.
Frustrated, Ian knew that no one could interfere with matters of the heart.
Now, Justin seemed to be acting like he had some sort of mental block, like he had a heart of stone.
This was an emotional defect. Even the truest heart could not move a stubborn rock.
As for Bella, winning him over seemed like a hellish challenge.
Justin walked on, dazed, his mind filled with the sight of her lying weakly in bed. Her final, heartbroken farewell echoed in his ears.
'Justin, goodbye...'
His empty heart trembled violently. Suddenly, he lost his balance, tipping forward.
"Mr. Salvador, watch out!" Ian shouted in alarm, reaching out to catch him, but it was too
late.
Distracted and off-guard, Justin missed a step.
He tumbled down three steps, landing hard on his left shoulder-the one that had just recently healed from a gunshot wound. A grunt of pain escaped him, and cold sweat instantly soaked through his suit.
###chapter2263
Chapter 2263
Two days passed in a blur. It was Asher's birthday.
Last night, Savrow had its first snowfall of the winter. The trees outside were lightly dusted with white, like pear blossoms in early bloom. It was a romantic and enchantingly beautiful scene.
"Dr. Larson, your white roses have arrived."
Arnold was deeply engrossed in studying Justin's medical records and scans when the nurse appeared, holding a large bouquet of white roses. It was only then that he realized it was already the end of his shift.
"Thank you. Just set them on the coffee table."
He curved his fox-like eyes into a smile, his bright and radiant expression even more striking than the snowy landscape outside.
"Dr. Larson, the roses you bought are so beautiful. Who are they for?" The young nurse blushed as she looked at him; her curiosity piqued.
Arnold stretched lazily, his clear eyes sparkling, and a happy flush appeared on his refined face.
"They're for my love. It's his birthday today."
The nurse's face lit up with excitement. "Is it for Mr. Thompson?!"
"Who else could it be?" Arnold's smile was sweet, without any attempt to hide it.
His man was the most handsome in the world. Asher was his treasure, his heart. If it were up to him, he would hang Asher on his belt and show him off wherever he went.
How could he keep their relationship low-key? He had finally found the love of his life, his perfect match. There was no keeping that secret.
"Wow... That's so romantic!"
The nurse held her round face in both hands, nearly bursting with joy. "Dr. Larson, you and Mr. Thompson must stay happy forever!"
Arnold opened his drawer and took out the birthday gift he had prepared—a luxury watch engraved with both of their initials. His fingers lightly brushed the finely packaged box, and his eyes were filled with warmth.
"Thank you. We definitely will."
Carrying the gift and holding the roses close to his chest, Arnold hurried to the underground parking lot, heading toward his sports car.
Suddenly, a deafening roar of an engine echoed through the cold air.
In an instant, a blinding white light shone on him, forcing him to shield his eyes with his arm.
In the blink of an eye, a black car sped toward him with terrifying speed.
Arnold's face drained of color, his body frozen in shock. He wanted to dodge, but it was too late.
The white roses slipped from his hands, the delicate petals scattering across the ground. Screech-!
The sharp sound of brakes pierced the air as the car came to a sudden stop just a meter away from him.
His chest heaved as he tried to catch his breath. Cold sweat dotted his forehead as he slowly opened his eyes.
The door of the black car swung open.
A man stepped out, dressed in black, with sharp features and an air of dominance. His every step carried an overwhelming pressure as he approached.
"Who are you?" Arnold stared at him, feeling a vague sense of familiarity.
The man's foot landed on the scattered rose petals, causing him to pause for a moment. He bent down and picked up the card that had fallen from the bouquet.
His eyes lowered coldly as he read the clean, elegant handwriting.
[The world may hold countless jewels, but you are the most precious.
I will love you like eternal light, never dying, never ending.
- Happy Birthday, Ash!]
"How pathetic and laughable." The man sneered, his mocking tone uncomfortable to hear. "Give it back!"
Arnold's cheeks flushed red with anger as he reached to snatch the card back, but the man easily avoided him.
"Asher... Is he really worth it? Do you love him that much?"
"None of your business! Who the hell are you?!" Arnold gritted his teeth, his fury rising.
The man smirked. "We crossed paths in Botvia. Surely, you remember?"
Arnold's heart sank, alarm bells ringing in his head as the memory hit him.
"Who are you? Have you been following me to Savrow?!"
"If you really want to know who I am, it's simple. Come with me, and I'll tell you everything." The man gazed deeply at Arnold's beautiful but familiar face, then added, " Don't worry. I swear I won't hurt you."
"No way. Tonight is my man's birthday. I'm spending it with him, and nothing can change that." Arnold bent down to pick up the roses, carefully blowing off the dust on the petals. He turned to leave.
"I know everything about Asher. You'll never find out what I know if you don't come with me." The man tilted his head, a devilish grin spreading across his lips.
"Dr. Larson, aren't you the least bit curious?"
###chapter2264
Chapter 2264
Asher? Was there something about him that Arnold would not know?
Each word felt like a blooming poppy, dangerous and alluring, drawing Arnold in with an irresistible temptation.
It was because he loved him deeply.
Love, after all, was the one weakness people could easily exploit.
"How long will it take? I need to get back soon to celebrate my man's birthday." Arnold finally gave in, his voice steady but filled with hesitation.
"Not long." The man narrowed his cold eyes, shifted slightly to the side, and, with one hand in his pocket, gestured for Arnold to follow. "We'll take my car. Let's go."
The black car sped through the winter night, cloaked in darkness, as neon lights flickered past in a blur.
In the passenger seat, Arnold held onto the bouquet of white roses, his eyes filled with unease as he stared out the window.
Meanwhile, the man driving cast occasional sidelong glances at his passenger, whose face, unnervingly attractive for a man, drew attention effortlessly.
"What's your name?" Arnold pressed again, still trying to uncover his identity.
The uncertainty surrounding this man left him with no sense of security.
The man's enigmatic gaze shifted away from Arnold's face as he tightened his grip on the steering wheel and responded, "My name is Elio Valen."
Arnold repeated the name silently to himself, then continued questioning, "You know Asher? How do you know him? Are you enemies?"
Elio did not look at him again and offered no further answers.
Over an hour later, the black car pulled into a desolate courtyard and came to a stop in front of an abandoned villa.
Despite the neglect and dilapidation, Arnold could see that with proper care, this house would have a unique charm.
It had a vintage European style, and the moment Arnold laid eyes on it, he felt a strange fondness for the place.
Elio stepped out first and politely opened the door for Arnold.
By now, Arnold regretted his decision a little, but it was too late to turn back.
Elio walked ahead, while Arnold followed closely behind, curiosity getting the better of him. "What is this place?" Arnold asked.
Elio halted his steps briefly and glanced back coldly. "What? Asher never told you he has a house here?"
Arnold's eyes widened in shock. "You're saying that this house belongs to Asher? Why would he let it fall into ruin?"
Elio clenched his jaw as he pushed open the heavy doors of the villa. "Because something happened here. After that, this place no longer held any meaning to him."
Inside the villa, all the furniture was draped in white cloth. The air was cold, carrying the musty scent of dust, and the air was heavy, almost suffocating.
Arnold, though particular about cleanliness as a doctor, did not feel disgusted by the state of the place.
On the contrary, he felt a deep sadness, as if time had frozen here, leaving behind a desolate, unspoken sorrow.
Elio led him upstairs to a room that turned out to be a private cinema.
Arnold knew Asher had a passion for movies.
In their home in Meridan, they had a similar private cinema. Countless nights had been spent there, lounging together on the soft sofa bed. Arnold would nestle happily in Asher's arms as they watched old films with tender, heartbreaking lines. They would kiss deeply, sharing moments of intimacy and closeness.
This room looked almost identical to the one in their villa in Meridan.
"What exactly are you trying to tell me?" Arnold demanded, growing increasingly uneasy.
###chapter2265

Arnold's patience was wearing thin. He glanced at his watch, frowning. "If you've got something to say, spit it out. I don't have time to waste here with you."
"Dr. Larson, do you like movies?" Elio ignored his frustration, flashing a wicked smile. "I know Asher loves films. I've got a special one here, something I think he'd really enjoy."
As his words fell, the massive screen lit up, casting an eerie glow over Arnold's pale, bewildered face.
The surround sound filled the room with intimate, playful laughter. Arnold recognized one of the voices immediately it was Asher's. The other voice, unfamiliar but smooth and clear, carried a soft warmth.
"Ash, do you love me?" The man asked with a chuckle.
"I love you." Asher's voice was low, raspy, and trembling with emotion. "I love you, forever and always."
Asher had always been composed, reserved, and disciplined. This level of intensity and raw passion was nothing that would come from the man Arnold knew.
"And what if... One day, I die?" The man's voice held a hidden sorrow, subtle but unmistakable.
Asher's breathing was heavy, labored with emotion. "Don't say things like that! If you die, I'll follow you!"
"No, Ash, I don't want anything to happen to you. I want you to live well. But if that day does come, I hope you'll remember me... Forever."
Arnold felt the blood in his veins pool in his chest, his heart pounding against his ribs like waves crashing through his organs.
Each beat left his heart more fractured and his soul more scarred.
His trembling hand gripped the sofa for support, barely able to hold onto the bouquet of white roses in his arms.
On the screen, Asher appeared alongside another handsome man, their faces pressed close to each other. The intimacy between them was unmistakable.
Arnold's eyes reddened as he stared blankly at the screen. The man looked strikingly similar to him, sharing many of the same features. Yet, no matter how alike they seemed, Arnold knew with painful clarity that the man receiving Asher's kisses and tender affection was not him.
With a quiet rustle, the white roses fell to the floor, petals scattering haphazardly around his feet.
In the video, the two men moved like lovers, undeniably in love.
Arnold was merely a bystander to their happiness.
The video was filmed by Asher himself, probably as a personal vlog. The scenes unfolded inside this very villa.
They cooked together, laughed while cleaning the yard, and clinked glasses on the balcony, enjoying the wind and each other's company. Every frame was filled with warmth, with love -and in every moment, the other man was Asher's sole focus.
Arnold and Asher had done all these things together once, too.
The memories that had once been so sweet now felt like knives, each one twisting deeper into his heart. The entire room had become a living hell, where every second tore him apart.
"Dr. Larson, he looks a lot like you, doesn't he?" Elio's voice broke the silence, his eyes gleaming with a mix of blood and hatred as he stared at the man on the screen. "Allow me to introduce him to you. His name was Kairos, my younger brother and Asher's first love."
"Lover... First love..." Arnold's voice cracked, his eyes wide with disbelief as tears rolled down his cheeks. His body trembled uncontrollably.
"We weren't blood-related," Elio continued, his voice laced with bitterness. "We met in an orphanage and grew up together. I took the last name Valen, but back then, Kairos did not even know his own last name. So he called me his brother and took my last name."
Elio's expression tightened as he struggled to control his emotions. His gaze shifted back to Arnold, who stood frozen, his face drained of all color.
"My brother endured immense pressure from society to be with Asher. In the end, to protect Asher, my brother died by Asher's hand, taking the bullet that was meant to spare him pain."
Elio's smile twisted into something cruel as he spoke, his eyes gleaming with spite. "And now, just a few short years after my brother's body has turned cold, Asher's already replaced him with someone new. The man who once vowed eternal love to Kairos has thrown him aside without a second thought!"
###chapter2266
Chapter 2266
"What's more ridiculous is that Asher found a ridiculous substitute like you." Elio sneered, his voice dripping with malice. "Does he think he's being deeply devoted? That his feelings for my brother are so unforgettable, so eternal, that he found a substitute to take his place just to ease his longing?"
'Substitute!' The word echoed in Arnold's mind like sharp, bloodied daggers, stabbing viciously at his suffocating heart. He never asked for Asher to only love him. He only cared about being the last one. He did not care about Asher's past.
But what he absolutely could not tolerate was the idea that Asher had fallen for him and loved him because of his face-a face that resembled his former lover.
"Haha... If I ever get the chance, I'd love to ask Asher in person. Does he think it's fair to Kairos to replace him with someone else? Is it fair to you, Dr. Larson, to be nothing but a substitute for my brother?"
Elio's laughter was maniacal and mocking. He even shed tears. "But I bet Asher doesn't think he's done anything wrong. That man is arrogant, crazed, and ruthless. He'll stop at nothing to get what he wants."
His gaze locked onto Arnold's, eyes gleaming with cruel satisfaction. "Dr. Larson, our dear Asher has been plotting this for a long time."
'Plotting for a long time.' The words echoed through Arnold's mind like a death knell.
His vision swam, red and black flickering before his eyes, and with a weak stagger, his legs gave out beneath him, sending him crashing to the floor.
Time ticked by slowly, minute by minute. It was already past 8:00 p.m.
To make Arnold's life in Savrow more comfortable, Asher had bought a four-story villa in a quiet, private area near the city center as a small gift to the man he loved. It was their shared home.
That night, Asher had gone shopping, returning with bags of ingredients and selecting a fine bottle of red wine. He was preparing dinner himself.
Even though it was his birthday, the dishes he made were all Arnold's favorites.
Asher never considered his own preferences. In his heart, in his eyes, there was only his little fox.
The table was filled with beautifully prepared dishes, and Asher, despite being covered in sweat, was filled with contentment.
But no matter how long he waited, Arnold still had not returned.
He knew Arnold was a workaholic, often losing track of time when he got busy. But tonight was special. Arnold had promised not to work late.
Worry gnawed at Asher. He pulled out his phone, just about to call his lover, when the doorbell rang.
He quickly walked to the entrance and opened the door. Standing there were Bella and Steven, holding a cake and gifts.
"Happy birthday, Ash!" Bella's thin face lit up with a warm smile. She looked healthier than before, at least outwardly.
Steven also smiled as he said, "Happy birthday, Mr. Thompson."
"Thank you. Come in and sit." Asher's heart softened at their gesture, though a flicker of concern remained. "Bella, are you sure you should be out of the hospital so soon? Are you okay?"
"I've been fine for a while now! I'm a steel warrior!" Bella grinned, glancing inside with a playful glint in her eyes. "Where's Arnold? He's inside, right? Don't worry, Ash, we're just here to drop off gifts. We'll leave right after. No third-wheeling, I promise!"
"Arnold isn't back yet."
"Not back yet? It's so late already!"
"I was just about to call him. I'm not sure if something came up at the hospital."
Just as he was about to dial, Asher's phone rang.
He glanced down at the unfamiliar number, his brows knitting together in concern. For some reason a tightness formed in his chest.
Pressing the answer button, he brought the phone to his ear, his voice deep and cautious." Hello, who is this?"
"Happy birthday, Mr. Thompson." The voice on the other end was cold and mocking, sending a chill down Asher's spine.
###chapter2267
Chapter 2267
At that moment, a bitter, biting wind swept across Asher's face, as if slicing through the night.
"Matrix." The long-forgotten title echoed like a ghostly whisper from distant memories shrouded in blood and storms. Yet the mere sound of it sent shockwaves through Asher's chest, reverberating through every fiber of his being.
The voice had something familiar about it, but he could not place it.
"Who are you? A former subordinate from Overcast?" Asher turned his back to the others, his voice dropping to a menacing whisper.
"Ash..." Bella, noticing the sudden shift in his expression, felt her heart clench with worry.
"Oh, Matrix, so quick to forget," Elio's voice slithered through the phone, cold and venomous, each word a stab to Asher's already frayed nerves. "It seems no one else matters to you except Kairos, right?"
"You're... Elio?!" Asher's mind raced, sharp pain clawing at his chest. The darkness outside pressed in like jagged walls, closing in from all directions, suffocating him.
Kairos was Asher's hidden love, the scar that had never fully healed. He had buried that pain deep-too deep to touch, too raw to confront.
But now, panic welled up inside him for a different reason. The sudden call and Arnold's absence stirred an overwhelming sense of dread in Asher that spread like wildfire.
Elio's cold laugh echoed through the line. "I'm sorry, Matrix. Did I interrupt your cozy little love nest?"
"You're with Arnold? What are you planning to do?" Asher's hand clenched into a fist, veins bulging as his heart raced in fear.
"I want Dr. Larson to see the real you." Elio's voice dripped with venomous delight, each word filled with icy malice. "Kairos died because of you, and he will never rest in peace. I won't let someone as pure as Dr. Larson fall for your disgusting lies. Every time I look at his face, I see my brother's tragic death, and I can't help but want to pull him out of the hell you've trapped him in."
Asher's vision blurred with rage, his mind on the verge of snapping. "Elio! I know... I know how much you've hated me all these years. If you have a grudge, come after me, but don't hurt Arnold!"
"Ha! To you, Dr. Larson is just a substitute. Don't you find it laughable to pretend like you're so deeply in love with him in front of me?"
Asher could not bear hearing the cruel truth, and his voice cracked as he roared, "No! He's not a substitute! He's not!"
Standing at the doorway, Bella and Steven heard everything clearly. Steven did not fully understand the conversation, but Bella, knowing her brother's past all too well, felt a chilling horror creep through her body. Elio's laughter stopped abruptly, his voice now seething with fury. "He's not a substitute? Then what was Kairos? You promised that you'd die with him! But now, you've got a new lover and just tossed Kairos aside like he never meant anything! Your so-called 'love' is nothing but worthless garbage! The biggest mistake my brother ever made was loving you!"
"Enough!" Asher's body shook uncontrollably, the fury inside him rising like a caged beast desperate to break free. Years of pent-up guilt and rage boiled over, transforming him into something primal, something savage." If you say 'substitute' one more time to insult Arnold... I swear, I'll kill you!"
"Go ahead and try." Elio's voice hissed with cold disdain. "Ever since Kairos's death, every day of my life has been meaningless anyway."
There was a pause, the air crackling with tension. Elio's voice sounded again, low and chilling. "Your precious Dr. Larson is in the villa where you once lived with Kairos. You better hurry.*
He let the words hang in the air for a moment before adding with an almost mocking tone, 'T'm sure this birthday of yours will be unforgettable."
The line went dead.
Outside, the temperature had plummeted, and snow had begun to fall, blanketing the ground in a thin layer of white. But Asher did not even stop to grab a coat. Without a second thought, he bolted from the villa, leaping into his black sports car, and within seconds, the roaring engine cut through the night as he sped off, disappearing into the darkness.
"Mr. Thompson!" Steven shouted after him, his voice laced with panic.
Bella felt a sinking dread. "Something's happened to Amold! We have to follow him!"
The black sports car tore through the streets, running every red light, the engine's roar slicing through the still night. It was as if the car was flying, blurring through the city at breakneck speed.
Asher's grip on the steering wheel was so tight his knuckles turned white, his left hand trembling while his right hand was repeatedly dialing Arnold's number.
At first, the call went through.
By the third attempt, Arnold's phone was turned off.
"Arnold... Arnold, don't do this to me..." Asher's face was drenched in cold sweat, his breathing labored, and every muscle in his body was on the verge of collapse.
His mind was flooded with brutal images, each one more horrifying than the last, each one a nightmare he could not bear to face.
###chapter2268
Chapter 2268
Asher could not bear to imagine what his world would be like without Arnold. If he lost Arnold, it would be as if the sky collapsed, leaving nothing but a desolate wasteland behind.
Gasping for breath, Asher rushed into the villa, his heart pounding. The place was cold, dark, and eerily silent.
Immediately, the buried memories he had long suppressed surged back with overwhelming force. Gripping his chest, he tried in vain to suppress the crushing pain.
Since Kairos's death, he had not set foot in this villa-not even once. His lover had died at the height of their affection. The gut-wrenching guilt and sorrow of that moment were emotions only someone who had lived through such devastation could understand.
But now was not the time for sadness.
Desperation took over as Asher called out for Arnold and frantically searched room by room.
When he reached the second floor and saw the light on in the private cinema, his heart raced. He rushed inside.
"Arnold!"
The room was empty, save for Arnold, who sat motionless on the sofa, his eyes vacant. White roses lay scattered at his feet, their petals strewn across the floor.
On the screen, the intimate video of Asher and Kairos continued to play on a loop, though the sound had been turned off.
Arnold stared at it blankly, his pale lips curling into a small, bitter smile.
He was laughing at himself.
"Arnold... Stop watching! Don't look at it anymore!" Asher had no way to turn off the screen, so he positioned himself between Arnold and the video, trying to block his view. "Elio is targeting me! Don't let him get to you. Don't believe what he says!"
"Even if 99% of his words are lies, this one is true."
Arnold slowly raised his swollen eyelids, his tear-filled gaze locking onto Asher's sweat-soaked face. His smile was broken, his words hollow. "Your one true love... Was him, not me."
Asher's heart clenched painfully. "That's not true..."
"The truth is, your heart left with him a long time ago..." Amold's voice was drawn-out and heavy, like someone who had walked a long, exhausting journey only to reach the end utterly drained. "He was your one true love, the person you were willing to give your life for. I'm just a painkiller, a temporary relief for your grief, and a substitute."
His voice wavered with pain as he continued, "Those nights when you kissed me, when you held me... You were thinking of him, weren't you? You were just grateful you found someone who looked so much like him, who just happened to love you so desperately."
"But no matter what... No matter how similar we are... It's all a lie-a lie you can never truly convince yourself of."
Tears welled up in Asher's eyes as he shook his head, unable to deny the truth Arnold was tearing himself apart with.
"I will never be anyone's shadow. I'd rather die than live as a substitute." With those words, Amold pulled out a white rose from behind him. His cold, resolute gaze met Asher's as he raised the flower, revealing that its stem had been sharpened into a blade.
Before Asher could react, Arnold pressed the stem against his delicate cheek, dragging it across his skin with a swift, ruthless motion.
A thin, bloody line appeared where the rose had cut him-a stark, raw scar that marred his once flawless face.
"Ash, tell me... Do I still look like him?" Arnold asked, smiling through the pain.
"Arnold! No!"
Asher's eyes widened in horror. He reached out, but before he could stop him, Arnold slashed his face a second time.
The two red gashes stood out against his pale skin, like cracks in pristine porcelain-violent, painful, and unforgettable.
Arnold let out a broken laugh, tears mixing with the blood that streamed down his face. "Tell me... Do I still look like him? Do you still want me?"
"Please don't do this... Arnold, I'm begging you!"
Asher dropped to his knees before him, gripping Arnold's wrists tightly, his pride and arrogance shattered in the face of his lover's anguish. Tears streamed down his face as he pleaded, "You can hate me, hurt me, do anything you want to me... But please don't hurt yourself. Not like this."
He was willing to bear anything except watching Arnold destroy himself.
"Are you feeling sorry for me now?" Arnold let out a bitter laugh, the tears mingling with the blood staining his cheeks. "No. You're not feeling sorry for me. You're using me to save yourself, to fill the void left by the one you truly loved. You've been saved. But who will save me?"
His hand, still holding the white rose, fell limp to his side. His voice grew faint as he closed his eyes. "Asher... Let's end this."
###chapter2269
Chapter 2269
The white roses were now stained with crimson drops of blood.
"Let's end this." A few simple words, spoken so softly, shattered Asher's ironclad heart, leaving it in pieces too broken to even look at.
"Arnold... I won't let you leave me!" Asher trembled from head to toe. A storm unlike any other was raging in his usually composed eyes. "I know who I love! You were never anyone's substitute! Arnold. Don't leave me... I won't let you leave me!"
Asher was terrified, more than he had ever been.
Tears flowed as he begged, then he turned desperate, doing whatever he could to keep Arnold. He would try anything and accept anything, as long as the person he loved did not leave him again.
Asher had barely survived the first time. A second time would drive him to madness.
Asher's breath grew harsh, his reddened eyes filled with obsession. He opened his arms, desperate to embrace the man who was falling apart in front of him. As he leaned in, a sharp pain tore through his left eye. "Don't touch me!"
Arnold, overwhelmed and out of control, had grabbed another rose, its sharp stem slashing across Asher's left eye.
Luckily, Asher had closed his eyes just a second before, or the rose stem would have cut his eyeball, possibly even blinding him.
Arnold stared in shock at the deep cut running across Asher's eye. For a moment, the sight pulled him from his overwhelming pain.
His hands trembled violently, wanting to reach out and care for him. But he forced himself to hold back. With a hoarse voice, he said, "Asher, you need to go to the hospital..."
Asher did not care about himself. Blood trickled down his pale face, but he pulled Arnold close with an almost savage force.
"Promise me that you won't leave."
Arnold's voice was hollow as he allowed himself to be held. The warmth from Asher's embrace was now completely gone. "I admit it, I still love you. But I can't convince myself to stay with you anymore."
"Even if we forced this relationship to continue, I'd feel like I was playing the role of someone else every day by your side. Your love for me has lost the purity it once had. What I want is that simple, pure love."
Arnold smiled faintly, though his voice broke. "You and him... You were an enviable pair. It's because of him that I was able to experience such a deep, unforgettable love with you."
Asher's body stiffened.
"But it's enough, Asher. Let's end it here."
When Bella and Steven arrived, Arnold was already gone.
In the empty room, Asher's tall figure remained kneeling, his back hunched, casting a lonely shadow across the floor.
Bella's heart sank, and she took a step back, overwhelmed by the sight.
The man in front of her was still alive, but he looked like a ruin, left behind after a brutal war.
"Ms. Bella, what happened between Mr. Thompson and Dr. Larson?" Steven had asked her all the way there, but she had stayed silent, her anxiety growing.
Steven had worked alongside Asher for years and had never seen him completely devastated.
Taking a deep breath, Bella steadied herself. "Steve, wait outside. I need to talk to my brother alone."
Steven frowned but nodded, stepping outside to wait.
Bella slowly walked over to her brother, her eyes filling with tears. She kneeled beside him, gathering the scattered roses one by one. When she picked up a card, she saw the heartfelt confession written on it.
Her long lashes quivered as she broke down, her tears soaking up the beautiful words.
Then, a surge of fury rose within her, consuming her.
Bella could tolerate many things, but absolutely no one could hurt her family, especially not on a day like today.
It was unforgivable to stage such a dramatic scene and stab a knife so cruelly into Asher's heart on his birthday.
It was a direct attack on his deepest wound.
"Ash, I told you from the very beginning. If you love someone, you must give them absolute trust. You have to be completely honest with each other, not just with your bodies but with your hearts. There can't be any secrets, especially when it comes to love."
Bella kneeled beside Asher, her voice hoarse and heavy with emotion. "I believe you love Arnold deeply, but you have to admit it part of what drew you to him was his resemblance to the one you lost."
She sighed, struggling to keep her voice steady.
"You should've told him that from the start, but you didn't. You kept it from Arnold all this time, making him believe in you and trust you completely, only to suffer such a blow. How could he handle that? How could he possibly stay by your side after that? He's such a proud person.... He gave up everything to be with you, but from the very beginning... You lied to him."
"Arnold is nothing like Kairos... Aside from their faces, they're nothing alike..." Asher kept his head bowed, his voice thick with bitterness and exhaustion. "Arnold is not gentle. He's willful, spoiled, reckless... Sometimes, even more unreasonable than a little girl..."
###chapter2270
Chapter 2270
Asher said, "But I love him... I can't stop loving him."
Bella squeezed her eyes shut, trying to stop her tears. Arnold often seemed like a gender-reversed version of herself. Her brother's feelings for Arnold mirrored the intense affection she once had for Justin. If the love wasn't deeply ingrained, why would he be so indulgent and accepting?
"Bella... I was wrong, terribly wrong." Asher's broad shoulders shook violently as he spoke. "I was indeed attracted by Arnold's appearance, but what I love is his soul. But I feared that Arnold would leave me because of my past with Kairos... So I couldn't be honest with him. I was too ashamed to speak up. I wanted to give him the perfect love story. I was wrong... Had I known... Had I known...
His voice choked up, unable to continue. The rose he clutched had its thorns driven deep into his palm.
Bella collected herself and asked softly, "Ash, before you came here, you received a call. Who was it from?" "Elio... He was like a brother to Kairos when he was in the orphanage. They were as close as blood-related brothers, and both were my core subordinates when I led Overcast."
"Was this person secretly bothering you all along?"
Asher shook his head. "Since Kairos passed away, I disbanded Overcast. Elio hasn't appeared since." Bella's brow furrowed in concern. "Why now? Why wait until today? Was it just so you could have an ' unforgettable' birthday?"
The timing struck her as suspicious. Asher and Arnold's relationship had been publicly known and widely discussed, even trending online. Kairos must have known that Asher had found someone who looked remarkably like his brother. To stay silent for a year and then make such a dramatic appearance now seemed too coincidental. It could not just be for revenge.
"Ash, we'll discuss the details later. You're injured, and I need to get you to the hospital first." Bella stepped forward to support Asher, but having just recovered from an illness herself, she struggled to help his heavy frame.
"Bella... I need Arnold." Asher's eyes were filled with tears and blood, the pain in his left eye blinding him. "I don't love anyone else... I only love Arnold. I want him back..."
"Ash, we need to go to the hospital!" Bella looked at his scarred face with heartbreaking pain. "I'll talk to Arnold. He loves you too. He won't want to leave you."
Asher insisted on going with Bella to find Arnold, but she firmly stopped him. She was worried about his eye injury and knew that, given the current situation, it was best for both of them to calm down. Otherwise, things could only get worse.
Steven accompanied Asher to the hospital while Bella tried to reach Arnold without success. The city was vast, and even with all her resources, finding Arnold seemed like searching for a needle in a haystack. She feared he might do something drastic.
Desperate, she contacted Drew.
An hour later, Drew reported back, "Arnold is at the Savrow airport waiting area. He's booked the next flight to Meridan, and the flight is scheduled to take off in an hour!"
Bella could not afford to waste a second. She raced toward the airport, her car speeding through the night. Despite the headlights, visibility was poor, and the recently fallen snow made driving dangerous. But nothing would stop her.
She pushed her car to 180 km/h, her skills tested by the slippery roads. She had to reach the airport before the plane took off.
"Arnold, don't leave... Don't leave us!" She whispered urgently, her heart pounding and her eyes stinging with tears.
Suddenly, a blinding white light flickered in her rearview mirror.
Confused, she glanced back but saw nothing but the endless road behind her
At that moment, a black car suddenly shot out from her right and rapidly closed in on her.
Bella's eyes widened in shock, and she swerved the wheel sharply.
Bang-!
###chapter2271
Bella's bright red sports car was struck forcefully on the right side.
Luckily, there were just the two of them on the highway-her red car and the other black one. If a large truck had passed by at that moment, the consequences would have been unimaginable.
"Damn it!" Bella cursed under her breath, her forehead covered in cold sweat as she gritted her teeth.
It was obvious that the black car was intentionally trying to stop her.
Bella clenched her teeth, slammed her foot down on the gas pedal, and swerved hard to the left.
Another loud crash echoed as the two vehicles collided again, sending sparks flying in a dazzling display as their doors scraped against one another.
In that brief flash of light, Bella glanced over at the car, which seemed like a demonic presence in the darkness. But it was no use. The windows were tinted, blocking any view inside, and the surroundings were pitch black, leaving her unable to see the driver.
Yet in that instant, Bella understood.
The black car had been following her all the way to the airport, just to ram into her right before she arrived.
It was clear they wanted to stop her from getting to the airport and finding Arnold.
"That bastard! I won't back down!" Bella let out an angry roar, her eyes burning with fierce determination.
Without hesitation, she rammed her car into the black sedan once more.
The chilling wind howled as the loud crashes filled the air, sending a shiver down her spine.
The driver of the black car was caught off guard by the seemingly fragile girl's unexpected strength and bravery, briefly halting the attack.
With the flight's departure time approaching, Bella had no desire to engage them further. She stepped on the gas pedal, determined to speed away and leave them behind. Suddenly, a deafening explosion tore through the night sky.
Seated in the car, Bella felt the violent impact as the windshield shattered with a resounding crack, leaving her unable to see anything.
All the windows exploded at once, sending shards of glass flying like piercing icicles, slashing across her delicate cheeks.
The next second, searing pain pierced through her head, and the world around her began to spin.
The red sports car flipped over and rolled onto its side. If not for the guardrail, the car would have plunged down the slope, leaving little hope for her survival.
Her vision blurred as darkness crept in. A piercing sound rang in her ears, and severe pain shot through every inch of her body, as if each bone had been shattered.
"Justin... Justin..."
In the wreckage of the car, she lay on the cold, hard ground with tears streaming from her eyes.
The once vibrant and confident young woman had been reduced to this vulnerable state.
In her weakest, most hopeless, and despairing moment, her thoughts instinctively turned to Justin. But she soon snapped back to the painful truth. 'He's gone.' 
The man who had once protected her from danger, who had risked everything for her, was gone.
Bella struggled to breathe as she tried to cry and yell hoarsely. Her delicate fingers clawed at the ground, desperately trying to escape from the wreckage.
Suddenly, a pair of dark leather boots came into her blurry sight.
A faint familiarity stirred within her.
Bella stopped crying, trying to lift her head to see the face of the person standing before her. But the pain overwhelming her body made it impossible for her to move.
Jace watched as Bella struggled to climb out of the wreckage. Her fragile frame was even more delicate than the falling snowflakes on the ground.
He could not help but frown as he gently scooped up the exhausted Bella, cradling her in his arms.
"Let me go... I need to... Find... Arnold," Bella mumbled with her eyes shut, unable to stop the tears streaming down her face.
Jace glanced down at his watch.
Arnold's flight had already taken off, so his mission was complete.
Yet, for some reason, his chest felt unbearably heavy, as if something was suffocating him.
Bella's voice was faint and confused, her mind hazy from the crash.
"Arnold... Don't leave us," Bella murmured weakly.
###chapter2272
Bella murmured Arnold's name, crying and begging him not to leave.
'How could there be such a foolish girl?' Jace thought.
Bella leaned against the man's chest, groaning in agony, her tears soaking through his shirt.
The faint warmth of her tears helped chase away the deep, bone-piercing chill in his heart.
"Bella..." Jace murmured, his lips parting as he softly called out her name.
However, Bella had already lost consciousness, so she could not hear him.
Jace held the injured girl close and carefully carried her toward his car.
"Bella..." Jace silently said her name again. For some reason, a sudden, sharp pain shot through his head, and an intense, uncontrollable emotion welled up within him, making his chest tighten.
Jace gritted his teeth, looking at the severely wounded Bella in his arms, her head bleeding profusely.
His heart also felt as though it was being torn apart and bleeding uncontrollably.
Similar to what happened in Sentania, Jace intercepted Bella and swiftly took her to the nearest hospital for emergency treatment.
The key difference this time was that he did not leave. Instead, he stayed hidden at the hospital.
Early that morning, up on the hospital rooftop, Grant's voice came through the phone, calm and pleased. “Jace, you did well. I'm on my way to the hospital now. You can leave now."
The strong wind blew against Jace's tall, sturdy frame.
He pulled up his collar and lit a cigarette, turning his back to the freezing wind as he pressed the phone to his ear, his voice low and gruff. “Sir."
"Hmm?"
“This time... Ms. Thompson almost lost her life." Jace clenched his jaw, his frown growing deeper. “Wasn't it too much? After all, she's just a defenseless woman."
Grant chuckled softly. "Jace, are you feeling sorry for her?"
Jace's eyes narrowed, and he immediately replied, "No, but I may have been a bit too rough. I'm worried might seriously hurt her one day. After all, Ms. Thompson is someone you care about, isn't she?"
There was a brief silence on the other end, the only sound being the wind howling through the phone.This content is ? N?velDrama.Org.
Grant replied, "I trust you. You know how to handle things, especially when it comes to her."
Jace furrowed his brows as a strange feeling welled up inside him. Grant's words had been too ambiguous.
"Do you know why Bella is someone I care about?" Grant suddenly asked.
For as long as Jace and Grant had known each other, their relationship had been one of master and subordinate.
Grant would sometimes show concern for Jace and even engage in conversation with him, but he never really opened up about what was on his mind.
Grant's heart was like an abyss that swallowed up anyone who tried to get too close.
"Because my brother loved her deeply, and she loved Justin." Grant burst out laughing, his voice piercing like the cold wind, cutting to the bone. "Her love awakened Justin's ability to love. She was the ray of light that saved Justin from the darkness of his past and brought brightness to his gloomy existence. Her brothers became his friends, and her family became his. All of this was simply because he had Bella."
Jace's vision blurred momentarily. In his hazy memory, he saw many men and women surrounding him. They felt familiar, but he could not remember their names.
"Justin was truly fortunate to have what others could never obtain in their entire lives." Grant was still laughing but his laughter grew colder, Jike a sharp blade slicing through Jace's eardrums. "But did he deserve any of that? Why couldn't those things belong to me?" 
"Sir..."
"That's why I want Bella gone from his life forever. I want his world to be empty, with no one left by his side."
###chapter2273
Chapter 2273
The unconscious Bella was immediately rushed to the emergency department after Jace brought her to the hospital.
Just before she was wheeled into the emergency room, Bella faintly regained consciousness.
She vaguely recalled the man in black leather boots carrying her all the way to the hospital and into the emergency room.
His chilling, piercing aura felt strangely familiar to her. But Bella was in excruciating pain. Her mind was drowning in a haze of agony, leaving her no room to think of anything else.
During the harrowing moments of the surgery, Bella drifted into a state between waking and sleeping. In this hazy, dreamlike state, she began piecing together the events that had transpired since her time at Rose Island, linking the seemingly disconnected clues in her mind.
Bella vaguely realized that Arnold's abrupt departure was only the beginning.
She could not let anyone else around her get hurt. So, even with only a fragment of awareness left, even in her battered condition, she refused to let her mind stop working.
Bella thought about RC Biotech's Research Facility in Meridan, Christopher's involvement in the drug trials, Jace who looked just like her fifth brother Hugh, as well as Christopher's suspicious death in prison that was allegedly from drug abuse. Finally, she thought of Justin, whose brain was damaged by the drugs, stripping him of his ability to feel emotions.
Today, Asher's former subordinate suddenly resurfaced to tear apart his relationship with Amold. A suspicious car even stopped her from meeting Arnold at the airport before his flight.
There had to be a connection between all these events!
In her blurred vision, she saw the doctors and nurses moving hurriedly around her, their anxious voices echoing in her ears.
Her eyelids drooped heavily, her long lashes trembling with unshed tears that sparkled under the dim hospital lights.
She thought to herself, 'Bella, pull yourself together! You can figure out what's going on. You can do it!'
With a loud thud, her body felt as cold as ice, as if she had plunged into a deep, bottomless pool, sinking further and further.
Just as she was on the verge of suffocating, about to fall into the arms of death, she faintly heard someone calling her name.
"Bella? Ms. Thompson? Bella..*
Only Justin called her "Bella" with that tone.
Bella gasped sharply, her reddened eyes snapping open. But the face that met her gaze was not the one she wanted to see.
What met her gaze was a cold, fair, handsome, and refined face that caused her heart to sink back into the icy abyss.
This was not the person she longed for.
It was Grant.
"Thank goodness, Ms. Thompson, you're finally awake!" Grant sat in his wheelchair, stationed by her bedside.
His deep, dark eyes were fixed on her pale, tear-streaked face, his expression filled with unmistakable tenderness as he said, "How do you feel? Where does it hurt? I've already called for the best surgeon in the entire capital to come here. Don't worry, I won't let anything happen to you."
Bella's moist eyes shimmered weakly, clear and pure, stirring a sense of pity in anyone who saw her.
"Earlier... What did you call me?" Bella asked in a fragile voice.
Grant did not take his eyes off her beautiful eyes. His voice was warm and steady. *Bella. Is it okay for me to call you that?"
Bella said nothing, but her brows furrowed slightly.
It was clear she did not like that.
Grant noticed her resistance and let out a light chuckle.
"I'm sorry. I know that I overstepped. But please, believe me, it wasn't intentional.*
A sharp pain pierced Bella's chest, and her eyes reddened with tears.
Grant patiently continued to explain, "The doctor told me that it's best for someone to stay by your side and call out your name to help wake you up."
###chapter2274
Chapter 2274
"From now on, I won't call you that if you dislike it. But I was genuinely concerned about you and wanted you to regain consciousness quickly."
Bella responded with a cold smile.
Her heart carried deep wounds, so such trivial matters held little importance to her.
"Mr. Salvador... Why are you here?" Bella's body was in pain as she struggled to sit up, but her strength failed her.
"Don't move yet." Grant quickly held her down, his voice soft and persuasive. "The doctor said you were very lucky. You didn't suffer any fractures, but you have several external injuries and a mild concussion, which shouldn't be taken lightly. You need to rest and be under observation for a while."
Bella, stubborn as always, shot him a sharp look. "You still haven't answered my question."
Grant's lips curled faintly, responding calmly, "My personal doctor, Ms. Amaryllis, has a villa nearby. I went to visit her because I suddenly felt unwell, and she brought me to the hospital. Coincidentally, I saw you being rushed into the emergency room."
'Coincidentally?' Bella's heart sank. If anyone else said that, she might believe it. But she could not trust this man's words.
"How long was I unconscious?" Bella asked.
"It wasn't for too long-just about a day or so." Grant leaned in closer, his voice soothing and reassuring. "I didn't have your family's contact information, but I reached out to my grandfather. He has already let Chairman Thompson know about your car accident. Don't worry, your family is on their way to SavroW." Bella's expression wavered. She tried to sit up again, but Grant gently held her down.
Bella protested. "I'm fine... I can be discharged!"
"I know you don't want your family to worry, especially your father." Grant's gaze deepened, filled with concem. "But Ms. Thompson, you're still a young woman, constantly running around on your own. Don't you think your family must be terribly worried about you? Rest assured, I only contacted my grandfather after confirming you were no longer in danger."
"Mr. Salvador, you're meddling too much in my affairs!" Bella bit her lip, her emotions visibly flaring.
She struggled to push her trembling body, trying to leap out of bed. However, her legs gave out, and she fell "Careful! A deep, concerned voice filled with urgency echoed in her ears.
In the next moment, Bella fell straight into Grant's arms.
The man, with his well-defined muscles hidden beneath his tailored suit, tightened his arms around her in a protective embrace.
A faint scent of medicine mixed with an indescribable fragrance wafted into her nose. It was so familiar...
This was the second time they had come into physical contact since she had helped him stop his wheelchair from sliding off the slope.
This time, it was even closer.
"Ms. Thompson, you can't move around just yet. You need to rest and heal, Grant murmured, lowering his head to look deeply into her tearful eyes, his voice hoarse and a bit strained.
His tall frame sat in the wheelchair, while Bella was perched on his lap, her head resting against his firm chest. She could hear his strong, steady heartbeat.
The scene was undeniably intimate.
However, Bella's gaze remained cold, her face pale and delicate. She was composed, and her suspicion deepened.
She was a doctor herself, skilled in surgery and knowledgeable in medicine.
For a man who had relied on medication to control his illness and who had suffered organ failure, how could his heartbeat be so steady and powerful?
Not to mention, it was difficult to recover from organ failure. How could someone who had been confined to a wheelchair for over a decade have such defined, tense muscles in his limbs?
She could clearly feel her hips pressing against the firm muscles of his thighs.
When she was young, she had sat on her brothers' laps, and as an adult, only Justin's.
Though Grant's muscular frame was concealed beneath his suit, she had the distinct feeling that his physique was no less impressive than Justin's.
Something was not right!
"Ms. Thompson, would you prefer to stay in my arms, or would you like to lie back down on the bed?"
Seeing her remain quietly nestled in his embrace, Grant arched his dark, clear eyes and spoke in a low, deep voice. "I don't mind either way. It's up to you. I just don't want you to be uncomfortable."
Bella's heart tightened. Her mind was momentarily blank as she tried to move.
Just then, the door to the hospital room swung open.
###chapter2275
Chapter 2275
"Bella!"
Wyatt and his three wives, Asher, and Axel rushed into the hospital room.
Amelia, who was pregnant, had insisted on coming to see Bella, but everyone forced her to stay at home, leaving Steven to take care of her.
Seeing Bella nestled in Grant's arms, everyone was momentarily stunned. The room fell silent.
"Dad..." Bella's eyes were brimming with tears as she struggled slightly against Grant's broad chest, unable to get up. Her cheeks flushed with embarrassment, making it seem as if they were lovers caught in a private moment.
Grant smiled faintly as he stood up from his wheelchair and gently placed Bella back on the bed, carefully tucking the blanket around her.
Everyone exchanged bewildered glances.
Though the Thompson family resided in Hatchbay, they were still one of the top-tier families.
They were just as familiar with the gossip of Savrow's upper circles as anyone else, especially the kidnapping case from 20 years ago, which had been the talk of the town.
They knew well the damage Grant had suffered in that incident, leaving him dependent on a wheelchair for the rest of his life. Yet here he was, standing, appearing no different from a healthy man
At that moment, Clarice hurried back and was surprised to see Grant caring so gently for Bella.
Clarice was taken aback, crumpling the medical report in her hand.
After observing Grant for so long, she knew him to be aloof, ascetic, and refined. Grant appeared gentle, but in truth, he was unfeeling.
Yet this man before her was showing such tenderness and consideration toward Bella.
Clarice knew she should not feel jealous, but jealousy was a natural human emotion. No matter how hard she tried to suppress it, she could not ignore the feeling.
"Chairman Thompson and respected ladies," Grant bowed gracefully, his posture upright. "I am Grant, the eldest son of the Salvador family. It's an honor to meet you all."
Wyatt's expression was complex, but he nodded understandingly as a response.
"Mr. Salvador!" Clarice seized the moment, hurrying to Grant's side. As she rushed past Axel, her shoulder brushed against his.
The men in the Thompson family were all physically fit and trained in self-defense. When Clarice brushed against Axel, his broad shoulders were like rocks, and the impact made her wince in annoyance.
Their eyes met. Axel's gaze was sharp and intense.
Perhaps due to his many years as a prosecutor, Axel had a remarkable ability to perceive details. He could not shake the feeling that this stranger seemed oddly familiar to him.
While a person's appearance and voice might change, there was one thing that remained constant-their eyes. Axel's brows furrowed slightly as he made a mental note to investigate this woman.
"Mr. Salvador, please sit down." Clarice rushed to help Grant back into his wheelchair, her face full of concern." You're still weak. It's best to be careful"
Grant smiled faintly. "I'm fine."
"Bella! My dear daughter!" Wyatt stepped forward, tightly grasping his daughter's scarred hand, his tall figure trembling with emotion. He was barely able to stand, supported by Mila. "How are you feeling? Tell me, where does it still hurt?"
"Bella, how could this happen? How did you end up in a car accident? You have no idea how worried we've been! Your father, he even..." Mila's eyes were brimming with tears, almost letting something slip, only to be silenced by a sharp look from Wyatt.
But Bella noticed everything, her heart filling with even more guilt, self-blame, and sorrow. "Dad.... I'm sorry for worrying you all..."
As she spoke, her eyes reddened, and tears began to fall. Within those tears lay a sense of grievance.
The one who once stood beside her through thick and thin was no longer there. From now on, if there was a mountain of blades, she would face it alone. If there was a sea of fire, she would dive in herself.
###chapter2276
Chapter 2276
Justin would no longer be there to whisper in her ear, "Bella, don't be afraid, I'm here."
"You little brat... you're already 26. When will you finally stop making me worry?" Wyatt's voice was hoarse and gruff. His reproachful voice cracked as tears welled in the eyes of the powerful man who had always been in control of everything.
"Ash, how could Bella, with her excellent driving skills, end up in a car accident?" Axel's voice tightened with anxiety as he glanced at the pale-faced Asher beside him. "I heard it happened on the way to the airport. The weather has been so awful these past few nights. What was she doing going to the airport alone?"
Asher's long lashes were wet, and his heart felt as though it had been ripped apart, overwhelmed by deep
SOIIOW.
Sensing the change in his brother's expression, Axel asked with concern, "Ash, what's wrong?"
"Bella went to the airport to chase after Arnold," Asher muttered, as a strong metallic taste of blood filled his
throat
Axel froze, his heart sinking. "Arnold went to the airport? Bella chased after him? What's going on?"
Asher could no longer speak. His tall figure shook in defeat, and he nearly lost his balance.
Arnold had left. His little sister got into a car accident because of him, and now she was covered in wounds. Asher had vowed to protect them both, but in the end, he had ruined everything
Asher turned away, his steps faltering as he left the hospital room.
Sensing something was wrong, Axel immediately chased after him.
In the empty hallway, Asher stood facing the wall. He rested his forehead against the cold surface, repeatedly banging his head against it.
Tears spilled uncontrollably from his eyes, splashing onto the ground.
"Ash! What are you doing?!" Axel had never seen his brother lose control like this. He panicked and rushed forward to pull him away, gripping his trembling shoulders tightly. "Tell me what happened! We're brothers. We'll figure this out together!"
"Arnold left..." Asher's forehead was red from the impact. His eyes were distant, and his voice shattered. "He broke up with me... He's gone."
Axel sucked in a sharp breath of cold air in disbelief.
Inside the hospital room.
After reviewing Bella's latest medical report, Wyatt and his three wives finally felt a slight sense of relief.
"Mr. Salvador, thank you for stepping in to help. Otherwise, my daughter would've been alone in the hospital, and who knows what could have happened?" Wyatt said.
Though he was puzzled by the ambiguous scene he had walked in on earlier, he still felt it necessary to express gratitude to the man who had helped his precious daughter.
"Chairman Thompson, you're too kind. You can just call me Grant. I was only at this hospital for a checkup when I happened to run into Ms. Thompson* Grant's handsome face was as smooth as fine jade, and he gave a modest smile, exuding an air of grace. "Ms. Thompson and I seem to be connected by fate."
Wyatt pressed his lips together. If his daughter were single, such words would not have been an issue. But Bella already had someone in her life, so hearing that felt a bit awkward.
Bella took a deep breath and glanced over at Grant. Coincidentally, Grant also looked at her with a gentle gaze. When their eyes met, it looked like there was some lover's tension between them.
"When we arrived, we heard that the person who caused the accident dropped Bella off at the hospital and then ran away. Without a word?!" Sasha was furious. "What kind of heartless person does that?! Even if they didn't want to take responsibility, they should've at least apologized to us! Running off like that is considered a hit-and-run! The Thompson family won't care about a few dollars of medical bills, but we deserve an explanation!"
Mila bit her lip, her eyes still red. "Sasha, you should be thankful. If they were truly heartless, they wouldn't have even brought her to the hospital. That would've been terrifying
Celeste furrowed her brows in worry. "Check the surveillance footage. After all the suffering Bella has endured, we need to find the person responsible. We can't just let this slide."
Sasha nodded in agreement. 'Exactly! We can't let it go! I'll send the Southern Star Syndicate to investigate. We'll catch that person in three days, no matter what!"
"Bella, where's Justin? You're in this condition, so why isn't your man by your side?" Wyatt asked anxiously, still clueless about everything that had transpired.
Wyatt was confused seeing his daughter unconscious for an entire day and night and noticing that the one caring for her was not her boyfriend, Justin, but rather his brother, Grant.
Bella's heart momentarily stopped. She forced herself to stay composed, suppressing the pain deep within her dark eyes.
Just as she was trying to figure out how to explain things to her father, Clarice suddenly feigned surprise and said, "Chairman Thompson, didn't you know? Mr. Justin and Ms. Thompson have already broken up."
###chapter2277

Clarice's words were like a thunderbolt out of a clear sky, catching the Thompson family completely off guard.
Bella shuddered violently, her fingers clenched into fists beneath the quilt.
"What did you just say? Justin and my daughter broke up?!" Wyatt's face was full of shock, thinking he must have misheard.
Clarice replied, "It's absolutely true. Your sons are all aware of it, but it seems that you're still unaware."
Celeste nearly burst into tears, shaking her head repeatedly. "That's impossible... How could it be?!"
Mila's eyes were wide with disbelief. She asked shakingly, "Broke up? Why would they break up for no reason? They were so in love! How could this happen?"
A shadow of malice flickered in Clarice's blinking eyes. "You shouldn't be asking me; you should ask Mr. Justin. From what we heard, it was he who suggested the breakup..."
"Break up, my ass! Even if you held a gun to Justin's head, he would never do such a thing to our Bella!" Sasha completely lost control, her anger exploding as she pointed directly at Clarice's seemingly innocent face. "Who the hell are you? Stop spreading rumors and trying to stir up trouble! If you've got some twisted feelings toward Justin, I'll tear your mouth off and break your hips!"
"Madam Sasha, I'm merely stating the facts. Why are you yelling at me? Don't you think that's unbefitting of an elder?" Clarice's sharp eyes held a cold gleam as she bit her lip and sneered. "Besides, even Ms. Thompson has accepted the reality. If you truly care for her as an elder, you should respect her decision rather than take it out on others."
"Damn it...!" Sasha was about to rush up and slap her, but Mila and Celeste held her back.
Grant's cold, ink-black eyes darkened as he sternly rebuked, "Clarice, enough! Don't be rude to Ms. Thompson's family."
Clarice immediately lowered her head in obedience, taking a step back. However, the corner of her lips barely lifted, revealing a chilling satisfaction.
So what if she got scolded? Her goal was already achieved. She had successfully provoked the Thompson family, stirring up their negative feelings toward Justin.
"I suggested the breakup with Justin." Bella was already feeling deeply miserable. Seeing her family fighting over her and Justin's relationship only added to her exhaustion and heartache. "Don't blame Justin... Our breakup has nothing to do with him. He did nothing wrong..."
Tears brimmed in Mila's eyes as she asked, "Bella, why? What happened?"
"About a month ago, Christopher kidnapped Ms. Thompson in Sentania." Grant, seeing that Bella had no energy left to explain, spoke on her behalf.
"Kidnapped?!" Wyatt and the three ladies nearly fainted on the spot.
"Please don't worry; the danger has long passed. My brother rescued Ms. Thompson from Christopher unharmed." Grant sighed heavily before continuing, "Unfortunately, during the confrontation, Justin fell into Christopher's trap and ingested a drug that damaged his brain, causing him to lose the ability to feel emotions. So..."
"That's enough! Don't say any more!" Bella's eyes filled with angry tears as she struggled to sit up.
Just then, the man's broad, warm hand gently rested on her shoulder. His gaze was deep as he looked at her flushed face.
"So, Justin decided to break up with Ms. Thompson. Since they haven't registered their marriage, there's still time to reverse course. Although my brother no longer loves Ms. Thompson, he is kind-hearted. Ms. Thompson is still young, and he doesn't want to ruin the rest of her life, so he made this choice. That is why they broke up."
Bella stared at the man's calm, composed face, her eyes brimming with tears.
Everything he said was true. But at this moment, was it necessary to lay it all bare in front of her father, cruelly exposing the truth to the elder man?
After so much time spent together, her father had already come to see Justin as a son. How could he possibly accept such a blow?
The three ladies were completely unable to process the devastating news, glancing at each other, each at a loss for words.
"How is Justin now?" In the end, it was Wyatt who held himself together, asking with concern for Justin's well-being.
He was not just asking for formality's sake. Wyatt genuinely cared for Justin as if he were his
own son.
Grant's expression grew darker, though his lips curved faintly. "My brother is fine now. Please don't worry."
"That's good... That's good..." Wyatt murmured softly. He looked at his daughter, but his heart was filled with indescribable pain.
###chapter2278

Wyatt thought, 'But what about my Bella?'
His most cherished daughter, born with a deeply affectionate nature, had set her heart on Justin for life. Now that Justin no longer loved her, how could she possibly move on? The one left behind always suffered the most.
At that moment, a nurse knocked and entered the room. "Mr. Salvador, it's time for your follow-up."
"Alright, I'll be right there."
Clarice gripped the wheelchair handles as Grant bid Wyatt farewell, maintaining his respectful demeanor.
Grant said, "Chairman Thompson, I'm sure you have a lot you want to discuss with Ms. Thompson, so I'll take my leave. This hospital has excellent medical facilities, and I've arranged for renowned surgeons to conduct a consultation for her tomorrow morning. If you're not comfortable with this arrangement, you can transfer your daughter to another hospital. I can assist with that as well. It won't be an issue."
Wyatt took a deep breath before responding, "Thank you."
After Grant left, Wyatt asked his three wives to leave the room as he wanted to speak to Bella alone.
"That Clarice girl, what's her deal? The more I see her, the more I dislike her!" Sasha
fumed, hands on her hips, stomping her foot in frustration. "If it weren't for Wyatt being there, I would've slapped her already!"
"I heard she is Grant's personal physician," Mila said, pulling a handkerchief from her bag to wipe away her tears.
"A personal doctor?"
Though Celeste was quiet, she was incredibly observant and had an excellent memory. "I recall Cece, who takes care of my daughter, mentioning that Clarice loves doing her nails, but her profession doesn't allow it. None of the doctors at their hospital even wear nail polish, yet this woman's nails are noticeably long-not outrageous, but still inappropriate for her profession."
Mila and Sasha, one too consumed by sadness and the other too busy arguing, had not noticed that detail at all.
Celeste frowned. "The Salvador family is prestigious. Grant is Chairman Salvador's eldest son, raised with the utmost care. If Grant is in poor health, how could they let such an unprofessional doctor near him? It's quite strange."
"Hmph, she may be a doctor in name, but who knows what she really is?" Sasha sneered. "I remember when I was young, some of my father's colleagues would keep all sorts of 'help' around them-nannies, massage therapists, instructors, you name it... But in the end, it was all about what was going on between their legs!"
Celeste remarked, "But Grant seems quite upright..."
Sasha retorted, "How upright could Gregory Salvador's son be?"
Celeste bit her lips in silence.
Realizing her slip, Sasha quickly added, "Of course, Justin is an exception!"
Mila, deep in thought, suddenly asked, "Where are Asher and Axel?"
Both women mentioned that they had not seen them.
"You two wait here. I'll go find them." Although Mila said she was looking for the twins, she also wanted some quiet time alone to clear her head.
Among the three ladies, her love for Bella was no less than the others.
Mila had been the first to marry into the Thompson family and had watched Bella grow up, treating her as her own daughter.
Seeing Bella go through a car accident and a breakup left Mila heartbroken, and she struggled to compose herself.
Her eyes still red, Mila wandered slowly down the empty corridor, her steps heavy with sorrow.
As someone from a medical family and a board member of a pharmaceutical company, she could not fathom what kind of drug could separate two people who had once loved each other so deeply.
Such a substance could not even be considered medicine. It was pure poison!
"Alvin..." Mila suddenly thought of her brother, who was serving a sentence in prison.
Although he had later gone into business, in his youth, he had been a top student in the field of biopharmaceuticals and had contributed greatly to the expansion of the Larson family's enterprise. It was because of this that their father had entrusted the family business to this adopted son.
Perhaps her brother might have some insight into what had happened to Justin.
Suddenly, Mila stopped dead in her tracks, her breathing erratic as a heavy tremor ran through her body.
Less than 100 meters away, leaning against the balcony railing, stood a man in a black leather jacket. He was tall and sharp, his brows cold and stern.
He tilted his chin upward, his neck taut, giving off a striking yet melancholic air. The man exhaled a puff of smoke, his expression carrying a deep sense of loss, dejection, and solitude.
"Hugh..." Mila blinked hard, her heart aching fiercely as her body trembled. Overcome with emotion, she cried out, "Hugh!"
###chapter2279

Mila's emotional cry echoed down the entire hallway. Naturally, Jace heard it loud and clear.
He froze for a moment, locking eyes with the middle-aged woman, whose eyes were brimming with tears just a few meters away.
For some inexplicable reason, his heart felt heavy and sluggish, his breathing laced with an indescribable gloom. It was the same feeling he had when he watched the severely injured Bella crawl out of the overturned car.
"Hugh... Is it really you? Hugh!" Normally dignified and composed, Mila now stood sobbing uncontrollably, completely losing her composure. "Hugh... It's your mother! You're still alive... You're really alive!"
'Mother...?' Jace stared blankly at the woman approaching him, his heart seeming to pause as though someone had pressed the spacebar. His fingers holding a cigarette trembled slightly.
The next second, a sharp headache pulled him back to reality.
Jace quickly extinguished the cigarette on the balcony and disappeared like lightning before Mila could reach him.
"Hugh!" Mila, ignoring everything, rushed forward but lost her balance and fell heavily to the ground. She scraped both knees, the pain and sadness overwhelming her as she lay on the floor, unable to get up.
Meanwhile, on the adjacent balcony, just a wall away, Jace took a deep breath, listening to the woman's sorrowful cries.
His muscles tensed as he suppressed the headache, his eyes turning bloodshot.
Inside the hospital room, Wyatt and his daughter were finally having a long-overdue heart to-heart conversation.
"Dad... Please don't worry."
Wrapped in a loose hospital gown, I Bella looked so small and fragile. Her face was pale as snow, as though it would melt with the lightest breath. Yet she smiled while looking up at her father, trying her best to appear strong. "I'm fine. At first, it was really painful, but now... I'm over it."
"You and Justin have broken up?" Wyatt gripped his daughter's cold hand tightly, his eyes filled with concern. "You're my precious daughter. Do you think I can't tell what you're feeling? I'm old, not stupid, and certainly not blind!"
Bella choked up, "Dad..."
"Sigh! I'm just an old man with one foot in the grave. What's the point of dignity at this age?" Wyatt sighed heavily, gritting his teeth. "Tomorrow, I'll go to the Salvador family and have a proper talk with Justin. Let's see if there's any chance of reconciliation.
"You both loved each other so much and went through so much hardship together. I saw it all. I don't believe in all this talk of medicine or emotional disorders... As long as he's still alive, as long as his heart is still beating, I don't believe that boy can stop loving you just like that!"
Wyatt knew what it was to love someone deeply. That kind of love, etched into your bones, could only end when life itself ended.
The Thompson family had a distinguished lineage, surpassing even the Salvador's status. Wyatt had only made one formal proposal in his life, to Bella's mother. Now, he was ready to make a second proposal-on behalf of Bella.
"Dad, there's no need. I've already come to terms with it."
Bella forced herself to suppress the bitterness inside and smiled faintly. "Justin's health is the most important thing right now. With his elder brother back, there may be upheavals in the Salvador Corporation. Justin needs to focus on the family struggle, and I don't want to distract him. Let fate decide everything else..."
"Silly girl... You've already endured three years of suffering by Justin's side! Now that you two are finally together, you're going to sacrifice yourself for him again? You're the apple of my eye. How could I bear to see you hurt yourself like this?"
Wyatt's voice trembled with pain. "You think of everything for him... But what about yourself? What will you do if he doesn't love you anymore? He promised to protect you, didn't he? What has he protected?"
The words were harsh, but Wyatt was heartbroken and spoke without thinking.
"Dad, Justin became like this because of me. So whatever he does to me... I don't blame him." Bella smiled gently. "From now on, I only wish for him to be healthy and safe. That's all that matters. Nothing else is important."
Suddenly, the door to the room opened.
Mila, disheveled and unsteady, entered the room, supported by the other two ladies.
Wyatt had never seen Mila in such a state before, so he was alarmed. He quickly rushed over to support her trembling body.
"Mila, what happened to you?"
"Wyatt!" With a voice trembling from deep within her chest, Mila collapsed into her husband's arms, sobbing. "I saw Hugh... Our son, Hugh! I saw him!"
Wyatt's heart skipped a beat, shocked. "How is that possible? Hugh has been gone for years!"
"Mila, could it be that your mind is playing tricks on you because of all the stress?" Sasha expressed her concern for Mila's mental state. "Hugh was in a plane crash, and no one survived that crash. The plane went down into the sea. This was all officially confirmed."
"Hugh is my son! How could I be mistaken?" Mila wept uncontrollably. "Just now, on the balcony in the hallway, I saw a young man in a black leather jacket, smoking... He looked exactly like Hugh! How could there be two people in the world who look so alike?"
Wyatt's emotions surged within him, but fearing it might be a false hope, he remained calm and said, "Mila, maybe it's just a coincidence..."
###chapter2280

"It's not a coincidence!" Bella sat up straight, her eyes burning with intensity. "Aunt Mila didn't mistake what she saw. There is a man who looks exactly like Hugh! I know him. His name is Jace. I met him while I was under Christopher's control on Rose Island in Sentania!"
The Thompson family was utterly stunned.
"Bella! Is he Hugh?!" Wyatt pressed for an answer.
Bella bit her lip, falling silent. She was deep in thought. 'Why would Jace appear at the hospital at this time?'
There was only one possibility. That night, the person who hit her with the car was Jace. The person who brought her to the hospital was also Jace.
But when she woke up after losing consciousness, the first person she saw was Grant.
'Christopher, Jace, Grant...'
Suddenly, Bella felt a shiver run down her spine, as though she had just woken from a dream.
A thought leaped into her mind, one that seemed absurd on the surface but terrifying when examined closely.
Bella did not believe in coincidences, especially when all the coincidences seemed intricately connected.
"Bella, speak up!" Mila's eyes were red with urgency. "Is he Hugh? Hugh didn't die... He survived, didn't he?"
Bella took a deep breath. Her eyes suddenly brightened with realization. "Aunt Mila, did you say that he was smoking in the hallway? Did he leave after finishing his cigarette, or was he still smoking when he left?"
"Maybe... I scared him off. He crushed the cigarette and left in a hurry."
"Aunt Mila, tell my brothers to go to that balcony and look for the cigarette butt he left behind."
Bella's heartbeat quickened, feeling as though the fog of deception and confusion before her was beginning to clear. "Then, take that cigarette butt and compare it to Hugh's DNA. We'll know whether it's him or not with a single test!"
Jace, with his hands stuffed into the pockets of his leather jacket, walked alone through the hospital's underground parking lot, his expression dark and brooding.
He recalled the woman who claimed to be his mother, and his heart clenched painfully. His mind was a chaotic mess.
"Jace!"
Jace's head snapped up, and he saw Clarice approaching with a cold look on her face. "Why are you still here? Didn't the Boss tell you to leave immediately after bringing Bella to the hospital?"
The man's eyes narrowed. After he had delivered Bella to the hospital two nights ago, his heart remained unsettled, though he could not explain why.
Jace feared he had hit Bella too hard and feared that she might not make it out of the emergency room alive. So he stayed, watching from the shadows. But none of this was something he would ever tell Clarice.
To him, this woman was a snake, a scorpion-cold-blooded under a human disguise and anything but human. He would not reveal a single thing to her.
"I'm watching over the Boss. After all, the Thompson family is here now." Jace's voice was indifferent, his gaze icy.
Clarice blurted out anxiously, "It's precisely because the Thompson family is here that you shouldn't be!"
Jace took a step closer, his voice low and dangerous. "What do you mean by that?"
Clarice had initially harbored suspicions about him, but after her own slip of the tongue, she panicked and quickly explained, "Bella isn't someone to be underestimated, and you've already shown your face in front of Drew. If the Thompson family finds out you're at the hospital, they might connect you to her car accident. If you and the Boss are seen together, Bella could start questioning your relationship with him, and that would cause a lot of trouble."
Jace pressed his lips into a thin line, remaining silent.
"You should leave now. Take my car." Clarice urged.
"No need."
Jace coldly refused, brushing past her.
"Oh, by the way, you didn't leave any traces behind in the hospital, did you?" Clarice, meticulous by nature, asked one more question.
Jace suddenly remembered the cigarette butt he had left on the balcony, but he did not give it much thought. Over the years working for the Boss, he had never left any evidence at a crime
scene.
His DNA was not in the police database, so even if he left a cigarette behind, nothing would come of it.
"No traces."
With that, he walked away, his back solitary and proud as he disappeared into the distance.
###chapter2281
Chapter 2281
The next morning, Justin suddenly woke up from his sleep. For some reason, he was drenched in cold sweat.
His breathing was labored as he reached for his phone, squinting to check the screen. It showed over twenty missed calls from Nigel.
Ever since being discharged from the hospital, Justin had been dealing with lingering side effects. His head would ache every night, and he had not gotten a full night's sleep in three or four days.
Last night, he felt like he could not take it anymore, so he took some sleeping pills and slept through the night until morning.
Rubbing his throbbing temples, Justin got up and was about to return Nigel's call when he heard lan's voice outside the door.
"Mr. Salvador, are you awake?"
"What is it?"
"Your grandfather is here and requests to speak with you downstairs."
After freshening up, Justin dressed in a tailored black suit and made his way to the living room while dialing Arnold's number on his phone.
Despite the unpleasant way his last meeting with Amold had ended at the hospital, with Arnold slapping him and storming off, Justin remained unfazed.
Perhaps due to his emotional distance, he was only concerned with regaining his health enough to resume normal functioning at work.
However, after three attempts to call Arnold, it remained off. Justin frowned slightly and put his phone away. In the living room, Gregory and Nigel were already there, and the air seemed tense.
"Grandpa, Dad," Justin greeted them, his deep black eyes shifting toward Nigel "Grandpa, have you been looking for me? What's the matter?"
Nigel was extremely anxious and exclaimed, "Justin, something has happened to Bella!"
Justin's expression remained indifferent, showing no trace of emotion. "What happened to Ms. Thompson?" "She was in a car accident. You need to come with me to the hospital immediately and see how she's doing!" Nigel was anxious and had barely slept all night, the dark circles under his eyes betraying his exhaustion.
Ian, standing nearby, turned pale with fear. His young madam, Bella, was a skilled driver, practically a racecar goddess. It was unfathomable that she would be in a car accident.
She was clearly in a fragile emotional state, consumed by her feelings for him. Ever since he left, her life had descended into chaos.
"Is she badly injured?" Justin asked. His deep and enigmatic gaze wavered slightly, though it was fleeting.
"I called Chairman Thompson. Bella made it through surgery and is awake now. But I heard her car completely flipped over. Her body is so delicate-can she withstand such trauma? You must come with me now to check on her!"
"She has several brothers and her family around her. She doesn't need me." Justin's voice lowered as he looked down. "Besides, given my current status, visiting her wouldn't be appropriate."
When lan heard this, his face grew even paler, his heart sinking.
"Justin! What nonsense are you spouting? That's Bella! The girl you cherished so much that you cried in front of me, begging her to come back to you! How can you be so heartless now? You're breaking my heart!"
Nigel's eyes turned red with anger, and he slammed his cane hard against the floor. "Are you so sick in the head that you've lost all humanity? Bella has sacrificed so much for you, yet you won't even visit her? Do you still call yourself a man?"
Justin felt his chest tighten. His expression was distant and cold as he responded, "Grandpa, Bella and I have ended our relationship. Continuing to hold onto the past will only cause her more pain."
Just as Nigel was about to respond, Gregory chimed in coldly, "Dad, let them go their separate ways. I don't see why that's such a problem."
Nigel's face turned red with anger. "You-!"
Gregory continued, "In the past, they loved each other and went through a lot together. I didn't have anything to say about it back then. But now that Justin no longer loves Ms. Thompson, why must you make him suffer? You can't force someone to feel affection if it's not there anymore."
Gregory took a deep breath, his gaze firm. "Moreover, I think Ms. Thompson never truly loved Justin as much as you think. Maybe she loved him, but I believe she loved herself even more. If she truly cared for him, how could she allow him to repeatedly put his life in danger? How could she bear to see him face such risks without thinking about the fact that he, too, has a family who worries about him? What would we do if something happened to him? Has she ever spared a thought for that?"
"You... Ah!" Nigel was at a loss for words, his nose stinging and throat tightening. Perhaps his old age had slowed his reactions, but this was the first time he could not find the right thing to say
Meanwhile, Justin stood tall and proud, like an unmovable mountain, his demeanor cold and distant. Yet as he took in the words, something deep within him stirred painfully, his fingers curling slightly at his sides.
###chapter2282
Chapter 2282
Nigel sank onto the couch, disheartened by Justin's cold expression. 'How could everything have gone back to square one like this?'
Even he could not bear this outcome. How could Bella possibly cope with it?
Gregory said, "Justin, you have a meeting in the morning. You should get going."
Justin remained stoic, turning and leaving the room without a word.
Bella was still in recovery, having slept in a hazy daze all morning. She had not eaten breakfast or lunch, and it was not until the afternoon that she slowly woke up.
When she saw her brothers, Asher, Axel, and Ralph, by her side, it brought a touch of warmth to her heart, casing the chill left by Justin.
"Bella, are you feeling any better?" Asher's voice was raspy as he tenderly clasped her frail, bony hand.
Gazing at her eldest brother's once-dashing features, now seemingly aged overnight, Bella felt a sharp pain in her heart.
"Ash, what about you? Are you alright?" Bella asked gently.
"I'm doing okay," Asher said as he forced a stiff smile. But he was not fine at all. He was in terrible shape.
"Ash, leave this to us. You should book a flight to the Meridan and bring Arnold back!" Axel pressed a large hand on Asher's shoulder. "Both of you love each other so much. After everything you've been through, I don't believe a few words from outsiders could tear you apart!*
Asher closed his heavy eyelids and shook his head.
He knew too well that the mistake he made this time was unforgivable. Arnold, who had always been so proud, had gone as far as self-harm to break things off with him, completely severing their ties.
Could he really win Arnold back?
Bella noticed the turmoil in her eldest brother and gently persuaded him. "Let Amold have some time to himself. Sometimes, pushing too hard can backfire."
Feeling the uneasy atmosphere, Ralph decided to change the topic.
"Bella, I've already sent that cigarette butt off to the forensics team, and they're going to run a DNA test on it. We should get the results back in a few days."
The hospital could only compare blood samples for DNA but could not analyze physical evidence. Fortunately, the Thompson siblings were influential in their respective fields.
"That's great! As soon as the results come out, we'll finally know if Jace is really our brother!" Bella's heart filled with hope-the first real happiness she had felt in some time.
Neither Asher nor Axel had met Jace before, so they did not know the resemblance between Jace and Hugh But Ralph was overcome with emotion. "If... If Hugh is truly alive, then our family will be complete again!"
Tears filled Bella's eyes as she nodded in agreement.
Axel asked anxiously, *But... If the man you're talking about really is Hugh, how did he survive? Also, why is he tied up with Christopher? Why doesn't he remember a single thing about Bella? Hugh was such a pure- hearted and kind person. Even if he lost his memory in the accident, how could he seem like an entirely different person without a trace of his former self?"
His words sent Bella into deep thought. 'If Jace was indeed their fifth brother, even with memory loss, why had his personality changed so drastically?'
Suddenly, there was a knock on the door.
Axel quickly walked over and opened it, but the moment he saw who it was, he could not hide his displeasure. "Mr. Salvador?"
"Mr. Axel." Seated in a wheelchair, Grant had a thermos on his lap. He lifted his chin slightly and smiled at him. "Is Ms. Thompson awake?"
Axel's eyes flickered with a hint of wariness. "What do you want?"
The man smiled politely, but there was no warmth in his expression. "I brought some homemade soup and side dishes. They're light and nourishing, perfect for her recovery."
"That's not necessary. My sister-"
To Axel's surprise, Bella's soft voice interrupted him. 'Is that Mr. Salvador? Let him in."
###chapter2283
Chapter 2283
The three brothers were all taken aback.
Bella's expression was softer than usual, and her tone had a noticeable gentleness to it. That usual coolness and distance that kept most men, aside from her brothers and Justin, at arm's length was gone.
Did this car accident lead their little sister to a profound realization that she changed her personality?
Axel gritted his teeth and had no choice but to let the man in.
"Thank you." Grant's smile was as warm and gentle as a spring breeze. He maneuvered his electric wheelchair to Bella's bedside and placed the thermos in front of her bed.
Bella pressed her pale lips together. "Mr. Salvador, I appreciate your effort, but I'm not really hungry right now." Grant's clear, graceful eyes softened with a gentle glow, and he said with a smile, "You skipped breakfast and lunch. Are you really not hungry?"
Bella's eyes widened in surprise. "How did you know?"
"I've been staying in the room next to yours, waiting for you to wake up." Grant chuckled softly, somewhat embarrassed. "I know you have plenty of people to take care of you. I stayed for the convenience of my follow- up exams and to offer you extra support."
He continued, "Tve already arranged for the best doctors in the country to gather in Savrow for a consultation to ensure you recover fully. You won't have to worry about any long-term complications in the future." The Thompson brothers glanced at each other.
Upon hearing this, Bella replied in a calm tone, "Thank you, but I don't think that's necessary. I am a doctor myself, after all."
"I know, Ms. Thompson. You're the famous Dr. Brown in the surgical world. But as the saying goes, even doctors can't heal themselves."
Grant's lips curled into a relaxed smile, his deep voice both captivating and persuasive. "Ms. Thompson, I know you're incredibly capable and independent-a true goddess in your field. But even someone as strong as you needs to take a break now and then. You should give others a chance to help you and not push yourself too hard. You're exhausted. So why not take advantage of this time in the hospital to rest and not think about anything else? Is that alright?"
Bella's long eyelashes fluttered, and she caught the underlying meaning in his words.
An ordinary woman might have easily been won over by Grant's gentle care and impeccable sense of propriety, but Bella was strong-willed.
His demeanor, while affable, was perfectly measured-not overly attentive nor too cautious. His gestures of goodwill were just right, making people feel comfortable and subconsciously want to get closer.
In a moment of daze, Bella was reminded of Christopher.
To win her over, Christopher had initially approached as a friend, gradually revealing his intentions. Each time he made his move, he gave himself a reasonable, even irrefutable, excuse.
In some ways, Grant's and Christopher's methods were similar.
However, Christopher had ultimately lost his patience. His impatience and ambition led him to hurt her repeatedly, even targeting the people around her.
But Grant was far too mysterious. Bella knew almost nothing about him.
Thus, the only viable strategy was to get closer to him and blend into his world.
"Ash, you guys should leave for now." Bella took a deep breath, her expression showing no hint of weakness. The three Thompson brothers had no choice but to leave the room.
Outside the door, Ralph rubbed the back of his neck anxiously. "Something's different between our little sister and Grant. Has she ever spoken so gently to any man besides Justin?"
"Damn it! What I feared most is happening! Axel muttered, massaging his temples in frustration. "Now that Justin and Bella have broken up, Bella is in her most vulnerable state. This is the time when she needs someone by her side the most. Grant is swooping in right now, so he's got a good chance of winning her over! If Bella lets her guard down for even a moment, Justin won't stand a chance anymore!*
Ralph's heart pounded, and his eyes widened. "That can't be! Bella is crazy about Justin. After everything they've been through, could some random man just waltz in and replace him?"
"Why not?" Asher's eyes were dark and brooding as he leaned against the wall, his tall frame carrying an air of defeat. "Feelings, no matter how deep, can wear thin over time if they're met with coldness and indifference Eventually, they fade, and you let them go. Back then, Bella loved Justin dearly, but in the end, she still made up her mind to divorce him, didn't she?"
The other two brothers knew that Asher had just gone through the pain of a breakup, so his thoughts were understandably pessimistic.
Ralph broke the tension with his sudden remark, "Ahem... To be fair, Grant doesn't seem like the type to have improper thoughts on Bella. I mean, look at him! His body's been weakened by years of medication, and he's in a wheelchair. I'm not sure if he can even get 'it' up.."
###chapter2284
Chapter 2284
"Is Grant capable in bed? Our little sister has been spoiled by Justin in that regard. Can she tolerate a man with erectile dysfunction?"
Asher was speechless. "Grant may have some health concerns, but he's still a fully functioning man."
Axel rolled his eyes at him. "Besides, my wife has a saying."
Ralph asked, "What?"
"The way to test if a man is lustful is to check his breath. If he's still breathing, it means he's lustful."
Asher and Ralph were left speechless.
"So, even if Grant is bound to a wheelchair, how could he not be tempted? Bella is so exceptional and beautiful I don't believe it!"
In the hospital room, Grant opened the thermos and poured out a small bowl of warm soup. He even set aside a few delicate side dishes on the bedside table.
Bella smiled halfheartedly. "Thank you, but I really don't have much of an appetite right now."
Grant said nothing, simply offering the bowl of soup to her.
The familiar, fragrant scent filled Bella's nose, and her eyes suddenly brightened.
"This... This is..."
"Made by Wilma herself. She prepared all these." Grant's smile was as gentle as ever. "So, are you feeling a bit hungry now?"
Bella's heart trembled slightly, her voice a little hoarse. "How did you-"
"Don't forget, I'm also from the Salvador family. I grew up in Tideview Manor. Wilma was hired as my nanny, but when Justin and his mother arrived, my father arranged for her to take care of Justin."
Grant patiently held the bowl of soup, his gaze sincere. "So, Wilma didn't just watch Justin grow up; she watched me grow up too. Asking her to make you a bowl of porridge is still something I can manage."
Bella stared at him with her wide, dark eyes, not blinking.
"I'm sorry. I shouldn't have troubled her. After all, she's Justin's nanny, and she took care of you for a long time. You two are close." Grant was sharp enough to understand her emotions immediately. "Don't worry, there won't be a next time."
For some reason, although he had not done anything wrong, the more he spoke humbly, the more anxious Bella felt inside.
Bella forced down the swirling emotions within and slowly lifted her hand to take the bowl. But her body was still weak, and as soon as she took the bowl, her hand quivered uncontrollably.
At the moment when the bowl almost slipped, Grant quickly steadied her hand. The cool touch of his palm against her skin made her shiver involuntarily.
Suddenly, she thought of Justin.
Justin had big, calloused hands, but they always felt warm to the touch. She loved holding his hands endlessly, especially in winter when they became her personal heaters. But that warmth was gone...
Bella's eyes filled with tears, turning red as her chest tightened painfully.
Grant observed her closely, his eyes narrowing slightly. Without saying a word, he took the spoon, scooped up some soup, and brought it to her trembling lips. "Just think of me as your nurse. Don't overthink it and focus on getting better."
Bella took a deep breath, clenching the fabric of her pants beneath the covers.
At that moment, there was a knock at the door.
Grant did not take his eyes off her as he calmly called out, "Come in."
The door opened, and the familiar, steady footsteps slowly approached, step by step, entering the room.
Each footstep seemed to echo in Bella's soft, trembling heart.
Soon, Justin came to view in front of her, entering the room while holding a bouquet of lilies.
However, Bella calmly looked away, leaning slightly forward as she sipped the spoonful of soup Grant offered her.
Justin froze, his hand tightening unconsciously around the bouquet. A wave of indescribable emotion clogged his throat.
###chapter2285
Chapter 2285
"Justin? You're here," Grant said, surprise etched on his face as his hand holding the bowl froze mid-air.
Justin slowly snapped out of his trance and greeted him, "Hey, Grant."
"Now that Justin is here, it's not appropriate for me to stay any longer." Grant gently put down the bowl and smiled warmly at Bella. "Ms. Thompson, make sure you eat and take care of yourself. I won't disturb you further. I'll take my leave."
"No!" Bella hurriedly grabbed Grant's arm, trying to hide her distressed expression. "Wait until I'm done eating before you leave."
"But..."
"I don't see what's inappropriate with you staying when Mr. Justin is here." Bella abruptly turned to look at Justin, who was standing rigidly.
She curled her lips into a smile, her long-lost brightness stabbing at Justin's eyes. "Mr. Justin, meeting your own brother shouldn't feel inappropriate, right?"
Justin's lips moved slightly. "No, it's not."
Bella smiled faintly. "Good."
They had once loved each other deeply. But now, they were more distant than a divorced couple.
Justin's chest tightened as he approached her, handing over a bouquet of lilies. His voice was low, his expression unreadable. "Grandpa asked me to come and visit you."
Bella looked down and took the bouquet from Justin's hands, but in the next instant, she angrily hurled the flowers at his feet, her eyes blazing with fury. "Get lost!"
Justin's jaw tightened as he stood there silently.
His eyes narrowed a bit as he bent down to pick up the flowers, but Bella's cold voice cut through the air above him. "Take your flowers and get out of my sight right now!"
Justin felt a jolt of pain in his chest as he looked down at the lilies on the floor, his body quivering slightly. He felt as if his heart was pierced, and blood was trickling down his wound. His once full and vibrant heart was slowly crumbling, and no matter how hard he tried, he could not fully open it up again.
"Ms. Thompson, please take care of yourself." Grant noticed the sheen of sweat on Bella's forehead and her flushed cheeks. His brows furrowed slightly as he advised her in a low voice.
"It was you who said you couldn't love me, and it was you who asked to break up! Then you should follow through and vanish from my life!" Bella panted, her voice hoarse with anger, her eyes bloodshot.
She continued to yell, "Why do you pretend to care no? Do you think I need your sympathy?! Justin... Do you think I'm an idiot? You abandoned me once two years ago, and now this is the second time... Do you really think I want to see your face again? Do you think that without you, my life will fall apart? Did you come here just to see how miserable I've become, to laugh at me?!"
Endless pain, heartache, and grievances surged out of her like molten lava. It hurt so much that even though every word was insincere, her performance was flawless, striking straight at Justin's heart.
"Bella..." Justin's voice was hoarse as he called her name. But it was as if a thousand nails were lodged in his throat, preventing him from uttering another word.
Originally, he had refused Nigel's request to visit her. But in the end, driven by his subconscious, he changed his mind, ordered the flowers, and came to see her.
"You should remember that I like roses, right?" As she spoke, tears of grievance spilled from the corners of Bella's eyes. "You know very well that I've always loved roses, yet you deliberately brought me lilies. Justin, I no longer matter to you, so why force yourself? It's hard for you, and I hate it too. If we're going to break up, then let's cut ties cleanly."
Bella had always been proud and resolute, always moving forward and never looking back.
###chapter2286
Chapter 2286
The only time Bella softened her heart without hesitation was for him.
Justin's handsome face paled, and his star-like eyes were clouded with complex emotions-dark, conflicted.
With a deep gaze, Grant bent down to pick up the bouquet from the floor. Maneuvering his wheelchair to the coffee table, he carefully placed the lilies into the vase, one by one.
"Throwing these flowers away would be a shame. They're still quite beautiful," Grant said with his back to the two, his lips curling into an unreadable smile.
Seeing Bella close her eyes, Justin's voice turned hoarse. "Get some good rest."Content from N?velDr(a)ma.Org.
After speaking, he turned and walked toward the door, his steps mechanical.
"Justin." She called out to him.
The man paused but did not turn around.
"From now on, we'll go our separate ways. We have no ties anymore."
Bella's slender fingers clutched the bedsheet tightly, nearly tearing it, but her voice remained cold and resolute. "You don't need to force yourself to see me anymore. I won't want to see you again."
As he walked out of the hospital room, Justin felt like his steps were floating, as if he were walking on clouds, completely detached from reality.
The pounding in his head grew stronger with each step, and his vision blurred, then cleared, in waves
--"We'll go our separate ways."
Her heartless words echoed in his ears, pulling at his nerves, and his forehead was slick with cold sweat. "Justin." A gentle voice came from behind.
Justin stopped in his tracks and turned his head.
Grant sat in his wheelchair, smiling faintly as he approached.
"I'd like to speak with you privately."
Justin clenched his fists tightly, enduring the pain. "Alright."
The two brothers went up to the rooftop.
It was a sunny afternoon, but winter had arrived. The cold wind cut through the collars and sleeves of their clothes.
Justin, a former soldier with a remarkable physique, nonetheless felt a chill creeping through his body.
"The air in Savrow is so refreshing. There's nothing like being home," Grant said as he took a deep breath. He coughed lightly, perhaps from inhaling too much cold air. His face grew a shade paler.
"Grant, what do you want to talk about?" Justin stood beside him, his ink-black eyes gazing into the distance." The wind is strong here. You're in poor health, so you should take care of yourself."
Clutching his chest, Grant asked, "Justin, do you still care about me?"
"Of course." Justin paused, his voice low. "Back then, you sacrificed yourself to help me escape. It's because of that sacrifice that I survived. I will never forget that debt."
Grant frowned and chuckled. "So, it's only a debt? Not brotherly love?"
Justin's thin lips pressed together. "Growing up, you treated me the best besides Grandpa."
"I'm not trying to guilt you. I just hope that my sudden return hasn't caused you any trouble. I want our brotherhood to remain as it always has been." Grant exhaled lightly. His tone was sincere. "Even though we
?
don't share the same mother, you are still my half brother. I've never had any ill intentions toward you."
Justin's expression remained cold. "Grant, if we are truly brothers, then just say what you want to say. There's no need to beat around the bush."
A biting, bone-chilling wind howled past.
"Justin, your story with Ms. Thompson has ended. It's such a pity." Grant lifted his pale, jade-like face and looked at him, enunciating each word clearly. "Would you mind if I wanted to start something with her?"
###chapter2287
Chapter 2287
Justin's deep, dark pupils trembled uncontrollably.
Suddenly, the sharp pain in his head intensified, as if something were crashing around inside, trying to split his skull open.
'Bella...' In the deepest recesses of his mind, he heard himself softly calling her name.
"Justin? Justin? Are you alright? You don't look well," Grant asked, concerned.
"I'm fine." Justin's tongue pressed hard against his teeth, and he squeezed his reddened eyes shut.
"I'm telling you this now because I worry that if I formally pursue Ms. Thompson in the future, you might feel uncomfortable watching. Although you've broken up, you two once genuinely loved each other."
Grant's clear eyes curved slightly. "I don't want you to think I'm stealing her away. I also don't want anyone to interfere with my pursuit of the one I love."
Justin's headache blurred his vision. Fearing that Grant might notice, he hastily ended the conversation. "I've already broken up with her. Whatever you do has nothing to do with me."
He turned and took two steps before freezing, unable to resist asking, "When did you start having feelings for her?"
With his back to him, Grant lazily squinted at the sky. "I don't remember exactly when. Perhaps it was the first time I envied you. I envied you for having such a pure relationship. Just now, when I saw Ms. Thompson cry in front of me, I became even more certain of my feelings. I want to pursue her and treat her well. I can't bear to see her in tears."
Leaving the rooftop, Justin walked stiffly toward the parking lot. The cold wind that filled his lungs turned into icy needles, piercing his body with unbearable pain.
His head pounded, and his labored breaths made each step a struggle. His heart was clearly still beating, but when he touched his chest, it felt hollow.
Suddenly, Justin could no longer stand. His tall, sturdy frame collapsed forward.
"Mr. Justin! Be careful!"
Darkness clouded his vision as he fell into a warm, fragrant embrace.
"Mr. Justin, are you alright? Is your headache getting worse?" Clarice wrapped her arms around his firm, lean waist, holding him steady.
Justin's ears rang, and his breathing was ragged. He struggled to lift his heavy eyelids, but all he could see was a blurry silhouette of the woman in front of him.
At that moment, Clarice, wearing a white coat with her black hair neatly tied into a ponytail, overlapped with the figure he had been desperately searching for in his memory.
"Little Dove..." Before he could finish his words, his eyes closed, and he lost consciousness.
"Mr. Justin? Mr, Justin?" Clarice called out, a cold glint flashing in her eyes.
After Justin fainted at the hospital, his condition stabilized, so he was sent back to Tideview Manor, where he remained asleep in his room.
Since Wilma had returned, Clarice excused herself and went to Grant.
"I never expected this medicine to cause such a severe headache." Clarice kneeled beside the coffee table and poured out some tea to serve Grant. "To be honest, I grew up with Justin, and I've rarely seen him in such a pathetic, miserable state. It's quite the eye-opener."
Grant held the teacup with his long, slender fingers and spoke calmly. "When Hugh's plane crash caused his memory loss, I only gave him one black pill to suppress his emotions. But my brother had the nerve to take three pills in one go. I'm quite impressed by Justin's boldness. If it weren't for his strong physique, he wouldn't have survived. For most people, taking that many pills would likely leave them in a vegetative state." Clarice's heart sank. "Will he have frequent relapses?"
"For now, the headaches will only flare up when he's mentally agitated. But over time, the pain will become constant. He'll be dependent on medication and might even develop a severe addiction."
Clarice gasped. "Isn't that no different from drug addiction?"
Grant smiled enigmatically. "My brother is a romantic. I never thought that even after taking three pills, he still wouldn't let go of her. Earlier today, I made it clear that I intend to pursue Bella. His expression didn't waver, but clearly, it struck a nerve. It seems that we must continue dosing him with the medicine."
Noticing the smile that had not left Grant's face since she entered the room, Clarice cautiously probed, "Sir, you seem to be in a good mood. Is there some good news?"
Grant chuckled softly. "Perhaps Bella is slowly starting to give up on my brother."
"Give up? That quickly? She once loved Justin so deeply. Is it possible-*
Grant cut her off, suddenly asking in a quiet voice, "Clarice, do you know what it means to love? Do you know how to love someone?"
"I..." Clarice was lost for words.
She had stayed by Justin's side for years, always driven by a strong sense of purpose. But even so, the man was so handsome and outstanding that it would be a lie to say she had no feelings for him.
The truth was, she, as Rosalind Gold, loved herself more back then.
Until she ended up stranded in the Meridan, alone, bullied, and penniless, nearly assaulted by a group of men in a filthy alley.
It was Grant who saved her and gave her a new identity and a second chance at life.
She had once been Justin's "savior", but Grant was her savior.
She thought she knew how to love. But she had never loved Justin-she had always loved Grant
Thus, she kneeled at his feet, lifting her delicate, flushed face to look up at him with adoration. She spoke with devotion. "I know how to love. You were the one who taught me!"
"Is that so?" Grant looked at her, smirking. "How could I teach you something I don't even know myself? But it doesn't matter. Just like with medication, feelings can also be tested. My brother has already served as my test case. Let's try it out on Ms. Thompson, shall we?"
###chapter2288
Chapter 2288
Although Bella still had injuries and walked with a limp, she refused to remain bedridden and idle. After another week of recovery, she left the hospital, despite using crutches and wearing a cast on her left leg. She did not inform her father or Mila about her discharge, but Asher, Axel, Roza, and Steven came to pick her up. Their presence filled her heart with warmth.
"Bella, are you really done with Justin?" Roza clung to Bella's frail arm, tears brimming in her eyes.
"Yeah, it's over." Bella smiled gently, her tone light with a sense of relief. "We loved each other passionately and sincerely. That's enough. No regrets."
Roza's eyes reddened. "How could you not have regrets? After all this time, he never proposed, never gave you the grand wedding everyone would envy... He still owes you so much! How can you say the love is over?" "Roza, even if Justin owed me, he's risked his life for me countless times these past two years. He's paid it back in full."
Bella fought to keep her emotions in check, her lips curling into a faint, bitter smile. "This time, I'm the one who owes him. Letting him live freely without burden or pressure-that will be my repayment to him."
Roza, unwilling to accept it, looked pleadingly at her husband.
Axel's thin lips were tightly pressed together, his face filled with worry. He could only shake his head.
Just then, a knock sounded at the door.
Asher walked over and opened it, seeing Drew standing there, travel-worn. His eyes warmed with emotion as he regained some vitality.
"Drew, you're back."
"Ash, I'm sorry I'm late." Drew exhaled lightly, his heart anxious. "How's Bella? Is she better?"
"It's good that you're here. Bella's left foot is still in a cast, but the rest of her injuries are mostly healed. Don't worry..."
Before he could finish speaking, Asher noticed a young woman standing silently behind Drew. This delicate beauty with her head slightly lowered in shyness was an unfamiliar face, but she exuded a strange sense of familiarity.
"Drew, this is-*
Drew turned, smiling warmly as he gently took the girl's hand and pulled her into his arms. His large hand rested tenderly on her waist as he gazed at her with overflowing affection. "Ash, this is Yvonne."
Asher's eyes widened in disbelief, his gaze tracing the girl's completely transformed, radiant face. "Yvonne... Are you really Ms. Smith?"
Yvonne blushed, her fair cheeks turning rosy as she nodded lightly.
"Yvonne!" Just then, Bella hobbled over with the help of her second brother and his wife, her almond eyes shining with excitement.
"Ms. Thompson." Yvonne, seeing Bella's difficulty moving, hurried forward to meet her.
The two girls clasped hands tightly.
"Is this the way you used to look? Bella's eyes reddened, tears of joy nearly spilling over.
Yvonne's lips parted slightly, but she was too choked up to speak.
"You're so beautiful!" Bella raised a trembling hand to gently caress her face. "I'm truly happy for you... You can finally be yourself again."
###chapter2289
Chapter 2289
No wonder Drew had been missing lately. It turned out that he had been accompanying his beloved for a plastic surgery procedure.
"I sought out one of the top plastic surgeons in the world," Drew said as he walked over, standing side by side with Yvonne. The two gazed deeply into each other's eyes, as though trying to merge their souls. "I wanted to restore Yvonne's original appearance completely, but because her previous surgeries were so extreme, changing her bone structure, not even a miracle doctor could achieve full restoration. We could only recover about 80% of her original look."
Bella marveled, "Wow... She's already this beautiful at 80%! If it were 100%, she'd be up there with the goddesses!"
Everyone laughed, and for the first time in a long while, the air did not feel so heavy.
"It doesn't matter if I can't go back to the way I used to look," Yvonne said with a radiant smile.
Her features had lost some of the striking beauty they once had but now exuded a delicate grace and warmth, qualities that had been absent before. "As long as I have a new beginning, I'm satisfied."
"No matter what you look like, I'll love you... You didn't have to go through this hardship. Every cut pained me." Drew lowered his head. Unable to resist, he kissed her delicate lips softly. "But I wanted to respect your decision. Whatever you want, I'll support you."
Tears welled in Yvonne's eyes. She stood on tiptoe to return his kiss.
Though it was the middle of winter, for this girl, it felt like the spring she had waited for over ten years had finally arrived.
Bella, with Steven's help, climbed into the car. Just as the car engine roared to life, her phone rang.
"Wilma!" Bella answered immediately, her tone light and cheerful.
She had not contacted Wilma since returning to Savrow because of what happened with Justin, as she did not want to cause Wilma any worry or stress.
"Young Madam, are you still in the hospital?" Wilma's voice was filled with concern.
"I just got discharged today. Don't worry, I'm doing fine."
"Young Madam..." Wilma hesitated, her voice lowering. "Did... Did you see Young Master Grant?"
At the mention of Grant, Bella's instincts sharpened. "I did. While I was in the hospital, he was recovering in the room next to mine. He often came to visit me."
Wilma's tone wavered. "Ah..."
"Wilma, is there something you need to tell me?"
"Young Madam, why don't you come to the house in Savrow? There's something I want to talk to you about."
The Rolls-Royce pulled up outside the private villa
Bella had been hesitant to revisit the place where she and Justin had shared their love. She chose not to leave the car due to her injuries and fear of old memories resurfacing. Instead, she asked Wilma to meet her in the
car.
Soon, Wilma hurried out of the villa and climbed into the car.
"Young Madam! I've missed you so much!" The two women embraced warmly.
Bella smiled gently. "I've missed you too."
After exchanging pleasantries, Bella's expression grew serious as she asked, "Wilma, did you urgently want to see me because of Grant?"
Wilma's face grew tense, and she nodded firmly, worry etched on her brow.
"Young Madam... Young Master Grant stayed by your side at the hospital and even asked me to prepare porridge for you. What do you think his intentions are?"
Steven could not help but scoff. "Isn't it obvious? He wants to pursue Ms. Bella!"
Wilma grabbed Bella's hand tightly, her anxiety clear. "Madam, you mustn't get involved with him... No! You mustn't even get close to him!"
Bella's curiosity deepened. "Wilma, is there something wrong with Grant?"
"He... He...
Wilma struggled internally, but for the sake of Bella's safety, she finally steeled herself. "I think... He has mental issues!"
###chapter2290
Chapter 2290
As soon as Wilma uttered those words, the air inside the heated car turned icy, like the bitter cold of winter.
Bella and Steven exchanged a startled glance, both hearts racing.
Bella quickly asked, "Wilma, what do you mean by 'mental issues"?"
Wilma's face twitched slightly, as if recalling something deeply unsettling.
She took a shaky breath before speaking. Tve worked for the Salvador family for nearly 30 years now, mostly at the Tideview Manor. Other than the head butler and Chairman Salvador's secretary Paul, not many servants have been there as long as I have.
"When I first joined the Salvador household, I was assigned to serve Chairman Salvador's wife and Young Master Grant. But I wasn't their personal maid. I was just part of the staff doing laundry and other menial tasks. I wasn't trusted with things like serving tea or handling delicate chores.
"At first, I thought Madam Salvador looked down on me because I came from a poor village and was clumsy. But later, I realized that all of Madam Salvador's daily needs were managed by her own trusted people- servants she brought from the Fowler household, her maternal family. It was almost impossible for any of the Salvador family's regular staff to get close to her."
Steven asked, puzzled, "Why was that? Did Madam Salvador have something to hide from the rest of the family?"
"Could it be that Madam Salvador really did have a mental illness?" Bella recalled her and her brothers' earlier suspicions, her eyes darkening.
Wilma furrowed her brow, tightening it with unease. "To be exact, Madam Salvador was completely insane!" Bella and Steven were both shocked. "Insane?!"
"Though Madam Salvador had dedicated caretakers and lived alone in the separate villa at the back of Tideview Manor, over time, rumors began to spread. There was no way to keep it hidden forever. The worst incident was when she lost control and attacked a maid bringing her food-biting off a piece of the woman's face. The maid was covered in blood. It was terrifying!"
Steven was dumbfounded. "That's no longer human.... That's..."
He did not finish the sentence, unable to say the words aloud.
"That's a severe mental illness," Bella said, sighing in frustration. "Madam Salvador must have lost all sense of reality, experiencing hallucinations and delusions, along with violent impulses. She couldn't control herself anymore."
Hearing this, Bella felt a deep sorrow. It made sense now why Grant's mother had spiraled into madness, abandoned by her husband, and eventually ended her life in such a tragic way.
"I signed a confidentiality agreement about all this, and Madam Salvador has been gone for years now. I had planned to take this secret to my grave."
Wilma squeezed Bella's fingers, her face lined with concern. "But now, I have to tell you everything I know! I believe Young Master Grant inherited his mother's mental issues. Although he seems normal on the outside, he harbors a violent streak, worse than his mother!"
Bella's face grew serious. She gently placed her hand on Wilma's tense back. "Wilma, what exactly do you know?"
Wilma's face turned pale as she was pulled back into a bloody, horrific memory. "This was over 20 years ago... Young Master Grant had only been living in the Salvador household for a short time. It was my turn to serve dinner at the separate villa where Madam Salvador lived.*
Her expression twisted with horror. "I saw it with my own eyes... Young Master Grant... He was torturing a stray cat in the back courtyard! He was stabbing the poor thing's body with a knife and laughing hysterically! I'll never forget that smile. It was the most terrifying thing I've ever seen in my life!"
Steven shivered. The very thought of the scene sent chills down his spine.
Bella's heart clenched tightly. 'Grant tortured animals?'
If Wilma had not told her this herself, she would never have been able to reconcile this image of a cruel, heartless monster with the refined, elegant man she knew.
"He tortured more than just that one animal at Tideview Manor," Wilma continued. "The head housekeeper would often find bloodied remains of cats and dogs buried in the garden. Not only did Grant kill them, but he dismembered them too!"
Her eyes were wide with lingering fear. "Young Madam, tell me, can any sane person do something like that? How could he be capable of such cruelty?"
Bella's brows furrowed deeply, her lips pressed tightly together as she sank into a troubled silence.
###chapter2291
Chapter 2291
Grant's mother, Isla, had lost her sanity, and Grant seemed to derive satisfaction from ruthlessly killing animals. Even Grant's uncle, the heir to the Fowler family, had brutally murdered his lover in a horrifically gruesome way.
Suddenly, a chilling thought crossed Bella's mind. 'Did the entire Fowler family somehow suffer from mental disorders? Had Grant inherited his mother's mental illness, leading him to such mad behavior?"
Steven muttered in disbelief, shaking his head. "Does Grant have a mental disorder? But he doesn't seem insane at all. His emotions are always perfectly under control!"
"That's exactly what scares me the most," Wilma said, her face etched with worry, and her eyes red with tears." I'm afraid he's been hiding his true self all these years, hiding his real nature just to get close to you. I fear he's up to no good. I fear he'll try to hurt you! Young Master Grant's habit of killing animals for fun shows he has violent tendencies. He's cold-hearted by nature. He's a psychopath! But we still don't have enough evidence to prove that he's mentally ill."
Bella composed herself for a moment. She felt a shiver run down her spine. "It's true that mental disorders can be hereditary. Not just Madam Isla. I suspect her brother might not have been entirely normal either."
"Ms. Bella, I remember now! I think my father mentioned it once," Steven suddenly exclaimed, his eyes wide." The murder case involving the Fowler family's eldest son, Lucas Fowler. It was handled by one of my father's colleagues. In the first trial, he was sentenced to death. But during the appeal, his lawyer submitted a report diagnosing him with a mental disorder, so his sentence was reduced to life imprisonment."
He continued, "In Savrow, our justice system has strict protocols for determining if a criminal has a mental illness. The fact that Lucas Fowler was able to bypass all these layers of scrutiny can only mean one thing-he was a complete lunatic!"
Bella lowered her gaze as she silently acknowledged Steven's theory.
Steven added, "In any case, Ms. Bella, you must stay as far away from Grant as possible! As the saying goes, the apple doesn't fall far from the tree. He's been away from home for twenty years. There's no way he's suddenly become honest and upstanding. Who knows what kind of schemes he's been cooking up, waiting to strike back?"
Wilma gasped, slapping her forehead. "Oh no! Could he be trying to compete with Young Master Justin for the inheritance? He's so deranged! Could he be plotting against Young Master Justin?!"
Though this was just speculation, Bella suddenly felt her throat tighten, as if being choked, leaving her breathless.
After a moment, her eyes gleamed with determination. She looked at Wilma and said resolutely, "If that's the case, then I have even less reason to avoid him."
Wilma and Steven were both stunned. "What?!"
"If he comes back and behaves himself, I won't do anything. But if he harbors ill intentions toward Justin, I won't let him off." Bella raised her chin. Her gaze was dark and intense. "If he has returned to the Salvador family, he'll probably try to hide his true intentions from Justin and the others. But if he tries to get close to me, and I give him a chance, he won't be able to conceal everything from me as he tries to prove his sincerity. Even if he tries to hide his plans, if I don't approach him, I'll never know what he's plotting. No matter what, I can't back down."
"But that's too dangerous!" Wilma said.
Having heard about their separation from lan, Wilma was nearly in tears from worry. "And now, with Young Master Justin in his current state... He can't be by your side to protect you. How will you manage on your own? You can't risk yourself like this!"
Bella forced a smile, pushing down the bitterness rising within her. "I never intended to rely on Justin for the rest of my life. After all, no one can be my support forever. At the end of the day, the only person I can truly count on is myself."
As soon as she finished speaking, her phone rang. It was a call from Ralph.
Bella braced herself as her heart raced with a growing sense of unease. She picked up the phone. "Hello, Ralph."
"Bella, the DNA test is back." Ralph's voice trembled uncontrollably, filled with overwhelming emotion. "Jace is Hugh... Our fifth brother!"
###chapter2292
Chapter 2292
In an instant, Bella burst into tears, each tear brimming with joy and warmth, streaming down her checks uncontrollably.
She knew it... She had always known!
The moment she laid eyes on Jace, she knew he was Hugh!
Even if Jace was cold and emotionless and kept her at arm's length, that familiar, close bond could never be mistaken
"Young Madam... Why are you crying?" Wilma quickly pulled out a handkerchief and hurriedly tried to wipe away her tears.
Bella forced herself to calm down, her voice low and steady. *Ralph, who else have you told about this?"
Ralph, experienced after years of handling cases, was composed. "This is no small matter. I only told you. I haven't informed Dad or my mom yet."
"You've done well. For now, this must remain between us. We absolutely can't tell Dad or Aunt Mila.* Bella's eyes gleamed with concern, her heart constricting anxiously. "I'm worried our enemy will find out, and even more worried the person controlling Hugh will hurt him if his identity is revealed!"
Ralph's tone grew even more serious. "Bella, don't worry. I've thought of that too. When I go back, I'll keep it from Mom for now and try to stabilize her emotions. Otherwise, with her temperament, she'll turn the world upside down searching for Hugh. Who knows what kind of chaos that might cause!"
He paused, then asked in confusion and concern, "Since Hugh didn't die... Who saved him after he fell into the sea? What did he go through? And why has he changed so much?!"
"Hugh has likely lost all his memories. He doesn't remember us at all." Bella's mind flashed back to the gruesome scar on his body, and her heart twisted in sharp pain. "I've seen the injuries on him. If it weren't for someone saving and treating him, he never would've survived on his own. Someone must have rescued him, healed him, and then..."
"And then turned him into this cold, heartless person? When I faced him in combat, it was like fighting a killing machine!" Ralph's voice trembled with restrained grief. "Who on earth did this to him?!
Steven and Wilma looked at Bella with deep concern.
Bella leaned back, feeling weary, and closed her eyes, trying to clear her mind.
Whenever Hugh appeared, it was always in the midst of Christopher's schemes. But now that Christopher has passed, Hugh continues to show up and stand in her way.
This can only mean one thing: the person who had been controlling Christopher was also controlling Hugh. It was that mysterious "Boss" who had turned him into this!
"Could it be the drugs?" Bella murmured, slowly opening her eyes while lost in thought.
Ralph's voice immediately sharpened. "Bella, what are you saying? What drugs?"
"Justin became this emotionless machine after taking the drugs given to him by that 'Boss' under
Christopher's orders. It seems somewhat similar to Hugh's condition."
"Are you saying that... Hugh might have taken the same drugs, which turned him into this?" Ralph asked urgently. "What exactly are those drugs?"
"Arnold once mentioned the drugs irreversibly damage the brain's neural pathways."
Ralph sounded distraught. "Even if we do find Hugh, what can we do? He's already been brainwashed! Would he even come back home with us?"
'Home...' Bella's heart ached as she took a deep breath.
"Ralph, don't worry. No matter what it takes, I will wake Hugh up. I will bring him home!"
###chapter2293
Chapter 2293
Ever since Justin had suddenly fainted in the hospital, his mind has felt sluggish for the past three days. During the company's daily meetings, he was visibly distracted, even dozing off in front of everyone.
He had also canceled all his evening social events and business gatherings, opting to head back to the Tideview Manor with lan by his side.
Trailing closely behind him, Ian's face was filled with concern. "Mr. Salvador, your condition has been deteriorating over the past few days. Shouldn't you see a doctor?"
"Who would I even go to?" Justin felt a feeling of heaviness weighing on his body, his head dizzy and throbbing, along with a slight chill that made him uncomfortable in a way he could not quite put his finger on. "Dr. Larson has vanished. Who else can help me?"
Tan sighed deeply, feeling burdened like a worried parent. "But what if your condition worsens by delaying treatment? After today's meeting, the senior executives were all gossiping behind your back. Rumors will spread if we don't handle this..."
"I'm not sick." Justin's breath was labored, his jaw clenched as he struggled to suppress the discomfort. "I know my body better than anyone."
Ian sighed in frustration. Justin had become even more stubborn and difficult to handle than before.
In the living room, Grant and Gregory were seated comfortably on the sofa in the living room and engaged in a lighthearted conversation over tea.
"Justin, you're back." Grant smiled and nodded at him.
"Dad, brother," Justin responded, his expression distant, a hint of fatigue showing in his eyes.
As someone who had gone through military training and endured all kinds of injuries over the years, he had always managed to push through. But Justin had never felt so utterly drained.
Grant furrowed his brows slightly and said, "Justin, are you feeling unwell? You don't look so good."
Justin immediately replied, "I'm fine."
At that moment, Clarice, dressed in a white lab coat, approached gracefully. She carried a tray with carefully arranged, freshly cut fruit. As she walked, Clarice emanated a refined and poised demeanor.
Their eyes met, and for a moment, the connection between them felt unguarded.
Clarice smiled softly, gently tucking a stray lock of hair behind her ear with a practiced, feminine gesture. However, Justin simply turned away, his expression cold and indifferent, completely unaffected by her charm. Clarice's smile wavered slightly, and she felt a sense of frustration bubbling within her. She had hoped that after saving him the last time, their relationship would have progressed. But to her disappointment, it remained stagnant.
Still, she remembered what Grant had said before. Everything should not be rushed, especially with someone like Justin, who was as stubborn as a mule. She had to take things one step at a time, slowly and carefully.
"Justin, if you're feeling unwell, you need to seek treatment immediately, Gregory said sternly. "You're the president of the Salvador Corporation. If anything happens to you, the whole company will be in turmoil. You must always keep that in mind."
He continued, "But at least now, you've finally come to your senses, no longer letting that girl from the Thompson family manipulate you, forcing you to sacrifice your life for her. You're part of the Salvador family. Letting a girl from the Thompson family toy with you was ridiculous! Where was your dignity?"
"Dad, if there's nothing else, I'm going upstairs," Justin replied, frowning as he turned to leave.
"Mr. Salvador * Clarice suddenly called out to him, her voice serious. "Lately, have you been feeling dizzy and weak in your limbs? Sometimes, do you feel a faint chill in your whole body?"
###chapter2294
Chapter 2294
Justin's eyes widened slightly, and he asked in a low voice, "How did you know?"
"Dr. Amaryllis is not only an exceptional surgeon, but during her time in Meridan, she also studied psychiatric disorders and related medications," Grant said calmly as he sipped his tea. "I once heard Dr. Larson mention that the reason your brain was damaged was because you took an unknown drug from Christopher. Since Dr. Amaryllis can pinpoint your issue, she may have a way to treat it. Why not let her try? It could at least alleviate some of the symptoms."
Justin's face remained expressionless as he declined, though his tone was still polite. "Thanks, Grant, but that won't be necessary."
"If Dr. Amaryllis has the capability, then it's settled." Gregory's expression brightened as he spoke. *Dr. Amaryllis, I am officially appointing you as Justin's personal doctor! Don't worry about the salary; as long as Justin gets better, the amount is not an issue!"
Justin immediately expressed his reluctance and said, "Dad, I really don't need a personal doctor. Besides, Grant relies on Dr. Amaryllis' care, and she can't be in two places at the same time."
"Justin, we're brothers. There's no need to be so formal," Grant said with a light smile.
He continued, "With Dr. Amaryllis's care, my health has improved greatly. If you're uncomfortable with her being around all the time, at the very least, let her assist in your recovery. Her daily care will help ease your condition to some extent. Considering your position and with the weight of Salvador Corporation's future on your shoulders, any mistakes would undoubtedly disappoint both Grandpa and Dad."
That final remark struck a chord with Justin. He blinked as he contemplated the words, then finally agreed." Very well, let's move forward with the arrangements. Thank you, big brother, for your concern."
Grant's smile deepened with an elegant touch. "It's my responsibility."
Clarice stepped forward gracefully, her smile poised as she extended her right hand to Justin, who remained cold and emotionless. "Mr. Salvador, I look forward to working with you in the future."
Justin felt his eyebrows furrow as he hesitated to shake her hand.
Clarice's hand awkwardly lingered in midair, her forced smile nearly faltering.
Out of respect for his brother, Justin reluctantly extended his large left hand to shake hers
The late hour had brought a tranquil stillness to the Tideview Manor.
In a dimly lit room, Grant sat on a sofa in a dark blue robe, his lashes lowered as he skimmed through a tender document resting on his lap. His sharp, refined profile, framed by elegant silver-rimmed glasses, exuded a subtle but powerful allure.
Underneath that composed exterior lay an enigmatic aura, one that hinted at hidden dangers.
Clarice walked over with a tray, carrying a glass of water and a small dish of pills. "Sir, it's time to take your medication."
Grant was not in a hurry to take the medication. Instead, he continued flipping through the document casually and said, "Justin's become emotionally disconnected now. It's normal for him to treat you coldly, so don't let it affect your mindset. Just follow the plan I've laid out."
Clarice's heart skipped a beat, and she quickly spoke up, "Sir! I have no ulterior motives for Justin. Everything I do is for your grand plan. Please trust me!"
"I trust you," Grant said with a smile as he reached for the pills on the tray and swallowed them all in one swift motion. The bitterness made his brows knit tightly.
"Sir, why do you endure such suffering..." Clarice's voice was full of frustration as she handed him the glass of water. "I wish Justin could experience all the pain you've gone through. Even then, it wouldn't come close to
compensating for the lifelong agony he's caused you!"
Grant's lips curled into a faint smile as he set down the documents in his hand. He took out a small bag of blue pills and placed it before her
"Now that he's completely cut ties with Bella, you have the chance to get closer to him. In the coming days, study his habits carefully. Find the right moment and make sure he takes these pills."
Clarice picked up the pills, examining them closely under the light, and excitedly asked, "Are these RC Biotech Research Center's new developments? What are they called?"
Grant smiled, an unreadable gleam flashing in his eyes. "DAC0089, also known as 'Crystal Ice."
Clarice understood instantly and whispered, "Will there be obvious side effects?"
"The three pills Justin took earlier were the original version of DAC0089. The formula was much more potent at least ten times stronger and the side effects on the body were severe. This version is a significant improvement, and it won't be long before it's ready for the market. But once the user stops, the withdrawal symptoms will be just as noticeable."
"Sir, given Justin's intelligence, if too much time passes, won't he eventually realize something's wrong with his body?" Clarice looked worried. "The people closest to him, especially lan and Wilma, are all loyal to him. Won't they soon trace everything back to me?"
Grant chuckled, adjusting his silver-framed glasses elegantly. "I never intended for you to hide indefinitely You may have the patience, but I'm running out of it."
Clarice was startled, quickly nodding her head in agreement.
Grant's smile deepened, as if discussing something particularly amusing, even with a hint of anticipation." Besides, by the time he realizes something's wrong with Crystal Ice, his mind won't have the power to control his body anymore."
###chapter2295
Chapter 2295
After reaching an agreement, Ralph went home and shared the news with Wyatt and Mila.
Wyatt assumed that Mila was simply too anxious to see her son and had made a mistake, so he did not hold out much hope. However, Mila fell into a deep disappointment, and the emotional shock hit her hard
Initially, she questioned everything intensely, but eventually, she had no choice but to accept reality. She collapsed onto the bed and remained there for three or four days.
It was not until Bella returned home that Mila gathered enough strength to get up and ask again, *Bella... Are you sure it isn't Hugh? Are you really sure?"
Her eyes were filled with tears. The usually graceful and youthful-looking woman had become dejected in just a few days, appearing several years older.
"Aunt Mila, I understand how you feel. I wish just as much as you do that Hugh was still alive." Bella's voice choked with emotion as she held Mila's cold hand tightly. "But unfortunately, that person isn't Hugh. He just looks very much like him."
Mila closed her eyes in utter disappointment and shook her head in pain. "Bella, you might think I'm being ridiculous, but ever since Hugh's plane crash, I've often dreamed of him over the years. I have this constant feeling... I always believe... Hugh is still alive somewhere in this world, quietly living... He just can't find his way home..."
"Aunt Mila..." Bella almost burst into tears but managed to hold back.
Blood was indeed thicker than water. A mother and child shared an instinctive, unbreakable connection that went deeper than words could describe.
"Nevermind. Let's not talk about this anymore." Mila made an effort to pull herself together, gently wiping away her tears with a handkerchief before calmly instructing a maid, "Prepare a set of low-profile clothes for me, and have the driver get the car ready."
After the maid left, Bella asked with concern, "Aunt Mila, where are you going?"
Mila's gaze was cold. "I'm going to Hatchbay Prison."
Bella was stunned. Slowly she asked, "Are you going to visit Uncle Alvin?"
"Yes. I heard that Justin's condition is due to some inexplicable drug that damaged his brain. Alvin is an expert in biopharmaceuticals. I want to ask him if there's any solution."
Bella's heart skipped a beat, and she immediately became energetic. "Aunt Mila, if you don't mind, I'd like to go with you!"
Over an hour had passed before Bella and Mila arrived at Hatchbay Prison.
Inside the visitation area, they encountered Alvin, dressed in a prison uniform, handcuffed, and looking haggard
"Mila... Ms. Thompson." After undergoing a long period of imprisonment, Alvin sat upright before them, with none of the arrogant and domineering attitude he once had.
Mila met his gaze with a cold stare and remained silent for a moment, making it clear that she still harbored resentment towards this man.
Bella had come with a purpose. She did not want to provoke more resistance from Alvin, so she politely greeted him, "Uncle."
Mila's eyes widened as she stared blankly at the girl's delicate and fair face.
Ever since Bella's biological mother passed away, Mila and Bella had always gotten along harmoniously over the years. However, Bella had never acknowledged her connection to the families of the three ladies.
Mila had never expected to take the place of Bella's mother, but this "Uncle" seemed to acknowledge her identity as well.
"Ms. Thompson, I don't deserve that title!" Alvin hastily waved his hands, causing the handcuffs to rattle.* Disregarding my current state as a criminal despised by everyone, I'm just an adopted son of the Larson family, with no blood relation to Mila. I don't deserve to be called that."
"We're here because we have something to ask you." Mila went straight to the point.
Alvin could not help but worry, "Is there some trouble in managing the Larson Biotech?"
"The Larson Biotech is fine. It's Justin who's having issues." Mila's brows furrowed as she briefly recounted the recent events to Alvin.
"Uncle, what kind of powerful drug could cause Justin to suddenly lose his emotional capabilities?" Bella asked, her voice hoarse with urgency.
Alvin looked surprised and said, "T've worked in the biopharmaceutical industry for many years, and I've never heard of such a bizarre and dangerous thing. I know some people's personalities can change drastically after a significant head injury. In the past, I even encountered a patient whose emotional functions were affected by a bullet fragment lodged in the brain."
Bella looked at Mila with disappointment.
Suddenly, Alvin's eyes lit up, and his expression darkened. "I remember now. There is one thing that could cause such a condition!"
Bella leaned forward abruptly. "What is it?!"
Alvin gritted his teeth and said, "Drugs!"
The two women gasped sharply.
###chapter2296
Chapter 2296
Alvin said, "A large amount of drugs injected or consumed can damage the brain's amygdala. That's likely why Mr. Salvador ended up like this. For now, this seems to be the only possible explanation."
Bella was stunned, murmuring in shock, "Did Christopher force Justin to take drugs?"
Mila couldn't believe it. "He only took three pills! How could they be that dangerous?"
[
"Drugs, even a little, can make you feel like you're floating. But too much, and it's worse than death." Alvin lowered his eyelids and sighed deeply. "Many addicts have lost their lives after injecting drugs. If the pills Mr. Salvador took were high-purity drugs, three could very well be enough to kill him."
Bella's heart ached as if it had been pierced. Sweat beaded on her delicate forehead. "Will Justin experience any abnormal reactions?"
"I don't know exactly what drug he took, so I can't say what the reactions might be. But after addicts stop using, they feel chills all over, like ants are gnawing at their insides, and the discomfort worsens without more drugs. This shows he's completely addicted."
"Damn it! Bastard!" Bella slammed her fist against the table in fury, the sound echoing loudly. A tear of pain fell onto the cold, iron table
What worried her more was that she could not be anywhere near Justin now. She had no way of knowing if he was already addicted, whether he was enduring the agony of withdrawal day and night, or how much he was suffering
Mila was equally anxious. "Justin is such a good kid... If he's hooked on that awful stuff, his life will be ruined!" Alvin hurriedly said, "Mila, Ms. Thompson, don't be too concerned yet. This is only my personal theory. It's possible Mr. Salvador just took some kind of nerve damaging medication, not necessarily drugs. We can't be sure. If we can, we should secretly have Mr. Salvador's blood tested to confirm whether it was drugs. That will give us the answer."
Bella's heart twisted with pain, and she spoke softly. "Thank you for telling me all this. We'll visit you again when we have the chance."
With that, they stood up, ready to end the visit.
"Ms. Thompson!" Alvin quickly rose, hesitating as he asked, "My youngest son, Arnold... Is he doing well?" Bella felt a tremor in her heart. "Arnold is doing fine."
"Is he still with Asher? Are they doing well?" Alvin's eyes reddened as he asked.
Bella hesitated for a moment before lying, "Yes, they're doing well. My older brother loves him very much."
"In the past, I thought they were just messing around. I never imagined it was real. Arnold is smart and kind. He was always the most suitable heir to the Larson family. I was too stubborn and harsh on him. But now that he has Asher to care for him, I can rest easy..." Alvin quickly wiped away his tears and softly pleaded, "Ms. Thompson, when you see Arnold, please tell him I'm sorry."
Tears welled in Bella's eyes as she softly replied, "Alright."
As night fell, the Salvador Corporation headquarters were nearly empty, but Justin had not left the CEO's office yet, engrossed in reviewing the development plan for the Savrow A5 real estate project.
This project was critical to the Salvador Corporation's next five years of growth.
"Mr. Salvador, you should clock out now." Ian looked at Justin's pale and slightly tired face, feeling distressed." Even if you stay all night, you won't finish all this work. Your health is more important. You can continue tomorrow."
Justin suddenly shivered and furrowed his brow. "Did you turn on the AC? Why is it so cold?"
Ian scratched his head in confusion. "No, I didn't. It's snowing outside. We should be running the heat, not the AC!"
Justin clenched his teeth, unable to fight off the bone-chilling cold that seemed to seep through his very core. "Mr. Salvador, there's a major charity gala this weekend. Will you be attending?"
Justin didn't lift his head, his voice cold. 'T'll make a donation. I've been too busy lately. I won't attend."
lan pursed his lips. "I heard KS Group always makes large donations at this event. Mr. Asher used to attend. Now that Ms. Thompson is the CEO of KS Group, she'll likely be there this year."
Justin's eyes remained downcast, his gaze heavy like a thick mist.
"Mr. Salvador, do you want to-" Before lan could finish speaking, a knock came at the door.
Justin said, "Come in."
The door opened, and Clarice entered with a smile. "Mr. Justin, how are you feeling today? Does your head still hurt? Do you still feel cold?"
###chapter2297
Chapter 2297
Under the table, Justin clenched his slightly trembling hand, his gaze dark and deep. Tm fine. Dr. Amaryllis, is there something you need?"
Clarice smiled gently. "Mr. Justin, did you forget? Chairman Salvador instructed me to stay by your side whenever possible to closely monitor your health from now on."
"Even so, Dr. Amaryllis, do you not understand the most basic manners?" Ian internally rolled his eyes, exasperated. "Even if you're here to look after Mr. Salvador's health, the CEO's office isn't a place just anyone can enter. Do you normally act this rudely in front of Mr. Grant too?"
Clarice didn't get angry. Instead, she smiled faintly. "Every profession has its own standards. I don't blame you for saying that, Mr. Harris, since you've never worked in this field. But if something goes wrong because no one's around when your boss falls ill, would you be able to handle the consequences?"
Ian was so furious that his chest hurt, and he clenched his fists tightly. Ever since Grant brought this inexplicable woman back, all the peace and harmony had been shattered!
The current Justin was different from before. To him, all women were the same now. In this sensitive time, Clarice was seizing the opportunity to get close. If she stayed by his side long enough, who knew what might happen? Couldn't proximity lead to affection?
He thought, 'Young Madam, your husband is about to be stolen!'
"Ian, go get me a cup of coffee." Justin showed no interest in their bickering. He lowered his head as he continued flipping through the documents.
Grinding his teeth, Ian replied, "Yes, sir."
Clarice's eyes darkened slightly, and she smiled faintly. "Mr. Salvador, do you like drinking coffee?"
Justin nodded. "Mm."
"I'm also good at making coffee. Next time, I'll make some for you."
"To date, I haven't found anyone whose coffee tastes better than my girlfriend's." The moment Justin blurted that out, his heart inexplicably pounded.
A vivid memory came to him-the mornings after moments of intimacy with Bella, when she stood in the kitchen, lightly dressed in her nightgown, humming a tune as she made him coffee.
Bella had always looked so adorable and at ease. A ray of sunlight shone on her delicate face, and he could not help but wrap his arms around her slender waist from behind, pressing a kiss to her flushed cheek, savoring every inch of that moment.
-"Justin, will you love me forever?"
-"Bella, I love you... I will always love you."
In an instant, Justin felt his usually steady heartbeat skip almost imperceptibly. He inhaled deeply and corrected himself in a low voice. "I misspoke-ex-girlfriend."
"Ms. Thompson... There's no denying that she's quite a talented woman, Clarice said softly with a smile. Leaning in closer to him, she added meaningfully, "But drinking the same coffee for too long can get boring. Sometimes it's nice to try a different flavor."
"Dr. Amaryllis, don't you think you're meddling too much in my personal affairs?" Justin finally raised his eyes to look at her, his gaze cold as ice.
Clarice smiled coldly to herself but remained composed. She took a few packets of medicine from her bag and placed them in front of him.
"These are medications I've prepared for you, Young Master Justin. They specifically target your current symptoms. You can try them for a while. If they don't work, you can stop."
As Justin reached for the pills, Ian walked over with the coffee, glaring icily at Clarice.
"Mr. Salvador nearly died because of some unknown drugs. Do you think he'd just take whatever random concoction you bring?"
Ian's implication was clear-he suspected the medicine was problematic. This woman, after all, was Grant's personal doctor. Even though Grant had done Justin a favor, they could not afford to be careless!
In families like theirs, there was no familial love. Look at the Iverson family-it was just the opposite of love! Clarice chuckled arrogantly. "I understand your concerns, Mr. Harris. But let's not forget that back then, Mr. Grant risked his life to save Mr. Justin. How many brothers in this world would go to such lengths? If Mr. Grant had selfish motives, wouldn't it have been easier not to save him in the first place?"
Ian fumed, but what she said was the truth, making it difficult to retort
Justin's eyelids fluttered slightly, and he pressed his thin lips together.
"If you're worried about the medicine, or if you doubt Mr. Grant's sincerity, go ahead and take these pills to be tested. If anything's wrong with them, I'll take them myself."
Clarice appeared completely unbothered, fearless, and composed.
###chapter2298
Chapter 2298
"Thank my brother for me." Justin's gaze remained calm as he looked at Clarice. "I'll take the medicine. I still have work to do. Dr. Amaryllis, you may leave now."
"Then I won't disturb you any longer, Mr. Justin. If you feel unwell, contact me immediately."
With that, Clarice turned and walked toward the door.
"Ian, I'll attend the charity event this weekend," Justin said, his voice low.
Ian was overjoyed. "Understood. I'll make the arrangements right away!"
Clarice's eyes flickered as she glanced back briefly before striding out.
The moment the door closed, Justin's face turned cold. He grabbed the pills from the desk and tossed them into the trash without a second thought.
"Mr. Salvador, you've come to your senses?!" Ian was on the verge of tears from sheer relief. He had been worried Justin had fallen under the spell of that sly fox!
"My brother saved my life; that's true. But that doesn't mean I need to accept everything he gives me without question."
Justin closed the file on his desk, exhaled slowly, and recalled the conversation he had with his brother on the rooftop. The memory caused a dull pain in his temples, and he tightened his grip on the pen in his hand.
The weekend arrived quickly.
This year's annual Savrow charity event was unlike any before. It was co-hosted by the city's most prominent families, government entities, non-governmental organizations, and community groups. Such occasions were always a chance for these elites to showcase their generosity, enhance their public image, and flaunt their influence.
Now that Bella was the CEO of KS Group, she was expected to actively participate in such charitable activities. In the morning, a Rolls-Royce pulled up at the entrance of Savrow's largest orphanage, which was sponsored by the charity foundation.
Most high-society figures would only attend the evening's gala, making grand appearances as they publicly donated. The day's activities at the orphanage were often avoided due to the perceived inconvenience and messiness.
Bella, however, walked into the orphanage, accompanied by Steven and the director.
Snow had fallen the previous night, covering the courtyard in a pristine white blanket. Teachers and volunteers were busy shoveling the snow.
"Oh my, this year's event has really brought some liveliness to our orphanage! The director remarked with a pleased smile as she led Bella further inside
"In previous years, the charity gala was always bustling, but the orphanage was so quiet, with hardly anyone willing to visit. It's clear, Ms. Thompson, that you're genuinely kind-hearted and truly care for the children." Bella smiled faintly, asking nonchalantly, "Besides me, has anyone else come today?"
"Yes! Mr. Salvador is here as well!"
Bella froze in place, her heart racing uncontrollably as her voice became slightly hoarse. "Mr. Salvador... Where is he?"
"He's in the back courtyard playing soccer with the kids."
Suppressing the intense desire to see him, Bella forced herself to remain composed as she made her way to the back courtyard. Before she even entered, she could already hear the children's joyful laughter.
The next moment, she stood frozen in place. The heart that had been pounding wildly now sank with a wave of disappointment.
In the serene and picturesque snow-covered scene before her, Grant, dressed in a black wool coat, sat in a wheelchair, maneuvering through the children as they played soccer together. His face was lit with joy. Although his mobility was limited, his movements were smooth and unburdened, showing no signs of clumsiness. In fact, there was a youthful, carefree grace to him, as if he were completely at ease. "Big brother, be careful!"
The ground was slippery from the snow, and when Grant's wheelchair wobbled, a little boy quickly ran up to steady it.
"Thank you, little one." Grant smiled warmly, reaching out to pat the boy's head.
"Wow... Big brother, look at that pretty lady!" The boy pointed in Bella's direction, prompting Grant to glance over. His clear eyes arched gently as he smiled.
"Ms. Thompson, what a pleasant surprise."
###chapter2299
Chapter 2299
Grant could have easily maneuvered his wheelchair on his own, but the two adorable boys still insisted on pushing him toward Bella.
"Mr. Grant, I never expected to see you here." Though Bella greeted him with a polite smile, it was clear to any observer that her smile was forced. "I thought an event like this wouldn't be your kind of scene."
Grant's refined face, as gentle and pure as snow, lit up with a smile. "Are you disappointed?" Bella's heart trembled, but she feigned ignorance. "Disappointed about what?*
"Normally, the one attending charity events would be Justin. I'm not the president of the Salvador Corporation, so while my thoughts are with the evening's charity gala, I won't be attending to avoid unnecessary speculation."
Grant's tone was warm, understanding as always. "Although Justin isn't here now, you'll surely see him if you attend tonight's charity gala.*
Bella pursed her lips, her voice growing colder as she scrutinized him more intently.
"I won't be attending the gala tonight, Mr. Grant. You're overthinking things.*
At this moment, the director chimed in. "Ms. Thompson, you may not know this, but Mr. Grant has always been one of the major shareholders behind our orphanage's charity foundation. Over the years, he's been deeply involved in charity work. Our orphanage couldn't have developed as it has without his support behind the scenes!"
Bella's brow furrowed slightly, almost imperceptibly.
"Director, it was just a small contribution, hardly worth mentioning." Grant smiled faintly. "Ms. Thompson, I'll be building a snowman with the children later. Would you like to join me?"
Not wanting to appear overly sensitive in front of others, Bella reluctantly nodded. "Alright."
She glanced back at Steven, who looked worried, before following Grant deeper into the orphanage.
Meanwhile, Yvonne, now in her original appearance, also arrived at the orphanage. As soon as she entered, a teacher stopped her.
"Miss, may I ask who you are?"
Yvonne froze momentarily before breaking into a joyful smile. She had volunteered at this orphanage for three years, and the fact that the teacher, who knew her well, could not recognize her at such a close distance meant she had truly left her dark past behind.
"I'm a new volunteer here. My name is Summer Brown."
Yvonne had a new identity, taking Drew's last name. She hoped that the rest of her life would be filled with sunshine and happiness
To avoid drawing unnecessary attention, Yvonne decided to use a fake identity and presented her newly updated ID card with a fresh photo.
"Here's my identification. Please take a look."
"Ah, Ms. Brown. Please follow me."
Just then, Yvonne heard the sound of footsteps behind her. Turning casually to look, she was suddenly struck still.
In the golden sunlight, Justin's tall, handsome figure entered the orphanage's gate. Walking beside him was Clarice, who was smiling brightly.
Yvonne's pupils constricted, and her heart filled with tension and sympathy for Bella.
Anyone watching the couple from a distance would feel the same heartache. Yvonne felt an intense sorrow. How much more devastating would this be for Bella?
Clenching her fists in frustration, Yvonne watched helplessly as they walked past her without a second glance.
Suddenly, Justin stopped in his tracks. His dark eyes shifted slightly, glancing toward Yvonne.
"Miss, have we met before?"
Clarice turned as well, her gaze cold and curious.
Yvonne realized that this was the first time Justin had seen her since her cosmetic surgery. Deciding it was best not to stir any trouble in front of this mysterious woman, Yvonne calmly responded, "No, Mr. Salvador, you must be mistaken."
Clarice smirked. "If you haven't met, how do you recognize Mr. Justin?"
"Mr. Salvador is the president of the Salvador Corporation, a man of great power and influence." Yvonne lowered her eyes coolly. "Besides, Mr. Salvador and Ms. Thompson saved countless people from despair. Their reputation is known far and wide in Savrow. Recognizing Mr. Salvador is hardly surprising, is it?"
Justin's dark eyes deepened as he silently observed her.
The two women exchanged a glance, sparks of tension flying between them. Both had a vague sense of familiarity with the other.
"Mr. Salvador, it's time for us to head inside," Clarice said, withdrawing her probing gaze from Yvonne's face. Justin's expression darkened once again as he left with Clarice by his side.
After touring the orphanage with Grant, Bella returned to the courtyard to join the children in a snowball fight and snowman-building. The cheerful atmosphere momentarily helped her forget her worries.
Sitting in his wheelchair, Grant watched Bella, who was dressed in a white cashmere coat, interact with the children. Her delicate, rosy cheeks were flushed from the cold as she laughed with the children, skillfully forming the snowman's head.
Her pure and carefree demeanor made him smile. His dark eyes reflected a gentle, shimmering light.
"Wow... Look! That gentleman is so handsome, and he looks perfect with Ms. Thompson!"
"Yeah! Too bad he's not able to walk properly. Such a pity... If only he could stand, I bet he'd be a strong competition for Mr. Salvador!"
"I've heard he's also from the Salvador family. He's the eldest son!"
"Ah... He and Ms. Thompson look like a great pair too. Mr. Justin must be feeling the pressure!"
The whispered conversations around Grant drifted in and out of his hearing. Grant's smile grew as he bent down to scoop up a handful of soft snow, molding it into a ball in his palm.
Bella finally finished building the snowman. Her almond-shaped eyes gleamed as she breathed out puffs of white mist, a thin sheen of sweat glistening on her forehead. Just as she turned around, her body froze.
Standing not far away were Justin and Clarice. The warmth in Bella's body vanished instantly, replaced by an icy chill.
###chapter2300
Chapter 2300
At the same time, Justin also noticed Bella with Grant.
This harmonious scene was one he had seen before, etched in the black-and-white memories of his past. He had once watched her play and watched her laugh.
Time had passed, and now, another man stood in the place he had once occupied. Back then, it was he who had initiated the breakup, telling her not to waste time on him and advising her to find a better suitor.
Yet, as he watched his older brother clearly harbor feelings for Bella and saw how happy they seemed together, a bitter taste spread in Justin's mouth, one he couldn't describe.
Justin's fingers curled slightly, veins bulging on the back of his hand. It felt like there was a bee in his mouth, stinging the tip of his tongue. A faint pain and numbness quietly spread throughout his body.
As Justin's thoughts wandered, several cold snowflakes drifted down, brushing across his sharply defined face.
"Watch out!"
Suddenly, a large chunk of snow dislodged from a trembling, high tree branch, hurtling toward Justin and Clarice.
"Ah!"
Clarice let out a delicate cry, drawing the attention of everyone nearby, including Bella and Grant.
Seeing the snow about to fall on her, she shrank her shoulders in panic, leaning into the man next to her, who had not moved a muscle.
At that moment, Justin instinctively bent his head and leaned forward slightly, causing both of them to be covered in snow. A blanket of white enveloped them.
From Bella's perspective, it looked like the man was shielding the woman in his arms, which pierced her heart.
A surge of bitterness nearly overflowed from her tear-filled eyes. The painful emotions clawed at her throat, cutting deeply with every breath
At that moment, she felt as though her heart had shattered into pieces.
"These mischievous kids! I told them not to kick the tree, but they just wouldn't listen! Now look what happened!"
A teacher scolded the troublemaking children while continuously apologizing to Justin and Clarice. 'I'm so sorry! Are you two alright? Would you like to come inside, warm up by the heater, and dry your hair?"
"It's fine," Justin replied, his expression dark, standing still without even brushing the snow off his shoulders or head.
"It's okay; kids will be kids. A little mischief is only natural."
Clarice smiled warmly and kindly, then looked up at the tall man beside her, gently brushing the snow from his broad shoulders.
But Justin's gaze was fixed on Bella in the distance, entirely unaware of the woman's affectionate gestures. "My apologies, Mr. Grant," Bella said, her eyes tinged with red as she withdrew her pained gaze. Her voice was hoarse. "I have something to attend to, so I'll be leaving first."
Noticing her pallor, Grant quickly offered, 'T'll see you off."
"No need. Please stay."
With that, she gritted her teeth, turned around, and walked briskly toward the exit without looking back. Grant did not remain in place but instead maneuvered his wheelchair, slowly following her while
maintaining a respectful distance, careful not to make her feel uncomfortable.
Standing tall where he was, Justin watched them walk farther and farther away until they completely disappeared from view. His heart sank
"Mr. Justin, you're covered in snow too. You should come inside and warm up, or you might catch a cold."
Clarice reached out to pull Justin's arm, but he coldly brushed her off
"You go ahead. I don't need it."
With that, he strode away, leaving her behind.
"Mr. Justin!" Clarice stomped her foot in frustration, biting her lip in anger.
Bella's lips trembled as she walked hurriedly, wiping away the tears at the corner of her eyes.
###chapter2301

At this moment, a fierce inner conflict was raging in Bella's mind, with her angel and demon voices clashing.
'Bella, you've finally seen through that scoundrel, haven't you? He's just a scumbag who can't change his ways, a cheater who jumps from one woman to the next. You should give up on him already! Don't let yourself be fooled again!'
'Bella, don't give up on him! Justin only became like this because of his head injury. It's not that he doesn't want to see you. Stop overthinking!'
'Ugh! Stop making excuses for a scumbag! Even if he no longer loves Bella, he still has the memories from their time together. How could he just throw away all those unforgettable moments? Instead, he flaunts his new relationship with another woman as if none of it ever mattered!'
'What you're saying is completely unreasonable! With that logic, should people never be allowed to break up just because they once dated? Besides, what do memories even count for? Memories don't matter!'
Amidst the snowfall, Bella came to an abrupt halt, standing in the biting chill that cut through her thin frame and dried her tears. All other noise in her mind faded away, leaving only that one sentence, echoing endlessly. 'Memories don't matter...'
Right. To Justin, Bella was someone he buried in the past. He had moved on while she
remained pitifully stuck in place, endlessly drowning in their memories.
In a daze, Bella thought she heard someone calling her name. But her mind was blank, and her body felt frozen stiff, unable to move at all.
"Bella! Watch out!" Grant's voice yanked her out of the mire of sorrow.
Bella snapped back to reality, only to see a small truck hurtling toward her, its horn blaring frantically.
The driver leaned out of the window and screamed, "The brakes aren't working! Get out of the way!"
Bella's heart raced, but it felt like her feet were weighed down. She could not move in time! At that moment, Justin rushed to the scene. Seeing Bella in danger, his heart pounded as he instinctively sprinted toward her with all his might.
However, he was too far away. Even as he rushed forward using every ounce of strength, he was still too late.
Suddenly, he saw a figure dart ahead of him, embracing the frail woman tightly.
As the truck barreled toward her, a man suddenly rushed in and shielded Bella's body with his own, and the two of them tumbled into the snow together.
The truck then crashed violently into a nearby wall, its front end crumpled and damaged. Bella trembled as she opened her eyes, catching a faint, slightly bitter scent of medicine. What she saw was Grant's concerned face, his deep, calm eyes looking down at her with care. "Ms. Thompson... Are you alright?" Grant panted, his voice low and strained.
Bella stared at him in shock, then glanced at the wheelchair lying on the ground nearby. Her heart was in turmoil.
"I'm fine." Bella winced as she tried to push herself up, but the searing pain in her injured leg left her too weak to even stand.
"I'll take you to the hospital." Grant's face turned pale. He scooped Bella up in his arms and slowly walked out, trembling step by step.
"Mr. Salvador, put me down! I can manage on my own!" Bella squirmed in his embrace, but the man held her securely, showing no intention of letting go.
"Ms. Thompson, you don't have to pretend to be strong in front of me." Grant looked down at her, his gaze deep and steady. Though each step was a struggle, he did his best to appear at ease. "Don't worry about me; I still have enough strength to carry you."
Bella narrowed her eyes upon hearing this.
At that moment, Justin watched them leave, his lips parting as if he wanted to speak, but no words came. His heart raced uncontrollably.
###chapter2302
Chapter 2302
Grant gently helped Bella into the backseat of his car just as Steven hurried over, out of breath.
"Ms. Bella! Are you okay?!"
Bella's expression was complex, but she forced a faint smile. "Don't worry, Steve. I'm fine."
"Ms. Thompson was nearly hit by a truck and fell on the same leg from her previous accident." Grant did not give her a chance to pretend to be strong and spoke frankly. "I'm worried her old injury might flare up, so I'm taking her to the hospital."
"How did this happen?" Steven's voice was heavy with guilt. "Ms. Bella, it's all my fault! I was negligent!"
"It's fine. It's an accident. It's not your fault," Bella said with a faint shake of her head, then turned to Grant. "Mr. Salvador, thank you for saving me. But my secretary can take me to the hospital. There's no need to trouble you further."
Just as Grant was about to respond, his face turned deathly pale, and his body shook violently as he clutched the car handle for support.
Bella and Steven were both shocked!
"Mr. Grant!" At that moment, Clarice hurried over and supported the unsteady Grant, swiftly placing two pills into his mouth.
As Grant swallowed them, a hint of color slowly returned to his face, but his breathing remained labored.
"Mr. Grant, you're pushing yourself too hard!" Clarice patted his trembling back, her voice trembling with urgency. "I heard that you rushed forward without hesitation to save Ms. Thompson! Your body isn't strong enough for such intense exertion. It's dangerous!"
Grant struggled to steady his breathing, glancing briefly at Bella. "It's alright... See, I'm fine now. I'll be okay with some medicine..."
Clarice's voice tightened with concern. "How can you say that? I know exactly what you've been through to get here. I've been taking care of you for so long. Do you think I don't understand your condition?"
Bella noticed his pale face and murmured, "Thank you for saving me this time, Mr. Salvador."
Grant smiled as he said, "As long as you're alright, that's what matters."
"My secretary will take me to the hospital. You should go back and get some rest," Bella insisted, still polite but firm. "But I owe you a favor now. I will repay it."
Grant's long lashes fluttered, and his deep gaze softened with a hidden tenderness. "If you
wish to repay me, then allow me to visit you at the hospital."
Bella hesitated, biting her lip.
But since he had saved her life, she could not find a reason to refuse, so she agreed.
Eventually, Bella and Steven left the orphanage.
Grant sat back in his wheelchair, and Clarice pushed him back inside.
"Sir, no matter the circumstances, you shouldn't gamble with your health!" Clarice's voice was still shaky. "Your body is the foundation of everything. Without it, nothing else matters!"
Just then, Yvonne came toward them, accompanied by a group of lively children.
A spirited boy, not paying attention, accidentally collided with Grant, who was sitting in his wheelchair.
"Watch where you're going, you little rascal!" Clarice scolded as he glared angrily at the child.
The boy froze on the spot, frightened.
"I'm so sorry!" Yvonne quickly stepped forward, bowing in apology and pulling the boy behind her.
Grant rested his arms on the wheelchair's armrests, his posture graceful and composed, as he raised his gaze to look at the woman before him. "It's alright. I like lively and adorable children."
The familiar voice-clear, steady, and deep-reached Yvonne's ears.
Her pupils dilated abruptly, and her spine stiffened as if struck by lightning. Her fingers curled up unconsciously.
She thought, 'That voice sounds like the "Boss" whom Christopher regarded as his savior!'
###chapter2303

Although Yvonne had accompanied Christopher on several trips to Meridan to visit the " Boss", she had never seen his face.
However, by chance, she had once faintly overheard his voice. It was a memorable voice- distinct and resonant. Even though it had only brushed past her ears like a feather, it had left a deep impression.
"Miss... You're gripping my hand too tight," The little boy whispered to Yvonne.
Yvonne snapped out of her thoughts and quickly led the child away from the man.
"It's this woman again," Clarice sneered with disdain. "She's always acting so strangely, like I've offended her somehow."
Grant narrowed his eyes slightly, glancing in the direction where Yvonne had disappeared." You've met her before?"
Clarice scoffed. "I saw her once when I was here with Justin. He actually talked to a random woman. That's pretty unusual for him. I wonder if taking those pills triggered his scumbag tendencies to flare up."
"Oh? What did Justin say to her?"
"He asked if they had met somewhere before."
Grant fell into a pensive silence, his gaze turning thoughtful. "Look into that woman's background."
Clarice frowned in confusion. "She's just a regular caregiver. Is that really necessary?"
"No one knows my brother better than I do," Grant replied, his voice low and firm. "There are very few women in this world who could make him take the initiative to speak."
As night fell, Justin hurriedly left the charity gala before the auction even began. His expression was gloomy as he drove aimlessly through the night.
He did not know how much time had passed before he abruptly slammed on the brakes. After a moment of hesitation, he pulled out his phone and dialed a number.
After a few rings, Steven's exasperated voice came through. "Mr. Salvador, what do you want at this hour?"
Justin's hands gripped the steering wheel, his knuckles strained from the tension bubbling up inside him. His thin lips were pressed together tightly, his throat felt dry and tight, and he struggled to speak.
Steven's patience was wearing thin. "If you don't have anything to say, I'm hanging up."
"Is Ms. Thompson at home?" Justin's voice was hoarse.
"She's at the hospital," Steven replied, his tone heavy with concern. "Ms. Bella just recovered from a car accident two days ago, and now she's injured her leg again. She might need a cast."
"Which hospital? I'd like to="
Before Justin could finish, Steven cut him off angrily. "Do you know why Ms. Bella almost got into an accident? She's always been careful and wouldn't make such a careless mistake. The reason she was distracted and unfocused was all because of you!"
Justin closed his eyes. In the dark, his handsome face seemed pale, losing its warmth.
"Even if you don't want Ms. Bella anymore, there's no need to parade your new lover around to provoke her! Are you out of your mind or just heartless? Do you not remember how she treated you or how much she loved you? Do you not have the slightest awareness of that?!"
Justin frowned deeply, his voice cold. "I don't have a new lover."
"Ha, no new lover... I'd say you're simply heartless!"
Justin's mouth felt dry as he swallowed hard.
"Ms. Bella is currently at the Thompson hospital, ward number A006." Steven snapped before ending the call.
Justin slowly blinked, repeating the room number to himself. He then floored the gas pedal, and his sports car sped off into the darkness.
###chapter2304

At the back of the orphanage, a black Maybach sat quietly at the roadside with its headlights off.
Not long after, a figure stealthily emerged from the rear door and swiftly got into the car.
"Ms. Amaryllis, I'm sorry to have kept you waiting," The woman said respectfully.
In the dim light, Clarice sat arrogantly with her legs crossed, her gaze indifferent as she handed the woman a brown envelope. "You did well this morning."
The woman accepted it, felt its thickness, and grinned widely. "Cutting a brake line was no big deal, just a small task."
Clarice did not bother to look at the lowly person, her expression cold and indifferent. "By the way, did you find the information I asked for? About all the volunteers and staff at the orphanage?"
"Yes, yes! I've been working here for over ten years. This kind of thing is easy!" The woman took out a stack of documents from her bag and handed them to Clarice with both hands.
Clarice took them and began scanning through the pages carefully.
Suddenly, her pupils contracted as she sharply pulled out one of the documents. The photo showed a beautiful woman with a striking resemblance to Bella, Christopher's former companion. It was Yvonne!
"This woman is a volunteer here?" Clarice asked suspiciously.
"Yes, Ms. Amaryllis. Ms. Smith has been volunteering at the orphanage for over two years. Not only that, but she donates to us every year. She's well-regarded around here."
Noticing Clarice's unsettled demeanor, the woman asked curiously, "Is there an issue with her?"
Clarice's voice turned cold. "Is she still volunteering here?"
"It's been a while since Ms. Smith last came by, but that's not uncommon. Volunteers can come and go as they please. They're giving their time freely anyway. She's been dedicated for over two years, which is a lot. Most people would've quit long ago because it's hard work."
Clarice frowned and said, "Today at the orphanage, there was a woman named Summer Brown. Do you know her?"
"Summer Brown? Never heard of her. It's probably her first time here."
Clarice fell into contemplation. The more she thought about it, the more she felt like something was off.
This woman called Summer had just shown up, while Yvonne, who used to visit regularly,
had been missing for a while.
Moreover, Justin had even approached Summer, asking if they had met before. Although she was a stranger, there was something familiar about her that had piqued his interest.
Suddenly, a realization dawned on Clarice as her gaze turned dark.
A sports car screeched into a parking spot in the hospital's underground parking lot, drifting sharply as it pulled in.
Justin stepped out and quickly made his way to the ward number A006.
The hallway was eerily silent in the late hours, with only his steady, slightly wavering steps echoing and accentuating the weight of his pounding heart.
The image of Bella almost getting into a car accident flashed through his mind. His brother had rushed to save her and held her tightly.
His heart throbbed with indescribable pain, as if an invisible force were gripping and twisting it.
Justin was almost at the ward when the door suddenly opened. Grant, who was seated in a wheelchair, slowly emerged.
Justin's steps faltered, and his breathing became labored as he approached.
In the bright, empty hallway, the brothers faced each other in tense silence.
Justin, tall and striking like a statue, stood in contrast to Grant, who sat obscured in the darkness. His pale, sickly features were barely visible, like a ghostly figure lurking in the shadows.
After a moment, Justin found himself unable to hold back any longer. He strode toward his brother, driven by a subtle yet persistent desire to see Bella.
As he was about to enter, Grant suddenly smiled and extended his right arm, blocking his path.
"Justin, what brings you here so late?" Grant asked, his voice light.
Justin swallowed hard, his voice hoarse. "I heard Ms. Thompson was in a car accident today. Is she alright?"
"She's fine; it's just her leg injury flaring up. She needs rest," Grant replied, his tone calm.
"I want to see her."
"Bella is already asleep," Grant said, his gaze dark and unreadable.
Hearing this from someone else's mouth sent Justin's vision into a blur. His heart sank. A dull ache spread through his chest, almost welling up in his eyes.
"I just want to see her for a minute. I'll leave right after." Justin spoke firmly as he tried to
move past, but Grant suddenly grabbed his arm.
"Justin," Grant said, stopping him in his tracks.
The grip tightened, and Justin could feel the increasing pressure in his brother's fingers."
What are you doing, Grant?"
"Isn't it obvious? I'm stopping you."
Justin frowned and asked, "Why?"
"Because I think you shouldn't be near Bella anymore," Grant replied with a faint smile.
Grant's expression remained gentle, but his eyes carried a chilling darkness. "When she needed someone the most-when she was in danger-I was there for her. I saved her. Where were you then? You were absent and indifferent. So, why are you here now? Is it out of regret, or are you just trying to assert your presence?"
Justin frowned as the color drained from his lips. This was the first time his brother had ever spoken to him so harshly, and it was all for Bella.
"Justin, ever since you came to the Salvador family, you've had everything handed to you the affection of our grandfather, the trust of our father, even your position as the president of Salvador Corporation. I never tried to compete with you for any of that."
Grant spoke bluntly and sharply, with a touch of sarcasm, yet his smile appeared innocent. " But when it comes to Bella, I'm dead serious. I won't let you try to take the credit for what
I've done."
He paused, his gaze unwavering. "Besides, she's no longer yours. If you've chosen to let go, then let it go completely. Otherwise, for the first time, I will be mad at you."
###chapter2305

Justin clenched his large hand at his side, trembling slightly, as his handsome face darkened in the dim light. After a moment of silence, Grant smiled faintly and brushed past Justin, ignoring his tense expression.
"Grant, I've always looked up to you since we were kids," Justin said, his voice hoarse as he spoke with his back to Grant. "There are some things I'm willing to compromise on, but others I simply cannot."
Grant glanced over his shoulder, his eyes narrowing slightly. "Like what?"
"I want to see her now," Justin said, his dark eyes gleaming with intensity as he spoke with emphasis. "Grant, your feelings for her are your own; I have no right to stop you. But you can't stop me from seeing her either."
Justin continued, "However, if both of you are officially in a relationship, you won't need to say a word. I'll stay away from Ms. Thompson and sincerely wish you both a lifetime of happiness together."
For some reason, when he said the last sentence, it felt like a dull ache in his throat, leaving a faint bitter taste. "But as long as Ms. Thompson isn't yours, you and I are on equal footing. You can see her, and so can I. If my actions bother you, all I can say is, I'm sorry."
The dark shadows hid any trace of Grant's expression. His voice was calm, giving away no emotion. "Justin, do you still have feelings for her? Haven't you moved on?"
Justin swallowed hard, his expression becoming erratic.
"Justin, although we are only half brothers, ask yourself-how have I treated you all these years?" Grant coughed a few times, his voice growing deeper.
"You've treated me well," Justin admitted, his breath catching. Memories of growing up together with his brother flashed before his eyes-harmonious moments filled with care and support.
His brother was four years older than him, but as the saying goes, an elder brother is like a father.
During those dark days when Justin first arrived at the Salvador family, facing endless cold stares, his brother was indeed the first to show him kindness and stand up for him when the servants mistreated him. Grant had given Justin warmth.
Then there was that terrifying kidnapping incident when his brother had risked everything to help him escape. Otherwise, the one sitting in a wheelchair today, unable to even walk or run like a normal person, would have been Justin.
"You can see how I am now. For the rest of my life, I will be bound to this wheelchair and rely on medication just to barely maintain this state." Grant sighed lightly, a bitter smile tugging at his lips. "I know I'm not worthy of Ms. Thompson. But she is willing to stay by my
side, despite my terrible condition. Justin, I am not made of stone. I've spent so many years alone in a foreign country, often feeling lonely, desolate, and helpless. I frequently wondered if this was how I would languish for the rest of my life. I want a partner too. I want to marry, have children, and experience a simple, happy marriage."
His brother, who had always seemed detached from worldly matters, now yearned for a wife and children, and the woman he had in mind was Bella.
Justin pressed his lips together, his chest heaving. He recalled the scene at the orphanage today. Amidst the romantic snowfall, Bella and Grant's gazes met. They looked so bright and joyful.
Yet whenever she saw him, her eyes would redden with tears or reflect a sorrow that could not be put into words.
Justin was once the one she loved, but now he was merely someone who brought her pain.
"If I could have a woman like Ms. Thompson by my side in this lifetime, I would have no regrets." Grant's eyes were filled with longing, his tone sincere, even tinged with a hint of humility. "Justin, as your brother, I'm asking you to please give me and Ms. Thompson a chance to be together. Will you help me fulfill this wish?"
Justin's body stiffened, his jawline sharp and rough, radiating a controlled, razor-sharp edge. He stood there in a daze, not even realizing when Grant had left.
Not long after, the door to the ward opened.
Steven walked out carrying a thermal lunch box.
Seeing Justin standing motionless in the hallway, Steven froze for a moment before a dark look crossed his face.
"Well, you sure came quickly," Steven muttered under his breath, his long eyelashes fluttering slightly.
"Mr. Lovett, I want to see her."
"Do you think you can just waltz in like that? Our young lady isn't some animal on display," Steven scoffed, rolling his eyes as he turned and headed back into the room. "Wait here."
###chapter2306

A minute later, Steven came out again, his expression complicated as he looked at Justin." Ms. Bella doesn't want to see you. Please leave."
Justin clenched his fingers. "Why?"
Steven smirked coldly. "Why? Perhaps she has finally come to her senses. She doesn't want to fall for the same man twice or humiliate herself by offering warmth only to be met with cold indifference."
Justin's handsome face turned pale, and he remained silent.
Thinking of the grievances that Bella had endured recently, Steven's eyes reddened as he fought back his frustration.
"Mr. Salvador, Ms. Bella is exhausted. Since she doesn't want to see you, please leave her alone and stop disturbing her."
Tideview Manor.
In the study, Clarice revealed everything she had uncovered to Grant without holding anything back.
"That's why I have reason to believe that the woman named Summer Brown is actually Yvonne Smith, the substitute for Bella that Christopher kept by his side!"
Clarice bit her lip, staring at the man behind the desk who was focused on his writing. His brow was furrowed slightly in concentration as he elegantly held his pen. She ground her teeth.
"No wonder that woman was so strange toward me today. If she's really Yvonne, then it makes sense. She was rude to me, but I don't care about that. What I'm worried about is whether she has noticed something. Don't you think she seemed a bit flustered when she ran into you today?"
"After breaking free from Christopher's control and overcoming countless obstacles to be with Drew, she has finally started a new life."
Grant finished writing the word 'Bella' on the calligraphy paper. His strokes were graceful and lively, the ink penetrating the paper. "The first thing she would naturally do is change the face that caused her so much pain. She no longer wants to be anyone's shadow."
Clarice was shocked. "Have you known this from the start?"
"I only suspected it. That's why I sent you to confirm my guess."
Clarice was filled with admiration. Her respect for Grant's wisdom knew no bounds. If he had a perfect body as well, Justin would be no match for him.
"Sir, I fear Yvonne might be suspicious of you after today's events. After all, she used to work closely with Christopher and has had some encounters with us. Even if she hasn't seen us directly, I'm afraid she might sense something. If this information reaches Ms. Thompson, it will be a huge problem."
Clarice stepped forward, her gaze cold and menacing. "Should I send someone to find an opportunity to get rid of her once and for all?"
"Clarice, you're losing your patience again."
Grant placed his pen on the rack and moved the paperweight aside. He picked up the written letters and admired them with a smile. "Perhaps she is only confused and hasn't made any firm conclusions yet. If you act now, wouldn't you be openly confirming that Christopher's backer is me?"
"So you plan to let this go?"
Clarice frowned, worried. "Yvonne is still part of Christopher's group and is involved with Drew. If we don't eliminate the problem at its root, it will only grow stronger with time."
She was blunt, ruthless, and relentless.
"Even if we are to act, we must wait." Grant's elegant smile concealed a trace of barely perceptible viciousness. "We must wait for the right moment. When we eliminate the trouble, we must also ensure our safety."
At 5:00 a.m. in the depths of winter, the city of Savrow remained shrouded in silence and darkness.
Bella tossed and turned in her hospital bed, unable to sleep for more than a few minutes at a time.
Eventually, she dragged her weary body out of bed, slipped on her slippers, and decided to take a walk.
Her legs were still weak, so she leaned against the wall and slowly made her way toward the corridor.
As she opened the door and looked up, her delicate frame in the oversized hospital gown trembled violently.
Justin was sitting before her in the cold chair, with his back straight and eyes closed, motionless.
Under the dim light, he was silent. Throughout the long night, his only companion was his elongated shadow, adding to the loneliness.
Bella's heartbeat faltered, her breathing becoming erratic.
Hearing the sound, the man slowly opened his bloodshot eyes, lifting his gaze slightly to meet hers.
###chapter2307

The moment their gazes met, Bella's heart trembled. Her thoughts were tangled like a ball of yarn toyed with by a kitten, hopelessly knotted. 'How long has Justin been here? Had he
waited all night?'
Bella stared at those beautiful, bloodshot eyes without blinking. A sourness surged up from her nose, and her heart thudded painfully. But then she remembered the scene from yesterday at the orphanage him standing beneath a tree with Clarice, protectively shielding another woman.
Her frail body trembled slightly as she shifted her gaze away from Justin, her throat tight, struggling with a lump that refused to go down.
She had endured storms of blood and violence and survived the harshest conditions when she was working with Doctors Without Borders, facing hunger and cold, even going without a proper bath for weeks. Yet none of that had ever made her feel this way.
Just as she was about to shut the door, Justin sprang up and strode forward. His strong hand grabbed the edge of the door, almost catching his fingers in the frame.
"What do you want?" Bella kept her eyes lowered, refusing to look at him, but she could still feel the intense and heavy gaze bearing down on her.
Justin bent his head, his chest rising and falling, his warm breath brushing against her reddened nose. "I've been waiting for you."
"Mr. Salvador, what could you possibly be waiting for? Besides, I already told my assistant to inform you that I won't see you." Bella turned her pale face away, her voice trembling faintly. "Just go. I'm tired. I need to go back to sleep..."
"Tired, and yet you're up this early?" Justin gazed at her delicate face, soft as jade. His voice was low and deep. "I remember you never had the habit of sleeping in. You were always full of energy, waking up early to go rowing or work out."
"I'm not always full of energy. Even I have lazy days." Bella's thin shoulders shrugged slightly. The corners of her pale lips curled into a faint, forced smile. "There was a time when I did sleep in, but it doesn't matter anymore. Who would care about something so trivial? It's all in the past now. I don't care anymore."
Justin's dark eyes narrowed sharply.
He recalled the time they had lived together. They were inseparable.
Every morning after their nights of passion, she would be like a sleepy kitten, never getting enough rest.
He had been insatiable, always craving more of her, never satisfied with just one round. Every time, he would drain himself completely, filling her with everything he had and exhausting her. It wasn't until she cried and begged for mercy, scratching his back until it
was a mess, that he would finally stop.
"Does your leg still hurt?" Justin's voice was low and hoarse, his eyes dark and unreadable. "It's none of your business. From now on, nothing about me concerns you."
Bella knew most men couldn't resist a vulnerable woman, but what she saw yesterday hurt her too deeply. Her heart was shattered, and at that moment, she had no desire to face him. So she tried to shut the door with all her strength.
"Since you already have someone new, Mr. Salvador, please don't interfere in my life anymore. Leave. I won't see you out."
However, his strength was overwhelming, and no matter how hard she tried, she could not close the door.
"If I don't have someone new, does that mean I don't have to leave?" Justin's eyes were fixed on her, his gaze straightforward and unwavering.
He had always been calm, like still water without a ripple, but now his voice carried an unexpected trace of urgency.
Bella did not believe a word he said. She only trusted her own eyes.
What happened yesterday had been the breaking point after days of accumulated pain, causing her to completely snap. She had given up and resigned herself to the idea of ending things.
Was fate really fair?
In the beginning, her relationship with Justin had been something she schemed for, using every means at her disposal. She thought that after everything they had been through, their love would be unshakable and that this man belonged to her.
But fate had taken him away anyway, separating them, no matter how much it hurt her.
As expected, what was not hers would always be lost.
"Justin... It's over between us." Bella finally looked into his starry eyes, taking a deep breath to suppress the grievances that surged in her chest, almost choking her. "You come here, ignoring my feelings, sitting outside my door all night. I told you to leave, but you won't... What do you even want? Don't you realize how much this bothers me?!"
Justin's fingers tightened around the edge of the door, ignoring her accusations. His voice remained calm and low. "I just wanted to see you."
"In what capacity?" Bella asked back.
###chapter2308

Bella's eyes stung, and her nostrils flared slightly as she held onto a sliver of hope. "Are we friends? Lovers? Exes? Or am I someone you can't let go of?"
Justin's deep, starry eyes remained unreadable. "I don't know."
Looking at the expressionless man before her, as unyielding as a wall of iron, a wave of helplessness washed over Bella, followed by an indescribable sense of disappointment.
"Well, you've seen me now. You can go."
Unexpectedly, the next moment, Justin's tall frame suddenly pushed open the door with such force that Bella became unsteady on her feet. She let out a soft cry and fell backward.
Justin quickly bent down, his firm arm wrapping around her slender waist and lifting her up, their two warm bodies pressed tightly together.
Their faces were so close that they could feel each other's breaths.
Justin could even see the fine, nearly transparent layer of fuzz on her delicate skin.
"Let go of me!" Bella's heart raced as she wriggled in his arms.
But Justin's large hand on her waist only tightened. Every move she made seemed more like a teasing, a soft plea for attention.
"I thought you were tired. It seems to me that you have plenty of energy." Justin's breathing grew heavier as he effortlessly picked up the petite woman, carrying her straight into the hospital room. "Your leg is injured. Don't move unless you want to stay here longer."
Tears silently welled up in the corners of Bella's eyes as she buried her face against his chest, unable to hold them back.
The distance to the bed was only a few steps, but she wished he would hold her like this forever, carrying her endlessly.
As he placed her gently on the bed, the sudden emptiness in his arms made the muscles in his arms tense. That subtle, sharp sensation crawled up his chest, making him
uncomfortable.
Suddenly, his gaze fixed on something. Under the dim light, he clearly saw two silver strands of hair by Bella's temple.
Her hair had always been thick and jet black, as smooth as silk, making those few silver strands stand out sharply.
"Ow... That hurts!" Bella quickly covered her temple as she glared at him.
Justin swiftly plucked one out, staring at it seriously. "You have white hair."
Bella froze, and the next second, tears threatened to overflow from her eyes.
Back when they had lived together, she would often perch behind him while he worked in his study, playfully plucking out the occasional white hair she found.
--"Wow! Justin, you're done for! You're getting old! I just pulled one last week, and here's another!"
He would lift his head from his pile of paperwork and smile at her indulgently.
- "I know you like messing with my hair, so I grew a few for you to pluck."
"I heard that men who grow white hair are weak...."
--"Oh? Is that so?"
The next second, he would grab her by the waist, pulling her onto his lap, his hot hands roaming her body, each touch sending waves of desire crashing through her senses.
--"You'd know best whether I'm weak or not, wouldn't you?"
Bella could not hold it in any longer. Her eyes reddened as she slapped his hand away, and the silver strand floated to the ground.
"Justin... I hate you... I hate you so much!"
Justin frowned. "Why?"
"Don't you know pulling white hairs makes them grow back even more?"
Her face flushed red with anger as she balled her small fists. "I'm only 26, and I'm already stressed enough to have white hair! Isn't that miserable enough? I refuse to end up like you, aging prematurely!"
Justin stared deeply into her moist almond-shaped eyes, her pouty lips, and her adorable, angry face.
Suddenly, his mind went blank, and his breathing became erratic.
In the next moment, he bent down, bracing his left arm beside her head, and before he could stop himself, his thin lips crashed down on hers, sealing it with a kiss.
###chapter2309

The moment their lips met, an overwhelming surge of emotion-fierce and unrestrained- rushed from Justin's chest straight to his mind, consuming him entirely.
Bella's soft body was pinned beneath him. His lips and tongue invaded clumsily yet
forcefully, while her eyes glistened with unshed tears.
At first, she resisted gently, her breath unsteady. But soon, she succumbed to the kiss she had longed for, her back arching upward as her small hands clutched at the lapels of his suit, eagerly returning his kiss.
Their breaths mingled, creating a perfect harmony of desire.
Justin's deep gaze lingered on her delicate nose and her tear-filled eyes, his passion intensifying.
In the stillness of the room, their entwined bodies spoke volumes of longing without uttering a word.
Then suddenly, the shrill sound of a phone ringing shattered the moment.
Both of them jolted awake, as though pulled from a dream. At the same time, Justin felt a sharp, debilitating pain crash through his head, spreading throughout his entire body.
He abruptly broke away from her lips, stood up, and hurried out of the room without looking back.
Bella trembled, kneeling on the hospital bed, her slender hand reaching out in the direction he had disappeared, only to grasp a handful of cold, empty air.
She bit down on her lips, swollen and reddened from the kiss. She swallowed the growing ache in her heart as she picked up the still-ringing phone by the bedside.
"Yvonne, what's going on? Why are you calling so early?" Bella, trying to steady her breath, asked with concern.
Yvonne's voice came through, low and apologetic. "Bella, I'm sorry... Did I disturb you?" Bella forced a light tone, wiping away the lingering tears at the corner of her eyes. "It's fine. I was already awake. We're best friends; no need to worry about that."
"Bella... Are you getting close to Grant lately?" Yvonne's voice suddenly shifted, growing tense with worry.
Bella immediately sat up straight. "Not particularly close. It's just that he saved me the other day, so we've had more contact lately. Why?"
"I don't know how to explain it... My head is a mess right now." Yvonne took a deep breath, her voice shaking. "Yesterday, I ran into Grant when I was volunteering at the orphanage. As I passed by him, I heard him speak. His voice sounded incredibly similar to the voice of the
Boss behind Christopher."
Bella's almond-shaped eyes widened in shock, the warmth of the previous moments vanishing as a cold chill crept in. "Yvonne, are you sure?!"
"I... I can't be 100% sure," Yvonne stammered, her voice trembling, "I know voices can sometimes be similar, but when I accompanied Christopher to meet that Boss in Meridan, I overheard part of their conversation. His voice was so distinct, so memorable, that I couldn't forget it."
Yvonne's anxiety was palpable. "Also, hasn't Grant also been in Meridan for treatment all this time? Could it really be a coincidence? If Grant is that Boss, then his intentions in getting close to you might be dangerous!"
Bella clutched the phone tightly, her gaze drifting toward the window and the sky just beginning to brighten.
The Boss had been in Meridan. Grant had also been in Meridan. Right after Christopher's downfall, Grant who had stayed under the radar for twenty years suddenly made his return.
Why?
Was it just because he missed home and felt that his health had recovered? No one would believe that.
Maybe it was because he finally felt strong enough, confident that the time was right to return and reclaim everything that had once been his. Or perhaps, with Christopher -his puppet-now out of the picture, Grant had no other choice but to personally take charge of the situation and restore order.
###chapter2310

"Thank you for telling me such an important clue, Yvonne. If Grant really is the Boss, then staying away from him isn't the solution. Instead, I need to get closer to him. Only then can I uncover his true identity and expose his schemes!"
"No! You can't!" Yvonne's voice was filled with urgency. "The Boss is an extremely dangerous figure. Even Christopher said that after following him for so many years, he only
saw a fraction of his power. There might be an even bigger force behind him who is
supporting everything!
"And besides, Justin can no longer protect you like he used to. If Grant harbors any ill intentions toward you and takes advantage of the situation, it will be even harder for you and Justin to mend things!"
Bella froze at her words, the pain in her heart swelling like waves crashing against the shore.
"Bella... I know you have a strong sense of justice. You're a hero among women, braver than most men. But you're not invincible. You can't solve everything alone. You need protection too! I'm just an ordinary person. I don't care about grand ideals... I just want the people I love, my friends, to be safe and happy. That's all, Bella... Sometimes in life, it's okay to be selfish."
"I've always protected myself in the past," Bella said, forcing out words she didn't truly believe. She tilted her head slightly to prevent the tears in her eyes from spilling over. "I've just returned to where I started, giving back to someone who never belonged to me. There's nothing to be afraid of. I'll get used to it."
She paused and continued with a slight tremor in her voice, "Besides, if Grant really is the Boss, then it's better that Justin stays away from me. I don't want him to fall into danger because of me again."
Yvonne let out a sigh of helpless sympathy.
Suddenly Bella's heart tightened as a thought struck her. "Yvonne, from now on, you should stay in Hatchbay. Don't show up in Savrow unless absolutely necessary. I'll tell Drew to make sure you are well-guarded. If Grant is indeed the Boss, he might recognize you, and he won't hesitate to harm you."
"The Boss only saw me before my surgery, and we barely met. He shouldn't know who I am," Yvonne said, trying to reassure her.
"Better safe than sorry," Bella replied firmly. "It's always better to be cautious!"
Justin quickly made his way to the parking lot. As soon as he got into his car, a wave of coldness swept over him, and a splitting headache tore through his skull.
He bent over, trembling, his forehead hitting the steering wheel repeatedly, but the pain
could not subside.
The reason he had rushed away from Bella earlier was that he had reached his limit of restraint.
He feared that if he stayed a moment longer, he would lose control in front of her— becoming a monster incapable of restraint.
Just then, his phone buzzed in his sweaty palm. Ian was calling.
Justin panted as though drowning, the world around him spinning into darkness, his vision blurring. 'Was it because of Bella? Because of that kiss?'
The overwhelming pain was close to shattering his iron will.
Unable to endure it any longer, his trembling hand reached into his jacket and pulled out a packet of blue pills.
These were the very pills Clarice had given him in his office that day. He had thrown them in the trash right in front of Ian, but he secretly kept one packet when no one was looking.
Now, crushed by relentless pain, his resolve broke. Closing his eyes tightly, he swallowed all the pills in one go.
Moments passed, and clarity returned to his mind. The headache subsided, the cold dissipated, and he felt more alert than before.
He had just sealed his first deal with the devil.
###chapter2311

Bella only spent a couple of days resting in the hospital before returning to KS Group to take charge of the situation.
Due to health concerns, Wyatt had taken a step back from the public eye. He would still occasionally provide his daughter advice on major decisions behind the scenes, otherwise letting her manage everything else independently.
For two consecutive weeks, the temperatures continued to drop, and snow fell. Yet, there was still not a single word from Justin.
That kiss they shared felt more like goodbye than the start of something new.
After wrapping up an important meeting at the company, Bella headed back to her office to review the bidding proposal for the Savrow A5 real estate project.
The Savrow A5 real estate project was a huge deal that was going to be a big focus for national growth over the next five years. It had drawn widespread attention, and the potential value it could bring in was off the charts.
If it was handled well, it could really boost any businessman's status, maybe even offering a path into politics and greater power.
The A5 real estate project was located in Savrow, so the Salvador Corporation was naturally involved. Though KS Group primarily operated in Hatchbay, it was one of the nation's top financial groups and was set on winning this big deal.
Normally, Bella could easily immerse herself in work, but lately, her mind has been
wandering, making it hard to stay focused.
Eventually, she could not hold back any longer and decided to call Arnold.
After several rings, someone finally answered with a tired, raspy voice. "Bella."
"Arnold!"
Bella had not expected Arnold to actually answer the call. Hearing his familiar voice, she was overcome with joy, her words quivering with emotion. "Are you okay?"
"I'm alright," Arnold responded coldly.
But Bella could tell he was far from alright. He was merely forcing himself to pretend to be strong.
"Arnold... We all miss you, and Asher does too..."
"Bella, is there something you need?" Arnold cut her off coldly, clearly not wanting to discuss anything related to Asher. "I'm fine. You don't need to worry about me. If there's nothing else, I have to go."
Bella's heart sank, and she hurriedly blurted out, "Actually, there is something!"
"Go on, then."
"It's about Justin's condition... I want to discuss it with you." Bella then relayed the speculation she had gathered from Alvin.
There was a long silence on the other end before Arnold slowly spoke. "If Justin is indeed using high-potency drugs, the impact on his everyday life could be catastrophic. After the extreme euphoria, he would plunge into severe suffering. He would gradually experience intense withdrawal symptoms, with his nerves and body losing control, and the situation would only worsen."
Bella urgently asked, "So how can we help him through this?"
Arnold responded in a heavy tone, "The quickest way would be for him to keep using the drugs. That would provide him instant relief."
"Arnold, you can't be serious!" Bella cried, her eyes wide with disbelief. "Justin is such an upright and principled person. How could you tell him to do drugs?!"
"If I don't suggest it, does that mean he won't seek it out himself?" Arnold's tone was rational yet cold. "If he's already suffering from addiction, the only thing that might help him get through is using the drugs again."
He continued, "The other option is to quit, but the agony of withdrawal is like having your bones ripped out or being devoured by a hundred ants. Could Justin bear such torment? Even if he could, his long absence and erratic behavior would surely raise suspicions. As soon as there's even a hint of conjecture, combined with the scheming of those with ill intentions, what do you think would await him?"
Bella sank into the leather chair, her body shaking as pain stabbed at her heart.
If the world found out the respected president of Salvador Corporation was a drug addict, the company would be in trouble. The stock prices would plummet, its reputation would be ruined, and morale would be shaky.
Justin would also be completely disgraced. He would lose everything he had worked so hard to build over the years.
Now it was up to him to decide whether to protect his empire or pull himself out of the muck.
###chapter2312

Arnold was silent for a moment before letting out a soft sigh. "But I believe he will choose the former. A man who has reached the pinnacle of his life cannot tolerate falling back into the depths, especially a man like him—so much pride and self-respect."
"Justin nearly gave half his life to build Salvador Corporation... I was his wife for three years, and no one understands better than I do what he went through to get here." Bella shook her head in frustration and continued, "Even if it means exhausting himself completely, he will never give up on Salvador Corporation."
"Drug addiction has no cure. The only solution is to endure it with sheer willpower. All I can do is help him alleviate the symptoms. Bella, I'm sorry." Arnold's restrained voice carried a hint of bitterness.
"Please don't say that, Arnold. You've already done so much for Justin. It's enough." Bella's eyes stung as she blinked back tears. "By the way, Aunt Mila and I visited Uncle Alvin the other day. He asked me to pass on a message to you. He wanted me to say sorry on his behalf."
There was a long silence on the other end of the call.
"It's all in the past. Apart from his strong opposition to my relationship with Asher, I've never really hated him, not even for a moment, from childhood until now," Arnold said as he took a deep breath, as if forcing himself to hold back some emotion, and laughed with a sense of relief.
"Though now that I think about it, I really should've listened to my father. If I hadn't gotten involved with Asher back then, I think I would've lived a much happier life than I do now."
After the call ended, Bella's heart felt as though it had been trampled by a thousand horses. She felt an indescribable weariness and sorrow.
She could tell that Arnold still had feelings for her brother.
But how could the deep wounds that lay between them ever be mended and healed?
Just then, her phone buzzed, and a WhatsApp message popped up on the screen.
[Asher: Bella, I have a lead on Arnold's whereabouts. I'm flying to Meridan tonight to find him.]
Bella's chest tightened, but she remained optimistic and cheered him on.
[Bella: Make sure you bring Arnold back! Ash, you can do it!]
[Asher: If you get tired, don't push yourself too hard. Aunt Mila and the others can help you.] Steven approached with a freshly brewed cup of coffee and placed it on the desk. "Ms. Bella, the weather isn't great today. The roads are a mess and slippery. It might be best to hold off on visiting the project site until tomorrow."
"Alright, that's fine." Bella took a sip of the coffee, pausing in thought. "For today, I'd like you to come with me to see Grandpa Nigel."
After lunch, Steven drove Bella to the villa at Crescent Bay.
"Grandpa Nigel, I'm here to see you!"
As soon as Bella stepped inside, she saw Nigel dressed neatly and sitting in a wheelchair, with his secretary, Matt, behind him.
"Bella, you're here!" Nigel greeted her with a kind smile, but there was a trace of unease in his eyes, clearly not expecting her sudden visit.
"Grandpa Nigel, are you heading out?"
"Yes, I'm going to visit an old friend."
"The weather outside is terrible, Grandpa Nigel. Let me drive you," Bella offered immediately.
Before Bella could finish speaking, Nigel swiftly declined her offer. "Don't worry about it, Bella. Matt will accompany me. It's freezing out there. You should either go home and come back in the next few days or stay here and wait for me to return for dinner."
A sense of suspicion arose in Bella's heart as she watched them leave.
Nigel had always been open with her, never hiding anything. She had met all of his remaining old friends before. There was no reason for him to be so secretive.
The moment she heard the luxury car leave the courtyard, Bella rushed out of the villa, jumped into her car, and instructed Steven urgently, "Steve, follow them!"
###chapter2313

The gloomy, gray sky and the sleet added to Bella's feelings of distress. An hour passed before Nigel's car pulled up at the West Suburb Cemetery.
The door opened, and Matt stepped out with an umbrella, helping the frail Nigel out of the car.
Slowly, he walked toward the cemetery, even opting not to use his wheelchair.
"Ms. Bella, the West Suburb Cemetery isn't a high-end resting place; it's where ordinary people are buried," Steven said as he watched Nigel's retreating figure, feeling confused." Given his status, would Old Master Nigel really have friends who are just common folks? And whoever it is must be someone extraordinary for him to brave this kind of weather just to pay his respects."
Bella's gaze darkened as she looked out the window. After hesitating for a few moments, she opened the door and quietly followed behind.
She trailed them without being noticed until Nigel and Matt finally stopped in front of a tomb.
They bowed deeply and placed a bouquet of white daisies on the ground.
From where she was standing, Bella could not make out the name or photograph on the tomb.
Generally, people would come to pay their respects in the early morning or before noon, but Grandpa Nigel had chosen the afternoon. It was a bit unusual.
"Old Master Nigel, it's freezing out here, and you have a history of respiratory problems. You shouldn't be exposed to this kind of cold... Let's head back," Matt urged, full of worry, as he draped his coat over the elderly man.
Nigel coughed and dismissed the concern with a wave of his hand.
"I'm fine," Nigel rasped, his voice hoarse, laden with the weight of guilt. "She was such a good child. It was the Salvador family who wronged her. I don't even know if I'll live to see another year, so let me stay with her a little longer."
Bella's chest tightened at his words as she hid behind a tree, her heart aching faintly.
Before she could gather her thoughts, a middle-aged woman with a weathered face and graying hair approached Nigel. Her eyes were red with grief and anger as she glared at him.
The old woman yelled, "It's you again?! How dare you... How dare you come here to see my daughter?!"
Matt quickly stepped forward to shield Nigel, but the old man gently waved him away.
Bella, watching from her hiding spot, felt her heart pounding faster.
"Mrs. Cooper, I've felt guilty all these years about your daughter's passing. Maya was diligent and hardworking when she worked for our family. We all thought very highly of her." Nigel took a step forward, coughing heavily, his expression filled with sorrow and humility.
"The Salvador family has to take responsibility for what happened back then. Even after all these years, I still haven't been able to find peace about Maya's death. I'm really, truly sorry about this, once again..."
With that, Nigel bowed down to the woman, trembling as he did so.
"An accident?!" The woman let out a bitter laugh, her eyes brimming with tears. "If it was just an accident, why would you sneak over here to pay respects?! You know perfectly well how Maya died! It was Young Master Grant who killed her!"
The accusation crashed like thunder in Bella's ears, causing her pupils to contract sharply.
This woman's daughter must have been a servant for the Salvador family, yet she had died in what was described as an accident. Now, the woman was claiming that the culprit was none other than Grant.
Matt rushed forward, his expression hardened. "Mrs. Cooper, while Old Master Nigel sympathizes with your loss, you can't just make baseless accusations. Otherwise, we'll have grounds to sue you for slander."
In the face of such sharp accusations, Nigel remained silent, his face full of anguish. "Hah... it's been twenty years!" The woman laughed through her tears. "You forced us to cremate her body. What evidence could possibly be left now?! The Salvador family has enough power to do whatever they want! To protect that deranged firstborn of yours, you resorted to bribery and threats, even taking my husband and son hostage to silence us from seeking the truth about Maya's death... For twenty years, I endured humiliation and carried hatred just to survive. Every night, I dreamed of my daughter crying, asking why I didn't fight for justice for her..."
The woman wept uncontrollably, pounding her chest in grief. "I failed my daughter. I'm not fit to be a mother! If I don't seek justice for Maya, how can I face her in the afterlife?!"
A gust of wind howled through the cemetery, causing Bella to shiver slightly, her gaze dimming.
The woman continued to laugh and cry hysterically, teetering on the edge of collapse. "Now, my husband is bedridden with only a few months left. My son died in a car accident last month... I have nothing left to lose."
She continued, "I'm alive for one reason—to seek justice for Maya! I want you and Young Master Grant to confess and pay for what he did!"
Bella's heart was filled with an unspeakable melancholy.
A parent burying their child. Fate always seemed to deal the harshest blows to those who
had already suffered enough.
But what concerned her more was how Grant, who had only been fourteen years old at the time, could have caused the death of a grown woman.
"Mrs. Cooper... I understand how you feel..." Nigel struggled to breathe, clutching his aching chest as he spoke with difficulty. "But your daughter did die from an accident. It had nothing to do with my eldest grandson..."
###chapter2314

As soon as the woman heard those words, she exploded in a fit of rage. Her bloodshot eyes were wild with frenzy as she lunged forward, poised to attack.
Bella felt her heart sank as she braced herself for the oncoming confrontation.
In that moment, Matt swiftly stepped in, firmly grasping the woman's wrists with both hands to restrain her, preventing her from making any move, let alone harming Nigel in the slightest.
"Monsters! Devils! Your entire Salvador family is a pack of heartless demons!" The
woman's eyes were wide with rage as she struggled and shouted, "I won't let this go! I swear your grandson will pay in blood, unless you kill me right now!"
The commotion quickly caught the attention of the park's security guards. Two of them sprang into action, forcibly removing the agitated woman from the premises.
"Chairman Salvador, this is a serious situation. We can't ignore it," Matt said, his usual gentle demeanor now replaced by a sharp intensity. "If she starts spreading rumors, it could stir up public criticism and severely damage the Salvador family's reputation. Should I take care of the problem?"
"Take care of what?!" Nigel clutched his chest in agony, his face pale as he struggled to speak. "Her family has already suffered enough because of me... What more do you want? Do you want me to be the one to push her over the edge?"
Before he could finish, pain etched across his features, and his frail body began to tremble as he collapsed.
"Chairman Salvador!" Matt cried out in alarm, rushing to support the old man's weakened frame.
In that critical moment, Bella dashed forward, dropping to one knee beside the elderly man to perform emergency resuscitation, initiating CPR.
"Ms. Thompson! How did you..." Matt stared in astonishment.
Bella's delicate forehead was soaked with sweat, her clear eyes steady and focused. "Uncle Matt, get in my car. I'll drive Grandpa Nigel to the hospital!"
Thanks to Bella's exceptional driving skills, they arrived at the hospital in a flash.
Thankfully, Nigel was rescued just in time, escaping the critical stage. He was moved to a general ward.
Matt intended to immediately notify Gregory and the others, but Bella held him back, her face suggesting she was unsure.
"Don't inform anyone just yet. I have a few words I'd like to share with Grandpa Nigel first."
Matt looked conflicted. "But, given Old Master Nigel's condition..."
Bella hesitated for a moment, biting her lip. "Then notify Justin instead."
It was not that she was eager to see Justin. Rather, under the current circumstances, Gregory's appearance would undoubtedly complicate matters, and Grant was even less trustworthy.
Matt nodded seriously and left the room to make the call.
Steadying herself, Bella approached the bedside with gentle steps, sat down, and clasped the old man's withered hand.
"Grandpa Nigel, how are you feeling? Are you still in pain?"
"Much better... Bella, thank you..." Nigel's eyelids were half-closed, his breath faint and weak. "If it weren't for you saving me in time, I'm afraid I wouldn't have made it this time."
"Don't say that, Grandpa Nigel. You'll live a long and healthy life," Bella's voice trembled softly with a touch of bitterness. "I just hope you're not angry at me for following you in secret today."
###chapter2315

Nigel's eyes widened, his fingers tensing. "Bella... You..."
"I saw and heard everything that happened at the cemetery today." Bella took a deep breath, her voice steady as she asked, "Grandpa Nigel, was what Mrs. Cooper said the truth? Did Grant really kill her daughter?"
Nigel's pupils constricted, and he closed his eyes, clearly avoiding the question.
Bella's gaze deepened as she pressed forward. "Grandpa Nigel, your reaction has already given me the answer."
The elderly man remained silent.
"Grandpa Nigel, I understand your concerns. Grant is, after all, the eldest grandson of the Salvador family and grew up by your side. Even though you favor Justin, you still don't want that incident from all those years ago to ruin him, especially since he was just a minor at the time. No matter what he did, as long as he bears the Salvador name, you'll do everything in your power to protect him."
Her words were sharp and hit the mark. "But you also know that what he did was far too heinous. You're angry, you're fearful, and you don't dare to expose the truth. You've suppressed these feelings for years, trapped in a tangled web of emotions. Yet I believe you still have compassion. Otherwise, you wouldn't have risked the wind and snow, dragging your ailing body to pay respects to that deceased girl."
Suddenly, a realization dawned on her. 'No wonder Nigel was always so cautious and tense when dealing with Grant. With such a cruel secret hidden in his heart, how could his attitude toward this eldest grandson be anything but wariness?'
Nigel clenched his teeth and was at a loss for words.
Bella had no choice but to press him further. "Grandpa Nigel, if you won't tell me the truth, then I'll have to go to the victim's family and find out for myself."
"No! Bella... Please, don't cause any more distress to that poor mother!" Nigel's trembling hand gripped her arm, his eyes moist. "The girl's name was Maya Cooper. When I lived at Tideview Manor, she worked there as a servant, taking care of my daily life. Her death involved Grant, but it was an accident, just an unfortunate mishap... The child was terrified and came to me crying, begging on his knees for me to save her."
Bella's brows knitted together.
Even if the person before her was the grandfather she respected most, she could not fully trust his words.
"Grant was only fourteen at the time... He had already been deeply affected by his mother's death, which left him withdrawn and listless. If he were to face jail time at such a young age, it would ruin his life! He grew up under my care, the eldest grandson of our Salvador family.
How could I bear to send him to prison?"
"So back then, you chose to help him dispose of Maya's body and disguised her death as an accident?"
Bella felt a chill sweep across her chest, grief and anger surging within her. "Grandpa Nigel, you only thought about your grandson's future, but who was going to take responsibility for Maya's short life? You quietly covered up the incident. Did you ever think about how her family would heal from such a wound? Grant is the eldest son of the Salvador family, your treasured kin... But wasn't Maya also a precious daughter to her parents? Does her life have a different value in your eyes?"
Nigel's voice was filled with pain. "Bella..."
"Grandpa Nigel, do you realize what you've done? You committed a crime. You were an accomplice, an enabler!" Bella's eyes were brimming with tears, blazing with intensity. "If you can't seek justice for that poor mother, then I will. I'll get justice for Maya."
"No... You can't...!" Nigel strained to sit up in bed, his voice desperate. "Bella, I'll do everything I can to compensate Maya's family. But please, you must listen to me and stay away from Grant... Do not get involved in this matter! I'm begging you!"
Bella sensed there was more to the story and urgently asked, "Why?"
Nigel hesitated, his parched lips parting slightly when suddenly, the door to the hospital room was flung open.
Justin's tall and imposing figure strode in, bringing with him the chill of deep winter.
###chapter2316

"Grandpa." Justin's breathing was heavy, his dark eyes filled with hidden worry. However, due to the toxins affecting the amygdala in his brain, his intense emotions felt trapped, beating wildly within him but unable to be released. However, his handsome face appeared indifferent, as if he had no emotions at all.
Nigel exchanged a look of understanding with Bella. The elderly man quickly wiped away his tears, replacing them with a kind smile.
"Justin, you're here.... Fortunately, with Bella helping to take care of me, I'm fine. You can rest easy."
Bella remembered Nigel's recent words, her long lashes fluttering as she drifted into a daze. She remained that way until a chilling, masculine presence brushed past her side. Startled, she looked up, meeting his intense gaze.
Justin's thin lips were pressed together, and he lowered his eyes to look at her.
Bella's heart seemed to skip a beat. Her pale face tinged with pink as she quickly and awkwardly averted her gaze.
She thought to herself, 'Ugh, I'm so pathetic!'
Bella still loved him endlessly, whether his gaze shone like the stars or darkened like an abyss. She would inevitably fall into it, time and again.
"Why are you just standing there? Aren't you going to properly thank Bella?" Nigel's voice held a reprimanding tone. "If it weren't for Bella, you would have lost your grandfather!"
Justin opened his mouth to speak, but Bella briskly rose to her feet without glancing at Justin. She only gave Nigel a gentle smile.
"Grandpa Nigel, I'm relieved now that you're well. I have work to attend to, so I'll head back now and visit you another day."
"Bella, wait!" Nigel tried to call her back, but she had already hurried out of the room.
Justin stared at the empty doorway, his gaze deepening.
"Boy, what are you standing there for? Go after her!" Nigel grumbled, mustering his strength to kick his grandson lightly on the leg.
Bella, her face flushed, ran to the parking lot.
"Ugh-!"
Lost in thought, she failed to notice Justin standing nearby and ran right into his chest, hard enough to make her nose sting and turn red.
He looked down at her, his lips barely moving as he said in a low voice, "Ms. Thompson, why are you rushing like that? Shouldn't you watch where you're going?"
Bella rubbed her nose, her eyes glistening with pain as she scowled. "It's your fault for suddenly appearing here like a roadblock!"
She huffed and started to walk left, but Justin, eyes dark as night, took a step to her left, blocking her path.
She tried to go right, yet he moved in that direction too, as if determined to block her way.
Frustrated, Bella bit her lip and turned around to leave. But Justin suddenly grabbed her slender arm, pulling her gently into his embrace.
"What... What are you doing? Didn't we break up already?!" Bella was flustered, her eyes tinged with red.
Justin's expression remained calm, his voice emotionless. "Yes, we did. I ended it."
Bella felt a sharp pain in her chest as she struggled against his grip. "Then why are you acting like this?!"
He spoke softly. "Thank you for saving my grandfather."
"Grandpa Nigel sent you here to say that, didn't he?" Bella's eyes reddened as she scoffed." I don't care for forced gratitude!"
A hint of impatience flickered in Justin's frown. "Then what do you want?"
Bella looked into his silent gaze, a sour ache spreading through her heart.
In the past, his eyes had been full of affection and indulgence for her. He would let her cry, let her complain, and let her nag at him day and night about trivial matters. He would always listen with a gentle smile, never showing even the slightest sign of impatience.
She had to admit now that she was no longer important to him.
"I want you to promise me something." Perhaps driven by lingering reluctance, Bella found herself saying it out loud.
Justin looked at her, his tone cool. "Go on."
"I haven't decided yet. When I do, I'll let you know." She lifted her chin slightly. "But when I ask, you must agree. That will be your way of repaying me, okay?"
His eyes held a hint of suspicion. "Is it to get back together with me?"
Bella's heart skipped, and she quickly replied, "You wish! We've divorced once, and we've already broken up. Why would I want to be with you again? Are there no good men out there besides you? Do I look that desperate?"
"Good men? Grant?"
The words suddenly surfaced in his mind, and his grip on her delicate wrist tightened
instinctively.
"Ow..." Bella gasped softly, her delicate frame almost wilting.
"Fine, I promise." Justin's intense gaze fixed on her. His words were firm. "No matter what it is, I will agree."
A wave of bittersweet emotion surged within her, and she gave a faint, mocking smile. "And if I ask you to kill someone or burn down something?"
"I will still agree," Justin said without hesitation. "But the Bella I know would never be so ruthless."
Bella's almond-shaped eyes curved as she laughed out loud. She raised her left hand. "Let's seal it with a high-five. Deal!"
"A promise is a promise." Justin's Adam's apple bobbed as he lifted his hand to meet hers, their palms coming together in a silent vow.
###chapter2317

On the way back from the hospital, Bella thought about Justin's words and the promise they had sealed with a high-five, feeling a torrent of emotions she could not describe.
Staring at the snowy view outside the window, her eyes glistened with tears as she murmured softly to herself, "Bella, he came to you willingly. He agreed to your request. That's already enough, isn't it? You don't have the right to act spoiled around him anymore. Be content."
Steven, who was driving, kept glancing in the rearview mirror at Bella, watching her lost and desolate expression and feeling a deep ache for her. Just the separation alone had turned her world upside down.
He thought, 'If Justin ever left this world for good, her life would crumble entirely.'
Perhaps letting Justin live well was the best outcome fate could grant after all they had endured, even if it was bittersweet.
"Ms. Bella, it's getting late. Maybe we should skip going to the office. You should rest at home. You'll be busy enough fighting for the Savrow A5 project in the days ahead," Steven suggested, his voice calm with concern as he noticed her pale complexion.
Frowning, Bella muttered to herself, "Steven, help me look into someone."
"Of course. Who?"
"Twenty years ago, a girl named Maya Cooper worked as a maid at the Tideview Manor, looking after Grandpa Nigel. Her mother still lives in Savrow."
Bella swiftly gathered herself, her sorrow replaced by a cold, rational demeanor. "This girl died by Grant's hand 20 years ago, but the circumstances and cause of her death remain unclear. I believe we need to uncover everything about this."
Steven, startled by the shocking news, exclaimed, "Grant was involved in a murder case at such a young age? Was he some kind of vengeful spirit reborn?"
"Someone so polished and committed to charity would have such a brutal side. If I hadn't witnessed it myself at the cemetery, I wouldn't believe it if my life depended on it." Bella let out a cold laugh. "To think he maintains this facade, masquerading as a benefactor, living under the same roof as Justin. Isn't it terrifying?"
Thinking of Grant's refined and harmless face, Steven shivered. "Terrifying indeed!"
"That's why we must get to the bottom of this. Even if he was a minor at the time, it doesn't excuse him from the law."
Bella closed her eyes, her voice determined. "If he ever reveals his true nature and becomes a threat to Justin, we'll have leverage against him. At a critical moment, it could save Justin from disaster."
Steven's admiration for her was evident. Bella strategized with caution and depth, no longer acting impulsively.
Suddenly struck by a thought, he added, "Ms. Bella, if Grant dared to commit murder at 14, it means he's inherently cold-blooded and ruthless."
Bella's voice was cool, and her expression was calm. "Doesn't his behavior remind you of his uncle, Lucas Fowler? If we consider what Wilma said about his history of animal cruelty, his willingness to kill becomes much less surprising,"
Steven's eyes widened in shock. "But... There's a difference between killing animals and killing people, right?"
"Essentially, both display a callous disregard and disdain for life."
Bella shook her head, feeling a tightness in her chest. "Anyone who tortures animals so easily shows no real hesitation. Eventually, when they lose their thrill, they naturally turn to human targets. Many serial killers around the world started the same way."
"Ms. Bella, do you really think someone with such a warped psyche could be Justin's savior?"
Steven finally voiced the question that had been bothering him. "A man like that-ruthless and brutal-actually risked his life to save his half-brother. Doesn't that seem out of character?"
Bella's back stiffened, her gaze turning dark.
Unaware of her thoughts, Steven continued, "If it were me, I'd have hired those kidnappers to eliminate this nuisance of a brother. It'll be easily done! Back then, Justin was just a rejected illegitimate child. His death wouldn't have stirred much of a fuss. Soon enough, he would have been forgotten by the world."
The more Bella thought about it, the more anxious she became. She gripped the car door handle tightly.
###chapter2318

'Could it be? Could Grant have harbored such cunning at such a young age?' Bella didn't want to turn this into a conspiracy theory, yet a doubt had lingered in her mind for two years.
How had a fifteen-year-old boy managed to rescue Justin from a kidnapper's lair? Even for an adult, such a feat would have been nearly impossible, let alone for a child.
Moreover, the kidnapper, Jeremy Mateo, was known in the underworld as a ruthless
criminal with a reputation stained by blood. The idea that Grant could have rescued
someone from under Jeremy's nose was preposterous. If Bella had been in Grant's place, she doubted she would have made it out of that lair alive.
Returning from her thoughts, Bella quickly pulled out her phone and dialed her older brother.
As soon as the call connected, she burst out, "Ax, can you get me a case file? I want to take a look."
This was typical of Bella. She would be silent for ages, then she would utter a sudden, outrageous request.
Axel complained, "Bella, you know case files aren't casually shared. It's against the regulations!"
"Then just tell me about it. That won't break any rules."
He sighed. "What case are you after?"
"The case from twenty years ago, the one where Jeremy Mateo kidnapped the Salvador brothers."
Axel hesitated. "Why are you suddenly interested in that?"
"Don't worry about it. Just find out and let me know!" Bella paused before asking, "Do you remember how many years Jeremy was sentenced to?"
"I believe it was a suspended death sentence. Later, he got a life sentence for helping solve a theft case while in prison. His accomplice was sentenced to 25 years. With some reductions, he might be getting released soon."
Bella narrowed her eyes, considering this new information.
Late at night, Nigel lay in his hospital bed receiving an IV drip, while Justin sat beside him, tending to his needs.
"Justin, you must secure the Savrow A5 project. If you succeed, even after I'm gone, no one will be able to challenge your place in the Salvador family."
Nigel's gaze, heavy with expectation, settled on Justin's stoic face.
Justin's voice was soft, his warm hand firmly holding the elder's thin one. "Grandpa, don't say things like that. You'll live to a ripe old age."
Nigel sighed. "This old body's lived long enough. I only have two wishes: for you to fully take over the Salvador family, and for you to reconcile with Bella."
A faint ache touched Justin's throat as his fingers curled slightly.
"Justin, do you remember how you cried to me about wanting Bella back?"
A shadow flickered through his eyes, his expression unreadable.
"I don't believe that you feel nothing for her. You loved her so deeply. Can a few little pills erase all of that? That's nonsense!"
Nigel's chest tightened with pain, his expression twisting.
Justin hurried to soothe him. "Grandpa, please take care of yourself. The doctors said that emotional stress and anger will only do you harm."
But Nigel persisted. "Then promise me... Bring Bella back."
Justin looked conflicted. "Grandpa, she and I... We're already..."
At that moment, there was a knock on the door, and a gentle voice came from outside. Grandpa, it's me, Grant. May I come in?"
###chapter2319

Both Nigel and Justin fell silent, an unspoken understanding passing between them. Neither had any desire to open the door for Grant.
Yet, this uninvited guest took matters into his own hands. Matt, who was stationed outside, reluctantly let him in.
"Grandpa, I heard about your sudden health scare. How are you feeling now?" Grant asked.
As if only now noticing Justin's presence, his eyes glinted briefly as he offered a gentle smile. "Ah, Justin is here too."
Justin's expression remained cool as he gave a slight nod. "Grant."
"If I had known you were here, I'd have waited until tomorrow to visit. I wouldn't want to disrupt Grandpa's rest." Grant maneuvered his wheelchair to the bedside.
"Nonsense." Nigel forced a faint smile, speaking quickly. "It's late, and you're not well yourself. You shouldn't have gone out of your way to visit me."
Leaning forward slightly, a flicker of something unspoken flashed across Grant's dark eyes. "Since I was a child, Grandpa, you've always been the one who spoiled me most. If I can't fulfill my duty to you when you're unwell, what kind of man would that make me?"
A subtle tremor rippled through Nigel, hidden beneath the blankets.
Justin caught the shift in Nigel's demeanor. Though it aroused his suspicions, he kept his composure.
Keeping one's thoughts buried and remaining outwardly calm was a fundamental trait for those in power.
Thus, Justin often carried an undercurrent of repression, loneliness, and even melancholy. Lately, in the solitude of night, these feelings seemed to resurface with renewed vigor. He felt an unshakable emptiness, an insistent chill seeping into his soul.
Grant's voice softened. “Grandpa, I have something I'd like to discuss with you in private. Is that alright?"
Nigel's gaze shifted hesitantly toward Justin. "Is it that important? Justin isn't an outsider. You may speak freely."
"Grandpa, you can talk with my brother. I'll take my leave," Justin replied. He had no intention of remaining where he was not welcome, so he turned and left the room with Matt.
As he shut the door, Grant's voice drifted to his ears, spoken in a tone with rare tenderness.
Grant said, "Grandpa, I've met someone I care for."
Justin's tall figure stiffened, his lips tightening reflexively.
Nigel sounded surprised. "Oh? Grant, have you met someone special? Is it a girl from Meridan, or did you meet her here in Savrow?"
"This girl is someone you know. Justin knows her as well," Grant answered, his calm and charming smile brightening his refined features. "It's Bella. I admire Ms. Thompson deeply,"
"What...? You... You like Bella?" Nigel's pupils contracted in shock, his face paling further.
Outside the door, Justin heard each word clearly. Each sentence hit him like an invisible needle, fine yet sharp, driving slowly and silently into his chest, leaving no visible wound but drawing out crimson drops of pain.
"Yes," Grant confirmed with a smile, admitting it again without hesitation.
Though Nigel forced himself to stay calm, his voice trembled. "When... When did this start?"
"I don't know when exactly... Feelings are hard to pinpoint." Grant's gaze dropped as he picked up an apple and knife from the bedside table, carefully peeling it. "At first, Ms. Thompson was someone Justin cherished deeply. They were deeply in love, and I sincerely wished them happiness. I never had any intention of taking what belonged to him.
"After all, Justin is my only brother-the brother I risked my life to save. He grew up facing hardship, coming to the Salvador family with Aunt Mary as a child, and enduring scorn. His life has always been lacking love, so when he found someone he cherished, I was genuinely happy for him."
Outside, Justin felt a chilling sensation in his bones, his fists clenching tightly in silence.
Grant's words, ostensibly full of concern and regard for him, were like invisible hands, peeling back old scars he had thought healed.
Since coming of age, Justin has rarely heard mention of his origins. Any reminder was an implicit challenge to his legitimacy as heir to the Salvador family.
###chapter2320

Grant, either unintentionally or deliberately, kept pressing on Justin's sensitive points. But since this was his beloved older brother, Justin could only endure in silence.
"But now, Justin and Ms. Thompson are no longer together. Since he doesn't want her, then I will take care of her. Grandpa, you'll support me, right?" Grant's lips curled in a half-smile as a strip of apple peel dropped in one unbroken spiral. "I know you've always liked Ms. Thompson and wished for her to become your granddaughter-in-law. Since she and Justin aren't meant to be, I'll marry her and still fulfill your wish. Isn't that great?"
Grant's actions were simple and deliberate, exuding a subtle yet undeniable pressure.
Justin's breathing grew ragged, his brow knitting tighter.
Nigel struggled to catch his breath, his body tense as he attempted to sit up in bed but found himself too weak. "Grant... It's not that you aren't good enough. It's just... I know Bella well. Her heart has always been with Justin, and it always will be. She won't allow anyone else in. If you insist, it will only end badly for you... After all, Bella is stubborn and unyielding."
"There's no such thing as an impossible task for someone determined enough. With time, her heart will come around." Grant's smile was gentle, but his ruthless determination was unmistakable, piercing to the very core. "I have patience. All I ask is your support, Grandpa. You won't stand in my way of pursuing Ms. Thompson, will you?"
Nigel's breathing became erratic. His cheek muscles twitched slightly as he struggled to respond.
Justin stumbled through the corridor, his vision clouded, gripping the walls for support until he reached the underground parking lot.
"Mr. Salvador! Are you all right?" Ian hurried over, catching him as he swayed.
"The medicine..."
Ian froze. "What?"
Justin's body trembled uncontrollably as he fumbled inside his suit for a packet of blue pills. Ian recognized them immediately. They were the pills Clarice had given Justin.
Ian tried to grab them, but Justin had already poured them all into his mouth and swallowed them.
"Mr. Salvador! How can you trust the medicine from that woman?! She's loyal to Young Master Grant. What if it's poison?"
"Ian... I can't bear it anymore..." Justin's weight sagged against Ian, his once-handsome face drenched in cold sweat, his lips pallid as though frozen. "I don't know if it's a side effect from the drug Christopher gave me... Only Dr. Amaryllis's medicine can ease it..."
Ian felt a chill down his spine, a foreboding sensation gnawing at him.
He supported Justin into the car and sped away, leaving only taillights fading in the distance.
After the car had gone, Clarice emerged from behind a pillar, a cold smile on her lips as she raised her phone to her ear. "Sir, Justin's addiction has set in. He can't live without Crystal Ice now."
"He managed to resist for so long... My brother's willpower is indeed stronger than I expected." The man's voice, resonating through the dark night, sounded like it came from the depths of hell. "But I've always enjoyed a challenge, whether it's him or Ms. Thompson."
Clarice's voice was icy. "Are you planning to act now?"
"The A5 project provides an opportunity. Be patient and wait for the right moment."
Three days later, after presiding over the foundation's regular meeting, Bella stepped out of the conference room, only to be met by Steven.
"Ms. Thompson, I've found the current address of Maya's mother."
Bella's gaze darkened, a slight smile tugging at her lips. "Prepare the car. We're going immediately!"
###chapter2321

After lunch, Bella and Steven immediately set out for Maya's home.
This was Savrow's infamous slum-a place of poverty, decay, and filth. Under the blanket of snow, it appeared even more bleak and desolate.
Maya's house was a rundown building with dirty bricks and a broken roof. It looked like a strong gust of wind could make the entire building collapse.
"This is heartbreaking! Simply unfair!" Steven shook his head angrily and said, "The victim's family is living so miserably, barely getting by, while Grant flaunts his wealth and status like a king. Where's the justice in that?"
"How can regular folks stand up to big-shot tycoons? This is just the tip of the iceberg. Who knows how many other horrible things are going on behind the scenes?" Bella's beautiful eyes dimmed as she sighed softly.
As they chatted, they arrived at the door.
"Who are you looking for?" An old woman approached them, leaning on a cane. Seeing their well-dressed appearance, she could not help her curiosity.
"Ma'am, we're here to see Maya's mother, Mrs. Cooper. Do you know her?" Bella's gentle smile made her seem more approachable.
The old woman grew cautious right away and asked, "Why are you looking for her?"
Steven stepped forward with a warm smile. "Ma'am, we'd like to speak with Mrs. Cooper about her daughter, to ask her some questions and understand what happened. Please don't worry. We're here to help."
"Well, I advise you to just give up." The old woman shook her head helplessly. "Mentioning that girl might get you chased off. Besides, her mother has already gone mad. Even if you asked, she may not be able to answer you properly."
Bella and Steven were shocked and exclaimed, "Mad?"
At the cemetery the other day, Mrs. Cooper's accusations against Grant had been emotional but lucid!
"Mrs. Cooper has periods of lucidity." The old woman explained, "When she's thinking straight, she says nothing. But during her episodes, she becomes unhinged. She would grab a kitchen knife and curse at the walls."
Bella pressed, "What does she say then?"
"Something about the Salvador family... It's hard to understand her clearly."
Bella and Steven exchanged glances. Bella's voice carried a tinge of frustration. "Has no one checked on them over the years? Has no one tried to help improve their situation, even a
little?"
"I remember someone tried once, but Mrs. Cooper chased them off. After a while, people just stopped coming. It's sad. The girl had to work as a servant for a wealthy family, only to pass away suddenly. They never even got to say goodbye... It's just heartbreaking."
The old woman shook her head and hobbled away.
"Ms. Bella, look!"
Bella followed Steven's gaze and paused.
It was Matt approaching, with a bodyguard close behind him.
Seeing Bella, Matt froze in surprise. "M-Ms. Thompson?!"
Inside the car, an uncomfortable silence filled the air.
"Uncle Matt, are you here to help Mrs. Cooper, or are you here to make sure she stays quiet?" Bella's gaze was cold, making it difficult to meet her eyes.
She knew Matt's unwavering loyalty to Nigel. It ran so deep that he might take extreme measures in its defense.
"Ms. Thompson, there are things you shouldn't interfere with." Matt's jaw tightened, his voice low. "Some matters, once touched, will unravel everything."
"I get that this is a Salvador family matter, and I don't want to meddle too much." Bella narrowed her eyes, her gaze unwavering. She continued, "But the thing is, Grant's got some serious issues. His mental state is all over the place. He's very good at hiding his true self. Now that he has returned to the Salvador family, he is trying to play the hero to Justin, but if you ask me, he could end up threatening Justin's position as the heir if nobody stops him."
Matt quickly spoke up in Grant's defense. "He was just a kid back then. He made a mistake! I've watched him grow up to become a fine man over the years."
"Is he?" Bella's lips curved into a chilling smile. "Do you really think his murder was just a moment of poor judgment?"
A teenager capable of killing is now a wealthy and powerful adult in this city. Is there anything he wouldn't dare to do?
"My terms are simple. If he is well-behaved, I'll spare him out of respect for Grandpa Nigel. But if he dares lay a hand on Justin... Well, don't blame me, but I won't hold back. I won't
show mercy to anyone."
Matt's eyes widened in shock, a cold shiver spreading through his body.
###chapter2322

Matt had frequently heard Nigel describe Bella as a remarkable woman, though he had his doubts. Now, he could witness it for himself.
Bella sure was Wyatt Thompson's daughter, with an inherent air of authority and an intense presence that could make most men defer to her.
"Ms. Thompson, what exactly do you want to know?" Matt's voice trembled as he spoke.
Bella's tone was serious as she asked, "Uncle Matt, other than Grandpa Nigel, you're probably the only one who knows the truth about Grant's crime back then. I need you to tell me how that girl died, and how you and Grandpa Nigel got rid of her body afterward."
Matt was at a loss for words.
"If you refuse to tell me, with the resources of my family, it's only a matter of time before I uncover the truth myself," Bella smirked, her tone carrying an implicit threat. "Once I do, who knows where things will go from there?"
"Ms. Thompson, you must understand the gravity of this situation!" Matt exclaimed, his voice trembling and his face pale. "It involves the Salvador family patriarch, and the entire family's reputation is at stake. If this gets out, the entire Salvador Corporation could face a massive crisis! Old Master Nigel's health is declining day by day. If something were to happen to the Salvador family, how could he possibly bear it?"
Bella's gaze burned with intensity. "Grandpa Nigel has my complete trust and affection. He means as much to me as my own father. I give you my word that I'll be discreet. I won't let anything happen to him."
After a long hesitation, Matt shut his eyes tightly and finally spoke.
"It was done with a knife."
Bella pressed on. "How many times? Once? Twice?"
"Over a dozen... Her neck, her chest, her abdomen... I can't remember exactly how many times. I just recall that her body was covered in knife wounds, and her blood soaked the entire carpet."
Bella felt anger surging to her chest as she took a deep breath.
Just looking at Grant, with his refined demeanor and polite mannerisms, who would ever associate him with such a brutal, deranged killer?
Matt just revealed the shocking truth.
"Young Master Grant is his eldest grandson. Old Master Nigel had no choice but to do everything he could to cover it up," Matt said, slumping back in his seat. "I cleaned the scene, burned the bloodstained carpet, staged her death as a suicide by jumping, and used all our connections to secure a death certificate. We had her cremated as quickly as possible."
Bella knew the rest of the story.
Bella's eyes turned red, her heart brimming with fury. Grant's actions were unforgivable, but what about Grandpa Nigel? He covered up his grandson's crime and erased the life of an innocent girl. How was Bella supposed to face that kind, caring old man in the future?
"Ms. Thompson, please don't worry," Matt said earnestly. "Old Master Nigel will do everything to secure Young Master Justin's position in the family. Even if Young Master Grant recovers completely, the Salvador Corporation's heir will never be him. All of Old Master Nigel's shares and inheritance are intended solely for Young Master Justin!
"Old Master Nigel had long seen through Grant's true nature, fearing him and secretly keeping his distance from him. By supporting Young Master Justin, he not only shows his genuine affection but also protects Justin, safeguarding him from any potential retaliation from Grant."
Bella's heart grew heavy, and she took a deep breath. "Uncle Matt, while I can't forgive or condone what you and Grandpa Nigel did, I appreciate you telling me the truth."
With that, she opened the car door and stepped out, burdened by her thoughts.
"Ms. Bella!" Steven rushed over. "Young Master Ralph is just ahead. He seems to be on duty!"
Bella's eyes widened slightly, and she walked forward cautiously, not wanting to disturb Ralph.
Just then, Ralph, along with a few plainclothes officers, was loading three suspects into a police car. Seeing his younger sister here surprised him.
"Bella, what are you doing here?!"
Bella walked over and asked, "Just handling some personal matters. Ralph, who are these...?"
Ralph kicked the tire hard, his voice full of resentment. "Drug traffickers."
Hearing that, Steven immediately stepped forward to shield Bella.
"You idiot, why so tense? With me here, who would dare touch my sister? I'd beat them to a pulp!" Ralph flashed a smug grin, looking every bit the defiant rogue.
At the mention of drugs, Bella could not help but think of Justin, her heart tightening.
Ralph let out a weary sigh and frowned. "Recently, there's been a new drug spreading underground here in Savrow. It's disturbingly reminiscent of that one from before."
"What kind of drug?" Bella asked.
"They call it Crystal Ice."
As he spoke, Ralph held up a small packet of blue pills, displaying them for her to see.
###chapter2323

Bella furrowed her delicate brows as she took the packet of pills and examined it closely.
Ralph explained, "This stuff is extremely potent. It can become highly addictive with a single use and has minimal side effects. It can keep a person hyperactive for days without a hint of fatigue."
He glared angrily at the suspects in the police car, seething with rage. "Damn it! We barely eradicated the last drug, and now this Crystal Ice shows up! It's like a never-ending battle!" "Ralph, is this Crystal Ice only circulating in Savrow? Has it spread to other cities?"
"So far, no reports from elsewhere. Even here, it only appeared in the past month. We're doing our best to track its source, but all we've managed to catch so far are small-time dealers. There aren't any major breakthroughs yet."
Bella fell silent, contemplating. She then lowered her voice. "Ralph, could you give me one of the pills? I have a use for it."
Ralph looked startled, but she quickly added, "Don't worry I won't harm anyone, nor myself. I just want to analyze the drug's composition."
"The lab already tested it. It's definitely a drug."
"I have a different purpose. Please, Ralph, just this once?"
Ralph pressed his lips together, then, taking advantage of a moment when his colleagues weren't looking, slipped a single blue pill into Steven's hand.
After Ralph left, Matt, having been thrown off by his encounter with Bella, quietly departed as well.
Through a grimy window, they could see Mrs. Cooper kneeling on the bed, holding a kitchen knife, and yelling incoherently at the wall. Her disheveled appearance and mad ravings were a painful sight, both tragic and absurd.
"Ms. Bella, should we still go in?" Steven asked worriedly.
Bella shook her head. Her gaze darkened. "Let's not disturb her for now."
"But didn't you need her testimony?"
"Her mental state is unstable. Anything she says would be inadmissible in court. We'll need to find another way and take a longer-term approach." Bella turned away. "Steve, make sure someone's watching over Mrs. Cooper. Find a discreet way to provide her with some financial support as well."
"Yes, Ms. Bella," Steven replied. With concern, he asked, "Do you think she'll press charges against Grant? Or reveal the Salvador family's secrets?"
"No matter what she decides, we have to protect her." Bella's nose stung, her voice softening. "This isn't about conspiracies or profit. It's just a small act of kindness on my part."
Just then, her phone alarm went off. Bella pulled it out, and her long lashes dipped as a sharp pang of sorrow spread through her chest.
The reminder on the screen read that Justin's birthday was a week away.
Of course, she would never forget such an important day in the life of someone she loved.
Careful by nature, she would always set the reminder early, afraid of missing the chance to prepare his gift.
But now, the reminder did not mean anything. Even if she wanted to celebrate his birthday, he might not welcome it.
Before she knew it, the day before Justin's birthday had arrived. This year, he would turn 33.
Originally, Nigel had wanted to throw a grand party for his grandson.
After all, the Salvador Corporation was in a tricky situation. Grant's sudden return had caused some unrest.
Though Grant had not meddled in company matters yet, his health was getting better, and he was good at winning over Gregory. At this rate, he might even worm his way into the corporation.
Naturally, Nigel wanted to use the time he had left to help Justin secure his position as heir. He had planned a fancy celebration to showcase Justin to the public and build up his reputation
But Justin was not the type to be "propped up" like that.
No matter how much Nigel urged him, he showed no interest in a birthday party. It took a while before he finally agreed to host a banquet under the Salvador family's name the evening before his birthday at the Salvador Hotel.
That night, the grand ballroom was abuzz with excitement, filled with elite guests from every corner.
Many wealthy heiresses had heard Justin would be there, and despite knowing he was taken, they arrived dolled up, desperate to catch a glimpse of him.
Sure, they could not have him, but who would pass up the chance to ogle him?
Little did they know, the golden couple everyone admired, Justin and Bella, had already gone their separate ways.
"Justin, there are many accomplished young women here tonight, and every one of them came to see you. They're all quite smitten with you."
From the second-floor balcony, Gregory and his son looked down at the glittering ballroom. Gregory patted Justin's shoulder with a smile.
"If any of them catch your eye, tell me. No matter whose daughter she is, I can arrange a match for you."
###chapter2324

Justin's deep, starry eyes held a quiet detachment as he replied coolly, "Thank you for your kind intentions, but there's no need for that."
Gregory frowned as he tightened his grip on his son's shoulder. "Justin, if you want to be the Salvador family's heir, then marriage is an obligation you can't avoid! The doctors tell me you're experiencing a lack of emotional capabilities now. Given that, any woman should be more or less the same in your eyes. That includes Bella."
"I'm fine as I am. I don't need a woman."
Justin furrowed his brows, creating a deep line between them. "Furthermore, even if Ms. Thompson and I have broken up, you shouldn't lump her in with everyone else. She was, after all, someone very important to me."
Someone very important. Those words made his frozen heart stir slightly, like something struggling to thaw.
"Justin, could it be that you still haven't let go of that Thompson girl?" Gregory's voice grew sharp with displeasure.
Justin's lips curled into a cool smile. "Dad, this is a private matter, and I have the right to remain silent."
"Justin, as someone who's been there, let me give you some advice. Choose a wife who is virtuous and one who truly loves you."
From their vantage point, Gregory glanced at the beautiful, refined young women below, each dressed to impress, perfumes mingling in the air.
"Though Bella comes from a privileged family, she's been spoiled rotten by Wyatt Thompson. She has no sense of boundaries, always meddling in things that get her into trouble, with no way to protect herself! She's a ticking time bomb around you-not only could she drag you down, but it's just a matter of time before she causes trouble for the entire Salvador family! How many lives do you have to waste on her?
"Look at those girls down there. Their appearance and backgrounds-they're hardly inferior to Bella. Most importantly, they admire you, cherish you, and see you as a treasure. They wouldn't let you endure hardship and would give our family heirs."
Justin's lips lifted in a faintly mocking smile. "So that's the reason you married my mother?"
Gregory fell silent.
"Dad, my brain might have been injured, but I haven't lost my memory. I haven't forgotten what kind of woman Bella truly is."
He turned away indifferently, his tall and broad frame standing straight. "I've already been married once, and I've already had a girlfriend. I have no interest in marriage alliances or
relationships. I'm afraid I can't fulfill your request."
Gregory gritted his teeth, releasing a frustrated breath.
Justin had barely taken a few steps when Gregory suddenly called out, "Justin!"
Without turning back, he replied, "If this is still about an arranged marriage, you'd best save your words."
Gregory shook his head in resignation. "No, I wanted to ask you to go to the parking lot to greet your older brother."
Justin halted his steps.
"Your brother isn't in the best health. This is his first public appearance since returning to the country. I'm concerned he might not feel comfortable. Having you by his side would give him support."
Bella, accompanied by Steven, arrived punctually at the Salvador Hotel.
Given the awkward status of her relationship with Justin, she was aware that attending a Salvador family event would be a mistake, potentially adding to their mutual troubles.
Still, Nigel had insisted on the invitation, and she could not bring herself to turn down an elder's kindness. That was why she decided to go.
The Rolls Royce pulled up in the underground parking lot.
From the front seat, Steven turned back to her. "Ms. Bella, shall I escort you in?"
"No need. I'm just here to greet Grandpa Nigel. I won't be staying long. You can wait here."
With that, Bella opened the car door and headed straight toward the hotel entrance.
She barely made it to the corridor before a swarm of reporters rushed at her, surrounding her in a frenzy.
"Ms. Thompson! Is it true that you and Mr. Justin Salvador have broken up?!"
Her heart gave a painful jolt, and all color drained from her face.
"Was it you or Mr. Justin who initiated the breakup?!"
"You were hailed as the perfect couple and a match made in heaven! What was the reason for your split? Was there a third party involved?!"
"Years ago, you divorced him because of Ms. Gold. Has he cheated on you again?!"
Bella had initially planned to remain silent, but the crowd was too thick to break through. Hearing such baseless speculation, she could not help but speak up, her gaze steady.
"Mr. Salvador and I separated amicably; there was no third party involved. We maintained a
cordial relationship. I'd appreciate it if you wouldn't jump to conclusions or spread rumors." Suddenly, a reporter's voice rang out above the others.
"Is it true the breakup was caused by a woman called Ms. Amaryllis?!"
###chapter2325

"Recently, Ms. Amaryllis has been openly seen with Mr. Justin. There are rumors that she is his new love!"
"You just broke up with Mr. Justin, but he's already with another woman. It looks like they didn't waste any time getting together. Were they involved all along?"
Bella clenched her fists, a chill creeping up her slender legs like an icy snake. She steadied herself, casting a piercing gaze straight at the reporter who had asked the question.
The intimidated reporter recoiled into the crowd.
"I'll say it once more, for the last time. Mr. Justin Salvador and I separated amicably, with no third party involved. After spending so many years together, I will defend his reputation, even as a friend. I won't allow anyone to slander or defame him. I know him better than anyone and can say with certainty what an incredible person he is."
As she spoke, Bella's eyes turned red, her voice catching as she held back her emotions, yet her smile was as radiant as ever. "So, from now on, if anyone spreads another baseless rumor about Mr. Justin Salvador, you'll be hearing from my lawyer!"
The reporters exchanged uneasy glances, and the one who had spoken out hastily shrank back, visibly trembling.
Bella took a deep breath, striding forward in an attempt to escape the chaos around her. But it was too crowded, and each step felt as if the air itself were growing thinner.
Just then, a deep voice broke through the crowd, cutting through the tension. "Please make way, everyone."
Heads turned, and the crowd gasped in shock.
Bella followed the sound, her eyes widening.
In the soft glow of the lights, Grant stood tall and elegant, his strikingly handsome features gentle yet refined.
Dressed in a finely tailored suit, Grant moved through the crowd with ease, walking directly toward Bella.
At the same time, Justin arrived.
He watched as Grant, no longer confined to a wheelchair and showing no signs of frailty, made his way confidently toward Bella.
People around could not help but marvel at the sight of the two of them, a pair so perfectly matched in both beauty and presence.
This scene stirred something in Justin. A deep, dark red flared in his eyes, and a wave of unsteady emotion surged in his chest-anxious, restless-colliding within him. He swayed
slightly, his trembling hand gripping the wall to steady himself.
"Wow, who is that man? He's so handsome, and his presence is extraordinary!"
"He's Justin's half-brother-Gregory Salvador's eldest son!"
"Oh, that explains it... He does look a bit like Mr. Justin!"
"If it weren't for his poor health and years spent abroad recovering, how could the Salvador Corporation's management have gone to the second son? In families like these, inheritance almost always goes to the eldest son unless there's an unusual reason."
"Poor health? He looks perfectly fine to me!"
"Yeah... It's all very mysterious."
Bella watched in disbelief as Grant, all smiles and grace, approached her. The image of this impeccably dressed man, tainted with sin and bloodstained hands, made her heart clench.
She bit her lip and instinctively took a step back.
Grant noted the pallor on her face, and although he kept his expression unchanged, his eyes grew darker.
He and Justin were brothers, yet their personalities could not be more different.
Justin was a genius in intellect but unrefined in emotions. Had he never met Bella, he might never have understood women at all.
Grant, however, was the exact opposite-highly sensitive by nature, with a keenly observant mind. Just a moment in someone's company, a single look from them, and he could see through any mask or hidden thought.
Right now, he saw clearly the fear Bella held for him deep inside.
###chapter2326

Grant was not unfamiliar with the kind of gaze directed at him. He categorized all of them under one term awe. Yet with Bella, he disliked it when she looked at him with fear.
"Mr. Grant, why are you here?" Bella steadied herself, avoiding his deep eyes.
"I heard from Grandpa that you would be coming tonight, so I came to wait for you," Grant said, gazing at her tenderly.
The crowd was stunned.
What did this mean? Was it a subtle yet public confession?!
Could it be that even Young Master Grant had feelings for Bella?
She had once been his younger brother's woman. Did he truly not care or feel repulsed?
In an instant, the reporters, who sensed the ambiguous atmosphere, surged toward the two like sharks toward blood.
Grant's gaze turned intense as he lifted his arm, encircled Bella's shoulders, and pulled her into his embrace.
Although he appeared gentle, his posture at that moment was unyieldingly assertive, almost exuding a domineering aura that allowed no interference.
Bella's slender shoulders trembled while nestled within Grant's hold. She felt as if countless tiny ants were gnawing at her.
She wanted to free herself from his embrace, but the crowd pressing in around them restrained her, leaving her with no choice but to follow his lead.
When she looked up, her chest tightened suddenly. She saw Justin's sad and aloof figure standing a few steps away, gazing expressionlessly in her direction.
Their gazes met. Bella's eyes turned moist, emotions stirring beneath the surface.
Though only steps apart, it felt like there was a wide chasm that separated them.
Bella's rosy lips trembled, almost calling out his name.
If he took even one step toward her, she would run to him without hesitation, without a second thought.
Yet in the next moment, Justin turned away indifferently, as if he had seen nothing, and left resolutely.
A flood of disappointment washed over her, chilling her to the bone. Her reddened eyes glistened with unshed tears.
"You saw him, didn't you?" Grant leaned over, his lips close to her ear.
His low, soft voice was audible only to the two of them.
"What do you want to say?" Bella's voice trembled uncontrollably.
"Ms. Thompson, I have told myself more than once that if Justin regretted it and wanted you back, I would withdraw without hesitation and help reunite you two." Grant looked down at the woman in his arms, his gaze deepening. "But now, it seems I was worrying for nothing."
Bella bit her lip, and she shut her eyes tightly in pain.
Elsewhere, Justin walked alone along the corridor, his hand braced against the wall. He felt as though his heart had become a ransacked house, stripped bare piece by piece.
Under the guise of noble intent, his older brother had taken it apart bit by bit. By the time he realized it, his heart was in shambles, nearly emptied.
###chapter2327

When Grant and Bella entered the banquet hall together, another wave of whispers swept through the crowd.
Everyone's surprised gaze landed on the two of them.
"Am I seeing things?! That man beside Bella isn't Mr. Justin, but someone else?!"
"That gentleman is so elegant! His looks and presence certainly don't lose out to Mr. Justin!"
"Bella Thompson has so many brothers. Could he be one of them?"
"Grant!" Gregory's spirit instantly lifted, his face glowing as he strode over to the pair.
'Grant?!' The crowd was shocked, exchanging bewildered glances.
"Dad." Grant's eyes curved with a smile, clear as a lake.
As a prominent heiress, Bella maintained a polite demeanor in the Salvador family's setting, despite past conflicts with Gregory. She greeted him courteously, "Chairman Salvador, my father is resting at home, so he sent me to extend his regards."
She was poised and dignified.
Standing beside her like a graceful figure in a painting, Grant's elegant presence made them an exceptionally eye-catching pair.
"I appreciate Chairman Thompson's concern. Everything here is well," Gregory responded, shedding his usual coldness toward Bella and revealing a surprisingly warm, paternal smile, as though he and the Thompson family shared a close bond. "I heard that Chairman Thompson has been recovering abroad. I have yet to find time to visit. I'll reach out soon, and if he's free, I'll surely pay him a visit."
At that moment, Justin entered the banquet hall with his grandfather, Nigel, pushing his wheelchair.
Everyone present, including the grandfather and grandson, heard Gregory's words clearly.
Bella responded with a soft smile, neither agreeing nor disagreeing,
Her sharp mind easily saw through Gregory's underhanded motives.
During her relationship with Justin, there had been rumors about the animosity between the Thompson and Salvador families. Despite the depth of her and Justin's relationship and their discussions of marriage, Gregory never set foot in the Thompson family's home or even made a courtesy call.
Now, in front of Grant, Gregory showcased a warm and friendly side. The stark contrast in treatment between his two sons would certainly fuel endless speculation.
"Did Justin and Bella break up?"
"Really?! That's great! Now we all have a chance!"
"Oh my... Would they actually break up? I don't believe in love anymore!"
"Aren't you a hopeless romantic? Love was never something to believe in!"
"Looks like Bella is with Young Master Grant now, and she's got Chairman Salvador's blessing! She went from the younger brother to the older one... Quite the seductress, huh?"
"One woman for both brothers... She's quite the schemer."
The gossip did not go unnoticed.
Grant's sharp, handsome features turned slightly as his eyes, laced with a faint smile, swept in the direction of the chatter.
Those two gossipers immediately fell silent, nervously glancing around to mask their discomfort.
Grant looked away with faint indifference.
That single glance held no expression, yet it inexplicably sent chills through them, their scalps prickling.
The scene made Nigel's anger flare.
His face flushed red as he looked up at Justin, who stood there stiffly and nudged him forcefully with his elbow.
"Go! Get over there to Bella, hurry!"
Justin stared intently at the figures of Bella and Grant, who appeared so compatible together.
The taut lines of his muscular arm, concealed beneath his suit, gradually tightened. But still, he stood unmoved.
"You fool! Your wife is about to be taken away, and you're just standing there?!"
The old man's face turned crimson with fury, nearly unable to hold his tongue. If he could, he would have jumped up and knocked some sense into him. "Before, when Bella so much as talked to another man, you'd be seething with jealousy! And now, with your father pushing Bella toward your older brother, you just sit idly by? Has your brain turned to mush?! Damn it! Even a dog knows to mark its territory to claim what's theirs. Are you worse than a dog?"
Justin felt a sharp pang in his head, his chest rising and falling in suppressed agony. Then he turned and left the banquet hall.
###chapter2328

In the hotel's rear garden, Justin stumbled to a halt by the pond, gasping for air as though drowning. For a long time, he could not steady himself.
His body trembled as he bent down, grabbed a handful of snow, and squeezed it tightly. The biting cold seeped into his skin but did nothing to relieve the throbbing pain in his temples. His eyes turned scarlet as he shoved the snow into his mouth, swallowing it all.
No matter what he did, he could not suppress it. He needed his medication.
"Young Master Justin? Why are you here?" Clarice's surprised voice came from behind him.
Justin's breath hitched as he clenched the snow in his hand. Veins bulged along his knuckles as he straightened his back and turned to face her.
"Just getting some air," Justin said hoarsely.
Clarice observed him closely, narrowing her eyes slightly. "Young Master Justin, you look unwell. Are you feeling alright?"
"It's nothing." A bead of sweat slipped quietly down his handsome face.
"Young Master Justin, if you run out of medication, you must let me know right away." Her gaze grew colder as she closed the distance between them. "You need to take it on time and in the right amount, or how else will your condition improve? Over time..."
Justin closed his bloodshot eyes and cut her off sharply. "I'm much better now. I don't need it at the moment."
A dark glint flickered in Clarice's eyes before she replaced it with a warm smile, gently patting his shoulder.
Justin frowned and turned away.
Their faces were only inches apart. Clarice looked up at him with wide, sparkling eyes, so close that the mist from her breath touched his clean-shaven chin.
This scene, which seemed so intimate, was witnessed by Bella, who had arrived there unintentionally. Her heart skipped painfully as she quickly ducked behind a rock formation, hiding herself. Yet, unable to resist, she peered through a gap between the stones, watching the pair as snow fell around them like a romantic painting.
She saw Clarice smile sweetly, almost like a girl experiencing her first love.
Reaching into the pocket of her ivory coat, Clarice pulled out a small, elegantly wrapped gift box and held it out to Justin.
"Mr. Justin, tomorrow is your birthday. I wish you a happy birthday in advance. It's just a little gift-please accept it."
Justin lowered his long lashes, his voice detached. "I don't celebrate
my birthday."
"We've known each other for a while. It's nothing extravagant. Can't you indulge me?" Clarice blinked her large eyes innocently, a hint of hurt in them. "I've already bought it. There's no reason for me to take it back. If you don't want it, throw it away outside, but don't return it to me."
She pushed the box almost forcefully into his arms.
Justin's starry eyes flickered.
At that moment, her gestures bore a resemblance to Bella's.
Back when they were together, that woman was always pouting. Yet no matter how she acted out, he indulged her and spoiled her.
He supposed he must have loved her deeply to do that.
But why could he no longer love her? Why had that passion, that undeniable need for her, fade beyond reach?
"Thank you." Justin accepted the gift, opening it right there to find a delicate tie clip inside. From afar, Bella watched their interaction, her eyes brimming with tears.
She took a shuddering breath, feeling as if the cold of the world had seeped into her lungs, layer by layer, freezing her heart. Waves of pain hammered at her soul, carving endless cracks that left her teetering on the verge of collapse.
She was close to shattering.
"Mr. Justin, do you like it?" Clarice tucked a stray strand of hair behind her ear, her gaze soft and alluring as her toe traced small circles in the snow.
Though she no longer wore her hair long, some habits unconsciously resurfaced.
In her sorrow, Bella's gaze locked onto Clarice, and her heart skipped a beat.
Something about the woman's mannerisms gave Bella an inexplicable feeling, something unnervingly familiar.
She barely knew Clarice. They were practically strangers. But Bella could not shake off the eerie sense that she had seen this woman before.
###chapter2329

Bella's fingers tightened against the jagged rock, her attention shifting from Justin to
Clarice. Just then, Clarice reached into the box, took out the tie clip, and, in a swift motion, attached it to Justin's tie before he could react.
He froze, stepping back, but she was quick. Her fingers had already done their work.
"Mr. Justin, it suits you," Clarice's eyes glimmered, her voice soft and beguiling. For any other man, such charm would be irresistible. "It seems that my taste isn't so bad after all."
Justin's gaze darkened, visibly displeased. Yet out of politeness and the fact that she was closely associated with his elder brother, he refrained from any response that might embarrass her.
Bella watched their exchange, a storm of sadness swirling in her clear eyes. But she forced herself to regain composure. As she pulled out her phone, intending to record Clarice's actions, her vision abruptly went dark. A slender, cool hand had covered her eyes.
Then came Grant's deep voice, murmuring close to her ear, "Don't look."
Her heart jolted. She turned hurriedly, her pupils constricting as she met Grant's pale, handsome face. Her back was nearly pressed against the rock when his long arm wrapped around her, shielding her shoulder from the stone with his hand to prevent her from being hurt.
He was so attentive, gentle, and considerate.
Grant seemed like the perfect man, and yet, Bella felt only a chill from head to toe.
"Have you been standing here for long? Your face is red from the cold." Grant's gaze deepened as he opened his coat and wrapped it around her, shielding her slender body from the wind. "Let's go back. Don't stay out here and risk getting sick."
Bella stiffened, avoiding his intense gaze. "I'm not cold."
She truly wasn't because her heart was nearly frozen.
Grant lowered his voice as he leaned in closer. "You're hurting."
Bella forced a smile, her eyes red-rimmed. "No, I'm not."
"I have a unique gift. No one can hide their feelings from me," Grant said, a gentle smile on his lips. "But only if they're someone I truly care about."
"Grant, if I am truly someone you care about, as you say, then you shouldn't make me feel burdened." Bella lifted her gaze, looking him directly in the eyes. Her lips curled in self- mockery. "After all, I don't want to be known as the woman who hops from brother to brother."
Grant had never seen her smile like this before, like a rose with thorns.
"Don't listen to them," Grant said in a low, hoarse voice. "They're only jealous of you."
Bella laughed brightly. "Jealous that I've had my fill of one brother and now get to try the other? That I'm wreaking havoc on the Salvador men?
"Are you afraid of me?" Grant asked abruptly, changing the topic.
Her heart pounded, though her face remained impassive. "I have no reason to be afraid of you."
"Good." He sighed, as though relieved. Then he took off his coat and draped it around her shoulders, pulling it snug to keep her warm.
Bella's eyes widened, intending to shrug it off, but he held onto the lapels, trapping her in place.
"Ms. Thompson," Grant murmured. "I have a weak body, no power in the Salvador family, no business acumen, or Grandpa's favor. I'll admit. I'm no match for Justin. But you can trust me when I say that I will never let your heart break no matter what."
His eyes were as deep and gentle as polished jade, unwavering.
But to Bella, they were the depths of a dark chasm, a step into which might mean eternal doom.
Grant's appearance with Bella at the Salvador family banquet caused an uproar, sparking rumors that even trended on social media. Meanwhile, the news of Justin and Bella's breakup continued to escalate.
Justin, troubled, left the banquet before it ended.
As he got into the car, he pulled off the tie clip Clarice had given him, tossing it to his driver, Ian, with a look of distaste.
"It's yours."
###chapter2330

Ian caught the tie clip with a confused expression. "Mr. Salvador, what's this?"
Justin closed his eyes for a brief rest, loosening the knot of his tie, yet he still felt its stifling weight.
"Something from Clarice."
"Oh! Some random trash from that woman? No thanks!" Ian scoffed, tossing it away immediately. "I've got a girlfriend. I don't need misunderstandings."
"A girlfriend?" Justin asked, eyes still closed, brows slightly furrowed.
"Yeah, Rachel."
Justin frowned. "She's of age now?"
Ian laughed, exasperated. "She's a college student, Mr. Salvador. Do you really think I'm a monster?"
Justin's mind drifted back to the time he and Bella had helped save a girl named Rachel Meads. Fragments of that memory flashed in his mind, but then lan's voice broke through his thoughts.
"Mr. Salvador, look!"
Justin opened his eyes wearily, but the sight before him made his heart skip a beat.
Bella stood alone in front of the car, surrounded by a flurry of snowflakes. In the intense white light, her dark hair whipped around in the wind, as if it might carry her away with it.
Justin's chest rose and fell heavily. He opened the car door and walked toward her, one step at a time.
"Mr. Salvador." Bella greeted him with a faint smile, calm and distant.
He noticed her cheeks were flushed from the cold. She must have been waiting outside for quite some time.
His lips parted, but he found himself unable to utter a single word. He remembered she hated the cold. Whenever it got chilly, she would always nestle into his arms, using his hands as her personal heater.
"Mr. Salvador, may I have a word?" Bella's voice was soft, lacking any expectation of his concern. She did not seem to mind his silence and just quietly waited for his response.
Justin's lips pressed together. "We can talk in the car."
"Thank you," Bella replied politely, keeping a slight distance that felt respectful yet unsettling to him.
Ian tactfully exited the car to give the former lovers some privacy.
"Tomorrow's your birthday." Bella broke the silence.
"Yes," Justin replied, glancing at her from the corner of his eye, his throat tightening.
Just as he was about to say, "I don't need a gift," Bella spoke again, catching him by surprise.
"You remember what you promised me, don't you?"
Justin froze, his voice low. "Of course."
"It's time to keep that promise."
Bella clenched her icy fingers, her gaze smoldering with intensity. "Tomorrow at 3:00 p.m., I want you to meet me for a hike."
Justin was taken aback. "A hike? Where?"
"Mount Jaglee. Do you remember it?" Her voice wavered slightly, but she laughed softly." Many years ago, you rescued a girl there, pulling her out of a storm. That was the beginning of it all."
His heart skipped a beat, and his hand curled tightly into a fist. He had not forgotten. Of course, he remembered.
"All I want is for you to come hiking with me tomorrow."
"That's all?"
She scoffed, crossing her arms and tilting her chin up arrogantly, reminiscent of her former self, the poised and proud young heiress. "What, did you think I'd ask you to marry me?
Well, just answer me-yes or no?"
"Yes," Justin replied without hesitation.
"Good. Pinky swear."
Before he could react, Bella grabbed his warm hand, linking her own small, cold pinky frozen and stiff-around his.
For a moment, Justin's pupils contracted. He felt the faint tremor of her little finger, and a jolt of electricity shot through his heart.
###chapter2331

Bella decisively let go of Justin's hand and opened the car door.
"Mr. Salvador, see you there."
Justin's fingers curled instinctively when he felt the sudden loss of warmth. His lips moved, wanting to say something, but he hesitated.
Before he could respond, Bella quickly walked away without looking back. Only when her slender, proud figure faded into the night did Justin murmur from his parched throat. "See you there."
Back in the parking lot, Steven stood anxiously by the car, waiting for Bella. Seeing that her eyes were slightly red when she came back, he knew she had met with Justin. It seemed that their conversation had not gone well.
His heart felt a slight twinge as he said, "Ms. Bella, I know you can be very persistent about things and people you care about, but some things in life simply cannot be forced. If it really is impossible, perhaps letting go might be a release for you too."
Steven knew his words sounded harsh and distant. But he could not bear to see her so devastated any longer.
"Steve, I understand. I know what you want to say." Bella lowered her head, her cold hands tucked away in her coat pockets, clenched tightly with unwillingness. "But I still want to try one last time. If all the heart-stopping moments from before can't awaken his love for me, then I'll give up completely and never see him again."
Steven felt his eyes grow wet. He had not expected the proud and noble heiress to lower herself to this point again because of Justin. Was it fate, or a curse?
"Steve, your wife is eight months along, right? I heard it's a boy?" Bella changed the topic, a warm smile appearing on her face.
"Yes, a boy."
At the mention of Amelia and the baby, Steven's face softened with a fatherly smile, tinged with a bit of helplessness. "Once, I joked that I preferred a girl, so when we found out it was a boy, Amelia was disappointed for days. Actually, as long as it's her child, I love them. I said that just so she wouldn't think I valued sons over daughters. I have no throne to inherit. Even if I did, why couldn't a girl reign? After all, you've become the queen of KS Group."
"Queen? I'm just an overpaid slave for Wyatt. Everything, I do is for the KS Group and my family."
Bella waved dismissively, her expression turning serious. "I don't know much about pregnancy, but I think you should spend more time with Amelia now. Lately, for my sake and the A5 project, you haven't been home with Amelia for days. Every visit is only two or
three hours long. That's not fair to my sister. Tonight, you should go back to Yara Park and stay with her. I'll give you a few days off. Don't worry about anything and just be with Amelia."
Steven hesitated, "But, Ms. Bella, you need someone by your side."
"I plan to take a few days off myself."
Bella thought about her agreement with Justin for tomorrow. A rare youthful smile of anticipation spread across her face.
"After tomorrow, regardless of the outcome, I'll take a short trip abroad to clear my mind. When I return, I'll be ready to tackle A5."
Steven had no idea what tomorrow would bring, but he knew how stubborn Bella was and chose not to persuade her further.
"Oh, Ms. Bella." Steven picked up a black coat from the driver's seat, asking in confusion." Whose coat is this? Should I return it?"
Bella lowered her gaze. Grant's elegant, refined face flashed in her mind. A wave of intense resentment surged within her.
Her voice turned icy as she said, "Throw it away."
###chapter2332

A secluded and serene villa in the eastern suburbs, completely unknown to the world, served as Grant's private residence.
It was early in the morning when Clarice arrived to report what she discovered.
Unexpectedly, she bumped into Jace, who was drenched. His eyes were bloodshot, as though he had not slept in days. The hostility radiating from him and his sharp, wolf-like gaze made Clarice instinctively flinch, compelling her to back away.
"You look terrible." Clarice rolled her eyes at him and knocked on the study door before entering. Jace ignored her jab and followed her in.
Inside the classically styled study, Grant sat in a wheelchair, teasing a parrot in a golden cage before him.
Christopher had also kept an exquisite, rare parrot at Pivotage because he was deeply influenced by Grant. In fact, Christopher practically revered Grant, emulating his habits and interests, seeing them as symbols of power and wisdom. It was ridiculous, but when
someone worshiped an idol, they would inevitably want to get closer to their idol and strive to become like them.
"Sir, here is the recording that I've extracted." Clarice stepped forward, taking out her phone and playing the conversation between Justin and Bella in the car for him and Jace to hear.
Grant maintained his elegant, unreadable smile the entire time, but at the mention of words like "promise" and "see you there", a flicker of chilling darkness crept into his enigmatic
gaze.
Jace listened closely. Despite Bella's resolute voice, he could tell that she was pretending to be strong. An indescribable feeling stirred in his chest, causing his brow to furrow slightly. "As per your instructions, I hacked Justin's car and intercepted this conversation," Clarice said with a sigh, her tone carrying a hint of frustration. "Unfortunately, I couldn't obtain anything more valuable."
Grant's smile deepened. "No, I find this conversation invaluable. Clarice, you did well." Clarice's face brightened. "Thank you, sir."
Grant looked at her with an inscrutable gaze. "There is one more task I need you to handle." "Anything for you, sir!"
"I noticed you've been getting along well with my brother lately. Apart from Ms. Thompson, you're the only woman who can get close to him. Your progress is impressive." Grant raised his hand and fed the parrot leisurely.
Thinking of the gift Justin had accepted from her tonight, Clarice could not hide her satisfaction.
"I wouldn't dare leave any task from you unfinished. But don't worry; I have no other intentions with Justin. Everything I do is for you, sir."
"Tomorrow, I need you to stop Justin from meeting Ms. Thompson."
Clarice froze, suddenly unsure. "Sir, it's not that I don't want to. With other things, it might be possible, but with an appointment with Bella? What reason could I possibly have to stop him? He's incredibly stubborn. Once he makes a promise, he won't break it, even if it means facing a nuclear blast. I'm afraid..."
The corners of Grant's lips curled in a smile, his gaze profound. "That's why I will give you a reason Justin cannot refuse."
###chapter2333

Clarice's eyes lit up.
"What's the reason?"
Grant's faint smile carried a chill like the night air. His voice was so cold and distant it felt almost otherworldly. "In my brother's life, apart from Ms. Thompson, there is another woman whose importance could make him act without hesitation."
The usually silent Jace unexpectedly spoke. "Are you referring to the woman who once saved Justin's life on the battlefield?"
"After Justin retired and returned from the front lines, he developed PTSD. His mental state deteriorated severely, even to the point of contemplating suicide. During that time, I often called him, urging him to hold on, to live well." Grant recounted in a low, slow tone, as though telling a story unrelated to himself. "I reminded him that my life was already worse than death. If he didn't survive, what would become of the Salvador family's future? Father and Grandpa would lose their support and be heartbroken."
"Sir, you are too merciful and kind," Clarice said, looking at him with pity and biting her lip. "If it were me, that would have been the perfect chance to eliminate Justin once and for all! I even regret it bitterly now. Why did I ever listen to Shannon back then and save him when he tried to end his life? He should have died then! If so, this trouble wouldn't be plaguing you now!"
Jace's dark eyes shifted to her, a cold glint within them. Though he and Clarice both served Grant, they could not see eye to eye. He was ruthless, but he only followed Grant's orders, doing precisely what was asked. On the other hand, Clarice was more like a festering tumor, scheming in shadows and seizing every chance to undermine Justin with insidious suggestions.
Compared to the viper Christopher, Clarice was just as ruthless, if not more so. Though they stayed out of each other's way, Jace could not hide the disgust he had for her.
"Am I really so kind?" Grant's lips curled into a smile. "Helping him was partially mercy, yes, but at that time, the Salvador family needed him to manage the bigger picture. I've never denied Justin's skills in business and management. Besides, if his life had ended back then, how would my connection with you even start?"
"Sir..." Clarice flushed with embarrassment.
Grant continued, "Back then, Justin often mentioned the girl who risked her life to save him on the battlefield. He said she wore a large mask, so he never saw her face. It was a regret that has haunted him ever since. He never knew her name, so he simply called her 'Little Dove'. For years, he's been searching for her, but there's been no trace. He once told me that this 'Little Dove' is crucial to him, and if he ever found her, he'd do anything to repay her for saving his life."
Realizing something, Clarice quickly asked, "sir, have you found this Little Dove?"
Grant gently stroked the parrot's feathers, his smile faint, and his gaze profound. "I've always known who she is."
"Who is she?!"
"Right in front of him, yet so far away."
Jace's eyes widened. "Bella?"
Clarice's eyes widened in shock, her words stumbling. "She... She's Bella?! Bella is Little Dove?!"
Justin's elusive savior, the one he's searched for, was right beside him! The coincidence was absurd and ironic!
Without a word, Grant placed a file on the coffee table. Clarice eagerly lunged for it, flipping through its pages. Her hands began to tremble as she read the information, her eyes flashing with a whirlwind of shock, disbelief, and gleeful, twisted satisfaction.
###chapter2334

Jace stared at the woman before him.
Clarice's bloodshot eyes and twisted expression amplified the disgust Jace felt for her. He could not fathom how someone so deranged and vicious had once stood at Justin's side. Even though Bella and Justin were no longer together, Clarice was far from deserving his attention. Clarice could not compare to the dirt on Bella's shoes.
Suddenly, Jace recalled the car accident. He pictured Bella's pale face streaked with blood, her body battered, as she struggled to crawl out of the wreck. The fierce tenacity in her eyes was something he had never witnessed in any other woman.
His heart trembled involuntarily, though a piercing pain pulsed in his temples, forcing him to close his eyes and hold his breath against the agony.
"Hahahaha!" Clarice burst into laughter, her body shaking. "Justin! That man has finally met his match! If he ever realizes that the woman he has hurt over and over is the very one he's wanted to repay, this truth will devastate him beyond measure. Serves him right! This is his karma! His retribution!"
"At first, I didn't know the person Justin had been searching for was Ms. Thompson." Grant turned his wheelchair around, his voice calm and steady. "Not until I had my uncle investigate her background in detail did I realize she had been following Justin from the shadows. When Justin went to Kridor on assignment, she applied to be a volunteer for Doctors Without Borders in that war-torn, dangerous country.
"Her reason was obvious. My uncle even found her medical records from abroad, showing she had suffered severe injuries on her fingers, with treatment dates matching Justin's mission timeline. When Justin returned to the capital, so did she. All of it indicated that Bella was indeed Little Dove."
Clarice's eyes widened as she quickly praised him. "You are truly incredible, sir! Nothing escapes you!"
However, facing away from them, Grant had a dark and brooding expression, different from his usual calm demeanor. Hearing her praise only deepened his displeasure, making him look like a different person.
"Tomorrow, use this information to keep Justin occupied," Grant ordered.
Clarice nodded eagerly. "Understood."
"Jace, I want you to follow him in the shadows," Grant added.
Jace hesitated, his gaze faltering. "Follow... Justin?"
"If anything changes, you must prevent them from meeting with whatever means necessary." Grant's voice was cold, his gaze sharp as he looked back at him. "Jace, surely a task like this is trivial for you. I expect nothing less than success."
His tone bore down on Jace, a chill that left no room for argument. It was an order.
Jace swallowed dryly and bowed. "Rest assured, sir."
Grant's smile returned, though it lacked warmth. "By the way, did you deal with those two at tonight's banquet who were gossiping about Ms. Thompson?"
Clarice froze. Grant, who never wasted effort on irrelevant people, had decided to take action against those who merely gossiped about Bella.
She thought, 'Could it be that he truly had feelings for her
Jace replied, "My men arranged it to look like an accident. No trace will lead back to us."
Grant nodded slightly, his smile devoid of warmth. "Good. People like that are hardly worth the trouble for my people to handle directly."
###chapter2335

That night, Bella stayed in the presidential suite at the KS World Hotel in Savrow. She did not return to her villa.
Truthfully, she was still struggling to come to terms with her and Justin's breakup. She was afraid that going back to the familiar surroundings would only stir painful memories, dragging her into a deeper sadness.
After a restless night, she was awakened the next morning by a knock at her door. Rising from bed and wrapping herself in a robe, she opened the door to find Steven, who had brought an entire set of brand-new hiking gear.
Bella's eyes sparkled as she smiled. "Steve, thank you for going through the trouble."
"Ms. Bella, it's so cold today. Are you sure you want to go hiking?" Steven set the gear neatly on the sofa, looking concerned.
"It's okay. As long as the weather is nice, that's enough." Bella gazed out the window at the bright sunshine, unable to hide her joyful smile. She could not contain her excitement about hiking with Justin today.
She still loved him hopelessly, deeply, and completely. One would call her foolish or accuse her of being hopelessly romantic, but this was love-pure and simple. Nothing could hold her back.
Bella had resigned herself to their separation, but not because her love had ceased.
Just as Steven was about to say something, his phone rang. It was his second older brother, Clarence, someone he had not heard from in a long time. After a brief exchange, Steven ended the call.
"Was Judge Lovert calling for something important?" Bella asked.
"Mm. My brother's getting married and invited me to dinner to meet his fiancée," Steven replied with a faint, somewhat complex smile. "But he's no longer a judge. He resigned and opened his own law firm. He's a lawyer now."
Bella's eyebrows lifted in surprise. "Why?"
"Because of our older brother. He feels responsible for all that happened over the years, so he resigned," Steven admitted, still feeling unsettled whenever Hunter's name came up.
"Your brother is a responsible and proud man. You and your brothers were outstanding in your own fields, but it's a pity that Hunter chose the wrong path," Bella said, gently stroking the new hiking clothes with a soft smile. "Go and meet him. Pass along my congratulations to them for their marriage. Afterward, you don't need to come back to Savrow."
After lunch and a short nap, Bella drove herself to Mount Jaglee National Forest Park. She
arrived at the foot of the mountain precisely at 2:00 p.m. and met up with Xavier, who was now the newly appointed forest ranger.
They charted warmly, reminiscing about their old friend, Frank, the former ranger who had passed from pancreatic cancer. Time slipped away, and before they knew it, it was 2:30 p.m.
"Ms. Bella, are you waiting for someone?" Xavier asked, noticing that she was checking the time frequently.
Bella's face softened into a warm smile, like sunlight. "Yes, I am."
"Is it Mr. Salvador?"
"Yes. We planned to go hiking together today."
"Ah! You two must be very close! In this cold weather, only someone you're truly connected to would come hiking with you," Xavier said, amused.
Bella's smile gradually faded, turning bittersweet.
Meanwhile, Justin had just finished a group meeting and hurried back to his office.
"Ian, is the hiking gear ready?" He removed his suit jacket and tugged off his tie. His athletic frame strained beneath his white shirt.
"All set!" Ian grinned, beaming. "Hope you and Ms. Bella have a great time on your date!"
The man quickly put on a black hiking outfit, his deep voice quiet, lashes casting shadows over his dark eyes. "It's just a favor. I only agreed to this once."
Ian grinned knowingly, sensing the subtle shift in Justin's relationship. He did not believe a word Justin said. Justin's lips said one thing, but his heart spoke another.
"Ian, get the car ready. We're going to Mount Jaglee." Justin adjusted his gear, looking like a professional
Just as Justin was about to leave his office, his phone vibrated insistently. He frowned, took it out, and his eyes narrowed as he saw the name flash on the screen-Clarice.
Ile did not want to answer, but as the call persisted, he picked up, his tone flat and uninterested. "Ms. Amaryllis, what is it?"
"Mr. Justin, I need to talk to you. I want to meet right now," Clarice said with urgency.
"I don't have time today. Let's do this another day." Justin checked his watch.
"It's urgent." Clarice pressed.
Justin's gaze darkened. "So is what I'm doing."
As he was about to take his final step out the door, Clarice's voice echoed through the
receiver, like a magical spell.
"Are you not even a little curious about the person who saved your life?"
###chapter2336

Justin felt his breath catch in his throat, and it was as if his feet were trapped in thick vines, immobilizing him.
Ian observed Justin's tense posture, noticing the slight quiver in his broad shoulders, and a sense of unease crept into his own heart.
"What did you say?" Justin asked, his voice tense as he fought to contain a surge of emotion.
"I heard Mr. Grant mention how you were seriously injured on the battlefield years ago, and a female doctor saved your life. You've been trying to find her ever since because you're grateful for what she did."
Justin's back stiffened further. His eyes narrowed as he asked coldly, "This is a private affair of mine. Did my brother really share this with you?"
"Mr. Grant told me because I used to work as a doctor in Kridor. He was hoping I could help uncover any leads about the whereabouts of this woman who saved your life. Now, we finally have something. Mr. Justin, don't you want to at least see your Little Dove who risked everything to save you? Just once in your life?" Clarice's voice was filled with emotion, almost trembling as she spoke passionately, urging him.
Justin felt his heart ache, and he squeezed his eyes shut.
When he had gone to Meridan to visit Grant and discovered that Clarice had worked with Doctors Without Borders in Kridor, he had considered asking her about the mysterious Little Dove who had saved his life. But bringing it up during their first meeting had seemed too sudden.
He could not quite grasp why Clarice was so eager to help him track down this woman. Still, he knew this was a rare and precious lead, and he did not want to let it slip away.
"Do you really know where she is? Where is she? Is she in Savrow?" Justin asked, his voice was low, laced with urgency he could not hide.
"No, she's in Fogville. I've already sent people to search for her, and I just got to the Fogville Airport myself," Clarice replied. Her voice had a mix of excitement and uncertainty.
"But I've never met anyone that knows her, so I don't know what she looks like. All I can say is, the information I have seems to fit her description pretty well. Even if I did recognize her, what right would I have to hold her? That would only frighten her and be inappropriate. So, it's best if you come to Fogville in person, Mr. Justin. If this opportunity slips away, who knows when another might come?"
Fogville was not close to Savrow. Even with a private jet, it would take three hours to get there.
If he went to Fogville, he would have to break his promise to Bella today.
Justin pursed his lips, his gaze fixed on the time.
Time ticked away. The time he had promised to meet Bella was fast approaching, and his brow furrowed with a conflicted, uncertain expression. There was an inner turmoil burning in his eyes.
Normally, he was not one to go back on his word or break a promise. But this time, it was different.
He could reschedule their hike, but if he missed the chance to find the Little Dove, he feared he would regret it for the rest of his life.
"Send me your location. I'm heading to Fogville now."
With that, Justin ended the call and ordered lan, who stood frozen behind him, "Prepare a jet. We're leaving for Fogville immediately."
Jan stared in shock and asked, "Now?!"
Justin's tone was firm and resolute. "Yes, now."
"But you promised the Young Madam you'd go hiking. If you don't show up, what will she do?!" Ian's voice was a mix of frustration and panic. The words "Young Madam" slipped out. Justin clenched his fist, the veins on the back of his hand popped out, tense and strained. He pulled out his phone and tried to call Bella, but the line was busy.
He tried a couple more times, but it was still the same.
Finally, he sent her a message. [Ms. Thompson, something important has come up, and I can't make it as we planned. I'm really sorry about this. I'll make it up to you when I get back.
J
After sending the message, he no longer hesitated as he quickly opened the door and walked out.
By the time the clock struck three, the once-clear sky had transformed into an oppressive hue of grayish-white, with delicate snowflakes gracefully descending from above. But Justin was still nowhere to be seen.
Bella was really concerned at first. She was afraid the snowy roads had gotten slippery and he might have gotten into an accident, which would explain why he was late.
Bella tried to call him, but her phone had no signal. This was not surprising given the mountainous location and its unstable reception.
As the minutes ticked by, Bella's worry only grew.
The winter chill seeped through Bella's entire body, enveloping her like an icy shroud.
She stood there like a stone statue waiting for her lover's return, eyes straining to catch sight of his commanding figure.
No one knew justin better than she did. He was not the type who would stand anyone up. Whether it was with her, clients, or friends, he always arrived early if he could, never late, and never vanished without good reason.
Even if he had been in an accident, he would have forced himself to get there no matter what. How could he not show up at all?!
###chapter2337

Dusk was setting in.
A layer of snow had covered Bella's black hair, giving it a silvery look as she stood alone at the foot of the tall mountain, looking small, fragile, and sad.
"Ms. Thompson, it's snowing now, and the forecast says there'll be heavy snowfall tonight," Xavier said as he approached her.
He saw Bella's face was flushed from the cold with dull, lifeless eyes. Realizing something, a pang of sorrow tugged at him. "It's already this late. I think Mr. Salvador might have had an emergency, so he probably won't be coming,"
Bella whispered, gazing into the pitch-black distance, "Why didn't he let me know?"
Her voice held a faint strain, tinged with a hint of disappointment.
Xavier slapped his forehead. "Oh! Maybe he tried to contact you, but you didn't receive the message. Sometimes, there is no signal here at the base of the mountain, so you might have missed it! Why don't you come to my office? There is signal there."
"Even if something urgent came up, how could he not come as promised?" Bella's eyes turned red as she exhaled a cloud of white mist, her vision blurred by the tears in her eyes. How could he do this? We made a promise..."
04
"It's just a hike. If you can't go today, you can always reschedule. There's always time." Xavier forced a smile, trying to reassure her. "Besides, the weather isn't good today; it's not suitable for hiking. When the weather's better, you two can meet up again. It'll be much nicer. It's freezing out here; you should head back."
But before he could finish, Bella took a deep breath and stepped toward the entrance of Mount Jaglee.
"Ms. Thompson, if you insist on going up the mountain, then I'll go with you!" Xavier called out worriedly.
"No need!" Bella turned back, her eyes glistening in the snowy night. "Did you forget? My nickname is The Mountain Goddess!"
But it was a pity that there was no longer a Mountain God to protect her.
Justin had broken his promise, but Bella never would.
She would fulfill their agreement, alone.
Three hours later, Justin and Ian arrived in Fogville.
Justin hurriedly went to the location Clarice had specified a presidential suite in a five-star hotel.
The two men entered, one after the other.
The luxurious, empty room was quiet, with only Clarice seated on the sofa, leisurely sipping tea, without a trace of the urgency she had conveyed over the phone.
Just the sight of this woman made lan inexplicably angry. The glare he shot her could have cut through steel. She was the type of woman he could not stand. There was just something about her that rubbed him the wrong way, though he couldn't quite put his finger on why.
"Young Master Justin, you came quickly." Clarice set down her teacup and slowly stood up." It's clear how important the Little Dove is to you. For her sake, you stood up Ms. Thompson. It shows just how much more she means to you than Ms. Thompson, doesn't it?"
Justin's breaths were labored, his chest heaving as he asked hoarsely, "Where is Little Dove?"
"She's no longer in Fogville." Clarice's smile held no warmth as she looked at him.
His pupils contracted sharply. "Not here?"
"She left for Savrow," Clarice said nonchalantly, as though it were of no consequence. "Just an hour ago."
Ian's face flushed with fury. "Back to Savrow?! Didn't you say she was from Fogville?!"
"I never said that. I only said she appeared in Fogville. In fact, she's from Savrow and might have just happened to show up here"
lan clenched his teeth, barely holding back a curse. "You... Damn it!"
Justin's fingers curled into a fist, veins bulging as he strode toward Clarice, the dim light casting shadows over his towering form.
Their gazes met.
In his eyes burned a seething, molten rage, capable of devouring everything in its path.
He grabbed her collar with such force that she was nearly lifted off the ground. His voice dropped, heavy with menace. "Are you messing with me?!"
###chapter2338

"Mr. Justin, what do you mean by that?" Clarice looked up at Justin's red and angry eyes. She frowned with a mocking smile and said, "She's from Savrow. That was unexpected for me too. If I had known, I wouldn't have let you come here for nothing and find nothing, would I?"
Clarice was no longer the delicate, sweet girl she once was. Now, she had powerful backers, and this fierce display of rage did not intimidate her at all.
"Why didn't you say so earlier?!" Ian burst out in frustration, barely able to stop himself from hurling insults. "Do you know how important today's appointment was between Mr. Salvador and Young Madam?! Mr. Salvador rushed over here because of your ridiculous lead! Now you tell us she's not in Fogville but in Savrow?! What are you playing at? Did you plan this just to ruin Mr. Salvador's meeting with Young Madam?!"
"Young Madam? Didn't Mr. Justin and Ms. Thompson already break up? Is it appropriate to keep calling her 'Young Madam'?" Clarice's eyes turned cold, and every mention of "Young Madam" pricked her ears like thorns. "Besides, how was I supposed to know they had prior plans? Even if they did, I assume finding his life-saving benefactor would be more important to Mr. Justin, right?"
Indeed, Little Dove proved to be hundreds of times more important in Justin's heart than Bella ever could be!
Thinking of that bitch who once nearly cost her life on the streets, now possibly standing in the biting wind, tasting the bitterness of abandonment by the man she loved sent a thrill of satisfaction through Clarice's body, making her blood surge with excitement.
Justin's handsome face turned dark with anger, his eyes swirling with an ominous rage, sharp and ruthless like a demon's.
He may have lost his emotional capability. But that did not mean he was not capable of being angry.
"Ah!" Clarice gasped as Justin forcefully pushed her onto the sofa, her neck colliding painfully with the wooden frame of the backrest, making her gasp sharply from the sting.
"Ms. Amaryllis, you'd better pray that my benefactor truly is in Savrow." Justin shot her a gloomy look and turned on his heel, striding toward the door.
Clarice's hand went to her aching neck as she glared at his retreating back with venomous eyes.
'Pft! Angered by his own incompetence. What could you possibly do by venting your rage on me? The task given by the Boss is done. Besides, why is he even angry at me? I wasn't the one who broke the promise and abandoned Bella. It was you!
Justin's steps quickened until he was nearly running. In the freezing cold, where the temperature was a chilling minus 20 degree Celsius, he was sweating from urgency, soaking through his suit.
Just as he reached the car, his phone rang
A drop of hot sweat trickled down his jawline as he pulled the phone from his pocket, breathless.
The caller was Steven.
"Hello, Mr. Lovett." Justin answered as calmly as he could manage, though his heart pounded with a strange, uneasy rhythm.
"Mr. Salvador, where is Ms. Bella?!" Steven's anxious voice pierced his ear. "Why can I reach you but not her? Weren't you both hiking together?"
Justin's body swayed as the veins at his temple throbbed. He clutched the car door for support. "I am at Fogville right now. I didn't go hiking."
"You didn't go? Why not?!"
"Something came up. I sent Ms. Thompson a message beforehand. She should have seen it." Justin did not attempt to shirk responsibility, stating plainly, "It was my failure to keep my promise. I owe her. I will make it up to her when I'm back in Savrow."
"Make it up to her... Justin, do you hear yourself?!" Steven was furious and angrily said, " When you divorced Ms. Bella years ago, you had a car accident and suffered a concussion, but you still insisted on going to the City Hall anyway.
"You both have been together for so long, and you've always put her first no matter what! Even if the Salvador family went bankrupt or the world ended, you would never leave her behind! But now? In your eyes, has she become a burden you're eager to get rid of, someone worthless to you? Just because you don't love her anymore, can you treat her with such negligence and disrespect?"
Justin's thin lips trembled, and his breath came harshly, as though a brutal hand was gripping his throat. "Where is she now? I'll go find her."
"I can't reach her phone! I can't contact her!" Steven, who was always composed and reliable, now sounded completely frantic. "There's a storm warning tonight. Ms. Bella is stubborn. She must have gone to hike the mountain alone! I'm on my way to Mount Jaglee now!"
A deafening buzz filled Justin's head, a sharp pain that made him shudder, overwhelming him.
###chapter2339
Chapter 2339
"Justin, you bastard! If anything happens to Ms. Bella, you'll regret it for the rest of your life!"
The frigid night air was biting, with the temperature plunging to a bone-chilling minus 20 degrees Celsius.
The blizzard in the mountains grew fiercer, cutting across Bella's face like a bone-scraping razor-cold and sharp. The frenzied shadows of the trees, the howling wind around her, and the unspeakable eerie atmosphere added to the suffocating sorrow already weighing on her heart.
Bracing against the piercing wind and trudging through the snow with the support of her cane, Bella moved forward, each step deep and uncertain. She had no destination in mind and no idea where she was headed.
Her heart was broken, in a state of despair. The plummeting temperature lowered her willpower, leaving her with no motivation to keep going.
Adrift in the savage mountain wilderness, a person without the will to live on was no different than a lamb before being slaughtered. One wrong step and nature's merciless hand could easily swallow her whole.
"Justin... I hate you... I hate you so much..."
Bella forced her numb legs to keep moving as she muttered hoarsely, her eyes reddened, and tears frozen at their
corners.
She had planned to use this climb as a chance to revisit the places they'd been, to return to the cave where they had once sought refuge from a landslide, reliving their shared moments of peril.
But now, it was all a dream, turned to dust.
They had no more chances.
"Bella... it's time to wake up."
Shivering uncontrollably, Bella squeezed her eyes shut, ice crystals gathering beneath them.
"He truly doesn't want you anymore... To him, you're no longer important..."
She choked on the final words, tears escaping as she spoke. Helplessness, resentment, and pain gnawed at her heart, torn and tattered.
Suddenly, as she staggered forward, Bella's foot slipped, and she tumbled down the slope.
She rolled multiple times, her body collecting snow until she resembled a snowball before crashing heavily against a massive rock at the base of the hill.
"Ah!" Even though she was wearing a down jacket, the dull pain shot through her entire body, paralyzing her and making it impossible for her to get up from the ground.
For a long time, she laid there staring at the pitch-black sky, utterly alone.
At last, she gritted her teeth and tried to rise, only for her frozen legs to refuse to cooperate.
As despair set in, her gaze faltered.
The giant rock before her was the same one she had sheltered behind during a storm when she was eleven and lost in the mountains. It was the same place where she had first met Justin as a boy, the place where their fateful bond had begun.
After wandering around, she ended up back here.
Bella leaned weakly against the rock, curling into a pitiful ball. She laughed through her tears.
As soon as the private jet landed, Justin got into his sports car, speeding alone toward Mount Jaglee National
Forest Park
The wind howled in the blizzard, and the road conditions were poor with low visibility.
He raced along the highway, the tires skidding dangerously several times, narrowly avoiding serious accidents by the sheer force of his driving skill.
Just three kilometers from Mount Jaglee National Forest Park, another black sports car roared from behind, racing alongside him and matching his speed.
Justin's palms glistened with sweat as he clutched the steering wheel. He sensed danger. The sinister air clung to his nerves like frost.
He suddenly glanced over. His eyes widened in shock.
The window of the car beside him rolled down.
In the raging cold wind, Justin saw a handsome face, chiseled but ice-cold.
It was Jace!
Justin pressed his lips together, his chest rising and falling rapidly, his temples throbbing intensely. The very next moment, his eyes suddenly widened in shock.
Jace, his expression as calm and composed as a still pond, maintained a firm grip on the steering wheel with one hand.
His other hand was raised as he aimed a gun at Justin's head!
###chapter2340
Chapter 2340
A bone-chilling cold surged through Justin's chest.
Facing the gun, there was only a thought that shot through Justin's mind-no matter what, he had to survive and find Bella!
Normally, Justin kept a gun hidden under his car seat, but in his haste, he had taken a different car, one without any hidden weapon.
But after a brief flash of panic, Justin's military instincts kicked in, and he reacted instantly, jerking the steering wheel to slam the side of his car into Jace's vehicle with full force.
The black sports car's headlight shattered, skidding wildly across the snowy road.
A proud man by nature, Jace turned competitive with a fierce desire to win, causing him to pull the trigger. Bang-!
A bullet sliced through the icy air, shattering the car window.
From the beginning, Jace had not intended to kill Justin.
His instructions from the Boss were clear, to stop Justin from meeting Bella. Grant did not say to kill Justin.
The bullet tore through Justin's arm, sending blood spraying across the car window.
His handsome features paled, and a muffled groan slipped out. But Justin clenched the steering wheel tightly, his foot still pressed firmly on the accelerator, refusing to slow down.
No matter what chaos unfolded or whether the world turned upside down, Justin would not hesitate to look for Bella.
It seemed that the fire in Justin's heart had been rekindled, fueling a powerful drive within him.
Witnessing Justin's unwavering determination, even in the face of a gun, Jace felt a pang in his chest before his expression hardened.
Jace leaned out the window and unloaded three shots at the car's tires.
The shrill sound of screeching tires pierced the chilly night as the sports car's tire burst, causing the vehicle to spin wildly on the deserted highway before crashing with a thunderous impact into the mountainside.
Fortunately, the blizzard had cleared the road. Otherwise, the outcome could have been much more disastrous.
The wrecked car's mangled front sent smoke billowing from the crumpled hood, with shattered glass scattered across the ground.
Jace's face was cast in darkness, cold as ice, his eyes gleaming with the deadly gaze of a hunter. His black leather boots crunched over the jagged shards as he approached step by step.
Suddenly, the car door swung open.
Jace narrowed his eyes, swiftly lifting his gun.
The next moment, Justin stumbled out of the car with blood trickling down his forehead, soaking his hair and trailing down his battered face.
Blood dripped along his jawline, splattering silently onto the road.
An agonizing, searing pain ripped through Justin, an unceasing torrent threatening to tear him apart from within. But his willpower kept him standing. Among all of Savrow, who else could endure this?
"Stop," Jace said coldly as he pointed his gun at Justin's blood streaked face.
Yet Justin acted as if he did not hear, taking a step forward.
His eyes were resolute, fierce, and unyielding.
At this moment, on the brink of life and death, the world seemned to pale in comparison to the determination in his gaze.
"Justin, don't you understand English?!" Jace clenched his jaw, brows sharp with menace. "I told you to stop!" Blood blurred Justin's vision, but not a trace of fear showed in his eyes. His voice was hoarse, as if scorched by flammes. "I'm going to see Bella, and you can't stop me."
"If I can't, then how about this?" Jace flicked the safety of his gun, the sound of a promise of danger.
All it would take was a pull on the trigger, and Justin would definitely die here.
"Are you going to kill me?" Justin locked eyes with Jace, his gaze unwavering. "What do you think?"
"You won't."
Jace's lips curved in a cold sneer. "Oh? Where does that confidence come from?"
"Along the way, you had countless chances to put a bullet in my head, but you didn't." Justin's bloodshot eyes squeezed shut for a moment before reopening, his words clear and deliberate. "Your goal is only to stop me from reaching Bella, isn't it?"
Jace's gaze locked on his. "If you already know that, then don't force me to do something harsh, Mr. Salvador." "Back at Rose Island, you stopped us from rescuing Bella under Christopher's orders... Now that he's dead, we can forget that happened. But who's the one pulling your strings this time, trying to stop me?" Justin let out a breath of cold air, suppressing the pain.
"No one sent me. I simply can't stand the sight of you. I think you're unworthy to face Ms. Thompson again." Jace's mouth quivered with cold mockery. "There's someone more suited to be with Ms. Thompson than you. It's over between you. She doesn't need you anymore."
Justin's dark eyes grew colder, his voice deep. "Who is more suited then? Grant, perhaps?"
Justin could feel the weight of the words weighing on his heart as they escaped his lips.
Unexpectedly, the words affected Jace directly. His eyes narrowed, and his lips pressed firmly together.
###chapter2341
Chapter 2341
Those subtle expressions were swiftly caught by Justin, causing a faint glimmer in his dark eyes.
Not wanting to waste time debating with Jace, Justin gritted his teeth and turned around to head toward Mount Jaglee.
But before he could take a few steps, a bullet struck the ground right in front of him.
Even so, Justin kept his gaze fixed forward, refusing to stop, until another bullet shot through his right shoulder. Bang!
The intense pain made Justin's tall body tremble uncontrollably. He nearly collapsed, but he forced himself to stay upright.
Luckily, the injury was to his right shoulder this time. After all, his left shoulder could not withstand any more damage. One more injury and he would be completely crippled.
"One more step, and it'll be your left leg next." Jace spoke with a teasing tone, but his eyes were intense and urgent. "Come on, Justin, don't tell me you're trying to end up like your brother, stuck in a wheelchair for the rest of your life."
"If you're going to do it, just get it over with already." Justin's breathing was ragged as he clutched his injured shoulder and kept moving forward. "As long as I'm still breathing, I have to find Bella. She went up the mountain alone on a night like this, with such a fierce storm. Something terrible could happen to her!"
Jace froze in place, staring at Justin's resolute, unwavering figure.
The gun in his hand trembled slightly.
"Jace, if you want to target me or even take my life, we can settle this later. I won't back down. But now... Please let me find her."
with each word said, Justin felt his eyes turn red. A metallic taste filled his throat as he pleaded. "I'm begging you." For a moment, there was silence behind him. Taking that as permission, Justin quickened his pace.
"Justin." Jace suddenly called out.
Justin stopped, frowning as he turned to look back.
Amidst the howling wind and snow, their eyes met.
Jace abruptly raised his hand and tossed a black toward Justin.
Justin caught it mid-air with his left hand and opened his palm, only to be shocked by what he saw.
It was Jace's car keys.
"Geez, you really are an idiot. What a complete mess." Jace sneered coldly, turning on his heel and striding away without a second glance. "Remember what you just said. Next time, I won't be holding back."
Clutching the car keys tightly, Justin stared after Jace's retreating figure, his voice hoarse and barely audible." Hugh..."
With Jace's car, Justin reached the base of Mount Jaglee in less than fifteen minutes.
By the time he arrived, Xavier had already assembled a search and rescue team to scour the mountain for Bella. They ran into Justin just as they were about to ascend.
"Mr. Salvador?!" Xavier exclaimed, surprised to see him.
Under the glare of light, Xavier stared at Justin in shock. His face was pale, drained of color. "What took you so long? And what's the matter with you? You hurt or something?"
On the way, Justin had cleaned the blood from his hands and face with snow, but he still looked terrible.
The injury to his right shoulder was particularly painful, despite the cold slowing its progression.
The agony was excruciating, akin to being skinned alive, torturing him relentlessly with every passing second. "I'm fine. Where's Bella? Is there any news?" Justin asked urgently.
"No! Ms. Thompson's secretary contacted me. He's on his way here, but I will lead the rescue team up now to search for her. Ms. Thompson has some mountaineering experience and basic survival skills. Let's hope she's holding on."
Even as Xavier spoke those words, he was deeply worried. "But the weather is so harsh tonight! If she stumbles and falls off a cliff or gets buried in the snow"
Upon hearing this, those distressing thoughts sent shivers all over Justin. "I'll go up the mountain with you!"
"Mr. Salvador, what's going on between you and Ms. Thompson? Did you break up? Did you get into an argument?" Xavier sighed and looked at Justin with resentment.
"I know this is a private matter between the both of you and I shouldn't meddle. But Ms. Thompson is devoted to you. How could you bear to let her down? You don't know, do you? She was here all afternoon, waiting for you alone in the freezing cold, staring up the mountain, hoping you'd show up. I've known her for years, and I've never seen her looking so pitiful and heartbroken. That kind of pain-pouring everything into someone and getting nothing in return-it's unbearable just to think about!"
Justin's heart sank as he imagined Bella standing alone at the base of the mountain, waiting for him with quiet desperation.
His lips trembled, and his already unsteady frame seemed to crumble further under the weight of guilt.
###chapter2342
Chapter 2342
Snowflakes swirled all around, and the wind howled.
Jace found himself stranded, forced to walk alone through the vast, snowy expanse.
His thoughts drifted to Bella, trapped in danger, her fate uncertain. Then to Justin, bleeding heavily with a bullet in his shoulder yet resolute in his pursuit to find her.
Jace's calloused hand trembled as he pressed it against his chest, his heart pounding for reasons he could not quite explain.
"Ugh-!"
Without warning, a scaring pain throbbed in his head. As darkness clouded his vision, his legs buckled, and he tumbled into the snow.
The pain was agonizing, piercing deep into his mind and chest. His eyes bulged as if they would pop out of his head. He struggled to breathe, his shaking hand reaching for the chain around his neck where he had hidden the medication that the Boss had given him.
These pills were supposed to bring him peace, ease his suffering, and save his life. But his fingers fumbled, and the pill tumbled into the snow, vanishing in an instant.
A buzzing noise filled his head as his trembling hands desperately scoured the snow, consumed by a panic unlike any he had felt before.
The agonizing pain only grew worse.
In a desperate move, Jace tore off his shirt and buried his scarred body into the freezing snow, seeking relief from the biting cold.
To his surprise, it worked.
Slowly, Jace opened his bloodshot eyes. Though he still felt a bit uneasy and his head throbbed faintly, the worst of the pain had passed.
As he got dressed, Jace turned pale when his phone started ringing.
Seeing Clarice's name on the screen, he felt a mix of annoyance and unease.
He let it ring for a while before he finally answered, pressing it slowly to his ear.
"Jace, I heard you called for backup. What happened? Are you hurt?" Clarice spoke in a flat, cold tone like she was just going through the motions.
Jace's eyes flickered as he replied in a low voice, "The car is gone. I need a ride back."
"Is the car gone? What happened to it?" Clarice questioned, her tone skeptical.
"Justin took it."
"What?!" Clarice said in disbelief. "You didn't stop him? You failed your mission?"
Jace's chest tightened. Then, as if possessed, he lied for the first time in his life.
"The Boss didn't order me to kill him. I crashed his car and fought with him, but he took my gun and shot me, leaving me injured."
Clarice fell silent for a moment, seemingly accepting Jace's explanation. After all, Justin was once the top recruit of his military academy, a man of exceptional abilities. It made sense that Jace might lose.
"Our people are on their way to pick you up. But this failure will have severe consequences. Think carefully on your way back about how you will explain this to the Boss."
with that, she hung up.
Jace stared up at the night sky, taking a deep breath of the freezing air.
After a moment of thought, he raised his hand and shot himself in the left shoulder.
The pristine white snow quickly turned crimson with his blood.
Pain etched sweat on his forehead, yet his expression was calm, even determined, with a slight smirk at the corners of his lips.
"This will be my explanation to the Boss."
Dragging his injured body, Justin followed Xavier and the rescue team deeper into the forest.
"Mr. Salvador, your complexion looks terrible. Are you sure you're okay?" Xavier saw beads of sweat continuously rolling down Justin's face and could not help but worry. "We can continue the search for Ms. Thompson. Her secretary has already informed her family, and more help is on the way. You should head back down and wait."
"No, I'm going to find her." Justin's vision wavered between clarity and blur, but he numbly walked forward." This is something I owe her."
"Sigh. You two... You were once the talk of the town in Savrow, the perfect couple. How did it come to this? It's such a pity..."
Justin's lips pressed into a thin, pale line. He lowered his head. Each step he took left deep imprints in the snow, as if carving the weight of his guilt into his heart.
A storm of emotions brewed within him, silent yet explosive, the pain searing through his chest.
As much as he hated to admit it, Justin could not deny the truth. He regretted it. Searching for Little Dove was important, but not if the price was Bella's safety.
"Captain Xavier! We've found a trail of footprints!" Someone shouted in excitement.
Justin's previously despondent eyes sharpened instantly. He rushed forward, recognizing the tracks at a glance- they were a woman's.
No one else could have left them but Bella.
"We're on the right path. She passed through here. The storm is fierce, but judging by her stride and pace, she hasn't gone far." For the first time in what felt like hours, a glimmer of hope surfaced in Justin's hoarse voice.
Someone added grimly, "But the footprints disappeared here. They must have been covered by the snow." Justin's heart sank once more.
###chapter2343
Chapter 2343
Xavier frowned and was extremely worried. "We've been yelling for Ms. Thompson this whole time, but with so many people shouting, she should have heard us if she was anywhere close by!"
Justin's voice was low and steady. "The wind is howling, and the snow is muffling and scattering the sound. Bella might not be able to hear us."
The name slipped from his mouth without him even realizing it.
"I'm afraid Ms. Thompson might have passed out, fallen somewhere, or lost consciousness. If that's the case... It's not looking good. In this kind of cold, she could freeze to death!"
The people around them exchanged uneasy glances, their hearts heavy.
Xavier was not being overly negative. The harsh reality was that Mount Jaglee claimed one or two lives every year. Given the unpredictable dangers in the mountains, anything was possible.
"We'll split up to search." Justin gazed into the pitch-black forest, his chest tight with terror and unease. His trembling voice carried his unwavering resolve. "If I can't find her, I will never leave."
Xavier hesitated. "But if..."
"If she's gone, I'll stay here with her. I'll keep my word." Justin turned and disappeared into the night, separating from the group without hesitation.
Xavier watched as his figure faded into the dense darkness, letting out a heavy sigh. "They say the rich and powerful breed hopeless romantics. I can't argue with that."
As Justin trudged through the relentless snow, his mind raced.
Bella had used her hard-earned favor with him to ask for one thing to go hiking with her.
It could not have been just a simple hike.
Perhaps she wanted to relive their past together.
If he were Bella, alone in the mountains, where would he go?
Justin's heart pounded as he forced himself to remain alert. Step by step, he pushed forward until he arrived at the cave where they had once taken shelter from a landslide years ago.
The empty cave greeted him with silence, yet vivid memories of their near-death experience flooded his mind. --"If the heavens won't protect you, then I will."
That solemn promise he had made to Bella still lingered, unforgettable in his mind.
With a thud, he felt his vision spin as he collapsed to his knees, his body finally reaching its limit. "Bella... I must find you..."
Lying in the snow, Justin clenched a handful of icy dirt. Over and over, he struggled to rise despite the searing pain coursing through him. "I will find you!"
The temperature had dropped drastically, the cold biting and ruthless.
Bella was curled up behind a boulder, her body nearly buried under a thick layer of snow. A passerby would have easily missed the signs of life hidden beneath the frozen shroud.
With her eyes tightly shut and her lips a chilling purple hue, Bella was deep in the clutches of hypothermia, her consciousness fading away
Before long, her body would be completely frozen, inching closer to the brink of death.
In her hazy state, Bella's mind drifted back to happy memories of her warm, loving childhood.
The biting cold no longer felt so harsh. Instead, she experienced a comforting sense of warmth.
Her late mother appeared in her mind, wrapping Bella in a loving, reassuring hug.
"Don't be scared, my sweet Bella." Her mother whispered gently, stroking her hair. "Mommy's here. You've worked so hard. Rest now, my love. I'll watch over you..."
"Mom..." Bella's tearful voice was faint, barely audible. "I'm so tired, Mom... Justin doesn't want me anymore. I can't keep going... Mom, please take me with you... Please, Mom..."
As her consciousness teetered on the brink, a faint, familiar voice suddenly cut through the void, calling out to her. "Bella!"
'Was that... Justin?" Bella's body jolted as if struck by lightning.
She opened her eyes, seeing the hazy, shadowy figure before her.
Her mother's voice echoed in her ears once again. "Bella, Justin has already abandoned you. He doesn't care about you. Why would he come for you? Rest now, darling. Sleep... Just sleep..."
A bitter smile surfaced on Bella's lips as despair washed over her. 'Right, how could it possibly be Justin?'
She no longer held even the faintest hope for that man.
Yet, in the next moment, Bella felt a pair of strong hands gripping her shoulders, the pressure of his fingers digging into her flesh as if reaching into her very soul.
Her eyes fluttered open, and she saw Justin's intense gaze piercing through the darkness, bright as the stars and
sun.
###chapter2344
Chapter 2344
"Justin...?" Bella looked at him in a hazy, unfocused daze, her mind drifting and muddled, her presence faint like a delicate spring breeze.
"It's me!" Justin saw her pale face drained of color, her frail body trembling uncontrollably.
It reminded him so vividly of the tiny kitten he had rescued from an alley on a bitterly cold winter night as a child -cold and on the verge of freezing to death.
A strong wave of heartache stirred and burned in his chest.
"J-Justin..." Bella's lips, stiffened by the cold, struggled to say his name.
Then she smiled bitterly as tears streamed down her face. Her voice was laced with self-mockery. "It seems... I'm really about to freeze to death... How could it be him... He's not coming back.... He doesn't want me anymore..."
Her words faded as her dazed gaze grew heavy, and her body started to sway to the side.
"Bella! You're not allowed to sleep!" Justin felt a stabbing pain in his chest as he watched her consciousness fade away before his eyes.
Despite his own pain, he opened his arms and pulled her close, saying, "It's me, Justin! Open your eyes and look at me!"
A person suffering from hypothermia was in grave danger when they gave up hope of survival and gave in to the temptation to sleep.
Justin was terrified that if Bella closed her eyes at that moment, she might never open them again.
Bella looked at the man before her, tears welling in her eyes. Her heart throbbed painfully, quivering uncontrollably.
It had been so long since she had seen the spark in his eyes. Since he had awoken from his coma, his once vibrant gaze had grown dull, drowning in shadows deeper than the night and colder than the snow.
Yet ironically, at this very moment, he was the last person she wanted to see.
Bella let out a faint laugh and closed her eyes. She mustered her last ounce of strength to push away his embrace." You might be Justin... But... I don't need you anymore..."
Justin's brow furrowed as he felt an unbearable ache in his chest. He tried to tell himself that Bella was just rambling from the cold, but her words hurt him deeply.
Brushing aside her weak protests, Justin forcefully removed her jacket, which was full of snow.
"Don't touch me!" Bella said weakly as tears welled up in her eyes. She had barely any strength left to resist him.
With a serious look on his face, Justin remained silent as he took off his coat and draped it over Bella's shivering body.
Then he retrieved a thermos from his backpack and soaked her scarf in hot water. Gently, he pressed the warm cloth against her chest, hoping to provide her with some much-needed warmth.
After his attentive first aid, Bella slowly blinked, and the ashen hue of her face showed faint signs of improvement. But she was still in a critical condition. Her body was still dangerously cold.
Justin did not hesitate. Braving the biting wind, he scooped her up in his arms and began walking forward, each step sinking deep into the snow.
"Justin..." Bella weakly leaned against him, her voice as soft as a whisper carried off by the wind.
"I'm here," Justin answered immediately.
"I was too foolish and stubborn before..." Bella said as tears welled up in her eyes. "Now, I truly don't want to love you anymore..."
Justin froze mid-step. His arms trembled, holding her tighter, before continuing forward.
His voice, deep and hoarse, was barely a murmur. "Let's get you out of here first. We'll talk about everything else in the future."
###chapter2345

"Future? There is no 'future' anymore..." Bella broke down in tears, her tears soaking his clothes. "Justin... I'm so exhausted... Sometimes, I even feel like it would be better if you just forgot about me."
She continued, "It would be better than this... Every time I look at you, I'm filled with hope, only to have it crushed into despair time and time again..."
Justin's eyes turned red as he listened to her calm yet heartbreaking voice. Inside, a tidal wave of emotion surged, crashing into his throat and leaving him speechless.
Fortunately, Justin found Bella just in time and gave her emergency first aid.
After being rushed to the hospital, Bella fell into a coma but narrowly escaped the life threatening situation.
She was placed in the ICU for further observation. Apart from treating her frostbite wounds, doctors had to check if her internal organs and brain had sustained any damage.
The gravity of the situation left no room for secrecy. Steven immediately informed Wyatt, as well as Axel and Ralph in Savrow. Even Asher, who had been abroad searching for traces of Arnold and had been silent for so long, was informed.
The Thompson family hurriedly made their way to the Savrow Hospital. A long, restless night undoubtedly lay ahead.
Meanwhile, Justin quietly went to have his gunshot wound treated. The doctor sternly warned him that had he delayed any longer, he would have lost the use of his right arm entirely.
When Ian came rushing into the hospital room in a panic, the nurse had just finished bandaging Justin's wounds. They covered his forehead, arm, shoulder, and ripped-up torso.
The bandages were stained with faint traces of blood-a disconcerting sight. Yet despite his injuries, he maintained an unwavering posture, his back as straight as ever, not even the slightest slouch.
"Mr. Salvador!" Ian's throat tightened, his eyes brimming with tears.
The nurse stepped out, and Justin gave Ian a brief, casual glance before struggling to put on the hospital gown. But rescuing Bella had taken a heavy toll on him. He could barely muster the strength to dress himself at that moment.
"Mr. Salvador, please don't move! Let me help you!" Ian quickly stepped forward, carefully helping Justin into the gown and assisting him to lean against the bed.
He stared at Justin's battered and bruised body, each wound a testament to his devotion to Bella. Ian could not hold back his tears any longer.
"Mr. Salvador... I'm begging you! Don't scare me like this again... If anything else happens to you, I won't want to live either!"
Justin's gaze deepened as he looked at him. "What? Are you planning to die for me?"
Ian sniffled, remaining silent.
"Your devotion should be for the one you love, not for me," Justin murmured, lowering his lashes with visible exhaustion.
His voice was calm and distant, but beneath the surface lay a quiet warmth.
Though his words seemed cold and unfeeling, they carried a protective undertone. No matter what, he did not want those around him to suffer or worry.
But his way of expressing it often came across as detached, leaving others with a bitter chill.
"Who attacked you? I'll investigate and make them pay for what they've done!" Ian said as he wiped his nose, his expression livid with rage.
"Revenge? That guy could take you down with one hand tied behind his back."
Justin closed his eyes, the image of Jace's tall, razor-sharp figure flashing in his mind.
The shift in Jace's demeanor when Grant's name was casually mentioned made Justin question everything about the elder brother he once thought he knew-a man who always exuded angelic warmth.
"Jace..." His eyes darkened, his voice contemplative.
Ian asked cautiously, "Who?"
Jace did not intend to kill him. What Jace wanted was clear-to stop him from meeting Bella, no matter the cost.
###chapter2346

Even without his help, Bella would have been rescued by her family and the emergency team.
This made the intentions of the one manipulating Jace abundantly clear.
But why had Jace let him go at the critical moment? Had he suddenly changed his ways, or was he truly Bella's fifth brother?
A flood of thoughts overwhelmed Justin, leaving him no time for deep reflection before a knock echoed at the door.
Ian hurried over to open it, only to freeze in shock. "Chairman Thompson?"
Supported by Axel, Wyatt stood at the door. His gaze was heavy as he spoke. "Is Mr. Salvador inside? May I have a word with him?"
Ian quickly stepped aside, respectfully inviting them into the room.
When Justin saw Wyatt's unexpected visit, he struggled to stand despite his exhaustion." Chairman Thompson..."
"You're injured. Don't move around carelessly!" Wyatt immediately stepped forward, pressing down on Justin's arm to stop him.
Seeing the man who had endured so much to save his sister reduced to such a frail state, Axel felt a wave of pain, guilt, and sadness wash through him.
"Chairman Thompson... I'm sorry." Justin's pale lips parted slightly. His voice was low, tinged with bitterness.
He did not know what to say, but he felt the need to apologize to Bella's father and to Bella herself.
"Justin, there's no need to say anything. I don't blame you." Wyatt's eyes were filled with sincerity as his voice wavered. "My daughter has always been headstrong and willful. She has made it this far safely because you've been there to protect and support her. For that, my family owes you. I should be the one apologizing to you."
Justin felt his chest tighten, his heart suffocating with pain.
"To be honest, I have long regarded you as one of my own. In my eyes, you are no different from Asher or Axel-you are like a son to me."
Wyatt's gaze softened, a glimmer of tears shining in his eyes.
"Even though you and Bella are no longer together, I won't hold that against you. If you ever face difficulties at Salvador Corporation, don't hesitate to come to me. I will help you without question. After all, you have extended your hand to me many times before. I owe you that much."
Axel stood in a daze.
On their way over, he had been filled with unease, afraid Wyatt might take out his frustrations on Justin because of their breakup and Bella's current state. But his father's understanding and magnanimity left him speechless.
It was no wonder so many people willingly followed Wyatt, keeping him at the top for decades.
Justin's throat burned, rendering him unable to speak. He thought of the bitter, despondent words Bella had said to him, and his heart clenched.
"Chairman Thompson, I..."
"I no longer insist that you stay with Bella. Whatever choice you make, we will respect it." Wyatt's voice grew hoarse as his emotions surged. "In the past, you loved Bella and willingly sacrificed for her. That was only natural. But now... If the love is gone, I will not let her continue to burden you or drag you down."
'No, that's not true!' Justin thought as his breathing grew heavy. His battered body struggled to rise. Just as he was about to speak, the door to the hospital room swung open abruptly.
Entering their view was Grant, seated alone in his wheelchair.
###chapter2347

Justin's gaze darkened, and his cracked lips pressed into a thin line.
Ian's instincts rang like a warning bell. He immediately moved to stand between the bed and the intruder, adopting a protective stance.
Grant's normally calm and composed face was now uncharacteristically grave and cold.
Wyatt frowned slightly, noticing Grant's sudden entrance. The faint anger between his brows made it clear that he was not here for a friendly visit.
"Mr. Grant, Mr. Justin is injured. Who knows which idiot forgot to leash their dog and let him out?" Ian gritted his teeth, his words clearly intended to send Grant away. "He's not fit to receive guests right now. Please leave!"
Grant's expression darkened even further, though only slightly.
In truth, Ian did not know who was behind Justin's injuries. His outburst was simply a way to vent his frustration. Unfortunately, what he said in jest hit a nerve with those present.
Not wanting Wyatt to witness the family drama, Justin sternly reprimanded Ian. "Ian, don't be disrespectful to my brother."
Ignoring Ian entirely, Grant turned to Wyatt, his lips curving politely. Despite the tension, he maintained his refined demeanor. "Chairman Thompson, my apologies for the interruption."
Wyatt offered a faint, ambiguous smile. "You're too polite, Grant. I'm just an outsider. You and Justin are brothers. If anything, I'm the one intruding on your time."
"Chairman Thompson, I hope you'll forgive my boldness, but I'd like a moment alone with my brother."
It was clear Grant wanted Wyatt to leave.
Wyatt glanced at Justin with concern. "Justin, take care of yourself. I won't disturb your conversation."
Wyatt had always admired the elegance and grace Grant exuded, like a gentle spring breeze. Yet, for reasons he could not explain, he could not warm up to Grant. There was something intangible, like an invisible barrier, that made him want to keep his distance.
"Grant, whatever you want to say, you can say it here," Justin replied calmly.
After everything that had transpired, Justin found himself doubting this man who had once saved his life. He did not want to be alone with Grant now. "Chairman Thompson is someone I deeply respect. I haven't seen him in a long time and would like to spend more time with him."
Wyatt's heart softened, a faint warmth rising within.
"If it's inconvenient, then perhaps we can discuss this tomorrow," Justin added, his lowered gaze signaling his unwillingness to continue.
A shadow passed over Grant's face, his eyes growing colder.
He exhaled deeply, his voice hoarse as he finally spoke. "Justin, Ms. Thompson's recent ordeal nearly cost her life in the mountains. I just spoke with her attending doctor. She sustained two severe frostbite injuries. For a young woman, such an extreme cold can have long-lasting effects on her health and potentially impair other bodily functions."
The atmosphere in the room turned oppressive.
Justin's temples throbbed, his fists clenching tightly beneath the blanket.
He could not help but picture Bella curled up in the snow, looking at him with hesitance. Her fragile figure etched deeply in his mind, chilling him to the bone.
Wyatt's face paled and his already frail body swayed. Axel rushed to steady his father, his gaze filled with worry as he turned to Grant. "Mr. Grant, what are you implying about my sister?"
Grant hesitated, a hint of sorrow clouding his expression.
At that moment, Clarice, clad in a white coat, seized the opportunity to enter. She raised her voice as if on cue. "Excessive exposure to cold can severely harm a young woman, possibly affecting her fertility or leading to various gynecological issues."
She then cast a deliberate glance at Justin, whose face had turned ashen. "But, as I've heard, Ms. Thompson had a miscarriage once and is already unable to conceive. So in a way, you could say she's spared from that concern."
Her casual comment was as cutting as a dagger, wounding hearts and shattering defenses. It pierced Justin like a blade and left the Thompson family members reeling.
Ian's eyes burned with anger. He balled his fists and stepped forward, his voice shaking with fury. "You've gone too far! Bringing this up in front of her family-are you trying to provoke them? What are you playing at with your malicious intentions?"
Clarice widened her eyes, feigning innocence as she cast a pleading look toward Grant for support.
Grant said calmly, "Clarice was too rude, but what she said is the truth."
Then his sharp gaze pierced through the room, landing on Justin.
"Justin, this incident with Ms. Thompson-her injuries, her suffering -it's entirely your fault. If not for you, she wouldn't have gone into the mountains alone. She wouldn't have been in danger.
"Did it never occur to you why someone like her, who is experienced in mountaineering, would venture into a blizzard despite the risks? Why didn't she turn back and choose to face the storm instead of retreating to safety?"
Each question hit like a hammer, shattering any defense Justin had. His lips parted, but no sound emerged. It was as if his throat had been sealed.
Grant leaned closer, his words precise and unrelenting. "Because you broke your promise to her."
"Promise?" Wyatt and Axel were equally stunned.
Clarice, well aware of the truth, chose to remain silent, her usual cleverness evident in her restraint.
"She waited for you, even though you didn't come. She stubbornly climbed the mountain, risking her life because she was unwilling to accept the truth." Grant's voice grew colder, his eyes shadowed with unspoken fury.
"She couldn't believe that the man who once loved her so deeply, who cherished her as though she were his entire world, could now turn his back on her so easily for another woman. She must have been waiting, hoping, and refusing to believe your heart had grown so cold. Refusing to believe you wouldn't come."
At the bedside, Grant leaned in closer, his breath like ice. The lines at the corners of his lips deepened, resembling cracks that were hiding something terrifying hidden beneath.
"But you let her down, Justin. Whether you admit it or not, the facts are clear. Ms. Thompson is no longer important to you."
###chapter2348

Justin's face turned pale as blood drained from his face. His throat constricted, leaving him feeling suffocated.
Wyatt and Axel stood frozen in shock, their bodies trembling.
Axel immediately noticed Wyatt's arm turn rigid and his hand ice-cold. Bella was the apple of their family's eye. Yet, entangled in this relationship with Justin, she had been hurt time and again physically and emotionally.
Even if Justin had genuinely loved Bella, even if he had humbled himself to the point of risking his body and life for Bella and her family, could Wyatt truly forgive and move on after seeing his cherished daughter narrowly escape death again?
More importantly, Justin now lacked the emotional capacity to love. He no longer loved Bella...
This truth was a thorn lodged deep in Wyatt's heart, impossible to ignore.
Grant's eyes never left Justin, their cold depths concealing an uncharted abyss. His tone was steady but sharp enough to cut through flesh.
"You made a mistake, not just in breaking your promise to Ms. Thompson, knowing full well how much it meant to her. It's not just about betraying her trust. Your mistake is that despite knowing you no longer love her, you reveled in the devotion of an exceptional, dignified woman. You let her abase herself time and time again for your sake, enduring humiliation and heartbreak, all while clinging to hope you cruelly snatched away with despair."
Justin's knuckles turned white, gripping the bedsheet as if to anchor himself. His head buzzed as if he were struck in the head, his vision dimming.
He had heard these same words from Bella just the night before.
But coming from Grant now, they carried even more venom, piercing his soul, leaving no room for defense.
Once Grant was done venting, his composure returned. He reclined against the wheelchair, his long lashes lowering as though in regret.
"I'd originally intended to say all of this behind closed doors with just the two of us. Ms. Thompson is the light of Chairman Thompson's life. I didn't want to cause discomfort or strain your relationship with the Thompson family. But Justin, you denied me this
opportunity. I'm left wondering what I've done to deserve this growing distance between us."
Grant sighed softly, lamenting helplessly. "Perhaps the profound bond you shared with Ms. Thompson has already eroded to this point. As for the brotherhood between you and me, it's nothing but a relic of the past, something I won't force upon you. I won't blame you."
Throughout it all, Justin remained silent.
His eyes, usually sparkling with charm, were bloodshot as if he had just endured centuries of torment.
Standing nearby, Ian was beside himself with frustration, almost jumping on the spot. Serve this bastard right to be wheelchair-bound! Karma, plain and simple!'
Anyone with eyes could see that Grant was intentionally driving a wedge between Justin and Wyatt. He was consumed with envy, bitterness, and malice.
In the end, the Thompson father and son left the room, their faces heavy with worry. Out of courtesy as the eldest son of the Salvador family, Grant followed them to see them off.
Inside the hospital room, only Justin and Ian remained.
"Mr. Salvador! You're a decisive leader in the business world and a master negotiator. No one can outmatch you!" Ian was pacing, flustered. "Just now, Grant was clearly provoking you, trying to ruin your relationship with Chairman Thompson. He's slinging mud at you! "Think about everything you've done to win back Young Madam's heart! To gain Chairman Thompson's approval, you nearly gambled your life away! Are you going to let Grant undo all your hard work, sacrifices, and efforts with a few venomous words?!"
The unspoken confrontation from earlier lingered in the air like invisible daggers.
Already gravely injured, Justin now felt utterly drained, as though his very soul had been hollowed out.
After a long silence, his tightly clenched fingers loosened slightly. He opened his eyes, his gaze dark and resolute. "Ian, prepare my clothes. I'm getting discharged."
Ian's face blanched in shock.
"Mr. Salvador! You can't! The doctor said you've lost a lot of blood. While the bleeding is under control, you still need to stay for observation_?
"No." Justin cut him off, his voice steady despite the exhaustion. "My father and Grandpa must not know I'm in the hospital."
Taking a deep breath, Justin suppressed the pain and decisively swung his legs over the bed. He stood tall, his posture as upright and commanding as it had been during his years in the military.
"If word gets out that I'm injured, the Salvador Corporation will undoubtedly be affected. I cannot fall, and I cannot give anyone the chance to exploit my vulnerability."
###chapter2349

Bella remained unconscious. Though Wyatt was physically and emotionally exhausted, he stayed by her side, waiting for her to wake up.
However, his heart was in turmoil, aching with pain so sharp it threatened to overwhelm him. Afraid of losing composure in front of his family, Wyatt quietly slipped onto the balcony, where the biting cold wind greeted him. Alone, he wiped away his tears.
Throughout his life, Wyatt had been a man of iron resolve. Tears were a rarity, but every time they fell, it had been for Bella or her mother.
"Chairman Thompson." A calm, pleasing voice interrupted him from behind.
Wyatt quickly hid any sign of his vulnerability and turned around. Seeing Grant, his expression cooled, a subtle distance creeping into his eyes. Nonetheless, he composed himself and nodded courteously, showing no hint of distress.
"Grant, the wind here is harsh. With your condition, you should rest early."
"Chairman Thompson, about yesterday... My younger brother handled things poorly. He went to Fogville to find someone important to him, which caused him to miss his appointment with Ms. Thompson. I'd like to apologize on his behalf."
Grant's gaze was sincere, carrying an unprecedented intensity. "I've arranged for the country's best specialists to evaluate Ms. Thompson's condition. Whether it's frostbite or any other issues, I will do everything in my power to ensure her recovery."
"Your gesture is appreciated, but the Thompson family can afford to hire any doctor we need. There's no need to trouble you." Wyatt's refusal was immediate, accompanied by a composed smile tinged with a hint of resignation.
"I've known Justin for quite some time now. This is the first I've heard of him traveling such a distance for a girl. She must be incredibly important to him—perhaps a lifesaver, a friend bound by life and death?"
Grant hesitated, just about to respond, when Wyatt cut him off.
"For him to set aside his appointment with my daughter to see this girl shows he's a man of sincerity, someone who values meaningful relationships over fleeting sentiments. Were it me, I'd have made the same choice."
Wyatt's sharp gaze fell on Grant, his smile faint but pointed. "Besides, I heard from Steven that Justin informed Bella of his urgent matter through a message and a phone call, though she didn't receive them. As for her going up the mountain alone and getting into trouble, that was her being willful and stubborn again. Consider it a lesson to teach her some caution and maturity. After all, no one can indulge her unconditionally for her entire life." Saying this, Wyatt's eyes reddened slightly, a wave of bitterness swelling in his chest.
Once, Justin had done exactly that-loved and indulged Bella without limits, without
question.
"So, there's no need for you to apologize on behalf of your brother. I understand the kind of man he is, and I don't blame him."
Grant's smile did not reach his eyes. "Knowing you feel this way puts my mind at ease." Wyatt gave him a measured look before turning and walking away, never glancing back.
Grant's expression darkened instantly. His pitch-black eyes seemed to seethe with a destructive energy, ready to obliterate everything in their path.
He had miscalculated. Despite all his planning, he had underestimated Wyatt's unshakable trust in Justin-a trust that ran deep into his bones.
In the underground parking lot, Clarice pushed Grant's wheelchair toward a luxury van.
"Sir, Jace is waiting for you at the villa. He's been shot in the shoulder, and his injuries are severe. His car was totaled too."
She lowered her voice as she leaned closer to his ears. "From the looks of it, he and Justin genuinely fought each other to a standstill. It doesn't seem staged."
Grant's face was eerily calm, but the cold emanating from him made even Clarice uneasy. "Grant." The deep voice caught them both off guard. They turned to see Justin approaching. The two brothers locked eyes, the tension between them as sharp as drawn blades.
"I have a question for you." Justin's piercing gaze bore into Grant, every trace of fatigue replaced with steely resolve. "No one knows about the agreement between me and Ms. Thompson aside from Ian. How did you know?"
###chapter2350

The desolate underground parking lot was thick with tension, an undercurrent of danger lurking in the air.
Above them, a stark white incandescent lamp cast a harsh light, dividing the two brothers into opposing worlds of black and white.
Clarice's heart tightened as she instinctively glanced at her boss, yet Grant remained unruffled. His expression was calm as he gave Justin a faint sidelong glance.
"As long as I want to know something, there are countless ways to find out. I'm not only aware of your agreement with Ms. Thompson. I know even more of her secrets."
His tone carried overt ambition, laced with subtle provocation.
Justin's breath hitched. His fingers curled into fists, knuckles turning white, veins bulging. "Though you were once her lover, my understanding of her far surpasses yours.'
"
With those words, Grant's lips curled into a faint smile as he turned away, signaling Clarice to wheel him toward the waiting car.
"Grant." Justin's voice rang out, low and steady, but each word carried weight. "Do you truly have feelings for Bella, or is she just another piece for you to control-someone whose value lies in how well she serves your ambitions?"
Grant offered no reply, only a fleeting glimmer of mockery in his eyes.
As the two entered the car, Justin could no longer suppress the fury roiling within him. His deep, icy voice reverberated through the parking lot.
"I encountered Hugh on Rose Island. He and Christopher teamed up to obstruct me, targeting the people around me. Last night, on the way to Mount Jaglee, he appeared again to stop me from meeting Bella. And today, you conveniently showed up. Should I suspect that Christopher and Hugh answer to you that you're the one pulling their strings?"
The cold air amplified his accusations, each word cutting like a blade.
Inside the car, Clarice's heart raced wildly, and she dared not so much as glance toward Justin.
"Justin, I must say, your imagination is extraordinary." Grant's soft laughter drifted from the shadows, his pale, refined features obscured by the dim light. "But to accuse me of such things do you have any idea how much that wounds me?"
Justin's brows furrowed.
"If I wanted to harm you and bring you down, when you first came to the Salvador family 20 years ago, I could have done it a hundred ways as the Salvador's legitimate heir. Do you remember how I treated you back then?"
It was a fact that Grant had treated him well. So well, in fact, that it was as though he had descended from the heavens to be his savior, earning admiration and praise throughout the Salvador household.
"You're absolutely right." Clarice suddenly interjected, her voice carrying righteous indignation. Her lips curled into a mocking smile as she pressed on, "If Mr. Grant truly wanted to harm you, would he have risked his life to save you during that kidnapping years ago? Or helped you find medicine in the Meridan to stabilize Chairman Thompson's condition when he had a stroke? If harming you was his goal, why would he go to such lengths? Justin, don't be ungrateful!"
"Enough, Clarice," Grant's voice dropped a chilling octave.
Clarice immediately fell silent, recognizing that she had crossed the line.
As the luxury car engine roared to life and began to move, Justin's icy voice pierced the air
once more.
"Grant, if your pursuit of Bella is sincere, I'll have no ion. But if your methods involve threats, blackmail, and manipulation, then I'm afraid I won't stand idly by and let you succeed. The last man who pursued her with ruthless, unscrupulous means was Christopher. His fate is now known to the entire nation."
At these words, Grant's smile froze, and a flicker of crimson fury danced in his eyes. "Justin, are you wavering? Do you still love her?"
Justin's expression was cold, his tone resolute. "Whether I love her or not, I will not tolerate anyone hurting her. Not even indirectly."
His lips curled into a smile, one devoid of warmth yet strikingly handsome nonetheless." But if it's a battle you're seeking, direct it at me. I won't back down. I'll see it through to the end."
The car window slowly rolled up, sealing off the tension. Moments later, the luxury vehicle sped away.
Just after leaving the parking lot, Grant abruptly raised a slender hand and delivered a sharp slap across Clarice's face.
"Ah!" Clarice cried out as she saw stars in her eyes. Her fair check swelled instantly, and a trace of blood seeped from the corner of her mouth.
She had followed Grant for years, yet this was the first time he struck her so harshly. "I've warned you more than once to keep silent when it's not your place to speak." Grant's voice was frigid, his tone laced with contempt. "It seems your memory is rather poor."
###chapter2351
Chapter 2351
Grant tilted his chin slightly. His gaze was violent and chilly, completely unlike his usual self.
"They say wolves travel a thousand miles for meat, while hyenas do so for scraps. Ms. Gold, are you trying to prove through your actions that you belong to the latter?"
"s-Sir, please calm down..."
Clarice, her face still marked by the imprint of a slap, trembled with fear. Blood drained from her face as she stammered, "I-I'm stupid. I don't understand. What have I done wrong? Please, enlighten me..."
Grant said, eyes closing as he reclined lazily in his chair, "When speaking to Justin, all you need to do is hint. There's no need to spell things out."
He continued, "But tonight, during my critical confrontation with him, you chose the worst possible moment to bring up the kidnapping incident from twenty years ago."
Clarice was bewildered. "But... You were his savior. That's a fact! Reminding him of it should only make him feel indebted to you!"
Grant let out a soft, mocking laugh, his half-lidded eyes gleaming faintly. "Indebted? He's forgotten his feelings for Bella entirely. Do you think he'd care about what I did for him?
The three pills caused brain damage. It's a double-edged sword. His coldness doesn't just apply to Bella. It extends to me as well.
"Justin's suspicious of me now. Every word you say plants another seed of doubt in his mind. I can accept the fallout from tonight, but from this moment on, the incident twenty years ago must never be mentioned again. One slip-up could spell disaster."
Clarice was struck dumb with terror, but she could not suppress her curiosity. "Sir, doesn't this seem unwise? Justin is becoming harder to control. Won't this eventually lead to a direct conflict between the two of you?" "Conflict is inevitable," Grant replied coolly. "And this temporary truce? He'll see through it soon enough."
But then, his lips curled into a cold, confident smile. "It doesn't matter. By the time he realizes it, everything will already be too late."
After parting with Grant, Ian drove Justin in a sleek Maybach toward Tideview Manor.
"Mr. Salvador, are you really okay? You look terrible," Ian said, glancing at the rearview mirror and noticing Justin's pale face. His chest tightened with worry.
Justin's lashes drooped weakly, his breaths unsteady. "I'm fine."
Ian complained. "Ugh! If only Dr. Larson were here. At least he could help somehow!"
"He's a neurosurgeon. I have a gunshot wound. What could he possibly do?"
Justin's thoughts suddenly wandered back to Bella.
She was extraordinary, brilliant. They had been through countless life-threatening moments together. He could not ignore her. She lingered in his thoughts, unbidden, especially after last night. The guilt and remorse weighed heavily on him.
"Damn it... Could Grant have planted a surveillance device on you?" Ian gripped the steering wheel tightly in frustration. "How else would he know you were injured? How did he time everything so perfectly to stir up trouble with Chairman Thompson? He's like some upgraded version of Christopher!"
Suddenly, Justin's eyes widened as the realization dawned on him. Ever since Christopher's betrayal, his phone had been equipped with anti hacking and anti surveillance software. No one could tap his calls.
Besides, since parting ways with Bella, they had barely communicated over the phone. So how had Grant
uncovered everything?
Justin's gaze inadvertently landed on the dashcam mounted near the rearview mirror.
That night, Bella had gotten into his car, and all their conversations had taken place inside the car.
The issue was with the car!
Upon arriving at Tideview Manor, Justin quickly retreated to his study and instructed lan to retrieve the parking lot surveillance footage and the dashcam's memory card for review.
It was not long before Ian returned, completing his tasks.
"Mr. Salvador, the surveillance footage shows nothing unusual."
Justin had already expected this. If someone had tampered with his car, the first thing they would do was erase the evidence from the cameras.
His face remained calm and composed as he inserted the memory card into his computer.
###chapter2352
Chapter 2352
Tan was drenched in sweat as he hurried over to stand behind Justin, staring straight at the computer screen.
Once the memory card was inserted, Justin fast-forwarded the footage, scrutinizing each frame as he listened to the audio carefully.
"Mr. Salvador, this dashcam only records the exterior of the car. There's no footage inside of the car only sound can be heard. If someone snuck in, tampered with something, and left, we wouldn't be able to see it," Ian said, clearly frustrated.
Time passed slowly, second by second.
Just as Ian was about to doze off, Justin suddenly said, "The video has been edited."
Ian snapped to attention, swallowing nervously. "What?! But it all looks seamless-nothing seems out of place!" Justin's cold gaze intensified as he put down the headphones. "There's a subtle background noise, but one part doesn't match up."
His remarkable vision and hearing would have made him a great spy!
"Mr. Salvador, you're incredible!" lan exclaimed in awe, giving a thumbs-up before his expression shifted to one of concern. "But who would be bold enough to mess with your car right here at Tideview Manor? I mean, it's practically under your nose!"
With a soft beep, Justin's fingers danced swiftly across the keyboard, pulling up lines of data like cryptic symbols on the black screen.
Ian held his breath, watching as his boss once again demonstrated his hacking skills. The sheer skill left him in awe. "Mr. Salvador, you're so cool! If Young Madam saw this, she'd be totally captivated by you!"
"Nonsense. Her expertise in computer science is unmatched. I'd only embarrass myself in front of her."
Justin's fingers paused momentarily, and an image of Bella flashed in his mind her dazzling confidence as she first revealed her hacking skills, her rapid typing, and that radiant, self-assured smile.
The amazing and breathtaking Bella Thompson.
At this moment, he felt a surge of warmth from the uncontrollable emotions within him as he reflected back.
Ian blinked, smirking to himself as he noticed the rare softness in Justin's expression.
The traumatic brain injury might have damaged Justin's emotional capabilities, but it could not have erased the deep love he had for Bella.
A few minutes later, Justin restored the deleted data from the memory card.
"OMG... Someone got into your car!" Tan exclaimed, horrified, as the footage showed a man sneaking into the car.
"Does he look familiar?" Justin's tone was cold, slightly squinting his eyes.
Ian frowned, squinting. "Hmm... He does look a bit familiar..."
"He's one of my brother's bodyguards."
Ian was utterly shocked, nearly dropping to his knees. "Mr. Salvador, you even remember someone so insignificant?!"
"I would remember anyone who has been by my brother's side, even once." Justin closed the laptop firmly, his brows furrowed deeply. "Given the circumstances, the only one up at Tideview Manor who might be against me is my brother. Even if I hadn't uncovered anything tonight, I'd still suspect him."
Ian was still awestruck
It turned out that his boss had not been blinded by gratitude for the life-saving act years ago.
From the moment Grant returned to Savrow, Justin had been quietly keeping tabs on him, observing him in secret.
"I knew that Mr. Grant was up to no good! He came back for your power, Mr. Salvador! That man's nothing but a big bad wolf in a wheelchair!" Ian's anger boiled over. "It's not just your power too. He's also after your wife! He wants everything you have!"
Justin's broad shoulders stiffened. His breathing faltered for a split second.
Was it the realization of his brother's unfathomable scheming beneath his gentle facade that unsettled him? Or was it Ian's blunt remark that Grant was after Bella?
"I was the one who ended things," Justin muttered as he averted his gaze, his chiseled jawline tensed as he forced himself to stay composed.
Jan retorted with frustration, "But it's undeniable that Mr. Grant is playing tricks behind your back and plotting against you. Today, he tampered with your car; tomorrow he'll put cameras in your study! This time he ruined your date with Young Madam. Next, he'll sabotage your projects, waiting for the chance to take you down! He would use his identity as the legitimate eldest son of the Salvador family to swoop in and seize control of the Salvador Corporation. Doesn't any of this worry you?!"
Each question tugged at Justin's heart.
If his brother had indeed returned to take everything from him, then why had Grant risked his life to save him from those bandits all those years ago?
Had Grant always been like this, or had time hardened the once-kind and gentle man's heart?
###chapter2353
Chapter 2353
Tan noticed the somber look on Justin's face and leaned forward, speaking earnestly. "Mr. Salvador, everyone in this world is constantly changing. You need to keep a close eye on Mr. Grant and be ready to fight back if necessary. While you can return his kindness, that shouldn't ever become an excuse for him to manipulate or intimidate you!" After a moment of silence, Tan added, "Actually, there is one thing in this world that I believe will never change." Justin looked up and asked, "What is it?"
"Young Madam's love for you."
Justin's long lashes trembled slightly, and an obscure emotion churned within his chest.
Three days had passed.
Bella had been transferred from the intensive care unit to a regular ward. Fortunately, after a comprehensive examination, no lasting complications were found after she regained consciousness. However, both her hands had been badly affected by frostbite and were now wrapped in bandages following treatment.
She tried to make light of it, joking that her hands now looked like pig trotters.
Asher, who had rushed back from the Sentania and stayed by her bedside, could not muster a smile.
"Ash, why did you come back?" Bella tried to sit up, but Asher gently pushed her back down. "Where's Arnold? Have you found him yet?"
Asher's gaze shifted, his voice hoarse. "No. I tracked him down twice, but he left before I got there. He's avoiding me on purpose."
Hearing this, Bella felt a pang of sorrow.
Her brother the best man in the world gave his all for her and the Thompson family. Yet, when it came to simply loving someone, why was it so difficult for him?
Perhaps their family was cursed with some ancient, unbreakable cycle of heartbreak.
"Bella, this time, you really went too far." Asher's deep concern and lingering fear finally gave way to an uncharacteristic flash of anger as he looked at his beloved younger sister. "At the end of the day, Justin is just a man! You're the Thompson family's heiress! Was breaking up with him really worth risking your life over? When you lost the will to live, did you even think about us, about Dad, or about your mother's spirit watching over you from above? She's always watching you. Seeing you like this-disregarding your own health-do you think she can rest peacefully?"
At that moment, Steven walked into the room. Seeing Asher reprimand Bella for the first time, Steven felt a wave of discomfort wash over him.
"Ash, now I truly see how strong you are. You're a born leader. I really admire you." Bella looked at her injured hands, and her eyes reddened as a lump formed in her throat. "And I... I'm just a nobody."
Asher frowned deeply and snapped, "Bella!"
"That night, I sat in the snow and cried for a long time... For one fleeting moment, I really thought about ending it all." Bella hugged her knees, her delicate body curling into a small ball.
She sniffled and murmured, "But Ash, don't worry. I've pulled myself together now. I've figured things out... I have let it go."
Both men were stunned.
They couldn't believe their ears. Bella, of all people, said she had let Justin go.
It was shocking, bittersweet, and heartbreaking all at once.
After a moment of tense silence, Steven tried to lighten the mood by changing the subject. "Ms. Bella, do you remember when I told you I met my brother Clarence and his fiancée the other day?"
Bella perked up slightly and nodded gently.
"Clarence told me something interesting."
"Interesting?"
"He said that a few days ago while doing legal aid at Savrow's Fifth Prison, he encountered an inmate." "Savrow's Fifth Prison?" Asher's sharp instincts caught onto the mention of the location. "The prisoners there are either death row inmates, those serving life sentences, or criminals sentenced to over twenty years. It's full of the worst offenders."
Steven added, "Not only that but some inmates with severe mental illness are also confined there."
Asher narrowed his dark eyes. "I've heard that Lucas Fowler is serving his sentence there as well."
Hearing that name, a faint ripple of emotion stirred in Bella's otherwise dim gaze. She spoke softly, "Steve, go on." "My brother said that after finishing his legal aid session that day, just as he was about to leave, an inmate in an orange jumpsuit suddenly lost control and ran toward him."
The Thompson siblings spoke in unison, "An inmate in an orange jumpsuit?"
"The Savrow Fifth Prison uses orange jumpsuits to identify inmates with mental illness and set them apart from the others." Steven continued, "This inmate dropped to his knees in front of my brother, grabbed onto his legs, and started crying bysterically. He insisted he wasn't crazy and hadn't committed any murders. The guy claimed he had been treated unfairly and pleaded with my brother to get his conviction overturned."
###chapter2354
Chapter 2354
"You just said it yourself. The Fifth Prison holds many inmates with mental issues. Maybe there's something
wrong with him too, which is why he insists he's fine," Asher remarked indifferently. "It's like how drunk people always say they're not drunk-same logic."
"Not quite," Bella interjected.
Both men turned to look at her.
"On the contrary, mentally ill people rarely say they're not mentally ill. They often believe that everyone else is the one with the problem."
Steven's eyes lit up. "That's a good point!"
Asher nodded in agreement. "You're right; that does seem to be the case."
"When I heard Steve's description earlier, that man's expression sounded very coherent, not at all like someone mentally unstable. Besides, he took the opportunity and ran straight to Clarence at all costs. That means he had been suppressing himself for a long time, waiting for an opportunity. He didn't want to let this rare opportunity slip by." Bella turned to Steven again. "What did Clarence do afterward?"
"My brother said that before he could fully understand the situation, the prisoner was dragged away by the guards, kicking and screaming. They said the man was a complete lunatic and treated him far more roughly than the other inmates."
"That's strange," Asher murmured, his expression slightly puzzled. "If your brother was there to provide legal aid, every inmate should have the right to consult with him. So why was that prisoner forcibly stopped?"
Bella lowered her head in thought but said nothing.
Steven continued, "My brother said the incident bothered him even after he returned home. So, he reached out to some old colleagues from his time in the judiciary to try and pull up the prisoner's case file.
"Guess what? They couldn't retrieve it. Access was restricted, requiring special authorization from the Chief Prosecutor! Every other prisoner's file could be accessed, but not his. On top of that, he's under heightened surveillance. Tell me, isn't that weird?"
Asher fell silent for a moment before asking, "What crime did the prisoner commit? That much should be easy to find out."
"Murder two women. Other inmates said the killings were gruesome and brutal. But my brother said the prisoner didn't match the profile of a mad killer at all. He's emaciated and even has a congenital disability in one leg. He doesn't look like someone capable of such violence."
The mention of "mad killer" brought to Bella's mind another inmate at the Fifth Prison, Lucas Fowler, Grant's uncle.
Coincidentally, Lucas was also mentally ill, convicted of murder, and had killed two women.
Bella's mind raced as coincidences piled up.
Nothing in her life had been left to fate.
Her decision to join the battlefield as "Little Dove" in Kridor, fighting side by side with Justin, had been a deliberate, unwavering pursuit.
Her stint as a nurse in the rehabilitation center, caring for Grandpa Nigel, was another carefully laid plan-just for a chance to steal a few more glances at Justin.
Coincidences? Fate? They were merely the results of her long-planned devotion.
"Steve, take some time in the coming days to dig deeper into that prisoner's background. While you're at it, see if you can find out more about how Lucas is doing in there. I'll ask Axel to do what he can to retrieve the prisoner's case file. He's well-connected in the judiciary as a prosecutor, so he should be able to find something."
Steven straightened up immediately. "Yes, Ms. Bella."
Asher sat at Bella's bedside, his gaze soft as he looked at his pale-faced sister.
"Bella, is your saintly compassion acting up again? He's just a prisoner with no connection to you. Do you really need to care this much?"
Bella's lips curled in a faint, almost teasing smile, her beautiful eyes arching slightly. "I do. What if he's truly innocent?"
Asher fell silent, his dark eyes deepening.
As her elder brother, he could sense her intentions. There was certainly more to her interest in this case than met the eye.
###chapter2355
Chapter 2355
After spending a long time talking with Bella, both Asher and Steven noticed her lack of energy. Knowing that her body was still weak and in need of rest, they left her hospital room together.
"Our precious young lady-how has her life become so full of suffering ever since she met Justin?"
Stepping out of Bella's room, Steven expressed the heartache weighing on him. His voice trembled as he shared his concerns. "The frostbite on her hands is serious. I worry it will impact her ability to function normally in the future. She's one of the top surgeons in the country, not to mention a world-class sculptor. If her hands are ruined..."
"Enough." Asher's low voice cut him off. His eyes were red, clenching his fists so tightly his fingers ached. The pain in his heart was almost unbearable.
"We'll find the best medicine for her. We'll make sure she recovers fully, with not even a scar left behind."
"Mr. Asher." Steven hesitated before continuing, his voice raw and hoarse, "What I'm about to say might be difficult to hear."
Steven rubbed his weary face, trying to hold back tears, his whole demeanor on the verge of breaking. "I know Justin is an incredible man. I know they love each other deeply. But if this is where their story is headed-this cruel, heartless ending—then I'd rather Justin vanish entirely from the young lady's life. I'd rather they had never met at all!"
Before Steven's voice fully faded, the sound of steady footsteps echoed behind them.
Asher lifted his gaze abruptly, while Steven spun around in surprise.
Standing before them was Justin, impeccably dressed in a sharp suit, his tall and commanding figure holding a small, insulated container.
It was clear he had overheard every word.
Justin's deep eyes remained calm, his expression as composed as ever.
Steven was a little flustered at first, but then he realized that everything he had said came straight from the heart. Why should he panic?
So Steven straightened his posture and stood firm, like a guard protecting the gate. "Justin? Why are you here?" Asher frowned deeply. "I heard from my father that you were seriously injured and needed to stay in the hospital for recovery. Isn't it unwise to come here like this?"
Despite everything, Asher still cared about Justin. Their bond was one forged through life-and-death experiences. Even if they could not become family, they would always remain friends.
"I'm fine," Justin said quietly, his lips pressing into a thin line. "Is Bella asleep? I'd like to see her."
"Justin... Do you really think Ms. Bella would want to see you again?" Steven's chest heaved with anger. "Do you think she hasn't suffered enough because of you? Why do you still need to rub salt into her wounds?"
"I'm not here to hurt her. I brought her some soup, her favorite," Justin replied, as if oblivious to Steven's anger. "You...!" Steven's head throbbed with frustration.
"Bella probably hasn't fallen asleep yet, but she's very tired." Asher stepped between the two men, pulling Steven
back
Locking eyes with Justin, his voice was rough with emotion, suppressing a complex mix of feelings. "She's been through so much these past few days. She's taken countless medications and been hooked up to who knows how many tubes. She's suffered unbearably. Justin, I know you don't love Bella anymore. But I ask you to please talk to her calmly. Don't make her feel worse. Don't let her hurt herself again. That's all I ask "
Upon hearing these words, Justin's long lashes trembled slightly.
Within his chest, a faint, intricate ache began to stir, subtle and nearly undetectable if one was not paying close attention.
###chapter2356
Chapter 2356
Justin steadied his breath as he pushed open the door to the hospital ward. He inexplicably tensed up at that
moment.
Few things ever made him nervous because only a few people ever had the power to. Besides his grandfather, Bella was the only one who had that power.
The room was silent, save for the rhythmic hum of medical equipment.
Bella was awake, leaning against the headboard. Her face was turned toward the pitch-black window. There was neither the moon nor stars, just an endless expanse of void. Whatever held her gaze was a mystery.
Justin froze mid-step, his eyes darkening as he caught sight of her.
For a moment, he felt as though even breathing required permission. The girl who had once radiated optimism, so dazzling and full of life, now seemed completely drained.
Bella looked so fragile and forlorn that the slightest breeze could scatter her into nothingness.
After a while, Bella became aware of his presence. She turned her head slowly, her dazed expression meeting his deep, ocean-like eyes.
"What are you doing here?"
Dressed in an oversized hospital gown, her frail body trembled slightly. The corner of her eyes was tinged red, and her whole body bristled with rejection.
Justin carried a thermos in hand, stepping toward her one deliberate step at a time. His gaze was dark, almost impenetrable. "Feeling any better?"
Bella let out a cold laugh. The veins on the back of her hand, pierced by an IV needle, stood out in bluish relief." Thanks to you, Mr. Salvador, I haven't frozen to death yet."
The image of her curled up in the snow, pitiful and broken, flashed in his mind. His chest surged with an unexplainable anger that threatened to consume him.
"Bella, is it worth it? To harm yourself for my sake? To abuse your own body like this? Does it amuse you?" Her heart tightened. The already pallid color of her face seemed to drain further, leaving her deathly white.
"I told you. I will keep my promise to you. But that day... It wasn't possible." Justin's tone was harsh, but it betrayed a flicker of frustration.
Bella seemed unusually stubborn. "Why not that day?"
"I was in a hurry to find someone."
"Who?" Her voice cracked.
His gaze deepened, and his thin lips parted slightly. The words circled in his throat, but when they emerged, they sounded distant and indifferent. "Someone important to me."
Hearing this, Bella's lips twisted into a bitter smile. It was a smile steeped in anguish, an almost unbearable sight. She regretted asking. Why had she asked? Wasn't the humiliation already enough?
Once, she had been the most important person in his world. Now, anyone could replace her. That person could occupy his mind and lead him to cast her aside, breaking promises without a second thought.
"Don't do this again." Justin placed the thermos on the bedside table, his lashes lowered. "It isn't worth it to hurt yourself for me."
Bella dropped her gaze. "You're right. It's not worth it. So I won't be foolish for you ever again."
That night, her despair had reached its peak.
But to Justin, her actions amounted to nothing more than a hollow, meaningless plea for attention.
Justin opened the thermos, his voice low and steady. "Good."
Bella bit down on the soft flesh of her lip. Her eyes reddened as she forced herself to smile brightly. "I already told you there is no 'next time.' Surely you haven't forgotten that?"
"Drink this. It's good for your health." Avoiding her barbs, Justin poured a bowl of steaming soup and offered it to her, its aroma filling the air.
"Take it away! I don't need your charity!" Overwhelmed by a flood of emotions, Bella suddenly swung her hand, still attached to the IV tube.
The bowl of soup spilled entirely, soaking Justin's impeccably tailored suit. The fabric darkened with dampness, leaving him visibly disheveled.
Bella's smooth forehead broke out in a cold sweat. She curled up against the headboard, straining to put as much distance between them as she could.
His sudden kindness only provoked a defensive, reflexive response in her.
Justin's pupils contracted sharply. For the first time, he noticed the pathetic state of her hands hidden beneath the blanket, wrapped tightly as if mutilated.
"Get out... Get out!" Bella scrambled to hide her injured hands again, her voice breaking into a sob.
She would never learn how to show vulnerability, nor did she ever feel the need to.
###chapter2357
Chapter 2357
The hot soup soaked through his suit, scalding him, but Justin barely noticed. He leaned forward, grabbing her delicate wrist and pulling it insistently toward himself. "Let me see. Does it still hurt?"
"Let go..!" Bella struggled, her eyes brimming with tears.
"Don't move. You're still injured!" Justin's breathing deepened as his fingers tightened around her slender wrist.
Her tearful eyes glistened as she waved her bandaged hands in front of him. The sight of Bella was pitiful and absurd, yet she carried an inexplicable charm clumsy, endearing, and heartbreakingly fragile.
Memories of their past flooded Justin's mind. His gaze fixed on her, a storm brewing in his once icy eyes.
In the next instant, his mind turned blank.
His thin, dry lips, parched from too much restraint, suddenly pressed against hers.
He could feel her soft, trembling lips quivering under his. Their noses brushed against each other, and their breaths intertwined as he kissed her.
His attempt was clumsy and unrefined, showing his inexperience, like a teenager exploring love for the first time. His teeth grazed her tongue, eliciting a sting, yet she silently accepted it.
Even this awkward kiss ensnared her. She could not help but lean into it willingly. It was as if she drank every bitter medicine in the world just for this single moment of sweetness even if there were shards of glass hidden in the sugar.
Justin's rich, overpowering masculine scent enveloped her, melting and consuming her.
Suddenly, a sharp, explosive pain shot through Justin's temple, plunging his vision into a momentary haze. He was forced to pull back.
Bella stared at him, her face blank with surprise. Her lips, now kissed into a dewy sheen, trembled slightly, while her almond-shaped eyes glistened like pools of water.
Justin felt as if countless demons clawed and shrieked within his mind. He bit down hard on his tongue, the sharp pain anchoring him. Only when he was on the brink of severing his own tongue did the torment subside enough for him to regain control.
With immense effort, he suppressed the beast within, imprisoning it deep inside. Only then could he maintain a semblance of humanity before Bella, rather than a creature spiraling between man and monster without its medicine.
"Don't stay with Grant. Don't see him again... Please?" His voice, hoarse and uneven, broke through the silence as cold sweat beaded on his temple.
"Haven't we already broken up? You were the one who ended it. What right do you have to dictate my choices now?" Bella's voice sharpened, and her eyes reddened as she deliberately provoked him.
She tilted her head, her smile tinged with mockery. "What's wrong? Can't bear to see what once belonged to you now slipping into someone else's hands? Is it jealousy? Regret? Or... Do you still have feelings for me?"
Justin's lips pressed into a thin line. "We loved each other once. I just don't want to see you hurt again."
The trembling in his hand worsened, and he instinctively reached toward the inside pocket of his suit, searching for the pills that were his lifeline.
"I've said what I needed to. Bella, you don't have to listen. But I will never harm you."
With that, he turned and strode toward the door.
"What was that just now?" Bella's voice called out suddenly, halting his steps.
He paused, closing his eyes briefly before replying, "Goodnight."
"Justin, you really know how to torment me," Bella said, her laughter breaking through her tears.
Without looking back, Justin left with purposeful strides.
Bella curled up on the bed, hugging herself tightly as she replayed the kiss in her mind. A wrenching pain gripped her chest. She could not discern whether that kiss stemmed from lingering love or from some primal instinct buried deep within him—a love so etched into his soul it acted of its own accord.
Life without love would stretch unbearably long. But love itself was choking.
At midnight, Grant's private jet landed in the capital city of Sentania.
Accompanied by Clarice and Jace, his luxury car sped through the dark night. The atmosphere inside the car was oppressively silent. Having taken his medication, Grant rested with his eyes closed.
Jace drove in full concentration, while Clarice sat beside him, not daring to make a sound.
Having worked under Grant for so long, she understood the purpose of this trip all too well. She knew exactly who he had traveled such a distance to see.
Thinking of that man, the typically cheerful Grant had turned brooding and uncommunicative.
Time dragged on until the car finally stopped in front of a grand, vintage estate. The building exuded an air of both splendor and mystery.
Clarice leaned forward cautiously, her voice soft and deferential.
"Sir... Sir? We have arrived."
###chapter2358
Chapter 2358
The grand and imposing gates swung open with deliberate grace, allowing the car to proceed unhurriedly toward a medieval European-style castle.
Once the car stopped, Jace and Clarice stepped out first. Soon after, Grant emerged from the car, his long legs carrying him to the ground with an effortless poise.
His sharp, refined features bore no trace of emotion, but his dark eyes exuded an intense chill with a sharpness enough to unsettle anyone.
His stride was steady and confident, similar to Justin's. Just before he got out of the car, he had Clarice inject a dose of adrenaline newly developed by RC Biotech. He wanted to present himself not as a fragile patient but as a man of commanding presence, one worthy of standing before that man.
"This is a private residence. Please halt here." Outside the door of the castle, armed guards in immaculate suits and white gloves blocked their way.
Grant's gaze turned icy, his lips curling into a faint smirk. With a graceful motion, his slender, pale hand reached into his jacket, producing a card. The gold-trimmed card, held delicately between his fingers, gleamed as he extended it toward the guards.
The guards glanced at it, their expressions shifting instantly to alarm. Without hesitation, they both bowed deeply at a perfect ninety-degree angle. "Esteemed guest, please forgive our lack of hospitality. This way, sir!"
Clarice's chest swelled with pride at their sudden reverence. Following closely behind Grant, her confidence soared. It was not every day that someone witnessed such deference.
Her curiosity got the better of her, and she stole a glance at the card in Grant's hand. What she saw left her stunned --it was an intricately designed golden playing card, adorned with exquisite engravings and inlaid with a brilliant red ruby.
The card displayed the face of the King of Hearts.
A servant led the trio into the castle.
Jace maintained his usual stoic demeanor, but Clarice's eyes darted around, struggling to contain her amazement at the opulent surroundings. Every corner of the castle exuded luxury beyond her comprehension. She marveled at the extravagant decor, though she worked hard to mask her awe, determined not to embarrass Grant.
In truth, Clarice was familiar with wealth. She had roamed the prestigious Tideview Manor during her youth, accompanying Shannon without restriction. Later, under Grant's employment, she had seen the grandeur of his mansion in Meridan-an elegant, rare jewel in its own right.
Yet standing here, she felt her past experiences paled in comparison. The artworks, paintings, and antiques scattered throughout the castle shimmered under the dim lighting, each exuding a value so high it was unfathomable. Each piece could fetch a fortune.
Unable to suppress her curiosity any longer, she leaned closer to Grant. "Sir, what is this place?"
Without turning to look at her, Grant answered coldly, his voice as frigid as a winter wind. "The King's Club." The casual remark caught Jace's attention, his indifferent expression flickering ever so slightly.
In his years working for Grant, he had heard whispers of the "King's Club" from foreign dignitaries and elites. Supposedly, mere wealth was not enough to gain membership here. Only those with family lineage and immense power could qualify. To think this was that legendary place!
Grant continued, his lips curling into a cryptic smile, "In this place, there's nothing money can't buy, no desire that can't be satisfied. It exists far beyond the limits of ordinary imagination."
Clarice's eyes widened in awe, her admiration for him growing. "And the card you're holding... Is it an invitation?" "It is a symbol of identity."
"What's the meaning of the King of Hearts?"
Grant's gaze darkened, his voice carrying an edge. "J, Q, K, and Ace represent the hierarchy of distinguished guests here. J is the entry-level. By extension, Ace is the highest. Among the suits, spades reign supreme."
Clarice's admiration turned into an open smile. "I knew it! Wherever you go, sir, your status stands head and shoulders above the rest-exceptional and unparalleled!"
Jace, hands in his pockets, shot her a sidelong glance, his expression one of barely concealed disdain. "Are you deaf? Sir just said K isn't the highest. Above K is Ace. And within the Ace tier, the Ace of Spades is the most prestigious of all."
Clarice glared at him, indignant at his interruption.
###chapter2359
Chapter 2359
For some people, no matter how many times they were to live their life again or how much their appearance changes, they could never shed their innate nature.
Clarice thought, 'He is just as infuriating as that bitch, Bella.'
"Jace is right. Only the Ace guests hold the highest prestige." Grant narrowed his eyes slightly, his tone casual. "I may not be one, but I am quite familiar with one of the guests with the Ace of Spades here."
As he spoke, the servant led them to an imposing, massive, and ornate door.
With a deep rumble, the door swung open, revealing a world shrouded in mist, filled with decadent indulgence. It was a stark contrast to the solemn silence outside. The abrupt divide was almost blinding.
From the second floor onward, private boxes lined the space, each shrouded in dim light. The figures within were impossible to make out, distant shadows that resembled eerie clay dolls perched in their seats.
However, on the stage in front of them, a scene unfolded that left Clarice on the verge of screaming in horror. Even Jace, a man with nerves of steel, visibly tensed, his pupils contracting in shock.
Several naked young women were confined within glass cages, suspended high above the ground. Each wore a metal collar around their neck, moving about in varying states of distress-some crawled, some trembled, while others cowered in the corners.
It was devoid of dignity or humanity. These women were reduced to something less than animals.
It was a grotesque embodiment of money reigning supreme.
"This... Is this human trafficking?!" Clarice's eyes were wide with disbelief.
Though she had committed her share of unsavory deeds, this display of depravity shattered what little remained of her moral compass, leaving her reeling.
"It's a transaction," Grant replied lazily, a hint of irritation in his voice. Still, he explained, "But they're not selling people."
Confused, Clarice pressed further, her voice trembling. "Then... What are they selling?"
Grant's expression darkened. "Their bodies. Skin alone is worthless. But their blood, their organs? Those are priceless commodities. Take their blood, for example."
Clarice froze, her face draining of color. She had spent enough time at the RC. Institute to immediately grasp the underlying implication. Her scalp tingled as an icy dread seeped into her bones.
In recent years, rumors circulated that certain elite families in Meridan sought immortality and eternal youth by draining young women of their blood. The extracted blood or its derivatives were then transfused or consumed, prolonging the lives of the rich at unimaginable costs.
The sheer malevolence of it all was beyond comprehension, horrifying in its audacity.
Jace's brows furrowed deeply. His heart ached at the sight of the despairing girls onstage, and an uncomfortable tightness gripped his chest. He instinctively wanted to leave, to turn his back on this twisted spectacle.
But duty bound him to stay. As Grant's bodyguard, Jace could not take a single step away from his charge.
The servant continued to lead them up to a private box, stopping at the entrance to a heavy velvet curtain.
"Mr. Salvador, please." The servant pulled the curtain aside, and Grant entered without hesitation, his face devoid of expression.
In the split second before the curtain fell back into place, both Clarice and Jace caught a glimpse of the man inside. A middle-aged man sat there, his deep-set eyes and aquiline nose giving him a predatory air. Dressed in an exquisitely tailored crimson velvet suit, his slicked-back hair gleamed under the low light.
Though he appeared to be in his fifties, the careful grooming shaved a decade off his appearance, making him seem no older than forty.
"Uncle," Grant greeted with a polite smile, inclining his head slightly in a display of respect befitting a junior to his elder.
The man bared his teeth in response, a grin too perfect to be genuine, the white gleam of his teeth as chilling as exposed bone.
"Ah, my nephew, long time no see. You've gotten much healthier, haven't you?"
Behind the curtain, Clarice's breath hitched in alarm. She recognized him immediately.
That was Lucas Fowler, the infamous murderer whose crimes once shocked the nation. He was also Grant's maternal uncle.
Clarice thought, 'But wasn't Lucas imprisoned for life? How could he possibly be here?!'
###chapter2360
Chapter 2360
Jace's sharp gaze immediately locked onto Lucas. His expression hardened as he noticed the nearly naked girl sprawled across the older man's lap.
The girl forced a brittle smile, though her body trembled as Lucas's coarse hands mercilessly groped her soft curves. The dimly lit room reeked of debauchery, filth, and depravity.
Around the girl's neck hung a collar identical to those worn by the girls in the glass cages. Inscribed on it was a series of shocking numbers-a price tag for her existence.
Despite having witnessed countless atrocities while serving Grant, Jace felt a suffocating heaviness settle in his chest as he stepped into this place. The sight of these innocent girls being humiliated and degraded twisted his heart with an inexplicable pain.
Unable to bear the sight any longer, Jace turned away, his fists unconsciously clenching until his knuckles whitened.
The thick velvet curtain fell, sealing the sordid scene from view.
Moments later, a towering bodyguard emerged, as he politely but firmly asked them to leave.
Jace spun on his heel and departed without hesitation, but Clarice lingered, glancing back repeatedly.
Since being employed by Grant, she has always been present during his dealings with others, no matter how sensitive or dangerous.
Whether it was Justin or Christopher, Grant had never asked her to step aside.
This time, however, was different. Her curiosity surged, tinged with an undertone of uneasiness.
Inside the private box, the air was thick with smoke, the faint glow of lamps casting sinister shadows across Lucas's face. His narrowed eyes glearned with malice, their expression as predatory as the twisted grin curling his lips.
"Uncle, it's been a long time. How have you been?" Grant's lips curled into a polite smile, though the stiffness in his expression betrayed his unease.
"Good, very good! With such a filial nephew taking care of me and these young, beautiful girls nourishing me, how could I not be?" Lucas' laugh was laced with cruelty. He tightened his grip on the girl, causing her to wince in pain.
"your happiness is all that matters." The smoke irritated Grant, and he masked his disdain with a delicate handkerchief drawn from his coat pocket. Covering his mouth and nose, he coughed lightly, then said, "Uncle, you summoned me all the way from Savrow. Surely there's an important matter to discuss. Perhaps we should talk alone."
"Haha, my dear nephew speaks sense!" Lucas' laughter abruptly ceased as he pressed his still-burning cigar against the girl's flawless skin.
The girl's body jerked violently, her eyes squeezed shut as she stifled a scream. A red, blistering scar marred her once-pristine flesh, branding her with pain and humiliation.
"Get out," Lucas barked, his tone ice-cold.
The girl scrambled to her feet, tears streaming down her face. Clutching her arms around her body, she staggered out of the room.
With her gone, Lucas's demeanor shifted. The ruthless predator gave way to a shrewd businessman, though his arrogance remained. He regarded Grant not as a relative but as a subordinate.
"Grant, the reason I called you here is simple. You've been back in Savrow for some time now. How are things progressing with the Salvador Corporation? I want an update."
A servant approached with tea, setting it down in front of Grant. He picked up the cup, sniffing the aroma without taking a sip.
"Plans are still underway," Grant said evenly.
"Plans? So, in other words, you've achieved nothing."
Lucas' sneer deepened as he leaned back in his chair. "Grant, you've done well for yourself abroad. Your businesses in Sentania and Meridan are thriving. But the moment you returned to Savrow, you've been spinning your wheels. What's the problem? Have you grown incompetent, or are you afraid of that brat?"
The "brat" was none other than Justin.
Grant's jaw tightened.
He opened his mouth to reply, but Lucas cut him off with a derisive laugh. "Tsk. No need to explain. I understand. That little bastard has had years to cement his control over the Salvador Corporation. On top of that, he married into the Thompson family and gained the support of KS Group. With resources like that, it's no wonder he has the upper hand. I figured you'd struggle against him."
Grant replied, his voice cool. "Thank you for your concern. However, the obstacles you mentioned have already been dealt with."
His words were calm, but the steel beneath them was unmistakable. Setting down his teacup with deliberate care, he allowed himself a faint smile.
"My younger brother has already broken off with Ms. Thompson. Their ties have been severed completely, and not amicably at that."
Lucas' brow arched in surprise. "Oh?"
###chapter2361
Chapter 2361
Grant said, "Although Justin and Wyatt started off on good terms, their relationship has since run its course. He has hurt Ms. Thompson repeatedly. No matter how much Wyatt likes Justin, he cherishes his daughter above all else. Bella is Wyatt's pride and joy, so it's only natural for him to distance himself from my brother. He won't interfere with our plans any longer."
"You always have a way with things, my clever nephew!" Lucas's ever shifting expression broke into a grin." Justin is just a bastard born from Gregory's one-night-stand. How could he possibly deserve someone so noble and prestigious as the eldest daughter of the Thompson family? Only my brilliant nephew is worthy of such a match."
Grant maintained a neutral expression, though clenching his jaw subtly.
"Uncle, you're overthinking it. I simply want to take away Justin's power and let him experience what it feels like to lose everything."
Lucas waved his hand, his gaze turning sinister. "I don't care about your romantic affairs. What I want is for you to quickly get the shares of the Salvador Corporation, take control of everything, and avenge my dear sister your mother!"
Grant's pale face darkened, his expression grim. "Yes, the Crystal Ice drug has already started circulating in Savrow and the response has been quite positive. It's merely a matter of time before it spreads nationwide."
"The clinical trials for the new drug must be accelerated! You know I'm not a patient man. I've invested everything in helping you reach where you are today. Don't you dare disappoint me or tarnish the Fowler family's name!"
"Understood." After a brief pause, Grant's lips curled into an unprecedentedly docile smile. "Uncle, with the support of the Salvador Group and the development of the new drug, will you be able to officially join the Round Table of the King's Club?"
The so-called "Round Table" was the highest echelon of the King's Club-a symbol of ultimate power. To join it was to ascend to the pinnacle of influence, where one could bend the winds and command the rain.
Lucas held the card of the Ace of Diamonds, just shy of the Ace of Spades. His eagerness to push Grant to take control of the Salvador Corporation was partly to strengthen his own hand for a seat at the Round Table.
Lucas's eyes gleamed with ambition, his expression tinged with arrogance. "Of course! Supreme power is within my grasp!"
"Let me congratulate you in advance, Uncle." Grant's eyes deepened, and he smiled with an air of deference." Uncle, I have one small request. Once I have full control of the Salvador Corporation and successfully push forward the new drug trials, could you help pave the way for me to join the Round Table?"
After a few seconds of silence, Lucas burst into laughter.
Grant watched coldly as the man laughed so hard he nearly toppled over, his gaze turning icy, like a venomous serpent lurking in the shadows, studying its prey.
"Grant, have you forgotten how you've made it this far? The power and wealth you enjoy today where do you think they came from?" Lucas clutched his chest, his eyes bloodshot. "It was me who saved you, who gave you access to these resources, introduced you to the King's Club, and opened up this new world for you!
"Without me, you wouldn't have survived that year in Meridan. You were as good as dead! I pulled strings, found the best doctors, and had your organs replaced. I paid a fortune to keep you alive! Without me, you'd be rotting in the ground, just a pile of maggots that the Salvador family wouldn't even glance at!"
Although Grant looked calm on the outside, waves of turmoil raged within him. 'Saved me? What a joke!'
Back then, Lucas had merely used him as a guinea pig for testing banned drugs, observing their effects on a living human.
Even now, Grant was haunted by nightmares-visions of his younger self locked in a glass observation room, strapped to a sterile white bed, his body riddled with tubes and hooked up to terrifying machines. Medical staff in
lab coats and masks held him down as they injected vivid, colorful substances into his veins.
In an instant, Grant's face turned ghostly pale as his chest heaved violently.
Lucas's voice was cold and menacing. "Grant, I saved you and gave you everything you have. You should be grateful and content. Don't push your luck, or you'll end up swallowing more than you can handle,"
After a long silence, Grant narrowed his eyes slightly, his gaze as sharp as two gleaming blades. However, his tone remained soft. "Uncle, you're right. But you're also aware of everything I've done for you over the years. The freedom you now enjoy the fact that you're untouchable-it's all thanks to the plans I devised and the moves I made to help you evade consequences so that you get to live above the law."
Before he could finish, Lucas slammed the table, pointing an accusatory finger at Grant's composed face. "You little brat! Are you threatening me?"
Grant chuckled. "I wouldn't dare. I'm merely stating the facts."
"Hmph! You think holding my secrets gives you the right to steal my victory? We all got our dirty little secrets, kid. But let's not forget who was the one behind that whole kidnapping mess with you and Justin."
Lucas smirked coldly, leaning back into his chair, his voice dripping with malice.
###chapter2362
Chapter 2362
In the dimly lit room, Grant's expression hardened into a cold, brooding gaze. Yet, he remained composed, neither arrogant nor meek, his eyes fixed on Lucas as steadily as the tranquil surface of a lifeless pond that has remained undisturbed for ages.
Their eyes met, and Lucas's brow twitched violently. A chill crept up his neck, sending goosebumps racing across his skin.
"What do I know? Uncle, I don't quite understand what you're implying," Grant murmured, narrowing his ghostly
eyes.
"Heh, I see you've mastered Gregory's art of playing dumb perfectly, just like a true Salvador heir!"
Lucas took a sharp drag from his cigar, purposefully exhaling a thick plume of smoke in Grant's direction, knowing full well it would aggravate his health. His every move was taunting and provocative.
"Back then, you hired Jeremy and paid him handsomely to orchestrate the kidnapping of you and that bastard child. Throughout the whole process, you stayed in the shadows, masterminding every detail. You ensured they'd receive over a billion in ransom and even promised an additional fifty million as a reward. Fifty million! Twenty years ago, that was no small amount!"
Grant listened calmly, his expression detached and distant, as if merely observing a tragedy unfold before him. His gaze was as bleak and lifeless as a desolate winter night.
"Your plan was simple. To stage the kidnapping of the Salvador brothers, then take the opportunity to kill Justin. At that time, Gregory was only an acting chairman, with the true power of the Salvador Corporation still in the hands of the Old Master Nigel. Ever since Justin's arrival, your status in the family plummeted, and the old man began to favor you less and less.
"So, you devised this scheme to eliminate Justin-your rival for affection and inheritance-and use your involvement in the kidnapping to avoid suspicion. The tragedy would reignite the Old Master Nigel's love and concern for you. After all, without Justin, you'd be the sole grandson of the Salvador family. How could he not dote on you again?"
Lucas continued, "Heh, to think that a 15-year-old could come up with such a ruthless and calculated plan... You really were something, just like me in my younger days!"
Grant's lips curled faintly at that last remark, but the thought only made him sick. He was like no one else. He was himself-peerless, untouchable, and above all.
"But back then, you were still too naive, too foolish. All you had was theory, and you overlooked the darker depths of human nature." Lucas smirked, his laughter dripping with mockery. "You didn't foresee Jeremy's greed. He broke your deal and turned you into a hostage as well, demanding an astronomical ransom from the Salvador family. Worse, he even planned to release Justin while keeping you back as his personal punching bag, a bargaining chip to squeeze even more money out of the Salvadors."
"Why? Because Justin, for all the drama, was just an illegitimate child with no claim to the family empire. But you were the rightful heir, the eldest grandson. Of course, the kidnappers would target you who else would they terrorize? Haha! Poor nephew, you shot yourself in the foot!"
Grant did not get angry. Instead, he chuckled softly. "Uncle, I see prison left you rather stifled. Now that you're free, you're overflowing with words."
Yet there was one detail Lucas did not mention.
When Grant discovered Jeremy's true intentions, he used all his strength to help Justin escape, staying behind to endure the torment alone.
If Jeremy was set on keeping him, then Grant might as well bargain for Justin's safe return.
The Salvador family's illegitimate son came back unharmed, while the eldest son endured the kidnappers' torment and severe injuries all for the sake of his half-brother.
What a moving tale of brotherly love!
Even if it cost him dearly, Grant ensured that Nigel, Gregory, and Justin would live with lifelong regret and guilt. Such deep calculation at such a young age was truly terrifying.
"Grant," Lucas sneered, his bloodshot eyes narrowing as his smile grew increasingly unsettling. "If the Salvador family and the public were to find out that the kidnapping twenty years ago was all your doing and that your current frailty is your own fault, how much sympathy do you think you'd have left? Old Master Nigel and Gregory would cast you aside, and you'd never have a chance at inheriting the Salvador empire."
His tone dropped to an eerie calm. "So, be a good nephew. You're already a member here. Don't let ambition cloud your judgment."
"I understand, Uncle," Grant said with a growing smile as he rose gracefully from the plush crimson sofa, his posture tall and commanding, his chin slightly raised. "I won't intrude on your leisure any further. I'll take my leave now."
Lucas's cold gaze lingered on his retreating figure. Slowly, he spoke again. "Grant, you should be grateful you're the only child my sister left behind."
They were both intelligent men. The message needed no further elaboration.
Grant suddenly paused, his back still to Lucas, and laughed. "Uncle, the Fowler family is truly extraordinary. We're a whole pack of mad dogs; every single one of us."
###chapter2363
Chapter 2363
After finishing his words, Grant walked away without looking back
Lucas' expression darkened, and a shadow loomed over his brows as he pressed the bell on the desk.
Moments later, the secretary entered respectfully. "Mr. Fowler."
"My dear nephew has been acting less than obedient lately," Lucas said, his tone calm but laced with menace. "It seems he needs a little wake-up call."
Lowering his gaze, Lucas reached for his cigar.
The secretary, sharp and compliant, stepped forward and extended his palm.
Without a flicker of hesitation, Lucas extinguished the cigar in the man's hand. The secretary did not even flinch. "Once you've wrapped up your current tasks, take a trip to Savrow and meet with someone on my behalf."
On the way to the airport after leaving the King's Club, Grant remained quiet, making the car eerily silent, which made Clarice's heart pound with unease.
Normally, Grant always carried a faint smile on his lips.
When he was not smiling, it meant trouble.
"You must be curious," Grant suddenly spoke. His half-lidded eyes revealed a glimmer of cold calculation. His pale lips parted slowly. "You're curious why Lucas is no longer in prison and is instead swaggering around Sentania. And if he's here, then who's the one serving his sentence in Savrow's prison?"
Clarice broke out in a cold sweat but hurriedly replied in a hushed voice. "Even if I'm curious, I wouldn't dare ask unless you wish to tell me..."
"I arranged for a scapegoat to take his place. That's how Lucas enjoys his freedom today."
Grant's smile was enigmatic, his tone teasing. "I'm telling you this because there's something you need to do next."
Clarice quickly straightened her posture. "Please give your orders."
"When you return to Savrow, find an opportunity to visit Fifth Prison. Get the scapegoat out."
"Get him out?"
"I've heard reports that he's been restless in there lately. To prevent any complications, we can't leave him inside. But we also can't kill him."
Grant closed his eyes slightly, his voice growing languid, almost lazy. "A sudden, unexplained death in prison would stir up trouble and attract unwanted attention. You're a prison doctor, so you can find a way to have him transferred out."
"Yes, I understand," Clarice responded, grasping the underlying message.
Just then, her phone buzzed. She glanced at the screen and quickly answered.
A few seconds later, her expression stiffened and turned grim.
"What's wrong?" Grant asked, his tone nonchalant.
"Sir..."
Clarice took a deep breath, clutching her phone tightly. "The people I assigned to keep an eye on Ms. Thompson at the hospital just reported that Justin went to visit her earlier."
She continued, "They were alone in the ward for quite some time."
A dangerous glint flashed in Grant's eyes. His pale, graceful hand gradually curled into a tightened fist, radiating a menacing aura.
From the beginning, Bella had always been just a pawn on his chessboard, but now an indescribable weight settled in his chest.
It felt stifling, hidden, and hazy, not fully rising nor fading away.
This was a sensation he had never encountered before.
"My dear brother truly is troublesome," Grant finally said, forcing out a chilling laugh. "Clarice, sometimes you really can't afford to show mercy to people."
###chapter2364
Chapter 2364
Bella's condition had only just reached the minimum requirement for discharge, yet she kept it a secret from her family and left the hospital eagerly.
Steven helped her into the car when Wilma's call came through.
"Wilma, how have you been lately?" Bella asked. Her hands were still wrapped in bandages, so Steven held the phone for her.
"I'm fine, Young Madam, but I heard from Young Master Justin that you were injured!"
"I've been discharged, so there's no need to worry." Bella's thoughts drifted to that day when she had spilled soup all over Justin. It had soaked his three-piece suit entirely.
She had not expected the man to have a backup plan, as if he anticipated her tantrum. It turned out that there was another bowl of soup in the flask.
After he left, Bella felt hungry and worn out from their argument. So she struggled to her feet and painstakingly finished the remaining bowl of soup herself.
"Wilma, when I was in the hospital, did you ask Mr. Salvador to bring me soup?" Bella's eyes curled with a smile." It was delicious. It's unmistakably your cooking. Thank you!"
"No, Young Madam! That soup wasn't mine. The young master made it himself!"
"He did?" Bella's expression froze in shock.
"The day before, the young master purposely went to a farm to buy a free-range chicken. Can you imagine such a well-dressed man stepping into the mud? His suit was covered in chicken feathers, and he reeked of chicken droppings!" Wilma's vivid storytelling made Bella laugh.
"I've watched the young master grow up, and I've never seen him look so disheveled before. He even caught the chicken himself. If word got out, it would go viral on social media. It was hilarious!"
Bella listened in disbelief, her heart trembling with emotions she couldn't suppress.
"The next day was even worse. It was absolute chaos! The young master got up early to slaughter the chicken. The kitchen looked like a crime scene!" Wilma continued. "He used to serve in the military, but he said that killing chickens is much harder than killing terrorists!"
At that moment, Justin, who was sitting in the presidential office of the Salvador Corporation, sneezed so loudly that the ceiling seemed to shake. Ian, who was close by, gave him a skeptical glance.
Bella could not help but chuckle as she shook her head.
"I may have guided him, but the chicken soup was all his doing. He poured his heart into it, spending an entire day preparing it! Young Madam, you should know this by now. Young Master Justin might be clumsy with words, but he knows what's in his heart. You've always held a place there."
Bella blinked softly, her emotions in turmoil-a bittersweet mix of feelings washed over her.
It was like finding a piece of candy amidst shards of glass.
After ending the call with Wilma, Bella sat in the car, lost in the lingering emotions.
"Ms. Bella, shall I drive you back to Yara Park?" Steven asked in a soft voice, noticing the redness in her eyes through the rearview mirror.
"No, not home." Bella's lips parted gently.
Steven frowned with concern. "You're not planning to return to work at KS Group, are you? Your health is more important!"
"Take me to the Savrow's Fifth Prison." Bella shook off the tangled emotions that Justin had evoked, her brow smoothing into a resolute, focused expression.
"Do you remember that prisoner Clarence mentioned? The one who's been proclaiming his innocence? Let's go see him. I have a feeling there's more to this story than meets the eye-something deeper. While we're at it, I'd like to meet Grant's notorious uncle. My curiosity about the Fowler family has grown immensely."
Steven blinked in realization but then asked, "Ms. Bella, if that prisoner turns out to be just an ordinary convict with no hidden truths, would you still help him?"
"Yes." Bella's red lips curled into a radiant, confident smile. "Think of it as accumulating good karma."
It was a work day, and traffic was light. They soon arrived outside Savrow's Fifth Prison.
"Ms. Bella, it's cold outside, and you haven't fully recovered yet. Why don't you stay in the car with the heater on? I'll go scout things out for you," Steven said, unbuckling his seatbelt.
"No need. I'll go with you." Bella opened her slightly weary almond-shaped eyes. But just as she was about to move, she froze.
Not far away, a black car was approaching the prison entrance.
Bella had deliberately switched to a modest vehicle instead of the ostentatious Rolls-Royce for discretion.
The black car stopped outside the prison. Through the windshield, Bella caught a glimpse of a vaguely familiar figure.
Her gaze darkened as she instinctively reached out, pressing a hand firmly on Steven's shoulder.
"Wait."
Steven froze, not daring to act rashly.
At that moment, the black car's door opened.
A woman in a white lab coat stepped out, her brows furrowed. It was Clarice. She was lightly dressed, shivering in the cold as she hugged her arms and stamped her feet.
Steven was astonished. "Ms. Bella, it's that doctor who's always around Justin!"
"I see her." Bella's beautiful eyes turned deep and unwavering as she watched Clarice disappear quickly with the prison guard.
Clarice's overly flirtatious demeanor and affectionate gestures were laid bare, thinking no one was watching.
That overwhelming sense of familiarity hit Bella again.
Steven frowned. "Strange. What's she doing here?"
"She looks like "
"Ms. Bella, what did you say?"
Bella's eyes flashed with sharp insight. "This woman reminds me of someone-a familiar face. Except for their looks, their every move bears an uncanny similarity."
Steven immediately asked, "Who is it?"
"Rosalind Gold."
###chapter2365
Chapter 2365
Upon hearing that long-forgotten name, Steven froze for a moment as his mind turned blank.
After a while, his eyes widened in shock, and anger surged in his chest. He took several deep breaths before managing to calm himself.
"Ms. Bella, please don't mention her name again. That name is like a curse! Just thinking about all the harm she caused you back then makes my blood boil..."
"Those old wounds are in the past," Bella interrupted calmly. "Let's focus on the present. Somehow, Clarice reminds me of Rosalind."
It was ironic, really.
Although Rosalind had been Justin's childhood friend, someone who grew up alongside him, Bella understood Rosalind better than anyone else in the world.
After Old Master Nigel arranged for Justin to be engaged to Bella, Bella had spent years mimicking Rosalind's every move in a desperate attempt to win Justin's favor.
Bella copied her mannerisms, her fashion sense, even her soft, gentle way of speaking.
For those three years, Bella lived in humility, enduring endless compromises and sacrifices. She had been so consumed by the relationship that she had nearly lost her sense of self.
Thankfully, those days were long gone.
She had reclaimed her identity and vowed never to become someone else for anyone ever again.
Steven blinked in surprise. "You suspect there's some connection between Clarice and Rosalind?"
"I don't want to jump to conclusions, but aside from their voices and appearances, their mannerisms are eerily alike. Physical features are easy to alter, but habits and personalities are etched into one's soul. Those are much harder to change."
Steven nodded in agreement.
Bella always had a wild imagination. Whenever an idea crossed her mind, it would unleash a torrent of inspiration within her. If she spotted even the slightest glimmer of truth, she would relentlessly pursue it until the entire picture became clear.
It was only a matter of time.
At this moment, Bella's mind was already swirling with suspicions and ideas. But for now, they were like scattered beads, unstrung and incomplete.
"When the Gold family went bankrupt and Rosalind was disgraced at her engagement party, she fled to Meridan. Coincidentally, Clarice also returned from Meridan."
Steven furrowed his brows thoughtfully. "But, Ms. Bella, there are plenty of people in the world who share similar habits and personalities. That's why people say there's always another version of you out there somewhere, isn't it?"
Bella's red lips curled into a faint, chilling smile, and her eyes glimmered with a cold light. "True. But these two people who are so alike also happen to be on the opposing side. Don't you think that's way too much of a coincidence? TV shows always love those revenge plots where a woman gets plastic surgery and returns for payback. Real life can sometimes be even more dramatic."
Indeed, Bella's life had been a whirlwind a suspenseful blockbuster filled with twists and turns, betrayals, and endless reversals.
Steven swallowed hard. "Ms. Bella, if—and I mean if-Clarice is actually Rosalind, how could a foolish woman like her transform into a doctor? How did she end up by Grant's side? What's the connection between them?"
Bella's gaze darkened. "I don't know. But it's definitely fishy."
The air in the car grew tense, heavy with unspoken truths.
Grant had a connection with Justin, while Rosalind also had a connection with Justin and harbored deep hatred toward Bella.
Given that Grant was able to recruit someone as powerful as Christopher, there was a good chance he also managed to bring Rosalind, who was in exile, under his wing.
"Steve, for now, these are just speculations. We need concrete evidence to back them up. So, until we're sure, don't alert the enemy." Bella's eyes burned with determination. "But whether she is Clarice or Rosalind, if she dares harm Justin or the people I care about, I will not let her go."
Steven nodded solemnly, then added, "Ms. Bella, stay in the car for now. I'll go inside and take a look first." "Not yet," Bella interrupted decisively.
###chapter2366
Chapter 2366
Bella shook her head and said, "She knows who you are, Steve. It will only create trouble if she sees you, so let's wait and see what happens."
Inside the prison, Clarice was welcomed personally by the warden, who escorted her to the section holding inmates with mental illnesses.
"I've already isolated him. A few days ago, he acted up and even approached Attorney Lovett, claiming he needed legal assistance. Can you believe that? He must be really crazy! The warden smirked, his tone ingratiating as if fishing for praise.
"He's mentally ill after all. It's normal," Clarice replied indifferently.
She paused at the cell door, listening to the gut-wrenching screams of a man inside. Her lips curled into a cold smile. Reaching into her lab coat, she pulled out a bank card and handed it to the warden. "You've worked hard. This is your share.
The warden eagerly accepted it, thanking her profusely before leaving.
Clarice's expression darkened as she pushed open the door.
The dimly lit cell reeked of dampness and rot. In the corner, a dirty bed was the backdrop for the chaos unfolding. Two medical staff restrained a man thrashing violently.
His ear-piercing howls made Clarice wince, forcing her to cover her ears.
After injecting him with a strong sedative, the man finally quieted down.
Clarice walked up to him, her heels clicking sharply against the concrete floor. Donning a mask, she leaned closer.
"Who Are... You?" The man struggled to form words, his face pale with fear.
"I'm a prison doctor," Clarice replied, her voice dripping with contempt. "You're sick, and I'm here to treat you.' "I'm... Not sick... I'm not crazy... I didn't kill anyone... I'm innocent!" His bulging eyes and hoarse voice radiated desperation.
"Hmph! Would any of those that end up here actually be innocent?"
Without another word, Clarice pulled a syringe from her pocket and deftly injected the contents into his vein. "Ahhh-!" The man convulsed violently, his eyes bloodshot, his body writhing in agony.
"Prepare an ambulance," Clarice ordered the medical staff coldly. "The inmate is experiencing acute organ failure and requires immediate medical attention outside the prison.*
An hour passed, and Clarice still had not come out.
Bella's unease grew, so she instructed, "Steve, go in now, but avoid Clarice at all costs. Say you're there on behalf of Attorney Lovett to follow up with the inmate called Jonah Ziegler. Act natural."
Steven gave her an "okay" sign and swiftly exited the car, heading toward the prison gates.
About fifteen minutes later, he returned, his expression a mix of confusion and shock.
"Ms. Bella, Jonah Ziegler isn't in the prison anymore. He's been sent away."
"Sent away? By whom?!" Bella straightened, her voice tinged with urgency.
"The guard didn't specify, but he said Jonah had an acute medical condition and was temporarily released on medical parole.
Medical parole?
Bella's sharp mind quickly pieced the events together. Clarice entered the prison under the guise of a doctor, and shortly afterward, Jonah was taken out. It was too much of a coincidence.
She narrowed her eyes and said, "Clarice must have taken him out through the back door. For her to act so seamlessly, she must have people on the inside."
Steven scratched his head in disbelief. "So Jonah really got sick? Is there really such a coincidence?"
"There's no such thing as pure coincidence," Bella said, her tone firm. "It's deliberate manipulation."
Her mind raced, piecing together the threads.
"Jonah had just reached out to your brother for legal assistance, and now Clarice has moved him out of the prison to silence him. It's obvious he knows something significant, something worth hiding. We must find him!"
###chapter2367
Chapter 2367
Bella said, "Previously, Jonah told Clarence that he was innocent. Now, Clarice forcibly had him transferred. Could it be that Clarice was the one who facilitated Jonah's injustice?"
After being prompted by Bella, Steven's thoughts finally clicked into place. "Clarice is afraid that Jonah might expose her scheme, so she used her position as a prison doctor to collaborate with the people inside and urgently had him transferred?!"
Bella lifted the corner of her lips in approval. "If she didn't have ulterior motives, why would she take such a risky and elaborate action? But I don't believe the idea was hers. After all, in my view, she's just someone's lackey."
Steven suddenly understood. 'You mean... The mastermind behind this is Grant?"
"It's possible." Bella's sharp gaze shone like starlight. "So, now we need to find Jonah. If possible, we must protect him. He could be the key figure in revealing the conspiracy behind Grant!"
"Ms. Bella, I just asked around. Clarice left half an hour ago and disappeared without a trace. She might have even switched vehicles midway. How are we supposed to find her?"
Bella pondered for a moment, her eyes gleaming. She picked up her phone and dialed Drew's number
"Bella, I missed you so much!" Drew's youthful voice rang through, sounding so joyful.
Bella scoffed lightly, teasing him. "Drew, you're not a lone wolf anymore. You're a married man now, so I think you should tone it down a bit."
"Your sister-in-law isn't petty enough to get jealous! She loves you even more than I do!"
"Drew, are you on official duty abroad?"
"Just captured two globally wanted spies. I have a few days off and was planning to head home to cuddle with your sister-in-law."
Speaking of Yvonne, Drew's excitement grew, and he momentarily forgot about Bella's lingering heartbreak over the breakup. "What do you think I should get for Yvonne? She never lets me spend money on her, and she's not interested in any of those luxury goods women like. I'm losing my mind trying to figure this out! It'd be so rude to come home empty-handed!"
Bella sighed bitterly. "Drew, it's not that she doesn't like those things. It's just that she's grateful to be loved by you and feels insecure, so she never asks you for anything."
Drew paused, his voice suddenly hoarse. "Bella... Is it really like that?"
"A woman knows another woman best. So Drew, don't wait for her to ask. You need to be proactive and figure out what she really wants." Bella's voice softened, though a bitter taste lingered in her heart.
She had once had true love, so she understood better than anyone. Now that she had lost it, she hoped the people around her could hold onto that happiness.
"Okay, I'll remember what you said." After a pause, Drew asked with a smile, "Bella, is there something you need help with?"
"There is." Bella smiled as well, though her voice turned somber. "Drew, I need you to help me hack into the surveillance system of Savrow's Fifth Prison, as well as the street cameras at the back gate. I'm tracking someone, and it's very important!"
"Got it, wait a sec!"
Without hesitation, Drew hung up the phone, not asking any more questions. He knew Bella had her reasons, and when it came to matters of principle, he never had to worry.
"Ms. Bella, you've changed." Steven looked at Bella with sincerity.
Bella blinked, her eyes lively. "How so?"
"You used to make requests to your brothers without all this buildup. You'd always get straight to the point. But now, you've become more polite."
"Because my brothers all have partners now, they have their own families, so I can't keep being a little nuisance to them, ignoring their partners' feelings."
Bella smiled lightly, her voice calm. "Their partners should be the most important to them, so I need to find a new way to interact with my brothers."
"Ms. Bella..." Steven's eyes turned red, his heart heavy.
Once, her brothers were everything to her.
Now, she was giving that unique love back to them.
Before long, Drew sent the surveillance footage from the prison and the back street to Bella's phone.
In the footage, Clarice and two medical staff were seen escorting Jonah into a black van parked at the back gate of the prison.
The van quickly drove off.
It was clear they were acting with a guilty conscience.
"Looks like Jonah wasn't taken away by an ambulance, he's been sent somewhere else!"
Steven's heart sank. "This is bad! Is Clarice going to silence him?!"
###chapter2368
Chapter 2368
"Theoretically, no." Bella spoke confidently, tilting her head slightly and tapping her forehead with a delicate finger. "A prisoner on medical parole wouldn't draw much attention, but if they disappeared or died, it would certainly cause a commotion. They wouldn't go to such extreme measures unless it was absolutely necessary. So Clarice must have found a place to hold Jonah captive."
She paused and added, "Now that we have the license plate number, finding him will be much easier."
At exactly 3:00 p.m. in the conference room of the Salvador Corporation, a crucial meeting concerning the bidding plan for the Savrow A5 project was held. Every board member was in attendance.
After all, this project was critical for the future of the Salvador Corporation, as well as the interests of each board member and major shareholder.
Gregory, as the chairman of the board, began with an opening speech.
Justin, well-built and poised, sported a sharp suit. As the vice chairman of the board and the heir to the Salvador Corporation, he was seated on Gregory's left side, a position of great power. His rise to this position had not been easy.
When Justin arrived, he could not help but notice that something seemed off. The chair to Gregory's right was empty.
A strange, uncomfortable sensation rose within Justin's chest. His large hand, resting on the table, subconsciously clenched into a fist, the veins bulging visibly, and his temples throbbed, feeling a mix of pressure, pain, and restlessness.
These past few days, his chronic headache had worsened, along with other symptoms such as body tremors and chills.
Countless nights, Justin had endured this torment, relying on adrenaline and sheer willpower to get through until dawn.
So, before this meeting, he had taken the medication again. This time increasing the dosage just to keep his condition under control.
When Gregory finished his speech, Justin lowered his gaze and opened the A5 project plan in front of him, preparing to present it.
"Justin, wait a moment," Gregory suddenly called out.
Justin's heart skipped a beat. At the same time, the door to the conference room slowly opened.
Everyone turned to look in surprise as a tall, elegant figure walked in, exuding a calm and refined presence. With a smile, the man greeted the room.
"My apologies for being late, directors."
Justin froze, his gaze locking onto the approaching man-Grant. His black lashes fluttered, and his fingers, previously steady on the plan, once again tightened into a fist.
In full view of everyone, Grant walked over, passing by Justin.
Justin faintly caught a subtle fragrance in the air.
Even though they did not make any physical contact or exchange glances, Justin could not shake the coldness that spread across his neck and seeped into his limbs.
Grant stood beside Gregory; the father and son exchanged a look. Gregory wore a wide, joyous smile, his large hand patting his eldest son's shoulder, his pride and high expectations radiating.
It was as if he had forgotten that his other son was still present.
At this moment, all of Gregory's attention was on Grant.
"Mr. Grant suddenly barges in. What's the meaning of this?" The directors whispered among themselves.
"Can't you tell from Chairman Salvador's expression? His heart is clearly with the eldest son!"
"But right now, Mr. Justin holds power in the Salvador Corporation. It's hard for two suns to coexist. Not to mention, Mr. Grant's health..."
"I don't see any problem. He looks strong and quick on his feet, even more agile than I am!"
Gregory coughed twice, bringing the room back to silence.
Then, with a beaming smile, he announced. "Everyone, before we formally begin the meeting, there's one more matter to address today. Grant-my eldest son-has returned after completing his studies abroad. Now that everything is in place, after much consideration, I have decided to bring him into the company as a member of the board to help us further strengthen the Salvador Corporation!"
###chapter2369
Chapter 2369
The room fell into stunned silence as everyone exchanged bewildered glances.
However, this was somewhat expected.
Grant was the only son of Gregory's late first wife. The Salvador Corporation and the entire Salvador family should have been his by right. However, due to his health, his younger brother, Justin, had been given the opportunity to rise.
Now that Grant had recovered, he was clearly determined to reclaim what he had lost.
Joining the Salvador Corporation was the first step in his quest to seize control!
It seemed that the power structure within the Salvador family was about to change. The tide was shifting!
At this moment, Paul stepped forward and announced in a serious tone. "We will now proceed with a vote on appointing Young Master Grant as an executive director on the Salvador Corporation's Board of Directors."
As soon as the words left his lips, three board members eagerly raised their hands.
Grant remained calm, but Gregory's eyes lit up, and he gave the three directors an approving look.
Seeing this, the others quickly followed suit.
After all, Grant was the rightful eldest son of the Salvador family, and he clearly had Gregory's favor. It was evident that Grant would become a figure of significant influence, standing on equal footing with Justin in the future.
Allowing him to join the board was a small compromise. No one wanted to risk upsetting Gregory over something trivial.
Besides, many of them had resentments with Justin. Though he had led the corporation to great success, bringing them immense profits year after year, his rigid and straightforward personality made him unapproachable.
In the blink of an eye, nearly every board member raised their hand.
Only Justin remained unmoved. His gaze was lowered, his posture composed, and he showed no reaction. Grant's lips curled into a faint, almost imperceptible smirk as he observed Justin's calm, indifferent demeanor. Grant's eyes, cold and unfathomable, were like a shadowy, primeval forest, cloaked in mystery.
"Justin, do you have an ion to your elder brother joining the board?" Gregory's tone deepened, carrying a faint note of interrogation as he addressed Justin's lack of response.
"With half of the board voting in favor, it's already a done deal," Justin responded coldly, neither angry nor particularly pleased. "My vote doesn't change anything. The chairman has gotten what he wanted. No point in making a big fuss about it, is there?"
The room fell silent. Some exchanged glances while others watched the family strife unfold with faint amusement.
Only Justin would dare to speak like this. He was truly a man whose authority rivaled even the head of the family!
Gregory's face turned pale. He had been publicly challenged, his chest filled with frustration, but he could not lash out in front of everyone and had to suppress it.
"Thank you for your support, everyone." Grant's dark eyes curled into a polite, graceful smile. "Many of you seated here are elders who fought alongside my father to build this corporation. You are not just colleagues but mentors to me. I look forward to learning from all of you in the future and humbly seek your guidance. Thank you in advance."
His words had the soft, warm touch of a gentle spring breeze, leaving the board members feeling flattered and pleased.
Could Justin have spoken like this? No, not at all! Justin was nowhere near as capable of charming the room. Applause erupted, solidifying Grant's entry into the board.
With measured steps, Grant took a seat opposite Justin. Their eyes met, and an invisible wave of tension seemed to ripple through the conference room, threatening to overturn the very walls.
"Next, let's have Justin introduce the details of the A5 project, Gregory said, sitting down with a lingering trace of displeasure in his gaze.
Justin lowered his eyes, picked up the project file, and walked to the podium. Standing before the illuminated screen, he addressed the board.
Applause broke out, and the matter was settled. Grant had officially joined the board. He moved slowly to the seat directly opposite Justin.
As their gazes locked, the air in the room seemed to crackle with an unseen tension, as if a raging storm was about to break loose.
"Next, we will have Mr. Justin Salvador introduce the details of the A5 project."
Gregory sat down, still unable to hide the resentment in his gaze.
Justin lowered his brow, picked up the project document, and walked to the stage. Standing in front of the lit projection screen, he faced the audience.
"The A5 project is a key initiative supported by the Savrow government over the next five years. The
estimated initial investment for the first phase is..."
Suddenly, a loud buzzing sound exploded in Justin's mind. His tall body swayed unsteadily.
The board members, including Gregory, stared at him in shock.
"The investment.." Justin's forehead beaded with sweat as the world around him spun.
A deep, cold, nauseous sensation churned in his gut, tormenting him.
Paul noticed Justin's discomfort and quickly stepped forward, lowering his voice in concern. "Mr. Justin, are you alright? Are you feeling unwell?"
"I'm fine..." But before he could finish, Justin's clenched fist began to tremble uncontrollably.
Blood rushed to his head, and in an instant, everything went black.
With a thud, his body lurched forward and collapsed.
"Mr. Justin!" Paul was horrified, rushing forward to catch him, but it was too late.
The room was in chaos as everyone jumped to their feet. Gregory's face turned pale as he shouted in panic," Call an ambulance!"
Justin lay on the ground, his body slightly convulsing.
In the brief moment before he lost consciousness, he clearly saw Grant's gentle and refined face with a faint, sinister smile that pierced Justin's heart like a dagger.
Then, everything went dark.
Meanwhile, Bella and Drew worked remotely, even getting help from Ralph. After several hours of tracking. they finally located the black van.
On the phone, Ralph, worried about his mischievous younger sister, repeatedly asked, "Bella, what exactly are you planning? Please don't do anything dangerous, alright?! If you do, I'll have to report it to Wyatt and have him punish you!"
Bella chuckled mischievously, teasing him. "Relax. Steve's with me. If there's danger, he'll handle it."
Steven was surprised.
"Ah, okay... Wait! No, that's not right! Steve can't! He's already engaged to Amelia, and she's pregnant with his child. How can you bear to let my nephew grow up without a father?!" Ralph panicked.
Steven grew anxious, his brow beading with sweat as he was left speechless. At first, Bella's words seemed to make sense, but on second thought, he could not help but wonder if she was secretly mocking him.
"Alright, I was just joking."
Looking across the deserted street, Bella's gaze turned icy as she stared at the old private hospital building. Her lips curled slightly. "I won't put myself in danger anymore. Don't worry."
After reassuring Ralph, she hung up, and Steven quickly volunteered. "Ms. Bella, let me go in and check!"
Bella's eyes flashed with a decisive coldness and she answered, "No, I'll go."
Steven was anxious. "Ms. Bella!"
"The situation inside might be complicated. Steve, I admit you're an excellent secretary, but you lack practical experience in infiltration. It's safer for me to go."
"But you're still injured..."
"It doesn't matter. This isn't an issue. Follow my instructions and prepare everything I need. Tonight, I'll take
action!"
###chapter2370
Chapter 2370
Bella donned a set of medical scrubs, tied her hair into a neat ponytail, and put on a thick mask.
She looked so professional that Steven was mesmerized.
Even with her distinctive features obscured, the assurance and bravery she exuded enchanted anyone who saw her.
Especially in the fading daylight, her shimmering eyes sparkled like the starry sky. One glimpse was enough to make someone feel utterly captivated.
Bella gave Steven a sly grin. "What are you staring at? Haven't you seen me like this before?"
Her voice had a playful edge. But she could tell his gaze was not one of romance, just pure wonder and appreciation.
"N-No... It's just that even with only your eyes showing, wearing a white coat, you still look amazing." Steven scratched his head awkwardly, then asked curiously, "Were you like this when you worked for Doctors Without Borders in Kridor?"
Bella adjusted her appearance in the mirror. "More or less."
Suddenly, Steven perked up and asked, "I heard that Justin was also in Kridor for an emergency military mission. Since it's not a huge place, do you think you two might have crossed paths back then?"
Bella's hand froze for a moment, and her little finger, which had long lost sensation, quivered slightly. Her voice had a hint of reluctance as she responded. "Probably not. If we had, how could he not recognize me now?"
Steven's heart tightened. He hesitated but refrained from asking further.
He could not shake the feeling that Bella carried a heavy secret, one she bore alone. Her words just now were filled with a tinge of helplessness and regret.
Before she left, Steven tried to convince Bella to wear a surgical cap as well. After all, Bella was a woman of extraordinary beauty whose brilliance was hard to conceal. The more she covered up, the safer she would be. Now fully disguised, Bella planned to sneak into the hospital through the back door.
She had not expected such a run-down, desolate hospital to have guards stationed at both the front and back entrances. Judging by their demeanor, Bella knew immediately they were not police but rather Clarice's men. This only confirmed her suspicion-whatever was happening inside the hospital seemed extremely shady and not meant for public view.
Rather than rushing in, Bella decided to hide in the bushes and observe the situation instead. It quickly became clear that anyone wanting to enter the building had to show identification, indicating very tight security measures in place.
Frowning, Bella's sharp gaze followed a male nurse who stepped outside for a smoke in a secluded corner. Her eyes narrowed as an idea came to her.
Fifteen minutes later, Bella had managed to obtain an ID card.
The unsuspecting male nurse lay unconscious in the bushes.
Once inside the hospital, Bella found a medical cart to push as a prop and moved through the hallways at a slow pace.
She did not know exactly where the man she was looking for was being held, nor did she naively believe she could rescue him alone tonight. This operation was primarily reconnaissance, laying the groundwork for future plans.
Taking a deep breath, Bella walked past room after room.
What she saw left her utterly shocked.
The patients confined here were all critically ill-men, women, the elderly, and even children.
Each lay listlessly on grimy hospital beds. None of them were receiving proper emergency care. Instead, they were only hooked up to IV drips containing substances Bella could not immediately identify. As a doctor, Bella could tell at a glance that these patients were in dire straits, with many on the brink of death.
Why were they all being kept here? And why did it seem like no effort was being made to treat them? It was as if they were just waiting to die.
Suspicion churned within Bella. She clenched her teeth and discreetly took out her phone, intending to record the scene before her.
"Hey! You there!"
A sharp voice from behind startled Bella, making her heart leap.
She pretended to be calm and turned around to see a guard approaching. He looked at her suspiciously and asked, "I don't remember seeing you before. Are you new?"
Although Bella was fully covered, the hospital did not have many female medical staff, so her presence inevitably drew attention.
###chapter2371

Chapter 2371
Bella chuckled and said, "I'm new around here, sir."
She flashed a sweet smile and continued, "There have been a lot of new people moving into the neighborhood lately, so Dr. Amaryllis has temporarily assigned me to lend a hand."
"Oh, is that so?" Upon hearing Clarice's name, the man no longer suspected anything and simply said, "Don't go wandering around. A male patient just came in today, and he's very important to Dr. Amaryllis. Head over there and see if she needs any help!"
Bella felt a wave of relief wash over her as his suspicion faded. She quickly responded with a bright smile, "Okay, I'll head there right away!"
Back at Savrow's top hospital, Justin's condition had stabilized, and he had been transferred to a regular ward for monitoring.
However, his sudden collapse earlier today during the meeting in front of the entire board of directors created quite a commotion within Salvador Corporation. Rumors were spreading like crazy.
Grant, who had once been frail and ill, now exuded a vibrant energy, whereas the once robust and dynamic Justin now appeared to be in a worrying state.
In just a few short hours, gossip had begun to circulate within the Salvador Corporation, speculating that Grant might reclaim the position of heir and fully take over the company. "Doctor, how is my son doing?!" Gregory anxiously grabbed the doctor's arm in the hallway. "Chairman Salvador, please rest assured. Mr. Salvador's life is not in danger, but —"The doctor's eyes flickered with doubt. "His symptoms are quite complicated and don't seem to be a simple case of illness."
Standing behind Gregory, Grant momentarily displayed a hint of dark malice on his otherwise refined and elegant features, the corners of his lips curving upward before settling back into a neutral expression.
Gregory's face turned pale. "Then what's going on?!"
"About that... We'll need to wait for the blood test results to make an accurate diagnosis."
After the doctor left, Grant approached Gregory, gently guiding him to a nearby chair. He spoke in a composed and reassuring tone. "Dad, don't worry too much. Justin has always been in great health, unlike me. He'll pull through this."
"Great health... Will he really recover?" Gregory raged, pounding his chest in frustration." Ever since Justin sustained that brain injury and barely survived, he's become more eccentric, and his health has been on the decline! All of this is because of that wretched Bella. She's nothing but a troublemaker, constantly stirring up chaos in our family!"
"Dad, please don't speak of Ms. Thompson that way."
Grant's tone remained calm, though his gaze grew dark and cold. "In my eyes, Ms. Thompson is a wonderful woman. She has never harmed Justin. Everything that happened was his own choice. I hope you can get along peacefully with her in the future and refrain from making hurtful comments."
Gregory was taken aback, scrutinizing Grant's deep gaze. He curiously asked, "Grant... Are you serious about Ms. Thompson?"
Grant's lips curled into a gentle smile. "Of course. More serious than ever before."
Gregory frowned deeply. "Does it have to be her? There are plenty of good women in the world..."
Grant's voice was steady and firm, each word deliberate. "It must be her. Please, Dad, give us your blessing."
"Grant, you've had a tough life, growing up far from me all these years without asking for much. Now that Justin and Bella have gone their separate ways, I won't stop you if you want to go after her, even though I'm not exactly happy about it."
He continued, "But Bella comes from a prominent family. She's not only strong-willed but also deeply attached to Justin. She even went so far as to secretly marry him without her father's approval.
"Even if I were to arrange a proposal and fully support you, do you really think she would accept it? Besides, Wyatt is notoriously difficult to handle, and he's determined to have Justin as his son-in-law. Do you think he'd allow his daughter to end up with you, Justin's own brother?"
Gregory's concerns were evident.
Grant lowered his gaze, chuckling softly. "You're right, but I believe that over time, things will work themselves out."
Everything would change.
The lives altered by that kidnapping incident-his and Justin's-would be restored. He would reclaim everything that was rightfully his and set the world back on its proper course. "Dad, if—just if..." Grant's pale, slender hand lightly patted Gregory's back as he asked softly, "If Justin's health fails him, leaving him unable to shoulder Salvador Corporation's responsibilities, what would you do?"
Gregory sighed heavily, clutching his forehead. "Indeed, if Justin can't recover, who else could help me manage the company?"
Grant leaned closer, speaking softly into Gregory's ear. "If you trust me, I could help Justin temporarily until he's well again."
###chapter2372

Chapter 2372
"Grant, are you feeling better these days?" Gregory asked, his eyes widening in surprise at Grant's remark.
After all, for nearly two decades, Grant had lived independently in Sentania, never asking for favors and never causing him any trouble.
In fact, during two critical crises for Salvador Corporation, it was Grant who stepped in to save the day from a distance, helping the family navigate through those tough times.
Reflecting on it, Gregory felt a shift in perspective for Grant. Feelings of guilt and admiration swelled in his heart.
"I'm doing much better these days. Otherwise, you wouldn't be seeing me up and about without a wheelchair, would you?"
Grant's smile was gentle but genuine, his tone earnest. "Dad, I know how much Justin means to you and the company. I have no intention of competing with him. I only want to ease your burden and help Salvador Corporation through this difficult time. The bidding for the A5 project is just around the corner, and Justin is someone with a strong sense of responsibility. If he fails to secure A5, he'll surely blame himself."
He continued, "In my heart, I hope he wakes up tonight and returns to work tomorrow as if nothing happened. But if he doesn't recover immediately, I can help stabilize the situation until he's back on his feet. The A5 project is his hard work, and he deserves all the credit; I won't interfere with that."
"Grant, you've always been the child I worried about the least. Now you've grown into such a mature, reliable, and understanding man. Having a son like you truly makes me proud!"
Gregory was deeply moved. His large hand landed heavily on Grant's shoulder, and his eyes turned red.
"The A5 project is a top priority, especially with the bidding conference coming up next month. If Justin's condition doesn't get better, I may need you to step in and temporarily fill the president's role until he recovers."
"Absolutely not!" A loud voice interrupted Gregory, cutting him off mid-sentence. Gregory froze, caught off guard by the sudden interruption.
Though Grant's smile remained unwavering, his gaze shifted towards the source of the voice, carrying an icy, murderous edge beneath its calm surface.
"Justin's position is his alone! No one else is allowed to touch it!"
Approaching from the far end of the corridor, Nigel, accompanied by his secretary Matt, arrived in a wheelchair. A powerful aura surrounded him as he hurried forward.
"Dad, why didn't you let me know you were coming? I would've come to meet you!" Gregory quickly stood up.
Grant rose with composed grace, bowing slightly. "Grandpa."
Nigel's eyes burned with fury. Leaning on Matt for support, he gradually rose to his feet, his shaking finger aimed squarely at Gregory's stunned expression.
"Justin is only sick, not dead! For years, he's poured his heart and soul into making Salvador Corporation the pinnacle of success in Savrow. Yet now, at the first sign of trouble, you're ready to strip him of everything he's worked so hard to build up?"
"Gregory, are you his real father or just a stepfather? Are you so clueless that you've got mush for brains? What you're doing... Is this how you repay all that Justin has sacrificed? Is this how you honor the memory of his late mother, the woman you claim to have loved more than anyone else?"
"Dad... I..." Gregory's gaze wavered with grief at the mention of Justin's mother, leaving him lost for words.
Grant shot a glance at Gregory, his expression indifferent, before looking away again.
After a moment, Gregory pulled himself together and tried to explain. "Dad, I have no intention of suspending Justin. But he's hospitalized and still unconscious. The company has invested a billion dollars into the A5 project, and the bidding is imminent. The president's seat cannot remain empty at such a critical moment!"
Nigel furiously said, "I already spoke with the doctor on the way here. The doctor said that Justin is only temporarily unconscious - he could be back on his feet as soon as tomorrow!"
"But what if he doesn't wake up?!" Gregory rebutted anxiously.
Nigel shook his head in disbelief. "How could a father say something like that about his own son? Gregory Salvador, listen to yourself—is that even something a human would say?" Nigel's body trembled with anger. "Even if Justin doesn't wake up right away, you're the chairman. You can act on his behalf! As for the A5 project, I can personally make the decisions. There's no need to let anyone else take his place at such a critical moment. If Justin wakes up and learns of this, how heartbroken do you think he'll be?!"
Gregory's face flushed with embarrassment and then drained of color. He let out an exasperated sigh, clearly ridden with regret.
###chapter2373

Chapter 2373
"Grandpa, please calm down." After a long silence, Grant finally stepped forward, his smile warm and gentle.
"You've misunderstood Dad, and you've also misunderstood me. I've never had any intention of taking Justin's place. I'm someone who's lived with a crippled body for years being alive and well is already a blessing. I wouldn't dare to ask for anything more. In my eyes, there's no one more suited to lead the Salvador Corporation than Justin. Please don't worry or get upset over this."
Nigel gazed at Grant's calm expression, but a startling recollection flooded his mind-a bloodied young boy, his lips curving into a chilling smile as he held onto a butcher's knife.
A sharp ache shot through his chest, and his body trembled violently before Grant quickly stepped in to steady him. "Grandpa, be careful!"
Nigel struggled to regulate his breathing and held onto Grant's cold and smooth hands. His voice trembled with a plea. "Grant... You wouldn't harm Justin, would you? He lost his mother at such a young age and suffered so much through endless hardships. He's given everything for Salvador Corporation. Please, for his sake, try to be understanding ... Don't make things harder for your old grandfather, okay?"
Grant's smile softened, but there was a haunting edge to his expression. "Grandpa, it seems you've forgotten that I, too, lost my mother when I was very young."
Nigel's breath hitched, his chest tightening.
"But don't worry," Grant said soothingly, his cold hand now covering Nigel's weathered one, gently caressing it. "No one can take what belongs to Justin, not even me."
After slipping out of sight, Bella heaved a deep sigh of relief.
She had no intention of appearing in front of Clarice or causing any commotion today. Her goal was to scope out the area and plan her next steps carefully.
For now, she had recorded everything she witnessed in the hospital. She would analyze it thoroughly later.
Just as Bella was about to leave, she caught sight of Clarice stepping out of an elevator with a cold expression, striding briskly down the hallway.
Bella held her breath, clenched her teeth, and followed quietly, making no sound.
"Sir, it's been taken care of," Clarice said as she lit a cigarette, taking a long, indulgent drag.
Bella's eyes narrowed sharply as she focused on Clarice's striking figure. The white lab coat she wore was utterly at odds with her sultry demeanor.
The person Clarice was calling was the same "Boss" that Christopher had referred to before, which meant that their boss was almost certainly Grant!
"Don't worry. I'm keeping an eye on him. He won't ever be able to utter another word in this lifetime," Clarice said with smug satisfaction, her tone dripping with triumph.
Bella's fingers tightened against the corner of the wall, her nails nearly digging into the plaster. A cold glint flashed in her eyes.
If Grant had instructed Clarice to transfer that man, then what exactly was his true ive?
As Clarice finished her call, she crushed the cigarette butt under her heel and turned to leave. Bella suddenly had a clever idea. Speaking in a softer tone, she called out, "Rosalind Gold!"
Clarice froze mid-step, her heart momentarily skipping a beat. Instinctively, she turned around and scanned the hallway behind her.
But there was no one there.
###chapter2374

Chapter 2374
Clarice turned around, her eyes scanning the empty hallway as an icy chill ran down her spine.
She had heard someone calling her "Rosalind Gold", a name she had long since abandoned. That was a remnant of a past she believed she had put to rest for good. Yet now, it was resurfacing, threatening to drag her back into memories she had sworn to kill.
For years, she believed she had cut off all ties with her former self, but hearing the name she had carried for over two decades still triggered an instinctive response.
"Dr. Amaryllis!" At that moment, a man who appeared to be a director approached with a respectful smile, followed by two medical staff.
"I've prepared the latest batch of drugs. Should we administer it to the test subjects today?"
"How many times must I tell you?" Clarice's voice turned icy as she fixed her gaze on him." They are not test subjects. They are patients. Don't make it sound as if we're monsters."
The man chuckled and responded, "Of course, you're absolutely right!"
"By the way," Clarice added, her eyes narrowing slightly. "Did you see anyone suspicious while you were on your way here?"
The trio exchanged confused glances.
"Suspicious? No, Dr. Amaryllis. This place is tightly guarded-it's almost impossible for anyone unauthorized to sneak in."
Clarice let out a derisive snort. "Don't get complacent. We're in Savrow now, not Meridan. Better safe than sorry."
Meanwhile, Jace had also been summoned to the hospital to lend a hand.
As he walked forward with his usual stoic composure, he spotted a couple of medical staff wheeling a hospital bed in his direction. At first, he paid it little mind, but then a weak, frail voice reached his ears, emanating from the bed.
"Brother... Save me... Please... Save me..."
Jace's cold gaze dropped to the source of the voice.
On the bed lay a girl, deathly pale and trembling. Her thin arm, peeking out from the sheet, was covered in bruised and swollen needle marks.
His eyes narrowed, and he paused in his steps. The girl's tear-filled eyes locked onto his, brimming with despair and agony.
Jace had seen countless dead bodies in his life and even more people on the brink of death. But this girl's gaze struck him in a way that his cold soul could not ignore. It was like a dagger plunged into his chest.
Eventually, the girl, her face full of hopelessness, was wheeled away.
Jace grabbed one of the medical staff by the arm, his deep voice trembling slightly. "She's still alive, isn't she?"
"Barely." The staff member's response was harsh. "Dr. Amaryllis instructed us to deal with her as soon as possible."
Jace's brow furrowed as he asked, "Was it a relapse?"
"No, the drug trial failed," the staff member replied indifferently, as if they were discussing the weather. "But even if it hadn't, she's terminally ill. She'd die sooner or later anyway, so it's better to put her out of her misery now."
"Put her out of her misery?" Jace's fists clenched involuntarily, the veins on his hand bulging, mirroring the storm brewing in his mind.
He did not see himself as a virtuous man, but the inhumanity of these people scraped against the last shreds of his moral compass, grinding it to dust.
Just then, Clarice approached him, her tone as cold as ever. "I'll be meeting the Boss shortly. You're responsible for watching over that man tonight. This is a direct order from the Boss himself."
Jace stared at her, his expression dark and unreadable, as though he wanted to say something but ultimately held back.
At that moment, a male doctor came running toward them, clutching his neck and wincing in pain. "Dr. Amaryllis... I was attacked!"
Clarice's expression froze. "What happened?"
"This afternoon, I went out for a smoke," the man stammered, his face pale and lips tinged with blue from the cold. "Someone struck me from behind, and then... I don't remember anything! When I woke up, I was lying in the bushes. I almost froze to death!"
Jace's face remained impassive, though a flicker of intrigue danced in his dark eyes.
"Who attacked you? What did they look like?" Clarice demanded, her voice sharp.
"I... I didn't see..."
"Useless!"
"But... I think... It was a woman!"
Jace's gaze sharpened slightly, a ripple of surprise crossing his otherwise stoic expression.
A woman had dared to infiltrate this heavily guarded facility? Bold move. Did she not know the rules? Under the Grant's orders, any trespassers in the restricted zone only had one
outcome awaiting them-death.
###chapter2375

Chapter 2375
"Also... My access pass is gone! That woman must've taken it when she attacked me!"
Clarice's heart skipped a beat.
The voice calling out her old name made Clarice uneasy, and her suspicions that it was not just her imagination began to sink in.
A chill ran down her spine as cold sweat broke out. She quickly gave orders to Jace. "I have to meet with the Boss now. Comb through the surveillance footage and find out who had the audacity to cause trouble here! Report back to me and the Boss immediately!"
Jace watched Clarice storm off, his expression grim.
Having successfully escaped the hospital, Bella quickly got into the car as Steven hit the accelerator, speeding them away into the night.
Steven could not help but glance over at Bella, whose face was ghostly pale, her lips frosted white as though frozen.
He asked anxiously, "Ms. Bella, did you find Jonah? Was he there? What's the situation?" Bella remained lost in her sea of thoughts, her dark eyes filled with melancholy.
"Ms. Bella? Are you alright?" Steven raised his voice slightly, trying to snap her out of it. "She turned around..."
Steven blinked in confusion. "Who?"
Bella slowly lifted her gaze, a fierce resolve burning within. "I called Clarice by another name -Rosalind Gold-and she turned around!"
The screech of the brakes pierced the stillness of the night as the car abruptly stopped by the roadside.
After listening to Bella recount what had happened, Steven's grip on the steering wheel tightened, his fingers almost ripping through the material.
"Ms. Bella, if Clarice responded to that name, could she really be Rosalind? Did Rosalind really get plastic surgery?"
"The hallway was quiet. If you suddenly called out, most people would instinctively look back." Bella reasoned, her tone cold and analytical. "But Clarice's reaction wasn't normal."
Her eyes narrowed as she continued, her hands clenching unconsciously. "There was shock and a hint of panic in her gaze."
"She's gone through all the trouble to reinvent herself, returning from Meridan; of course, she'd want to bury her past completely," Steven said, teeth gritted. "But 'Rosalind Gold' is a
name that followed her for over two decades. It's not something you can just forget. When someone calls it unexpectedly, her subconscious reaction is unavoidable."
As the tide of information flooded her mind, Bella began to piece the puzzle together. "Rosalind has reinvented herself as Clarice, Grant's personal doctor. If Grant is the "Boss" they mentioned, then Clarice and Christopher seem to be his closest confidants. Their return to Savrow and their involvement with Salvador Corporation are all part of a bigger plan. Hiding Jonah is just one part of their agenda. That hospital and the terminally ill patients there may be hiding a dark and sinister secret!"
After all, Bella and Justin had uncovered the truth about the human drug experiments that once terrified Savrow-the mastermind behind it was Christopher.
Now, looking back, it was likely that the true puppeteer behind everything was Grant!
The thought of Grant's calm, elegant face made Bella's skin crawl. That seemingly gentle and noble visage now struck her as sinister and unsettling, like it was teeming with menace. What was Grant planning?
If he wanted Salvador Corporation, targeting Justin would have been enough. But what was his ultimate goal in doing this?
"Ms. Bella, that hospital is definitely suspicious! Should we inform Ralph and let the authorities handle it?" Steven asked anxiously.
"No, we can't act rashly yet." Bella shook her head and said, "Do you think they'd dare pull off something like this without covering their tracks? They likely have their people in the police force too."
"If the police make a move, the hospital will be emptied before they even arrive. Once they scatter, finding another lead would be nearly impossible."
"Then... What do we do?" Steven sighed, his frustration evident.
Bella's voice grew quieter, but her words carried weight. "Grant's uncle, Lucas, is in Fifth Prison, isn't he?"
"Yes, Ms. Bella. As you asked, I found out Lucas is being held as a high-priority mental health prisoner under heavy security. Only family members are allowed to see him."
The car fell into a heavy, oppressive silence, but Bella's mind raced. Then, as if struck by a bolt of lightning, she shot upright and exclaimed, "Ah! So that's it! That's their plan!"
With a thud, Bella's head slammed into the car's ceiling with a loud thud, making her wince in pain as tears sprang to her eyes.
"Ms. Bella, what plan?" Steven asked, unconcerned about her bumping her head- he was too desperate for answers.
Bella rubbed her sore head, but her eyes shone with a sudden realization, exclaiming. "It's all a ruse!"
###chapter2376

Chapter 2376
It was a quiet night. The VIP ward of the hospital was so silent that even a pin drop could be heard.
In the office of the attending physician, Clarice placed a black bank card on the coffee table and leisurely sipped her tea.
"Dr. Amaryllis, what do you mean by this?" Dr. Wagner stared at the card in astonishment.
Clarice smiled slowly and asked, "The blood test results for Mr. Salvador are out. Dr. Wagner, surely you must have noticed something unusual, right?"
Dr. Wagner hesitated in his words. "Mr. Salvador's blood sample does indeed contain some peculiar substances."
"For instance, methamphetamine?" Clarice added.
Dr. Wagner was stunned. "How do you know?!"
"In truth, you must have suspected this from the beginning of his treatment. His symptoms -rather than being signs of a recurring headache-are more akin to those of a drug withdrawal episode, aren't they?" Clarice's eyes gleamed coldly as she pressed him further.
Dr. Wagner's hands trembled, barely able to hold his teacup. He hurriedly tried to explain. " Severe headaches can sometimes induce similar reactions under intense stress. It doesn't necessarily mean drug withdrawal."
The idea that Justin, the esteemed president of the Salvador Corporation, might be battling a drug addiction was unthinkable.
If word got out, not only would the entire Salvador Corporation be shaken to its core, but the whole of Savrow would be thrown into chaos. His own life could also be in peril. He had to tread carefully!
With a crisp clink, Clarice placed her teacup down, a cold smirk playing on her lips. "What if it really is a case of drug addiction?"
Dr. Wagner broke into a cold sweat and stammered, "Dr. Amaryllis, what exactly are you implying?"
"I want you, as Mr. Salvador's attending physician, to issue a medical report stating that his illness is caused by drug abuse. Specify every substance found in the test results. This card contains a $10 million deposit. Once the task is done, you will receive an additional $20 million as compensation. You will not be shortchanged."
Raising her chin slightly, Clarice looked at him with an air of superiority. "That's $30 million. Dr. Wagner, you probably wouldn't earn that much even if you worked yourself to death in this job. Besides, I know you are in desperate need of money. Your son, who is studying abroad, has severely injured someone and is now in custody, requiring a hefty sum to resolve the matter. Your wife also needs a bone marrow transplant, which is no small
expense."
Dr. Wagner's eyes widened in shock. At this moment, standing before this woman, he felt utterly exposed, as if stripped bare. She had hit every nerve with precision, leaving him no room to resist.
"You hesitate only because you fear it is slander. You are afraid of offending Mr. Salvador and being unable to bear the consequences."
Clarice chuckled. "You need not worry. First, the tests did reveal illegal substances in Justin's blood sample. You are not slandering him. Secondly, the Salvador Corporation is on the brink of a new era."
"A new era?"
A gleam of greed flickered in the woman's eyes as she spoke with wild arrogance. "Justin's health is deteriorating. Whether it's due to drug use or addiction, he is no longer fit to lead as president. Now, Grant has returned. As the eldest grandson of the Salvador family, he is in excellent health and no less capable than Justin. Once Mr. Salvador steps down, Mr. Grant will take over the Salvador Corporation completely and become the rightful heir. By then, Dr. Wagner, your contribution will be invaluable. Mr. Grant will never forget your help."
Dr. Wagner felt as though he was sitting on pins and needles, his back drenched in cold sweat.
Yet he knew he had no choice. Becoming embroiled in the Salvador brothers' feud was his inescapable fate.
Reluctantly, he accepted the card with repeated expressions of gratitude.
Justin remained unconscious, yet Nigel insisted on staying in the hospital to watch over his grandson.
Despite his old age and exhaustion, Nigel refused to leave, no matter how others tried to persuade him. This forced Gregory to stay at the hospital as well.
However, Grant could see through it all.
Their grandfather, with his frail and aging body, stayed only to ensure Justin's safety and to prevent Grant from making any moves against him.
Sitting outside the hospital room, Grant stared through the glass at his comatose younger brother. The corners of his cold lips curled upward.
###chapter2377

Chapter 2377
Grant whispered to himself, "Grandpa, you truly favor him. But how much longer can you protect him?"
Grant's smile no longer carried the charm of a gentle breeze. Instead, it resembled a
venomous serpent, cold and menacing, with eyes like a bottomless abyss. "Don't you realize that the more you shield him, the more harm you do to him?"
"Sir." Clarice hurried over, bowing deeply before him. "The task has been completed."
Grant glanced at her, and she immediately understood. Pushing his wheelchair, she escorted him to the lounge to speak privately.
"That Old Master Nigel is infuriating!" Clarice fumed on his behalf. "Who does Justin think he is? You're the one who should inherit the Salvador Corporation! Even now, the old man is hell-bent on protecting that illegitimate child. Is he senile?!"
"It's to be expected." Grant's smile lingered, though it never reached his eyes. "To Grandpa, Justin is his true grandson. After all, he's been estranged from me for a long time."
"How utterly detestable! He can't even distinguish between close and distant ties!" Clarice was livid, stomping her foot in frustration. "Even though I bribed Dr. Wagner to confirm that Justin abused illegal substances, with the old man guarding him, it still seems impossible to bring him down or to utterly destroy him!"
Grant's dark, brooding eyes settled on her. He smiled faintly, a hint of mockery in his gaze. You hate him that much?"
"I hate him! I'd kill him myself if I could, carve him up, and feed him to the dogs!" Recalling her downfall from being the pampered daughter of the Gold family to a ruined woman begging on the streets, Clarice felt her eyes burn red with hatred.
She gritted her teeth, choking back the vulgar curses she wished to hurl at Bella in Grant's presence.
Grant squinted, his melodious voice carrying a hint of laziness. "To hate so deeply means you once loved just as deeply."
A chill ran down Clarice's spine. Her chest tightened as she scrambled forward, kneeling at his feet and gazing up at him with devotion. "No, Sir! You are the only one in my heart. There's never been anyone else, not even Justin! Back then, I was too young, too naive, too foolish! I was deceived by Shannon. Otherwise, how could I have ever crossed paths with someone so lowly?"

Grant ignored her protestations. He mused aloud, "Profound love and deep hatred... I've never experienced either. That's why I envy you for having hate. I also envy my brother for having love."
Grant bore no hatred for Justin, nor for his grandfather or anyone else. It seemed he did
those cruel acts only because he found it amusing.
Just then, Clarice's phone rang. The caller ID displayed Jace's name.
"Hello?" Clarice answered, her tone curt.
"I checked. There's nothing." Jace's voice was icy and emotionless.
"That's impossible! With so many surveillance cameras inside and out, you're telling me not a single one captured anything? I don't believe it!"
"If you don't believe me, come check yourself." With that, Jace coldly ended the call, leaving Clarice fuming. She almost threw her phone in anger.
"Sir, earlier today, a woman broke into Lab One. She injured a doctor and stole his access card. I had Jace investigate, but he said the surveillance cameras didn't capture her. How unlucky!"
Grant's dark eyes remained calm. "Did she cause any trouble?"
"No, nothing at all. Afterward, we conducted thorough checks and searches. Nothing was stolen, and there were no irregularities."
Clarice hesitated, her expression flickering with unease. "But... But that person seemed to recognize me."
Grant raised an eyebrow, intrigued. "Oh?"
"She... She called me by my real name." Clarice's eyes darted nervously as she shivered at the memory. "I've completely changed my face with plastic surgery; I even had my vocal cords altered. I've undergone professional training in my speech and behavior. How could I possibly be recognized? It's impossible!"
"There are no absolutes." Grant idly turned the ring on his finger. "Anyone capable of breaking in and leaving unnoticed must be both bold and resourceful. Moreover, she seems to know you quite well."
Clarice suddenly froze, her eyes widening in realization.
"I know who it is! It must be her... It has to be her!"
###chapter2378

Chapter 2378
Grant asked, "Who?"
"Yvonne! It must be Yvonne!" Clarice gritted her teeth in fury. "She's been with Christopher for years. She must have heard things about me. She's even met you a few times in Meridan. Now that I'm back, she must have suspected something and has been shadowing me! That incident at the orphanage was the first sign!"
Grant smiled faintly, offering no comment.
Clarice's eyes gleamed with malice. "Sir, we cannot let Yvonne live! If she suspects me, it doesn't matter. But if she starts suspecting you and goes to Bella with nonsense, that will be a problem!"
Grant appeared slightly weary. "Your concern is not unfounded. However, I don't have the time or energy to waste on such irrelevant people right now."
"Sir, please leave it to me!" Clarice kneeled before him, gripping his hand tightly in hers." That vile woman is mine to deal with. Whatever it takes, no matter the cost, I will protect you and ensure you claim everything that rightfully belongs to you!"
**
The next evening, in the wine cellar at Yara Park.
"What did you just say? A switcheroo?!" Ralph was so shocked that his brows knit into a frown. He nearly crushed the glass in his hand. "Are you telling me the prison system in Savrow is useless? Are we acting in "The Shawshank Redemption'?!"
Bella swirled her glass of red wine in one hand, propping her chin with the other. "More like "The Shawshank Swap'."
She smirked and was about to take a sip when Asher suddenly appeared.
His large hand covered the rim of her glass. "Bella, the doctor told you-no alcohol for a month. Did you forget?"
"Oh, come on! We're in a wine cellar!" Bella pouted in dismay.
"A prisoner gets switched out under everyone's noses, and someone else takes their place? This is worse than an escape! If word gets out, the police will be humiliated!" Ralph
slammed the table in anger. "No way! First thing tomorrow, I'm reporting this to the department!"
Bella's gaze turned sharp. “Absolutely not. If Lucas could orchestrate this from within the prison, it means there's a mole in the Savrow Police. If you report it and make it public, we'll lose our lead. Worse, we may never uncover Grant's hidden conspiracy. A lack of patience will only lead to chaos."
Asher nodded solemnly as he swapped his sister's wine with a glass of warm water. "I agree
with Bella. Acting now will ruin everything."
Ralph groaned in frustration, burying his face in his hands. He was a police officer driven by an unwavering sense of justice. To know a criminal was roaming free and be forced to wait was worse than torture!
Asher sat beside his sister. "Ralph, has anyone at the precinct been acting suspiciously lately?"
"A colleague?" Bella's almond-shaped eyes narrowed. She took a sip of water. "For someone to have this level of power, their rank must be fairly high-possibly as high as the commissioner."
Ralph's eyes widened in disbelief. "Bella, are you saying you suspect Superintendent Donald?"
"For now, keep this under wraps, act as though nothing happened, and quietly investigate Lucas' prison records. We need more evidence before drawing conclusions."
Ralph ran his tongue over his teeth, his jaw tightening. Finally, he made up his mind. "Fine! Bella's instincts have never been wrong. This time, I'll follow you all the way and make sure I don't mess things up!"
Bella chuckled, her smile lighting up the room.
Ever since Justin's troubles began, it had been a long time since her brothers had seen her smile. It warmed their hearts so much that their eyes glistened with unshed tears.
"Next, I need to investigate the patients held in that abandoned hospital building." Her expression grew serious. "Something about their situation is deeply troubling."
"I don't understand one thing." Asher frowned, his handsome features darkened by confusion. "The Fowler family has completely collapsed. They have nothing left to offer Grant. Why go out of his way to help Lucas escape prison?"
Bella tapped her delicate chin with a finger, lost in thought.
Asher's question struck the heart of the matter.
Grant's polished, courteous exterior masked a cold and ruthless personality. He never did anything that didn't benefit him, nor did he help people who were of no use to him. His treatment of Christopher was proof enough of his cruel and calculating nature.
After a moment of silence, Bella took a deep breath.
"They must be working together. But to what end, we'll need to dig deeper to uncover."
In the kitchen, Yvonne helped Celeste and Sasha prepare snacks for the family to enjoy the next day.
Drew had bought Yvonne a villa in Hatchbay and registered it in her name. It was close to Yara Park, making it convenient for her to visit.
Yvonne had no family of her own. To her, the Thompson family was her family. She often visited to lend a hand, though she was careful not to overstay her welcome, mindful of causing any inconvenience.
Her cautious, gentle nature endeared her to the Thompson family, though it also made them pity her all the more.
"Yvonne, when Drew returns next time, you two should get your marriage sorted," Sasha said while kneading dough. She exchanged a knowing look with Celeste. "No need for all this back and forth. Just move in and save the trouble. Besides, we need a fourth player for our
card games!"
Yvonne's cheeks flushed crimson as her heart raced. She fumbled with the dough in her
hands. "I-I don't really know how to play."
Celeste beamed, chiming in, "Sasha is right. You'll be part of the family sooner or later. With Drew away so often, we'd feel better if you weren't living alone.
"It's fine. I can come and go. I don't mind the trouble, and I can take care of myself." Yvonne's voice was soft and sweet. Her humility was tinged with an undercurrent of
uncertainty.
Deep down, she remained haunted by feelings of unworthiness and a fear of losing the happiness she had found. Even though she knew Drew loved her, her insecurities lingered.
Sasha was about to speak again when she suddenly froze.
Drew was standing in the doorway of the kitchen. His hands casually tucked into his pockets, his gaze locked onto Yvonne's slender back. His eyes burned with an intense, undeniable affection that seemed to fill the room with warmth.
###chapter2379

Chapter 2379
Being a carefree soul, Sasha was delighted to see Drew return after his travels.
Just as Sasha was about to greet him, Celeste darted forward, clamped a hand over her mouth, and shot her a knowing look. Celeste dragged Sasha out of the kitchen, leaving behind only the pair of lovers.
Yvonne, puzzled by the sudden silence, was about to turn around when Drew's hands gently covered her eyes.
Her heart skipped a beat. She pressed her lips together and spoke softly, her voice as tender as a spring breeze.
"Drew, stop playing around."
"Tsk, you didn't even guess, yet you knew it was me? Can't you be a little romantic, wifey?" Drew chuckled, withdrawing his hands.
His broad palm slid down her delicate waistline, eventually resting possessively on her hips, the fabric of her velvet pants soft under his fingers.
"You... Stop being indecent," Yvonne whispered, her body trembling slightly at his touch. She leaned into his embrace, her eyes glistening with a gentle warmth that hinted at longing.
"There's worse to come," Drew murmured, smirking as he leaned in. His lips claimed hers in a deep, ardent kiss, one filled with passion and restraint lost to the moment.
The man's skillful movements left Yvonne flushed and breathless. Her petite frame instinctively arched backward, her flour-dusted hands awkwardly fumbling, unsure of where to settle.
"Hold me," Drew said hoarsely, his voice thick with desire.
Unable to resist, Yvonne wrapped her arms around his strong neck, her delicate hands pressing against his back. The white flour from her hands left visible marks on his dark trench coat, contrasting starkly yet harmoniously—a symbolic union of their worlds.
The kiss deepened, their breaths mingling, creating a melody of intimacy that filled the
room.
Only when they were both gasping for air did Drew finally release her. He gazed at her flushed face, her eyes bright and shimmering. His Adam's apple bobbed heavily as he rasped, "Did you miss me, hmm?"
"Yes," Yvonne answered softly, her obedience melting his heart.
Ever the rogue at heart, Drew pressed his stubbled chin against her cheek, playfully nuzzling her. "Prove it to me."
"Everything's in the fridge. While you were away, I made a lot of your favorite snacks..." Her
voice trailed off as her cheeks turned pink. "They're not much, just small things..."
Drew felt a lump rise in his throat as he pulled her into a tight embrace.
Born into privilege yet accustomed to a life of chaos and shadows, Drew had long craved the simple joys of warmth and companionship. Everything he had ever yearned for, Yvonne had given him. She was his world, his peace, and his happiness.
"What are you saying? Anything you give me is the best in the world," he murmured, his voice thick with emotion.
Yvonne buried her face against his chest, her cheeks burning as she basked in his tender words.
"I love you, Yvonne. I love you more than anything," Drew whispered fervently, his voice hoarse yet sincere.
Yvonne blinked playfully. "Then, prove it to me."
The corners of Drew's lips quivered into a devilish grin. "As long as your body can handle it, I'll prove it for three days and nights without stepping outside."
He nipped at her crimson ear, his eyes ablaze with unbridled desire. Yvonne's face turned an even deeper shade of red as she pushed against him in protest.
Three days and nights. She had endured that once before. It was an experience both intoxicating and overwhelming, a blend of pleasure and torment.
The dough lay forgotten on the countertop, their task abandoned. Yet, in another sense, the two of them were about to create something far more complete and fulfilling.
Two hours later, after an intense session of passion, Drew carried Yvonne to the bathroom for a bath.
They had a routine during such moments-Yvonne never allowed the lights to be turned on during their intimacy. Drew respected her wishes. He never questioned her preferences. Exhausted, Yvonne had fallen asleep in his arms.
When the warm sensation of water brushed against her skin, she finally stirred and woke up. She opened her drowsy eyes to find herself submerged in a warm bath, entirely bare. Dressed casually in a bathrobe, Drew sat beside the tub while meticulously wiping her skin with a towel. Startled, Yvonne let out a soft cry and instinctively wrapped her arms around herself, splashing water everywhere.
"Yvonne, what's wrong? Are you okay?" Drew asked, alarmed by her reaction.
###chapter2380

Chapter 2380
Drew was drenched, but he paid no heed to himself.
His large hands firmly gripped Yvonne's trembling shoulders. "Don't be afraid... I'm here! Don't be afraid!"
Yvonne stared at him blankly. Her lips parted, her face pale, like someone who had just escaped from the suffocating depths of the ocean.
"Did you have a nightmare? Don't worry... I'm here; your husband's here." Drew's voice trembled with panic as he held her tightly in his arms.
"I... I can wash myself," Yvonne stammered, trembling violently as she tried to cover the old scars on her body.
Those years under Christopher's torment in Pivotage had left countless scars—both
physical and emotional. The flood of shameful, dark memories overwhelmed her, leaving her gasping for air.
The reason she never allowed the lights on during intimacy was her deep psychological scars surrounding the subject. She had always bathed alone, unwilling to let anyone, especially the one she loved most, see the ugly marks that bore witness to her painful past.
Drew's eyes flickered with shock, and in that instant, he understood everything.
Without hesitation, he stepped into the bathtub, immersing himself alongside her. His bloodshot eyes shone with determination as he wrapped his arms tightly around her fragile frame.
"Yvonne, listen... Listen to me," he whispered.
Yvonne's teary eyes gradually steadied under the warmth of his embrace, her erratic breathing slowing.
"You're amazing, Yvonne. Being with you is the greatest blessing of my life. I'm the one who's unworthy of you," Drew said, his voice filled with both tenderness and pain.
As he gently patted her trembling back, his fingers brushed over the scars that marred her skin. Each one etched itself into his heart, a testament to her suffering. "The past is behind us. Let's look forward. The good days are still ahead, waiting for us."
In the early hours of the morning, Yara Park lay shrouded in stillness.
Unable to sleep, Bella wrapped herself in a soft blanket and sat alone on the veranda, gazing at the snow under the moonlight.
However, her mind was far from the serene scene. She was preoccupied with thoughts of Justin's well-being as well as the sinister schemes Grant and Lucas might still be plotting.
"Bella? What are you doing here?"
Startled from her reverie, Bella turned to see Drew approaching. Her face lit up with joy. “ Drew, when did you get back?"
"Tonight. I'm sorry-I've been taking care of Yvonne and didn't get a chance to see you or Asher."
Feeling guilty, Drew removed his black wool coat and draped it over Bella's shoulders. "It's freezing. Don't sit out here. Go inside."
"I'm not cold. I used to love sitting here watching the snow. Mom loved it too," Bella replied, though she could not miss the worry etched into her brother's expression.
"Drew, is everything alright with you and Yvonne?"
"Yvonne's not doing well," Drew admitted, his heart clenching at the memory of her desolation.
"What happened?"
"She still can't let go of the past. She doesn't say it because she doesn't want me to worry, but I know she's battling it internally, trapped in a cycle of self-doubt and denial."
Drew sank down beside Bella, his gaze distant as he stared at the vast snow-covered expanse.
The pain was evident in his eyes. "At the end of the day, it's my failure. I can't pull her out of the darkness..."
"Yvonne is the strongest woman I've ever met. Anyone else would have crumbled under what she endured. She's truly admirable," Bella said softly, patting her brother's slumped shoulder. "Drew, it'll get better. Time and your love are the best medicine for her."
Drew closed his eyes, his voice firm. "Once I finish my current tasks, I'm going to marry Yvonne. After that, I'll apply to leave the organization. I'm done."
Bella's eyes widened in disbelief. "Drew, you're resigning?"
The career he had vowed to dedicate his life to--was he truly ready to abandon it for Yvonne?
"Yes. Yvonne needs me. She needs someone by her side." Drew's expression softened as he smiled. "I've had this thought for a while now, and tonight, I made up my mind. All I want is for Yvonne to be happy. Without that, everything I've achieved is meaningless."
Bella was deeply moved by her brother's unwavering devotion. Tears welled up in her eyes as she marveled at his resolve and love.
"By the way, Bella," Drew said with a cheeky grin, breaking the somber atmosphere. "If there's anything you need done, now's the time to ask. Once I lose my special privileges, you might not get another chance!"
After a brief silence, Bella let out a heavy sigh, her expression turning sharp and determined.
"Drew, if it's possible, help me investigate Lucas Fowler, the former chairman of the Fowler Corporation and Grant's biological uncle. Can you do that?"
###chapter2381
Chapter 2381
Drew asked, "Grant's uncle? Bella, what does this person have to do with you?"
Bella gazed up at the moon; her eyes were cold and unwavering. "I've always suspected that Lucas and Grant were secretly close; perhaps they are secretly collaborating on some unfathomable conspiracy.
"I believe he's a key breakthrough point. Getting close to him and uncovering his whereabouts could finally expose Grant's true colors and the secrets he's been hiding."
"Bella, you could have lived a carefree and happy life," Drew said as he looked at her sadly. "But for Justin's sake, you always put yourself in the line of danger."
"I can't just sit still. A calm and peaceful life doesn't suit my free-spirited soul," Bella replied softly. "Right now, looking at the Salvador family, it's clear the only real obstacle is Grant. If we can't expose his true colors, he'll continue to guilt-trip Justin under the guise of being his savior.
"On top of that, he would secretly play the victim to win over Chairman Salvador. If this continues, Justin's position would be in danger. It's like walking on thin ice. Besides, Justin is too kindhearted and overvalues loyalty. He'll always end up suffering for it."
Looking at Bella's determined expression, Drew felt his eyes well up with tears.
Bella was a determined and resilient person, willing to push herself to the limit and endure difficulties. But she could not bear to see her loved ones suffer, not even the slightest.
She brought the conversation back on track. "Lucas was secretly swapped out of Savrow's Fifth Prison by Grant. The man serving his sentence in his place is Jonah Ziegler, who has been made a scapegoat. The fact that this has gone unnoticed for so long shows they have insiders within the police and that the prison staff have been thoroughly bribed."
She continued, "If we try to investigate publicly through the officials, it'll only lead to more problems. If this scandal leaks, it will spark a massive scandal across the justice system in Savrow. The higher-ups would surely pressure them, ultimately leading to a cover-up. The scapegoat would likely lose his life, and we'd lose any chance of catching Grant off guard in the future."
Drew's expression grew solemn as he nodded. "I understand."
"Grant went to such great lengths to protect Lucas, which means this man is extremely important to him." Bella frowned, deep in thought. "But the Fowler family has long since fallen. What value could a convicted murderer like him, who's spent years rotting in prison, possibly offer Grant? That's the question I need to figure out."
"Lucas has likely already fled the country," Drew said, narrowing his eyes as he ran a hand over his chiseled jaw. "I wouldn't be surprised if Lucas has some kind of network or power abroad. Grant might be trying to use his uncle's resources to establish himself in Savrow and compete with Justin for the family inheritance."
"Power abroad?" That phrase instantly piqued Bella's interest, causing her to lean in closer.
Drew raised an eyebrow. "Think about it-how else could the crippled Grant possibly have the means to go up against Justin? Someone has to be backing him. Otherwise, he'd just be pretending, and that would be pretty stupid."
Bella said, "If Lucas has already fled overseas, we'll also need to keep an eye on Grant's movements. Wherever he's traveled recently might give us a clue to where Lucas is hiding."
"Bella, leave this to me," Drew said affectionately, pausing as his voice lowered. "I'll look into it. Starting tomorrow, I'll be busy tying up loose ends at work so I can step away completely. While I'm gone, please take care of Yvonne for me."
Bella's eyes turned red as she nodded gently. "I will."
8
After 72 hours in a coma, Justin struggled to wake from the darkness.
"Mr. Salvador! You're finally awake!"
"Justin! It's Grandpa!"
Standing by his bed, Nigel, Matt, and Ian's cheerful expressions gradually became clearer as Justin regained his vision.
"How long was I unconscious?" Justin asked, rubbing his throbbing temples.
With Ian's help, Justin got up and leaned against the headboard.
###chapter2382
Chapter 2382
Nigel gazed at his most cherished grandson with distress. "Justin, you've been asleep for three days."
Three days?!
Justin took a sharp breath. He felt his head was spinning and his body was weak.
"Justin, are you feeling pain in any other parts of your body?" Nigel asked worriedly.
"Grandpa, I'm sorry." Justin swallowed uncomfortably as he struggled to speak. "Right now, it's the critical bidding period for Salvador Corporation's major project, and I've delayed it."
"you silly boy, you've done nothing wrong. What's there to apologize for?" Just like when Justin was a child, Nigel reached out and gently patted his grandson's head. "No project or bid is more important to me than my grandson."
He continued, "Justin, don't worry about the Salvador Corporation. Don't be afraid that collapsing in the middle of the board meeting will affect your position in the company. You're the heir I've chosen. No matter what happens, that won't change."
Justin's expression remained calm, but what Nigel said stirred something within him.
"Focus on getting better. Let me handle the rest!" Nigel declared.
Justin blinked slowly and said, "I'm fine now. I can leave the hospital today."
Ian quickly interjected, "Mr. Salvador, there's no rush. Please don't push yourself too hard!"
"The bidding for the A5 project is next month. We can't afford any delays," Justin replied calmly, pulling the needle from his hand. "Ian, get my clothes ready. We're going back to the Salvador Corporation."
Whenever Justin had made up his mind, no one could stop him.
In the end, Justin left the hospital fully dressed up with Ian by his side. The luxury car sped toward the Salvador Corporation headquarters.
Throughout the ride, Justin kept his eyes closed, resting quietly. His sharp jawline, usually commanding, now carried traces of weariness and vulnerability.
His mind kept replaying the moment he collapsed at the board meeting the last thing he saw before blacking out was the sinister, eerie smile on Grant's face.
That smile carried a faint but unmistakable excitement, as if Grant had been waiting for this moment. There was no shock or concern, just the feeling that everything had gone exactly as planned.
"That's strange," Ian said, frowning as he glanced out the window. "Why are there so many reporters gathered outside the building?"
Justin suggested, "Head to the underground parking lot."
The car turned toward the underground lot, but unexpectedly, reporters were swarming there as well.
As soon as the car pulled in, the reporters rushed forward like a swarm of bees, surrounding the vehicle.
"Mr. Salvador! There are rumors about your poor health, saying you might not be able to continue leading the company. Do you have any comments on this matter?"
###chapter2383
Chapter 2383
Justin's gaze turned even darker.
The tinted windows shielded his expression, but the reporters pressing their faces against the glass irritated him. He pressed his lips together as he adjusted his tie with a deliberate tug; his muscles bulged with the movement. "Mr. Salvador! It's reported that you collapsed in public and were hospitalized for several days. Is there something wrong with your health?"
"If there's no issue, could you address the public to put their minds at ease?"
"The stock price for Salvador Corporation fluctuated significantly when the market opened today. Could it be related to your hospitalization? Would you care to comment?"
The luxury car forced its way through the mob, eventually making its way into the underground parking lot.
"Damn it! Unbelievable!" Ian slammed his fist against the car door in frustration. "Who had the nerve to leak news of your hospitalization to the press?"
"Who else?" Justin's sharp, bloodshot eyes narrowed coldly.
Realization hit Ian like a bucket of ice water. "Grant!"
None of the other board members had the nerve. In high-profile families like theirs, health matters were kept strictly confidential to avoid giving rivals any opportunity to exploit or sabotage them.
The only one with the motive, resources, and something to gain was Grant.
"Mr. Salvador, your so-called righteous, saint-like brother has officially shown his true colors!" Ian's voice was full of fury, an angry laugh escaping him. "I knew it! I knew he didn't come back with good intentions. It hasn't even been six months, and he's already losing the mask! Does he seriously think throwing out some vague rumors will shake your position at Salvador Corporation? What a joke!"
"Why are the reporters here though?" Justin's frown deepened, muttering to himself.
"Isn't it obvious?" Ian exploded. "It's to embarrass you! He is stirring up chaos while he hides in the shadows, forcing you, the president, to clean up the mess. It's so damn despicable!"
Still, an unshakable unease gnawed at Justin. Something did not feel right.
After clearing the reporters, the group entered the Salvador Corporation's headquarters.
Justin's tall, commanding presence was undeniable. Every step he took was steady and composed, with no sign of illness or frailty. Following closely behind were Ian and four uniformed bodyguards.
Normally, Justin preferred to keep a low profile with only Ian accompanying him. But today, his grandfather insisted on pulling out all the stops. After all, one had to project strength and authority after coming back from an illness.
"Mr. Salvador!"
Everyone who crossed his path stopped to bow respectfully.
Justin acknowledged them with a slight nod, his dark eyes cold, and his presence so powerful it sent chills through
the air.
As they made their way to the private elevator, a commotion erupted in the lobby. "What's happening over there? Go check it out," Ian ordered one of the bodyguards. The bodyguard walked a few steps before bumping into three men heading their way. "This area is restricted. No unauthorized access is allowed," the bodyguard stated firmly.
"Police." The voice was clear, commanding, and eerily familiar.
Justin, who had remained composed, turned to the source of the voice.
The moment he saw the man before him, his pupils contracted sharply. Standing before him was none other than Ralph, Bella's seventh brother.
"Ralph... Captain Thompson?"
###chapter2384
Chapter 2384
Ian hurried forward, his face lighting up with relief when he saw it was someone from the Thompson family. He welcomed them warmly. "Captain Thompson, are you here to see Mr. Salvador? Let us head upstairs!"
"No need." Ralph's expression was stern as he pressed his lips together. Keeping his tone strictly professional, he said, "We are indeed here to see Mr. Salvador, but we need him to come with us to the police station to cooperate with an investigation."
By now, several Salvador Corporation employees had gathered to watch.
They had all heard Ralph's words clearly. He said "cooperate" not "assist".
The subtle difference between the two words carried a world of implications, and everyone there understood it. Ian's mind raced, and he quickly lowered his voice to an almost pleading tone. "Captain Thompson, there are too many people watching. This isn't good for anyone. Could we go upstairs to discuss this in private?"
Ralph's brow furrowed tightly. He understood the procedure better than anyone. But this was not just anyone he was here to take in. It was Justin, the man who had almost become his brother-in-law. The man who had risked his life time and again for his younger sister.
For the first time, Ralph hesitated.
"I'll go with you." Justin's voice was calm as he stepped forward, his expression unreadable as he locked eyes with Ralph.
Ralph pressed his lips together tightly, his gaze conflicted and heavy with emotion.
As two police officers approached Justin, Gregory stormed over with Paul at his side, followed by a group of senior executives from the company. His face was flushed with anger.
"Your actions are outrageously reckless! Do you police officers have any idea where you are?!" Gregory's fury only intensified when he realized it was someone from the Thompson family.
He roared, "You've brought officers here in full view of everyone to take Justin away for questioning? He's the president of Salvador Corporation! Have you considered what this will do to his reputation? To the company's image? Can you even begin to compensate us for the losses this will cause?!"
Turning to his secretary, he shouted, "Paul, call the Salvador Corporation's legal team immediately! Today's incident will not be brushed aside. Justin will not be taken away just like that!"
Paul nodded. "Understood, Chairman Salvador."
Ralph felt a surge of frustration boil in his chest. He nearly swore out loud. He wanted nothing more than to stuff a shoe into Gregory's mouth to shut him up.
He had intended to take Justin quietly, minimizing the impact. But Gregory just had to swoop in and make a spectacle of it, blowing the situation out of proportion.
Ralph thought, 'What a disaster! If Old Master Nigel had even one more child, someone else would've taken over the family, and this idiot wouldn't be calling the shots.'
"Chairman Salvador," Ralph said with forced politeness, though his tone was firm. "I'm sorry, but I have to take him today, no matter what."
Before the situation could escalate further, three plainclothes officers emerged from the crowd and presented their identification.
Ralph's heart sank when he saw the leader.
Leading them was a man with an air of arrogance that made Ralph grit his teeth.
It was Jack Lowe, the captain of the second investigative team and Ralph's long-standing rival.
"Who are you?" Gregory asked, clearly baffled.
"I'm Captain Lowe. I've worked with Captain Thompson for years," Jack said with a faint smirk.
He glanced at Ralph mockingly and said, "Since Captain Thompson's younger sister is closely connected to Mr. Salvador, the familial conflict-of-interest rule applies. As of now, I'm taking over this case entirely. Captain Thompson, you and your team may leave now."
The arrogance in Jack's tone was infuriating, but Ralph and his team had no choice but to accept it.
Ralph felt a cold weight settle in his chest.
He had not been notified of this change before setting out. How had the case been reassigned so quickly?
Something about all this felt off.
Throughout the entire confrontation, Justin remained composed, his expression betraying no emotion. It was impossible to read his thoughts.
But inside, his mind was racing.
From the moment he had left the hospital and returned to the Salvador Corporation, it felt like someone had been watching him from the shadows.
It was as if someone was weaving a net to trap him, forcing him to constantly be on guard.
###chapter2385
Chapter 2385
Jack stepped forward and held an arrest warrant in front of Justin.
He deliberately raised his voice so that everyone present could hear him loud and clear. "Mr. Salvador, you are under suspicion of drug abuse. Please come with us."
The words hit like a meteor crashing through the sky, leaving everyone stunned and scrambling to process what they had just heard.
Justin's brow twitched sharply, and his temples throbbed painfully.
"Drug abuse? Are you accusing Justin of drug abuse? That's absurd!" Gregory was so shocked he went pale, his voice trembling with disbelief.
Ian's mind buzzed, and he nearly blacked out from listening to the accusation.
Jack added smugly, "We wouldn't make an arrest without evidence."
Ralph clenched his fists tightly, gritting his teeth in silent frustration.
Accusing Justin of drug abuse? He wouldn't believe it even for a second. But now that the case had been reassigned, there was nothing he could do to clear Justin's name.
The employees of Salvador Corporation who had overheard the claim were equally shocked, whispering among themselves in rising waves of disbelief and speculation.
In less than an hour, the news that the president of Salvador Corporation had been arrested for alleged drug abuse would likely spread like wildfire, not only through the company, but perhaps even the entire city of Savrow.
"Ian, stay here. Keep the company running as usual and maintain order," Justin said calmly.
With that, Justin stepped forward with composure, his tall, broad figure radiating unshakable confidence. Without panic or hesitation, he said, "I'm willing to fully cooperate with your investigation. Let's go."
At the KS Group, Bella was conducting a meeting with the company's senior executives.
The young woman, dressed in a sharp black suit with sleek, flowing black hair and vibrant rosy lips, stood confidently on stage and presented her proposal with clarity and poise.
The senior executives, who were veterans of the industry, listened intently and took detailed notes, impressed by her exceptional competence.
Bella exuded calm authority; her composure and charisma reminded them of the golden era under Wyatt's leadership.
Just as the meeting reached a pivotal moment, Bella's earpiece buzzed with Steven's urgent voice.
"Ms. Bella, we have a problem! Mr. Salvador has been taken in by the police on suspicion of drug abuse!"
Bella froze, her breath catching in her throat. The laser pointer in her hand slipped and fell to the ground. The executives exchanged uneasy glances, unsure of how to react.
Bending gracefully, she picked up the pointer with trembling fingers and straightened her back stiffly.
She forced a calm smile, but her reddened eyes betrayed the storm brewing within her. "Let's continue the meeting."
One hour later, when Bella was finally back in her office, she snapped, grabbing a cup from her desk and hurling it at the wall.
Steven knew she was truly furious now; her anger had reached its boiling point.
"Ralph didn't want to disrupt your work, so he called me first to explain the situation," Steven said, his expression heavy. "I realized it was urgent and informed you immediately."
Taking a deep breath, he continued in a low voice, "Ralph has been removed from the case and can no longer interfere. I've heard Mr. Salvador is already at the station, and they'll be conducting a urine test or hair analysis to verify the allegations."
Bella gritted her teeth, pressing her palms to her burning forehead. Her voice was tight with suppressed rage. "The medication Justin has been taking contains banned substances. Even if he hasn't used drugs, the tests will label him an addict." She paused, her voice trembling with emotion. "Steven, do you understand what that means?"
Steven hesitated, struggling to respond.
Bella said, her voice trembling with fury, "It means Justin's hard-fought position as president of Salvador Corporation is at serious risk. He could lose everything."
###chapter2386
Chapter 2386
"How is that even possible?!" Steven was visibly shaken; his eyes widened in disbelief. "Grant relies on a wheelchair to get around. He's been taking medication for years and needs constant care. How could someone like that handle the responsibilities of a president?
"Besides, Justin has Old Master Nigel backing him, and his feud with Gregory has already been resolved. How could Grant overthrow him and take the position for himself? Does he even have the support? Are his legs up to it? Even if he makes it, he'll just fall flat on his face. Old Master Nigel would never stand by quietly!"
"But you have to realize there are only two heirs to the Salvador family: Grant and Justin," Bella said, her eyes shut tight as she racked her brain, biting down on her lips so hard that it bled.
"If Justin falls-and worse, drags the entire Salvador family down with him-then no matter how much Grandpa Nigel loves him, he'll have to consider the family's future. Not to mention, after Grant's return, Chairman Salvador's stance shifted from favoring Justin to staying neutral. If push comes to shove, Grandpa Nigel might have no choice but to give up on Justin and let Grant take over."
Steven's face turned deathly pale upon hearing this.
Bella took a deep breath, her chest rising and falling sharply. "Of course, that's the worst-case scenario. In Grandpa Nigel's eyes, no amount of power or status outweighs the safety of his grandson. If the fight continues, who knows what deranged schemes Grant might come up with? Grandpa Nigel has been guarding that bloody secret and bearing the pressure for years. He must be suffering."
"Ms. Bella, we must figure out a way to help Justin through this crisis!" Steven leaned forward with worry etched across his face as he looked at the gloom-stricken Bella.
"The Salvador Corporation... It's the result of years of hard work by Justin. We can't let it fall into the hands of someone with ulterior motives! Steve, no one wishes for Justin's victory more than I do. If the righteous path won't work, then I'll take the dark one. No matter the means, I will protect Justin and the Salvador family."
After some deliberation, Bella's eyes opened once more, bloodshot and determined. "Ever since Arnold left, Grant planted Clarice by Justin's side. The illegal drugs Justin has been taking were all given to her by Grant.
"He's been watching from the shadows, waiting for the perfect moment to act. Then he'll contact reporters, call the police, and launch a seamless chain of attacks. It's a well-executed plan, leaving no room for error."
Steven cursed under his breath. "That bastard... He's pure evil!"
"Steve, we need to send a top-tier, reliable lawyer to handle this." Bella's mind was meticulous, her approach leaving no loose ends. "Right now, aside from Grandpa Nigel, I trust no one in the Salvador family. But Grandpa Nigel is old, and his strength is waning. Besides Matt, who knows if anyone around him has already been bought off by Grant?"
"Ms. Bella, if you trust me, could we let my second brother, Clarence, take on Justin's case?" Steven's eyes burned with sincerity. "Back in the day, everyone in Savrow thought Hunter was the best lawyer. But they overlooked Clarence, who's the real gem of the legal world. He's been a judge for years and hasn't argued cases, so people tend to underestimate him. But he's formidable."
"I trust the Lovett brothers. Let's go with your suggestion." Bella took a deep breath. "The battle ahead will be tough. Justin has been detained, public opinion is in an uproar, and the media frenzy is relentless. Money isn't the issue. The priority is to control the negative press."
Steven nodded firmly. "Understood! I'll contact the PR and media departments immediately for emergency action."
In the interrogation room of Savrow's police station, Justin sat under the piercingly bright white lights. Three hours had passed since he got here.
Yet his cold, chiseled face showed no signs of fatigue. His sharp suit was immaculate-not a crease in sight. His
tall, lean frame remained straight and composed.
The saying "unmoved even as mountains crumble" found its perfect embodiment in this man.
After an indeterminate amount of time, the door to the interrogation room swung open.
Jack walked in with another officer, his expression frosty. He slapped a test report onto the table in front of Justin, his gaze sharp and aggressive. "The results are out. Positive."
Justin's dark eyes flickered slightly, his lips pressing into a thin line. "I have not taken drugs."
"You think this is fake? Are you implying our police lab is just for show?" Jack sneered. He pulled out a small plastic bag and waved it in front of him. "Recognize this? It was found in your office drawer."
Justin stared at the bag of blue pills, his gaze darkening. The veins on his hand bulged as his fingers curled into a fist.
That was the last bag. He had deliberately left it behind, knowing he was already dangerously dependent on it. He wanted to restrain himself, to stop using it.
In the past, skipping a dose would only give him a headache. Now, the withdrawal felt like ants crawling under his skin, biting and gnawing at his bones.
###chapter2387
Chapter 2387
The sensation was unbearable, tormenting Justin to the point where even his extraordinary willpower felt inadequate. It was worse than death.
"Do you even know what this stuff is?" Jack questioned sharply.
Justin's voice was low. "What?"
"It's called Crystal Ice. Currently, it's the most toxic and addictive new drug on the market!"
Justin's pupils contracted violently, his breathing faltering, "What did you say it is?"
"Mr. Salvador, at this point, the evidence is irrefutable. Do you really need to keep acting?" Jack stood before him, his gaze cold and unyielding. "Confess honestly. Don't waste our time, and don't waste your precious time either. It's your first offense, so the sentence won't be severe. A real man owns up to his actions. Think it through."
Justin lowered his gaze, his brows furrowing deeper and deeper. Yet beneath his composed surface, an intense flame blazed in his eyes.
The drugs had come from Clarice. In other words, they were provided under Grant's orders.
From the beginning, Grant had never intended to cure him. Instead, he had lured Justin into drug dependency. Step by step, Grant had pushed him into the depths of hell, forcing him into a devil's pact.
The realization hit Justin like a thunderbolt, his thoughts in turmoil. His temples throbbed violently, his vision wavering between blurry and sharp.
At that moment, the door to the interrogation room opened once more.
Justin squeezed his eyes shut, then opened them to see a sharply dressed man with refined features approaching.
His voice was steady, each word resolute and firm. "I am Justin's attorney, Clarence Lovett. From this moment on, my client has the right to selectively answer or refuse any unreasonable questions posed by the authorities."
"Judge Lovett-?!" Jack stared at Clarence in astonishment.
As members of the same judicial system, how could he not recognize the once-renowned Clarence Lovett? "Judge Lovett?" Justin's forehead was damp with cold sweat. His thin lips moved faintly.
Clarence's calm smile carried a hint of warmth. "I am no longer a judge. Today, I'm simply your lawyer, Mr. Salvador."
Jack's lips curled into a mocking smile. "Hah, leave it to the Salvador family, Savrow's top financial power, to hire the once-principled, fearless Judge Lovett,"
"Different roles come with different responsibilities. As a lawyer, I believe everyone has the right to defend themselves." Clarence's demeanor remained composed as he seated himself beside Justin.
The two men exchanged a brief but meaningful glance.
Clarence then leaned closer, lowering his voice so only Justin could hear. "It was Ms. Thompson who asked me to assist you."
Justin stared at him, his heart pounding erratically as if desperately trying to break free from the thorns binding it. Clarence straightened and picked up the test report. His tone was calm but carried an edge of authority. "While the test result is positive, it does not conclusively prove that my client consumed illegal drugs. Certain banned medications, when overdosed, can also yield a positive result. Don't you think your conclusion is a bit premature, Captain Lowe?"
A nearby officer interjected indignantly. "But we found Crystal Ice in his office! Even if it wasn't a large quantity, it still constitutes possession!"
"I've seen plenty of these frame-ups before." Clarence set the report aside, his sharp gaze cutting like an arrow.
CI
Two months ago, our firm handled a case where someone accused their manager of embezzlement. The police found a box of cash in that manager's car. But after investigation, it was revealed that someone had deliberately broken into the car's trunk to plant the money.
"The Salvador Corporation's headquarters has thousands of employees. Even with security measures in place, can you guarantee no one could sneak in and plant this substance to frame my client?"
Jack's temper flared. His jaw clenched tightly. "Hah, Judge Lovett, you certainly have a way of playing with words."
"There's one more thing," Clarence pressed, his voice heavy with gravitas. "You accuse my client of drug use. Do you have a complete chain of evidence?"
Jack's brows furrowed deeply.
Clarence leaned forward, his tone cold and deliberate. "Do you have proof that Mr. Salvador purchased these drugs or instructed someone else to purchase them on his behalf?"
###chapter2388
Chapter 2388
Justin sat next to Clarence, maintaining an impassive expression. Yet, inside, he was full of admiration for Clarence's understated brilliance.
For someone like Justin-proud and aloof by nature-few people in the world could earn his respect.
If he could overcome this ordeal and return to the Salvador Corporation unscathed, he swore to personally invite Clarence to become the company's legal advisor. Clarence could name his price.
As expected, after Clarence's relentless questioning, Jack's expression gradually stiffened. He exhaled heavily, his frustration evident.
Jack had been thoroughly outmaneuvered.
"You can summon my client for questioning or even suspect him, but every case must adhere to a fundamental principle of procedural justice."
Clarence's gaze remained steady, exuding the commanding presence of a former high judge.
"However, if you can't produce evidence proving my client consumed drugs, purchased them, or if you fail to find credible witnesses, then the most you can do is detain him for 24 hours."
A junior officer, unwilling to back down, blurted out angrily, "As the head of a large corporation, he could easily obtain this stuff through clandestine means. His trusted subordinates would gladly risk everything for him. They've probably all coordinated their stories by now!"
"Shut up!" Jack snapped, glaring at the officer.
"So, it seems you really don't have any solid evidence. In that case, there's nothing more to discuss," Clarence said with a faint smile.
"If you want to investigate the people around Mr. Salvador, by all means, go ahead. How you conduct the investigation and whether you find anything is your concern, not mine. I'll stay by my client's side for the entirety of the 24-hour detainment.
"If you don't mind, could someone fetch me a cup of coffee? No sugar and milk, please. Thank you."
Jack stormed back to his office, fuming with rage, only to be greeted by more bad news from his subordinates.
The surveillance footage from Justin's office, the one where the 'Crystal Ice' was allegedly found, had been completely erased. No evidence had been captured, and there was no way to recover it.
Now, whether the drugs had been placed there by Justin himself or planted by someone else remained an unsolvable mystery.
Unbeknownst to them, Bella had already made her move, staying one step ahead.
She had immediately contacted Ian, instructing him to erase all surveillance footage from Justin's office. Regardless of whether the footage helped or harmed Justin's case, it had to be wiped out entirely.
The goal was to sever any leads the police might have, ensuring they could not accuse Justin of drug possession. Otherwise, the charges would only escalate.
As Jack grappled with the situation, a junior officer rushed into his office. "Captain Lowe, someone is here to see you!"
"I'm busy! Can't you handle it?" Jack barked without looking up. "If it's not urgent, don't bother me!"
"He said he's a witness. He can prove that Justin used drugs."
Jack's eyes lit up. He shot out of his chair and sprinted toward the hallway.
A middle-aged man stood nervously, clutching a brown envelope with trembling hands.
"You're the witness?" Jack approached, his tone suddenly accommodating.
"Yes..." The man's voice was shaky. "I'm Dr. Wagner, the attending physician who treated Mr. Salvador during his recent hospitalization."
"This is his diagnosis report and blood test results."
Jack took the envelope, opened it, and carefully examined the contents.
###chapter2389
Chapter 2389
"Mr. Salvador's blood contains methamphetamine..."
Jack's pupils constricted sharply.
That compound was all too familiar. It was a key ingredient in Crystal Ice!
Dr. Wagner hesitated, lowering his voice. "Moreover, if my assumptions are correct, Mr. Salvador was hospitalized due to severe withdrawal symptoms. Without timely intake, his body simply couldn't handle it. Would this count as evidence?"
"Dr. Wagner, thank you very much for providing this evidence and for cooperating with our investigation!" Jack exclaimed, gripping the doctor's hand firmly, his excitement barely contained.
Meanwhile, around the corner of the corridor, Ralph leaned against the wall, eavesdropping on their conversation with keen ears.
His expression darkened, a storm brewing in his chest. Gritting his teeth, he pulled out his phone and sent a message to Bella.
[Bella, there's been a change in the situation! I can't intervene in the case, but this time, you have to save Justin!]
An hour later, Jack strode back into the interrogation room, brimming with confidence.
He slammed the blood test report onto the table in front of Justin and Clarence.
"This is new evidence from your attending physician, Dr. Wagner. Your blood contains substances that only drug addicts would have!"
Clarence's expression darkened. He grabbed the report, scanning it meticulously. However, Justin remained remarkably composed.
With his gaze lowered, the strong, chiseled line of his jaw tightened like a blade, exuding unyielding determination.
Deep down, Justin had expected this. He knew this entire setup was orchestrated by his older brother, Grant, and it would not be easy to escape this trap.
"It doesn't matter if you took it yesterday or a year ago; drug use leaves its mark," Jack sneered triumphantly." Methamphetamine stays in the body for up to two years. There's no way you could metabolize it so quickly!"
With what he considered irrefutable evidence, Jack smirked, his tone dripping with satisfaction.
"The fact that you've used drugs is solid. There's no room for denial. Starting now, you're looking at a minimum of 15 days of detention. The food in there isn't gourmet, and the hard beds will destroy your back. Someone like you who is accustomed to luxury should brace yourself for the experience."
For an ordinary person, a first-time drug offense might result in a slap on the wrist-15 days of detention. But for someone of high status and vast influence like Justin, the consequences would be catastrophic.
Once labeled a drug addict, Justin would carry that stigma for the rest of his life.
Salvador Corporation's image would crumble, and he would no longer be able to appear in public without jeopardizing the company's reputation.
Clarence's chest tightened as he stared at the report, frantically calculating their next move. But before he could speak, he was interrupted by Justin's calm voice.
"I did not use drugs," Justin said evenly, his tone devoid of fluctuation. "Three months ago, when my health began deteriorating, I started taking medication to suppress my symptoms. Afterward, my elder brother, Grant, under the guise of helping with my treatment, assigned his private doctor to oversee my care."
Jack's brow furrowed. "Private doctor? What's the doctor's name?"
"Clarice Amaryllis," Justin replied slowly, lifting his sharp gaze. His eyes remained unwavering, shining with unbroken resolve despite the adversity before him. "Since she took over my treatment, every subsequent medication I consumed came from her. She assured me that these were prescribed to manage my condition, not illegal drugs."
Jack's expression stiffened. He had believed this evidence was enough to seal Justin's fate, secure a conviction, and satisfy Superintendent Donald.
What he did not anticipate was this unexpected twist-a private doctor called Clarice Amaryllis stepping into the picture.
###chapter2390
Chapter 2390
This situation had spiraled far beyond Jack's expectations, layered with complexities and hidden agendas.
Justin sat tall, his posture straight and demeanor upright, exuding an air of righteous confidence.
His military background shone through, his presence steady and commanding completely at odds with someone allegedly controlled by drug addiction.
"I didn't know it was a drug," Justin added, his tone calm yet resolute. "As you mentioned, this is a new designer drug that only emerged in Savrow two months ago. Even those as experienced as you have just recently encountered it. How could someone like me, with no prior exposure, recognize it?"
Justin's piercing gaze met Jack's.
"Secondly, if I had known, I would never have taken it. My body is already facing health challenges. Adding drug use would be suicidal. Do you think I value my life so little?"
He paused, his words sharp and unwavering. "Am I so tired of living that I'd dig my own grave?"
Jack hesitated, grappling with the sheer conviction emanating from Justin. His argument was logical, his presence commanding. It was difficult to reconcile this man with the image of a drug addict.
Clarence broke the silence, his tone measured but firm. "Captain Lowe, I suggest you summon Dr. Amaryllis for questioning immediately. If she was the one providing the medication, she must know its origin. Furthermore, if the pills found in Mr. Salvador's office are indeed Crystal Ice, then Dr. Amaryllis is a prime suspect."
He leaned forward, his voice unyielding. "She has unrestricted access to the Salvador family and is close to Mr. Salvador as his personal physician. You have to consider the likelihood that she planted the drugs in his office." Jack froze. Clarence's reasoning struck a chord, raising questions he had not yet considered.
Late into the night. Gregory sat in his armchair in his study at Tideview Manor, his chest heavy with frustration. His expression was clouded with worry as Paul massaged his shoulders.
"How could Justin be involved with drugs? That's not the son I know," Gregory muttered, his voice laced with disbelief.
"Dad, please take care of your health," Grant said, stepping forward. He poured a cup of tea and placed it before his father. "I'll handle Justin's situation. I'll get him out as soon as possible and minimize the damage to the Salvador Corporation."
"Minimize the damage? The news has already spread! Tomorrow, when the market opens, our stock prices will plummet again!" Gregory clenched his fists in frustration.
Grant remained composed, a slight smile playing on his lips. "As long as we secure the A5 project, the stock prices will hit their upper limit, and all losses will be recovered."
Gregory shook his head, pressing a hand to his throbbing temple. "I still don't believe Justin would take drugs. Despite my disagreements with him, I've always trusted his character."
Clarice, standing to the side, hesitated before speaking. "Maybe it's the stress. Between his illness, work, and his recent breakup with Ms. Thompson, his mental state might've..."
"Clarice, this isn't your concern," Grant interrupted coldly, his tone firm.
Clarice's expression faltered, but she quickly stepped back, her lips pressed tightly together.
Gregory sighed, rubbing his temples. "With the project looming and Justin caught up in this mess, I'll have to take on the external affairs myself."
"If you trust me, Dad, I can assist you." Grant offered, his gaze sincere as he met Gregory's eyes.
Before Gregory could respond, the butler's anxious voice came from outside the door.
"Chairman Salvador, the police are here. They're saying they need to take someone in for questioning."
Gregory's patience wore thin. Slamming his fist on the desk, he asked angrily, "Who?!"
The butler hesitated before replying, "Dr. Clarice Amaryllis."
The three men in the room turned to look at Clarice simultaneously.
Her face went pale, desperately glancing at Grant.
"Clarice, go." Grant's lips curled into a faint, unreadable smile. His voice was calm, devoid of emotion, leaving no room for negotiation. "Cooperate with the police and answer their questions honestly."
###chapter2391

Chapter 2391
Clarice was brought into the interrogation room that night. She was separated from Justin only by a thin wall.
Although Jack was one of Donald's subordinates, he was unaware of what was truly
happening behind the scenes.
All he cared about was successfully solving this case. It was the perfect opportunity for him to prove himself to Donald and help him put his rival, Ralph, in his place.
Jack was determined to make Ralph see how he would handle Justin's case.
He imagined the headlines describing him as a fearless police officer who was not afraid of power, earning the public's approval and praise.
Jack had never expected Clarice to be involved in this case and only treated her as another suspect. "Justin claimed that you provided the drugs. What do you have to say about that?" Clarice blinked innocently, pretending to be clueless. "That's not true! I don't know why Mr. Salvador would say such a thing, but I've never given him any drugs! Officer, could he be using this as an excuse to clear his name? You can't just take his word for it and let him falsely accuse an innocent person like me!"
Jack's tone was cold and stern. "You're his personal doctor someone with unrestricted access to his home. You have sufficient motive and opportunity to plant the drugs in his office. Our investigations show that only you and his secretary, Ian, have been in and out of his office recently. No one else has that kind of access.
"As a doctor, you have direct access to medications. Crystal Ice originates from a class of powerful sedatives that affect the central nervous system. Isn't that exactly your field of expertise? How do you explain your involvement?"
Clarice felt her heart sink, but she kept her composure. "Being a doctor doesn't make me a criminal. That's a ridiculous accusation! The only medications I've ever given Mr. Salvador were for his migraines and stress relief. If you don't believe me, search my home and investigate my networks to see if I have any connections to drug dealers!
"I may just be an ordinary doctor, nowhere near as powerful as Mr. Salvador, but that doesn't give you the right to accuse me of drug dealing without evidence. This is nothing more than a baseless accusation!"
Jack smirked. "You're far from ordinary."
Although Jack was not as skilled as Ralph when it came to solving cases, his quick thinking made up for it. "You're also the personal doctor of Grant Salvador, Justin's elder brother. It's said that you've been working with him for years."
He continued, "Sibling rivalries in powerful families are nothing new. I don't need firsthand experience to know how these things work. The Salvador family only has two heirs. Justin, as the younger brother, is in charge right now. It's obvious that the elder sibling wouldn't be happy about it. What's stopping him from sabotaging his brother to claim the inheritance? You're loyal to Grant. It's not far-fetched to think you'd use your position to plant evidence and frame Justin. The motives are crystal clear."
Hearing this, Clarice felt her heart sink. If a lie detector had been present, she would have been instantly exposed.
However, she forced herself to stay calm, letting out a cold laugh. "Your imagination is impressive, sir, but you're making baseless assumptions. Mr. Grant was Mr. Justin's childhood savior. Despite being half-brothers, Mr. Grant has never looked down on or mistreated Mt. Justin.
"Mr. Grant has been living abroad, focusing on his health, and has never shown any hostility toward Justin. If he truly wanted to harm Justin, he's had countless opportunities over the years. Why would he wait until now, when Justin is stronger and more established than ever? Your logic simply doesn't add up. You're just looking for reasons to accuse me." Jack frowned. The more he listened, the more uncertain he felt.
Sensing his hesitation, Clarice knew she had temporarily thrown him off. She leaned back in her chair, crossing her arms relaxedly.
"Everything I've said is the truth. Feel free to investigate. No matter how many questions you ask, my answer remains the same. I didn't give Mr. Justin any drugs, and I have no idea where his drugs came from."
Meanwhile, Steven and the company's public relations department worked tirelessly to control the news and fallout. None of them had slept for over 24 hours.
###chapter2392

Chapter 2392
Bella had no intention of going home and chose to stay at her office instead. Unless Justin's matter was resolved, she could not relax or focus on anything else.
Upon receiving Ralph's message, she immediately realized that there was something suspicious about Dr. Wagner, the so-called witness.
Hearing about Justin's incident, Asher, Axel, and Ralph decided to head to the KS Group headquarters, gathering in Bella's office late at night.
Worried that their sister and Steven were working too hard, the three brothers brought food and drinks with them, breaking the tense and oppressive atmosphere with some family warmth.
"Steve, this is from Amelia," Axel said with a sly smile, placing a thermos on the desk. "She made this soup herself and insisted that you drink every last drop."
His eyes sparkled with mischief as he added, "I took a peek at the ingredients. It's very nourishing, especially for men."
Steven blushed and smiled awkwardly. Despite his embarrassment, his heart ached with love for his wife and said, "She's about to give birth soon. She should be resting and taking care of herself. Why is she worrying about me instead?"
Bella stuffed her mouth with the bread Asher had brought that was handmade by Celeste.
With her cheeks puffed out, she mumbled, "Hmph! It's because my sister loves you deeply. Just drink the soup and stop overthinking it."
Steven's face lit up with a contented smile as he finished the entire bowl of soup.
Although Bella did not have much of an appetite, she forced herself to eat. After all, food was fuel, and she needed strength to keep fighting.
After finishing the meal, Steven returned to work, while the four siblings continued discussing Justin.
"A key witness like that doctor suddenly showing up out of nowhere? This is too much of a coincidence! If this truly wasn't a setup, I'll eat dirt!" Ralph's frustration boiled over, his anger barely contained as he nearly flipped the table.
Bella and Asher exchanged a speechless glance.
Axel chuckled helplessly and patted Ralph on the shoulder. "Calm down, Ralph. No need to go that far."
"Grant had planned this trap meticulously. Dr. Wagner must've been part of it to make the whole setup convincing," Bella said, massaging her temples with her fingers as her sharp gaze turned cold.
"Even if the witness was part of the scheme, the blood samples are undeniable evidence," Asher said, pouring a glass of warm water for his sister, his face clouded with worry.
"It's going to be hard to clear Justin's name of drug charges. Plus, the news has already spread. In this age of social media, rumors spread like wildfire. You can't silence everyone, Bella."
Axel clenched his teeth.
"Rumors alone can destroy a man. Grant's move was despicable. It was not just about pulling Justin down; it was about destroying him completely."
The atmosphere in the office grew heavy once again.
"There are only two possible options," Bella said, suppressing her headache as her eyes grew darker. "One, we get Dr. Wagner to change his testimony and admit the blood report is falsified. He needs to switch sides.
"Two, we find concrete evidence that proves Justin wasn't taking Crystal Ice, but a legitimate medication for treating his brain injury. The toxins in his body would be linked to the medication, not drugs."
Ralph scratched his head in frustration. "But it's been so long... How are we supposed to prove that now?"
"We can," Asher said, taking a deep breath. He lowered his gaze as if trying to suppress a storm of emotions. "Arnold was the doctor in charge of Justin's treatment when he was unconscious. He should have a solution."
###chapter2393

Chapter 2393
The room fell into a heavy silence.
Since Asher and Arnold broke up, everyone was deeply saddened by it. But everyone tried their best to avoid talking about Arnold or the whole breakup situation.
However, Bella had purposely proposed the second plan because she believed Arnold could help. In fact, he might even be the key to turning the situation around.
But where was Arnold now?
After his face was disfigured, he became consumed with deep hatred toward Asher and left without hesitation. Would he come back? Where could they find him?
"We'll have to think of another way," Ralph said, fully aware of Asher's current emotional state. He shook his head, feeling disheartened.
"I'll go look for him." Asher closed his eyes briefly before opening them again, his gaze filled with a heartbreaking sadness. "I still have some old connections in Meridan. I'll reach out to them and ask for their help in locating Arnold. I'll do whatever it takes to find him, even if I have to skip meals and sleep. I'll find him as fast as I can."
Axel and Ralph's hearts felt heavy as they looked at Asher's sorrowful expression.
"We need to act fast. I'll assign people from KS Group to assist you in Meridan. The longer this drags on, the worse it will get," Bella said.
At this moment, Bella no longer cared about being polite to her brothers.
She then turned her serious gaze toward Ralph and said, "Ralph, we might need your help. We'll have to use your police network."
Facing the strong-willed younger sister, Ralph straightened up, nearly saluting. "Just tell me what to do!"
"Investigate Dr. Wagner's background," Bella instructed. "His family, his work, his personal life, and any relatives he has in Savrow. I want details about his private life as well," Bella said, her gaze cold.
Ralph blinked, a smile of understanding crossing his face. "Got it."
Bella said, "There's only one explanation for Dr. Wagner blatantly violating his professional ethics, leaking a patient's medical records, and risking his entire career to stand against Justin."
Her voice was cold, and her delicate fingers turned her teacup slowly. "Grant and Clarice must have offered him something irresistible or blackmailed him to force him to take this risk."
Axel scoffed, "What a shortsighted fool. All he cares about is saving himself by siding with
Grant. Does he think Justin has no one backing him? Does he not realize that the Thompson family could easily crush him? How could he be so clueless?"
Bella raised an eyebrow, half amused. "Axel, you don't sound like a righteous prosecutor anymore. Now, you sound like a ruthless gangster."
Axel slammed the table. "Justin is being treated this badly! How could I not behave this way? I'd tear Grant apart if I could!"
The Thompsons' hidden playful side emerged, and the tension in the room began to ease.
After all, power, wealth, and fame were nothing compared to life or death. Justin had not reached that point yet.
But everyone hoped to protect the empire Justin had painstakingly built over the years. They wanted to help him and protect what was his.
When Justin was a child, he suffered greatly with nothing but his mother by his side. In the end, even his beloved mother had been taken from him, becoming a victim of the Salvador family's dark internal feud.
Bella was determined to prevent Justin from experiencing such loss again. She had poured all her energy into this, sacrificing sleep and peace of mind to safeguard him.
"Clarice is a dangerous person," Asher said, his tone somber as he pulled himself together." She's no different from Christopher. They're both Grant's pawns and key to exposing his schemes."
Ralph's heart tightened, his eyes beginning to fill with tears. "Then... What about Jace? No, I mean, Hugh?"
Bella's heart ached, but her voice was steady and firm. "Hugh is different. Even if he had lost his memory, even if Grant had brainwashed him, I believe he still has kindness in his heart. One day, he'll be fully awakened."
The three brothers of the Thompson family nodded in agreement.
###chapter2394

Chapter 2394
"Since we're on this topic, there's something I need to tell you." Bella's face turned serious, her voice cold as she spoke, "I strongly suspect that Clarice is actually Rosalind Gold."
Her words left the three men visibly stunned, shock written all over their faces.
"But," she continued, "I don't have solid evidence yet. There's no confession or a DNA test. However, that day at the hospital, she turned around and acted strangely when I called her Rosalind Gold. Not just that, her habits, mannerisms, and little quirks are all identical to Rosalind."
Bella smiled confidently and added, "Most importantly, I trust my instincts on this."
"That explains it!" Axel suddenly jumped to his feet, his eyes wide. "The first time I saw her at the hospital, I felt something was off when she walked past me. There was a feeling of familiarity. It turns out, she's really Rosalind Gold! It wasn't just my imagination; my instincts were right!"
Asher's expression was serious. "If that's true, Justin is in even more danger. This time, Rosalind is back with a new disguise and is hanging around Grant. She's probably out for revenge. The Gold family was destroyed before, and everyone turned on her. Now, she would want to take everything from Justin, and she might even come after you, Bella."
"Great, she'd better hurry then." Bella leaned back into the sofa, crossing her long, slim legs.
She lifted her chin, brimming with confidence, her almond eyes glinting with unwavering resolve. "I can't wait for it."
After Clarice finished giving her statement, her home and personal connections were thoroughly investigated under Jack's orders.
However, there was no trace of drugs at her home, and her private life was clean. She spent most of her time around Grant and occasionally worked as a prison doctor, treating inmates.
With no leads, Jack returned to the station, only to be summoned immediately to Superintendent Donald's office.
The moment the door closed, Donald immediately glared at him and asked, "Why did you interrogate Dr. Amaryllis without my permission? Do you have any idea how much she's done as a prison doctor? She can also be considered a colleague in our judicial system! How could you question her like that? Do you realize how bad this looks?"
Jack was stunned. "But Superintendent Donald, Justin's medication tested positive for Crystal Ice, one of the drugs we've been cracking down on. He said all his medication came from Clarice. I questioned her according to the standard procedures. That's just how it works! Even if she was part of our team, I'd still have to do it."
Donald stared at him like he had been betrayed.
Meanwhile, outside the door, Ralph had his ear pressed against it, eavesdropping with all his might. It was a skill perfected by years of practice.
The words were muffled, but he could tell the argument was about Justin's case and distinctly caught Clarice's name being mentioned.
Ralph frowned, suspicion creeping into his mind.
He had always known that Jack was one of Superintendent Donald's men and was highly favored.
Jack was not as sharp as him when it came to solving cases, but he could always get things done in a way that aligned with Superintendent Donald's preferences.
This was the first time Ralph had seen them clash.
"You're going to release Dr. Amaryllis immediately! Let me remind you, this case is highly sensitive. It involves one of the most powerful families in Savrow. From now on, you are not to act without my approval!" Superintendent Donald yelled, slamming the desk in frustration.
The more Ralph listened, the more he found it strange.
If that was the case, why did they arrest Justin without sufficient evidence?
Could it be that arresting Justin was Donald's plan?
Jack paused for a moment, lost in thought, before he suddenly asked, "Superintendent Donald, why do I get the feeling you and Dr. Amaryllis are more than just professional acquaintances?"
###chapter2395

Chapter 2395
As a seasoned police officer with years of experience, Ralph felt his instincts go into overdrive after hearing Jack's words.
Donald, now visibly enraged, slammed his hand on the desk. "Jack! What nonsense are you spouting? Have I been too lenient with you? She's just a doctor! I'm the superintendent! How could I know her? Don't let your imagination run wild!"
Jack, still feeling confused, continued to press further. "Then what's wrong with me investigating Dr. Amaryllis according to procedure? I don't understand the issue. Justin's drug report came back positive. There were drugs found hidden in his office. He clearly took drugs!
"To prove he's guilty, we have to find out who provided him with the drugs. Otherwise, this case remains shaky. You're underestimating his attorney, Clarence. He was a former judge known for winning high-profile cases!"
Standing outside, Ralph could only catch fragments of their argument. What stood out were Jack's voice and the unusually heated and angry response from Donald.
When Jack asked about Superintendent Donald's connection to Clarice, his denial only fueled Ralph's suspicions. Years of interrogating suspects had taught him one thing-the louder someone denied involvement, the more likely they were hiding something.
Otherwise, why did Donald get so worked up? What was his connection to Clarice?
Donald finally sat back down and coldly said, "Even if we can't convict him for drug possession, we already have a positive result for drug abuse. That's enough to close this case."
Jack was not ready to give up. "Superintendent Donald, this case isn't as simple as it seems. Crystal Ice is one of the most dangerous drugs we've dealt with. We're finally uncovering leads. If we follow the trail, we could catch the drug trafficker behind it all! Why close it now?"
Ralph narrowed his eyes.
He and Jack had always butted heads, and he dismissed Jack as a ladder-climbing sycophant, always currying favor with Donald. But now he realized how little he truly knew about Jack.
Jack continued, "Let's not forget that Mr. Salvador denies the drug abuse allegations. He claims the toxins in his body were caused by the medicine he was prescribed. There is a big difference between the two. If he presents evidence in the future to prove that the medicine he took was for treatment, we can't convict him of drug abuse. It would also make the police look incompetent!"
"What evidence could he possibly have? If he had anything, he'd have shown it by now!" Superintendent Donald snapped. His frustration was evident.
"It doesn't matter. We have enough evidence of the drug abuse charges. Close the case and release Clarice; what does she have to do with this?!" Donald yelled.
Moments earlier, Donald had referred to her as Dr. Amaryllis. His sudden shift to calling her by her first name, Clarice, made it sound extra suspicious.
Listening to this made Jack feel uncomfortable. It seemed that the focus had shifted from catching the drug addicts to simply framing Justin.
Outside, Ralph had the same suspicion growing in his mind. The more he listened, the more doubts he had about Donald's motives.
Just then, a voice from the hallway interrupted. "Captain Thompson? There you are! I've been looking everywhere for you!"
Startled, Ralph quickly straightened up and pretended to be calm.
Inside the office, Donald and Jack both froze at the sound of Ralph's name.
Donald wasted no time in ending the conversation. "Enough. Just do as I say and get back to work."
Jack pursed his lips and turned to the door.
By the time he opened it, Ralph had vanished.
Once Jack left, Donald immediately pulled out his phone and dialed a number. His voice, now full of contrition, carried across the line.
"I'm sorry—this was my carelessness. I didn't keep a close watch on my team, and they brought in someone they shouldn't have. But don't worry, I've already released Ms.
Amaryllis, and no one will bother her again."
The voice on the other end sounded like a middle-aged man. "As long as there are no further problems."
Donald hesitated before continuing, "It's just... Mr. Salvador's case might be difficult to close
33
"That's fine," the man said, his tone emotionless. "You've done well. The goal has been achieved."
Several hours later, Clarice left the police station unharmed.
Her expression was grim as she stepped into a sleek black car and immediately called Grant.
###chapter2396

Chapter 2396
"He's out on bail?" Grant asked, his voice was calm and indifferent.
"Sir, I'm very sorry for the trouble I've caused, making you personally intervene," Clarice said cautiously, her nerves still rattled.
"It was just a small favor, nothing more. I anticipated this would happen-you being summoned since the drugs found on Justin came from your hands."
Clarice's face darkened, her unease palpable. "That police officer, Jack... Is he one of ours? When he arrested Justin, he seemed so zealous. I thought you had already brought him to our side. But during my interrogation, his attitude was harsh, relentless, and accusatory."
"He works for Superintendent Donald. That connection is sufficient," Grant replied succinctly.
Clarice pondered briefly, then lowered her voice. "Sir, the drug charge alone isn't severe enough. It's Justin's first offense, and it won't do much to him. He might even make bail in a day or two."
Grant chuckled faintly. "And then?"
"It's a pity we didn't strike hard enough to crush him completely, to the point where he can never recover!" Clarice gritted her teeth.
"Justin has Grandpa's backing, and the Thompson family stands behind him as well. He's deeply entrenched in Savrow, with vast networks and influence. He's a formidable opponent," Grant said, his voice carrying a quiet, chilling amusement. "But for now, I'm only reclaiming what is rightfully mine. The rest will be handled in due course."
Clarice knew exactly what Grant meant. What he wanted was everything Justin possessed.
The next morning, The Salvador Corporation convened an emergency board meeting to discuss whether Justin should be removed from his position as president.
The room was heavy with tension, as this decision was no small matter.
Despite the gravity of the situation, Justin was not without supporters. Several board members stood firmly in his defense.
"Mr. Salvador has devoted himself tirelessly to the company over the years. The profits he's helped us generate are secondary to how he's elevated the Salvador Corporation to
unprecedented heights. Now that he's in trouble, we should stand by him instead of abandoning him!"
"Exactly! By replacing him now-who can guarantee the company will continue to grow steadily? Can anyone else secure the A5 project?"
However, dissenting voices rose just as forcefully.
"Ever since Mr. Salvador's scandal broke, the stock has been plummeting for three consecutive days. We've lost billions overnight! How do we recover from such a loss?"
"Drug use might not land him in prison, but it's a stain that can never be erased. The news has spread everywhere, severely tarnishing the company's reputation. If he remains as the president, how can he negotiate deals or represent the company publicly? The president is the face of the organization!"
The room was divided, and the debate was heated and unyielding.
Gregory furrowed his brows. In truth, he did not want to replace Justin.
His youngest son's physical resilience and unmatched capabilities were evident to all.
However, the current scandal left the board with no choice. Failing to act decisively would only fuel unrest.
"Everyone," Grant interjected, his impeccably tailored suit and poised demeanor commanding attention. "You need not worry about the A5 project. Regardless of whether I assume the presidency, I am confident I can secure it for the Salvador Corporation."
His serene smile and natural confidence carried an almost magnetic allure, inspiring trust and admiration from those present.
Grant's words seemed earnest, as if he harbored no personal ambition for the position, merely a willingness to step up for the company in its time of need.
His sharp, refined features bore a solemn expression. "The Salvador Corporation is both a family legacy and a publicly listed company. I propose serving as interim president. If I fail to deliver results within one year, the board may vote to replace me with a more suitable candidate. I will accept such a decision without complaint."
His proposal was impeccably reasoned, leaving no room for ions.
Gregory weighed the matter in silence. After much deliberation, he finally steeled himself and declared, "Given Justin's current circumstances, he is indeed unfit to remain president. However, the company cannot function without proper leadership. Therefore, today's meeting will proceed with a vote on my eldest son, Grant, for the role of president..."
"I !"
Before Gregory could finish, the door swung open. Supported by Matt, Nigel entered the room, his face filled with fury.
###chapter2397

Chapter 2397
The board members were stunned. All of them rose from their seats, bowing respectfully to Nigel as he entered.
Within the Salvador Corporation, Nigel was regarded as the supreme leader. Though he no longer made appearances in the company, his influence remained widespread.
His honorary directorship extended beyond the Salvador Corporation to other prominent corporations, and in the business world, he was considered a living legend.
His sudden arrival at the board meeting, coupled with his initial opposition, demonstrated his unwavering support and affection for Justin.
"Dad, what brings you here?!" Gregory exclaimed, hurrying forward to steady the frail elder, whose body trembled slightly.
Grant, seated calmly, narrowed his enigmatic eyes and slowly stood. He was the last to rise, his gaze inscrutable, like a deep, shadowy cavern.
One could never fathom what savage, bloodthirsty beast lurked within.
"Why am I here?" Nigel retorted angrily. "If I hadn't come, chaos would have consumed the Salvador Corporation!"
He shot a sharp, furious glance at Gregory. His disappointment was so intense that he wished he could send his eldest son back to the womb to be reborn. "Who gave you the right to convene this board meeting without informing me, plotting to remove Justin so easily?!
"Without Justin, there would be no glory for the Salvador Corporation today. None of you would have the massive profits others envy! How could you lead this charge to remove him? Are you his father? Do you even have a heart?!"
Gregory was dumbfounded. His face flushed with anger, his jaw quivering.
As the chairman of the Salvador Corporation, he held significant authority, yet here was his father, reprimanding him like a child in front of all the board members. The humiliation was unbearable.
"Grandpa." Grant's smooth, polished expression remained calm as he slowly approached Nigel.
His voice was gentle, and measured. "You've misunderstood Dad. Justin's accomplishments are acknowledged by everyone in the Salvador Corporation. But now, the company's stock prices are plummeting.
"There's a high likelihood of hostile parties taking advantage of the chaos to acquire large amounts of Salvador Corporation stock. The workforce is unsettled, and our public image has taken a hit. Negotiating the A5 project with the mayor will undoubtedly face roadblocks. These are immediate, pressing issues."
"Justin has been framed!" Nigel roared, his voice trembling with fury, his eyes brimmed with tears. His unstable voice betrayed his declining health.
The board members exchanged stunned glances.
Gregory's eyes widened. "Dad! Are you saying Justin was framed? By whom?!"
Nigel's forehead glistened with sweat as he closed his bloodshot eyes. His wavering gaze swept across everyone present before landing on Grant's composed face.
Their eyes met, and an invisible, fierce clash erupted.
But Nigel had no evidence, nor could he expose the Salvador family's internal strife in front of the board. Gritting his teeth, he croaked hoarsely, "Justin is kind and upright. I refuse to believe he would use drugs!"
Grant's expression remained impassive. "Grandpa, I understand Justin's arrest has sent you a heavy blow. But his hair follicle test showed a positive result. The police have already confirmed this."
Nigel, previously kept in the dark, felt his blood pressure spike at these words. His vision darkened. "What... What did you say?! Positive?!"
"There's more." Grant clapped his hands, signaling a secretary to enter. The man respectfully handed him a document, which Grant held up for all to see.
"This is Justin's blood test report. It conclusively shows the presence of toxins from a new drug in his system. Additionally, the police found drugs in his office. Grandpa, you can verify these findings with the police if you wish."
His words caused an uproar among the board members. The police investigation seemed complete, leaving little room for doubt. Justin's drug use appeared undeniable.
Nigel's hands trembled violently as he snatched the report, his reddened eyes scanning it repeatedly.
Beside him, Matt read along, his face pale with disbelief.
"Grandpa," Grant said, his tone soft yet piercing. "I know you care deeply for Justin. But the Salvador Corporation is not just your legacy; it sustains tens of thousands of employees and spans industries nationwide. Have you considered how many lives will be affected if the company destabilizes?
"The Salvador Corporation is not Justin's alone. As the leader, you must prioritize the greater good. Blind indulgence will only harm the company. A wise leader must know when to sever ties and cut losses."
Suddenly, Nigel clutched his chest, his heart seizing in sharp pain. Blood rushed to his head, and his body convulsed violently.
"Old Master Nigel!" Matt cried out, alarmed.
###chapter2398

Chapter 2398
Gregory was at a complete loss, shouting anxiously, "Dad! Dad! What's wrong?! Someone call an ambulance!"
The conference room descended into chaos as panic spread.
Grant pushed through the crowd, kneeling on one knee beside Nigel. His face was full of worry as he stared at his grandfather, whose complexion was ashen and pain-stricken." Grandpa, are you having a heart attack? Please, hold on."
Suddenly, he leaned closer, whispering with a low chuckle near Nigel's ear, "Otherwise, you won't live to see me replace Justin and take over the Salvador Corporation as the president." Nigel's bloodshot eyes widened. His mouth moved laboriously as he forced out, "W-Wolf... In... Sheep's... Clothing..."
"A very high compliment. Thank you for the praise," Grant replied with a smirk, his eyes glinting with a dark, arrogant light.
Nigel was rushed to the hospital after his sudden collapse.
Given the critical importance of the emergency board meeting, it was decided that the proceedings would continue. Gregory and Grant both stayed behind to attend, while Justin remained detained at the police station.
This left only Matt to accompany Nigel to the hospital.
Outside the operating room, Matt stood with fists clenched, his heart heavy with grief and rage. Tears welled in his eyes as he watched Nigel being wheeled into surgery.
Nigel had dedicated his entire life to the company. Yet, in his most critical moment, there was no one by his side.
Matt rubbed his reddened eyes and, unable to think of any other solution, tremblingly dialed Bella's number.
The phone rang several times without an answer.
Just as he was about to hang up, Bella picked up, her voice slightly breathless. "Uncle Matt, sorry, I was busy just now. What's wrong?"
"Ms. Thompson..." Matt's throat tightened, his voice breaking.
Sensing something amiss, Bella's tone turned urgent. "Uncle Matt, has something
happened to Grandpa Nigel?"
"Ms. Thompson, Old Master Nigel has fallen ill... He's in the hospital, currently undergoing emergency treatment. Could you come and stay with him?"
When she received the call, Bella was in Hatchbay at the KS Group headquarters.
Dropping everything, she rushed to her car and drove nearly the entire route at breakneck speed, arriving at the hospital as quickly as possible.
While Nigel was in surgery, Bella learned about the events of the day from Matt.
"The board meeting is likely still in session or has just ended. Old Master Nigel knew something might go wrong, which was why he hurried to the office. He wanted to stop it all from happening," Matt said, his voice choked with emotion. "But in the end, he collapsed on the spot. I'm afraid... Nothing could be stopped."
"It doesn't matter. As long as Grandpa Nigel gets through this safely, nothing else is important." Bella comforted Matt with patience. Then her tone shifted. "What caused Grandpa Nigel to fall ill so suddenly?"
"It was the Young Master Grant. He presented a blood test report for Young Master Justin in front of all the directors, claiming it proved Justin was using drugs. The shock was too much for Old Master Nigel to bear, so he fainted on the spot."
Bella's eyes burned with fury, her fists clenching tightly. "Justin didn't use drugs. This is nothing but Grant's slander, a ploy to shake the directors' support for Justin and pull him down."
"I don't believe Young Master Justin would do such a thing either. But what good is that? I'm afraid most of the board, including Chairman Salvador, have already turned to Young Master Grant. Young Master Justin's future path will only grow harder."
Following emergency treatment, Nigel was soon transferred to a regular ward.
Bella sat at his bedside, gripping his frail hand tightly, her eyes red-rimmed with tears." Grandpa, don't worry. I'm here... I'll stay with you."
"Good child... I've caused you to worry." Nigel rasped, his breathing weak as he grasped her fingers. "I thought... I won't be able to wake up this time..."
Bella nearly broke into tears. "Grandpa Nigel, don't say that. You'll live a long life, I'm sure of it."
"I... I couldn't help Justin... I've failed him..."
After a long pause, Bella exhaled slowly, seeming to gather her courage. In a soft but resolute voice, she said, "Grandpa Nigel, I have a plan. There's still a way to counter Grant."
###chapter2399

Chapter 2399
"Bella... Do you really have a way?" Nigel's clouded eyes finally revealed a glimmer of hope.
Bella hesitated briefly before speaking softly, "Grandpa Nigel, this method is no trivial matter. It could even affect the Salvador Corporation's equity structure and impact your interests and Chairman Salvador's as well."
Hearing this, Nigel immediately understood. "Bella, are you saying..."
"To be honest, over the past couple of days, I've taken advantage of the Salvador Corporation's stock decline to acquire a small portion of shares. I now hold a minor stake in the company."
She continued. "I was wondering if you might consider transferring a portion of your shares to me. This would allow me to become one of the major shareholders and gain a position on the board of directors. With your shares, mine, and Justin's combined, the three of us could stand against Chairman Salvador and Grant. This would prevent Grant from monopolizing power."
Bella furrowed her brows, quickly weighing the pros and cons. "Right now, Chairman Salvador clearly favors Grant. Even if he doesn't transfer his shares to him, as long as he continues to support him unconditionally, the group's future development and even its survival-will remain under Grant's control."
Fearing that Nigel might overthink, she quickly added, "But, Grandpa Nigel, this is just a suggestion. After all, I'm an outsider, and transferring Salvador Corporation shares is no small matter. You should think it over carefully before deciding."
"Let's do as you said!" Nigel's eyes gleamed brightly as he struggled to sit up.
Bella hurriedly supported him.
"Bella... You are not an outsider. You are my granddaughter-in-law. No! You are my family, part of this household, forever!"
Bella's lips tightened as a blush crept over her delicate face.
"To be honest, I've already been considering this for some time. I just never found the right opportunity." Nigel held her hand tightly, his eyes brimming with tears. "The Salvador Corporation is facing turbulent times. Bella... You must help me and Justin. Ensure that the Salvador Corporation overcomes this crisis. It must not..."
Bella's gaze sharpened. "It must not fall into Grant's hands, right?"
Tears filled Nigel's eyes as he nodded emphatically. "Twenty years ago... I made a mistake. I wronged Maya and her family. I aided the wicked, so I cannot repeat the same mistake this time."
After helping Nigel calm down, Bella spoke resolutely. "Grandpa Nigel, until the matter of the share transfer is finalized, no one other than Uncle Matt can know about this. Both
Chairman Salvador and Grant are likely to come by soon. I must leave before they arrive. Don't let them know I've been here.
"Grant is far more capable than you imagine. He is deeply calculating and ruthless. If he discovers this secret, he will stop at nothing to prevent you from transferring your shares to me."
Nigel nodded repeatedly, though he still asked worriedly, "Bella, tell me... Did Justin really get involved with drugs?"
"No, Grandpa Nigel." Bella answered with unwavering conviction. "I believe Justin would never do something like that. He's been framed."
"With your assurance, I can rest easy. But Justin is still being held at the police station. What can we do to help him?"
Bella's eyes gleamed with determination. "Grandpa Nigel, from now on, just focus on recovering. No matter what Grant does, don't meet with him or try to stop him. Leave the rest to me."
After being detained for 72 hours, Justin was released on bail early in the morning.
Outside the police station, a crowd of reporters surrounded him, their cameras aimed at Justin's pale yet stern face.
With Ian, Clarence, and a group of bodyguards shielding him, Justin managed to board the car and leave the reporters behind.
"If any new witnesses or evidence emerge, you will need to return to the station. Otherwise, there's no need to go back," Clarence sighed, his voice filled with guilt. "I'm truly sorry, Mr. Salvador. I failed as your lawyer and couldn't clear your name completely."
"No, you've done well." Justin's sharp eyes narrowed slightly. His cold and unyielding face softened into a faint, almost imperceptible smile. "You're not just a lawyer. You're Steven's brother. From now on, don't call me Mr. Salvador. Just call me Justin."
Ian glanced at the rearview mirror in shock.
In that moment, he felt as if the Justin he knew had returned-a fleeting glimpse of warmth and humanity amidst the usual cold detachment.
"Steven is my brother, but he is his own person, as am I. As your lawyer, it's more appropriate for me to continue addressing you as Mr. Salvador," Clarence replied tactfully, declining the suggestion with a polite smile.
###chapter2400

Chapter 2400
Justin sat upright, his demeanor calm and composed. He did not attempt to persuade Clarence further. "Very well, suit yourself."
Ian noticed the exhaustion etched on Justin's face and thoughtfully suggested, "Mr. Salvador, let me take you back to Tideview Manor to rest."
"No, take me to the Salvador Corporation." Justin lowered his gaze, his tone subdued. “ There is one hour left before the high-level meeting begins. Notify all department directors to be in the conference room on time."
An hour later, Justin arrived at the group's headquarters.
Throughout the journey, he ignored the strange looks from others.
With Ian following closely behind, Justin stepped into his private elevator and headed straight for the conference room.
Yet, the moment the doors opened, Justin's expression darkened.
Ian exclaimed in shock. "What's going on? Why is there no one here? I clearly sent out the meeting notice!"
Justin stood silently, his chest churning with suppressed anger as he stared at the empty conference room. Without hesitation, he turned and strode purposefully toward the President's Office.
Outside the office, the administrative secretary was still present.
"M-Mr. Salvador!" The secretary hurriedly stood, her face pale with panic.
Justin's face remained impassive. Just as he was about to push the door open, the secretary frantically called out, "Mr. Salvador, please stop! You can't go in!"
Ian glared at her, his voice sharp. "What's the meaning of this? This is Mr. Salvador's office. Why can't he enter?"
Before the words had fully left Ian's mouth, Justin placed his large hand on the door. His commanding presence radiated as he pushed the door open.
The spacious office was as familiar as ever, every corner etched into his memory.
The only difference was the man seated in the luxurious leather chair behind the desk, his back turned toward Justin.
As Justin's gaze fixed on that figure, the air seemed to grow thinner, suffocating him.
The man in the chair slowly turned around.
"Justin, congratulations on making it out unscathed," Grant said, his arms resting leisurely
on the armrests. His lips curled into a cold, mocking smile that never reached his eyes. Justin took slow, heavy steps forward. His movements matched the weight pressing against his chest. His voice was hoarse as he asked, "Why is it you?"
"Why can't it be me?" Grant raised his chin arrogantly, his fingers lightly drumming the chair he had coveted for so long. "This position should have been mine years ago. You were merely holding it for me."
The man before him wore a wild, disdainful grin. His tone was arrogant, his demeanor mocking, nothing like the gentle, unassuming older brother Justin had once known.
It was as though two completely different personalities coexisted within the same body-a stark contrast that upended everything, as if born of madness.
"So, from the beginning, you've been orchestrating this." Justin's gaze burned with intensity as he stared at the man so familiar yet distant. The suffocating pressure around him grew unbearable. "From the moment you returned to Savrow, have you been plotting to seize this position from me?"
Grant chuckled, lifting a slender, pristine finger to wag in mock disapproval. "No, seize is the wrong word."
He leaned forward slightly, his fingertips brushing the sharp edges of the elegant metal nameplate on the desk. "Justin, nothing within the Salvador Corporation ever truly belonged to you. What isn't yours will eventually be taken back."
###chapter2401
Chapter 2401
Justin's gaze followed the path of Grant's fingers as they came to rest on the desk.
The plaque that once bore Justin's name now displayed a new name. [President Grant Salvador]
How impatient of them. They could not even hold off for a single night before erasing all traces of his time at Salvador Corporation.
"The board of directors elected me as the new president yesterday. I won by a huge majority vote," Grant said, his tone calm yet edged with triumph.
He rested his hands on the desk, his long, slender fingers interlacing into a steeple beneath his chin. "Ian can coordinate with my secretary to finalize the handover. I've already arranged for someone to pack your personal belongings and send them to Tideview Manor. Justin, you've worked hard these past few years. From now on, leave the future of Salvador Corporation to me."
The room fell deathly silent.
Justin's long lashes trembled faintly before the corners of his lips curled into a subtle smile. With one hand tucked casually into his pocket, he moved calmly and sank into the sofa with deliberate case.
His long legs stretched out lazily, exuding an air of nonchalance.
It was as if stepping down from the president's position wasn't a loss but a liberation-a release that freed him completely.
Grant's eyes narrowed as he observed Justin intently.
"Grant," Justin said, his voice steady and composed, "you didn't need to go through all this trouble. If you'd simply told me from the start that you wanted this position back, I would've stepped aside without hesitation."
He continued, "After all, if it hadn't been for the kidnapping years ago and your subsequent health issues, you, as the eldest son, were always the rightful heir to Salvador Corporation. Isn't that so?"
Justin was known for his military background and reputation for integrity. But now he exuded something entirely different.
At that moment, Grant felt like there was a raw, untamed defiance in Justin-unapologetic and unrestrained. It was as if this confrontation had forced another side of him to surface.
"But you shouldn't have resorted to dirty tricks like setting me up, ruining my reputation, and dragging innocent people down with me." Justin's eyes narrowed slightly, the faint smile on his face sharpening into something cold and cutting. "If that's how you want to play, I won't stand for it. Your position as president might not be as secure as you think."
Grant chuckled, his voice low and chilling. "That's no longer up to you."
"Right back at you, brother. Though I suppose this will be the last time I call you that." Justin stood up, his commanding presence radiating strength and resolve.
Without sparing another glance, Justin turned and walked toward the door, his every step exuding confidence and unyielding dignity. Not a trace of defeat lingered in his demeanor.
Grant's gaze darkened, a weight settling in his chest. There was a mix of emotions he could not quite untangle.
For years, Justin had devoted himself to the Salvador Corporation, carefully building his reputation and upholding his status.
Now, stripped of everything, with his name tarnished and his image shattered, how could he not feel anger? And yet, how could he still manage to smile?
Just as Justin reached the door, he stopped abruptly. With his back still turned to Grant, he broke the silence and said, "I have one question for you."
Grant raised an eyebrow, his expression unreadable.
Justin began, "If you've always resented me and you've always wanted to take back everything I had, then back when we were kidnapped, why did you fight so hard to let me escape? By your logic, if there was no way out, you should have dragged me down with you. And if there was even a sliver of hope, you should've taken it for yourself, leaving me in that hell. That way, you'd be the only male heir left to the Salvador family. As the eldest son, there'd be no one left to challenge you."
Grant smirked faintly. "You're not wrong."
"Then tell me," Justin pressed, his voice calm but razor-sharp. "Did you save me back then, or was that kidnapping tied to you all along? Were you trying to drag me into it from the start?"
His mind was clearer than ever, yet his heart sank deeper, inching toward a dark, unthinkable conclusion
"Or perhaps you intended to get rid of me but had to change your plan at the last moment for reasons only you know."
Each word brought him closer to uncovering an ugly, terrifying truth.
###chapter2402
Chapter 2402
The air seemed to grow colder, the atmosphere heavy and tense, freezing into an eerie stillness.
It felt like an unseen blade of ice, sharp and silent, pressing down relentlessly.
"Take a guess," Grant said, his smile deepening.
His eyes glinted with a cruel amusement as they lingered on the proud, unyielding figure before him.
Grant did not give Justin an answer. But it was more cruel than any response could have been.
"Okay, understood," Justin said with a faint, humorless smile. His gaze was cold, sharp, and unwavering. "One day, you might regret the choice you made twenty years ago."
Grant's brows furrowed upon hearing those words.
"You had one chance to kill me," Justin continued, his voice calm but razor edged. "But you missed it."
With that, Justin turned and walked out, but his commanding and unshaken presence lingered, filling the space he left behind.
Grant stood frozen, his eyes fixed on the empty doorway.
The pen in his hand trembled slightly as he gripped it tightly, the veins on the back of his hand standing out starkly against his pale skin.
After Bella wrapped up her work that morning, she discovered through a trending topic on Twitter that Justin had been released on bail.
Around the same time, the Salvador Corporation made an announcement that sent shockwaves across the internet.
[Due to issues related to his private lifestyle, the Salvador Corporation's board of directors has decided to remove Mr. Justin Salvador from his position as president. In his place, the board has appointed Mr. Grant Salvador as the new president.]
The decision was finalized, leaving no room for reconsideration. The internet erupted with speculation and debate.
[Was Justin Salvador made a scapegoat in a family power struggle, or are the rumors about his lifestyle true? I've heard he's involved with drugs-is that fact or fiction?]
[These wealthy elites lead such indulgent lives in private. Is drug abuse really that surprising?]
[Could he have been framed?]
[Even if he was, he must've given them something to use against him. Flies don't buzz around eggs without cracks!
[The new president is the eldest young master of the Salvador family. He also happens to be Mr. Justin's half- brother. Could this be a calculated betrayal to seize power? It's just like the dramatic family feuds in TV dramas!]
[Even if Justin claims to be innocent, it doesn't matter now. His reputation is ruined, and he's been stripped of his title. His life's over. There's no chance of a comeback!]
Bella, who had been reading the online comments in her office, suddenly picked up her cup and smashed it to the ground.
Her face flushed with anger as she yelled, "How dare they say this?!"
Watching from the side, Steven could not help but chuckle despite his own frustration. He quickly stepped forward to clean up the shattered pieces of the cup.
"Those trolls are miserable in real life and loud on the internet. They're all unhappy with their own lives, so
they use the internet as a dumping ground for their negative emotions. On top of that, a lot of people just hate the rich. If they say something nasty, treat it like a dog fart and move on. Don't let it get to you."
"But they're not entirely wrong," Bella said, taking a deep breath to calm herself, though her chest still felt tight with frustration. "This battle is going to be hard for Justin to win. Whether the drug allegations are true or not, the rumors are already out there. To the public, his image as a drug addict is already cemented. Even if we clear his name one day, the damage is done. It's irreversible."
Just as she was venting her frustrations, her phone buzzed with a call from Ralph.
"Bella! I've found everything about Dr. Wagner, including his background and the situation with his wife and son," Ralph said eagerly.
###chapter2403
Chapter 2403
"Ralph, spill it!" Bella shot up from her chair, her emotions on edge.
"Well, Dr. Wagner has much of a dark background and his income is not exactly normal,* Ralph replied.
Bella raised an eyebrow. "What do you mean?"
"I looked into Dr. Wagner's assets and income sources. While he earns a high salary, his finances are a mess. His son's gambling addiction and his wife's serious illness have drained most of the family's wealth. Other than a house and a car, their assets have been nearly wiped out by his son."
He continued, "But two days ago, he scheduled a bone marrow transplant for his wife and paid off her hospitalization fees, all at once, totaling over $500,000. On top of that, his son owed over $3,000,000 in high- interest loans, and Dr. Wagner managed to pay that off too."
Bella had her phone on speaker. Steven, listening nearby, shook his head in frustration and exclaimed, "That son of his is such a disgrace! He's beyond saving. Let's just hope karma gets him in his next life!"
Ralph continued, "Given Dr. Wagner's current financial situation, there's no way he could afford all that on his own. It raises a huge question mark."
Bella's bright eyes glinted coldly. "There's no question about it. Grant must have stepped in and offered Dr. Wagner a financial lifeline in exchange for a testament against Justin."
Bella added, her voice icy. "He's been given so much money. Of course, he'd do whatever is asked of him." Steven frowned, a hint of unease creeping into his voice. "Ms. Bella, if we try to go through the legal way, it'll be hard to pin Dr. Wagner down. Even though he took Grant's dirty money, it could technically be classified as a gift, not a bribe. Without direct evidence of a mutual benefit, it's not illegal.*
Ralph agreed. "That's right, Bella. His income may be suspicious, but he hasn't abused his position. Legally, there's nothing we can do."
"That's true." Bella nodded slightly, narrowing her eyes. "But who said I'm going to deal with him legally? He's a villain, so why should I play fair? That would make me a fool."
She smirked. "Besides, I never claimed to be a noble knight. I'm just a little lady, and I'll fight fire with fire."
Steven gasped in surprise and gave the young lady an approving thumbs-up.
Ralph coughed awkwardly. "Uh, what did you just say? The signal isn't good here."
"Thanks, Ralph. The information you've found is already more than enough," Bella replied sweetly, then asked, "By the way, is Dr. Wagner's son still in Savrow?"
"Wait, Bella, are you planning to look for Dr. Wagner and his son?" Ralph sounded worried. "Don't go there alone; it's too dangerous! His son is a scumbag with a terrible reputation. If you go, he might turn violent and hurt you. Let me go with you!"
"No," Bella interrupted confidently. "You're a police officer, so it's not ideal for you to get involved right now. Don't worry. Even if the two of them team up, they're no match for me."
Bella tilted her delicate chin confidently and let out a cold laugh. "Since his son is a gambler stuck in a bottomless pit, there's no way he only owes $3 million. His son is Dr. Wagner's weak spot. We'll start with him and take both of them down."
"Grant thinks he can play scare tactics and manipulation? Well, two can play that game."
The next day.
After careful preparation, Bella and Steven drove to Dr. Wagner's house late at night.
Dr. Wagner's family lived in a middle-class villa in Savrow. It was a standalone house with its own yard, but the overgrown weeds and neglected appearance made it clear no one cared for the place anymore.
"If his wife were healthy and his son decent, Dr. Wagner could've lived a pretty good life," Bella remarked, her voice tinged with sarcasm. "Too bad he spoiled a rotten son and got nothing but trouble in return. This house doesn't even feel like a home anymore"
"Ms. Bella, this is the place," Steven said, glancing at the dimly lit villa with uncertainty. "But... Is anyone even living here?"
"With a debt-ridden son in the mix, he's probably trying to save on electricity to pay it off," Bella answered.
Just then, Bella spotted Dr. Wagner carrying a briefcase and hurrying toward the gate, his face shadowed by an air of gloom.
"Dr. Wagner, please wait for a moment!"
Bella and Steven quickly stepped out of the car and approached Dr. Wagner
"Are you... Ms. Thompson?" Dr. Wagner stammered, his expression stiff with unease.
###chapter2404
Chapter 2404
Dr. Wagner recognized the stunning face before him. Alarm bells rang in his mind. He instinctively took a step back and asked, "What do you want?"
In Savrow, everyone knew the inseparable bond between Bella and Justin. Having betrayed Justin, Dr. Wagner felt guilty and could not even meet Bella's gaze.
"Dr. Wagner, please get in my car. There are some things I'd like to discuss with you." Bella said with a faint smile, her emotions unreadable.
"I have nothing to say to you," Dr. Wagner replied, fumbling for his keys as he turned to hurry into his home. But just as he reached the door, Bella's calm yet sharp voice rang out. "When you decided to stab Justin in the back, you should've known you weren't just going against him. You were also provoking KS Group, the force behind him. You should've realized it was only a matter of time before I came knocking on your door."
Dr. Wagner, who was facing away from her, trembled visibly.
"Shut up, you bitch! What do you think you're going to do to my dad? How dare you threaten him!" The angry roar came from Dr. Wagner's son, Jerome, who stormed out of the house like a rabid dog.
His eyes were bloodshot and wild, his face twisted with hostility as he glared at Bella's composed expression. Bella met his gaze fearlessly, her fingers clenched into tight fists. The delicate veins on the back of her hand subtly twitched with tension.
Dr. Wagner's eyes widened in shock, and he shouted. "Jerome! Get back to your room and lock the door. This has nothing to do with you!"
"You bitch, I can tell you're up to no good! I'll fucking kill you!" Like a madman, Jerome grabbed a flowerpot from the corner and hurled it at Bella's head without warning.
"Ms. Bella! Look out!" Steven's urgent shout rang in the air. He was just a couple of steps behind her, but it was already too late for him to intervene.
Bella had not expected such a brutal attack right from the start. 'Damn it, am I really going to take this hit? It's just a pot, right? Worst case, I'll end up with a few bruises and cuts. It won't be a big deal. Compared to the pain Justin had gone through, this will be nothing'
Her heart pounded furiously as she clenched her teeth and squeezed her eyes shut to brace for impact.
Suddenly, a wave of familiar, overpowering male presence engulfed her.
In the next instant, she felt herself pulled into a pair of strong, protective arms.
The man's heartbeat thundered against her chest. His deep breathing and husky voice carried an allure she could not resist.
Thud!
A muffled impact echoed, followed by the sound of a flowerpot shattering against something solid.
Bella opened her eyes in shock.
There he was-Justin, his intense, star-like gaze meeting hers.
"Jus-Justin?!" Steven gasped, his voice trembling with disbelief.
He had seen everything. The heavy flowerpot had struck Justin squarely on the back, breaking into pieces and scattering shards and soil. Yet, he remained unfazed as if nothing had happened.
"Bella, are you alright?* Justin looked into Bella's eyes, filled with concern as he took in her pale, trembling face.
Worried that she might have been scared out of her wits, he bent closer. His voice softened, and his gaze was gentle despite the tension in the air. "Did it hurt? Are you injured?"
Bella's lips parted, but the words were stuck in her throat. A wave of emotion overwhelmed her, and her eyes turned red as tears welled up.
For a brief moment, Justin was caught off guard. His long lashes fluttered, and his large hand, still resting protectively on her waist, tightened instinctively. His voice dropped to a husky murmur. "You don't have to be afraid. I'm here."
###chapter2405
Chapter 2405
Bella's chest heaved with uneven breaths. Her nose was red and her tear-filled eyes fixed on Justin in stunned silence.
In Justin's absence, Bella was utterly fearless. She faced the darkness and fought the world's evils with unyielding courage
But when Justin appeared, shielding her like a savior in her moment of need, everything changed.
For the first time, she felt fear.
She started to cry. Her heart softened. The strong front she had kept up crumbled, and she became a fragile shell, swept away by the tidal wave of emotions this man stirred in her.
It turned out that Bella was just like any other girl, she could feel fear. But that was only when Justin was around.
Ignoring the pain in his back, Justin grasped Bella's trembling shoulders with his large hands and carefully examined her from head to toe repeatedly.
When he was sure she was merely startled and was not physically hurt, the tightness in his chest eased slightly.
"Justin..." Dr. Wagner stood frozen, staring at Justin who seemed to have dropped out of the sky. His body shook uncontrollably, his face pale with fear.
But then he snapped back to his senses and screamed at Jerome, "Run, son! Run!"
Although Jerome was hotheaded, he was not a fool. He did not know Bella, but he certainly knew who Justin
was
Realizing the impending disaster, Jerome broke into a cold sweat and took off running.
He barely got two steps before a sharp pain shot through his lower back. "Ahh!"
The next second, Jerome tumbled down the stairs, landing face-first in a muddy garden.
He scrambled to get up, but a heavy boot pressed down on his tailbone, pinning him in place. He could not
move.
It felt like his bones were about to snap. The pain was so intense that he clenched his teeth and yelled, "Who the hell are you?!"
"Your maker." A mocking voice came from above.
"Ryan?!" Bella looked at the man she had not seen in ages.
Ryan, with his bold, unruly demeanor and sharp, fox-like eyes, stood there like he owned the world. Seeing him reunite with Justin stirred something deep inside her.
Surprisingly, despite all his dramatic gestures, the black wool coat draped over Ryan's shoulders remained perfectly in place, as though it were glued on.
The Prince of Savrow was, without question, a man who would rather break his neck than let his hairstyle be ruined. He was a true embodiment of style and poise.
"Chairman Hoffman!" Steven called out, his face lighting up in surprise.
"Bella, Steve!" Ryan greeted them with a sly smile while pressing the tip of his shoe harder.
With a sickening crack, Jerome's tailbone snapped.
"Ryan... Hoffman..." Dr. Wagner stammered, his face drained of color. He had heard of Ryan, the man was feared by both the legal and the underground worlds. His entire body went numb with fear.
How had he managed to attract not one, but three powerful figures to his doorstep in a single night?! With a loud thud, Dr. Wagner's legs gave out, and he collapsed to his knees, pale and shaking.
Seeing that Ryan had completed his show, both of his bodyguards came forward and restrained Jerome. "Justin, are you okay?" Ryan asked as he strode over to Justin, his expression filled with concern. "I'm fine," Justin replied, standing tall and straight, not even flinching.
Ryan's eyes widened in disbelief. "That giant flowerpot was smashed to pieces, and you're totally fine? Are you made of steel or something?"
"You still talk too much." Justin shot back, his deep, unreadable gaze flickering to Bella's pale face, which now glowed faintly red.
"You rascal." Ryan chuckled, a warm feeling blooming in his chest.
Justin's sarcasm was back, that was a good sign. It felt like the old days again. Maybe it meant he was starting to feel again. Perhaps he was healing.
###chapter2406
Chapter 2406
In the living room of the Wagner residence, Dr. Wagner hugged his son, who was on the ground, bruised and battered. Both of them shivered uncontrollably, seeking warmth from each other.
Bella and Justin sat on the sofa, an arm's length away from each other. Once deeply in love, sharing their most intimate moments, the small gap between them now felt like an insurmountable chasm. It was a quiet, heartbreaking sight.
Justin's face remained expressionless and collected.
Bella stole a glance at him before lowering her gaze, her lips pressing together as her fingers traced where he had touched her shoulders. It still seemed to carry a trace of his lingering warmth.
"To think you dare mess with my friends? You are really fearless," Ryan sneered from above, flexing his gloved fingers menacingly.
"Chairman Hoffman... My son acted rashly because he was scared!" Dr. Wagner begged bitterly. "He was only worried about his father! Please! Have mercy on him. If you need to punish someone, punish me!"
"Oh! We have a devoted son here, do we?" Ryan's lips curled into a sinister smirk. "Such filial piety... Gambling abroad, racking up over $10 million in debt, squandering your parents' savings, and then hiding like a rat after returning home. What a joke!"
Jerome's face turned pale as he buried himself deeper into his father's embrace, desperate to escape the ridicule.
"$10 million?!" Dr. Wagner's bloodshot eyes widened in disbelief as he stared at his son. "Jerome. Is what Chairman Hoffman said true? Did you really owe the casino that much?"
Bella's heart clenched.
Ryan's words hit the mark. Jerome had indeed racked up an enormous gambling debt overseas, barely escaping with his limbs intact. He had mortgaged their family villa just to return to Savrow.
Unfortunately, with property values plummeting, even selling the house would not cover the debt, let alone the interest.
Ryan, who had no direct connection to Dr. Wagner, uncovered such details. It was undoubtedly Justin's doing. Bella's lips curved faintly. Once again, they were in sync.
Realizing the truth, Dr. Wagner exploded with rage, pummeling his son. But his punches were futile. "You ungrateful brat! Do you want to kill your mother and me?"
"Justin, how should we handle this?" Ryan's lazy gaze settled on Justin's chiseled face. His smirk turned mischievous. "I'm best at 'playing' with people."
Justin merely stared at the father and son, his cold silence more oppressive than words. The chilling aura made their skin crawl.
"Mr. Salvador! Please, what do you want?" Dr. Wagner cried out in despair.
Justin's gaze darkened. His cold voice pierced the air. "Who ordered you to testify against me? Was it Grant?"
"I... I.." Dr. Wagner stammered, unable to form coherent words.
While Justin seemed composed, Ryan was not as patient. Raising his leg, he delivered a sharp kick that sent Jerome sprawling again, eliciting anguished cries.
"Stop! Stop! I'll talk!" Forced to protect his son, Dr. Wagner trembled as he confessed. "It... It was Ms. Amaryllis. She contacted me and asked for your blood test reports."
At these words, Justin and Bella instinctively exchanged a glance. Their gazes locked, a silent understanding that no one else could replicate.
"She didn't say if Young Master Grant sent her. She only asked for the reports and said I should testify at a
critical moment." Dr. Wagner wiped the sweat from his face. "At first, I refused... But she exploited my weaknesses. She knew I needed money-my wife's surgery, my useless son... She offered me benefits, and I agreed."
"Do you think she was the only one who could exploit your weaknesses?" Bella's icy voice carried no trace of sympathy.
"The moment you agreed to her deal, you signed a contract with the devil. She will continue to manipulate and control you, even forcing you to commit crimes. Drinking poison to quench your thirst will be a downward spiral to hell. Being used as a pawn in the struggle between the two Salvador brothers has only one outcome complete annihilation."
###chapter2407

Chapter 2407
Sitting beside her, Justin maintained a poker face while Bella spoke. Yet, he could not help but steal a glance at her from the corner of his eyes.
There was an edge in her gaze and charisma to her words. Others might find it overbearing or intimidating, but it stirred an inexplicable feeling in him.
At this moment, Bella seemed more alluring than ever, commanding his complete attention. Dr. Wagner collapsed to his knees again.
Bella's words struck him like a lightning bolt. But he had already signed the devil's deal with Clarice. What choice did he have now? He could only continue down this dark path.
Besides, recent news reported that Justin was no longer the president of Salvador Corporation and had been stripped of his authority. Supporting Grant's camp seemed the safer bet, and switching sides now would mean certain doom.
"Mr. Salvador... Ms. Thompson... What good does it do to press me now?" Dr. Wagner stammered, his voice trembling. "Even if you kill me, Mr. Salvador's position won't be restored! The blood sample results are genuine. Even if I don't provide them, the police will eventually uncover the same truth!"
"Shut
t your damn mouth!” Ryan glared, his fury palpable, and raised a hand to strike.
"Don't hit my father! If you must, hit me instead!" Jerome threw himself in front of his father, embodying a moment of filial piety.
Bella's expression turned somber. Dr. Wagner was not wrong. While his betrayal was undeniable, the blood sample's authenticity was also irrefutable.
"Dr. Wagner, I didn't come here intending to resort to violence." After a long silence, Justin finally spoke, his cold voice cutting through the tension. "If your son hadn't been disrespectful to Ms. Thompson, I would have sat down with you to discuss this calmly."
Bella's clear eyes flickered, and she pressed her lips together.
Dr. Wagner looked at Justin's indifferent face, dread filling his heart. He had wanted to negotiate, but uncertainty filled his mind.
"But now, I don't think that's necessary anymore." As Justin's deep voice fell, Ryan took a file from his bodyguard and flung it onto Dr. Wagner's face.
"Take a good look. See how your 'devoted son' honors you."
Trembling, Dr. Wagner picked up the file. They were the mortgage documents for their house, complete with Jerome's signature and thumbprint.
Seeing the documents, Jerome's eyes reddened, and he lunged to snatch them back, only to be slapped by his father.
"You imbecile ! You sold our house! How will your mother and I survive? Are you trying to kill us?"
"How... How did you get my mortgage documents?!" Jerome stammered, staring at Ryan in disbelief.
Ryan narrowed his eyes, a devilish grin spreading across his face.
"Because your house is mortgaged to me."
The father and son froze in shock. Even Bella looked at Ryan in astonishment.
"Your son mortgaged your entire family estate to the casino to walk out of Meridan with all his limbs intact." Ryan tilted his head, his smile both charming and menacing. "What you didn't know is that the casino's owner is my family's business."
"What?!" Jerome's vision darkened.
"In other words, I'm your biggest creditor now."
A bodyguard brought over a chair. Ryan casually flipped his coat aside and sat down with an air of dominance. "The debt has been overdue for some time. Dr. Wagner, when will you pay back the remaining $5 million?"
Jerome could only drop his head silently like a defeated dog.
Ryan's boyish grin reappeared as he turned to Justin. "Justin, you said you didn't want to negotiate with them anymore. Let me suggest something. For $5 million, I'll take both his arms-$2.5 million per arm, and we'll call it even."
Jerome's face went pale with terror as he dropped to his knees with a thud.
"Your son's gambling addiction is too deep. Without arms, he might break the habit. But if he starts playing cards with his mouth, that's none of my concern," Ryan said lazily, waving his hand.
Two bodyguards immediately stepped forward, ready to take action.
"Chairman Hoffman! Please! I'll pay the money! Don't hurt my son!" Dr. Wagner begged." What do you want from me? I'll do anything! Just spare him!"
His son was Dr. Wagner's weakness. His defenses crumbled completely.
Bella let out a quiet breath and smiled faintly. In truth, she had planned to achieve the same result today, but there was no denying that Ryan's methods were far more effective.
"I want you to disclose everything about how Clarice bribed you. Can you do that?" Justin's deep, sharp gaze locked onto Dr. Wagner.
Dr. Wagner gritted his teeth and nodded.
"One more thing..." Bella said coldly. "You must publicly confirm that the substances detected in Mr. Salvador's blood may not necessarily be related to drugs. There's a significant chance they're connected to banned medications."
Justin turned to look at her with a complicated gaze. An indescribable emotion surged within him, making his heart race.
###chapter2408

Chapter 2408
Dr. Wagner understood Bella's intention.
As there had never been definitive proof that Justin used drugs. The substances detected in his blood were merely circumstantial evidence. If the right opportunity arose, while it might not completely absolve him of suspicion, it could at least sow doubt and confusion.
"Alright... Alright... I agree. I'll do everything you ask!"
After leaving the Wagner residence, Ryan's bodyguards took Jerome into custody under strict supervision to ensure compliance.
Only when Dr. Wagner fulfilled Justin and Bella's demands would his son be released.
"Ryan, it's great to see you. How is Carrie lately?" Bella avoided Justin's gaze and turned to Ryan instead.
"She's doing wonderfully." The mention of Carrie brought an uncharacteristically tender look to Ryan's rugged face, his cheeks tinged with red. "We're also actively trying for a baby now."
"Really? That's fantastic news!" Bella's delight was genuine.
"Yeah. Once there's good news, you two will be the first to know!" Ryan blurted out the words without thinking in his excitement.
The atmosphere turned painfully awkward.
Justin lowered his gaze, choosing to remain silent.
Bella's heart tightened, but she forced a smile. "Ryan, Mr. Salvador, I have something to attend to, so I'll take my leave."
Justin's lips parted slightly, intending to thank her. But before he could speak, Bella darted off, and within moments, her black sedan disappeared into the night.
"Justin, you seemed quite protective of Bella earlier. Are you still in love with her?" Ryan studied his friend's unreadable face.
"If it were you, I'd have done the same," Justin replied, his deep eyes fixed on the distance." Does that mean I love you too?"
Ryan furrowed his brows in mock distress and gasped. "Are you saying you don't love me?!" Justin's expression grew exasperated. "Chairman Hoffman, that's disgusting."
"Pfft. Who are you kidding?" Ryan bumped his shoulder playfully. "You're all bark and no bite. Don't be so stubborn!"
"Thanks for tonight. Go back to Carrie. Goodnight." With that, Justin turned to leave.
Before he could, Ryan grabbed his arm, his tone serious. "Justin, with everything going on, why didn't you come to me sooner? If I'd known Grant had his sights set on you, I'd have been here long ago to back you up!"
"I don't need your help."
Ryan's voice rose in frustration. "Why not?!"
"Because being targeted by Grant is dangerous."
"But-"
"Do you want my sister dragged into life-and-death trouble again?" Justin's gaze turned icy. "He's a more formidable opponent than Liam or Christopher. I won't let anyone else close to me get hurt."
Without waiting for a response, Justin strode to his car and drove off, leaving Ryan standing alone, worry etched across his face.
Having secured Dr. Wagner's compliance, Steven was in high spirits as he drove back. But in the backseat, Bella was unusually quiet.
"Now that Dr. Wagner is willing to clear Mr. Salvador's name, it'll not only shift public opinion but also deal a blow to Grant's camp. Ms. Bella, don't you think "
Steve trailed off as he noticed in the rearview mirror that Bella was leaning against the car window, her face streaked with silent tears.
Not a single sound escaped her lips.
Recalling everything that had happened tonight, Steven felt a pang of sadness. He quickly averted his gaze, choosing not to speak further.
He pretended not to notice, giving Bella space to collect herself.
Just then, her phone rang. Bella hurriedly wiped her tears. Seeing it was Asher calling, she steadied her breathing and answered. "Ash."
"Bella, I'm in Meridan now," Asher's voice sounded weary, almost defeated.
"How is it? Did you find Arnold?"
There was a pause on the other end. Then a bitter voice carried through the line like a cold wind.
"Bella, I'm sorry. I've tried everything, but I can't find Arnold. He might not even be in Meridan anymore."
Bella's chest tightened, but she spoke softly to comfort him. "It's alright. We'll think of another way."
"Bella, I'm scared... I'm terrified I'll never find him again."
###chapter2409

Chapter 2409
Bella said, "Ash, don't be so pessimistic."
Perhaps it was because she had just seen Justin and experienced yet another heart-pounding moment, Bella was feeling particularly emotional.
Her reddened eyes shimmering with unshed tears. "Loving someone doesn't always mean possessing them to find happiness. As long as they're living well somewhere in the world- free, safe, and without hardship-that should be enough, shouldn't it?"
"You're right, Bella." Asher's voice carried deep sorrow, his laughter tinged with bitterness. "Arnold has given up too much for me. He sacrificed so much. I don't deserve someone as wonderful as him. Only by leaving me can he find true happiness."
Once Grant officially took over, his first major task was to assume control of the A5 project bidding from Justin.
Although Justin's downfall had paved the way for Grant to inherit the Salvador family's legacy rightfully, Grant was well aware that some within the company still doubted him. They questioned whether he possessed the same decisiveness and competence as Justin.
Securing the A5 project would silence these critics. Once the project was his, no one in the Salvador Corporation would question his position-not even Nigel.
In the chairman's office at the Salvador Corporation headquarters.
"In recent days, our stock price has remained stagnant, with someone covertly purchasing Salvador Corporation shares. Thankfully, with you here, Grant, we've managed to stabilize the situation."
Gregory patted Grant on the shoulder, his face glowing with approval. "Grant, you've never once disappointed me since you were a child. I'm truly proud of you!"
"Thank you for your praise. The Salvador Corporation is the fruit of your and Grandpa's hard work. No matter what, I will protect it."
Grant's lips curled into a faint smile as he picked up the teapot and poured a cup of tea for Gregory. "Dad, though I've taken over the daily operations of the group in Justin's stead, I must ask you something. Did you only give me this opportunity because of Justin's downfall? Or... Had you always intended to let me prove myself?"
Gregory froze, clearly caught off guard by the question.
After a few seconds of silence, he chuckled and replied earnestly, "Grant, you're my eldest son, the one I've raised and watched grow. How could I not give you a chance? Moreover, it was thanks to your intervention during the partnership with the Wilsons in Meridan and the media crisis over the banned substances scandal that the Salvador Corporation weathered
those storms. You've already proven yourself capable of handling the position." Though Gregory had passed the prime of his life, he was not foolish. He could hear the probing undertone in Grant's question.
With Justin's scandal causing stock fluctuations and an urgent project at stake, Grant had stepped in during a critical moment. Gregory knew he had to reassure his eldest son, ensuring trust to prevent further instability that might jeopardize the company's development.
"Dad, your words truly reassure me." Grant appeared satisfied with the answer, his smile calm as he promised, "Rest assured, I will secure the A5 project."
Just then, a knock sounded at the door.
When Gregory allowed entry, Paul hurried in, holding an iPad.
"Chairman Salvador, although our PR department has worked hard to control public opinion online, three major TV stations are still refusing to let this go. They're all official media outlets, so we can't pressure them to retract their stories!"
"Outrageous! How dare they?!" Gregory smashed his teacup to the ground in fury. "We've advertised with them, yet they repay us with betrayal?!"
"Dad, please calm down. This isn't a significant issue." Grant raised his delicate brows slightly, lifting a cup of tea and sipping it leisurely.
"How is this not a big deal?! Negative press could directly affect our chances of securing the A5 project!"
Gregory clasped his hands behind his back, pacing anxiously. "Although we have no competitors in Savrow, the KS Group from Hatchbay is eyeing this lucrative opportunity. If we fail to win the project, KS Group will likely take it!"
Grant's eyes narrowed, his lips curving into a faint, enigmatic smile. "If it ends up in Ms. Thompson's hands, I wouldn't mind stepping aside to fulfill her dreams."
"Grant, I know you're fond of that girl, but you can't let infatuation cloud your judgment! Your brother started his string of bad luck after getting involved with Ms. Thompson!"
Gregory's exasperation was palpable, though it was tinged with resentment. "What's done is done. There's no point in clarifying matters now."
Grant's tone remained indifferent as he proposed, "Why not hold a press conference and broadcast it nationwide? As the president, I'll personally address the public, sincerely apologizing on behalf of the Salvador Corporation. Since we can't reverse the situation, we can at least take responsibility and admit our mistakes. This might help us salvage some goodwill and reputation."
Gregory sighed deeply. "At this point, it seems we have no other choice. But I'm still worried about the project..."
"Leave it to me, Dad."
Leaning forward slightly, Grant placed his cold palm over Gregory's hand in a gesture of reassurance. "You don't need to worry about anything. All I ask is for your complete trust in
me."
When Grant returned to his office, he found Clarice seated on the sofa, waiting for him.
###chapter2410

Chapter 2410
"Sir." Clarice immediately stood up and bowed respectfully.
"What are you doing here?" Grant strode leisurely to the sofa and sat down, his gaze cool and distant as it fell upon her.
Clarice quickly explained, "Half an hour ago, I received a package addressed to you from the administrative secretary. I thought it might be something important and didn't want too many people handling it, so I waited for you to return and open it yourself."
"A package?" Grant's brows furrowed slightly.
Who would send a package to him at the Salvador Corporation headquarters? The thought seemed odd.
Clarice handed it over with both hands. Grant took it and opened it in front of her.
After unwrapping layer after layer, all that remained was a plain white envelope.
His expression darkened slightly, irritation flashing across his face as though he had been toyed with. Lowering his gaze, he tore open the envelope.
Inside the envelope was a stack of photos. He pinched the corner of one and slowly pulled it out.
Grant's pupils contracted violently, and his previously composed face drained of color.
"Sir, are you all right? Do you feel unwell?" Clarice noticed his sudden change in demeanor and asked with concern.
"Leave." His jaw tightened as he forced the words out.
"But you- "
"Get out!"
Startled by his sharp tone, Clarice quickly retreated from the office.
Standing outside the door, she turned back to look at the heavy wooden panels, her heart pounding.
The image of Grant's anger lingered in her mind, leaving her both uneasy and curious.
She had never seen him lose his composure like that. What exactly had he seen?
Inside the office, Grant flipped through the photographs one by one, his veins bulging as he clenched them in his trembling hands.
The boy in the photos was caged like an animal, trapped in a filthy dog kennel. His body was battered and bruised, his spirit utterly broken.
Surrounding the cage were men taunting and beating him-men who had taken these very photos.
They were the same five ruthless kidnappers led by Jeremy Mateo years ago.
The boy in the cage was Grant, who was now the impeccably dressed president of the Salvador Corporation.
His usually composed gaze turned blood-red with rage, and his trembling fingers crumpled the photos into a ball.
At that moment, his phone vibrated. [Private Number.]
A wave of cold hatred surged through him as he answered.
"Hello." Grant's voice was icy, laced with venom.
"My dear nephew..." Lucas's casual, mocking tone came through. "You must be riding high, taking up your new position. It's such a shame that I couldn't be there to celebrate with you. So, I had to send you a little gift. Did you like it?"
"Thank you for the surprise. It was quite memorable." Grant's voice was hoarse, restrained yet dark.
"You're a man of great power and influence now, and you've always been resourceful. This gift was just a reminder to stay humble and never forget your roots."
Lucas chuckled lazily, his words dripping with menace. "Oh, by the way, Jeremy Mateo only received a life sentence, not the death penalty. His brother, Jett Mateo, is still alive. After wandering abroad for years, rumor has it he's back in Savrow."
Grant clenched his jaw. "Uncle, I know what I need to do. There's no need for such theatrics."
"Years ago, you endured the humiliation and emerged unbroken. I'm sure you can handle this minor challenge too. After all, we Fowlers are no ordinary people." Lucas's voice abruptly dropped, becoming chillingly serious. "Regarding the A5 project, I want shares." "This is Savrow, not Sentania."
"If you can't meet my demands, Grant, you know what I'll do next. A presidency obtained through scheming isn't exactly a stable position, wouldn't you agree?"
The call ended abruptly.
Grant sat motionless on the sofa for a long time, his eyes bloodshot. Suddenly, he lashed out, hurling his phone with all his strength.
It smashed into the wall-mounted television, shattering both the tv and the phone.
###chapter2411
Chapter 2411
Drew and Yvonne were only reunited for two weeks before he was called back to resume his work.
On the eve of his departure, they spent every moment wrapped in each other's arms, lost in a haze of passionate intimacy.
"Yvonne, give me three months...only three more months," Drew whispered softly after the intensity had subsided.
He pulled her closer as they leaned against the headboard. Despite being exhausted, neither could bring themselves to sleep. "Once I've finished these tasks, I'll quit for good. After that, I'll be by your side forever.
"We'll go wherever you want to go. Whether you want to have fun or go on crazy adventures, I'll do it with you for the rest of our lives."
He was not much for fancy words, so he spoke from the heart. He was bold and unrestrained.
At that moment, all he wanted was to be with her.
It did not matter what they did; he just wanted to stay by her side forever.
"Honestly, I hope you'll keep working as a secret agent because I know how fulfilled and happy it makes you. You've found your purpose, your mission. To me, that's one of the most important things in life," Yvonne said softly, snuggling against his chest.
She tried to hide the faint sadness in her eyes with a gentle smile. "I never understood what it was like to have dreams or beliefs until I met Bella. That's when I finally found my own purpose."
"Yvonne, what is your purpose?" Drew lowered his head, planting a warm kiss on her smooth forehead.
"To find a place where there is hope," Yvonne whispered, closing her eyes. A single tear escaped the corner of her eye.
A wave of deep sadness surged in Drew's throat. He could only hold her closer, his hand caressing her shoulder, unable to utter a single word.
His work required him to keep his identity hidden, like walking a tightrope every day. Yet he fought for justice with unwavering conviction, loving his job and fully dedicating himself to
it.
But the woman he loved had gone through unimaginable anguish, stuck in a deep, dark pit. Her simple words carried the weight of unspeakable pain-pain that he could feel profoundly as if it were his own.
What had happened to her could not simply be erased. It might take a lifetime to heal.
But he had the patience and love that were enough to last a lifetime. He would do anything for her, as long as she was happy.
"Drew, you have to leave at dawn. Get some rest; you'll need the energy," Yvonne said, tucking the down blanket snugly over him like a mother would for her child, covering his toned abs.
"Other wives beg their husbands not to go, but you? You're practically shoving me out the door," Drew teased with a playful frown on his face.
Yvonne let out a soft chuckle. "What are you trying to say?"
"I really don't want to leave you."
Suddenly, Drew leaned over and kissed her passionately. Their fingers intertwined, forming an unbreakable bond. "I'll ask for time off from work. I'll stick around for one more day. After breakfast tomorrow, get yourself all dolled up and come with me."
Yvonne looked up at him, puzzled. "Where are we going?"
Drew's lips curled into a sly smile, his voice firm and resolute. "To register our marriage." Yvonne's beautiful eyes widened in surprise. Her heart raced, and her breath quickened.
"Bella and Asher are busy with the Justin case, so they probably can't make it in time. But I don't care anymore. I want to marry you now." Drew's eyes burned with determination, his impatience spilling over.
"There's no need to rush. We'll wait for your return. We'll go once we've told your dad," Yvonne said gently, her fingers caressing his cheek. Her eyes were filled with warmth, melting Drew's heart.
"No one's going to take me away. I'm yours, always yours." Drew knew she was right. He was acting impulsively.
Yvonne was thoughtful and grounded, more so than many of the daughters of prominent families. Her request to inform his father was a respectful gesture.
Yet, a strange unease weighed on Drew's chest, a sense of foreboding he could not shake off.
"You're not sleeping? Then I'll sleep first," Yvonne teased, pretending to sleep as she turned slightly.
She had something on her mind and could not sleep. Besides, in two hours, she'd have to wake up to make breakfast for Drew.
"Yvonne, promise me one thing. Promise you'll behave..." Drew murmured as he leaned in for another kiss.
Yvonne suddenly covered his mouth, letting out a soft laugh.
###chapter2412

Chapter 2412
"Drew, stop it. Any more, and you'll start sounding like an old uncle."
After breakfast, Drew packed his belongings in the morning and left Yara Park.
Throughout the day, Yvonne kept herself busy around the Thompson household, lending a hand wherever needed. She helped Mila organize Larson Biotech's project materials, whipped up some soup with Celeste, and tended to the horses together with Sasha.
Yvonne even assisted Amelia, who was close to her due date, with her shower.
She was always diligent, but today, her focus seemed even more intense. She wanted to keep herself busy, all the while anticipating the arrival of night.
After the Thompson family dinner, they gathered in the living room, chatting and laughing in a warm, harmonious atmosphere.
Yvonne sat there quietly and patiently, waiting until everyone had retired to their rooms. Only then did she get up to assist the maids in clearing the fruit peels and shells from the coffee table.
"Yvonne."
Yvonne froze. She turned toward the voice and saw Wyatt, who was being supported by Quentin, standing a few steps away looking at her.
"C-Chairman Thompson," Yvonne stammered, feeling tense as she straightened up.
Up until now, Wyatt had always addressed her politely as "Ms. Smith."
He knew about her relationship with his son but never openly ed or supported it. It was always subtle, distant, and understated.
But this was the first time Wyatt called her "Yvonne," just like he addressed the other children in the family.
No wonder her heart was fluttering!
"We've known each other for so long. So why the formality?" Wyatt said warmly. "Don't call me Chairman Thompson anymore. What do young people say these days?"
Quentin chimed in, "It sounds way too formal."
"Exactly, too formal. Just go with Uncle Wyatt."
"Uncle Wyatt," Yvonne answered Wyatt in a soft, constrained tone.
Wyatt noticed the trash clutched in her hands and felt sorrowful.
He spoke gently, "Yvonne, you're my son's girlfriend, a guest of honor and family. These
chores are for the maids. You don't need to do them yourself."
The word "family" struck Yvonne like a tidal wave, filling her eyes with tears. Her lips quivered, but she did not say a word.
"This morning, Drew came to see me before he left for work. Yvonne, do you know how long it's been since my son and I had a proper conversation? It's been years since he said goodbye to me before leaving on a trip, and it's all because of you."
Wyatt's grin widened, his joy evident. "Moreover, he told me he wants to marry you. As soon as he gets back, he wants to officially register your marriage and even asked me to come along to witness the whole process.
"Yvonne, you have no idea how happy that made me. Drew, who's never asked me for anything, finally came to me with a request. For the majority of his life, I've been more like a stranger, barely involved in his world. But thanks to you, I feel like his dad again. He opened up to me and showed me his desires. He wants you."
Yvonne listened quietly, tears streaming down her face.
No wonder Drew had disappeared for a while that morning. So, that was what he had been up to.
Yet he had kept this from her. She had no idea!
"Yvonne, the truth is I've already accepted you for some time now. I just never found the right time to tell you. Drew is wholeheartedly devoted to you for life. But I must ask, are you ready to walk this journey with him? He's got his fair share of quirks, his work situation is unstable, and he's often away from home. So, are you willing to marry him?"
Known for his commanding presence, Wyatt seemed unusually cautious and timid in front of Yvonne.
"I... I... I'm willing," Yvonne murmured through her tears, her voice barely audible.
"Wonderful! Excellent!" Wyatt's face lit up with delight. He gave the armrest a hearty slap. Drew told me before he left that you might hesitate about registering the marriage immediately. He was concerned you might still be uncertain.
"But don't worry. I'll give him a call later and tell him to focus on his work and come back soon to marry you!"
###chapter2413

Chapter 2413
Yvonne had been blissfully happy after dating Drew. But the moment Wyatt gave them his approval and gave his blessing for their marriage, that was the pinnacle of her joy.
In fact, Yvonne had always been hard on herself, seeing herself as inadequate and undeserving. She never truly believed she was worthy of Drew's love.
She had originally thought that if Wyatt did not approve of her, or worse, insisted on finding an elite, noble heiress for Drew, she would back off without a second thought. She would never put him in a difficult spot with his father.
Her love for Drew was pure and selfless. She was willing to sacrifice everything for him.
But the truth was, the entire Thompson family welcomed her with open arms.
No one looked down on her because of her background. Instead, they showed empathy for her struggles.
Such kindness was a debt Yvonne could never fully repay, no matter how many years passed. "Uncle Wyatt... Thank you. Thank you so much..." Yvonne said, eyes brimming with tears. "Yvonne," Wyatt chuckled warmly. "I suppose you won't be calling me Uncle Wyatt for much longer. Once Drew is back, you'll need to start calling me Dad."
Feeling embarrassed, Yvonne blushed and looked down as she bit her lip.
Wyatt took a deep breath, and a shadow of pain crossed his face as he thought of Bella's mother. Deep down, he felt a constant ache.
He was doing his best, fulfilling every promise he had made to Yara. He had vowed to make sure all their children would be happy.
Bella had gone through so much to be with Justin, but fate was now cruelly separating them. When would his precious daughter's life stop being so difficult?
"Yara, if you're watching over us, please help our daughter," Wyatt murmured to himself.
Late at night, when everyone in Yara Park was fast asleep, Yvonne changed into a black tracksuit that allowed her to move easily.
She went to the underground garage, retrieved the black sports car Drew had given her, and quietly drove toward the back gate of Yara Park.
As soon as she arrived at the back gate, she was stopped by a guard on duty.
The guard asked politely, "Ms. Yvonne, it's so late. Are you heading out?"
"I have insomnia," Yvonne replied with a faint smile. "I thought a drive might help."
"It's dangerous for a lady to be out alone this late. Let me assign someone to follow you."
"That's not necessary. I can handle myself. Most men can't take me down. Besides, I'll be in the car. Don't disturb anyone's rest."
With that, she stepped on the gas pedal and sped out of Yara Park.
Her gaze was cold and distant as she drove, her emotions heavy and suppressed.
The highway to Savrow stretched endlessly into the dark. With it came a flood of painful memories. Like an unrelenting tide, they surged from every direction.
Her hands gripped the steering wheel tightly, her teeth clenched as she raced toward her destination.
In the early hours of the morning, the sports car skidded to a stop with a sharp drift, coming to rest in front of the sealed, abandoned gates of Pivotage.
Once a den of debauchery and unimaginable sins, the place now lay in ruins, its infamy buried alongside Christopher's monstrous life.
Yvonne stood alone at the gate, her eyes red-rimmed and her body trembling.
She thought she had moved on, but returning to this place triggered a wave of intense emotional trauma.
The main gate and the back entrance had been sealed by the police.
What they did not know was that Pivotage had a hidden underground passage.
Christopher had designed it himself as an escape route during police raids, a way to safely evacuate his guests and avoid being captured.
Yvonne used a flashlight and made her way to the hillside behind Pivotage.
Beneath a large tree stood a small, concealed concrete structure. It was a hidden doorway leading to the underground passage.
With a flashlight clenched between her teeth, she used her lock-picking tools to pry the door open.
A rush of stale air filled with dust hit her face, making her cough uncontrollably, her eyes watering.
Once her breathing steadied, she bent down and stepped inside.
Although a long time had passed, Yvonne still remembered the layout and navigated to Christopher's private room with ease.
The electronic lock still had a backup power supply. Yvonne keyed in the code and pushed the door open. Slowly, she stepped inside.
###chapter2414

Chapter 2414
The password was Bella's birthday.
Christopher's so-called profound affection, which he proudly considered a sign of his
loyalty, came across as nothing more than pathetic, hateful, and ridiculous in Yvonne's eyes.
Yvonne took a deep breath and swiftly rummaged through the room.
She had learned from years of staying quiet and observing that Christopher had hidden compartments here, meant to hold essential papers. If he and Taylor did not reveal them, the police wouldn't necessarily find them all.
Yvonne was not sure how much time had passed before her persistence paid off.
Underneath a tall sculpture, her fingertips found the edge of a hidden compartment. Lifting the brick, she froze, her eyes widening as she held her breath.
Inside was a waterproof plastic bag containing a stack of documents and a USB drive.
Yvonne immediately pulled out the documents and scanned them. They were from the RC Biotech Research Centre in Meridan, detailing the shocking human drug trials that Christopher and the Boss had orchestrated together.
The report bore the official seal of the RC Biotech Research Center. This was undeniable, bloody evidence. It was proof of RC Biotech Research Center's inhumane, unspeakable atrocities!
Yvonne's excitement was palpable as she clutched the report, her hands shaking with anticipation.
Back then, Christopher had fled in haste, leaving no time to clean up the mess at Pivotage. She had always suspected that he had left something behind and she was right!
"Christopher, this loyalty of yours to that man is nothing but a joke."
In the end, even he had a backup plan, a way out for himself.
This indirectly confirmed that the RC Biotech Research Centre was connected to the Boss. Now, it seemed more and more likely that the Boss was none other than Grant!
Yvonne's heart raced with excitement. Without a computer available, she could not check the contents of the USB drive just yet. But whatever it contained, it was bound to be shocking.
She rolled the bag tightly and hid it under her clothes, then left the room quickly, intending to make her escape from Pivotage.
Yvonne had only gone a short distance when her pupils shrank and she froze in her tracks. A figure stood nearby, tall and sharp like a blade's edge.
The air was chilly and oppressive, yet the presence felt strangely familiar.
Yvonne's heart pounded as she switched off her flashlight and started backing away, taking it one step at a time.
With each step she took back, the man moved forward, matching her pace.
His hawk-like eyes gleamed frostily, and his bold, haughty features became more distinct with every stride.
"Jace..." Yvonne's throat tightened, her entire body enveloped by a bone-chilling murderous aura.
At that moment, it felt like she was not facing a man but a demon from the depths of hell. She knew there was no such thing as coincidence. There was only one explanation; Jace and Clarice both worked for Grant.
From the moment they had met at the orphanage, she had been targeted by them.
"Ms. Smith, we meet again." Jace's voice was calm, his expression devoid of emotion as he stared at her pale face. "You've changed so much I almost didn't recognize you. This face, it's not bad."
"I haven't changed. I'm simply embracing my true self." Yvonne's trembling fingers clenched into fists, every nerve in her body taut. "Did your master send you here?"
The man remained silent.
"What do you want? To kill me?" Yvonne struggled to keep her composure, though her trembling voice betrayed her fear.
"If you behave and come with me, I might spare your life." Jace was now just two steps away from her, his tone as casual as if discussing the weather. "Otherwise, Pivotage will be your final resting place."
Yvonne let out a bitter laugh, her reddened eyes glistening. "People will die eventually; that's just the way it is."
In a swift motion, she drew a dagger from her back and lunged towards Jace's chest. "But I won't die here, not today!"
###chapter2415

Chapter 2415
Yvonne looked at Jace with bloodshot eyes as she drove the gleaming blade straight toward Jace's chest.
Back when she was following Christopher, the first thing she learned was how to deliver a lethal strike in the shortest time possible. Her moves did not need to be elegant, only deadly.
She hated seeing blood and loathed the idea of killing. For years, she had never once used the techniques she had been taught.
Now, this man was the first to push her to act!
But just as the tip of her dagger was about to strike Jace's vital point, she hesitated.
A voice echoed in her mind-Drew's anguished and sorrowful voice. "Yvonne, I've always thought Jace was my long-lost brother, Hugh! We miss him so much... We just want him to come back home!"
Yvonne widened her eyes, and her movements slowed as the keen edge of her blade grew dull.
That split-second of hesitation was all it took for the tide to turn.
Jace remained still; his expression was as cold as the depths of the ocean as he firmly grasped Yvonne's delicate wrist and twisted it with force.
"Ah-!" Yvonne let out a muffled cry, her entire body drenched in cold sweat. The dagger fell from her hand with a clatter.
Before she could react, Jace yanked her toward him. Her back slammed hard into his chest, and his muscular forearm wrapped around her neck like an iron vise, completely immobilizing her.
Yvonne gasped for air, but her strength was rapidly waning. Her face flushed red as her breathing grew shallow and labored.
"You can't even kill someone properly. You're nothing but Christopher's failed creation." Jace spoke in a cold manner, his intense gaze locked onto Yvonne's flushed face and her eyes growing increasingly unfocused.
He knew that if he applied a little more force, it would take less than a minute for Yvonne to suffocate to death.
Although the order was to capture her alive, he thought it might be better to end her right here.
After all, living could sometimes be far more agonizing than dying.
He understood Grant's methods all too well.
"Hugh... H-Hugh..." Tears flowed from Yvonne's crimson eyes as she clawed at his iron grip
with trembling hands. "Please... wake up!"
'Hugh. Here we go again with Hugh!' Jace's chest heaved rapidly, and a peculiar uneasiness seized him as if he were the one being choked.
"How many times do I have to tell you? I'm not Hugh!"
"But you...are..." Yvonne's tear-filled eyes locked onto his, her lips trembling as she forced out her words. "Your family...is still waiting...for you to come home..."
The words "come home" jabbed at a deep-seated sore spot in Jace's heart.
A faint but sharp ache spread through his chest, piercing the icy fortress around his soul.
His head throbbed, and the stabbing pain caused his grip to loosen slightly.
Yvonne took a shaky breath, her airway finally clearing. But instead of fighting back or running away, she tried to convince him to turn this loyal subordinate of Grant against his master.
She knew she could not get away unless he let her, so she decided to take a chance.
"Jace, whether you're Hugh or not, I can tell you still have a conscience." Yvonne clutched her chest, coughing softly.
"Women and their fantasies." Jace did not release her, suppressing the throbbing pain in his head as he let out a cold laugh. "I spared you only because my orders were to bring you back alive. I'm just here to complete my mission."
"If that's true for this time... What about last time?"
His brows knitted tightly. "When Grant's sister, Carrie, was kidnapped, you and I were ordered by Christopher to create a diversion."
Yvonne's gaze was sharp, unrelenting. "I secretly passed information to them, pretending to fall into a trap... You saw through everything but chose to cover for me. You didn't report me to Christopher. What do you say about that?"
Jace's intense stare did not waver, his expression growing increasingly intense and ominous.
After a brief pause, Yvonne took a deep breath, her voice quivering with suppressed anger." You're Grant's right-hand man, and I have solid proof that Grant is the infamous Boss."
Jace's expression remained calm, but his fingers fidgeted slightly.
"He's working with the RC Biotech Research Center in Meridan to develop illegal drugs and using Christopher to conduct human trials in this country. These are inhumane atrocities, treating human lives like dirt!"
She continued, "This isn't his only crime. Jace, you still have a shred of humanity. Can you really stomach staying by a monster's side? Do you truly agree with everything he's done? Are you willing to sink into the darkness with him to conspire with an evil man?"
Yvonne's tears rolled down her cheeks as she gritted her teeth. "The true master of Pivotage
is also Grant, isn't it? Christopher was just his lapdog. Do you have any idea how many lives have been destroyed here? How many young women had their dreams shattered? The fancy exterior is just a cover for all their anguished cries. Grant orchestrated all of this!"
Jace's jaw tightened, his sharp features hardening.
He thought of the girl in the hospital bed, calling him "Brother" and begging him to save her.
A bitter, metallic taste filled his throat. He pressed his tongue against the roof of his mouth, trying to hold back the turmoil inside.
"If you want to take me away or even kill me, I'll go with you willingly. I'll accept whatever you want to do." Yvonne met his cold, sharp gaze head-on. "But... Can you give me just one night? After that, you can do whatever you want with me."
"Leave." The man's voice was suddenly icy.
Yvonne froze, wondering if she had heard him right. "What did you say?"
"Leave. Now." Jace turned, walking into the shadowy depths of the corridor. "Go back and tell your man to protect you well. I'm not running a charity. Next time, you might not be so
lucky,"
###chapter2416

Chapter 2416
Yvonne ran toward the hidden passage at Pivotage. Her eyes were red and filled to the brim with tears. As she ran, hot tears streamed into the air behind her.
Jace had spared her. He actually let her go!
Could this mean he truly was Hugh? Was his true self still intact, merely waiting for his past memories to awaken?
Her heart surged with a mixture of joy and disbelief. Without a second thought, she sprinted forward, desperate to find Bella and deliver both the evidence and this monumental news as soon as possible.
Emerging from the hidden passage, Yvonne navigated the overgrown and treacherous trails of the mountain, utterly alone.
Suddenly, her breath caught, and her body froze.
Blinding, white light beamed down from all directions, striking her slender, frail figure.
The glaring illumination pinned her to the center of an inescapable ambush.
Her heart thundered in her chest. Cold sweat drenched her pale, almost translucent face. The veins on the back of her hand bulged as she gripped her dagger tightly.
Six men clad entirely in black emerged from the surrounding underbrush. They carried high -powered flashlights, closing in on her step by step. The concentrated beams of light made the night as bright as day, leaving her with nowhere to hide.
There was only one path left-she had to fight her way out!
Yvonne's crimson eyes flared with determination. She launched herself forward, her dagger slashing directly at an assailant's throat.
Her strike was precise, executed with full force and astonishing speed, aiming straight for a vital point.
The man froze for a moment, stunned that such a seemingly fragile woman could possess such lethal skill.
In the next instant, his flashlight fell to the ground as blood spurted from his throat.
Yvonne seized the opening, turning and fleeing with all her might. This might be her only chance.
She had no idea how many more were laying in ambush in the mountain, waiting to strike. But a gnawing sense of foreboding churned in her chest-that she might not make it back alive.
No, this was not a chance to escape. This was her sole opportunity to deliver the intelligence.
Seeing that no immediate pursuers appeared, Yvonne pulled the evidence from her chest
Yvonne used her dagger to dig a small hole beneath a large tree, hurriedly burying the item within.
She carved a cross-shaped mark on the tree trunk, then resumed running while dialing Bella's number.
After two rings, Bella answered, her voice slightly fatigued yet still gentle enough to bring tears to Yvonne's eyes.
"Yvonne?"
Yvonne's parched lips parted, but before she could speak-Bang!
A gunshot rang out.
A bullet struck her left arm, causing her to drop her phone, which tumbled down the slope.
On the other end, Bella heard the deafening shot, followed by chaotic noises, before the line abruptly cut off.
A chill ran down Bella's spine. She bolted upright from her bed, frantically redialing
Yvonne's number, only to find it unreachable.
Her heart clenched tightly. Her palms grew damp with sweat.
That sound just now-was it a gunshot?
'What happened to Yvonne?' Bella was not staying at Yara Park tonight; she had been staying at the villa in Savrow due to a project. Afraid of alarming Drew, she decided to call the butler instead.
"Hello, Ms. Bella," Finley answered immediately.
"Is Yvonne staying at our house tonight?" Bella asked urgently, her voice hoarse from panic. "Yes, Ms. Smith has been staying with us these past few days," Finley confirmed.
###chapter2417

Chapter 2417
"What about now? Is she still at the house?"
"No, Ms. Smith left around 11:00 p.m. She drove out alone through the back gate. Our security team tried to stop her, but she said she couldn't sleep and wanted to go for a drive, promising to return soon. But she hasn't come back, and we've been wondering about it." Bella felt a deafening buzz in her ears, her heart plummeting into despair.
She hung up the phone, her thin nightgown soaked in cold sweat. Her hand trembled violently as she clutched the phone.
Bella wanted to call Asher, but he was still in Meridan searching for Arnold and would not be able to return anytime soon
Axel was absent tonight, likely spending time with Roza, and even if she dragged him out of bed in the middle of the night, he had less combat ability than her. What could he do to help?
Meanwhile, Drew had just returned to work. Right now, the only one nearby and capable of aiding her was Ralph.
Bella dialed Ralph's number, pacing anxiously in front of the window. She called three times, but there was no answer.
Panic started to consume her. She changed into proper clothes at lightning speed and dashed downstairs.
The commotion woke Wilma, who was a light sleeper. She quickly put on a jacket and hurried over. Seeing Bella's pale face, she was so startled that she dropped formalities and blurted out.
"Young Madam, what's wrong? You look so unwell! Are you feeling sick? Where are you going? Let me come with you!"
"Wilma... Something happened to my sister-in-law! I have to save her!"
Bella had always been someone who carried her burdens alone, never letting those around her know, afraid of causing them unnecessary worry.
But this time, the turmoil had overwhelmed her. She couldn't hold it in and confided in Wilma.
"Your sister-in-law? Which one?" Wilma was baffled. After all, Bella had too many brothers!
"Yvonne... She's in danger right now! I have to find her!"
Bella was about to leave, but Wilma blocked her.
"Young Madam! You can't go alone-it's too dangerous! If you're worried, call your brothers. Aren't they all incredibly skilled, with some even in law enforcement? Contact them and let them handle this. At the very least, report this to the police! You going alone is
absolutely not an option!"
Of course, Bella wanted to call the police. But she could not yet confirm Yvonne's exact situation. For missing persons, the authorities would not open a case until 48 hours had passed. By then, it would be too late!
"Young Madam, are you crying?" Wilma noticed the tears streaking down Bella's cheeks and panicked.
"Wilma, I can't find anyone to help me right now. I have no choice but to rely on myself." Bella had always been cautious and thoughtful, considering every possibility. But now, that left her utterly helpless.
"Who says that? You still have our Young Master Justin!"
Bella froze, her gaze flickering. "Justin...?"
"Call him now. If it's for you, Young Master Justin would cross mountains and seas to come. Let me call him for you!" Wilma immediately pulled out her phone.
"Would he... Would he really come?" Bella's voice wavered, filled with uncertainty.
"He would. Always."
Wilma embraced Bella tenderly, like a mother comforting her child. Her eyes glistened with tears.
"Young Madam, even if you doubt the whole world, you must never doubt Young Master Justin. I refuse to believe that a single illness could erase the love he has for you. I refuse to believe it!"
Bella's heart clenched painfully. Hot, silent tears streamed down her face.
In the stillness of the misty hours of dusk, Tideview Manor lay shrouded in eerie quiet.
Ian stood like a stone sentinel at the door to Justin's room, fists clenched tightly. The bloodshot veins in his eyes betrayed the torment he was feeling at that moment.
###chapter2418

Chapter 2418
Inside the room, Justin lay tied to the bed, bound tightly with ropes. A towel was stuffed in his mouth as his entire body convulsed violently, wracked by the excruciating torment of drug withdrawal. It felt like thousands of ants gnawed relentlessly at his flesh and bones.
He would no longer take the drugs.
There were countless times when he felt an overwhelming urge to give in, to take just one dose and end it all. His iron will was reaching its breaking point.
But in the end, he endured. Justin curled up tightly, his crimson eyes shut firmly.
Justin remembered when he was young, his mother had told him time and again to be a person of integrity and dignity. He could not disappoint his mother or those who believed in him. He absolutely could not fall into depravity!
Outside the door, Ian checked his watch. Seeing that the time was right, he unlocked the door and entered, locking it again behind him.
When he turned around, he was startled to see Justin standing stiffly in the living room. His handsome face was ashen, damp, and disheveled black hair clung to his forehead. He exuded a feeling of defeat and frailty.
"Mr. Salvador, how did you untie the ropes?" Ian's chest ached as he asked in a hoarse voice.
"You didn't tie them tight enough. Next time, make them tighter." Justin collapsed weakly onto the sofa. Leaning back, he looked up to the ceiling. His throat moved painfully as he swallowed.
He had endured this time. But what about the next endless torment after that? How could he continue to endure this?
Suddenly, his phone rang.
'Who could it be at this hour?' Justin leaned forward with great effort, picked up the phone from the coffee table, and saw the name "Bella" flashing on the screen.
His chest rose and fell heavily. Without delay, he answered, his voice low and steady. "It's late, Ms. Thompson. What's the matter?"
"Mr. Salvador, I'm sorry for disturbing your rest." Bella's trembling voice began with an apology.
Justin pursed his lips together. "It's fine. Speak."
"Yvonne may be in danger. My brothers are either unreachable or out of the country... I don't know what to do..."
"Where are you? I'll come to you." Before she could finish, Justin shot up from the couch, though he swayed violently.
"Mr. Salvador!" Ian reacted quickly and rushed to support him.
Justin felt dizzy, but his voice remained calm and reassuring as he spoke to Bella.
"Don't worry. I'll come to you now. We'll talk in person."
After ending the call, he instructed Ian to prepare the car.
"Mr. Salvador, you're incredibly weak right now. Every time you have an episode, you need at least a full day and night of rest to recover. Can you really do this?" Ian was frantic, seeing Justin struggle to even stand.
"My condition doesn't matter." Justin closed his eyes briefly. When he opened them again, his gaze was resolute. "But right now, I must reach Bella as quickly as possible. I owe her that much."
There was one thing he kept hidden, growing quietly in his heart.
Even if he owed her nothing, he would still rush to her side without hesitation to protect her, no matter the cost.
###chapter2419

Chapter 2419
Justin descended the stairs with long, rapid strides. Each of his steps felt more urgent than the last. Trailing behind him was Ian, running to keep up.
As they entered the living room, Justin caught sight of Grant seated alone in his wheelchair, with an upright and composed posture. Their gazes locked, tension crackling like a drawn blade.
"Going out so late, Justin? Where are you heading?" Grant's lips curled into a faint smile, his tone light yet probing.
Ian clenched his fists, barely suppressing the urge to kick over the wheelchair and wipe the smug expression off Grant's face.
"You? Awake at this hour?" Justin's voice was cold, his thin lips parting briefly. "Seems your half-disabled body has quite the stamina."
"You look anxious, Justin. Is there something urgent? Do you need my help?" Grant ignored the sarcasm, his smile unwavering.
"It's none of your concern." With that, Justin strode past him like a cold gust of wind.
"Justin," Grant called out, his tone calm yet sharp. "Many things and people have nothing to do with you. Why insist on wading into the muddy waters and inviting trouble for yourself?"
Justin's steps faltered briefly, a chill creeping into his chest.
This so-called elder brother of his never wasted words. Behind his gentle facade was a sophisticated mind capable of causing chaos without lifting a finger.
To the outside world, Grant appeared to be a saint. But beneath that polished exterior lurked a cesspool of corruption, gnawed away by deceit and cruelty.
Justin's sharp eyes narrowed. He turned and approached his brother.
Bang!
Without warning, Justin kicked the base of Grant's wheelchair.
Grant's body jolted violently. He barely managed to steady himself after clutching the armrest, but the incident left him disheveled and humiliated.
Ian's heart leaped with glee. 'Serves him right!'
"I don't discriminate against the disabled," Justin said coldly, leaning closer, his tall frame looming over Grant. "But I despise those who fake being crippled to garner sympathy. If you're truly paralyzed, I wish you a swift recovery. If you're pretending, then I hope you're stuck in that chair for life."
With those words, Justin turned and left, vanishing with Ian through the front door in mere moments.
Grant sat motionless for a long time. Finally, he rose from the wheelchair, his eyes blazing red. With a roar, he kicked the chair over, sending it crashing to the ground.
At that moment, his phone vibrated. Breathing heavily, he answered, his voice dripping venom.
"Is it done?"
On the other end, Clarice hesitated briefly before replying respectfully, "We've got her. Do you want her alive or...?"
"Fool! What use is a corpse?" Grant shut his bloodshot eyes, trying to suppress the fury stirred by Justin. His voice was hoarse but commanding. "Keep her alive."
At the back of the mountain, the blizzard howled through the darkness.
Yvonne lay sprawled in the snow, her left shoulder pierced by a bullet. Despite her fierce resistance, she was outnumbered and overpowered.
Her body was battered and bleeding. The once-pristine snow beneath her turned crimson with her blood-a grotesque yet hauntingly beautiful sight.
The black-clad assailants parted to make way as Clarice approached leisurely, wrapped in a luxurious white fur coat. Careful not to soil her expensive boots, she stopped short of Yvonne.
"I knew it. A rat like you would try something underhanded sooner or later," Clarice sneered, her eyes glinting with disdain. "Christopher met his miserable end because of his foolish mercy. When your precious Pivotage fell, he should've put a bullet in your head and rid himself of future trouble."
Yvonne's pale face nearly blended with the snow. Trembling fingers clawed at the icy ground, the searing cold acted as her only anchor to consciousness.
"That man... So pathetic and pitiful. He spent his life pining for Bella, never to have her. So he settled for you, a counterfeit, to console himself," Clarice said, kicking a stone at Yvonne's motionless body. Her gaze brimmed with contempt.
"I'd love nothing more than to send you to join him. A quick death, though... That's too good for you," Clarice added, her smile venomous.
"Then... Do it already... Stop wasting breath!" Yvonne screamed hoarsely; her breath labored as she screamed with what strength she had left.
"Oh, no. You want a quick death? I'll make sure you don't get it," Clarice hissed, crouching low, her eyes gleaming dangerously. "Blame yourself for siding with Bella. That bitch is the person I despise most in this world!"
"Who are you really?" Yvonne forced her heavy eyelids open, her breath forming thick clouds in the freezing air.
Clarice ignored the question, her tone icy as she gave an order.
"Search her."
One of the men stepped forward, roughly stripping Yvonne's blood-soaked clothing to ensure nothing was hidden.
Clarice watched with satisfaction as Yvonne lay defenseless, helpless. A laugh escaped her lips, a sense of long-awaited reprieve spreading through her chest.
Still, Clarice could not help but think. 'If only Yvonne still had Bella's face, this would be even more satisfying!'
###chapter2420

Chapter 2420
"Ms. Amaryllis, we've searched everywhere. There's nothing here." One of the men reported.
Clarice's brows furrowed in irritation. "Impossible! Where's her phone?"
"No phone was found."
This time, Clarice could not care less about appearances. She stormed forward, crouching down to grab Yvonne by the hair, forcing the battered woman to meet her gaze.
"Bitch! You must have been looking for something if you're in Pivotage in the dead of night. What did you find? Hand it over, and I might spare your miserable life!"
Yvonne spat blood and saliva directly into Clarice's face.
"You bitch!" Clarice's eyes burned with rage, and she slapped Yvonne twice.
Her hand stinging from the impact but still unsatisfied, she screamed, "Take her away!"
Two men hurried forward, dragging Yvonne's limp, bloodied body.
Clarice wiped the blood and spit from her face, her eyes bloodshot with fury. "Keep searching! Track every step she took to get here. I want every inch of the path searched!"
Justin took the wheel himself, speeding toward Bella with reckless urgency.
Outside what was once their love nest, Bella stood silently in the biting cold. Snow fell, accumulating on her slim figure.
Unable to bear the sight, Wilma held an umbrella over her to shield her from the falling snow.
To the world, Bella seemed to possess everything. Yet, Wilma only saw the loneliness in her eyes. 'Young Master Justin, when will you wake up? How could you let such a good woman slip away?'
A sleek black Maybach skidded to a dramatic stop before the villa, scattering snow in its wake.
Justin stepped out of the car, and he quickly strode toward Bella with determined steps. Behind him, Ian stumbled out of the car, barely walking a few steps before doubling over and retching. Clearly, Justin's driving had been too much for him.
"Young Master Justin! You're finally here!" Wilma's voice trembled, a mix of relief and reproach in her eyes as she looked at him.
Bella exhaled softly, her breath visible in the frigid air. She gazed into Justin's deep black eyes, her lips trembling as if to speak but no words came.
Once, she had no reservations about making demands, throwing tantrums, or teasing him playfully. But now, all of that seemed to be privileges she had lost.
She hesitated, holding back.
"Why are you standing outside in this weather?" Justin asked, his voice low and steady, his piercing gaze meeting her reddened eyes.
Bella's voice was hoarse and faint. "I was waiting for you."
Something tightened in Justin's chest. His fingers curled slightly. "Let's talk inside."
"No," she said, shaking her head. "There's no time. We need to find Yvonne immediately... She might be in danger!"
Recalling the sound that had jolted her earlier -a loud gunshot-Bella's composure began to crumble.
Tears brimmed in her eyes as she said, "I think I heard gunshots... I heard them! Yvonne's phone is unreachable. What if she's been shot? What if something's already happened to her?!"
"Bella, don't scare yourself. You're always optimistic. Don't let your imagination run wild," Justin said, his rigid stance betraying the restraint he exerted to suppress his emotions.
"If something happens to Yvonne, Drew will be ruined!" Bella's voice cracked as she thought of her brother, who had only recently found happiness. The tears she had held back began to fall, streaming down her face as she sobbed openly in front of him.
"Yvonne can't get hurt... She just can't!"
Before she could finish, Bella felt the world spin and her body limp as she collapsed to the ground.
Bella was overworked and exhausted. Consumed by responsibilities at KS Group and desperately trying to help Justin, she had not slept in days, and her strength had finally given out.
Wilma panicked, but Justin reacted swiftly.
His arm shot out, catching Bella's waist and pulling her into his embrace. Without hesitation, he opened his coat, wrapping her in its warmth to shield her from the snow and cold.
The gesture was instinctive, etched into his very being.
No matter how much poison life fed him, his habit of protecting her was unshakeable.
"What's wrong?" Justin asked, concern heavy in his tone.
The fragile woman in his arms did not reply, only sobbing softly against him.
"Bella, stop crying. If you don't, I'll leave right now. I won't care anymore," Justin warned,
his voice firm yet tinged with helplessness.
But Bella only cried harder, her tears soaking through his crisp shirt.
Justin's brows furrowed deeply. He let out a quiet sigh, his calloused hand resting gently on her trembling back.
In truth, he could not stand seeing her cry.
Every drop of tear she shed pierced his heart.
###chapter2421

Chapter 2421
Running around recklessly was not going to help the situation.
Justin decided to ask Bella to stop standing in the cold wind and return to the villa to warm up.
In the meantime, he got his people to begin the search and contacted Ryan to send reinforcements.
The two of them sat side by side on the sofa.
This time, it felt different. They were much closer than before, no longer separated by another person.
It felt natural, like two magnets drawn to each other. Neither knew who leaned toward whom first. But at the moment, Bella had no interest in romance.
She sat curled up on the sofa, her arms wrapped around herself, her damp jacket still on as a chill crept through her body.
Bella sat quietly and listened as Justin made calls, directing the search efforts with his usual calm and meticulous manner.
In the past, his presence would have been enough to ease her mind. But this time, her thoughts were in chaos.
The anguish in her heart felt like it was being torn apart by relentless, sharp claws, the piercing pain radiating through her chilled body and leaving her struggling to breathe under the weight of her emotions.
"Young Madam, please take off your jacket, or you'll catch a cold!" Wilma hurried over with a cup of hot tea, holding it out to Bella with both hands. "Drink this while it's hot. It'll warm you up."
Bella hesitated. "I'm fine. Give it to Mr. Salvador instead."
"He's as tough as steel! When he was a kid, he rolled in the snow and swam in frozen lakes during winter training. Stop worrying about him!"
Justin continued his call with Ryan, but his intense gaze shifted toward Bella upon hearing this.
Bella's elegant, pale features revealed her inner turmoil.
Despite her efforts to mask her emotions, her body trembled beneath the snow-white jacket, like a fragile ice sculpture on the verge of shattering at the slightest breath of wind.
After finishing the call, Justin's voice had a gentle tone. "Ryan's on his way. Don't worry. Ms. Smith's a tough one."
Bella handed him the cup with both hands. "Thank you, Mr. Salvador."
"No need for that," Justin said, waving off the tea.
As he lowered his gaze, his eyes landed on Bella's hands. Once flawless like porcelain, they now bore faint scars from the frostbite.
A pang shot through Justin's chest.
His thin lips moved slightly, as though he wanted to ask if her wounds still hurt.
Before he could speak, Bella beat him to it. She asked, "Is Ryan on his way?"
Justin nodded. "Yes."
"But what about Carrie? Will she be alright on her own?" Bella asked.
"She's not a child anymore. After everything she's been through, she's become more independent and resilient. Besides, Dean is with her. She'll be fine."
Justin frowned and reached over to unzip her jacket. "It's warm in here. You shouldn't keep that damp jacket on, or you might catch a cold."
Bella lowered her gaze. Her mind was a whirlwind of thoughts, leaving her in a daze.
As her jacket came off, her soft figure in a silk nightgown came into view in the dim light. She looked dazzling.
Her glossy dark hair fell over her chest, partially obscuring the glimpse of skin beneath. It was a mix of innocence and allure, both modest and captivating.
Justin shifted uneasily, swallowing hard.
Bella realized she was wearing nothing but a thin, translucent nightgown underneath. She hurriedly clutched her jacket closed, blushing as she lowered her eyes in embarrassment. Though they had once been husband and wife, this moment felt like the shy, tentative stirrings of a new romance between two people unfamiliar with such closeness.
Observing this, Wilma quietly slipped away.
"What did Yvonne tell you the last time you spoke?" Justin steadied his turbulent emotions, his voice laced with a hint of hoarseness.
"She didn't mention anything... Or maybe she didn't have the chance," Bella replied. Bella's mind replayed the abrupt noise from the call. Her entire body turned cold, her lips pale. "The phone must have dropped somewhere. I heard a bunch of jumbled sounds, like something rolling around, and then the call was cut off. That's all I know.
"It's nearly dawn now. She was alone in the early hours of the morning when she suddenly called you. But why?"
Justin's brows furrowed sharply. He tended to focus on the reasons behind actions and the key issues. "If she was in danger, she could've called the police, Drew, or Ralph first. Why did she call you instead?"
Bella's lips tightened into a pale line as she mulled over the question. She had been wondering the same thing herself.
"Her motive is key here. If we can figure out why she acted this way, we might be able to retrace her steps and understand what happened to her."
Justin sounded more serious now. "The police might not take the case right away since they usually wait 48 hours for a missing person report. But we can't wait that long. We need their help right away.
"Ms. Thompson, you must contact Ralph immediately to review surveillance footage along Yvonne's route. That might help us pinpoint where she went."
"Yvonne... Maybe there was something important she needed to tell me. But she didn't have the chance before danger struck."
Bella buried her fingers in her hair, clutching it tightly as she struggled to breathe. "She's skilled in self-defense. Ordinary thugs wouldn't be able to handle her.
"The enemy must have had a gun, forcing her to let go of the phone. That shows they were armed, organized, and not acting alone.
"She might have been targeted the moment she left home. No... They've been watching her for a long time! They were only waiting for the right moment to strike!"
###chapter2422

Chapter 2422
"Christopher and Taylor are both dead. Who else could be after her?"
A sudden realization hit Justin. His eyes grew wide. "Grant and... Clarice?"
He recalled how Grant had stayed up late in the living room instead of going to bed.
It seemed intentional-a calculated move, a silent challenge!
"It has to be them. I can't think of anyone else who would want to harm Yvonne," Justin said.
Bella's voice quivered as she said, "Yvonne had been working for Christopher for years and probably went to Meridan multiple times to meet up with the Boss, who's actually Grant. "Grant refused to see anyone besides Christopher. But after all those encounters, some signs would inevitably be left behind. Yvonne likely figured out that Grant is the Boss, and Grant probably recognized Yvonne despite her changed appearance from plastic surgery."
Justin's expression darkened as he said, "So, to get rid of any risks, he decided to silence her and wipe out all evidence."
Bella's eyes glistened with tears as she spoke, "But we've already seen through his facade and the shady things he's done. Why would he still go after Yvonne?"
Justin's expression grew cold. "Because Drew cares deeply for Yvonne. She has become part of the Thompson family, like one of your own."
Bella froze in shock.
"He doesn't only want to silence her. He wants to use her as leverage against you and Drew." Justin, who had not smiled in a long time, suddenly let out a bitter laugh, his anger boiling
over.
"This is exactly like my elder brother. Back then, he played the hero card to guilt-trip me for over 20 years. Now, he's trying to exploit someone else's vulnerability all over again. After all, it's a trick that has always worked for him."
Bella grew anxious and clutched his hands. "But... Do you think she will be alive? If Yvonne is valuable to them, maybe they wouldn't hurt her!"
Her tiny hands were cold yet so soft. Justin instinctively squeezed her hands, holding them firmly.
Suddenly, a phone rang and ruined the tension.
Bella picked it up and looked at the screen. Her heart immediately sank.
"Who's on the line?" Justin asked, his gaze locked onto her.
"It's Drew..." Bella's voice cracked, tears about to roll down her cheeks.
Justin looked away and said, "Answer it. This isn't something that can be hidden. You know that better than I do."
Bella rubbed her eyes, her hands trembling as she answered the call. "Drew..."
"Bella! Why did Yvonne drive out alone in the middle of the night? I've been trying to reach her, but her phone can't be reached. Can you get in touch with her?!"
Drew was usually calm and composed, even in the face of disaster. But now he sounded furious and worried that he could not reach Yvonne.
"Drew, how did you know she went out?"
"I installed a tracking device in her car. If she leaves Hatchbay, I get a notification immediately!" Drew sounded more anxious. "I saw her car heading toward Savrow, in the direction of the mountains. Why would she go there?!"
"The mountains?' The couple exchanged a look, speaking in unison, "Pivotage?!"
After Yvonne was knocked unconscious, she was carried to a car by two men and brought away.
Clarice hopped into her luxury sedan, the warm air blasting as she settled in.
"Ugh, gross! What rotten luck!" Clarice scowled as she wiped the blood off her fingers with disinfectant wipes.
The winter night felt like it would never end.
The luxury car cruised through the thick darkness for a while when, all of a sudden, the driver slammed on the brakes and the car jolted violently.
"Ah-!" Clarice yelled in surprise, her body lurching forward.
The impact of her forehead hitting the seat in front of her caused a stinging sensation in her nose and brought tears to her eyes.
"Do you want to die?!" Clarice shouted furiously.
The driver stammered, "S-sorry, sorry, Ms. Amaryllis!"
"What happened?!"
"T-There's a car in front blocking us!"
Clarice rubbed her nose and looked out the windshield. Her expression immediately froze.
Under the blinding brightness of the headlights, Jace stepped out of his car.
His face was set in a stern expression as he made his way toward the front of her car.
###chapter2423

Chapter 2423
Clarice's gaze was sharp and sinister as she fixed her eyes on Jace, who was standing at the front of the car.
She wanted nothing more than to step on the accelerator and run him down, crushing this wretched man to death. But Jace was the Boss's trusted right-hand man, so she could not afford to act recklessly.
Clarice wrapped her white fur coat tightly around herself, slowly stepped out of the car, and slowly approached Jace.
Their gazes locked, creating a tense, turbulent confrontation.
"Jace, don't you have something to explain to me?" Clarice broke the silence with a frosty
tone.
Jace's pale lips opened stiffly. "That woman, where did you take her?"
"How dare you question me?" Clarice sneered, her anger flaring up. "If the Boss hadn't had the foresight to have me cover for you tonight, Yvonne would've long escaped!"
Clarice gritted her teeth and took a step closer. "Is this how you're handling the task our boss put you in charge of? Aren't you the one who takes out anyone who gets in your way, no matter who they are? Yet you couldn't even deal with a little nobody? Or... Did you let her go on purpose? Are you thinking of betraying the Boss?"
Jace clenched his fists, the sound of his leather gloves crunching echoing in the night air. His jaw tightened, sharp as a freshly sharpened blade.
The word "betraying" felt like a heavyweight, one he had never even considered.
As soon as Clarice uttered those words, it was as if a raging storm had erupted within his stoic demeanor, shaking him to his core.
Clarice stood on tiptoes and reached to grab his collar.
At the last moment, Jace stepped back, causing her to lose her balance and stumble awkwardly.
Enraged, she unleashed a furious outburst.
"Jace, I'm warning you. Don't you dare get any funny ideas! Your pathetic life belongs to the Boss! If it wasn't for his generosity, you would have died on the beach long ago, rotting away at the bottom of the ocean. You'd better stay loyal and obedient like the dog you are!
"If you dare to step out of line, I'll make sure the Boss knows about it. Trust me, your fate will be far worse than getting tossed to the sharks!"
"Ah!"
As soon as Clarice finished her tirade, a sudden jolt of pain shot through her nose. She felt disoriented, spinning around before collapsing to the ground.
"Who are you calling a dog?" Jace glared coldly at the woman sprawled helplessly on the ground.
His fists, as unyielding as iron, remained tightly clenched as he sneered, "If I'm a dog, then what does that make you? A donkey who does nothing but make a ruckus?"
Clarice cried out, clutching her nose as blood gushed out. "How dare you hit me?! How dare you punch a woman?!"
Tears streamed down her face, which was the product of countless costly cosmetic procedures—a meticulous effort to transform herself at great expense.
Maintaining her appearance cost her hundreds of thousands of dollars monthly.
The punch not only left her nose crooked but seemed to have given her a minor concussion as well. The pain was unbearable!
"You should be grateful you belong to the Boss," Jace said coldly. "Otherwise, those words you just said would've been your last."
A chill ran down Clarice's spine. For a moment, she even forgot to cry.
This man always delivered the most ruthless words in the calmest tone.
Realizing he could not get any information out of Clarice, Jace turned to leave. But just as he stepped away, he stopped and glanced back. "What did you say earlier?"
Clarice, still holding her bleeding nose, seemed disoriented. "W-What?"
"You mentioned earlier that the Boss saved me at the beach?" Jace's dark eyes narrowed, a rare flicker of curiosity appearing.
It was a stark contrast to his usual disinterest. For once, he felt an intense desire to learn the truth about his past.
"Why was I at the beach? Why was I in the ocean?"
Clarice's heart was racing. She recalled Grant's strict orders to never reveal even a sliver of Jace's past to him.
In her anger, she had inadvertently let a small detail slip out.
But she assured herself that revealing just a tiny piece of information could not possibly do any harm. At least, that was the excuse she told herself to stay calm.
###chapter2424

Chapter 2424
Jace glared at her for a moment, then turned and left.
"Ms. Amaryllis, are you all right?!"
Her subordinates rushed forward to help her.
"You useless thing! Why didn't you stop him when he attacked me?!" Clarice shouted, her fury erupting as she looked at the blood dripping on the snow.
The subordinate trembled and said, "J-Jace was too fast. Who doesn't know about his skills? No one could have stopped him!"
"Something was wrong with Jace tonight..." Clarice looked at Jace's tall and cold back.
She muttered, "I must report this to the Boss immediately!"
Back in his car, Jace gripped the steering wheel tightly but he did not start the engine.
He closed his eyes, and a suffocating sensation swept over him like he was drowning. He felt as if he were drifting in the ocean.
Then, a searing pain split through his head.
His temples throbbed as though they were about to burst, and he felt like he was losing control of his limb.
Jace panted heavily, his trembling hand clutching the necklace around his chest. Inside it was the medicine that could save his life.
Whenever he took the medicine, his emotions would stabilize, and all his pain would vanish. Grinding his teeth, Jace ripped the necklace from his neck and hurled it out the car window. At that moment, his headache curiously subsided.
A faint, unfamiliar sense of freedom washed over him as though he broke free from his shackles.
It was 5:00 a.m. and the sky was still dark.
The entrance of Pivotage was surrounded by a convoy of black cars.
Bella and Justin stepped out of the car. Just then, a chilly gust of wind blew by Bella, causing her to shiver uncontrollably.
Justin recalled how much Bella disliked the cold. During winter, she would snuggle up to him to stay warm and grasp his hand like a personal radiator whenever they went out.
"Bella," Justin suddenly called out.
She turned and felt something heavy on her shoulders. It was his coat.
Justin stared into her eyes and said, "It's cold. Wear this."
Bella felt an ache in her chest. She hurriedly tried to take it off. "It's fine."
"Keep it on. You dislike the cold." Justin pressed his large hand firmly on her shoulder.
Her throat tightened. "You remember?"
He pressed his lips together but remained silent. Without another word, he walked toward Ryan, who was approaching them.
Bella stood frozen, her eyes red, gripping the lapels of his coat tightly.
"Hasn't Pivotage been sealed off? Why would Yvonne come here in the middle of the night?" Ryan frowned.
Out of breath, Ian rushed over and reported, "Mr. Salvador! We've located Ms. Smith's car parked nearby!"
Justin said, "She was probably here to investigate something. After all, she lived here for a long time. Apart from Christopher, she knows Pivotage better than anyone else."
"Drew is already on his way to Savrow!"
Bella walked over and scanned the ominous surroundings anxiously. "Search the area around Pivotage first. If Yvonne ran into trouble here, there would definitely be clues left behind!"
Justin met her gaze and nodded.
Ryan waved to his team. "Didn't you hear Ms. Thompson? Search every inch! Whoever finds a clue will be rewarded!"
###chapter2425

Chapter 2425
"Yes, Chairman Hoffman!"
The men quickly dispersed in all directions.
"I'll go too!"
Bella turned to leave, but Justin grabbed her arm. "It's too cold. Wait in the car."
Ryan chimed in, "Bella, listen to him. Wait in the car. We'll handle the search."
"No... I have to go with you!" Bella sniffled, her nose red from the cold.
The cold wind stung her eyes, leaving them swollen and teary. "This is my fault. I was careless; I was negligent. If something happens to Yvonne... I'm responsible for it! It's all my fault!"
"Bella," Ryan said, his heart heavy as he witnessed Bella's overwhelming guilt.
Justin stared at her pale face, his dark eyes rippling with subtle emotion. "It's not your fault."
Tears welled in Bella's eyes as she shook her head. "Yvonne is everything to my brother. If anything happens to her, I will never be able to face him. I don't deserve to be his sister. I have to go with you to find her."
Unable to dissuade her, they had no choice but to let her come along.
All bundled up against the biting wind, Bella marched on ahead while the two men trailed close behind.
"Geez, she's so stubborn and tough, but she's still a young girl. Push her too far and she'll snap."
Ryan sighed, glancing at Justin walking next to him. "Bella has been through too much. She protects her family, runs a massive corporation, and still has to clean up messes for certain ungrateful men."
Justin's expression was cold and stern. "I've never asked her to do any of this. We're nothing to each other now. She doesn't need to do anything for me."
Ryan couldn't help but lash out. "Damn it, Justin! Do you even hear yourself? Did that illness make you even more heartless than before?"
Ryan could not hold back, throwing a punch at Justin's shoulder.
Justin continued walking in silence, a heavy weight pressing on his chest.
After a long pause, he asked softly, "Ryan, you mentioned before that you used a special ointment to treat scars on Carrie. It worked well, didn't it?"
Ryan raised a brow. "Yeah, why?"
"Do you have any left? I need a bottle."
Meanwhile, Clarice did not bother to deal with her swollen, bruised nose from Jace's punch.
She simply covered it with some gauze and hurried to Tideview Manor to meet Grant.
The study was shrouded in darkness, with not a single light on.
Yet, the pale moonlight filtering through the window cast a silvery glow around the man, adding an eerie chill to the atmosphere.
"Sir, Jace has really been out of line lately! He is becoming more and more uncontrollable." Clarice wasted no time complaining, her eyes welling up with tears. "He hit me, but that's nothing compared to the real problem. He openly disobeyed you!
"With his skills, not even Justin could be his match. But somehow, he failed to deal with Yvonne... How is that possible?! If I hadn't rushed over in time to capture that woman and eliminate your greatest concern, she would've raised her guard once she returned. Catching her again would've been impossible!"
Grant's pale, elegant face blended into the shadows. He listened without a word.
"Sir, Jace has been acting so strangely lately. Could it be that the drug is losing its effect?"
"Open the box on the coffee table." Grant finally spoke, his voice low and chilling, cutting through the silence like a blade.
Despite her pain, Clarice walked over and opened the box.
Inside was a dark blue pill, its color even deeper than the ones Clarice had given to Justin before.
"This is..."
"This is the latest formula of Crystal Ice. It's five times stronger than the previous version. With only one of these, no matter how strong one's willpower is, they will succumb to addiction."
His voice grew softer, almost playful, as he continued, "Take it and give it to Jace. Make sure to watch him swallow the drug with your own eyes."
###chapter2426

Chapter 2426
"Are... Are you sure there won't be any issues from increasing the dosage by five folds?" Clarice picked up the pill, feeling a tinge of unease.
Although she despised Jace, she had to admit he was exceptionally skilled and capable.
Especially with the shortage of capable help, having him around would undoubtedly yield twice the results with half the effort. So, she couldn't help but ask further.
"It won't kill him, but it won't feel good either. Still, the effects are only temporary."
Grant's gentle face twisted into a cold and cruel smile. He spoke with a lazy tone, "At first, his adrenaline will surge wildly after taking it. He'll experience extreme mental exhilaration, and every muscle in his body will tighten. It will be both painful and pleasurable. Then, it will gradually calm down, but after that, he will never be able to live without this substance."
Clarice understood Grant's intention immediately. He intended to control Jace completely through addiction.
"Jace isn't truly on our side. He's only serving me now because he lost his memories due to his severe injuries and the sedative drugs that temporarily suppressed his nervous system." Grant's gaze turned abyssal. "But those who sleep will eventually awaken. Tonight, when he suddenly lashed out at you, it might be a sign of that awakening. To prevent any unexpected outcomes, the most effective method is to make him utterly dependent on this addiction, don't you agree?"
A chill surged through Clarice's heart.
She had been deeply involved in Grant's business ventures, even participating in the development of new drugs at RC Biotech Research Center. She knew all too well what would happen to someone after taking these drugs-they would become slaves to their impulses.
"Sir, what if Jace has a strong adverse reaction to the drug and becomes unusable? What then?"
"Useless people are nothing but trash. Trash should be disposed of accordingly," Grant replied with a wave of his hand, signaling her to leave.
At that moment, Clarice felt a chill run up her spine.
It was a pity that she did not understand that she was on the same boat as Jace until her dying breath.
As flamboyant as ever, Ryan tore down the police seals and ordered his men to forcefully break into the building to search, declaring he would take full responsibility for any consequences.
But in the end, they did not manage to find anything.
At daybreak, the group searched the entire mountain.
After days of relentless searching, Bella was clearly exhausted. Yet she stubbornly walked ahead of Justin and Ryan, quietly shedding tears as she walked.
Bella recalled how Drew had hung up without a word after learning Yvonne was missing.
She knew that only extreme emotions could make him act so decisively. He probably feared that saying one more word might scare or hurt her.
No one knew how long they had been searching when Ian suddenly shouted, "Mr. Salvador! Ms. Thompson! Look, there's blood!"
Everyone rushed forward, finding droplets of blood trailing off into the distance.
"Use this point as the center and spread out!" Justin commanded. Upon his command, the group dispersed swiftly like a well-trained military unit.
Bella tried to follow but was pulled back by Justin. "You're too exhausted. Take a break."
"I don't need " Bella resisted, tugging her wrist free.
"Come here." This time, Justin didn't allow her to be stubborn. He yanked her into his arms and wrapped his arm firmly around her waist, holding her in place.
Ryan glanced at the interlocked figures of the two, and a subtle smile crept into his eyes.
He still cared for her. No matter how stubborn his words were, his actions spoke the truth.
Bella slumped against Justin's broad chest, her head drooping. Her thin shoulders trembled slightly, resembling a child who had made a grave mistake.
"Still crying? You never stop, do you?" Justin frowned faintly at the sound of her soft sobs, his voice low and rough. "Bella, I always thought you were strong."
"I never was... I've been pretending all along..." Bella's tears clung to her lashes, freezing into tiny crystals before falling. "I've never truly been strong, not for a single moment..." An inexplicable heaviness weighed on his heart when he heard her words.
###chapter2427

Chapter 2427
Justin wanted to say something to comfort her but didn't know where to begin, so he remained silent.
"Did I let you down?" Bella sniffled, rubbing her nose red, forcing a bitter smile.
"No."
Perhaps he had asked too much of her. She was just a young woman-smart, capable, resourceful, and brave enough to stand against such depravity. She was already so strong and perfect. What right did he have to demand more resilience from her?
Yet, seeing her so meek and vulnerable made him squirm with discomfort.
"We've found it! We've recovered Ms. Smith's phone!"
With so many people performing the search in the morning light, it did not take long to locate Yvonne's blood-stained phone.
"Yvonne..." Bella's fear peaked at the sight of the blood; her heart was filled with dread. Thankfully, Justin remained calm. He tried to switch the phone back on and it worked! "What's the password?" Justin asked, his voice steady and gentle as he looked at the tearful Bella.
She took the phone with trembling hands and entered Drew's birthday. The screen unlocked effortlessly.
In the photo gallery, there were several images of documents. Fearing any mishap, Yvonne had saved backups on her phone.
As Justin and Bella carefully examined the files, he subconsciously leaned in, their heads almost touching.
Since they were both fluent in French, it made the task seamless.
Intrigued, Ryan joined in. But his French had been woefully lacking since childhood, so he stood there cluelessly.
"RC Biotech Research Center is the culprit behind those human drug experiments! The drug had originated from RC Biotech!" Bella's eyes burned with determination as she met Justin's intense gaze.
"Yes. This must be the information Yvonne retrieved from Pivotage. Christopher left it there before he could take it with him."
"Does that mean Yvonne was targeted and hunted down because she had this information?" Ryan asked urgently.
Bella tightened her grip on the phone, her sharp gaze narrowing further. "Since this file was found at Pivotage, it confirms that RC Biotech Research Center's point of contact in the country was Christopher.
"RC Biotech likely sent this experimental report to him, and he kept it as leverage, just in case. Who else would want this information now that Christopher and his faction are gone?" A heavy and oppressive silence fell over the group.
All signs were now pointed to Grant and Clarice. Aside from them, no one else would be worried about Yvonne.
Justin's expression remained calm, but the sudden surge of crimson rage in his eyes betrayed his fury.
"Bastards! Absolute scum!" Ryan clenched his fists, his voice shaking with rage.
"But there's one thing I don't understand..." Bella took a deep breath, trying to maintain her composure. "Why did Yvonne call me at such a critical moment? With her personality, even if she were to die the next second, she would face it alone, without dragging anyone else into it."
Justin stared deeply at her, his voice rough. "Yes, in that way, you're very much alike." Bella's heart trembled at his words but continued, "So, if she called me at such a life-or- death moment, she must have had something to tell me, to warn me about."
But no matter how hard she thought, her head throbbed, and she could not figure it out.
"Let's go home. Rest and take care of yourself." Justin's voice carried concern as he watched her pained expression. "I'll contact Drew. We used to be classmates and have a decent relationship. If I talk to him, he might listen."
Ryan shook his head in disbelief. Justin's confidence in his persuasive abilities was laughable.
With his sharp tongue, he was more likely to drive someone to despair than offer comfort.
Eventually, Justin and Ryan escorted the utterly exhausted Bella to the car, while Ian drove her back to her home in Hatchbay.
"Justin, do you think this matter-"
Before Ryan could finish, a loud crash interrupted him, making him flinch.
Justin's bloodshot eyes were filled with violence as he slammed his fist into the car window, shattering the glass.
The anger he had suppressed throughout the ordeal erupted now that Bella was out of sight, revealing itself fully before his closest friend.
"I won't let him go," Justin said, his voice trembling with fury.
"Who?"
"Grant. And that bitch he keeps by his side."
###chapter2428

Chapter 2428
When Drew received the news, he had just returned to the city where his organization was based. He did not even report to work yet.
Instead, he caught the earliest red-eye flight back to Savrow.
The moment he stepped out of the airport terminal, a row of black luxury sedans awaited him at the entrance.
Justin and lan stood in front of the lead car, having waited for some time. The cold, biting wind of the winter night blew by, tousling their hair.
Their gazes locked and the oppressive atmosphere was thick with hostility.
Drew had a crazed, murderous look on his face.
"Drew, get in. We need to talk," Justin said in a low voice, his gaze steady and intense.
Drew's once clear and sharp eyes were now bloodshot. "I'm going to find my wife."
"That's exactly why I'm here. Get in. Let's talk," Justin turned, his voice carrying an unshakable weight. "You won't find her by rushing in blindly. You know that, right?"
Drew clenched his teeth so hard his gums bled, struggling to contain the fury burning in his chest. Reluctantly, he followed Justin into the car.
The interior was dim and oppressively silent.
Yvonne might not have been directly connected to Justin, but the memory of the girl who had once fought beside them, coupled with the image of Bella's tear-streaked face, left a heavy weight on his heart.
"Bella and I went to the site where Yvonne disappeared and found traces of blood."
Before Justin could finish, Drew erupted in fury, slamming his fists against the car window. His whole body trembled uncontrollably, veins bulging on his forehead as sweat glistened and rolled down his temple.
"Drew, calm down," Justin said firmly, gripping Drew's swollen and bloodied fists.
"Did you find out who did it?" Drew's voice was hoarse, his blood boiling as though it might burst from his veins.
Justin hesitated briefly-only a few seconds, but it felt excruciatingly long.
"Yvonne discovered a critical piece of evidence at Pivotage. They were documents regarding that horrifying human drug experiment in Savrow. When she left the place, she was ambushed in the mountains.
"Bella and I found her phone at the site. Since Yvonne had worked near Christopher and indirectly interacted with Grant and Clarice, we suspect that those who captured her are likely connected to Grant."
The car's heater was on full blast, yet the atmosphere inside felt as frigid as the depths of winter. Invisible waves of tension roiled in the shadows.
"I'll kill them-both of them." Drew turned his bloodshot eyes toward Justin, his voice like a blade scraping through stone. "Do you have a problem with that?"
"No." Justin met his gaze directly, enunciating each word. "But I'll stop you."
"Bullshit!" Drew snarled, jerking his hand away violently. "Justin, are you practicing your useless rhetoric on me? Do you think I'm joking? My wife is missing!
"If it were Bella, would you be able to sit here, acting so calm and detached?!"
Justin's expression was as cold and still as a frozen lake, his emotions unreadable.
Drew's bitter laughter was tinged with anguish. "I'm such an idiot. I forgot-you don't love her anymore. To you, Bella's just a pebble tossed into the ocean, incapable of stirring even the slightest ripple now."
Pain filled Drew's eyes as he sneered, his lips twisting into a mocking smile. "You don't understand love anymore. So, how could you possibly understand how I feel?"
Justin's throat bobbed, his Adam's apple quivering as he struggled to speak. His voice came out raspy, like burning embers.
"I'm not stopping you because Grant is my brother or because I don't care about your pain. But if I let you go after him, your hands will be stained with blood. From that moment on, you'll be burdened by a life taken a fugitive forever, living a life on the run."
He continued, "I remember you once told me that you dreamed of a peaceful life, and that Yvonne wanted to live in the light."
'Live in the light.' Drew's bloodshot eyes widened slightly before he lowered his gaze, his heart torn apart by an overwhelming tangle of emotions.
"You can ignore everything else, but you can't ignore the person you love the most," Justin said, his voice filled with a rare, unspoken pain.
"What if Yvonne-"
###chapter2429

Chapter 2429
"No." Justin's response was resolute.
"Given Grant's methods, he won't harm Yvonne for now because she's still useful to him. He'll exploit her to the fullest, using her to manipulate you, restrain Bella, and force my hand."
"Justin, I need to save my wife. Tell me-what should I do?!" Drew grabbed Justin's arm, his bloodshot eyes were brimming with desperation.
Justin's breath grew heavy. "Even if we kill Grant, it cannot be by your hand. I'll do it."
"Are you kidding me? If we're taking that bastard down, we're doing it together!" Drew's striking features were fearless, his voice filled with unyielding determination. "Once a
classmate, always a comrade. We fight side by side!"
"Grant is my brother. The affairs of the Salvador family should end with me. Besides, I'm not just doing this for you-I have my own reasons." Justin fell silent for a moment before speaking again, his voice calm.
"I also came tonight for another reason. I hope you won't blame your sister. She's been consumed by guilt these past two days, unable to forgive herself. She cared deeply for Yvonne."
"Ha... What do you take me for?" Drew let out a sharp exhale, his voice tinged with pain. " That's Bella-my sister, the one I've protected with my life. How could I ever blame her?" The thought of Bella's sobbing voice made his throat tighten. Drew swallowed hard to keep the tears at bay. "You talk about me-but what about you? If you have blood on your hands, what happens to my sister? I can't do it, and neither can you!"
Justin cast him a faint glance. "What does it matter?"
"Damn it, are you really that clueless, or are you just pretending? Bella is still hopelessly in love with you! Even if you lose your mind, become paralyzed, or can't even get it up, she deserves an answer from you!"
"Your sister is an exceptional woman." Justin's deep, starlit eyes held a trace of suppressed emotion as he gazed at the desolate night beyond the window. "In every way, she deserves someone better than me."
*
It was dark, damp, suffocating, and filthy.
In her unconscious state, Yvonne was trapped in a relentless nightmare, reliving the agonizing tortures that Christopher inflicted on her.
In her dreams, she was back in Pivotage's filthy, depraved underground chamber, curled up in a corner, her body battered and exposed.
The door opened, and she saw Drew's resolute figure stepping toward her.
"Drew..." Yvonne lifted her tear-streaked face to him.
Yet, his face remained shrouded, obscured from view.
"Do you regret it? Regret grabbing Christopher's hand back then just to survive?" His gaze was cold, devoid of emotion.
Yvonne wept uncontrollably, her sobs racking her fragile frame.
She regretted it. She regretted it deeply.
If she could do it all over again, she would rather freeze to death on the streets than accept Christopher's so-called salvation.
"Ms. Amaryllis, do you think she's dead?" A voice broke through the haze.
"Dead? In this place, even death is a luxury. It's not that easy to die."
Suddenly, Yvonne's bloodshot eyes snapped open. Her body convulsed violently, her expression consumed by terror as every nerve in her body screamed in agony.
"She's awake!"
Clarice calmly removed the taser from Yvonne's body, her lips curling into a sinister smile. The lingering effects of the electric shock left Yvonne's pale lips half-open, her gaze vacant.
Even as she lay on the bed, her body twitched involuntarily.
Despite her shattered consciousness, she forced herself to take in her surroundings.
Gray, grimy walls surrounded her. The room was dim, cold, and stark.
It resembled both a hospital and a prison.
"059. From now on, that's your name."
Dressed in a white lab coat, Clarice stood by the window, flanked by two medical staff. She bent down slightly, her face inches from Yvonne's pale face, her chilling smile dripping with malice.
"Welcome to my domain-hell on earth."
###chapter2430

Chapter 2430
Yvonne thought, 'Hell? This place looked like nothing more than an outdated hospital. Why did Clarice call it hell on earth?'
Yvonne's whole body was twitching uncontrollably as her mind teetered between clarity and confusion.
Some fragmented memories surfaced. She recalled a night when Pivotage had closed for the day, and she had shared drinks in the wine cellar with Taylor.
She had not wanted to associate with him, but she had approached him solely to gather more information.
Taylor had told her that the Boss was involved in the pharmaceutical business and had significant influence in Meridan, where he had formed ties with local government officials and powerful elites. His business was thriving.
Since drug research required clinical trials, the Boss owned a private hospital in Meridan. But that hospital was nothing more than a facade.
In the basement floors, the patients lying on the beds were all test subjects for drug experiments.
Yvonne shivered at the thought. The scenes Taylor had described felt eerily similar to her current surroundings.
Could this be the place where Grant and Clarice conducted their drug research experiments? "Heh... Hell on earth? Do you think... I'd be afraid?" Yvonne struggled to breathe, her gaze fixed on Clarice's twisted, malicious face.
Her resolve hardened. She would go down fighting. "The years I spent by Christopher's side ...Every day was hell... Death? I'm not afraid to die."
"You want to die? You will be begging for it!" Clarice's eyes burned with fury as she grabbed Yvonne's jaw with force. "Listen to me, you worthless wench. In this place, I am God. I decide everything.
"If I'm in a good mood, I might show you a shred of mercy. If not, I'll make sure you will experience a living hell."
Seeing the unwavering calm in Yvonne's eyes, Clarice grew even angrier. She slapped Yvonne hard across the face.
"Christopher? He's nothing but a lackey that the Boss raised. As for you? You're just a pet he kept-a plaything for whoever wanted you.
"Just because you've gotten close to the Thompson family and got together with Drew, do you think you've become someone special? Drew doesn't know the way you groveled for men or sold yourself. If he ever saw that, he'd be disgusted by you!"
Yvonne's long lashes trembled. Tears of anguish spilled silently down her cheeks.
She had always thought of this herself. But hearing it from Clarice's mouth made it unbearably cruel.
"You're not leaving this place alive anyway, so it doesn't hurt to tell you."
Clarice traced Yvonne's delicate face with a chilling touch. Her voice dripped with malice. "I killed Christopher."
Yvonne's eyes widened.
"The lives I've taken won't stop with Christopher. So don't cross me. I'm capable of anything,"
With that, Clarice turned on her heel, striding away with the air of a victor. Two medical staff followed her out of the room.
The heavy iron door slammed shut behind them and locked with a metallic click.
Yvonne lay on her back, utterly immobilized except for her eyes. Her gaze drifted to the faint green glow of a surveillance camera in the top left corner of the room.
In her heart, she prayed, not for someone to rescue her, but for Bella and Drew to find her lost phone.
That way, they could uncover the evidence she had buried under the tree to bring down the dark empire Grant had built.
Late at night, Clarice stepped out of the last hospital room after collecting the latest experimental data.
In the dim corridor, Jace's towering figure loomed like a shadow, exuding an oppressive presence.
Clarice smirked coldly and approached him.
"That woman is locked up here. She'll become one of the many test subjects. At least her life will have some value now."
Hidden in the gloom, Jace's eyes narrowed slightly. A bone-chilling cold radiated from his gaze. It was as though a caged beast lay within, waiting for the moment to break free.
"You failed to complete the task that our boss gave you. But he's magnanimous. Out of respect for your past loyalty, he hasn't punished you."
Clarice pulled a small plastic vial from her lab coat pocket containing a blue pill. It was the medicine Grant had given her.
She held it out to Jace, her tone indifferent.
"The Boss calculated that you must be running low on your medication. He asked me to bring this for you. Its effects are stronger than what you've been using. Take it, and your headaches will ease significantly."
Jace glanced at the bottle.
After a few moments of hesitation, he reached out and took it from her hands.
###chapter2431

Chapter 2431
"If my condition acts up, I'll take the pill." Jace stared at the pill in his palm with a cold expression, his gaze blank and distant.
"The Boss instructed me to make sure you take it," Clarice replied, her smile sharp and mocking.
Jace's brows furrowed as a chill ran through him. "Why?"
"It's the Boss's order. Why bother asking?" Clarice's eyes gleamed with malice. Her smirk was wicked. "What's the matter? Are you afraid the Boss wants to harm you? Have you lost faith in him?"
Jace's breath caught in his throat. "No."
"Jace, you swore an oath to the Boss. Don't you remember that you promised to serve him loyally for life no matter what happens?" Clarice raised her chin, her voice cold and disdainful.
"Even if he handed you poison, you should just swallow it without a second thought. Isn't that what you pledged to? So why are you hesitating now? Don't disappoint him, Jace." The overwhelming pressure grew unbearable.
Jace felt as if the cold barrel of a gun were pressed against his back, forcing him closer to the edge of a cliff. One more step, and he would plummet into a bottomless abyss, shattering on the rocks below.
His jaw tightened as he opened the pill bottle.
Under Clarice's sharp gaze, he took a pill and swallowed it.
"Good. Always remember that you belong to the Boss. Never forget where your loyalty lies." With that, Clarice chuckled mockingly, her posture haughty as she turned and walked away. Jace kept a neutral expression as he moved forward.
Though everything seemed normal, his pace hastened.
Once out of the surveillance cameras' sight, he took off in a sprint. Hurrying into the restroom, he locked the door and knelt by the toilet. His bloodshot eyes widened as he thrust his fingers deep into his throat.
"Urgh-!"
Jace's broad back arched in pain as his body convulsed violently. With a guttural retch, the blue pill tumbled out of his throat and fell into the toilet bowl.
His entire body trembled, his face streaked with cold, sticky saliva. Jace looked utterly disheveled. Bloodshot eyes betrayed a depth of exhaustion and torment never seen before. But then, he smiled.
For the first time in years, he smiled-a genuine, heartfelt smile.
Unbeknownst to him, at that moment, his smile bore an uncanny resemblance to the strikingly handsome gentleman in the Thompson family portrait hanging in the grand hall of Yara Park.
As night fell, Grant welcomed his prominent guests at Savrow's most exclusive club in its most luxurious private room.
He swirled a glass of rare, expensive wine that had been acquired at auction.
Surrounding him were Savrow's high-society elite, including Theodore, the councilman overseeing the A5 project bid.
"Mr. Salvador-no, I should call you President Salvador now," Theodore slurred, sounding tipsy but still cheerful. Raising his glass, he continued, "You're far better than your younger brother, who's impossible to deal with. He's so stubborn and inflexible. I had the misfortune of crossing paths with him before I became a councilman and the impression he left is still fresh in my memories."
He chuckled, taking a sip before adding, "Back then, I knew he wouldn't last as the president of Salvador Corporation. Looks like justice prevailed after all!"
Someone chimed in, "Not justice; what doesn't belong to him can't be kept!"
"Exactly! The Salvador Corporation belongs to Young Master Grant. How could anyone think otherwise? Justin thought being president made him the heir to the Salvador legacy. What a joke!"
As the mockery continued, Grant remained composed.
Instead of raising a wine glass, he sipped from a teacup, his refined demeanor standing out against the rowdy atmosphere.
"I'll toast with tea," Grant said smoothly. "Mr. Savoy, I hope you wouldn't mind."
"Of course not! President Salvador, you and I should collaborate more often!" Theodore, who was usually very nitpicky with social hierarchies, waved it off with a hearty laugh. Grant's tone was calm, though a glint of calculation flickered in his eyes. "Then Mr. Savoy, I'll count on you for the A5 project."
The revelry carried on late into the night. Theodore eventually excused himself and left, unable to keep up due to his age.
Suddenly, the private room door burst open with a loud bang. Grant's secretary stumbled in, panic etched on his face.
"What are you doing?" Clarice snapped.
Dressed in a high-slit red dress, Clarice jumped up from where she had been serving tea at Grant's feet and shouted angrily at the secretary, "Can't you see President Salvador has guests? Get out of here!"
Grant remained calm, his voice steady. "What's the matter? Speak."
"A man in a black trench coat barged into the club!" the secretary stammered. "He's taken
out all our men and injured them badly! He's like some kind of demon!"
Clarice frowned, puzzled. "A black trench coat?"
Before she could finish, a piercing scream rang out, shattering the tense silence.
A stray bullet whizzed through the air, striking the secretary in the leg.
He collapsed with a cry as the room erupted into chaos.
Clarice froze in fear, stumbling backward in a daze.
Grant's hand trembled slightly as he held his teacup. Veins bulged on the back of his hand,
and his expression darkened.
Beneath his calm exterior, a savage, feral energy seemed ready to explode.
Then, a tall, imposing figure entered the room, moving with deliberate pace.
The lavish space, once filled with elites, now felt like a somber, deserted graveyard.
The man came alone, yet he exuded the overwhelming presence of a predator.
He wore a black mask, and his dark bangs swept across his forehead. His piercing eyes, sharp as daggers, remained fixed on Grant as he approached.
###chapter2432

Chapter 2432
"Sir! Ah-!" Just as Clarice was about to rush to Grant's aid, two loud gunshots suddenly went off right at her feet. The startling explosions made her shriek in alarm and dive under the table, clutching her head like a frightened dog.
Murderous intent filled the air, stifling and unavoidable.
Grant had long considered himself the king of the shadows. He had endured countless challenges, each more treacherous than the last.
Yet, an uncontrollable sense of dread seized Grant's heart as this man approached. His fingers clutched the sofa's armrest as the fear of impending death washed over him.
"All of you. Get out!" The man's voice was cold, his gaze locked solely on Grant.
The guests scrambled to their feet in a panic, fleeing like terrified animals.
"Help! Somebody!" Still crouching under the coffee table, Clarice cried out desperately for help, but no one came.
Everyone who could have responded lay injured outside, barely alive.
Suddenly, the man raised his arm and fired again, shattering the coffee table into a cascade of glass shards that rained down on Clarice, slicing her face, legs, and arms and leaving a trail of gruesome, bloody cuts.
Pain shot through her body like lightning. Her scalp prickled and her limbs quivered violently.
She was on the brink of losing it, frozen stiff with fear. One wrong move and this terrifying man would surely end her.
The man approached Grant.
Grant's eyes darted about as he recoiled instinctively, only to get brutally kicked in the chest, sending him and the sofa skidding back several meters.
"Ugh!" Grant's face went pale as he clutched his chest, coughing uncontrollably.
In an instant, the man's gun was pressed against Grant's head.
At this close range, Grant finally recognized him, though he had known it was him all along. "Young Master Drew..." Grant said.
"There is no 'Young Master Drew' here," the man replied steadily, his grip on the gun unflinching. He pulled off his black mask, revealing his face as he stared down Grant without a hint of fear.
"I'm just a crazy guy looking for his missing wife." Drew's voice was low, each word was filled with murderous intent. "You crippled bastard, hand her over! Give me back my wife."
Clarice trembled uncontrollably as she listened, her heart pounding so hard it felt like it might burst.
He had tracked them down.
Her mind spun in terror as she realized their dealings with Justin and Bella were no longer secret. They had been exposed.
If Drew found out what they had done to his wife-how they had tormented her what unimaginable revenge would he bring down on them?
The thought of it sent shivers down her spine. Clarice clamped her hands over her face, shivering.
"I don't know what you're talking about," Grant responded with a strange, chilling smile. His dark eyes glimmered like the abyss.
"You crippled bastard, stop pretending!" Drew spat, the gun unwavering as it stayed aimed between Grant's brows. His eyes were gleamed coldly. "I'll ask you one more time, where is Yvonne?"
"I don't know." The moment the words left Grant's mouth, the deafening roar of a gunshot filled the room, so loud it almost ruptured his eardrums.
Grant let out a deafening cry as the bullet ripped through him. He felt the pain burning through him like wildfire. His body convulsed as he clutched his mangled ear, blood gushing out.
Clarice was paralyzed with terror, unable to even scream.
The blood dripped steadily, creating a growing crimson pool on the floor.
Grant stared at Drew with bloodshot eyes and slowly lowered his hand to see pieces of his mangled earlobes. The gruesome sight filled him with rage and humiliation, eclipsing even the painful memories of his past traumas.
His usual gentle face was nowhere to be seen, replaced with a mask of pain and anger.
"Sir... Sir..." Clarice's muffled voice was barely audible as she addressed him. Her once confident boss looked wretched. She had never witnessed Grant in such a degraded and defeated state.
This grotesque image of Grant would be forever seared into her memory, haunting her for the rest of her life.
###chapter2433

Chapter 2433
"You can't understand what I'm saying, can you? Then those ears of yours are pretty useless. After all, you're already a cripple. Adding deafness to your list of disabilities shouldn't bother you much."
At this moment, Drew wanted nothing more than to put a bullet into Grant's skull.
However, he had promised Justin that he would never take another life. It was a promise that had to be kept.
"I'll definitely save my wife. But if I can't, you'll lose more than an ear next time."
Drew yanked Grant's hair, his eyes red and watery. His voice shook as he spoke each word." The pain Yvonne has endured... I'll repay it a thousandfold, ten thousandfold."
With that, he tossed Grant aside and stormed off with his coat billowing behind him.
"Sir! I'll get someone to take you to the hospital right away!" Clarice crawled to Grant's feet, trembling as she looked at the pool of blood. She fumbled for her phone but could not keep her hands steady.
"Ha... Hahaha!" Grant grabbed the bloody piece of his ear, tilting his head back as he let out a wild, unhinged laugh. "Interesting... This is simply too interesting!"
Clarice froze, her face pale and shaking like a scared bird. "Sir... What about Yvonne? Should we...?"
"Don't let her die. But don't let her live well either."
Grant tossed the bloody piece aside and closed his eyes, reveling in the twisted pleasure that came with extreme pain.
"You're a woman too. Surely you have plenty of experience making another woman suffer."
As soon as Drew exited the club, a group of thugs summoned by Clarice surrounded him.
In the midst of a fierce scuffle, a sleek black sports car came out of nowhere, mowing down several of the assailants.
The piercing screech of brakes cut through the night as the car door flung open in front of Drew.
"Get in!" Justin's chiseled features stood out sharply in the dark, radiating an unwavering presence.
Drew leaped into the car without hesitation, and the sports car sped off, leaving the thugs behind.
"I didn't need your help, President Salvador. I could've dealt with those scumbags on my own."
Drew lit a cigarette, his fingers shaking. He took a deep drag before rolling down the window to let the cold breeze hit his pale, weathered face.
"I'm no longer the president," Justin replied, his grip on the steering wheel firm. "I came as an old friend to lend a hand. I warned you not to provoke Grant. Why didn't you listen?"
"Justin, do you think I can just sit still? My wife is in his hands... I know she's with him, but I don't have the evidence to get her back..."
Drew hacked and coughed, unsure if it was from the cigarette or the freezing air.
Tears filled his eyes as he forced out the words, "Justin, I was this close to killing that bastard. But I know if I did, Yvonne would never make it either. I've never felt so helpless... Tell me, what should I do?"
Justin stayed silent for a long time, deep in his thoughts.
He caught the faint sound of Drew's sobs. His cries were muffled by the cold night wind, scattered into the void.
'Drew, trust me. I'll make it happen.' Justin made a solemn promise to himself.
Right then, his phone started ringing. It was Ian on the line.
"Mr. Salvador, that was a close call! Just as you suspected, someone attempted to make a move on Dr. Wagner. Fortunately, Chairman Hoffman had stationed guards around Dr. Wagner's house, so the assassins didn't succeed. Too bad they got away, or we could've gotten some intel out of them!"
Justin spoke in a calm, unwavering tone. "The press conference is just days away. Grant will stop at nothing to eliminate threats. Dr. Wagner has already handed over evidence against me to the police, so he's no longer of any use to my so-called 'kind and benevolent' elder brother."
Ian snorted coldly. "Dr. Wagner sure is singing your praises now! He's practically begging with tears streaming down his face. He promised to do anything to make it up to you." "Have all the surveillance cameras around Yvonne's last known location been checked?"
"We've gone through everything, but the car she was in vanished after heading toward the Waverly East District."
Ian's tone grew grim. "However, while combing through the footage, I stumbled upon something interesting a rather unexpected scene."
"What did you find?"
"I saw that on the night Yvonne went missing, Jace intercepted Clarice's car. They got into a confrontation, and Jace ended up beating the crap out of her! Honestly, it was satisfying to watch!"
###chapter2434

Chapter 2434
"Jace beat up Clarice?" Justin repeated coldly, his tone sharp.
Drew quickly wiped his eyes and listened closely.
"Yes! He landed a solid punch on her! I saw it clearly in the surveillance footage. It was brutal!" Ian exhaled sharply, releasing pent-up frustration. "I always thought they were close, like two peas in a pod, but it looks like trouble is brewing in their little paradise."
Ian then floated a daring theory. "Mr. Salvador, do you think Jace might be our breakthrough? Is it possible he's been at odds with Clarice for a while, or perhaps he's grown tired of working under Grant? All he might need is a nudge to turn against them. After all, wasn't it Yvonne's hatred of Christopher's past actions that made her join our side?"
Justin neither affirmed nor dismissed the theory. Instead, he responded, "Your suggestion might be true, but we can't say for sure. People's motivations can be hard to pin down. We've only interacted with Jace a handful of times, and they were all high-stakes situations. I'm honestly not sure what he's truly thinking."
Ian sighed before asking anxiously, "Mr. Salvador, the press conference is coming up in just two days. Do you have a plan? Are we just going to let Grant stir up trouble? To be honest, Dr. Wagner's statement alone may not be enough. The blood test results are legitimate and valid. We need another way to prove your innocence!"
"Ian, thank you," Justin replied, catching Ian off guard and leaving him momentarily speechless.
"These past days, you've been running around tirelessly. I'm no longer the president of the Salvador Corporation. You can take a break now. There's no need to stay on edge all the time," Justin said, his voice calm and unreadable.
"Mr. Salvador, I'm not tired! I don't want to take a break!" Ian protested fervently.
The reality was, after Justin lost his position as president, Ian had decided he would stick with him no matter what, even if he never earned another penny.
Ian, who used to be all about money, did not care about that anymore. All he wanted was to be by Justin's side.
He was afraid that Justin's suggestion to take a break was a sign he was about to get fired. No way was he going to rest!
"Don't worry, I'm not getting rid of you," Justin reassured him.
Justin picked up on Ian's thinking right away. He smirked as he spoke, "But I really can't stand seeing you show up here every morning with puffy eyes, then sneak off to sob in the corner when no one's around.
"Those who know the truth would just think you're missing your girlfriend. Those who don't might wonder if I did something to you. Go home, pull yourself together, and then come back to work."
Hearing this left Ian completely mortified, feeling as though he could die on the spot from embarrassment.
He had thought his longing for Rachel was well-hidden, and his crying barely audible, but
apparently that was not the case.
After the call ended, Drew could not hide his excitement, his voice trembling. "Hugh turning against Clarice-doesn't that prove he's waking up? That he's starting to remember who he used to be?"
He continued, "I believe Hugh lost his memory after the plane crash and has been manipulated by Grant ever since. But even so, how can the natural kindness of a good person be completely erased? Grant wants to drag Hugh into darkness, to make him an accomplice. He even tried to use Hugh to harm us, to pit us against our own family. He's despicable, utterly evil!"
Justin stared out into the vast, quiet night, deep in thought.
It was interesting that Jace had decided to stop Clarice's car on the same night Yvonne disappeared, and even went so far as to attack Clarice.
"Perhaps Hugh's conscience has already begun to awaken. But for some reason, he still can't break free from Grant's control."
After a moment of silence, Justin's eyes flickered with a glint of determination.
"Drew, what I'm about to say might not be easy to hear, but listen to me. Hugh must remain by Grant's side. Only then will we have a chance to rescue Yvonne."
Drew narrowed his eyes, feeling an ache in his chest.
He understood all too well what Justin meant.
Attacking from the outside was one thing, but for the plan to succeed, they needed someone on the inside to help them. Otherwise, success was far from guaranteed.
With Yvonne still in captivity, enduring who-knows-what kind of torment, the stakes were unbearably high.
If Jace has truly turned his back on Grant and Clarice, perhaps he could secretly lend Yvonne a hand.
###chapter2435

Chapter 2435
This decision came with risks.
It meant they were temporarily placing all their bets on Jace's character.
"Grant doesn't control someone for no reason. If someone ends up in his hands, he'll ensure they're used to their fullest potential," Justin said, his voice heavy with concern. "We have to figure out what Grant is planning. That's the only way we have a shot at finding Yvonne!"
The press conference was scheduled for 5:00 p.m. on Saturday, in the main conference hall of the Salvador Hotel.
The clock had just struck 3:00 p.m.
In the Salvador Corporation President's Office, Grant sat stiffly on the sofa with a grim expression.
Clarice stood beside him, trembling as she carefully tended to the wound on his left ear, wrapping it in gauze.
It had only been two days since he was shot. The torn flesh had been stitched back together, leaving a hideous, centipede-like scar that was impossible to hide unless he wore a long wig. Grant, who had once seemed refined and graceful, now appeared shrouded in darkness. A chilling presence radiated from him, putting those nearby on edge.
Clarice stammered, "I-I'm sorry, sir... I did my best."
Her hands trembled uncontrollably. She was not a makeup artist, and Grant's wound was still bleeding and oozing pus in the morning. There was only so much she could do.
Drew was truly a ruthless and bold man. Not to mention, elusive.
Despite having her subordinates search Savrow for three days and staking out the
Thompson family residence, hoping for a chance to get back at him, she had not even caught a glimpse of Drew.
Grant's pale lips moved slightly as he spoke impatiently, "Useless. Get out."
Clarice stumbled back, trembling with fear. She could tell he was growing impatient with her.
The more sinister, aggressive side of him was emerging, like a wild animal crawling from the depths.
She had to be extra cautious in the days ahead.
What if he suddenly decided to make her take the same drugs that Jace had been given? She did not want to become an addict!
At that moment, her phone rang, snapping her back to reality. She quickly answered the call. After listening to the report, she ended the call, her expression troubled.
"Sir, Dr. Wagner is being protected by the Hoffman family. Our men attempted an ambush but failed. They've been trying to find another opportunity, but the target is now on high alert, so none of the attempts have succeeded."
Grant closed his eyes, his face turned grimmer and cold.
"Sir, we can lock down the venue during the press conference and station guards everywhere, to block Dr. Wagner from entering."
At first, Grant did not think much about getting rid of Dr. Wagner, since he saw his life as a complete waste. Killing him would be like using a cannon to crush a puny bug.
But now that Grant was the new president of Salvador Corporation, he had to protect his reputation and power.
If Justin and Ryan were so determined to guard this nobody, then Grant would insist on killing him right in front of them and making their efforts go up in smoke.
"Justin and Ryan will definitely escort Dr. Wagner to the press conference. Notify Jace to take his men and stop them."
Clarice replied obediently, "Yes, sir!"
"One more thing." Grant slowly opened his eyes, his gaze alight with fury. "If Jace messes this up, he can forget about showing his face around here again."
###chapter2436

Chapter 2436
As the time for the press conference drew closer, Ryan escorted Dr. Wagner out of the villa to Justin's car.
"Justin, let me go with you. I'm worried," Ryan said, lowering his gaze to Justin's calm yet somber face who was seated in the back of the car. His concern was visible on his face.
Justin's cold gaze was resolute. "No need, Ryan. You've already helped me enough. It ends here."
If Ryan continued to help, he would inevitably be dragged into the mess. Despite his inability to articulate many emotions clearly, Justin deeply valued their two decades of brotherhood and friendship. Ryan had finally found happiness with Carrie, and Justin wouldn't be the one to shatter their peace.
"Ian, no matter what happens, call me first!" Ryan instructed, knowing full well how stubborn Justin could be.
"Don't worry, Chairman Hoffman!" Ian readily agreed.
Dr. Wagner climbed into the car, taking a seat next to Justin in the back. Trailing behind them was another vehicle with a few of Justin's trusted men.
Two cars sped away in tandem, leaving Ryan standing in place, watching their departure with a growing sense of unease.
The luxury car raced toward the Salvador Hotel.
"Mr. Justin... Am I going to die?" Dr. Wagner stammered, trembling.
Justin's expression remained impassive. "Why are you asking that?"
"I betrayed Mr. Grant and completely offended him... He's already tried to have me killed once. How could I possibly survive this?" Dr. Wagner clutched his head in despair, certain his days were numbered.
Justin's face betrayed no sympathy, but he had no intention of letting Dr. Wagner die either. "Don't worry"
Before Justin could finish, a deafening explosion shattered the air behind them.
Ian jolted in terror, immediately checking the rearview mirror.
Justin's sharp eyes darkened as he turned to look. A chill surged through him.
The car trailing them had been struck by a massive truck that appeared out of nowhere, flipping violently through the air before crashing heavily onto the street, shattering nearby storefront windows.
"We're doomed! This is karma! Karma!" Dr. Wagner wailed, clutching his head as he sobbed.
Panic-stricken by the cinematic-level chaos, Ian stammered, "President Salvador, w-what do we do now?!"
"Floor it. Don't stop!" Justin barked, his voice hoarse but firm.
It wasn't a matter of abandoning their men-it was about survival. Justin knew that
stopping would only guarantee a worse fate for all of them.
The black Maybach sped down the road, but soon another car appeared, hot on their heels.
"Ian! Watch out!" Justin's sharp eyes caught the danger ahead.
Focused on the pursuing vehicle, Ian failed to notice a large truck speeding straight toward them from the front.
The threat was imminent-collision was inevitable.
Ian let out a terrified scream, yanking the steering wheel hard to the left. The Maybach swerved into a narrow alley just as a thunderous crash echoed behind them.
Justin glanced back to see the massive truck smashing into the black car that had been chasing them, the scene utterly catastrophic, like something out of an action film.
"Holy crap! That was insane!" Ian, drenched in cold sweat, felt an odd sense of exhilaration. "If I ever have kids, I'm telling them their dad was as badass as Fast & Furious!"
Muttering prayers under his breath, Dr. Wagner snapped, "Don't get cocky, Mr. Harris! If Mr. Salvador hadn't warned you in time, we'd be the ones wrecked back there!"
Ian was about to retort when yet another car emerged, blocking the narrow alley ahead. Clearly, it was part of the same group.
"Mr. Salvador... W-What do we do now?" Ian stammered under the weight of his panic.
Justin's piercing gaze burned with intensity. Flames seemed to dance in his pupils as he commanded, "Don't stop!"
He figured that they would not dare use firearms in broad daylight within the city.
A gunshot would attract police and expose them through the countless surveillance cameras nearby. Their enemies could only rely on melee weapons to avoid leaving traces.
Ian gritted his teeth and slammed the gas pedal to the floor, aiming straight for the blocking vehicle.
But just as they surged forward, the Maybach suddenly sagged, its tires bursting. The car skidded violently, spinning 180 degrees before slamming into a building wall on the right, nearly tipping over.
"Damn it! A blowout!" Ian yelled.
Justin caught a flash of cold steel from the corner of his eye and sensed imminent danger. He shouted, "Ian! Get down!"
Simultaneously, he grabbed Dr. Wagner's head and forced them both to duck.
A sharp, whistling sound pierced the air-a steel-tipped arrow shot through the windshield, embedding itself in the driver's seat headrest.
Had Justin not reacted in time, the arrow would have skewered Ian's skull.
###chapter2437

Chapter 2437
"Ahhh!" Ian screamed in terror, curling up under the car seat.
It was not that he was a coward. In fact, he was quite courageous.
However, who in their right mind could stay composed in a scene like this?
Following Justin meant he never had to worry about starving, but it also meant living on the edge, constantly walking a tightrope.
If this continued, he might as well start carrying anxiety medication at all times.
Justin's strong frame shielded Dr. Wagner beneath him.
He understood the truth. These attackers were targeting the witness, aiming to eliminate anything that could be used against them. If they could take him down in the process, or at least seriously injure him, it would be an unexpected bonus.
It was a vicious and ruthless move.
Dr. Wagner muttered prayers under his breath, reciting the rosary at an increasingly frantic pace. The man protecting him seemed to have a strength that surpasses that of a god.
"Keep your heads down! The arrows can pierce glass, but they cannot penetrate the car body," Justin commanded, his forehead damp with cold sweat.
The rapid sound of projectiles hitting the vehicle created an unnerving rhythm. The cacophony sent Justin's mind racing back to his years on the battlefield in Kridor, where he had outwitted and battled terrorists.
Those fiery memories, full of bloodshed and survival, surged through him.
His eyes lit up with a fierce resolve. His blood pumped faster, boiling with adrenaline and an indomitable fighting spirit.
After five or six relentless minutes, the barrage ceased.
However, the car was immobilized. A flat tire meant they could no longer flee. There was only one option left. They had to fight their way out.
"Ian, protect him."
The moment Justin spoke, he burst from the vehicle like an arrow released from a bow. The car door swung open, and he launched himself into the fray.
There were more than a dozen men waiting outside. Without any hesitation, they closed in while brandishing their machetes, their eyes glinting with malice. Their snarling faces resembled a pack of wolves surrounding a lone lion.
Justin stood tall, his expression unyielding. Beneath the tailored suit, his muscular frame tensed, each fiber of his being coiled like a spring ready to unleash. His fists clenched, emitting audible cracks as his knuckles whitened.
It was clear to him now-Dr. Wagner was just a bonus. Undoubtedly orchestrated by Grant, the real goal of these attackers was to eliminate him.
This was an ambush to kill him.
Without a weapon at hand, Justin grabbed a black umbrella from the car door. He weighed it
in his hands, before nodding in satisfaction.
"Attack!" One of the men commanded.
The group surged forward like a tidal wave.
Justin's eyes burned with a light that cut through the darkness. His grip tightened around the umbrella, veins bulging with raw power. In a flash, he charged head-on, and the narrow alley exploded with the sounds of combat.
Inside the car, Ian shakily pulled out his phone. Just as he was about to call the police, his phone rang. The caller ID showed it was from Asher.
"Young Master Asher!" Ian answered, his voice cracking with desperation. "Please, save our boss! He's surrounded by more than a dozen men wielding machetes. It's so scary!"
"Don't panic. I'm already on my way," Asher replied calmly. "Bella asked me to help."
It turned out that Ryan had been uneasy about letting Justin escort the witness alone. He immediately reached out to Bella, expressing his worries.
Although Bella was preoccupied, she promptly contacted Asher, who enlisted Drew to assist. They had followed Justin's route but encountered a major car accident caused by a truck, blocking their way. Forced to detour, they temporarily lost track of their target. Thankfully, they managed to reconnect.
After providing their location, Ian hung up. He secured the car doors and prayed silently. As he did, a relentless pounding on the car's exterior kept his nerves on edge. Suddenly, a machete shattered the window, narrowly missing his head as it flew past.
Ian froze in fear. Trembling, he unlocked his phone and opened a chat with his girlfriend.
###chapter2438

Chapter 2438
[Ian: Rachel, I love you!]
[Rachel: Ian, you're usually not this sappy. What's gotten into you?]
Ian dared not tell her about his current predicament.
He thought, 'If anything happens, let this be my final words.'
His phone vibrated. Rachel's reply soon followed. [Ian, I love you too.]
Tears brimmed in Ian's eyes. His lips trembled, and his heart raced wildly. 'Screw it. If I die, I die.'
He reached for the machete, opened the car door, and charged forward to help Justin. He managed to injure two men in one go.
But he had no real combat skills. He was a complete amateur. Within a few exchanges, his arm was slashed, the wound so deep that the bone was almost visible.
"Ian! Get back in the car!" Justin roared, glaring at him.
In that moment of distraction, a machete slashed straight toward Justin's face.
"Mr. Salvador!" Ian gasped, cold sweat soaked his back.
Fortunately, Justin reacted quickly. He dodged just in time and grabbed the arm blocking him, snapping it with brute force.
Ian reeled back into the car, pale with pain. Only then did he understand why Justin had told him to stay out of it.
He was only causing trouble.
A dozen trained men surrounded Justin, attacking him alone. But in just over ten minutes, they fell one after another, blood pooling on the ground.
Justin's suit was in shreds, slashed to pieces. His chiseled, handsome face was streaked with blood.
He stood tall like an undefeated war god, a dragon among men.
But enemy reinforcements arrived. They were quickly closing in.
Justin's eyes glowed crimson, as if filled with blood. Gripping a blade wrestled from an enemy, he tilted his head. The sound of cracking joints echoed sharply.
There was no end to the killing.
Surely, this was Grant's sinister, calculated scheme. Even if Justin fought his way out of the siege, the press conference would already be over.
At that moment, the roar of a sports car engine came from behind.
"Justin! We're here!"
Justin whipped his head around. From a blue Ferrari, Asher and Drew stepped down with composure.
The frost in Justin's gaze wavered slightly. A storm of emotions churned in his chest. His entire being was filled with indomitable strength once again.
'Ash! Drew!' His bloodied lips only parted slightly. No sound escaped his lips, but inwardly, he shouted their names.
Ever since declaring war on Grant, Justin had resolved to walk this treacherous, sinister, unpredictable path alone.
He was ready to proceed in solitude.
But fate showed him mercy, refusing to let him fight alone. It brought him Asher, a brother who shared life and death with him, and Drew, with whom he had rekindled their school- day camaraderie.
All of it was thanks to Bella.
"Ash, you and Justin take the others and leave. I'll handle this alone," Drew said. He tucked his hands into the pockets of his black trench coat, his clothes flapping in the wind.
Asher flexed his fingers. His eyes gleamed red. The Matrix within him stirred. "No. We go together."
"Ash, have you forgotten what I do for a living?"
Drew winked and drew a tranquilizer gun from behind his waist. "What era do we live in? Brawling in the streets? How outdated."
Asher frowned but chuckled, feeling slightly relieved. "Be careful then."
Drew shot forward like a bolt of lightning, dashing toward Justin.
Their eyes met briefly. Without hesitation, Drew pressed his palm against Justin's back and forcefully shoved him in the opposite direction.
Justin's pupils contracted as he stared at Drew's resolute figure.
Drew was like a beam of light piercing through the gloom, illuminating Justin's path forward. "Go. Leave this to me."
###chapter2439

Chapter 2439
Justin and Asher successfully pulled Dr. Wagner and Ian out of the car, and the four of them ran toward the other end of the alley.
Behind them, shouts and the clash of weapons echoed incessantly. Justin glanced back and saw Drew single-handedly holding off over a dozen assailants. His heart began to beat fiercely, growing warm with emotion.
"Justin!" Asher suddenly skidded to a halt.
Justin looked ahead. His heart sank heavily.
At the entrance of the alley stood a tall, imposing figure, radiating an overwhelming pressure.
Even though his face was obscured, his defiant aura and the bloodthirsty menace that clung to him gave him away instantly.
It was Grant's trusted henchman, Jace.
"Mr. Salvador! W-What should we do?!" Ian asked, trembling.
"You go. I'll hold him off," Asher said, his eyes flashing with an icy determination as he stepped forward.
"Ian, take Dr. Wagner and go. Do not miss the press conference," Justin said.
He forced out the words in a deep, steady voice, "I'll stay and fight him with my brother."
Asher's dark eyes widened, staring at him in astonishment. What did he just call me? I must have misheard!
"Fine... Mr. Salvador, you two must be careful!" Ian nodded with red-rimmed eyes. No matter how reluctant he felt, he could only comply. He knew staying behind would only make things worse.
Asher immediately refused. "No! You all leave!"
"I've fought him before-more than once. Alone, you may not stand a chance," Justin said firmly, his decision unwavering.
Before they could resolve their disagreement, Jace moved like an unsheathed blade. His body radiated a chilling aura as he charged toward them.
"Go now!" Asher's eyes glinted red as he surged forward. A sharp dagger, gleaming with cold light, appeared in his hand.
In a flash, the two powerful figures closed in on each other.
Justin's eyes widened abruptly. Something felt off.
Asher held a weapon, but Jace was unarmed.
Moreover, Justin had crossed paths with Jace before. The savage, beast-like bloodlust that usually radiated from Jace was absent this time.
"Ash, wait!" Justin shouted, but it was too late.
Asher's dagger plunged deep into Jace's right shoulder. Blood gushed out, staining Jace's shirt crimson.
Yet, Jace's expression remained impassive. He seemed devoid of pain, his cold eyes fixed on Asher's sweat-soaked face.
For a moment, his gaze grew unfocused. Fragments of memory rushed into his mind-some of Asher, some of Bella, and others of a middle-aged woman who had once met him briefly and cried while calling him Hugh.
This strange sensation bewildered and confused Jace, but he did not resist the intrusion of these people who were once his enemies into his thoughts.
Asher froze, his grip on the dagger tightening.
He had not expected Jace to neither fight back nor evade. He dared not lower his guard, though.
After all, this man was Grant's loyal henchman, who had repeatedly struck ruthlessly at Bella and Justin.
Even if it cost him his life, Asher would never let him succeed again!
With that resolve, Asher wrenched the dagger free and raised it high.
"Ash, wait!" Justin fixed his eyes on Jace, noticing that he made no move to retaliate. In a low, steady voice, Justin said, "He's your brother. Don't act rashly yet!"
###chapter2440

Chapter 2440
"Brother...?" Asher recalled Hugh, who had perished in a plane crash. A sharp, excruciating ache surged through his heart.
"Even if he truly is my brother, he has allied himself with the devil and willingly committed evil deeds. Between him and me, there is nothing left to salvage!"
As his words fell, so did his hand, bringing the blade down with it.
"Ash! Don't!" Justin cried out.
In the next instant, Jace caught the blade with his bare hand, gripping it tightly as blood dripped to the ground.
Asher felt his heart twist in agony. He cherished his family above all else, and now, he found himself committing an unspeakable sin, having to raise his blade against his own kin.
"I'm not here to stop you," Jace said, his breathing labored. His piercing gaze locked onto Asher's reddened eyes. In a voice only the two of them could hear, he whispered, "But I must stop you. It's my mission."
Asher stared at him, disbelief etched on his face. "Why..."
"Because I belong to the Boss. I have no choice but to fulfill my orders in this way."
Jace slowly turned his gaze toward Justin. "Go. Now."
After watching them leave, Jace walked alone through the warehouse with heavy steps and a somber expression.
He kept asking himself. 'Was this the right choice?'
Perhaps failing this mission would mean Grant would send him to the hospital as a test subject for experimental drugs, or worse, kill him outright.
Still, he felt no regret.
He just did not know if he truly was Hugh Thompson whom everyone had been searching for. Maybe he was merely someone who resembled him. He might have helped the Thompson family by coincidence, and it was all wishful thinking.
Suddenly, Jace froze. A group of men dressed in black with their faces concealed stood not far ahead.
Jace's eyes narrowed. He instantly realized these men were not sent by Grant, nor were they from the Thompson family. Rather, they were a third-party faction.
"Take him down!" one of them barked. At the command, the group surged toward him.
In a desperate fight, Jace managed to take down several of them but sustained severe injuries in the process.
These men were well-prepared and highly trained, intent on taking his life.
He could not afford to linger any longer. Breaking into a run, Jace fled through the warehouse with his assassins on his heel.
The chase spilled from the narrow alley onto a busy street, where pedestrians stared in
horror at the bloodied man sprinting past.
Suddenly, Jace spotted a luxury car parked in front of a store. A woman seemed to be sitting inside.
Clenching his teeth, he rushed over, yanked open the door, and threw himself into the car. He slammed the door shut and locked it with a loud click.
"You-"
"Don't move or speak!"
Jace did not even glance at the woman. He quickly covered her mouth and pressed her firmly into the seat.
Outside, several assassins ran past the car.
"He's gone!"
"Check over there! Split up and keep looking! The boss's orders were clear-he must die!" The voices and footsteps outside faded.
Jace finally exhaled a sigh of relief. Only then did he turn to look at the woman.
She was a middle-aged woman with an elegant and beautiful face. Her damp eyes stared directly at him, growing redder by the second.
There was no fear or panic in her gaze, only deep sorrow and heartache.
###chapter2441

Chapter 2441
Suddenly, the woman burst into tears.
Jace's instincts were on high alert as he observed the situation outside. When he felt it was sufficiently safe, he loosened his grip on the woman, only to find his palm damp with her tears.
Jace fixed his gaze on her teary eyes and instantly recognized her. She was the same woman who had frantically chased after him at the hospital, calling him "Hugh" as if possessed.
That could only mean one thing. She was Hugh's mother, the mother of the fifth Young Master of the Thompson family.
Jace's body stiffened as he straightened up abruptly and distanced himself from Mila. Every fiber of his body shook.
Inside the car, it felt as though the world had faded away, leaving a vacuum of silence.
Mila was usually calm and composed. But the moment she saw him, she did not care about anything else, unable to control her tears.
At that moment, the driver opened the door and got into the car.
"Madam Mila, I brought back the pastries you ordered for Mr. Thompson-"
Jace's bloodshot eyes darkened. His muscles tensed, and he reached for the car door, ready to leave.
"Don't go!" Mila cried, her tearful eyes wide as she clutched his solid arm in desperation. Her fingers tightened with all their strength.
For the first time, Jace, a man of steel, felt a sharp sting of pain.
She could not let him go, as she feared that if she did, she would never find him again.
The driver was startled to see a bloodied man sitting beside Mila and immediately assumed the worst.
He thought this stranger was a criminal attempting to kidnap Mila. His face went pale with fear as he prepared to intervene.
However, Mila quickly stopped him. Her voice was trembling as she said, "Don't worry, he won't hurt me!"
Jace's chest tightened as he slowly turned his head, staring at her with a gaze of disbelief. He was a man who lived on the edge, his hands stained with blood. His presence alone was often enough to make children cry.
Jace glanced at the rearview mirror, where his reflection stared back at him-bloodshot eyes, a menacing glare, and a face that screamed danger. He looked nothing like a decent man anymore.
He was broken beyond repair.
Even though Mila had vouched for him, the driver remained tense. He was ready to defend her at any moment.
"Apologies for earlier," Jace said coldly, then turned to get out of the car.
But Mila clung to him desperately, refusing to let go. Her voice trembled with concern as she asked, "Who were those people chasing you? What happened? Why are you covered in blood? Are you hurt? Let me take a look..."
Every question she asked felt like a hammer to Jace's heart, shaking it further with each blow.
Many people sought him out and saw him as someone they knew. He had also gained the gentle care of a woman who could have been a mother to him.
The warmth of it all stirred something in him. It was something unfamiliar, something that felt like belonging. Yet he knew, without this face, none of this would be his.
It was a fleeting taste of something he had never known-the feeling of a happy life.
"It's none of your business," Jace said coldly.
He didn't dare linger, afraid to let himself feel a kindness he did not deserve.
But before he could move, his vision blurred, and he collapsed into Mila's arms. "Hugh, Hugh! Wake up!" Mila cried, her voice filled with panic as she held him close. The driver quickly said, "Madam Mila, look at his shoulder! It's bleeding! He must be injured!"
Mila felt something wet and sticky in her palm. When she looked down, her hand was stained with bright, red blood!
"Hurry! Take us to the Thompson Hospital immediately!"
On the other side of town, Steven sped toward Savrow for the press conference.
In the passenger seat, Bella wore a sleek black suit, her crimson lips radiating confidence.
Pinned to her chest was a brooch she had designed herself. It was a golden iris encrusted with yellow gemstones.
###chapter2442

Chapter 2442
The golden iris was a symbol of victory.
"Ms. Bella, we still have time. We'll definitely make it to the press conference!" Steven's eyes were resolute as he floored the gas pedal.
"Safety first." Bella's voice was calm, almost soothing. At such a critical moment, she seemed unusually composed. "Amelia is about to give birth, and you're going to be a father soon. Now that you have a wife and child, don't act recklessly like before."
Thinking of his soon-to-be-born first child, a warm smile spread across Steven's happy face.
Bella closed her eyes, her mind racing non-stop.
In fact, she was merely forcing herself to stay sharp at this moment.
Since Yvonne's disappearance, she had not slept well even once. Insomnia had taken its toll, erasing the carefree young woman who could once sleep through anything. That version of her was gone forever.
She had once fought her way out of a pile of corpses and overcome countless difficult challenges.
There was no way she would let herself fail now and lose to Grant!
As the car approached the toll gate to the Savrow expressway, Bella's phone rang. It was an
unknown caller.
Normally, she would not answer calls from unknown numbers.
But today, a strange feeling tugged at her chest. Her gut told her this call was important, something she couldn't ignore.
Quickly, she hit the answer button and brought the phone to her ear. "Hello, who is this?" The next moment, her eyes widened, and her heart pounded violently.
Thanks to Jace's behind-the-scenes interference, Justin and Asher managed to arrive at the underground parking lot of the Salvador Hotel.
"Ian, are you holding up?" Justin looked at Ian's pale face, his brows furrowing tightly.
"I'm fine... I've got this!" Ian forced a grin, though it was hard to tell if he was trying to smile or mask the pain.
Justin pressed his lips into a tight line and pulled off his tie. With practiced ease, he started wrapping it around Ian's wound.
Ian's lips trembled, and tears welled in his eyes. He was so moved he almost cried!
Dr. Wagner exclaimed, "Mr. Salvador, where did you learn medical skills like this? Your bandaging technique is incredibly professional!"
"I served as a peacekeeper on the battlefield. I learned from the doctors stationed during missions in Kridor," Justin casually said as he lowered his gaze.
Hearing this, Asher's breath hitched. His lips parted, but he hesitated to speak.
Bella had warned him, time and again, not to tell Justin the truth-that she was his savior. She did not want his love out of gratitude or for him to feel the burden of knowing she was his Little Dove.
The past was the past.
She was simply Bella, a woman who loved Justin. Nothing more.
However, as Justin finished tying off the bandage, Asher hesitated again before speaking." Justin."
"What is it?" Justin looked up, his sharp eyes meeting Asher's eyes.
"Actually..."
Suddenly, the clanging sound of metal echoed from the far end of the parking lot.
Justin and Asher both exited the car and looked toward the source of the noise.
A group of thugs wielding iron rods emerged from the shadows, their expressions cold and sinister. The dragging sound of metal on concrete echoed through the space.
"Damn it! Will it never end?!" Ian cursed in frustration, trying to get out of the car, only to be held back by Dr. Wagner.
Justin and Asher exchanged a wordless glance, their fists clenching in unison.
They had come this far. There was no turning back now.
Let the storm rage on. They were ready for whatever came next.
###chapter2443

Chapter 2443
In a matter of seconds, they were surrounded by a horde of menacing figures. The tension in the air gnawed at their nerves.
The scene unfolded in the underground parking lot of the Salvador Hotel.
It was the Salvador family's property. Every brick and stone of this establishment was built under Nigel's meticulous oversight. Among all the five-star hotels in Savrow, it had always been at the top of the rankings.
Yet today, on the occasion of a press conference, Grant seemed determined to turn the parking lot into a bloodbath. He truly was a madman and was beyond redemption.
"Ten for each of us?" Asher nudged Justin with his elbow, his dark eyes narrowing slightly." The press conference starts in ten minutes. Can you wrap this up in time?"
Justin's gaze was sharp and wild. His normally brooding eyes now had a dangerous light. " I'll take fifteen, you handle the other five."
"Why do I get so few?"
Justin raised a brow and casually said, "You're the senior. As a junior, it's only right that I handle more."
Asher lowered his lashes briefly, managing a wry smile despite the tension.
"You're younger in seniority, not in years. Don't try to play the 'youth' card with me, Mr. Salvador."
Justin's expression grew more serious. He stopped joking around. "At the end of the day, this is a grudge between me and Grant. This is a Salvador family matter, and it was never my intention to drag everyone into this. I owe you all an apology."
Asher's deep, steady gaze remained fixed ahead. "We're family. No need to draw lines where there aren't any."
Justin's chest tightened. He turned to look at Asher, a surge of unspeakable emotion welling in his heart.
"Justin! I'm here!" A shout pierced through the suffocating tension, followed by the deafening roar of a sports car engine.
A sports car sped onto the scene, barreling through the crowd and scattering several men before pulling off an elegant drift.
The car came to a flawless stop directly in front of Justin and Asher.
The door swung open, and Ryan stepped out, moving with an effortless swagger.
He tilted his head slightly and rolled his shoulders, as if ready to rumble.
"Ryan..." Justin's eyes widened in disbelief, his chest tightening with emotion.
"Man, you always fall apart without me." Ryan flashed a carefree smile. "Isn't that right, Justin?"
Time was up. The press conference was about to begin.
In the backstage lounge, Grant sat on the sofa with his eyes closed as he quietly rested.
Clarice approached, offering him a cup of freshly brewed tea with both hands.
He accepted it, taking a moment to inhale its fragrance before sipping leisurely.
"That despicable Drew... How dare he hurt you like this! Your entrance could've been flawless," Clarice fumed, her voice trembling with anger.
"It doesn't matter. Sometimes, imperfection is its own kind of perfection," Grant replied calmly, swirling the tea in his cup.
"I gave them plenty of time, yet they're still not here. I'm beginning to wonder if I overestimated Justin's abilities."
Clarice sneered disdainfully. "What abilities? Any so-called ability he has is entirely thanks to the opportunities you handed him! If you hadn't stepped back and let him take the president's position, he'd never have known what it feels like to hold power. He should be eternally grateful to you!"
Grant frowned slightly. "Clarice, you're being too blunt."
"Sir, I may be blunt, but I'm not wrong."
"Hmm. Fair point."
Just then, Clarice's phone rang. She answered it, only for her face to pale instantly.
"Sir! It's bad news! Justin, Asher, and Ryan have stormed into the hotel parking lot!"
Grant's eyes darkened, turning cold and venomous. "Stop them. Use any means necessary."
Meanwhile, at Thompson Hospital...
###chapter2444

Chapter 2444
The lights in the emergency room flickered off and the door swung open as the doctor stepped out, removing his mask.
Mila immediately rushed forward, her face filled with anxiety. "Doctor, how is my son?!"
"Madam Mila, you were lucky to bring him in when you did. Another ten minutes, and we might not have been able to save him."
The doctor breathed a sigh of relief. "He was in shock from blood loss, but he's stable now. I gave him a transfusion and stitched up his wounds. He'll need plenty of rest and time to recover."
Mila felt a wave of relief wash over her, as if the weight on her chest had been lifted. She broke into a cold sweat. "Thank goodness... Thank goodness!"
After the doctor left, she immediately instructed the driver to buy the best supplements, regardless of cost.
Still unaware of the real reason behind Mila's actions, the driver remarked, "Madam Mila, you are really kind to help him to the very end."
He had only worked for the family for two years and assumed she was just being kind- hearted.
Mila lowered her gaze, a bitter smile curling on her lips. "You don't understand. I'm paying a debt."
Still confused, the driver left to buy the supplies.
Jace was transferred to the best VIP room in the hospital. Mila stayed with him, never leaving his side.
"Hugh... is it you?" Mila murmured repeatedly, tears blurring her vision. "How did this happen? What happened to you, son... How could you end up like this?"
The grief she had carried for years and the sorrow of losing her own son burst out in that moment, finding an unexpected release through Jace.
In a way, Jace had become her solace.
Suddenly, Jace's forehead was drenched in a cold sweat, and his pale, cracked lips parted. " Mom..."
"Son, what did you say?" Mila's eyes widened in surprise as she leaned in closer to him. "Mom... Mom..." His words were slurred and faint, but they rang out clearly to Mila. She grabbed his cold, rough hand tightly, tears streaming down her face.
"I'm here, child... I'm here!"
Even if Jace only looked like his son, at this moment, she would gladly accept him as her own child!
Jace seemed to be trapped in a nightmare. He was still unconscious, but his fingers curled as he gently squeezed Mila's hand. He muttered, "Can I... Live... In the light... Too?"
Mila didn't quite understand but nodded through her tears. "Yes, of course! As long as you want to!"
Jace did not respond and drifted back into sleep.
But despite being unconscious, the corners of his lips curled into a serene smile.
The grand banquet hall had been transformed into a conference room, large enough to hold hundreds of people.
Nearly every media outlet from across the country was gathered below the stage. Reporters set up their laptops, adjusted cameras, and prepared for the live broadcast. All of them were waiting for the new president of Salvador Corporation to make his appearance. The door swung open, and all eyes turned to Grant as he walked confidently to the podium, sharply dressed in a suit.
He bowed before the microphone, his voice warm and humble.
"Thank you, everyone, for taking the time out of your busy schedules to attend this press conference. I apologize for taking up public resources, and I offer my sincere apologies on behalf of Salvador Corporation.
"The press conference today is mainly to address the recent drug scandal involving my younger brother, Justin, the former president of Salvador Corporation. I believe I must step forward and provide a unified statement to the public."
A reporter raised his hand and asked, "Why are you the one speaking on behalf of your brother? Shouldn't Justin, as the one involved, be here to explain himself?"
A murmur spread through the crowd as frustration built over Justin's habit of avoiding responsibility.
"He is currently unavailable to appear in public. He's been dismissed from his position and is no longer a part of Salvador Corporation. There's no reason for him to be here."
Immediately, the doors of the banquet hall were forcefully pushed open.
"Who said so?!" A powerful and commanding voice rang out, immediately drawing everyone's attention.
###chapter2445

Chapter 2445
Everyone turned in unison, looking behind in shock.
Grant lifted his eyes coldly, his gaze turned sinister.
At the door, a pair of tall figures stood side by side. The light from outside the ballroom illuminated their silhouette for everyone to see.
It was Justin and Ryan!
Ryan was dressed in a crisp black suit, only slightly dusty.
However, Justin had no time to change his clothes. He appeared disheveled, having just come from battle.
Despite this, his upright posture and determined gaze showed no sign of defeat. His expression was cold, proud, and unyielding. It was a sight so powerful that people hesitated to even look directly at him-a sight that commanded both fear and respect.
Ryan acted like a rascal as he walked up to the podium and spoke with sharp mockery," Grant, you really went all out to prevent Justin from showing up at the press conference, didn't you?
"You had assassins waiting for us on the road, surrounded us in the parking lot, and even had reporters blocking our way outside. You are really crazy and unscrupulous!"
Grant's eyes were dark and cold.
The revelation was so shocking that it left everyone stunned.
The attention that had once been fixed on Grant, the supposed "main character", now shifted entirely to Justin.
The wounds all over Justin's body, along with his cold, bloodstained face, were undeniable evidence.
"Chairman Hoffman is so bold to criticize the Salvador family live on national TV during their own press event. Isn't he worried Salvador Corporation will retaliate against the Hoffman family? After all, Salvador Corporation is still the largest financial conglomerate in Savrow!"
"Did you forget who Ryan is? His grandfather built the Hoffman family's fortune through blood, sweat, and hard work. People like them don't fear anyone, not even the king himself. They can withstand pressure and lose without flinching. Worst case, they'll just rebuild from scratch."
"Right now, Ryan calls the shots for the Hoffman family. No one can stop him. Of course, he's going to stir things up!"
"I can only say one thing. Ryan really treats Justin like a brother."
"What about the man on stage?"
"Heh... When you've been bedridden for so long, there's no such thing as a filial son. When it comes to power and wealth, there are no true brothers-just think about it."
As the chaos unfolded, broadcast live for the world to see, Clarice could no longer stay silent. She rushed to the front of the stage to shield Grant. "Gentlemen, everything must be based
on evidence. President Grant has been here preparing for this press conference and hasn't had time to deal with anything else. There's no way he could have arranged all of this. When you speak in front of the media and the nation, you must take responsibility, Chairman Hoffman."
"This bitch!' Ryan cursed in his mind. He wanted nothing more than to jump up and smash this woman's head!
"You've made a huge mistake, Young Master Justin." Clarice continued, "You've caused significant damage to Salvador Corporation's reputation, and President Grant has already called this press conference to publicly apologize."
Clarice looked at Justin's cold, unyielding face with feigned sorrow. "But instead of reflecting on your actions, you've brought Chairman Hoffman here to spread rumors and slander President Grant.
"Whatever grievances you have should be settled privately, not aired out in public like this. You're not just harming yourself, but also the image of Salvador Corporation!"
Justin took a step forward, moving closer to the stage. "The image of Salvador Corporation should be the concern of the current president. I'm no longer a part of Salvador Corporation, so it's not my responsibility."
"You!" Clarice was left speechless.
"But-"
###chapter2446

Chapter 2446
Justin spoke, his sharp eyes locked onto Grant. "My reputation has been tarnished. I'm innocent. No matter the cost, I must seek justice for myself!"
His voice echoed with conviction, shaking everyone to their core.
Grant stood on the stage, glaring at Justin like two predators having a staredown.
"I, Ryan Hoffman, vouch for Justin on behalf of the entire Hoffman family. He has never used drugs. Justin was framed from the beginning!" Ryan's voice thundered through the banquet hall.
The reporters erupted in discussion, their voices boiling over with questions. "Who? Who did it?!"
Ryan did not directly name Grant. He knew it was not easy to bring down this impeccably dressed devil. If he rushed to accuse Grant now, he would seize any flaw to retaliate.
He was not afraid of offending Grant. What he feared was causing further harm to his best friend. The situation was already precarious; there could be no more mistakes.
Another reporter stood up. "Mr. Justin, if it was as Chairman Hoffman stated that you were framed in the drug scandal, do you have any evidence?"
"Yes." A voice came from behind Justin.
Asher and the injured lan entered under the watchful eyes of the crowd, bringing in Dr. Wagner.
Grant's expression revealed no discernible change. However, Clarice's face visibly paled, and a thin layer of cold sweat formed on her forehead.
"Even Asher Thompson is backing Justin! He sure is well-connected!" The crowd gasped. "Did you forget? Justin Salvador is Chairman Thompson's future son-in-law. It is only natural for him to support his sister's fiancé."
Blazing white flashes exploded across Dr. Wagner's face, obscuring his features.
He swallowed with difficulty and looked at Grant, standing just a few steps away. That pale and handsome yet sinister face sent a shiver down his spine.
But then, he remembered how many times he had narrowly escaped death along the way, while the people he had wronged-Justin and Ian-had fought tooth and nail to protect him.
If he hesitated any longer, would he even be considered human?
It was his lifelong cowardice and timidity that had ruined his son.
Dr. Wagner raised his head, his expression solemn. "I am Dr. Wagner, Mr. Justin's attending physician when he was hospitalized due to a sudden illness. I am here today to formally apologize to him."
With deep remorse, Dr. Wagner looked at Justin. "I was the one who handed over Mr. Justin's medical records and blood test reports to the police. I violated medical ethics and committed a grave mistake, severely damaging his reputation and causing him to lose his position as president of Salvador Corporation."
Dr. Wagner stood straight, pressed his legs together, and bowed deeply. "I am truly sorry! I am willing to bear all consequences and will never practice medicine again. Someone like me does not deserve to be a doctor anymore!"
The crowd was shocked, erupting in uproar.
So, Justin's arrest had been because this doctor provided so-called evidence to the police? A reporter could not help but ask, "Dr. Wagner, why did you do it?"
"During Mr. Justin's hospitalization, Mr. Grant's private doctor, Dr. Clarice, approached me one day..."
Dr. Wagner glared at Clarice's contorted face. "She used my wife's illness and my son's debt to blackmail me into handing over the blood test reports to the police to frame Mr. Justin! Faced with Mr. Grant's power, I had no choice... I could only follow her orders!"
###chapter2447

Chapter 2447
"Nonsense! I never told you to do anything of the sort!" Clarice's eyes were burning with rage.
"I knew you would deny it." Dr. Wagner pulled out his phone and showed the crowd a recording.
"You made sure I didn't record anything on my phone, but you never expected that I had installed a hidden camera in my office. This footage captures the entire process of you bribing and threatening me. The evidence is right here. It's useless for you to deny it!"
All eyes turned to Clarice, shocked. Their gazes shifted to Grant, now filled with suspicion and doubt.
Clarice's mind buzzed as blood drained from her face.
She was cautious, but she let this tiny detail slip.
However, it did not matter. She had done it on her own accord and had never mentioned that Grant had instructed her to do so in front of Dr. Wagner, so he still had room to maneuver. Clarice had failed in her duties and was willing to take all the blame for him.
No one could interfere with his grand ambitions!
"Mr. Grant! Your private doctor bribed Dr. Wagner, the attending physician of Mr. Justin, in an attempt to destroy his reputation. Were you behind this?"
"Were you really uninvolved?"
The reporters bombarded Grant with questions, but he remained unmoved, staring expressionlessly into Justin's eyes.
On the surface, they looked calm and collected, but there was an invisible clash going on between them.
At that moment, Grant, who had remained silent, finally spoke in a deep and solemn voice.
"First of all, if this is true, I owe my brother an apology. I failed to manage my subordinates properly, and she must take responsibility for this."
But he suddenly changed his tone. "However, Justin, the fact that you used drugs is undeniable, isn't it?"
"Dr. Wagner should not have disclosed a patient's medical records, but the blood test report clearly states that your body contained traces of methamphetamine. The police urine test also came back positive. You can't deny this, can you?"
Justin's sharp brows furrowed, his hands clenched tightly, veins bulging.
Once again, the situation had turned.
"That's right! Even if Dr. Wagner betrayed Justin, the test results are real!"
"Without betraying him, Dr. Wagner could have only helped Justin evade legal punishment!"
"So, Justin still did drugs!"
Public opinion turned against Justin once more.
Ryan, Asher, and Ian all wore frosty expressions. Their gazes filled with concern as they looked at Justin standing there, calm and composed.
This battle was truly a difficult one.
"Yes, President Grant is right! No matter what I have done, the fact remains that you, Justin, took drugs. No amount of explaining can change that!" Clarice said, her sharp nails pointing directly at Justin.
"Who says it is useless?"
Bella strode into the banquet hall with a commanding presence, her beautiful eyes cold and resolute.
"Is everything you see always the whole truth?"
###chapter2448

Chapter 2448
Bella stood in the limelight. Though her figure was slender, at this moment, she appeared imposing.
Her powerful silhouette filled everyone's vision, enveloping the entire banquet hall with her majestic presence.
From a distance, Justin gazed at her. His usually clear eyes gradually burned with intensity. "Bella!" Asher and Ryan had not expected Bella to show up in person.
A flood of flashing cameras descended once more.
"It's the heiress of the Thompson family!"
"We should call her President Thompson now. She's currently in charge of the KS Group!" "Wait... Bella is here to support Justin? Didn't they break up?"
"You don't get it. This is what love used to be!"
Grant's eyes narrowed slightly, staring intently at Bella's cold yet resolute face. His pale lips slowly formed an eerie, spine-chilling smile.
Bella looked at his smiling face, suppressing the disgust surging in her chest. She calmly scanned the crowd.
"Ladies and gentlemen, I stake the reputation of KS Group and my personal integrity as the CEO to vouch for Mr. Justin. He has never used drugs!"
"Hah! A guarantee? What use is your guarantee?" Clarice's face twisted with sinister malice. "Everyone in Savrow knows that you used to be Justin's old flame, Ms. Thompson."
Clarice deliberately emphasized "old flame" to humiliate Bella.
Justin's brow furrowed, and his sharp gaze bore into Clarice's pretentious face with a murderous look.
"This bitch is so annoying!" Ryan gritted his teeth in hatred, spitting his words with venom. Bella's brow arched slightly. Her expression remained composed, exuding grandeur and poise.
"You talk so much nonsense. Who are you fooling?" Clarice sneered and continued, "Even family members can't testify for criminal suspects in court. You think your personal guarantee means anything with your relationship with Justin? Can you really vouch for him?"
Bella lowered her lashes, pondering. "No, I can't."
Clarice's sinister smile deepened. Just like Asher and Ryan, she believed Bella was merely another fool rushing to humiliate herself.
However, in the next instant, Bella suddenly raised her eyes and gave Clarice a sharp and penetrating look, making her shudder with unease.
"But... There is someone who can."
As soon as she finished speaking, a tall and graceful figure stepped through the grand entrance, each stride steady and measured.
From a distance, the crowd could not see clearly. Yet, just the outline of that slender figure struck Asher like a bolt of lightning.
His entire body tensed, trembling with suppressed emotions, his lips quivering as he
struggled to contain the overwhelming surge within him. But he could not.
"Arnold... It's Arnold!" Ryan could hardly believe his eyes, clutching the frozen Asher frantically.
Under everyone's watchful eyes, Asher gazed at the one he loved to the core. Unknowingly, his eyes filled with tears, his sobs silent but unrestrained.
It was Arnold.
Even until this moment, he could not believe that one day, Arnold would appear before him once again.
"Arnold," Justin murmured his name, emotions surging uncontrollably.
At the same time, the sinister smile on Grant's lips froze with Arnold's arrival.
After a long absence, Arnold walked toward Justin with calm composure, clad in a crisp black suit.
He was still tall and handsome, but he had become excessively thin. The somber black color only accentuated his skeletal frame, making him look like a walking skeleton.
Asher remembered that Arnold hated wearing black. His wardrobe was filled with vibrant, colorful designer clothes and not a single trace of black.
As he once said, "Wearing a white coat at work is dull enough. Wearing black in my free time? I'd look like there's no life in me at all!"
But now, Arnold stood before him, dressed in black from head to toe.
###chapter2449

Chapter 2449
The old Arnold was lively, cheerful, and enamored with beauty. But that once radiant being had fallen into an abyss, leaving no trace behind.
As Arnold passed by Asher, he did not pause for even a moment.
At such a close distance, Asher could clearly see the cruel, cross-shaped scar marring Arnold's cheek. His heart twisted painfully, the agony making his vision go black, as his body swayed violently.
"Asher, are you alright?!" Fortunately, Ryan was right beside him and managed to catch him in time.
Asher gazed at Arnold's thin figure disappearing into the distance. His parched lips moved, but no sound emerged. It was as if he had lost the ability to speak.
Arnold stopped beside Justin, his lips curving faintly as he nodded slightly-a brief gesture of acknowledgment.
Then he suddenly lifted his sharp gaze. Those piercing eyes bore into Grant's deceitful face like daggers.
"I am Dr. Arnold Larson, and I once served as Mr. Justin's attending physician. About six months ago, Mr. Justin struck a deal with Christopher Iverson in order to save Ms. Thompson, who had been imprisoned on a remote island. He willingly took poison in exchange for her safe return to her family."
His words caused an uproar.
"I remember that! Ms. Thompson was kidnapped by Christopher Iverson, the chairman of Iverson Corporation, and taken to a deserted island. Some said it was because of unrequited love, while others believed he used her as a hostage in desperation. Either way, it's true!"
Reporters buzzed with excitement.
"Exactly! Afterward, Ms. Thompson was rescued, but Mr. Justin was rushed to the hospital. The Salvador family tried their best to cover it up, but in today's information age, secrets never stay buried. Plenty of people heard about it!"
"Everything aligns perfectly with what Dr. Larson said!"
Bella closed her tear-filled eyes. The memories of those days trapped on the island with Christopher flooded her mind.
On the day Justin saved her, she had been unconscious the entire time.
She did not know how he had negotiated with that devil, but she understood one thing with certainty her safety had been bought at the cost of his life.
She was not sure if she would ever get the chance to risk everything for him again in this lifetime.
Arnold pulled out a medical report from his coat and presented it with an unyielding gaze. "This is an official diagnosis report, personally signed by me and issued by the most authoritative medical institution in Savrow. It contains Mr. Justin's earliest brain scans and blood tests, stamped and certified. This report is legally valid and irrefutable.
"Due to the poison he consumed, Mr. Justin suffered severe neurological damage, which has significantly impaired multiple bodily functions. At that time, I conducted a blood test. The results match today's findings-his body contains traces of narcotics. This proves that the substance Christopher forced him to consume was highly purified drugs!"
Gasps echoed through the crowd.
"OMG, that's horrible!"
"Even if I wasn't there, the international police and armed forces who rescued Ms. Thompson and Mr. Justin witnessed everything. If even they can't verify Mr. Justin's condition, then who can?"
Every word Arnold spoke rang out loud and clear, striking with undeniable force.
On stage, Grant's expression grew darker by the second.
Threats, intimidation, murder, deceit-Grant, who always thought the world was his playground, had miscalculated this time.
He had believed that driving a wedge between Arnold and Asher would make Arnold give up on the Thompson family and Justin, disappearing from their lives for good.
For a time, Grant thought he had won.
But now, Arnold had stepped into the game himself, delivering a resounding slap to his face.
Grant underestimated human nature. He had no friends, no lovers. He was cruel and indifferent by nature, so he could not understand the power of friendship. That friendship was not limited to those on the same side.
Even if they stood on opposing sides, nothing could stop their friendship.
"For the past few months, I've been abroad recuperating for personal reasons. I never imagined that in such a short time, someone with malicious intent would exploit Mr. Justin's condition, attempting to label him a drug addict and drag him into the abyss to seize power for themselves."
Arnold narrowed his captivating eyes and stepped forward, confronting Grant directly.
"Mr. Grant, your script is well-written, but unfortunately, it's riddled with logical flaws and gaping holes.
"In your version, Mr. Justin is an addict who has hit rock bottom. Yet you're nothing but a filthy rat, climbing onto the table to snatch other people's food."
###chapter2450

Chapter 2450
Arnold's aggressive interrogation sent shockwaves through the crowd. The livestream audience soared to 50 million viewers in an instant, and comments flooded in like a tidal wave.
[With this medical report as proof, it's clear that Justin Salvador never used drugs-he was framed! This is solid evidence now!]
[Justin risked his life to save someone, yet those with ulterior motives took advantage of him. He was dismissed, investigated by the police, and nearly left with a lifelong stain on his reputation. These tactics are downright despicable!]
Then, a sharp comment appeared.
[Isn't the mastermind behind all of this none other than the current president of Salvador Corporation, Grant Salvador? He framed his own younger brother just to climb to the top. He was born a villain, a total scumbag!]
However, within seconds of appearing, the comment vanished from the livestream chat.
But no amount of bots or deleted comments could suppress the public's thirst for the truth. Waves of criticism and doubts about Grant erupted like an unstoppable flood, overwhelming every attempt to contain them.
On the stage, Arnold stood resolutely. The report in his hand was no longer just a stack of thin papers. It was an executioner's blade, aimed straight at Grant's weakest spot.
"Arnold..." Asher murmured his lover's name in a daze.
His broad chest rose and fell heavily, yet he felt breathless. The pain of self-blame tore through him, twisting and breaking him apart.
"Asher, go to him! Go to Arnold!" Ryan, sensing Asher's longing, whispered urgently.
"He is shining." Asher's voice was hoarse and rough. His lips trembled. "Ryan, I am afraid." Ryan was puzzled. "What are you afraid of?"
"I am afraid that my darkness will overshadow his light." Asher's eyes brimmed with unshed tears. His voice grew hoarse and faint until it was barely audible. "I still love him, and only him... But I no longer deserve to."
Once, they had been deeply in love and inseparable. Asher had kissed every inch of Arnold's skin, whispering passionately that Arnold was his sun.
But Arnold had disagreed. He had always said that beside Asher, he felt more like the moon. Asher would respond, "You are my sun. All the light I have comes from you."
At that thought, Asher lowered his head, tears falling one by one, leaving ripples of sorrow on the ground.
It was he who had shattered his own moon.
"Dr. Larson! Watch your words! How dare you disrespect President Salvador like this? You're slandering him!" Clarice's face twisted in rage, her entire body trembling with fury. Arnold's cheeky eyes narrowed slightly, carrying a hint of his former arrogance and wildness. "What a joke. I am not his dog why should I respect him?"
Clarice's expression stiffened and contorted. His words were a clear jab-calling her Grant's lapdog!
Arnold continued mercilessly, "Besides, does Mr. Grant even deserve respect for what he has done? Ever since Justin fell ill, how many troubles has he stirred up? How many disasters has he created? You two lunatics don't know your own limits?
"Justin is an upright, righteous man, known far and wide for his integrity. You lot are incompetent, so you resort to these despicable tricks to ruin him. Do you think a stolen throne can ever be secure?"
Bella's eyes glistened with tears of gratitude. She gazed at Arnold, her heart pounding with emotion. 'Arnold, you're so amazing! If Asher can't win Arnold back, then he might as well just be a monk!'
###chapter2451

Chapter 2451
Justin's eyes were blazing. He walked to Arnold's side, raised his trembling hand, and placed it heavily onto his shoulder.
The two men looked at each other solemnly. No words were needed.
Clarice was drenched in sweat. The evidence was irrefutable. At the moment, she could not think of a way to resolve the situation. All she could do was lash out in frustration, trying to confuse the narrative.
"Even if you have that report, at most, it only proves that Justin did not take drugs. It was all a misunderstanding! What evidence do you have that Mr. Grant was behind all this?"
Bella's expression was cold as frost. She approached Clarice step by step, her lips curving into a faint, mocking smile. "If it has nothing to do with the Boss, then does that mean it was all your own doing?"
Clarice's eyes widened in fury. She blurted out, "The Boss and I have never-
Suddenly, she froze.
Cold sweat erupted over her scalp, as if a bucket of ice water had been poured over her head.
Just now, she had addressed Grant as the Boss in front of everyone, which was his greatest taboo.
Clarice thought, 'This was all Bella's fault... That wretched woman! She had deliberately tricked me!'
At that moment, Grant's pale face betrayed no emotion.
Only the tense jawline and the pulsing vein at his temple revealed the ferocious, dark emotions he kept hidden.
"Misunderstanding?" Ryan stepped forward, standing beside Justin.
"You call this a misunderstanding? Because of you, my best friend was falsely accused of drug use! His reputation was ruined. He was detained in the interrogation room for days, only to be stripped of his position as the president once he got out. The entire corporation condemned him.
"Online trolls insulted and slandered him! And now you think you can brush it all off with a single word misunderstanding? If I killed your father and said it was a mistake, would that be enough to let it go?!"
His words were harsh, but every syllable struck with undeniable righteousness.
Clarice's face was drained of color. She could barely stand as her legs were trembling.
The reporters rushed forward, snapping photos of the diagnosis report in Arnold's hands.
They immediately drafted articles at lightning speed, pairing them with images and publishing headlines across official media platforms and websites.
Within minutes, the story dominated the top trending searches.
"Grant... Or should I say, the Boss?" Bella gazed at the man shrouded in darkness,
deliberately pausing between the two forms of address.
Grant's dark eyes narrowed slightly as he met her gaze, his lips curled upward. Even when filled with resentment toward her, he could still smile.
Justin watched the man smile at Bella. His tall frame trembled uncontrollably.
That smile was like a hidden threat. It had been so long since he felt this kind worry for Bella's safety.
"Your private doctor, Dr. Amaryllis claims you knew nothing and that you are innocent. But do you truly deserve to be called innocent?" Bella's voice was calm at first. Then, her beautiful eyes flashed as she unleashed a piercing glare.
"You listened to the whispers of schemers. Without solid evidence, you believed that Justin was using drugs. Rather than investigating the truth, you took advantage of the situation, kicking him while he was down. You sent your own younger brother to the police station and seized the chance to solidify your position, claiming everything that rightfully belonged to
him.
"Grant, you are blinded by greed. You are ruthless toward your own flesh and blood. You do not deserve your title. You're the one who should step down as the president of Salvador Corporation!"
###chapter2452

Chapter 2452
Meanwhile, in the hospital ward, Mila stayed by Jace's bedside as he lay unconscious.
At the same time, she turned on her phone. Like countless others, she was watching the shocking turn of events unfolding at the Salvador Corporation's press conference.
When she saw Justin caught in a whirlwind of public opinion and her long-absent nephew appearing to present one piece of evidence after another to turn the tide, she felt a mix of emotions. Pride and relief filled her heart, yet beneath it all, a faint worry lingered.
Even if Arnold and Asher never spoke about it, everyone in the family could see it clearly- they had broken up.
Arnold had vanished without a word and traveled to Meridan. During that time, he had only made a single call to assure her of his safety, speaking briefly before hurriedly hanging up.
Since then, Asher has rarely been home. Every time he appeared, his handsome face looked haggard. His once-bright eyes had dulled, shrouded in a perpetual gray haze of sorrow that refused to fade.
Mila felt immense heartache for both of them, but she had no idea what had happened between them.
Now, Arnold had returned to clear Justin's name, and he and Asher had a chance to meet again. Mila sincerely hoped that this opportunity would allow them to reconcile.
At that moment, a knock sounded at the door.
Mila responded. As the door opened, Wyatt's trusted aide, Quentin, strode in. Dust clung to his clothes from his hurried journey.
"Madam Mila, are you facing some difficulty"
The next second, Quentin's gaze landed on the unconscious Jace lying in the hospital bed. His body trembled violently. He rubbed his eyes hard, his voice shaking. "My god... The resemblance... How is this possible?"
"It is not just a resemblance. In my eyes, they are the same person." Tears welled in Mila's eyes as her trembling fingers gently traced the striking features of Jace's face. "Hugh is the son I carried in my womb. Even if he were reduced to ashes, I would still recognize him... He is Hugh. He definitely is!"
Quentin had never seen Mila so emotionally unstable. He felt uneasy as he spoke hesitantly. "I understand how you feel. But Young Master Hugh was in that plane crash. The aircraft went down at sea. The rescue teams searched the waters for a full month. Not a single survivor was found. The official report was issued long ago. There were no survivors."
Hearing those words, Mila's chest clenched with pain. She clung desperately to Jace's calloused hand as if grasping a lifeline.
Even after so many years, she still remembered everything about Hugh.
She remembered his hands-his fingers long and clean, his bones smooth as jade. But now, his hands were covered in grime, calloused, scarred, and stained with blood.
She did not even dare to imagine what her child had been through all these years.
Quentin stepped forward, his gaze locked onto Jace's face. "If he really is Young Master Hugh ... Then how did he survive a plane crash...?"
"That is why I need you to do something for me. You are discreet and reliable. I cannot trust anyone else with this." As she spoke, Mila carefully handed over a bloodstained handkerchief, sealed inside a plastic bag. "This contains his blood. I need you to..."
Quentin immediately understood. "You want me to do a DNA test?"
Mila nodded, her eyes brimming with tears. "Ever since our brief meeting in the hospital, I have been searching for Hugh in secret. Now that I have found him, I cannot.... I will not let him slip away again!
"But until we have definitive proof, don't tell Wyatt. His health is not what it used to be. I don't want him to suffer too much of a shock."
Quentin took a deep breath, feeling the weight of the responsibility placed on him. " Understood. I will take care of it immediately."
At the press conference, white flashes from the cameras flickered continuously between Bella and Grant.
Justin walked forward with unwavering steps, moving to stand beside Bella. Turning his eyes, he gazed at the proud and cold woman beside him. A fire burned in his stare, and his heart pounded violently.
Suddenly, a sharp, searing pain tore through his head. His temples throbbed, his veins bulging and pulsing as if they were about to burst.
At the same time, his body was racked with alternating waves of heat and cold. Underneath his suit, his frame trembled uncontrollably.
The attack came so suddenly that Bella and the others did not notice anything unusual.
But from his vantage point from above, Grant saw it all-the way the man clenched his jaw, suppressing his agony.
Grant curled his lips into an imperceptible, sinister smile.
So what if Justin had managed to reclaim some ground by joining forces with the Thompson family and Ryan Hoffman?
As long as Justin remained dependent on drugs, he would never be fit to inherit the Salvador Corporation. As long as Grant continued to control him, he would never deserve to stand beside Bella.
Justin would always remain beneath him, always.
At that moment, Bella's heart was surging with emotions. She turned to look at Justin, wanting to meet his gaze.
However, Justin was not looking at her.
Without sparing her a single glance, Justin turned away. Under the stunned gazes of the crowd, he strode toward the banquet hall's grand doors, disappearing without a word.
###chapter2453

Chapter 2453
Bella trembled. Her eyes were filled with loss and shock. "Justin..."
The blinding lights of the cameras erupted once more, capturing Justin's retreating figure. The crowd exchanged bewildered glances.
"Justin, where are you going?!" Ryan stared in astonishment.
Just as Ryan was about to chase after him, Ian abruptly stopped her. "Chairman Hoffman, let me go instead!"
With that, Ian took off in pursuit.
Ryan looked toward the wide-open doors, an inexplicable sense of foreboding rising in his mind.
"Ryan, stay here and watch over Bella. Arnold has left-I'm going to find him!" With a solemn expression, Asher strode away without hesitation.
"Hey! You!" Ryan clicked his tongue in frustration, grinding his teeth. "Why is it always me babysitting?!"
The reporters surged forward, surrounding Grant in an instant.
Clarice tried to shield him with her own body, but she was a delicate woman wearing high heels. The group of reporters shoved her around, leaving her utterly disheveled and embarrassed.
"Mr. Grant, when Mr. Justin has been removed, you stood to gain the most! After all, you took his position! There's growing suspicion from the public, claiming you orchestrated this, that this is an internal power struggle within the family-a ruthless battle between brothers! What do you have to say about these accusations?"
"Was it you who ordered the police investigation against Mr. Justin?"
Clarice trembled, cold sweat breaking out all over her body.
Yet, Grant remained astonishingly composed. His gaze cut through the crowd, locking onto Bella, who stood at the edge of the commotion. Her posture was unyielding as she stared coldly at him.
His voice was deep and steady, without the slightest tremor. It was as if every action he had taken was righteous, beyond reproach.
"First of all, you are all mistaken. I did not take anything from Justin. I merely reclaimed what was rightfully mine. The Salvador family has always passed down the position of successor to the eldest son. It was that way in my father's generation, and it is the same in mine. Now that I have returned from my recovery abroad, the presidency of Salvador Corporation belongs to me. Even if my brother had not been removed, the position should still be mine."
Grant spoke without a change in expression, as if it were an indisputable truth, acting completely shameless.
"Secondly, Salvador Corporation is a publicly traded company. The appointment and dismissal of its president is not my decision alone. Justin's removal was the result of a board resolution and vote. It had nothing to do with me."
Having said his piece, Grant cast one final, lingering look at Bella. The corner of his lips
curved into a sinister smile before he turned and strode away.
Bella felt her breath catch, and her skin felt clammy at the sight of his smile.
"Mr. Grant... Mr. Grant!"
Clarice, jostled by the reporters, lost her balance. With a thud, she fell to the floor, humiliated, surrounded by flashing cameras.
In the restroom of the hotel, Ian locked the door. Still uneasy, he pushed a cleaning cart against it for extra security. "Mr. Salvador! Are you alright?!"
Justin was no longer his usual tall and imposing self. He was curled up in the corner, trembling uncontrollably. His chiseled face was now deathly pale, drained of all the dignity and composure he once held.
He no longer resembled the proud and formidable man he used to be.
He was destitute, broken, and degenerate someone entirely different from his usual self. "Mr. Salvador, are you having...?" Ian dropped to his knees in front of him, eyes red with unshed tears.
Ian could not bring himself to say the words, 'Withdrawal from the drugs.'
He could not accept this reality.
For countless nights, he would have nightmares of Justin succumbing to his addiction in public-of him losing everything and his reputation in tatters. Every time, he woke up in terror.
"Ian... Ian..." Justin's entire body convulsed. Bloodshot eyes stared desperately at Ian as he stretched out his trembling hands. "Restrain me... Hurry... Tie me up!"
Ian wiped his tears fiercely and hurriedly pulled off his tie, wrapping it tightly around Justin's wrists, knotting it securely.
"No... No!" Justin's once-unshakable willpower was crumbling. Tears streamed uncontrollably down his face. "Medicine... Give me medicine..."
Ian shook his head, crying. "No! You cannot take that poison!"
"Then kill me!" Justin's eyes were bloodshot, laced with unbearable agony and despair. He howled, his tears and snot flowing together in an ugly, broken mess.
At that moment, Ian's chest clenched so tightly that he thought his heart might burst because there was a knock at the door.
###chapter2454

Chapter 2454
Ian held his breath as he stared at the barricaded restroom door, cold sweat drenching his back.
At this moment, Justin's eyes were full of tears, his gaze unfocused and his consciousness slipping away.
If no one was here to protect him during his withdrawal, he would be nothing more than a sacrificial lamb, waiting to be slaughtered.
Ian's eyes turned bloodshot. He clenched his teeth, grabbed a mop, and stepped toward the door. "Who is it?!"
"Ian, it's me—Arnold." A deep, steady voice came from the other side.
"Dr. Larson!"
The mop clattered to the ground. Ian's tears spilled over uncontrollably.
"Don't panic. I'm alone." Arnold paused before continuing, his voice low and urgent. "Justin is having a withdrawal episode, isn't he? Let me in."
Ian wiped his tears hastily and scrambled to remove the barricade, unlocking the door.
Arnold slipped his slender frame inside and swiftly relocked the door.
"Dr. Larson, please... Please save Mr. Salvador! No one else can help him now!"
Arnold took a deep breath and walked toward Justin step by step.
To keep him from thrashing, Ian had bound his wrists with his own tie and stuffed another tie into his mouth to prevent him from biting off his tongue.
"Justin..." Arnold knelt on one knee before him, his pale lips trembling, tears welling in his eyes.
"Arnold... Help me..." Justin's bloodshot eyes pleaded as his body convulsed uncontrollably. He could not stop trembling, nor could he stop the tears from streaming down his face. "I... I just want to die..."
"As long as I'm here, you won't die." Arnold immediately pulled a black cloth pouch from his coat. Unfolding it, he revealed a set of acupuncture needles and several vials of injectable medicine.
He extracted a needle and pierced it into Justin's temple, his voice firm and resolute.
"You are not only my friend-you are also my patient. If I can't cure you, then that is my failure as a doctor. If anything happens to you, I will take my own life to follow you."
Ian's eyes nearly popped out of his skull. 'Although Justin is perfect, and they have a close relationship, isn't this going too far?! If something happened to Arnold, what would become of Asher? And if something happened to Asher, what about Ms. Bella?!'
As Ian's mind spun into chaos, Arnold had already inserted needles into various acupoints along Justin's head and arms.
To Ian's astonishment, Justin's convulsions gradually subsided. Although he was still unconscious and his face remained deathly pale, he looked much better than before.
"How long has he been like this?" Arnold asked as he carefully untied the restraints.
Ian's throat tightened. "Actually... Even before you left, he was already struggling with this. He's been suppressing it all along, never telling anyone."
Arnold drew a syringe from his pouch, injecting medicine into Justin's arm. His brows furrowed deeply. "How long does each episode last?"
"In the early stages, about 15 to 30 minutes. But now... If he doesn't take anything, the pain tortures him through the entire night."
Arnold removed the needle, his chest tightening. "The drugs have seeped into his bones. It's slowly eating away at him."
Ian couldn't help but ask, "Dr. Larson, what did you just inject him with? As soon as you used it, his symptoms eased up-it's incredible!"
"Since leaving Savrow, I've been at a research lab in Meridan, searching for a way to neutralize the toxins in Justin's body and repair the damage to his brain."
Arnold looked at Justin's pale face, his expression dark with sorrow.
"But after thousands of experiments... I still can only relieve his symptoms. I have yet to find a cure."
His voice trembled slightly. "It's my incompetence as a doctor. It's my failure..."
###chapter2455

Chapter 2455
"Please don't say that! You've already done something incredible." Ian hurriedly reassured Arnold.
"Many people fail after spending their entire lives trying to quit ordinary drugs. What's more, Mr. Salvador has been taking high-concentration doses. The fact that you are able to ease his symptoms is already a huge breakthrough..."
"Arnold..." After a long silence, Justin's thoughts gradually cleared, but he felt so fragile.
"I'm here." Arnold leaned in and gently wiped the sweat and tears from his face with a tissue.
Justin panted heavily, his eyes dazed. "Keep my condition a secret... Especially from her." Arnold knew exactly who he meant. Aside from Bella, there was no one else.
He understood that this was not about Justin's pride as a man. He simply did not want her to see him like this. He did not want her to be disappointed in him.
Ian helped Justin up, holding him steady in his arms. "Dr. Larson, I hope you understand... The fewer people who know the truth about Mr. Salvador's health, the better."
Arnold gave a deep nod. "I understand."
With Ian's support, Justin forced himself to stand despite his wavering balance.
"Arnold... Asher has been looking for you all this time. Please stay, ok?"
"I'll give Ian the acupuncture methods and the medicine I prepared. From now on, he'll be the one treating you."
Arnold lowered his long lashes, his expression turned cold and resolute. There was not the slightest hesitation in his voice.
"Until I develop an effective antidote, I will not return to Savrow. Please do not tell Asher that I'm working in the Meridan lab. Even if I die, I never want to see him again."
Grant and Clarice struggled through the underground parking lot, surrounded by bodyguards.
Reporters swarmed them, bombarding them with relentless questions.
Though the live broadcast had ended, online discussions about today's scandal still raged on. The public outrage against Grant remained at its peak.
The perfect image he had carefully built since returning to the country was now tainted - marked by an ugly, irreparable crack.
Just as they were about to step into the car, four uniformed officers broke through the crowd and marched straight to Clarice.
"Ms. Amaryllis, you are under arrest for bribery, witness manipulation, and defamation. Come with us immediately."
"I... I..."
Clarice was seized by the officers. As she was being taken away, she turned to Grant with
desperate, pleading eyes.
Yet, Grant did not spare her a single glance. Without hesitation, he stepped into the car and shut the door.
Clarice's face went deathly pale and her heart sank.
The luxury car sped toward Tideview Manor.
"Young Master Grant, Ms. Amaryllis has been arrested. How do you plan to handle this?" The secretary in the front seat spoke cautiously.
Grant leaned back with his eyes closed, his voice chillingly quiet. "Where is Jace?"
"No updates yet..."
Grant's expression turned dark and sinister.
Just then, his phone rang. It was a call from Gregory.
"Dad," Grant answered in his usual calm, gentle tone, but his gaze was ice-cold and ruthless.
On the other end, Gregory's voice was thick with restrained fury. "Come home immediately. We need to talk."
###chapter2456

Chapter 2456
Asher searched every corner of the hotel, but the person he longed for was nowhere to be found.
"Ash!" Bella sprinted after him with all her strength, grabbing his stiff arm. "Don't panic! I'll help you find Arnold!"
"He's nowhere to be found... Nowhere!" Asher's straight back gradually bent, and droplets fell onto the floor, uncertain whether it was sweat or tears.
"Bella... I have a bad feeling. If I fail to bring Arnold back this time... I might lose him forever. I will have forever lost my soul mate..."
"No! If Arnold had truly given up on you, he wouldn't have come here today! The fact that he did means you still have a place in his heart!" Bella held onto Asher, trying her best to comfort him.
But pain burned deep in Asher's bloodshot eyes. He shook his head.
"Arnold returned only to testify for Justin. He came because he values loyalty and friendship. In his heart... I no longer have a place anymore."
"You do! You do! If Arnold truly didn't care about you, he would face you with indifference. He would act naturally, as if nothing had happened. But he ran away without a word. That means he's avoiding you. He's just..."
"He's just unwilling to see me. Seeing me only brings him pain and anger... Isn't that right?" Asher let out a bitter laugh. His heart was being ripped apart.
Just then, Ian approached the siblings. "Ms. Thompson. Mr. Asher."
Ian hesitated for a moment. His voice was hoarse as he looked at Asher. "Mr. Asher, you don't have to search anymore. Dr. Larson has already left the hotel."
Asher's voice was raw, his eyes bloodshot. "Where did Arnold go?!"
"He didn't say... But he asked me to relay a message."
Carrying a heavy burden, Ian lowered his voice. "Dr. Larson said... You don't need to look for him anymore. He doesn't want to see you right now."
He softened the words, unwilling to repeat Arnold's exact phrasing. It was too cruel, and he could not bring himself to say it.
Asher froze. It felt like his soul had been ripped from his body before it shattered into countless pieces mid-air.
"Ian, what about Justin? Has he left?" Bella pressed, her gaze burning with urgency.
Ian's throat tightened. "Yes. He's gone."
Bella stood still, frozen in place. Just as she opened her mouth to speak, Ryan stormed over." Justin is too much! How could he just leave without a word?! What kind of nonsense is this?!"
Ian took a deep breath, forcing himself to remain calm. "Mr. Salvador said his job here was done. There was no reason for him to stay. He had other matters to attend to, so he left first." "Goddamn it! I always suspected his brain wasn't working properly. Now, I'm sure of it! The
way he acts, he's practically a walking contradiction!" Ryan cursed, then turned to Bella, his voice softening.
"Bella, don't take it to heart. You know Justin-his mind isn't right. He does irrational things all the time. Seriously, don't get worked up over a man who's completely out of his mind!"
"Justin is right." Bella bit her lip. Her eyelashes fluttered before she straightened her back, standing tall. "He completed his task. There's nothing no one-worth making him stay."
She revealed a relieved and resolute smile. "As long as he feels at peace, that's all that matters. I won't blame him."
With that, she turned and walked away, swift and decisive.
"Bella!" Ryan panicked and immediately chased after her.
Despite his own heartbreak, Asher could not ignore Bella's distress. He was about to follow when Ian stopped him. "Young Master Asher!"
Asher halted before looking back. His eyes were dim, shaded with sorrow.
"Dr. Larson said he will stay in the country for a few more days. He might be in Hatchbay, or perhaps in Savrow. But within half a month, he will return to Meridan."
Ian took a deep breath before continuing.
"Mr. Asher, if you want to win him back, you have to find him first. But how, and where... That's something you'll have to figure out yourself."
Hearing this, Asher's eyes warmed up. He clenched his fists, then reached out and gave Ian a firm pat on the shoulder.
###chapter2457

Chapter 2457
Grant received Gregory's call during the day, but by the time he arrived at Tideview Manor, night had already fallen.
During this time, he had taken care of two matters.
First, he arranged for the best lawyers to secure Clarice's release as quickly as possible.
Second, he tried to contact Jace. But no matter what, he could not get through. Losing contact like this was unprecedented.
Grant's expression was dark and gloomy, like an impending storm.
As soon as he stepped inside, Paul approached with a solemn face, bowing slightly. "Young Master Grant, why are you only back now? Chairman Salvador has been waiting for you."
"I was busy." Grant paused briefly. Even now, he still managed to smile. "What about Justin? Did he return to Tideview Manor?"
Paul's expression grew complicated.
"After things became so tense between you and Young Master Justin, I doubt he will want to see you anytime soon. He probably won't be coming back here."
"Is that so? That's rather disappointing." Grant's lips curled in an ambiguous smile, his gaze was deep and unfathomable.
"So, he would rather believe appearances and trust the rumors from outsiders, than have faith in the brother who once saved him from despair and gave him a second chance at life." For some reason, Paul felt an inexplicable disgust upon hearing these words. But he had no right to comment. Silently, he led Grant into the study where Gregory awaited, then stepped out, shutting the door behind him.
"Grant! How did things end up like this?!"
For the first time, Gregory lost his temper with his eldest son. He flung an iPad onto the desk in front of him.
The screen was filled with scathing criticism.
"Did you really bribe a doctor to give false testimony to frame Justin as an addict? Was it just to strip him of his position as the president?! Do you realize how much damage this has done to his reputation? How much harm this has caused the Salvador Corporation?! "How could you destroy your own brother just for power?! You weren't like this before!" "Dad, please calm down." Grant lowered his eyes, dismissing the headlines with indifference.
"These are just baseless accusations. You don't need to take them to heart."
"My son is being labeled a drug addict! If I can turn a blind eye to this and feel nothing, then am I even human?!" Gregory was utterly enraged by Grant's apathy. His jaw tensed as anger flared in his chest.
It was not just the severity of the situation. It was the fact that, despite everything, Grant
remained unmoved.
Also, that look in Grant's eyes reminded Gregory of himself. When the news of his own brother's tragic death in prison reached Tideview Manor, Gregory had worn the exact same expression-the same cold indifference.
"Dad, you misunderstand me. I didn't set Justin up."
Grant remained as unyielding as steel. Not only that, he calmly poured himself a cup of tea. "Misunderstand?!" Gregory's fury surged. "At the press conference, the Thompson girl, the doctor you bribed, and that Larson boy-they all threw the evidence right in your face! Yet you still call this a misunderstanding?!"
His rage was not without reason. In his eyes, Justin had always been the more capable one. Promoting Grant had been a decision made out of necessity.
At times, Gregory could be rigid in his thinking, but he was not blind. Justin was the one who had helped him reach the pinnacle of Savrow's financial world. Justin was the one who had propelled Salvador Corporation to unprecedented heights.
If the situation had not forced his hand, he would never have given Justin's position to anyone else, not even Grant.
"So, what do you plan to do?"
Grant's brows furrowed slightly as he took a leisurely sip of tea.
There was a trace of impatience in Gregory's tone. "The public outcry is out of control! It's impossible to contain this situation anymore!"
Gregory took a deep breath, gritting his teeth.
"To give the company, the public, and Justin a proper explanation, you are to be temporarily suspended and I will personally take over as acting president!"
A chilling air swept through the study.
"Dad." Grant swirled the tea in his cup, watching the leaves float in the water. "Earlier, you asked me how I could betray my own brother for the sake of power. That's simple. I
inherited it from you. After all, I am your son."
Gregory felt as if he had been struck by lightning. His face turned pale.
"You... What did you just say?"
Grant's lips curled into a smile. A smile that was dark, eerie - like a demon orchestrating a symphony of the damned.
Grant whispered, "Did you think that you were the only one in this world who knew the truth about how your brother-my uncle-really died?"
###chapter2458

Chapter 2458
The casual remark exploded like a thunderclap in Gregory's ears.
His body quivered. A chill ran down his spine as his expression stiffened. "What nonsense are you spewing?! Are you saying I killed Gary? You are my son... How can you view your father with such suspicion?!"
"It's not a suspicion. I am merely stating facts." Grant crossed his long legs leisurely, sipping his tea with an air of composure. "But in truth, I have no intention of blaming you. On the contrary, I understand the decision you made. After all, you and I are facing the same predicament."
Gregory's breath hitched. The man before him, whom he had watched grow up, now seemed like a bloodthirsty predator poised to seize his throat.
"Back then, even though you were the eldest son and rightfully the heir, Grandpa favored Uncle Gary. He entrusted him with several promising projects, silently paving the way for him to take over the corporation. Over time, Uncle Gary's reputation in the company overshadowed yours. What struck you the hardest was that he was not only a capable businessman but also an outstanding leader. The only area where he fell short was his temperament. He was too kind and forgiving. Unlike you, who wielded power with ruthless precision."
Grant's voice was calm, recounting the events as if they were nothing more than everyday matters. "So, when the Salvador Corporation was caught in a bribery scandal, Uncle Gary stepped forward. For the sake of the family, for the sake of his dear elder brother, he willingly took the blame and went to prison."
Gregory turned deathly pale. A sharp pain gripped his heart.
A secret buried for 30 years was now laid bare. Yet what shocked him more was how Grant, merely an infant at the time, had come to know the truth.
"Even in death, my kind Uncle Gary probably never realized that from the moment he offered to take the fall, he had already stepped into your trap-one that would mean his demise."
Grant rested an elbow on the sofa's armrest, his long, pale fingers tapping lightly against his temple. "Let me guess... Hmm. To persuade him, you must have used me as leverage, playing the role of a pitiful father. After all, I was just a child. My mother was mentally unstable. If you were gone, our family would have collapsed.
"Meanwhile, Uncle Gary was still unmarried and childless-the perfect scapegoat. So, Dad, in the end, I was nothing more than a pawn in your game."
"You-!"
Gregory's heart pounded violently, on the verge of bursting. "Who filled your head with such twisted thoughts?!"
Instinctively, Gregory forgot to deny it. His only impulse was to uncover the source because what Grant said was not slander. It was the truth.
This dark secret was not just Gregory's greatest weakness; it was also Grant's greatest protection.
"In this world, there's no secret that can remain hidden forever... There will always be someone or something that will reveal what happened. There will be some traces of any murder committed."
Grant slowly set down his teacup. "All these years, I doubt you have ever forgotten my kind Uncle Gary. Nor have you forgotten that you bribed the prison doctor to inject him with a drug that induced cardiac arrest, killing him in his cell. You even had the doctor forge the death report, perfectly disguising the murder as an accident."
Suddenly, Grant's gaze turned sharp, like a blade pressing against Gregory's throat.
"Dad, you and I are the same-we are both creatures of sin."
Gregory's pupils widened in shock. His entire being trembled. He could hardly believe that the son he had trusted now wielded his darkest secret as a weapon, threatening him. "Justin is capable, but he is too much like Uncle Gary-too kind and sentimental. Someone like that is unfit for business, let alone lead the Salvador Corporation."
Grant slowly stood. In Gregory's eyes, he seemed like a towering monster, rising from the abyss to engulf the sky.
He stepped closer, placing his pristine hand on Gregory's slumped shoulder. His fingers tightened with oppressive force.
"Dad, only I can usher in a new era for the Salvador Corporation. Though Justin's past achievements are commendable, they are insignificant compared to my grand vision. "Since you have chosen me, you must believe that your decision is the only right one." Gregory stared at Grant with panic-stricken eyes, his heart palpitating.
In the early hours of the morning at the Thompson Hospital.
When Jace gained consciousness, it took him a long moment to process the fact that he was lying in a hospital bed.
###chapter2459

Chapter 2459
The hospital room was illuminated by the dim glow of the bedside lamp. It was quiet and tranquil, yet there was a lingering warmth Jace had never known.
Somehow, it felt familiar.
Pain spread through every inch of his body as he struggled to sit up.
Suddenly, his gaze froze.
Mila was lying by the bedside, her hair slightly disheveled, her eyelids swollen as if she had been crying.
Jace could tell the middle-aged woman was sleeping soundly.
His body tensed as he stared at her in a daze, his breath growing shallow.
He leaned closer, his pale face inching toward hers. His fingers twitched as there was an inexplicable urge rising within him an impulse to reach out and touch her.
At that moment, Mila's long lashes trembled. Her lips parted as she murmured in her sleep. "Hugh... Hugh... Mommy misses you so much..."
As she whispered, a silent tear slipped from the corner of her eye, tracing a delicate path down her face.
A sharp pang clenched Jace's heart. Without thinking, he reached out, his rough fingertips gently wiping away the tear.
The instant his skin touched hers, a jolt of electricity surged through his body, spreading to every nerve. His temples throbbed with a dull ache.
Yet, inexplicably, he craved this sensation. He wished this moment could last a little longer. At that moment, Mila's brows furrowed. Jace hesitated before slowly withdrawing his hand.
By the time Bella arrived at the hospital, it was already 6:00 a.m.
"Aunt Mila!" She burst through the door, panting.
In the faint morning light, Mila stood motionless beside the bed, staring at the empty sheets in a daze.
"He's gone..."
A chill ran down Bella's spine. "G-Gone?!"
Mila turned to her, a sorrowful smile in her tear-filled eyes. "Don't misunderstand. He left... He's not dead."
"Oh..." Bella exhaled in relief, though her heart still pounded.
Even so, she felt a pang of disappointment.
After all, if they had spoken to Jace, they might have learned Yvonne's whereabouts.
"Madam Mila, the results are in!"
At that moment, Quentin rushed in, clutching a report, his face alight with excitement.
Upon seeing Bella, he hesitated, words faltering on his lips.
"It's alright. Bella is not an outsider. Speak freely."
"There's no need." Bella drew a deep breath, her gaze locking onto Mila's tear-streaked eyes. Slowly, she spoke, enunciating every word.
"I already know, Aunt Mila. You must have been investigating Jace's true identity. You're right. He is indeed your son, Hugh-my long-lost fifth brother."
###chapter2460

Chapter 2460
The atmosphere in the hospital room was stifling.
Mila and Quentin stood frozen, staring at Bella in utter shock.
"Ms. Bella, you... You knew all along that the boy was Young Master Hugh?" Quentin's voice trembled with disbelief.
"Yes." Bella pressed her lips together, lowering her lashes. "Last time, when Ralph took his cigarette butt for a DNA test... We already knew the results."
"So you and Ralph both knew that he was my Hugh... Yet you conspired to keep it from me?!" Mila stepped forward, her shoulders shaking, her eyes were red with restrained emotion.
A pang of guilt pierced Bella's heart. She hesitated before whispering, "Aunt Mila, I'm sorry ... If you must blame someone, blame me. It was my idea-it had nothing to do with Ralph."
Mila's gaze locked onto hers, unwavering. Without realizing it, tears streamed down her face.
"You have no idea what I have endured all these years without Hugh. Wyatt, Camilla, Celeste, and Sasha they all told me to let go. I forced myself to move past the grief of losing my child and accept the possibility that Hugh was gone, his body lost forever.
"But I never let go. Not for a single second. Night after night, I dreamed of Hugh standing before me, drenched from head to toe, whispering over and over, 'Mom... The water is so cold...""
A heavy sigh escaped Quentin's lips, while Bella trembled, overwhelmed with sorrow.
Mila's tears fell uncontrollably, her reddened eyes swirling with anguish. "Bella, you knew everything and still kept it from me. Do you not see how presumptuous and cruel you have been to me?"
For the first time, the woman who had treated Bella as her own daughter and spoiled Bella more than her own children raised her voice.
At this moment, pain consumed Mila, stripping away her usual composure.
"I'm sorry..." Bella apologized again, choking on her words.
"Madam Mila, I understand how you feel," Quentin interjected, unable to bear Bella being scolded. "But you have watched Ms. Bella grow up. You know what kind of person she is. She is not reckless or thoughtless. I believe she must have had her reasons for keeping it from you."
Bella's voice was hoarse with urgency. "Aunt Mila, Hugh is in great danger."
Mila's entire body tensed.
"He lost his memory after the plane crash. Right now, he is being manipulated and used. The person controlling him could take his life at any moment. If his identity is exposed or he loses that person's trust, he will be in immediate danger.
"That's the reason I kept it from you and Wyatt. I was afraid that your love for him would cloud your judgment."
Mila's heart pounded violently. Her bloodshot eyes widened. "Who is using Hugh?" Bella shook her head. "Aunt Mila, I'm sorry. For both your safety, I cannot tell you yet." "Earlier today, on the road, a group of people tried to kill Hugh... Who were they?" Mila grasped her hand tightly, her worry mounting. "If what you say is true, that the mastermind still has a use for Hugh-why would they try to kill him?"
Bella was stunned. Her gaze darkened with thought.
Hugh had not yet regained his memory, and Grant was in need of capable men. Why, then, would he try to eliminate Hugh?
Unless... There was a third force at play someone who wanted to sever Grant's right-hand man before he could be fully utilized.
The situation was far more complex than she had imagined.
A heavy weight settled over Bella's heart, but she forced herself to reassure Mila. "Aunt Mila, don't worry. Hugh is not the same as before. He is terrifyingly strong now. Not just anyone can harm him."
"Not just anyone?" Mila's voice cracked. "Do you have any idea... The doctors said that if Hugh had arrived at the hospital a moment later, he would not have survived!"
Overwhelmed, Mila could barely breathe. Bella rushed to soothe her, gently patting her back.
"Bella... I finally found Hugh. If I lose him again... I don't want to live."
"That won't happen, Aunt Mila. This time, I swear I will bring Hugh home safely!"
Just then, Mila's phone vibrated.
She glanced down.
A blinking red dot moved steadily southward on the map.
Bella's eyes widened. "Aunt Mila, this is...?"
Mila gripped the phone, her knuckles turning white.
"While Hugh was unconscious, I installed a tracker on his phone. Savrow is too big, and I have no other way to find him. This is my only option."
Bella inhaled sharply. She could not help but marvel-Wyatt's women were truly not to be underestimated.
After disappearing from the hospital without a word, Jace wasted no time in returning to Grant to report.
The dimly lit room was silent.
Grant sat in his wheelchair with his back to him, facing the window. His reflection in the
glass was blurred, sharp, and unreadable.
"Sir, I apologize. The mission failed."
Jace stood stiffly, his face as pale as death.
Grant spoke slowly. "You have served me well for years, always reliable. So, I will give you a
chance to explain."
Jace's dark lashes trembled. He lowered his gaze.
"I was ambushed on my way there."
"Oh?" Grant turned his wheelchair slightly, his expression laced with intrigue.
"There were many of them. I was outnumbered. I took a blade to the shoulder."
Jace yanked his collar aside, exposing a jagged wound as proof.
In the dim light, Grant's gaze settled on the wound, unreadable and deep as the abyss.
"But regardless, I failed in my duty. If you wish to punish me, I accept it without complaint."
Jace's tone was steady, his posture unwavering.
"I know who was behind the attack."
Jace stiffened. "You do?"
"Their target was not you. It was me."
From his coat, Grant pulled out a single playing card-King of Spades.
With a flick of his fingers, he sent it flying to the floor at Jace's feet.
###chapter2461

Chapter 2461
Jace pursed his lips as he bent down and picked it up.
This King of Spades card was an entry pass to the King's Club.
"The one who targeted me was-" Jace's eyes darkened, fingers tightening around the card.
"My dear uncle-who always claimed to treat me like his own." Grant's lips curled into a cold, eerie smile.
"He wants to take advantage of my conflict with Justin, seizing the opportunity to weaken my forces so he can gain control over me more easily.
"Since he was sentenced to life for murder and escaped from prison, he hasn't set foot in the country. All his power is entrenched in Sentania and I'm the only remaining Fowler family member.
"Since Fowler Corporation declared bankruptcy, this is a move to take over the domestic market. Now, my dear uncle is willing to take such a risk just to deal with me. He even sent his men to Savrow, waiting for a chance to strike at those around me.
"It's truly a generous gift. It seems he doesn't trust his only remaining kin."
Jace's long lashes drooped, his gaze dark. "He fears that you will outshine him."
A sneer escaped Grant's lips. "Outshine him? Lucas is nothing more than a stepping stone for me. I used him to secure influence abroad and gain entry into the King's Club. Once the new drug is developed, I will replace him as a VIP member of the club." His eyes gleamed with ambition, envisioning his future empire.
"The new drug.' A sharp throb pulsed in Jace's temples as a name flashed through his mind. ' Yvonne... That pitiful woman is still imprisoned in an abandoned hospital room and tormented endlessly, destined to become a mere sacrifice in a drug experiment.'
His brow furrowed slightly, but his tone remained indifferent. "What's your next move?" "No matter what, I must secure the A5 project. That is my ticket into the King's Club_" Before Grant could finish, a shrill ringtone shattered the night's silence.
Grant glanced at his phone. His refined features darkened as he slowly answered. "Mayor." A raspy cough came through the receiver before the Mayor forced out a dry chuckle. "Mr. Salvador... I apologize for disturbing you at such a critical time, given all the turmoil surrounding Salvador Corporation..."
Grant ran out of patience, so his voice turned cold. "Get to the point."
"It's about the A5 project. I think we need to reconsider..." The Mayor hesitated before continuing, "Salvador Corporation's stock has been plummeting these past two days. The press conference fiasco has left your reputation in crisis.
"Under such tense circumstances, if I continue to favor you, I'll be accused of favoritism. If this gets investigated, not only will Salvador Corporation lose the project, but I might even get called in for questioning by the disciplinary committee..."
"So, what you mean is you plan to find another partner and cut ties with me?" Grant's eyes turned icy and unreadable.
"No, no! I wouldn't go that far!" The Mayor quickly backtracked. "I just think it's best to look at the big picture. If this deal doesn't work out, there's always next time!"
He hurriedly added, "Keep me around, and I'll remain as the Salvador Corporation's strongest connection in Savrow. I recently got my hands on a government-approved file for a cultural city project. The bidding will take place in three years. I guarantee Salvador Corporation will win that project! You have my word!"
"Three years? Mayor, how very considerate of you." Grant's tone dripped with sarcasm." But why don't you take a look at something before making your decision?"
His slender fingers moved across the screen, sending a file.
Moments later, the Mayor's sharp inhale came through the speaker, his voice trembling with fury and panic.
"You... You set me up?! You did this to me?!"
The video on his screen showed the Mayor stark naked on a plush sofa, with two equally unclothed women crawling at his feet.
If this footage were leaked, it would spell complete and utter ruin for the Mayor.
Grant's voice remained indifferent. "You're overreacting."
He glanced at Jace, who immediately stepped forward and poured him a fresh cup of tea.
"I simply recorded your glorious moment, just in case you ever needed a reminder that we are on the same boat."
The Mayor's voice was hoarse with anger, "You-!"
Grant sipped his tea, unbothered. His voice turned darker. "The gift I prepared for you isn't just this. There's also a record of your extravagant spending at my establishments over the past year. If I hand that account book over to the prosecution, do you think the Savrow government will award you with a 'Model Citizen' banner?"
"N-No... No! Mr. Salvador, let's talk this through!" Panic overtook the Mayor's voice. Grant's tone dropped to an icy command. "The A5 project belongs to me. I will have it."
###chapter2462

Chapter 2462
The Mayor tried to reason with Grant. "But right now, Salvador Corporation is in the eye of the storm. If I force the project into your hands and the higher-ups decide to investigate, I won't be able to escape responsibility!"
Grant said, "If they investigate, I might not be able to save your position, but I can assure you a lifetime of wealth. But if you choose to go against me, you won't just lose your position. You'll be left with nothing."
Under the moonlight, Grant toyed with an exquisite antique teacup in his hand. His half- closed eyes radiated a chill. "You worked so hard to climb to where you are today. Do you really think you can stomach losing everything?"
After ending the call, he glanced at Jace, who stood motionless at his side. A faint smirk lifted his lips.
"Clarice is still in custody. It'll take another two days before she's released. The lab needs someone to oversee things. Jace, I'll have to trouble you with this."
Jace stiffened in surprise. "I failed in my task. You aren't punishing me?"
Grant's smile was unreadable. "It wasn't your fault. You were ambushed. Otherwise, I know you wouldn't have let me down."
Leaving the villa, Jace slid into his car, only to realize his thin shirt was already drenched in cold sweat.
He had followed Grant for years, regarding him as an adopted parent, never once feeling fear.
But this time, hesitation, conflict, unease, and guilt twisted into something darker-an unspoken terror clawing at his chest.
What was he afraid of?
Was it the changes within him that he could no longer control-the fear that Grant might see through them?
Suppressing the discomfort gnawing at him, Jace lit a cigarette, inhaling deeply as he sped down the winding mountain roads.
He was not sure how long he had been driving when he suddenly realized something.
His gaze snapped to the rearview mirror to see a black luxury car tailing him.
Jace's eyes narrowed. He floored the gas pedal, executing a flawless drift at the next turn. The tires screeched against the pavement, smoke curling into the night as he left the pursuer far behind.
Meanwhile, at Yara Park-
Mila paced anxiously around the room, staring at her phone's tracker.
Bella had dropped everything to stay by her side, trying to make up for her past mistakes.
Just then, a call came in from one of Mila's men.
"Madam Mila, the signal around the mountain roads is terrible. It keeps cutting in and out. I think I'm getting closer to the target you gave me, but I can't be sure if it's really him!"
Mila's heart clenched. "But now you're moving away from the target again!"
Her subordinate sounded helpless. "Madam Mila, I'm so sorry! But that guy's driving skills are insane-he lost me with a single turn!"
Mila turned to Bella. "Bella, why would Jace be near the mountain roads? Does he live there?"
"Maybe." Bella hesitated, unwilling to reveal that Grant's private villa was in the area, fearing that Mila would act recklessly out of concern.
"Oh no, the signal's gone!" Mila exclaimed in distress.
"Don't panic, Aunt Mila. The signal in the mountains is weak. It'll come back once he reaches a better area," Bella reassured her gently.
Then, her expression turned serious.
"But you must promise me you can only track him in secret. You can't show yourself in front of Hugh, and you absolutely cannot approach him on your own. Can you promise me that?"
Mila's gaze darkened. After a long pause, she nodded.
Arnold had made a stunning appearance at the press conference, only to vanish just as quickly.
Since then, Asher has not slept.
He had contacted his former subordinates, including Yuri, and enlisted the help of Ryan and Sasha. Together, they mobilized the Hoffman family and the Southern Star Syndicate, scouring both Savrow and Hatchbay for any trace of his lost love.
By the third day, at the break of dawn, Asher wandered the empty streets like a lost soul.
Suddenly, his phone rang. It was Yuri.
"Boss! You better get your ass over here! I found him!" Yuri's voice cracked with excitement.
Standing in the cold night, Asher's heart clenched. His entire body trembled. "Where's Arnold?!"
"He's at a gay bar. I'm sending you the address now!"
###chapter2463

Chapter 2463
The glamorous bar was bustling with noise. The deafening music, the haze of cigarette smoke, and the stench of alcohol flooded one's senses.
The place seemed to be steeped in indulgence and depravity.
"Where's Arnold?"
The moment Asher stepped through the door, every ravenous gaze was on him, seemingly bewitched by the sight of him.
"Handsome, are you here alone? Need some company?" A sultry man slid up to Asher,
resting a hand lightly on his shoulder, daring to give it a squeeze. "If you're bored, I can keep you entertained!"
Asher's striking features remained cold and forbidding. The bulging veins twisted beneath the skin of his hand.
Yuri pushed through the crowd and spotted Asher, who stood tall and imposing, surrounded by thirsty, promiscuous men.
Terrified, he shouted, "Don't touch him!"
The next second, a loud thud rang through the air.
Like a gunshot fired, the entire crowd recoiled, shrieking as they scrambled to the edges of the room.
Yuri focused his gaze.
The man called "The Matrix" stood firm, immovable as a mountain. Meanwhile, that flirtatious man lay sprawled at his feet, clutching his backside, writhing in pain.
Yuri sighed. The Matrix never cared about being gentlemanly to people he didn't care about.
"Where is Arnold?" Asher stepped over the fallen man, heading straight for Yuri.
"At the bar. I'll go with you!"
"No need," Asher said hoarsely. His gaze swept past Yuri, then he strode into the crowd, his commanding figure still dazzling even as he disappeared.
Yuri's thoughts churned. He let out a quiet sigh.
Asher was right. Arnold was nothing like Kairos.
Kairos was gentle, quiet, and even virtuous. Aside from work, he never set foot in places like this and never tangled with dubious men.
Asher had once said that being with Kairos made him feel at peace, at ease. Yuri always assumed that meant Asher preferred someone like that—a tender, understanding partner, the kind of person who smoothed over all rough edges.
But now, it seemed that was not the case.
Aside from that breathtakingly beautiful face, Arnold was a wild stallion through and through, completely stubborn to the bone. He was the complete opposite of Kairos in every way, constantly testing Asher's limits.
Before, Yuri thought Asher tolerated Arnold only because of that face. Now he knew better.
Asher was hopelessly in love with Arnold, not just the exterior. He loved Arnold-flaws and all. He especially loved Arnold's untamed spirit.
This love had already surpassed what he once felt for Kairos.
Arnold lounged at the bar, dressed in a lavender silk shirt, the buttons undone to reveal his sharp collarbones and smooth, fair skin. His drunken gaze wavered as a man poured him another drink.
The man's eyes burned with greed. "I spotted you the moment I walked in. You are exactly my type!"
Such a cheap, uninspired line, yet it sent Arnold into peals of laughter. He turned his face slightly, revealing the scar on his cheek, his voice laced with mockery.
"What about now? Am I still your type?"
The man froze, eyes locked on the cross-shaped scar. Then, unable to resist, he reached out to touch it.
"Beautiful... You are my Venus."
Unfortunately, the man never got the chance. In a flash, Arnold sprang onto a stool, then leaped onto the high stage where shirtless dancers writhed against poles.
Under the hypnotic lights, Arnold was pure seduction, a creature of untamed allure. He seized every ravenous gaze in the room.
The man who had been flirting with him all but drooled, scrambling toward the stage. But before he could climb up, pain shot through his wrist, followed by a crisp snap.
He screamed. Then, as though weightless, he was lifted into the air before crashing hard onto the floor.
Gasps of shock rippled through the crowd.
A dark shadow loomed over his pale, fear-stricken face. Asher lifted his leg, planting a foot onto the man's stomach with crushing force-enough to nearly squeeze out his last meal.
"If he is Venus, then guess who I am?" Asher said coolly.
The man trembled violently.
"I am Mars." Asher's bloodshot gaze locked onto Arnold, who swayed drunkenly under the flashing lights.
He stepped forward, swift and precise, vaulting onto the stage in a single bound.
Music and alcohol fueled Arnold's indulgence. His thoughts drifted, unaware that the man before him was watching with tear-soaked eyes.
###chapter2464

Chapter 2464
That gaze was filled with burning emotions--both affectionate and sorrowful.
Asher looked at the man in front of him, his gaze blurring, before sharpening again.
"Are you new here? How much for a night?" Lost in a drunken daze, Arnold smirked like a cunning fox. His slender fingers traced the sharp contours of Asher's face, stroking gently.
"Handsome, I will give you that... but-" Arnold's gaze darkened. "Why do you look so much like someone I hate to death?"
A sharp pang seized Asher's chest, but he seized the moment, wrapping an arm around Arnold's waist. His fingers trembled as he pulled him close.
"I'm a newcomer here. Mr. Larson, would you be kind enough to help me hit my performance target?"
Arnold's fox-like eyes shimmered, unfocused, as he stared up at him.
Asher's eyes reddened, his scorching palm pressed firmly against Arnold's waist. His voice, deep and low, carried a promise.
"I swear, I will not disappoint you."
Down below, Yuri clung to the edge of the stage, eavesdropping on the shameless words spilling from Asher's mouth. A shiver ran down his spine.
Yuri thought, 'Is this still The Matrix that I knew? How unbelievably shameless!'
Asher's intoxicating voice and warm breath cascaded down Arnold's neck, causing a tingling sensation that made the latter tremble.
Arnold's vision wavered. Slowly, he recognized the heartbreakingly familiar face before him. Rage and agony exploded in his chest.
He struggled in Asher's arms, but drunk as he was, his body had turned soft, refusing to cooperate. However, the rage in his bloodshot eyes could not be hidden. "Get away... Don't touch me!"
However, Asher would not give Arnold another chance to push him away. He lifted Arnold into his arms, leaping off the stage in one fluid movement.
Gasps of shock rippled through the room as he strode out without hesitation.
At six feet tall, Arnold stood on the taller side among men. Yet in Asher's arms, he was effortlessly carried as though he were light as a feather, as if he had always been a part of Asher.
Yuri clicked his tongue, trailing behind like a dog. 'For Arnold, The Matrix has truly transformed, giving his all without holding anything back.'
Asher's imposing figure disappeared from the nightclub. Just as Yuri reached the door, he paused suddenly, then spun around, only to find nothing behind him.
"Strange..." He scratched his head. Just now, he could have sworn someone had been watching from the shadows.
"Asher... Get out... I do not want to see you!"
Asher placed Arnold in the back seat of the luxury car.
The drunken beauty thrashed, kicking and flailing. Though intoxicated, Arnold was still a man-his fists and feet landed with enough force that Yuri winced just watching.
Yet Asher's gaze remained impossibly tender. Every movement was careful, as if terrified of hurting Arnold and causing him the slightest discomfort.
"Urgh-!"
Perhaps it was the intense dancing, or maybe the sudden stillness, Arnold's stomach churned violently.
He lurched forward, clutching Asher, then doubled over, vomiting all over his expensive, custom-made suit.
Witnessing the disaster unfold live, Yuri felt his scalp explode.
Asher had a serious cleanliness obsession. If it were him, he would have gone insane.
Yet Asher merely reached into his jacket, pulled out a handkerchief, and patiently wiped Arnold's mouth, completely ignoring his own state.
How considerate! It was borderline disgusting.
Asher even clung to Arnold, despite such a filthy, messy embrace.
"Arnold, what must I do for you to forgive me?" Asher gently gripped his shoulders, locking onto his tear-soaked, misty eyes.
His voice wavered with each word. "Tell me... What must I do for you to give me another chance?"
Arnold let out a cold laugh.
He stared at Asher with listless eyes, biting his lips so hard it seemed he might draw blood.
"Asher... You want me to forgive you?" His voice trembled with bitterness. "You used me as a substitute and used me to fill the hole in your heart. You used me as an outlet to vent your emotions."
His breath hitched as his rage and anguish tangled together. Tears welled up, but he refused to let them fall. "How does someone as despicable as you even have the audacity to ask for my forgiveness..."
Arnold said through gritted teeth. "Why don't you just die? If you die, then maybe-just maybe I will forgive you!"
###chapter2465

Chapter 2465
Asher felt the agonizing words pierce straight through his heart, each syllable cutting deeper than the last.
Pain twisted inside him as a relentless force threatened to tear him apart.
Through the haze, Arnold vaguely noticed a crimson tear welling in the corner of Asher's eye. But before it could fall, he clenched his eyes shut, forcing it back.
His striking features were empty, devoid of any trace of emotion-a mask of quiet devastation.
Yet, an unbearable anguish crashed over him like a tidal wave, dragging him under. He had no time to school his expression. His soul lay in ruins beneath the rigid shell of his body. Yuri slid into the driver's seat and shut the door. Just then, Arnold lurched forward, retching again. The sound was gut-wrenching, as if he were vomiting up his very soul.
"Matrix, Mr. Larson looks like he has alcohol poisoning. We should take him to the hospital." Yuri's brows knitted together in worry as he noted Arnold's pallid face.
Asher shrugged off his suit jacket, using it to wipe away the mess in the car. But when he saw Arnold groaning in pain, his chest tightened. His heart twisted as though it were being ripped apart.
Without warning, he pulled the man into a firm embrace.
He knew Arnold's drinking tolerance well. He was not one to get drunk easily, let alone to this extent.
How much pain must he have been in to drown himself like this to destroy himself like this? "Thirsty... So thirsty... So hot..."
Arnold's pale face gradually flushed with color. His eyes glistened with moisture, and his slightly parted lips were tinged with a delicate pink. His feverish and unsteady breath spilled against Asher's chin as his body sagged, melting into the man's embrace.
"Yuri, what's happening? He's burning up!" Asher pressed his palm against Arnold's skin through the thin silk of his shirt. The heat was scorching and unnatural.
"Matrix, something is very wrong!"
Yuri had been a doctor for years. He had seen enough in the underworld to recognize the symptoms immediately. His expression darkened.
"Mr. Larson has been drugged. Someone must have spiked his drink!"
Asher's gaze turned ice-cold. His mind flashed back to the man who had been shamelessly flirting with Arnold earlier. His jaw clenched, his fingers tightening around Arnold's waist. He pulled out his phone, his voice clipped and lethal as he gave a single command. Minutes later, the man who had dared target Arnold was dragged out of the bar's back door like a piece of discarded trash. He disappeared into a dark, filthy alley.
There was no need to describe what happened next.
"Matrix, Mr. Larson won't last much longer! We need to take him to a hospital now!" Yuri
urged anxiously.
"No need. I got him."
Asher's collar was in complete disarray, his neck marred with deep, angry scratch marks. Yet none of it mattered. He only looked down at the man in his a arms,
his eyes filled with
unwavering tenderness.
"Take us to KS World Hotel."
Late at night, the cold moon hung in the sky, casting its pale glow over the world.
Tideview Manor was eerily silent, swallowed by darkness.
Justin's sharp brows furrowed as he walked alone down the grand corridor. The air felt heavy, the silence almost oppressive. Finally, he stopped in front of Gregory's study.
He knocked. A low voice answered from within.
Pushing the door open, he stepped inside. Gregory sat alone on the sofa, downing one glass of strong liquor after another.
"Dad, your blood pressure is high. You shouldn't be drinking liquor like these."
Justin strode forward, reaching out to move the half-empty bottle of whiskey aside. His long lashes lowered slightly, masking his unreadable expression.
Gregory's grip on the glass faltered. He lifted his head, his once-proud and commanding eyes now clouded with exhaustion.
Justin rarely saw his father like this. Suspicion flickered in his mind, but his voice remained steady.
"It's late. Why did you call me here? Is something wrong?"
"Justin..."
Gregory swallowed another mouthful of liquor, his voice hoarse and drained.
"Tomorrow is the board meeting. There's something I need to tell you in advance. I won't change my decision. Your elder brother will remain the president of Salvador Corporation." His chapped lips parted slightly, as though he wanted to say, I'm sorry. It was an apology for his son, who had endured so much and sacrificed more than he ever should have.
But his foolish pride held him back. In the end, he swallowed the words, letting the guilt fester in silence.
"Dad, I understand. You've always felt guilty toward Grant. Now that he's back, you want to do everything you can to make it up to him."
Justin stood before him, his deep eyes unwavering.
"But all of this must be done with the company's best interests in mind. For years, you
drilled that lesson into me. I have never forgotten it. Have you?"
Gregory clenched his jaw, unable to meet his son's gaze.
How could he ever forget?
###chapter2466

Chapter 2466
Salvador Corporation was his blood and sweat, too.
"He orchestrated everything-framed me for drug use and bribed my attending physician to give false testimony-just to bring me down. If he dared to strike against me today, what's stopping him from using even more ruthless, treacherous methods tomorrow?"
Seeing his father remain silent, Justin took a slow, deep breath, forcing down the anger surging within him.
"Fine. Even if you insist that my conflict with him is a family matter, Grant's reputation has already plummeted, and the stock price remains volatile. Even now, you're determined to protect him at all costs."
"Grant has explained everything to me. He wasn't aware of the bribery incident. It was his subordinate the female doctor-who acted behind his back. She has already been arrested. The negative rumors surrounding your brother will fade in time..."
Justin listened in silence, his heart tightening with every word. A bitter emotion rose in his throat, thick and suffocating.
He had lost his mother's love too early, and he had never dared to hope for love from his father. He was not one to dwell on sentimentality.
Yet, at this moment, he still wished-just once-that his father would stand by his side. But it seemed that even in death, that day would never come.
"If the outcome will be clear by dawn, why tell me in advance tonight? Do you see me as so weak that I can't even bear this much?"
Burying the deep disappointment within him, Justin offered a polite bow. Before leaving, he reached for the half-empty bottle of whiskey and walked out of the study in silence.
As the door shut behind him, Gregory could no longer hold himself upright. His back slumped inch by inch, his hands covering his face as he rubbed it hard, his shoulders trembling uncontrollably.
The weight pressing down on him was unbearable, leaving him breathless.
It was the suffocating, inescapable feeling of failure.
Back then, in the courtroom, when Shannon was sentenced to death, he had realized he was a failed husband.
Now, he had no choice but to admit that he had also utterly failed as a father.
On his way back to his room, Justin ran into Paul.
"Young Master Justin." Paul bowed respectfully.
Justin pressed his lips together briefly before speaking in a low voice. "My father seems to be in a bad mood. He drank quite a bit of strong liquor. Check his blood pressure before he sleeps."
Paul's expression shifted, his eyes flickering with something unspoken. "Young Master Justin, I did not expect that at this point, you would be the one most concerned about
Chairman Salvador."
Justin caught the underlying meaning in those words but chose not to address it. Instead, he asked calmly, "Paul, you have been by my father's side for over twenty years. He trusts you more than he trusts me. If you have something to say, go ahead."
Paul clenched his teeth before letting out a hoarse sigh. "Young Master Justin, I know tonight's conversation with Chairman Salvador was difficult. But I hope you won't resent him for this he has his reasons."
Justin's gaze darkened. "What reasons?"
Paul bit his lip hard. After a pause, his voice turned raspy. "I'm sorry. I can't say. But still, I hope..."
"I have no reason to resent him." Justin met his gaze, calm and unwavering.
"First of all, he is the chairman of the company. The authority I hold comes from him. We are not just father and son-we are also superior and subordinate. As for his decision today, I can only say that I deeply regret it.
"Secondly, if this had been in the past, I might have taken your words into consideration. But now, power and status are no longer my priorities. What I truly wish for is for my father to live a long and healthy life."
With that, he offered a faint, unreadable smile and walked away with effortless ease.
Paul stood frozen in place, his fists clenching tightly.
*
The next morning in Salvador Corporation's conference room.
After the media press conference ignited a public outcry, an emergency board meeting was called to address the crisis.
Naturally, Grant-now drowning in scandal-became the center of discussion.
Grant glanced at the empty seat opposite him across the long conference table, the one that once belonged to Justin. A dark, twisted smile flickered across his face.
So what if he was caught in a storm of controversy? So what if outsiders speculated about him?
Now that he had taken the president's seat, he would never fall from the throne.
At the head of the table, Gregory surveyed the board members, his gaze briefly sweeping past Justin's vacant chair before he spoke in a measured tone. "Now that everyone is here, let us begin="
Before he could finish, the conference room doors swung open.
Justin strode in, impeccably dressed in a tailored suit, his steps bold and effortless. His eyes concealed a sharp, blade-like intensity-so piercing that no one dared to meet his gaze.
###chapter2467

Chapter 2467
Justin's unexpected arrival sent a ripple of tension through the conference room, the air in an instant.
freezing
Across the table, Grant lifted his gaze slowly, his pitch-black eyes unfathomable. A chilling, oppressive aura surrounded him.
"Justin? Why are you here?" Gregory's voice held a note of shock, his brows knitting together.
Justin's lips curled into the barest hint of a smile polite yet distant.
"I may no longer be Salvador Corporation's president, but I am still a shareholder and a board member. My presence here is not only justified but necessary."
With that, he strode forward, each step deliberate, each movement exuding effortless control. Just as he passed behind Grant, he came to an abrupt halt.
Then, without warning, he slammed his palm onto the back of Grant's chair. The sudden impact sent a tremor through Grant's body. "Isn't that right, brother?"
Grant's expression darkened, his fingers tightening into a fist beneath the table. Yet, after a brief pause, Grant forced a stiff smile. "You're a board member, after all. Even if you're no longer involved in daily operations, you have the right to be here. No one can deny that." Justin took his seat, crossing one leg over the other. His gaze lowered slightly, exuding a quiet indifference, yet his presence commanded the entire room.
His voice was smooth yet laced with sharpness. "In that case, why was I not informed about this meeting?"
Grant chuckled, the sound low and unhurried. "Perhaps you should ask your secretary. If he failed to notify you of such an important meeting, that speaks to his lack of professionalism, don't you think?"
The tension in the room coiled tighter, the unspoken challenge between the two Salvador brothers hanging thick in the air.
Gregory's face stiffened. If this continued, the meeting would spiral into open warfare. He cleared his throat and shifted his gaze downward, steering the discussion back to the crisis at hand.
"The recent press conference stirred up significant repercussions for the company. While the situation has largely stabilized, I felt it necessary to convene this meeting to address matters openly."
He hesitated for a moment, his voice uncharacteristically unsure.
"My two sons had an unfortunate confrontation at the press conference, but I believe there must have been some misunderstanding. Grant and Justin are brothers. When they were young, Grant even saved Justin's life. Blood is thicker than water. I refuse to believe Grant would resort to such ruthless tactics to frame his own brother."
Silence fell over the boardroom.
Grant coughed lightly before lifting his gaze, casting a shadowed glance at Justin, who remained seated with effortless poise.
The man's striking features betrayed no emotion. He appeared completely unbothered, as though he were not the one being discussed but merely a spectator to someone else's misfortune.
Grant let out a quiet scoff. 'He certainly knows how to keep his composure.'
Gregory exhaled slowly before continuing, his throat unbearably dry despite the sip of water he had just taken.
"The police investigation has been concluded. It was confirmed that the entire incident was orchestrated by the female doctor under Grant's command. She has confessed, and Grant himself had no involvement."
The room remained deathly still, yet the weight of unspoken words loomed over them all. His voice grew deeper, each word deliberate. "So, I trust no one here will hold any lingering prejudice against Grant over this matter. As president, his capabilities speak for themselves."
The message was unmistakable.
Gregory had made his choice. He would stand by Grant, no matter what.
Grant was the favored eldest son and the heir apparent. Even if the world turned against him, Gregory would remain steadfast.
Meanwhile, Justin, no matter how flawless or extraordinary, would never receive the same unwavering support.
Some things were decided at birth. No matter how fast one ran, some distances could never be closed. Still, appearances had to be maintained.
Gregory straightened his posture, his tone steady.
"We will now proceed with the vote on my eldest son, Grant, continuing his tenure as the president of Salvador Corporation-"
Before he could finish, the doors to the conference room swung open once more.
A hush fell over the room.
All eyes, including those of the Salvador family, turned toward the entrance.
A moment later, every board member's expression shifted.
Then, they stood almost in unison, buttoned their suit jackets, and bowed respectfully.
Seated in a wheelchair was Nigel Salvador, being pushed forward by his secretary Matt.
"Old Master Nigel."
Grant's expression darkened slightly, betraying no emotion.
Gregory immediately rose to his feet, a flicker of astonishment passing through his usually composed features. "Father? Why are you here?"
Justin also stood up, his sharp eyes reflecting both surprise and deep concern. “Grandpa...?"
Nigel had long since retreated from the corporate world, his health deteriorating with age. Though he still held a seat on the board, he had relinquished control to Gregory years ago, choosing to spend his final years in peace.
For years, he had abstained from attending any corporate meetings.
Yet today, for the first time, he had come.
His mere presence sent a shockwave through the room.
It was not just Justin who was shocked. Neither Gregory nor Grant had been informed of his arrival.
###chapter2468

Chapter 2468
Nigel was an old man in his twilight years, yet in the presence of the board-which
consisted of men still in their prime-he remained sharp and dignified. His silver hair did nothing to dull his imposing presence.
Seated with perfect composure, he exuded such an undeniable authority that Gregory was instantly pulled back to the days when he had worked beneath the crushing weight of his father's rule.
"Chairman Salvador, esteemned board members, I trust no one s to this old man
attending today's meeting." Nigel's gaze swept across the room, his smile never quite reaching his eyes.
The board members hurried to respond. "You are a director of Salvador Corporation. It is only right!"
Nigel gave a slow, deliberate nod. "The company is weathering a storm. The stock price is volatile, and all eyes are upon us. You all know I had retired, choosing to step away from business to enjoy my later years.
"I had hoped to entrust the company to my children and grandchildren to avoid overstepping and earning their resentment. But time and again, crises have arisen. As a director, I cannot simply stand aside. It is my duty to shoulder this burden alongside all of you."
Gregory pressed his lips together until they turned pale, yet he had no choice but to agree. For nearly 20 years, he had fought to take his younger brother's place. After relentless effort, he had finally secured his father's approval-finally earned the right to wield control over the Salvador Corporation.
Now, the old man had suddenly returned to the boardroom, his every word steeped in concern for the company.
Gregory's expression flickered. His face burned with shame, as if his father had just slapped him.
"Gregory." Nigel's voice rang out, firm and commanding.
Gregory straightened at once. "Yes, Father."
Nigel's expression was solemn. "I understand that after recent events, the company has suffered a severe public backlash. You are preparing to vote on whether Grant, as president, should be held accountable."
Grant remained still, his dark gaze unreadable.
Gregory cleared his throat. "Yes..."
"Set that matter aside for now. I have something important to announce."
The room fell silent. Everyone waited.
"The Salvador Corporation is about to welcome a new board member."
A ripple of astonishment spread through the room.
Justin and Grant both leaned forward, their backs leaving the chairs, eyes fixed on Nigel's calm face in disbelief.
Gregory's eyes widened. "A new board member? Who?!"
"It is me." The voice was clear, melodic, and carried an effortless authority.
The moment it reached his ears, Justin's entire body tensed. A strange sensation coursed through him, like an electric current running through his veins, making his fingertips tingle against the pen in his grasp.
Even Grant, always composed, his expression never betraying his thoughts, lifted a brow sharply. His Adam's apple moved as he swallowed-the only sign of his surprise.
Before everyone's eyes, a woman stepped into the conference room.
Dressed in an impeccably tailored white suit, heels clicking against the polished floor, Bella moved with the quiet confidence of someone who belonged on a pedestal. She came to a stop beside Nigel, her posture effortlessly poised.
Her long, jet-black hair cascaded over her shoulders. Though her delicate face had thinned slightly, even with only the lightest touch of makeup, she was radiant-like a rose in full bloom, vibrant and untamed.
But what truly seized the board members' attention were her eyes. Her bright, almond- shaped eyes were sharp as a blade and unwavering in their steadiness.
Not a single one of these seasoned businessmen dared to underestimate her.
"Bella?!" Gregory nearly choked on his own disbelief.
His jaw tightened as a surge of fury shot straight to his head, aimed directly at the breathtaking woman standing before him. "Dad! Are you saying she's going to be a director
of Salvador Corporation? What kind of joke is this?!"
"I am not joking." Nigel lifted his head, his expression calm, his smile gentle yet
unwavering.
Bella lowered her gaze slightly and clasped Nigel's aged, calloused fingers with both hands -a quiet show of respect of unspoken understanding.
"I have decided to transfer 10% of my shares to Ms. Thompson."
Gregory's world tilted. "What did you just say?!"
His breath hitched, his mind racing, but Nigel had already dismissed his outrage as though it were nothing more than an insignificant murmur in the wind.
"From today onward, Ms. Thompson is a major shareholder of Salvador Corporation," Nigel declared, his voice carrying the weight of finality. "I am bringing her into the boardroom. If anyone has ions, speak now-do not wait until the vote to stir up trouble. I may be old, but I have a long memory. I do not take slights lightly."
Silence fell over the room like a heavy curtain.
Who would dare oppose him? To challenge Old Master Nigel was as good as throwing away their own future.
Justin's gaze flickered to Bella. Her face remained poised, unreadable, but when he turned to his grandfather, realization struck.
Nigel controlled 27% of Salvador Corporation's shares. Transferring 10% to an outsider -
especially one with no familial ties-was a move few would consider wise. To some, it might even seem reckless.
But Justin knew better. This was no gamble. It was a calculated strike.
By supporting Bella, Nigel had created an unexpected yet formidable ally within the board, effectively weakening Gregory and Grant's control over company decisions.
To outsiders, giving shares to someone unrelated by blood would be seen as a desperate, irrational move, but Justin understood. If he could not trust Bella, then who else in this treacherous world could he trust?
Since Justin had pieced it together this quickly, how could Grant not?
###chapter2469

Chapter 2469
Grant curled his lips into a silent, icy smirk.
Nigel had played his hand, drawing Bella into the game. His intent was unmistakable-to spread out power in order to maintain control. He feared that one day a single force would rise unchecked, wielding absolute dominance over the Salvador Corporation.
Others might accept this, but Gregory could not.
Fury surged through him, his face darkening with rage. "Dad! Have you lost your mind? Do you even know who she is? She's the president of KS Group, our direct competitor! The KS Group is also bidding for the A5 project! No matter how much you favor this woman, there has to be a limit!"
His voice sharpened, each word like a blade. "By elevating her to a position of power, you're not just showing favoritism, you're inviting the tiger into our home!"
A low chuckle cut through the charged air.
"Hah." Nigel's lips curled in amusement, but his gaze was anything but warm. "Favoritism? Inviting a tiger into my home?"
The old man's voice was deep with meaning. "Perhaps the real question is... Who is my family, and who is the tiger?"
The words sent an undeniable chill through the room.
As he spoke, his sharp gaze swept past Grant's unreadable expression, lingering just long enough to leave a sense of unease in its wake.
A moment of silence later, a board member aligned with Gregory stepped forward.
"Old Master Nigel, while you have publicly recognized Ms. Thompson as your god- granddaughter, the fact remains that you have no blood relation with her. Even among true relatives, business must be handled with clear distinctions. After all, this concerns the interests of every shareholder and board member."
His voice carried a weight of reason, but the underlying opposition was unmistakable. "With all due respect, the KS Group behind Ms. Thompson is undoubtedly our strongest competitor in the A5 project bid. Forgive my bluntness, but no matter how you look at it, allowing Ms. Thompson into the board isn't a wise decision."
A ripple of murmurs spread through the room.
The tension had shifted. Opposition was growing, but Bella merely smiled, unfazed.
Nigel furrowed his brows, his expression heavy with contemplation. "Your concerns are not without reason."
His voice carried the weight of authority, yet Bella remained unshaken. Her red lips curled into a soft, knowing smile. She met the board's scrutinizing gazes with effortless composure, unhurried and poised.
She announced, "To demonstrate my sincerity, I hereby declare, as the CEO of KS Group, that we are officially withdrawing from the A5 project bid."
The room erupted.
Gasps filled the air as heads turned toward her in stunned disbelief.
What a sacrifice!
She was truly willing to go this far.
"Bella..." Justin's fingers curled against the table, his grip tightening. A storm surged in his chest.
He knew exactly why she was doing this.
She was willing to forsake her own company's interests-walk away from a high-stakes bid -just to secure her place here.
For him.
But was it worth it? Was he worth it?
Grant's gaze darkened further, his sharp eyes shifting toward Gregory.
Gregory's expression flickered. His mind raced, weighing the pros and cons, calculating whether this was a battle worth fighting.
After a long pause, Gregory exhaled and slowly lowered himself into his seat, signifying a retreat, a concession, and a compromise.
Grant withdrew his gaze, his expression unreadable, yet his eyes betrayed a trace of uncertainty.
"Very well." Nigel's voice resonated through the room, steady and commanding. "Now, let me ask-does anyone else to Ms. Thompson joining the board?"
Only silence answered his question. A silence so profound that the faintest breath could be heard.
Bella's gaze swept over the room before she let out a light, effortless laugh.
"Thank you for your support, everyone," she said smoothly. "I am still young and in the process of familiarizing myself with Salvador Corporation's operations. I hope you will all guide me in the future."
Her tone was poised-neither servile nor arrogant.
The board members, already impressed by her composure, exchanged glances. Whatever doubts they harbored before, they could no longer deny this woman was a force to be reckoned with.
With the storm momentarily settled, the meeting returned to its original agenda.
The matter of Grant's presidency.
Once again, the air grew heavy, the undercurrents of power shifting beneath the surface.
Grant lowered his gaze, his left hand resting on the table. His pale, slender fingers tapped rhythmically against the polished wood.
He understood. His grandfather had brought Bella in for one reason alone-to tip the balance in the final vote and bring him down.
Bella was one more vote against him and one more obstacle in his path.
His thoughts trailed off as his sharp, dark eyes settled on Nigel. A chilling glint flickered
beneath his lashes, unreadable, calculating.
Gregory declared, his voice thick with determination, "Now, let's proceed with the vote. Those who do not support Grant's continuation as president-raise your hand."
Seconds passed, but no one moved.
Not a single hand was raised.
Even Justin, Bella, and Nigel himself remained still.
###chapter2470

Chapter 2470
Grant's brows tightened, a flicker of astonishment surfacing in his dark, brooding eyes. He had assumed Nigel's sudden appearance in the board meeting and his decision to bring Bella into the fold were calculated moves a carefully laid trap to force him out of the president's seat.
He had prepared for resistance and crafted a thousand countermeasures. Yet, against all expectations, the transition had been seamless. No obstacles. No opposition.
Gregory was equally stunned, though this outcome was precisely what he had hoped for.
Grant, who stood before him now, was no longer just his son. He was a guillotine, hanging above his head-a silent, ever-present threat. A reminder that the past had not been buried and that his sins were not forgotten.
They lingered, a storm on the horizon, waiting to descend and shatter everything he had built. The hand poised over the trigger belonged to none other than his own son his most trusted, most valued eldest son.
Gregory's weary eyes followed Grant as he rose gracefully amid the applause. He could hear him speaking, but the words reached his ears in a distant, muted blur.
His gaze drifted to Justin, his younger son. Even in the face of such humiliation, he remained composed, his expression unreadable. He was like the silent depths of the ocean at midnight -concealing the sorrowful tides beneath.
Bitterness surged at the back of Gregory's throat, seeping beneath his tongue, flooding his mouth with its acrid taste.
Gregory knew that his eldest had long since become a devil, and his youngest son was pure- hearted and righteous even though he had suffered years of neglect.
For over 20 years, Gregory had abandoned Justin and left him to shoulder endless
grievances alone. But for the sake of the Salvador family, for the sake of his own survival, he had no choice.
"Thank you, Grandpa, Dad, and esteemed board members, for your trust. I will lead the Salvador Corporation to success, secure the A5 project, and prove myself worthy of your expectations."
As his words fell, Grant lifted his gaze, his dark eyes settling on Bella.
Then, under the watchful eyes of the entire room, he strode straight toward her.
A chill tightened around Bella's heart as she felt the weight of his gaze-oppressive and inescapable.
The man before her, so elegantly refined, was a serpent in human skin, a satanic force lurking beneath a flawless facade. His every movement was laced with an eerie, icy menace.
Justin's pupils contracted sharply. His gaze remained locked on Bella's stiffened expression. The veins on his hands bulged as he clenched his fists, his knuckles bone-white.
"Ms. Thompson, congratulations on becoming part of the Salvador Corporation." Grant's lips curled into a poised, polished smile as he extended his hand toward her.
Bella exhaled slowly, her lips tilting into an unreadable smile. She reached out and took his hand.
His palm was ice-cold, smooth as frozen jade.
Justin's gaze darkened, thick as ink, a tempest brewing in his eyes.
Bella no longer belonged to him. Yet watching her touch another man made it difficult to breathe. Emotions surged through him, heavy and suffocating, filling every inch of his chest. "Before the vote, Ms. Thompson stated that KS Group would fully withdraw from the A5 project's competition. That was not just a passing remark, was it?" Grant's tone shifted, businesslike and sharp.
Bella's crimson lips curled into a blade-sharp smile, gleaming with a hidden edge.
"Of course. The Thompson family always honors our word. If you have doubts, I can sign a formal pledge, stamp it with an official seal, and make it legally binding."
Grant's smile deepened. "That will not be necessary, because you are Bella. I trust you. I hope your presence at Salvador Corporation will bring us new energy. I also hope that you and I can work together to create a brighter future for both Salvador Corporation and KS Group."
Bella narrowed her eyes and withdrew her hand, slowly yet firmly.
Meanwhile, in the presidential suite of KS World Hotel.
"Mmm..." Arnold stirred awake, an ache deep in his muscles. His thighs and lower back were sore from exertion. His fingers pressed against his waist as he struggled to sit up, his body trembling slightly.
The mirror across the room reflected an unmistakable sight. His pale skin was marred by vivid, searing-red traces. His neck, collarbone, and chest held proof of last night's
indulgence.
A sharp breath escaped him. His fingers tangled into his hair, gripping tightly as a dull throbbing overtook his head. 'Last night... could it be...'
"You're awake?"
Arnold's breath caught. He turned sharply.
Asher stood in the doorway, watching him with an unreadable expression.
His powerful frame was half-bare, his chiseled muscles illuminated by the soft morning light. The sculpted grooves of his lower torso vanished beneath the towel that was loosely wrapped around his waist. With each slow, steady breath, his chest rose and fell, the motion impossibly mesmerizing.
Arnold's entire body tensed. His fox-like eyes widened in stunned disbelief, locking onto the man before him.
No matter how cruelly Asher had once torn him apart-like a blade slicing through his soul -at this moment, he could not resist the sight of this man.
The longing ran deep. It was a craving etched into his bones and a habit he would spend a lifetime trying to break.
Arnold parted his swollen lips, his voice raw and hoarse. "Asher... Last night... You..."
"I did." Asher took slow, deliberate steps toward Arnold, his gaze tinged with red, his eyes heavy with an emotion that threatened to spill over. "Arnold, everything that happened was exactly as you imagined."
###chapter2471

Chapter 2471
Asher leaned down slowly, his bronzed, sculpted muscles flexing with each breath. The dips and ridges of his body stood out sharply, his striking features growing larger in Arnold's stunned gaze.
His brows and eyes were sharp and dazzling, luring him in.
Arnold pressed against the headboard, his breath catching. His mind went blank. His heart still fluttered. 'What now? Ugh! I'm so pathetic and weak...'
Asher braced his arms on either side of him, his dark eyes locking onto Arnold's. Though his pupils were deep black, his love surged like an unrelenting tide, wild and all-consuming.
It felt like last night's madness all over again. All he wanted to do was swallow him whole, melt into him, and never let go.
"Arnold, does it still hurt...?"
"Go to hell!" Arnold's crimson, fox-like eyes burned with fury as he slapped Asher across the face.
It was a hard slap. Five distinct finger marks bloomed instantly on Asher's check, which turned red and swollen. Yet, Asher barely felt it because his heart had been aching far worse.
"Asher... I don't just hate you now. What you've done disgusts me!" Arnold shoved him away, his hands trembling, his voice nearly hysterical. "Who the hell told you to touch me?! Who gave you the fucking right?!"
Asher stood frozen, his spine stiff, his expression flickering with helplessness. He looked like a stray dog, drenched and abandoned in the rain. "Last night... At the bar, you drank something you shouldn't have "
"And that gave you the right to interfere?! Who the hell are you to me?! Asher, in my eyes... You are nothing!" Arnold grabbed his scattered clothes from the floor and yanked them on.
He pulled out his wallet from his pocket, ripped out a thick stack of bills, and slapped them against Asher's bare chest.
"Just consider last night a damn transaction! Now get the hell out of my sight and don't ever let me see you again!" With that, Arnold turned and stormed off, his sharp and elegant silhouette vanishing into the night.
The room fell into silence. The only sound left was the heavy, lonely thud of Asher's heartbeat.
"Mr. Thompson!" Yuri rushed in, his face tight with urgency. "Mr. Larson ran off! You finally got to see him how could you let him go?! Even if you had to use underhanded tricks, you should've held onto him!"
But Asher sat motionless, his face pale as paper.
Yuri was more worried than the man himself. He had seen the rise and fall of Asher's last relationship and had watched him be torn apart. He did not want Asher to suffer that agony again.
"Arnold hates me." Asher's voice was hoarse, barely a whisper. He crouched down,
trembling, gathering the scattered bills one by one, clutching them tightly in his palm. "Yuri
... Maybe it's time. Maybe I really need to let go."
Yuri's voice rose a few octaves. "What the hell?! You actually believe that nonsense?! When I get pissed, I say I wanna blow up the White House-should we take that seriously too?! Have you lost your damn mind?!"
"I could throw away my pride, my dignity... I could chase him for a lifetime... But would it matter?" Asher curled into himself, like a crushed soda can, discarded by the only one he had ever loved. "Arnold and I ended things a long time ago. I was just too stubborn to wake up from the dream."
Arnold stepped out of the hotel. The sky was murky gray with a blinding white rift in the middle. Rain poured relentlessly.
A sleek limousine rolled up and stopped in front of him. "Mr. Larson, correct?"
The lobby manager rushed out with a warm smile. "A gentleman arranged a ride for you. The rain is heavy-please get in before you catch a cold."
Arnold narrowed his eyes at the car. "Asher?"
"Huh? No, the one who arranged it wasn't Mr. Thompson."
Arnold's brows furrowed. "Not him? Then who?"
The manager smiled politely. "The gentleman didn't say."
Arnold scanned his surroundings, his sharp gaze sweeping over the area. Nothing seemed amiss. "No need. Thank him for me."
With that, he turned and dashed into the rain.
Meanwhile, in the dimly lit corner of the hotel's first-floor café, a man in a black baseball cap lifted his coffee cup, taking a slow sip. His dark, unreadable gaze followed Arnold's fading figure.
###chapter2472

Chapter 2472
The board meeting concluded, and the members dispersed.
News spread like wildfire. Grant Salvador had secured his presidency, while Bella Thompson had officially joined the board of directors.
After the meeting, Bella accompanied Nigel back to Crescent Bay. Justin, however, stayed behind to handle company matters. With Ian following closely, he strode toward the chairman's office. His starry eyes were sharp, and his presence was unwavering.
"Hey, hey! Bella's on the board now. Does that mean she's siding with Justin to take down our new president?"
In a secluded corner, hushed voices whispered. "I heard they haven't been seen together for a long time. They probably broke up. But at the last press conference, Bella openly went against President Grant. She looked ready to stand by Justin's side. So, are they together or not?"
"For people like them, business comes first. Even if they broke up, they can still be allies. No one turns their back on benefits."
"But I thought they were true love..."
"True love? In a family like that? Don't make me laugh! Besides, I don't think Bella joined the board for Justin's sake."
Justin's steps faltered. His brows drew together, and a shadow passed over his gaze.
"Think about it. Who holds the real power in Salvador Corporation? Grant. Even after that massive PR crisis, his position is unshaken. That means both Chairman Salvador and Old Master Nigel are protecting him. Justin's already out of the running with no chance of inheriting the corporation."
Oblivious to the impending storm, the employee continued with growing excitement.
"Bella broke up with Justin. She has her own family's interests to consider. In the end, she'll align with the stronger side. Unless, she's hopelessly in love. But that wouldn't make sense, right? They already-"
"Ahem!" Ian cleared his throat loudly to interrupt the conversation.
The gossipers froze. Their bodies stiffened against the wall, and their faces drained of color as they held their breath.
"Quite free, huh?" Ian's voice was icy. "Should I bring you some sunflower seeds so you can snack while you talk?"
He closed the distance between them, his gaze locking onto the most talkative employee." You're fired. Someone from HR will escort you out this afternoon. Don't bother coming in tomorrow."
The employee's face turned ghostly pale. "Why?!"
Ian's expression didn't waver. "Because you said things you shouldn't have and discussed people you had no right to discuss. The company's policy is clear. There is no gossip about the Salvador family allowed in public spaces. It's in your contract."
"This is unfair!" The employee's furious gaze darted to Justin, though his complaint was aimed at Ian.
"Grant Salvador is the president now! He's the rightful heir to Salvador Corporation! You're not even the president's secretary anymore. You have no right to fire me! This is an abuse of power!"
"No right?" Justin finally spoke.
His lips curved slightly, though his starry eyes remained cold, void of emotion. "I'm a major shareholder of Salvador Corporation. I am a Salvador. That alone gives me the authority to deal with you. If you disagree, take it up with Grant. See whose decision he follows-yours or mine."
The employee's face burned red with shame. Defeated, he turned and slinked away like a stray dog. The remaining gossipers scattered in silence.
Ian seethed. "Bastards. They're just waiting to kick you while you're down."
Justin's gaze remained steady. "That's just an outsider's perspective. I don't see myself at a disadvantage."
Lifting his chin, his presence sharp and unshakable, he strode forward.
At that moment, Grant approached from the other direction, his secretary trailing behind. When they met, both stopped.
"Justin." Grant's smile was laced with amusement, his eyes narrowing slightly. "I remember you always kept business and personal matters separate. You never concerned yourself with trivial gossip and were always lenient with your subordinates. What changed?"
His voice dipped, slow and deliberate. "Did losing power so suddenly make you lose your patience, too? I get it. To you, this must be humiliating. You've fallen from grace, and now you're lashing out at employees to vent your frustration. But to others..." He chuckled softly, his gaze gleaming with mockery. "It just makes you look bitter, like you can't accept that you lost to me."
###chapter2473

Chapter 2473
Ian watched the faint smirk play on Grant's lips, a slow burn of agony searing through his insides. In his mind, he had already cursed the man with the vilest words he could conjure. "Think whatever you want." Justin ignored the venom in Grant's gaze, his steps unwavering as he brushed past his elder brother.
"Do you truly believe you have allies on the board?" Grant's laughter rang out, laced with mockery.
Justin halted, his eyes narrowing slightly.
"Grandpa is shielding you, but his health is failing. How much longer do you think he can protect you?" Grant adjusted the intricate ruby cufflink on his sleeve, his tone casual yet cutting. "Bella, the woman you so heartlessly abandoned-do you really think she'll stand by you without hesitation? That she will never leave your side, as she once did?"
The midday sun bore down, casting stark shadows against Justin's sculpted features. He stood tall, unmoved, yet his heartbeat pounded heavy in his chest, each thud a dull echo of unspoken emotion.
Silence stretched between them before Justin's voice finally broke through, low and hoarse." Even if she no longer trusts or needs me, I believe she can tell right from wrong. She will not stand with wolves or conspire with demons."
With that, he strode forward, never once looking back.
Grant's expression darkened. A moment later, he sneered. "Fine. Then let's wait and see who Bella truly chooses to stand beside."
In the underground parking lot, Grant sat in the backseat of a sleek luxury car, eyes half-closed. With a sharp tug, he loosened his tie, exhaling slowly. "President Salvador, here is the wine you requested."
his deep-set
His secretary poured the aerated red wine into a tall glass and handed it over with a respectful bow.
Grant accepted it, taking a slow, deliberate sip, as if trying to drown the storm brewing in his chest. A muffled cough escaped his lips.
The secretary hesitated. "President Salvador, please take care of your health... It would be best to drink less "
"I know my own body." Grant swirled the wine in his glass, watching the crimson liquid catch the dim lighting. His voice turned distant. "In two hours, Dr. Amaryllis will be released on bail, correct?"
"Yes, sir."
Grant lifted his chin slightly. "Take me to the police station."
The darkness was suffocating, like an abyss with no end, no hope.
In the damp air, thick with the scent of dust and decay, Yvonne slowly opened her eyes, only
to find herself blind to everything around her.
Her breath came in ragged gasps. When she shifted slightly, the iron chains fastened around her ankles clanked ominously.
She shut her eyes again, willing herself to cry, but no tears came. 'Have I gone blind?' In just half a month, they had forced three rounds of drug trials on her. Her body was already breaking. Red rashes covered her skin, and incontinence plagued her. Who could guarantee that this time, she would not lose her sight? Or worse-never see another dawn?
Just beyond the wall, separated by a mere partition, a man in a white lab coat pushed a cart to the door of Yvonne's cell. The heavy iron door creaked open. "Wait." A low, emotionless voice sounded from behind him.
###chapter2474

Chapter 2474
"Mr. Bailiff." The medical staff bowed immediately, their posture rigid with deference.
Everyone in the base knew of Clarice and Jace-the ones who held authority and dictated the rules. To others, they were untouchable, standing at the very pinnacle of power.
None of them truly understood the purpose of this place. They lived in ignorance, unaware that beyond their world existed forces even greater, masters even more formidable. "How has she been these past few days?" Jace asked, his face unreadable.
"She has shown some signs of rejection, but so far, there is no sign of organ failure. It's truly surprising. She appears delicate, yet her body is unexpectedly resilient, stronger than many men."
The medic let out a mirthless chuckle. "But today is the fourth injection. Who knows if she will survive? Last month, four test subjects did not make it past the fourth dose. They were taken straight to the incinerator for disposal."
Jace's jaw clenched. A shadow passed over his sharp features. When he spoke, his voice was low, rough, edged with something dangerous. "I told you before. She must be kept alive. She has a purpose."
His gaze darkened. "If you keep pushing her like this, she won't last much longer."
The medic hesitated. "But Dr. Amaryllis instructed us to proceed with standard testing. There were no special arrangements"
Jace pressed his lips into a thin line. In an instant, he understood Clarice's cruel intentions.
Grant had hidden Yvonne here for two reasons. First, because it was a place no one would think to search, and second, because keeping her alive meant she could be used as leverage- a bargaining chip and a threat against Bella and Drew.
But Clarice was no fool. She knew Grant did not care whether Yvonne lived or died.
If Yvonne perished in the experiment, it would simply mean she was too weak. A fitting end for someone like her. Grant would not punish anyone for it.
Jace exhaled slowly, then extended his hand. "Give me the drug. I will administer it myself. You are dismissed."
Without waiting for a response, he seized the medicine box from the medic's grasp.
The medic hesitated but ultimately said nothing, turning and exiting the room.
Jace pushed open the heavy door, stepping into the dimly lit space. The door clicked shut behind him. He locked it.
The room was dark, the air thick with sterile antiseptic and the faint scent of decay. He flicked on a single overhead lamp. A dull yellow glow filled the space, casting his tall, lean frame in sharp relief.
On the hospital bed, Yvonne lay motionless, her figure frail and wasted.
The moment she heard footsteps, a violent tremor seized her.
Her pupils shrank, her limbs convulsed, her body wracked with an agony so deep it reached her very core.
"Yvonne, it is me." His deep voice cut through the suffocating silence. His broad shoulders blocked the surveillance camera.
Yvonne's bloodshot eyes widened, her breath hitching in her throat. With all the strength she had left, her skeletal fingers clutched weakly at the hem of his coat.
Her cracked and dry lips parted. Her voice was so hoarse and broken that it barely formed words. "Hugh..."
Jace's heartbeat faltered. A shockwave tore through his chest, shaking him to the core. His fingers curled involuntarily, trembling against his will.
"Hugh... please, save me..." She had endured so much pain and suffering. But the moment she saw him, her fragile walls crumbled. Her tears broke free, streaming down her gaunt cheeks.
"Please... Stop torturing me...." Her voice cracked. "If you won't, then end it quickly..."
Jace's expression remained cold, impassive, betraying nothing. He pulled a syringe from his coat.
Yvonne's heart plummeted. A bitter, despairing laugh bubbled from her lips. How foolish she had been. How laughable. To think, even for a moment, that she could hope for mercy from one of Grant's people.
She closed her eyes, surrendering to her fate.
The needle pierced her skin.
A second passed. Then another.
Jace leaned down, his breath ghosting against her ear. His voice, low and deliberate, sent a shiver through her fragile frame.
"Don't panic," Jace murmured. "It's not the drug. I only gave you a dose of vitamins."
###chapter2475

Chapter 2475
This time, the injection did not bring the searing pain that made life worse than death.
Yvonne's cracked lips quivered. She gazed at the man before her, her tears falling in heavy, silent streams.
Jace looked back at her just as deeply, an unspoken understanding passing between them. At this moment, words were unnecessary.
"Hugh... Thank you..." Her voice was barely more than a whisper, yet it struck Jace like a hammer to the chest.
When she called him Hugh this time, he did not correct her, nor did he resist. He simply accepted it.
Since the night Yvonne had been captured, he had suffocated under the weight of regret. Every day, he lived with the tormenting thought, 'If I hadn't blocked her path... If I'd let her go just a moment sooner... Would she have escaped Clarice's grasp? Would she have been spared this agony?'
"You should know... No one who enters this place ever leaves. Most do not even escape death." His voice was low, thick with something unreadable.
Then, in a rare and quiet defiance, hidden beyond the surveillance cameras, he reached out and wrapped his calloused fingers around her frail, bony hand. "So hold on. Just a little longer. Give me time--I will find a way."
Yvonne's heart clenched. A warmth, foreign yet comforting, spread through her chest. She closed her eyes, a silent acceptance, a fragile trust.
She had reached her breaking point long ago. More than once, she had thought of biting through her tongue to end it all. But Jace's words and his promise anchored her.
Even if he ultimately failed to save her, she would never hate him. Her life was worthless. But if she could wake Hugh up, if she could pull him back from the abyss and help him reclaim the memories he had lost, then it would all be worth it.
A sharp, familiar click echoed down the corridor. The measured, deliberate rhythm of high heels striking the cold floor.
'Clarice.' Jace's expression darkened.
Pressing a single finger to his lips, he signaled Yvonne to remain silent. Then, with swift precision, he gripped the collar of her hospital gown and yanked it open.
A large expanse of her pale, fragile skin was exposed beneath him. He dropped to one knee beside her bed, his towering frame shielding her from view.
The iron door swung open with a deafening bang.
Clarice stood in the doorway, dark and imposing, her presence thick with suspicion. Behind her, two bodyguards stood like silent shadows.
She had just been freed from detention when her informant reported that Jace had dismissed the medical staff and gone in alone.
Fury had ignited in her veins, but there was also exhilaration.
She had made mistake after mistake. Grant may have remained silent, but she knew deep down that his patience with her was wearing thin.
If she could catch Jace red-handed-if she could prove his disloyalty and remove him-then she alone would be Grant's right hand. She would be the one standing at the top.
But the sight before her struck her dumb.
"Jace! What the hell are you doing?!"
Jace's lips, cold as ice, hovered mere inches from Yvonne's trembling neck. His dark gaze flicked toward Clarice, unreadable, indifferent.
He sneered, "You have been by the Boss' side for so long, yet you still lack basic awareness? Must you always ruin my mood?"
Yvonne caught on instantly. Playing her part flawlessly, she let out soft, shuddering sobs beneath him, as though she had suffered unspeakable humiliation.
Clarice hesitated, her expression shifting from suspicion to disgust. "That filthy, used-up whore... You actually stomach touching her? Does she not repulse you?"
Jace's fingers trailed along Yvonne's chin, his voice laced with mockery. "A man has his needs. Do you have a problem with that?"
Then, with a slow smirk, he added, "It seems even the woman you despise is more desirable than you."
Clarice's face twisted in rage, her fists clenched so tightly that her nails dug into her palms." You-!"
"Enough." Jace sighed, straightening to his full height. "The moment is ruined. I have lost interest."
"Wait." Clarice's narrowed eyes flickered with suspicion. She stepped closer, peering into Jace's cold, impassive gaze.
"My assistant reported that you administered the injection this time. Where is the drug? Hand it over-I want to see it."
Jace smirked. Without hesitation, he reached for the used syringe on the bedside table and tossed it at her feet.
Clarice bent down, picking it up. The vial was empty.
Yvonne's arm bore a fresh needle mark.
"You're paranoid and prone to anger, Clarice. If you're not careful, you'll age faster than you realize." Jace pulled a cigarette from his pocket, tapping it against his fingers before placing it between his lips.
His smirk deepened, carrying the scent of danger. "I know exactly what you are plotting. I know every dirty little trick you are hiding."
His voice dipped, quiet but razor-sharp. "The Boss once said that I am like a wild wolf. If you push me too far... Do you think you can handle the consequences?"
Clarice's nails dug deeper into her palms. Her eyes burned with venomous fury. Yet, deep inside, an unsettling chill crept into her heart.
###chapter2476

Chapter 2476
In the evening, Ian was behind the wheel, driving Justin to meet Nigel.
Along the way, they received news that Clarice had been successfully bailed out.
Enraged, Ian slammed his palm against the steering wheel. "Damn it. Why is it so hard to get rid of that wicked woman?!"
"She is Grant's right hand. One might even say she holds more of his secrets than he can afford to lose." Justin leaned back in his seat, eyes half-closed. His sculpted jaw tensed, silent and sharp. "Until every ounce of Clarice's value is drained, Grant will never let her go. That is how he has always operated."
Ian shook his head, teeth clenched. "Who the hell is she? You told me to dig into her background. But it's clean. Not a single thing came up. What kind of past is she hiding that makes Grant protect her so obsessively? With his power, he could have anyone. Why her? She's like some clueless doll. Half the time she acts like she's making life harder for him on purpose!"
A cold fog settled over Justin's handsome face. His eyes turned sharp, dark, and unreadably deep.
Ian's words stirred something.
Justin pondered. 'Yes. With Grant's reach, he has no shortage of brilliant followers. So why Clarice? Was that even her real name? If the background was fake, the name must be as well.'
After bringing Nigel back home to Crescent Bay, Bella quietly slipped on her apron and stepped into the kitchen. She prepared a warm, nourishing meal for Nigel and Matt.
Bella had no appetite, but Nigel insisted she stay and eat, so she had to sit and accompany him at the table.
"Grandpa Nigel... about what happened today..."
"Bella." His voice was low. "I've had time to think things through."
Lines of guilt etched across his weathered face as he gently held her slender hand. "If you or Justin ever need anything at all... I will give everything I have to help you."
Bella gave him a small, quiet smile. Her voice floated like mist. "Grandpa Nigel, you've already done enough. Leave the rest to me and Justin."
The moment she said his name, her heart tightened. A dull ache spread through her chest.
Nigel lowered his eyes and sighed long and deep.
"This is my fault. All of it. I covered for him. I should have stopped Grant sooner. I should have called the police when it happened, instead of cleaning up after him... I should not have shielded his crimes. If I had, none of this would be happening now."
"Back then, Grant was still a minor. Even if you had reported it, even if he had served ten or twenty years, he would still be here, just like this." Bella paused. Her eyes darkened, gaze heavy. "To truly solve this, we must find the root of it all."
Nigel looked at her, confused. "The root...? What do you mean?"
"Grandpa Nigel, you raised him. Did you ever feel he was different from other children? His mind, perhaps? Because no ordinary person could commit such cruel, violent acts, right?" Nigel froze. His brow furrowed. He sank into silence.
"Young Master Justin has arrived." Matt announced softly.
A moment later, Justin stepped into the living room, composed and graceful. His tailored jacket was draped over one arm. "Grandpa, I'm home."
Justin paused, then turned to Bella, his eyes catching the soft flush on her cheeks. His voice deepened. "I see Ms. Thompson is here too."
Bella pressed her lips together and avoided his gaze. She leaned forward and said gently, " Grandpa Nigel, I should get going. Please rest early... Oh, remember to take the medicine I left for you."
Nigel could hardly bear to see her leave. If he could, he would have locked his dear Bella and his foolish grandson in the same room, maybe chain them to the same bed too!
Just as Bella brushed past him, Justin suddenly reached out and caught her by the arm. His long fingers wrapped around her with calm strength, drawing her back to him, slowly and steadily.
Their eyes met. Two perfect faces mirrored in each other's gaze.
"Bella." He leaned close. His voice, deep and low, brushed the shell of her ear. "Stay. Just a while. I need to talk to you."
###chapter2477
Chapter 2477
Bella followed Justin into the study.
He closed the door behind them. She neither sat on the sofa nor turned on the light. She simply stood in the shadows, quiet and composed.
Their eyes met. Each gaze shimmered with a rare intensity, hiding emotions too complex to name. Something lingered in the air-quiet, stirring, and restrained, as if something within them longed to break free but could not.
After a moment, Bella gave a faint smile. Her voice was soft. "Mr. Salvador, if you have something to say, please speak. I have other matters tonight, so I can't stay long."
Her meaning was clear. She did not wish to be alone with him.
A bitter ache stirred in Justin's chest. His voice came out hoarse. "You didn't vote against it at today's board meeting. I want to know if your thoughts align with mine."
Bella lowered her lashes. Her reply was calm. "You didn't oppose Grant becoming president because you still cannot see his true intention. If you wish to understand his plan, you must first meet his demands. Raise him up and place him under the spotlight. Only then will you see his moves with clarity. Otherwise, he will remain an insatiable serpent, crawling in the dark. You will never predict what he'll do next."
Justin's eyes widened. His heart skipped a beat. Yet he kept his emotions in check. "Yes. That is exactly what I was thinking."
The rare feeling returned-no one else understood him like she did, and no one ever had.
"But there is one thing you are wrong about." Justin stepped closer. The distance between them vanished.
Bella's breath caught. "What is it?"
"Even if Grant becomes president, he will never be satisfied." He looked deep into her eyes. His voice was steady and slow. "What he wants is to devour the entire Salvador Corporation. Perhaps, this company is just a stepping stone. He wants more. He wants all of Savrow under his feet."
Bella's expression grew serious as she gave him a small nod of understanding.
She was an ambitious woman and had always admired those with courage and vision, those who dared to gamble everything. If Grant had taken a path of honor, she might have respected him. They might even have become friends. But he had done what she could never forgive. He had wounded the people she loved over and over again.
"I heard Clarice has been released on bail." Justin's face darkened. "She is Grant's pawn, and she holds a grudge against both of us. For now, let Steven keep a close watch. Your safety comes first."
Bella gave a faint smile, neither agreeing nor ing.
Amelia was about to give birth, so Steven would not leave his wife's side. Bella had also given him a few days off because she did not want to burden him. She did not want danger near their small, fragile family.
Bella had always known how to protect herself. Even before Justin came into her life, she had walked this path alone.
"If trouble comes, promise me you will reach out." Justin exhaled deeply. His voice softened with care as he could not set aside his concern.
Bella paused. Her smile bloomed like a midnight rose, delicate and radiant.
Just as Justin turned to leave, Bella spoke again, her voice low. "Mr. Salvador, have you never questioned Clarice's true identity?"
He froze. "Do you have a lead?"
"Rosalind Gold." Her lips parted. A name long buried slipped into his ears. "You haven't forgotten her, have you?"
Justin stiffened. A cold chill spread through his limbs.
Meanwhile, in Grant's private villa, Clarice stormed into the room, her face full of anger. "Sir, Jace is completely out of control! He tried to go after Yvonne! What kind of joke is that?!"
Grant sat in his wheelchair, with his wrist propped against his chin. His fingertips tapped lightly at his temple. "Oh? That sounds entertaining. A younger brother falling for his sister-in-law? Watching them turn on each other might be fun."
Clarice was left speechless. Grant's mind never followed logic, at least not one she understood.
As silence fell, Grant casually tossed a file in front of her.
"There's a proper solution to the severe side effects of the Crystal Ice compound we developed. A research institute in Meridan found a reliable way to suppress them."
Clarice flipped through the documents. Her eyes widened. "What? Already?!"
Grant sipped his tea slowly. "Ordinary people might take five, even eight years. Maybe longer. But the one who developed this is a genius."
Clarice leaned in. "Who is it?!"
"There's no rush." A faint smile played on Grant's lips. "Let me introduce you to an old friend first."
###chapter2478
The moment Grant's words fell, Clarice caught the sound of ominous footsteps behind her, like the hiss of a venomous snake slithering through the dark, its tongue flicking coldly in the air.
"Miss Amaryllis, it's been a while."
Clarice whipped around, her eyes wide with shock.
"It's you... Elio Valen?!"
"Oh, you still remember my name." Elio smirked as he brushed past her, heading straight toward Grant's wheelchair. "Now, I'm one of Mr. Salvador's people. I follow only his orders."
Grant lifted the teacup and took a slow sip. "Our team has grown stronger. Isn't that wonderful?"
Clarice stood frozen for a moment, then something clicked. Her eyes widened. "Sir, was Arnold the genius doctor who developed the drug?!"
Grant's smile widened in satisfaction. "Not bad. You're still as sharp as ever."
Elio could not have appeared at a better time.
The answer was now painfully obvious.
Clarice steadied herself and stepped forward, her gaze locked onto Elio's cold, stern face. "So, what's the plan?"
"Elio, I know you're eager to prove yourself, but we have rules here as well." Grant twirled the teacup lid between his slender, pale fingers, his eyes fixed on the tea leaves. "Anyone who wants to stay by my side must first offer a token of loyalty. No exceptions."
Elio's lips curled into a dark, sinister smile. "I understand. Since I've chosen to follow you, I've already decided to eliminate your problems for you."
Grant raised a brow. "Oh?"
Elio's eyes gleamed darkly. "Right now, Arnold is your biggest problem. I will take care of him."
Clarice's heart clenched.
This was how Grant Salvador operated. He rarely took action himself. Instead, he wielded his followers as weapons, each one sharpened to perfection.
Anyone who came into his circle was a tool to be used until they were utterly spent.
Clarice gazed into Elio's deep, amber eyes, her breaths heavy and uneven.
She knew Grant's true nature. He was a serpent with a charming face-a devil wrapped in silk. Yet, despite everything, she could not help but wonder if Grant would treat her just a little differently.
Grant feigned surprise, blinking. "Are you sure? After all, Arnold has the exact same face as your brother, Kairos."
Elio's eyes burned red with hatred. He spat every word through gritted teeth. "My brother was one of a kind! Arnold may look like him, but
nothing but a pathetic, ugly
vein
imitation! I will not allow that thing to exist in this world. I will destroy him completely. 
"My brother is dead, and yet Arnold walks around with his face, breathing, living, and stealing everything Kairos held dear-even the person Kairos loved most! How can I swallow this humiliation? How can I face my brother if I don't erase Arnold from this world?!"
Grant listened quietly, the room heavy with Elo's venomous words. After a moment, he chuckled. "If that's the case, then Arnold is the least of your concerns. After all, he didn't choose his own face. But Asher Thompson is truly despicable, tossing aside his old flare and
using Arnold as a mere stand-in.
How disgusting!" 
Elio's fists clenched so tightly his knuckles cracked. "Hah... Once I finish dealing with that Larson scum..."
Grant shook his head slightly, his smile almost gentle. "Slow down. Rash actions lead to long nights filled with regret. Besides, if you go after Arnold first, you'll set off a storm within the Thompson family. By then, getting to Asher will be almost impossible."
Elio stiffened. "Then, what do you suggest?"
"If you're going to do it, do it right. Why settle for one when you can eliminate them both?"
Grant sighed, a hint of a smile playing on his lips. "In the end, you'd be doing them a favor-dying together as star-crossed lovers. How poetic. But would your brother rest easy, knowing you let them off so gently?"
Elio's gaze turned murderous. "Once it's all over, I'll go to Kairos and explain everything."
Grant's lips curved. "Then prepare well. Good luck. Just ask if you need assistance."
Elio gave a deep bow, brushed past Clarice, and left the room.
"Sir, forgive me for saying this, but striking against Arnold Larson so suddenly may
cause a lot of unnecessary chaos..." Clarice's worry was evident.
Grant took another sip of tea, his expression indifferent. "What, are you scared?" "No, it's just that..."
"If Asher Thompson can be taken down, great. But Arnold? He must die." Grant's smile vanished, his
turning to ice. "To Justin, Ana
represents his only hope of recovery. I once knew what it felt like to be that desperate. I will not allow him even a sliver of hope." 
###chapter2479
After parting ways with Bella, Justin stared out the car window into the dark night, his brows tightly furrowed.
"What did you say? Clarice Amaryllis is actually Rosalind Gold?!" lan slammed on the brakes. He reacted as if he had been struck by lightning.
The Maybach jolted violently. Caught off guard, Justin's tall body lurched forward, nearly hitting the seat in front.
"Do you not know Rosalind Gold, or do you not know Clarice Amaryllis? Haven't you seen all kinds of storms before? So why are you having such a large reaction?"
Justin sat upright again, casually tugging his tie, though his heart was in turmoil.
"I know both women, but the thought of them being the same person makes me shudder!" lan slammed the steering wheel in anger, accidentally setting off the horn. "Is she a curse that's fated to bring you bad luck? She haunts you like a ghost! Should I get a priest to perform an exorcism or cleansing ritual?"
Justin's eyes dimmed, his voice hoarse. "In the end, I have no one to blame but myself because I'm the reason for Clarice's existence."
Memories flashed before his eyes like a silent, dark film.
He recalled the many entanglements between him and Bella when Rosalind Gold was still by his side.
Scene after scene of cruel memories flashed past, the sharp fragments stabbing at his chest again and again.
Momentarily dazed, Justin instinctively clutched his chest, pressing hard as his heavy heartbeat thudded painfully against his ribs.
"Mr. Salvador, don't say that. You were deceived by that vicious woman. You're also a victim!" lan suddenly asked, "But how did you find out that Clarice Amaryllis is Rosalind Gold?"
Justin's thin lips parted. "It was Bella. She noticed something unusual."
lan's puzzled expression turned to one of admiration. "How did Ms. Thompson figure it out?!"
"A person can change their appearance and voice, but their behaviors and habits are ingrained in their bones, unconsciously revealing themselves. It's hard to change completely."
A flash of light passed through Justin's cold eyes, showing a hint of admiration for Bella. "She had been quietly observing Clarice for a long time. Once she was 80% certain, she secretly did a DNA test, confirming they are the same person."
lan sighed deeply as he lamented. "Honestly, sometimes I think Ms. Thompson came into this world just to save you. If it weren't for Ms. Thompson... Sigh, I don't even dare to imagine the outcome!"
Justin said nothing. He just felt an empty void in his chest, one that nothing seemed to fill.
lan asked, "Now that you know, what do you plan to do about Clarice Amaryllis?"
"For now, I'll just watch what she does. It'll only alert her if I expose her now, and she may show her true colors and retaliate even harder." Justin's gaze grew deep. "I'm not afraid of her revenge. In fact, I wish she'd make a move right away. I'm just afraid..."
He fell into a long silence.
lan took a deep breath and nodded firmly. "Understood. I'll keep a close eye on her and report to you immediately if anything happens!"
Ever since that Salvador Corporation meeting where Bella officially joined the board of directors with a 10% stake and publicly announced KS Group's withdrawal from the AS project tender, the sensational news spread rapidly
prorough Savrow's
business community.
A few days later, the news of Bella joining Salvador Corporation dominated all
financial headlines and even trended on the hot topics.
Previously, KS Group was one of Salvador Corporation's biggest competitors for the A5 project.
With KS Group withdrawing, Salvador Corporation stood alone at the top, unmatched by any rival.
Thus, Salvador Corporation's stock price skyrocketed overnight, hitting the trading limit. Even before the project bidding began, Salvador Corporation had already raked in over a billion dollars!
Despite being hit by a series of
scandals, Grant not only remained firmly in his role as president,
but also
unshaken like a mountahe"
profits to the
brought enormous!
long-stagnant Salvador Corporation.
It truly was Bella who caused his fall and Bella who made his rise.
After all, there were no eternal enemies in business, only eternal interests.
While Grant basked in success, Bella's move stirred up a storm of public opinion, and she was harshly criticized.
[What the hell! What's wrong with this woman? She really has one trick after another up her sleeves!]
[Exactly! Just yesterday, she was passionately defending Justin at a press
conference, and today she's teaming up with Grant? What is she up to now?]
[I think she just wants it all! She can't
ет
let go of Justin, but also covets Grant's status. She's using her position in Salvador Corporation for personal gain. Bellareally wants to have her cake and eat it too. How shameless!] 
[Perhaps Grant made some private deal with her, and in the end, she abandoned Justin to side with the older brother instead!]
[Damn, Justin's just a pawn in this capitalist game! I feel bad for him.]
In the President's Office of KS Group, Bella scrolled through the comments, her almond eyes shrouded in cold mist and deep gloom.
She had long expected this outcome, but seeing it still made her heart ache.
This was just the beginning. There were still many dark roads ahead...
At that moment, her phone rang, interrupting her thoughts.
"Hey, Ash,” Bella answered with a weary voice.
"Bella, do you have any plans tonight?" Asher's voice was tinged with worry.
"No plans. What's wrong?"
Asher paused, then said solemnly, "After thinking it over, I decided to let you know. Dad's illness has relapsed, and he's been hospitalized."
###chapter2480
"What?!"
Bella's expression changed drastically as she shot to her feet, her voice trembling with urgency, "Big Brother, why didn't you tell me something this serious earlier?!"
Asher said, "You've been really busy lately..."
"So what if I'm busy? Even if I'm so exhausted I vomit blood, I'll still crawl back-l only have one dad!" Bella's eyes turned red with panic.
She grabbed the jacket draped over the chair and rushed to leave. "Is Dad stable now? I'm heading back right away!"
"Bella, wait a second, listen to me." Asher let out a sigh. His voice was heavy as he continued, "The reason Dad was hospitalized so suddenly this time has a bit to do with you..."
Bella froze mid-step. "What do you mean?"
"His wives and I have been trying to distract Dad these past few days, watching TV and playing cards with him. We were afraid he'd find out that you joined Salvador Corporation's board and withdrew from the A5 project."
Asher's voice was laced with helplessness. “But despite all our precautions, we didn't anticipate that one of Dad's business associates would call him up just to talk about it. When Dad found out, he flew into a rage. He said that you're a traitor to the Thompson family."
Bella furrowed her brows and pressed a hand to her forehead in frustration, her chest feeling so stuffed it was hard to breathe.
"Dad just took his medicine and is asleep now. Bella, come later and have a good talk with him."
Bella's voice was dull, but she forced herself to sound composed. "Thanks, Ash. I understand."
Bella drove, racing toward the hospital where Wyatt was staying.
In the hospital ward, Wyatt had just woken up. Asher, Axel, and Mila were there taking care of him while the other Thompson family members had gone home to rest, as they had been exhausted from the past week.
"Dad." Bella entered the room, holding a bouquet of fresh flowers.
They were pure white lilies, her late mother's favorite.
Just as Wyatt was about to yell at her, he saw the lilies, and his gaze softened. But his tone was still one of anger.
"You brat! How are you any different from a traitor?! The A5 project is crucial to KS Group's next five and even ten years! But you just handed it over to the Salvador Corporation without a fight?! You even joined their board of directors! Not only that, you want to work with Grant Salvador, too? Don't you know that punk harbors sinister intentions? Don't you know he's been scheming for the position of heir, plotting against Justin?!" 
"I know," Bella replied, her tone calm.
"You knew and you still did it?!"
"I..." Seeing that her father had misunderstood, Bella wanted to lay out the entire
plan, but at the last moment, she swallowed her words.
The plan between her and Grandpa Nigel could not be revealed to more people.
Though the family was trustworthy, there was no guarantee that nothing would slip out. If the cunning and suspicious Grant sensed something was off, he would grow wary of her. If that happened, her entering the game herself would become completely meaningless.
Asher hurriedly tried to calm him. “Dad, please don't blame Bella. I believe she has her reasons for doing this."
Axel added, “Exactly, Dad. How can you call her a traitor? That's too harsh..."
Wyatt's emotions surged again. "It took so much effort to suppress Grant's arrogance before. But now you've joined his side and even handed over the A5 project, reinforcing his position... Are you trying to crown him king?!
"Perhaps you do have your reasons and calculations, but let me tell you, the only reason you think you can control the situation is because he's not strong enough yet! When he completely takes over Salvador Corporation, the whole situation will spiral out of control! 
"Bella, your so-called cleverness might end up binding you like a cocoon that you spun yourself! Justin might even be expelled from the Salvador family and lose all chance of being the heir forever!"
Bella's chest felt tight. She wanted to defend herself, but just as she opened her mouth, Wyatt suddenly frowned in pain, and his whole body seized violently.
"Dad!"
###chapter2481
Wyatt was once again pushed into the ICU.
Through the large glass window, Bella watched her beloved father lying unconscious on the hospital bed, so weak he looked as if a single gust of wind could blow him away.
Bella's tears poured out like a broken dam, her body trembling uncontrollably, tears streaming continuously down her face.
In the past, she had chased after love recklessly, headstrong and willful, yet her father always forgave her with his boundless tolerance.
For a long time, she had been an unfilial daughter.
But in this very moment, she felt as though she truly deserved to die.
"Bella, don't panic. All your brothers are here with you. Ralph and the rest are already on their way back."
Seeing his little sister crying like a broken doll, Axel's heart ached. "Little sis, don't cry! Dad's been sick for a while. An illness this serious doesn't happen overnight. It's not your fault, so don't overthink it, and don't blame yourself!"
"Your second brother is right, Bella. It's not your fault." Asher draped his suit jacket over Bella's trembling shoulders, his voice hoarse and warm. "You know Dad... He wasn't truly angry with you. He just has a fiery temper, quick to explode, hard to calm."
"The doctor said his worsening condition is partly due to emotional volatility and irritability. It's just his nature. What we can do now is give him consistent treatment, medication, and proper care."
Bella rubbed her swollen eyes hard, sobbing softly. "That may be true... But in the end, I'm still Dad's most worrisome child."
Asher let out a quiet laugh and pinched her tear-soaked cheek. "And yet, you're the one Dad loves most."
Bella pouted, her lips trembling uncontrollably.
Her heart ached even more.
"Bella, I understand what you're thinking. You entered the Salvador Corporation's board of directors because you want to uncover Grant's schemes. To break through the darkness, you have to walk with the darkness. I get all of that." Asher used his own tie to wipe away her tears. "When Dad wakes up, talk to him patiently. If you can't say it, I'll speak for you. He'll understand."
Once upon a time, Justin had also wiped her tears and snot with his tie, never minding the mess even though he was usually neat and tidy.
At that thought, she felt an even stronger urge to cry.
Just then, the attending physician, Dr. Cartman, walked over, his expression grave. "Gentlemen, Ms. Thompson, the test results are in."
The three siblings asked in unison. "How is our dad?"
Dr. Cartman sighed and handed them the scans. "It's not good. His condition is deteriorating rapidly it's more dangerous than I initially thought." 
Bella was the first to take the scans. As she studied them carefully, her heart sank.
Dr. Cartman said, "Ms. Thompson,
news
even though you're known as the famed Dr. Brown and possess exceptional medical skills, the location of Chairman Thompson's Blood clot is extremely tricky A single misstep, and he may never wake up again." 
Bella's heart clenched tightly.
To put it plainly, it was a huge gamble. If they won, their father would survive this
ordeal. If they lost, they might lose him forever.
She could not afford this gamble.
Axel was desperate. "So besides surgery, there's really no other way?!"
Just as Dr. Cartman was caught in a dilemma, a clear voice interrupted them. "There is."
Bella felt as if a bullet had pierced through her chest. Her entire body jolted as she slowly turned around.
Grant sat in a wheelchair, approaching them unhurriedly with his secretary by his side.
Strangely enough, his lapdog,
Clarice, was not by his side. Clearly,
he knew Clarice and Bella were at
odds, so he had deliberately left her
behind to avoid souring
impressions. 
"What are you doing here?" Axel snapped, his temper flaring instantly.
Asher was also on high alert, ready for a fight at any moment.
"I heard about Chairman Thompson's condition," Grant said.
Grant coughed softly twice, then slowly and elegantly rose from his wheelchair,
his piercing gaze locking onto Bella's ice-cold face.
"If I said I had a way to ease Chairman Thompson's condition, would you be
willing to trust me just this once, Ms. Thompson?"
###chapter2482
Bella narrowed her almond-shaped eyes coldly.
The man before her was adept at using a fragile, harmless appearance to conceal his vile and insidious nature.
Unlike Justin's upright, firm, and composed demeanor, Grant gave off a gloomy, spine-chilling vibe, like a snake in human skin.
"Bella, don't listen to his nonsense. He's just here to disturb your mind, deceive you, and win you over!"
Axel stepped forward without hesitation, standing in front of his little sister to confront Grant. "Are you the reincarnation of some rat from the gutter? Wherever there's trouble, you crawl right in! You're not welcome here. Get away from my sister immediately!"
"Ax..." Bella tugged lightly at Axel's sleeve and shook her head slightly.
Then, turning her emotionless gaze to Grant, she said, "Mr. Salvador, you claim you have a way to treat my father's illness. Could you please elaborate?"
Grant covered his mouth and nose with a white handkerchief, let out two muffled coughs, and frowned slightly.
Axel let out a scoff. "You're a sickly young master yourself, yet you talk about curing others? What a joke!"
Grant ignored the mockery and turned his gentle gaze toward the hospital director. "I'll have one of my subordinates deliver a box of medicine shortly. It's for inhibiting cerebral infarction."
The moment they heard this, the Thompson siblings instantly tensed, alarm bells ringing in their heads.
"Ms. Thompson, I know you don't trust me, but I sincerely want to help Chairman Thompson through this crisis."
Grant spoke with deep sincerity, his eyes solemn. "When the medicine arrives, you can test it with Director Cartman and Dr. Larson, whom you trust most. If it's poisonous, go ahead and report me to the police.
"But if it's not, I hope you'll let go of the past, set aside old grievances, and prioritize your father's health. Please accept my gesture of goodwill."
Asher looked anxiously at Bella's pale face, wanting to say something, but in the end, he chose to hold his words back.
It was as if, in the face of their father's illness, all hatred and grudges no longer felt so intense.
Soon, Grant's medicine was delivered to the hospital.
Bella put on a white lab coat and a face mask and promptly entered the lab with Director Cartman and two biomedical researchers to test and analyze Grant's medicine. s
Three hours later, Bella emerged, visibly exhausted. She removed her mask, her expression dark and conflicted.
“Bella, how did it go?" Asher and Axel rushed over at once, anxiously awaiting the test results.
Bella pressed her rose-colored lips together, paused in thought, then said softly, "There's nothing wrong with the medicine."
"What?!" The Thompson brothers were both stunned.
No issues-naturally, that was a good thing. But they could hardly believe that Grant had not played any tricks.
Axel scratched his head. "This weasel is visiting us chickens for no reason. How can he be innocent?"
Asher gave him a helpless glance. "If you want to be the chicken, go ahead. Bella and I won't play that part."
Bella continued, "Although the medicine is non-toxic and could
greatly help with Dad's conditionet
Director Chen also said the side. effects are unpredictable. s
She rubbed her forehead, her expression grave. "If we don't use the medicine, then the only option left is brain surgery. But Dad is old, and his illness is aggressive. Even if I perform the surgery myself, the success rate is less than 3%." s
To put it bluntly, the chance of success was basically a miracle.
But if the surgery failed, their father would not make it off the operating table.
Axel looked lost. "So... Does that mean accepting Grant's so-called 'goodwill' is the only way to save Dad?"
Asher was silent for a moment. He took a deep breath and patted Bella on the shoulder. "Bella, no matter what decision you make, we'll stand by you."
Bella gave a pale, weary smile and slowly walked toward Grant, who was waiting in his wheelchair at the end of the corridor.
###chapter2483
Grant sat on the windowsill with his eyes closed, basking in the bright and warm sunlight.
His fair, refined features and chiseled jaw added a bewitching charm to him. If Bella had not known of his true nature, she too might have been thoroughly deceived by him.
"President Salvador." Bella walked up to him.
Grant slowly opened his eyes, lifted his chin, and met her gaze gently. "Ms. Thompson, are you ready to accept my suggestion?"
“Tell me the truth. Does this medicine have any side effects?" Bella's voice was hoarse, and the corners of her eyes tinged red as she continued, "I can't gamble with my father's life.”
Grant shook his head lightly. "I'm sorry, Ms. Thompson. I can only guarantee that your father will live. As for the rest, I can't promise you anything.”
Bella's slender fingers curled tightly.
"I know you don't trust me, but right now you have no other choice." Grant stared at her, his brown pupils like an unfathomable abyss. “Besides, my target has never been Chairman Thompson. Hurting him means nothing to me. Moreover, Chairman Thompson is your father. For your sake, I want him to get better too."
These pleasant words could not shake Bella's heart of steel.
"Then who is your target? Justin?" Bella asked coldly, refusing to acknowledge his sentiment.
"Justin is not my target. My target is the one who controls the Salvador Corporation."
Grant spoke evenly. "As long as he stays away from the Salvador Corporation and gives up the idea of being the heir, he and I can still be brothers."
Bella thought to herself, 'Yeah right, as if I'd believe that!'
She had no desire to speak with this man any further. His sanctimonious hypocrisy made every moment in his presence suffocating and nauseating.
But desperate times called for desperate measures. Aside from him, there was no one who could help Old Wyatt now.
She could only compromise, and she felt humiliated for it.
"Why don't you let Chairman Thompson try one course of treatment? You can see how things go, and if his condition improves, you can choose whether to continue or stop the treatment.”
Grant gazed at her intently, his voice low and warm. "It's all up to you."
A few hours after Grant left the hospital, someone delivered the medicine.
By evening, Mila and two other madams arrived at the hospital, and they too learned that Wyatt had taken the medicine Grant provided.
Everyone feared this might be some trap, but at the moment, there was no better option.
Not long after Wyatt took the medicine, all his physical indicators stabilized. However, his brain activity was unusually restless, and he still needed to remain under observation in the ICU.
“Dad...” Bella stood outside the ward watching her father, her eyes brimming with tears. Wyatt was now so thin he was unrecognizable.
Asher walked to her side, placing his large hand on her trembling shoulder. "Bella, don't be afraid. Dad is a blessed man. He will surely make it through this.”
After a pause, he spoke in a low voice, "Could you give me one pill? I want to.....”
Bella understood immediately. "Ash, you want to take it to Arnold for research, right?"
"Yes..."
Asher nodded, his chest aching with
each breath. "I really can't trust
Grant So I can only ask Arnold for hetp. I know he despises me and doesn't want to see me, but it's about Dad, I think he'll be willing." s
Bella added, "Director Cartman said that if not for this medicine, Dad would have remained in a coma for a while longer and might have been brain dead. The situation was е extremely critical But now, Dad's condition is temporarily stable. If he keeps taking this medication, there might be a chance he could wake up." s
Asher looked shocked. "Is the medicine that miraculous?"
Bella gave a bitter smile. “I'm shocked too. Although I hate Grant, I have to admit, when it comes to medicine, he's quite capable."
The siblings were silent for a
f.n
moment before Asher suddenly said, "Oh, by the way, just now I saw Mila at the end of the corridor, on the phone with someone. She looked very serious. It seems something is on her mind. Go ask her about it later. I think Mila's mental state hasn't been very good lately because of Dad's illness." s
Bella nodded with concern. “Alright, I understand.”
Meanwhile, Mila had locked herself in the lounge, speaking on the phone with her personal bodyguard. "What do you mean you lost him?!"
"Sorry, Second Madam, I followed the car up the winding mountain road, but the terrain there is rough, and I'm not familiar with it. Plus, that man was driving extremely fast, so I lost him...”
“You've been following him for days and finally caught up, yet you drop the ball at the critical moment?!” Mila's voice burned with fury.
“I'm sorry, Madam. I'll keep tracking him!”
“Forget it. Next time, I'll go myself!"
Just as she finished speaking, there was a knock at the door, followed by Bella's voice, “Aunt Mila, can I come
in?"
Mila immediately hung up, walked over to open the door, and put on a faint smile. “Bella."
###chapter2484
Bella showed a sweet smile, but she keenly noticed that Aunt Mila's complexion was off.
"Aunt Mila, are you feeling unwell?" Bella stepped into the room and asked softly.
Mila wiped her cold cheeks and gave a bitter smile. "Since Wyatt was ill, I've been losing sleep every night, so my complexion must look poor."
Bella was sharp and observant. Just now, she had actually eavesdropped on Mila's conversation outside the door.
She vaguely overheard something about following someone and about losing the trail. That was when she realized that something was off, so she stepped closer to eavesdrop.
Bella went over to Mila and asked in a low voice,
“Aunt Mila, you look so worried... Is it because of Hugh?"
Mila's bright eyes widened, her gaze flickering. "Of course, I think of him. That child has suffered so much... I often dream about him..."
Bella's tone suddenly grew serious. "Aunt Mila, tell me the truth. Have you been secretly following Jace?" Mila was stunned. "Bella, how do you know...?"
"I was standing outside earlier and vaguely overheard a bit of your conversation. That was enough for me to guess most of it." Bella held Mila's hand tightly and pressed with concern, "Aunt Mila, have you really been secretly sending people to follow Jace? How did you even find him?!”
Mila pressed her lips tightly together and remained silent.
“Aunt Mila, you must tell me the truth!" Bella's anxious gaze turned sharper than ever. “Leaving aside the fact that we cannot even verify Jace's true identity—let's assume for a moment he really is Hugh. Even then, he had completely lost his memory and now works for our enemy.
"He's a ruthless and extremely dangerous man! You have never done this kind of shadowing before. If he discovers you, you'll be in grave danger! With Wyatt gravely ill, our family can't afford for anyone else to get into trouble!"
As she spoke, Bella's eyes turned red, and she was on the verge of tears.
Ever since Wyatt was hospitalized, especially now with Grant's involvement, Bella had been under immense pressure. A single nerve in her mind had been stretched taut, almost to the point of snapping.
Bella truly could not bear another family member getting into trouble. If that happened, she really would go mad.
At this moment, Bella had no idea that Mila had already discovered the truth, that Jace was in fact her son, Hugh.
Mila forcibly steadied her emotions, took a deep breath, and restrained the glimmer of tears in her eyes. "Bella, I only wish to seek the truth, to find some peace of mind.”
She smiled faintly. "Although you think that he's a demon, every time I see that face, which is identical to Hugh's, I only feel warmth and never fear."
Bella, sharp as ever, instantly caught something. “Aunt Mila, you've seen Jace again? When did this happen?”
Knowing she could not hide it, Mila recounted the time she had unexpectedly encountered Jace on the roadside and saved him.
Bella was utterly stunned.
After a long pause, she steadied her thoughts. “So... You placed a tracker on Jace?”
Mila nodded. "On his silver necklace. I thought if I put it in his clothes pocket, it would either be discovered or lost too easily. The necklace would be safest."
A hint of delight showed on Mila's face. “Fortunately, he still hasn't noticed it.”
Bella threw her head back and heaved a sigh. "Oh, Wyatt! Please just open your eyes and rein in your woman! She's far too bold and reckless!"
She then said, “Aunt Mila, since you've already tracked Hugh, where is he now?"
"Near Ring Mountain. I don't know if that's their base or his home. The signal on the mountain is unstable so the people I sent often lost track. Every time they were close to catching up they couldnt pinpoint his location. It's very frustrating." Mila shook her head helplessly. "So, until now, I still haven't been able to determine his exact location." s
“Alright... Let's leave it at that for now."
Bella paused, then looked at her solemnly. "But please remember, you absolutely must not act rashly again, and you definitely must not go tracking him on your own! That's extremely dangerous. This isn't a game! Even if Wyatt were healthy right now, he might not be able to protect you. Do you understand me?" 
s
Mila pressed her lips until they turned pale, then she reluctantly gave a slight nod.
After Wyatt took Grant's medicine, his brain activity gradually began to stabilize, but he still remained in a
deep coma.
As for when exactly he might wake up, even Dr. Cartman could not give any guarantee.
Just as everyone in the Thompson family was deeply worried about Chairman Thompson's condition, there was major news from the
vel
Salvador Corporation The Anet
Project had been approved by the government, and the Salvador Corporation had secured the bid. s
###chapter2485
News spread nationwide that the Salvador Corporation and the KS Group had reconciled and even formed an alliance to jointly develop the A5 project. This was a major boon for Salvador Corporation, and KS Group's stock price also soared as soon as the market opened, hitting the upper limit.
Although Bella had withdrawn from the competition over the A5 project, it seemed she had still led KS Group into victory, raising their profile not only in Savrow but across the entire nation.
However, her mood was heavy. She felt no joy or inclination to celebrate at all.
As the President of KS Group, Bella had not acted solely in the group's interest. Instead, she had mixed in too much of her own personal motives.
For the sake of Wyatt's health, she could not refuse Grant's kindness. To expose Grant's schemes and reclaim everything Justin had lost, she could only choose to temporarily sacrifice KS Group's interests. This way, she could win Grant's trust in hopes that he would lead her into that dark, filthy industry that he was involved in.
Even if Wyatt, Justin, and everyone else failed to understand her, it did not matter. She had already braced herself for the coming storm.
To tear apart the darkness, one had to first be completely immersed in it.
On the day that Salvador Corporation officially secured the A5 project, Grant called Bella. “Ms. Thompson, could you come to Tideview Manor tonight for a chat? I'd like to invite you to my home for dinner to celebrate our first victory."
Before Bella could reply, the man thoughtfully added, "I know that you probably don't want to see my father. Rest assured, he won't be present tonight."
“Mr. Salvador, you're overthinking." Bella's eyes were cold, her voice just as icy. “I know Chairman Salvador dislikes me, but I have never held a grudge against him. I stopped caring long ago. So whether he is present or not, I will not be going. But thank you for your kind intentions."
Her unspoken meaning was clear. Bella did not want to go because she did not want to see Grant.
On the other end of the phone, Grant paused briefly before laughing heartily, as though he paid no mind to her rejection.
“Ms. Thompson, I understand how you feel. But tonight, I hope you can put aside your preconceptions and worries, and simply treat me as an ordinary business partner. If you refuse to take this step, our future cooperation will be difficult, which will affect the interests of both sides. A competent manager should always put the bigger picture first. In the business world, there are no eternal friends, nor eternal enemies."
Bella pressed her pale lips together, thinking, 'Is he implying that I'm not a competent manager? Is he mocking me for being petty? What a clumsy attempt to provoke me!'
Grant added, “Actually, tonight's dinner wasn't my idea. It was Mayor Zellman's."
Bella was startled. "Mayor Zellman?"
Grant chuckled, his voice deep and sultry. "Yes this time, Mayor Zellman played a part in helping the Salvador Corporation to secure th As project. He has always trusted the Salvador Corporation deeply. When he learned of our cooperation, he was delighted and very confident about the project. 
"So, tonight's dinner was Mayor Zellman's invitation to you, Ms. Thompson, as the President of KS Group. merely offered the venue as a small favor. Even if you won't show up for me, surely you Can attend for Mayor Zellman's sake, right?" 
It seemed Mayor Zellman had close personal ties with Grant.
If someone reported an official of high rank visiting a conglomerate's home and staying for dinner, it could easily be branded as collusion between government and business. What a way to invite trouble upon oneself. 
Would there ever be peace in Savrow?
Kon
But after much thought, Bella finally agreed. "Alright, I'll go."
Grant asked, “Are you at your office?"
"Mm." Bella gave a curt response.
Grant laughed dotingly. He made it sound so natural, as if he were about to pick up his beloved girlfriend after work. "Alright, I'll send someone to pick you up."
Bella immediately refused coldly. “No need. I don't like sharing a car with strangers."
The next second, Grant spoke with a soft chuckle in his voice. “Then I'll come pick you up myself.”
###chapter2486
Bella heard this and no longer refused.
She knew that even if she refused this time, Grant would just pester her next time. Though Grant appeared calm and indifferent, he was actually quite stubborn and calculating. He would stop at nothing to reach his goals.
Besides, Bella had already accepted Grant's favor to help Wyatt recover sooner. If she still rejected something so minor, she would seem pretentious.
At 6:00 PM, the luxury car slowly drove into Tideview Manor.
Bella gazed out the window. As the familiar sights filled her eyes, memories of her days here as Justin's wife resurfaced. They were mostly bittersweet and sorrowful, but some were happy.
Her eyes watered. Bella lowered her lashes, concealing the grief within.
Suddenly, she felt the man beside her pat her shoulder. Startled, she turned, only to see a spotless white handkerchief, faintly scented, offered before her.
"If I had known coming back here would cause you such pain, I wouldn't have arranged the banquet here,” Grant said.
He gazed deeply into her reddened eyes, his voice steeped in tenderness and remorse. "Bella, I'm sorry."
Bella...
Even this gentle tone was almost identical to Justin's.
A current surged through Bella's heart, not because of the man before her, but for Justin. Her love for Justin was etched so deeply within her soul that nothing could ever erase his existence.
"Mr. Salvador, I'm fine. Don't misunderstand."
Bella drew a deep breath to steady herself. She said coldly, "Also, I prefer that you address me as Ms. Thompson. That's more formal and fitting for our relationship.”
Grant paused slightly, then curved his lips faintly, as if he was utterly unfazed by her coldness. “Alright, as you wish, Ms. Thompson."
Chairman Salvador was absent today, as he was on a trip.
In the vast dining hall, Grant sat at the head of the table. Bella sat on one side, while Mayor Zellman sat opposite her. Today, he was an honored guest of the Salvador family, and his face flushed with ruddy cheer.
"This time, it's all thanks to your support that we've managed to secure the A5 project, Mayor Zellman." Grant raised his glass with elegant poise for a toast.
He smiled at the mayor. "From here on, I hope we can work closely together. In the future, I trust you'll extend your strong support to KS Group's projects in Savrow as well. I will be most grateful."
This was the blatant collusion between politics and business.
Bella had no appetite. She drank only water and felt as if she sat on pins and needles.
After several cups of wine, Mayor Zellman's face turned as red as a tomato. Any semblance of an upright official was gone. He was completely reduced to a tool for Grant's private gain.
His face was glowing with drunken
satisfaction as he slurred, "Don't worry, Mr. Salvador. Given your relationship with Ms. Thompson, the development of KS Group in Savrow is safe with me! I'll give it my full support!" 
Hearing this, Grant smiled and asked, “My relationship with Ms. Thompson? Tell me, what relationship do we have?"
Mayor Zellman was a shrewd man. At a glance, he saw that the way Grant looked at Bella was anything but innocent, filled with desire and possessiveness.
To flatter the cash cow before him, Mayor Zellman chuckled and answered bluntly, “Hahaha....... Of course, a relationship that is as good as it gets! Don't forget to invite me to your wedding reception!"
Bella's expression instantly frosted over. "Mayor Zellman..."
Grant interjected, "Mayor Zellman, you sure like to joke. Ms. Thompson and are merely business partners and good friends Ms. Thompson is also my grandfather's god-granddaughter, and she once was my younger brother's wife.” 
Grant seized the initiative and continued, "We are kin, so naturally, our bond is closer. But please, don't overthink it. Otherwise, my lady will be uncomfortable."
Sensing Bella's displeasure, Mayor Zellman hurriedly laughed it off. “Hahaha, I understand now, Mr. Salvador. I was overthinking it. My apologies, Ms. Thompson!"
"Mayor Zellman, thank you for your goodwill. But KS Group has come this far on the strength of our solid, comprehensive capabilities, not through any improper means.”
Bella's beautiful eyes were sharp and icy. Her pale face was like a snow lotus blooming on a towering glacier. "Although KS Group is cooperating with the Salvadors Corporation, it is only temporary. It does not mean our paths will ultimately converge. So there's no need for you to concern yourself with KS Group's development." 
Such a rebuke left Mayor Zellman stiff-faced, his eyes darting nervously toward Grant.
Yet the man's refined and elegant face showed not the slightest anger. Grant continued to smile, looking calm and unbothered, even with a trace of indulgent fondness.
Mayor Zellman finally understood that Grant clearly treasured Bella.
He immediately forced a smile. “Hahaha, you're right, Ms. Thompson. I was being presumptuous."
Mayor Zellman forced himself to sit through the rest of the meal. Bella, unwilling to stay another second, prepared to rise and take her leave.
Just then, Mayor Zellman leaned toward Grant and spoke in a hushed tone. “Mr. Salvador, that day, you mentioned establishing a new pharmaceutical research institute...”
###chapter2487
A glint of darkness flashed in Grant's calm, clear eyes. He briefly glanced at Bella, who stood with her back to them.
His voice deepened as he said to the mayor, "We'll find another time to talk about it."
“Why another time? Do you find it inconvenient to speak freely because I'm here, Mr. Salvador?” Bella suddenly turned around and flashed a graceful smile.
"It seems that you and I are merely collaborators and not true business partners. You and Mayor Zellman must have many secrets between you, huh?"
“Haha... Ms. Thompson, you're taking this too seriously." Mayor Zellman forced an awkward laugh while stealing nervous glances at Grant's face.
Bella had seen through it by now. On paper, Mayor Zellman was the superior one among them as a government official. Yet in truth, their positions were reversed. In private, it was Grant who held the reins.
If Grant kept things about the research institute hidden from her, there was bound to be something suspicious or even something dark and unspeakable.
Otherwise, why would he keep it hidden?
Seeing Grant's silence, Bella smirked and scoffed. "Well, if you're guarding against me so much, Mr. Salvador, you shouldn't have invited me to this dinner in the first place. You make me feel like an unwelcome spy. I'll leave you gentlemen to your private talk.”
With that, she turned sharply and strode away without looking back.
"Ms. Thompson, wait!" Grant called after her, his tone urgent.
But Bella acted as though she had not heard him. Her steps were quick and brisk, the air around her charged with quiet anger.
Grant's lips pressed into a pale line. The man who was usually composed and reserved could no longer contain himself. He stood abruptly and strode after her.
The sight left Mayor Zellman utterly stunned.
Was this frantic man chasing after a woman really the same regal and imposing man that he knew?
It seemed that the saying was true, that even heroes could not withstand beauty. Mr. Salvador was no exception.
Bella heard him coming after her, yet instead of stopping, she walked even faster.
Grant finally caught up to her in the living room and grabbed her slender wrist. His voice trembled with urgency as he said, "Bella, don't leave!"
Bella's body froze, her pupils widening slightly.
In her mind, she heard Justin's gentle voice. Memories of all their warm and intimate moments together flooded back, as vivid as yesterday.
Her eyes reddened.
Though many people called her Bella, and the man standing behind her was no longer Justin, their tone was the same.
"Mr. Salvador, is there anything else you wish to say?" Bella's voice was cold, and her back was still facing him.
Grant stepped around to face her, his eyes fixed intently on hers. There was a heat in his gaze, a burning intensity that made her lashes tremble, forcing her to avert her eyes.
"Why are your eyes red?" His voice softened, and his gaze was so piercing as though it could see straight into her heart. “Are you mad because you think I'm hiding something from you?"
Bella forced her emotions down and sneered. “Shouldn't I be angry? You keep saying you want a partnership with me, but you hide things from me at every turn. Your words and actions don't match So how am supposed to trust you?" 
Grant's brows drew together.
She gave a mocking laugh. “But I understand. After all, you and Justin are sworn enemies, like fire and water. Since I have a past with him, it disgusts you, doesn't it? So guarding yourself against me is only natural."
“No. I've never thought about you that way.” Grant's fingers tightened slightly around her slender wrist. This small, almost imperceptible motion revealed a surge of possessiveness beneath his calm facade.
"If I cared about your past with Justin, I wouldn't have worked with you at all. Bella, you can treat me however you like, but please don't misunderstand how I feel about you."
Bella listened in silence, her stomach churning violently.
This man was shrewd, calculating, and full of schemes. His sincerity was nothing more than a cheap tool of deception. Yet she also knew that if she kept rejecting his gestures, their relationship would never progress.
If that happened, she would never be able to infiltrate the core of Grant's circle. So she needed to soften things between them.
However, she could not do it too
abruptly or too intimately, as it
would seem fake. It had to be just enough for Grant to believe that she and Justin were completely over beyond any possibility of rekindling Only then would Grant start to lower his guard around her. 
"Mr. Salvador, there's something I hope you can understand."
Bella drew a deep breath and met his burning gaze. "By choosing to work with you, I've practically offended
my entire family. My father quarreled with me over it, fell ill, and has been in a coma ever since.
“By leaving Justin's side and joining
your camp, can no longer face Grandpa either. Choosing you meant cutting off all my paths of retreat, so I'm anxious, afraid, emotional and helpless just hope you can try
understand things from my
perspective." 
“Bella..... it was my fault." Grant tugged gently at her wrist, trying to draw her closer. “It won't happen again. I promise."
Bella's back stiffened. There was a flicker of resistance beneath her lowered lashes.
At that moment, heavy, cold footsteps approached from behind before halting abruptly.
Bella turned around, and in that instant, all the blood in her veins seemed to freeze.
The air grew thick, oppressive, and silent.
Justin stood just a few paces away, his tall figure as rigid as stone.
He stared unblinkingly at the two people in an unbearably intimate pose before him. His cold gaze settled on
Bella's wrist, which was tightly held in Grant's grasp.
An invisible storm began to surge between the two men, ready to erupt at any moment.
###chapter2488
“Justin, you're back." Grant smiled faintly, but his fingers clenched onto Bella's wrist with no intention of letting her go.
His gaze was filled with an unmistakable possessiveness.
Bella's heart suddenly skipped a beat. As she looked into Justin's deep and distant eyes, her lashes quivered and her eyes reddened.
At that moment, she knew it was unseemly to be this close to Grant.
But she also knew that she had to carry on the act. If she stopped now, her plans would fall apart.
Thus, instead of breaking free from Grant's hold, Bella turned and gave him a faint, graceful smile. "Mr. Salvador."
Justin's handsome face darkened. His fingers clenched into a fist, and his gaze grew clouded and unreadable.
"What are you two doing?" Justin asked in a hoarse voice.
Grant's eyes curved slightly, the corners of his lips still carrying a refined smile. “I was entertaining a guest at Tideview Manor tonight, discussing some business matters. So I invited Bella over for a casual dinner. We've just finished eating, and I was about to take her home. If I had known you were coming back tonight, I'd have asked you to join us."
“Join you?” Justin's thin lips twisted into a cold smirk. “If I were there, big brother, you might not even know which hole on your face to shove your food into. Besides, wouldn't my presence ruin your mood with Ms. Thompson?"
His cold, mocking words stung Bella's heart, and her long lashes trembled slightly.
Grant chuckled. “Justin, you're much more endearing now than before. At least, you've grown quite a sense of humor."
Then, Grant took a long stride forward, still holding Bella's hand as he leisurely brushed past Justin. “It's getting late. I'll take Bella home first. If you want to talk to me, you'll have to wait till next time."
As Bella passed by Justin, her smooth black hair brushed against his shoulder, and a familiar fragrance drifted into his nose.
Justin's heart contracted and expanded violently. His lips parted slightly as he turned around involuntarily. He saw that Grant, who was frail and chronically sensitive to the cold, had taken off his own cashmere coat and gently draped it over Bella's shoulders.
For some inexplicable reason, Justin's heartbeat pounded heavily.
He stared at Bella's graceful silhouette and waited for the woman who had always despised Grant to the core to finally reject that scheming man's act of kindness.
But to his astonishment, Bella lifted her radiant face and smiled sweetly at Grant. “Thank you."
Grant replied, “It's nothing. The night is chilly. I don't want you to catch a cold.”
With that, Justin could only watch as the two of them walked away together, Grant's arm still loosely encircling Bella's waist.
What seemed like gentlemanly courtesy to others was, in Justin's eyes, a blatant act of possession.
Justin's jaw tightened as his chest heaved. From deep within his throat, he could almost taste the faint bitterness of blood.
By the early hours of the morning, the Tideview Manor lay in utter silence.
After all that had happened, this place no longer felt like a home. It was just a lavish and desolate mansion—a stage for power struggles and silent wars.
lan hurried through the dim, echoing corridor. The eerie atmosphere was perfect for a horror movie. Anyone faint of heart would never dare stay there alone for long.
Fortunately, lan was not afraid of ghosts, because some of the people he had met were ten thousand times more terrifying than ghosts.
"Mr. Salvador! Are you in there? It's me!” lan called anxiously as he knocked on the door.
After a long pause, a faint voice came from inside, “Come in.......”
lan pushed the door open and froze in shock. The coffee table was littered with bottles of every kind of alcohol. Some were empty, while others were half-empty. One bottle had even rolled to a stop at his feet!
Only a dim floor lamp was on in the living room. Justin sat on the floor with his back leaning against the sofa.
He tilted his head back and poured red wine straight from the bottle into his mouth.
"Mr. Salvador! What are you doing?! With your condition, you can't drink like this!" lan shouted.
Furious and frightened at the same time, lan rushed forward and snatched the empty bottle from Justin's hand. Using all his strength, he helped his boss back onto the sofa.
lan said, "Dr. Larson has warned you countless times that his medicine can suppress your illness, but you mustn't drink or get emotionally unstable! If your central nervous. system collapses again, not even God can save you! Can't you have a little self-control, sir?!"
"I'm fine. My chest feels tight, that's all. I just wanted a drink." Justin closed his eyes wearily, his breath thick
with the scent of alcohol.
"A drink? You've practically emptied the entire bar! By the looks of it,
about to drink the cleani alcohol
too!"
lan hurriedly poured a cup of water and found two pills, helping Justin take them.
There was not much of Dr. Larson's medicine left.
While there was still a little left, lan needed to contact Arnold within the next few days for more. Otherwise, Justin's illness could spiral out of control at any time.
"Mr. Salvador, what happened? Why are you drinking yourself sick like this?" lan asked nervously.
“lan... my chest feels tight.” Justin, already half-drunk, thumped his chest with his fist.
lan was afraid Justin would hurt himself, so he quickly wrapped both hands around his boss's clenched fists. "What's going on? Did that bastard Grant bully you again?"
“Bella... Was it really worth playing this act so far?"
With his eyes half-lidded, Justin's gaze grew misty. "Tell me... Are you really still acting, or... Have you fallen
for him?”
lan froze.
Justin could not be referring to anyone else but Grant.
"Mr. Salvador... You never forgot Young Madam, right? You still love her, don't you?!" lan pressed on, pulling out his phone and recording the upcoming conversation ready to capture his boss's confession. 
But the only response he received was a soft, steady snore.
Justin had passed out drunk on the sofa, fast asleep.
###chapter2489
After taking care of Justin and putting him to sleep, lan left the bedroom and anxiously dialed Arnold's number in the living room.
The call barely rang a few times before Arnold picked up. The background was as noisy as always. "Mr. Harris, is something wrong with Mr. Salvador?"
Hearing Arnold's perceptive tone, lan—who was known for never calling without a reason-felt embarrassed. But he still politely asked, "Dr. Larson, Mr. Salvador's medicine is almost finished. Could you give us two more bottles?"
"So fast? I gave you three bottles last time!" Arnold was shocked.
He did not treat lan as an outsider and said bluntly, "Is Mr. Salvador treating my medicine like candy? I'm telling you, this kind of nerve suppressant damages both the nerves and kidneys. Too much of it harms the brain and sexual function. He might not get his little guy up in the future!"
"But there's no other way now! Mr. Salvador really can't function without the medicine. He could relapse anytime. If someone caught that on camera and spread it around, everything would be over!"
Desperate and reckless with words, lan blurted out, "Besides, Mr. Salvador's stamina is amazing. Even if he doesn't last long, he'll still be stronger than most men! The Young Madam is always exhausted after being with him. She might finally get some rest next time."
"Hahaha!" Arnold laughed, completely speechless.
"I don't have much of the medicine left either. The new batch is still under research at the lab in Meridan. This time, it should have less impact on the nervous system. Hopefully, it can help neutralize the remaining toxins in Mr. Salvador's body. I'll bring it over to him next week when it's ready."
lan expressed his gratitude repeatedly. "Thank you, Dr. Larson! Thank you so much!"
Meanwhile, in a noisy nightclub, Arnold ended the call and sat alone at a corner of the bar. He tilted his head back and downed another glass of liquor.
After leaving Asher, he had returned to this chaotic lifestyle. Only now, he no longer dated anyone, nor did he believe in love anymore.
That night, both men and women came to flirt with him. The faint scar on his face did not diminish his looks. Instead, it added a touch of ruggedness to his fox-like and refined features, making him even more alluring and mysterious.
Just as Arnold was about to leave, a man dressed in black suddenly sat down beside him. "Dr. Larson, what a coincidence."
Hearing a somewhat familiar voice, Arnold snapped his head around. His heart jolted violently as he recognized the man. "It's you?!"
It was Elio, the man who had once told him about Asher's deepest secret. He was the elder brother of Asher's dead lover.
Seeing that gloomy face, Arnold felt as though his heart was being bound by coils
of barbed wire, tightening and constricting until it could hardly beat.
Just then, his phone that was lying on the table began to ring.
On the screen, the caller ID showed Asher's name.
Arnold's heart tensed. He quietly flipped the phone over, hiding the screen.
But the motion did not escape Elio's eyes. With a faint, mocking smile, he said, "Aren't you going to answer Asher's call?"
"What's it to you?" Arnold's tone was ice-cold.
Though Elio had once told him about Asher and Kairos, that did not mean Arnold ever wanted to see him
again. “I'm not a three-year old, and I don't believe you're here by coincidence. What do you want, Mr. Valen?" 
"Dr. Larson, I heard you have your own pharmaceutical research lab in Meridan and that you're doing quit well for yourself. But lately, been @nning into some financial troubles." Elio motioned to the bartender for a glass of whiskey. 
Arnold's eyes darkened. "You investigated me? How did you know that? Who told you?"
"My boss is very interested in your
lab. He's also quite impressed by
your talent." Elio lifted his glass and took a leisurely sip. "My boss intends to invest in your lab Conter
Arnold frowned. "Who's your boss?"
ent
Elio swirled his glass, smiling with a trace of pride. "Mr. Grant Salvador from the Salvador Corporation."
###chapter2490
In that instant, Arnold felt a chill seep down his spine. Though he stood amid a noisy crowd, it was as if he were trapped inside a vacuum jar, utterly silent.
Elio said, "Mr. Salvador is a man who values talent. He admires you greatly. When he learned that you and I had this little connection, he specifically asked me to come find you to have a proper talk."
Elio gestured to the bartender for another drink, his eyes dark as he slowly slid the glass toward Arnold.
"Mr. Salvador has his own research institute in Meridan. Now that he's returned to Savrow, he intends to establish the largest and most advanced medical research institute in the nation, dedicated to advancing the cause of human medicine and gathering the brightest minds under one roof. He admires you deeply, Dr. Larson, so he sincerely hopes you'll join his cause. With Mr. Salvador's support, your lab's funding problems will be solved, but you could also—"
Before he could finish, Arnold suddenly grabbed the glass on the table and flung its contents straight into Elio's face.
Elio froze, his face pale, his hand gripping the table, and his jaw clenching with fury.
"I know perfectly well what Mr. Salvador is scheming," Arnold said coldly.
His foxlike eyes narrowed as he sneered. "He saw me fall out with Asher and thought he could reel me onto his pirate ship. He wants to use me as a pawn to drive a wedge between me and the Thompson family, right? That's almost funny. It looks like Grant isn't just evil. He's also delusional.
"That drink's on me. Now, get the hell out of my sight. Can't you tell how sick I am of seeing you?"
With that, Arnold left the bar counter, walking away without a backward glance, cool and unbothered.
Elio's eyes darkened as he stared at the man's retreating back. With a sharp crack, he crushed the glass in his bare hand.
"Arnold, I gave you a chance, but you didn't take it. So you have no one but yourself to blame!"
Arnold walked absentmindedly out of the bar with Elio's words echoing in his mind. His brows furrowed tighter.
Whether that man had been lying or not, he knew one thing for certain: Grant had eyes on him.
This was not a good sign.
It seemed he would have to leave Savrow as soon as possible.
Just then, his phone rang again.
Standing in the biting winter gale, Arnold hunched his shoulders, reached into his
coat, and pulled out his phone to check the screen.
It was Asher again. Each ring struck at his heart like a drumbeat.
The phone rang for a long while, with no sign of stopping.
Arnold's thumb hovered over the screen. He pressed his lips together and hesitated for several seconds before finally answering, "What is it?"
His voice carried no warmth.
"Dr. Larson, is this a good time? I hope I'm not disturbing you." Asher's gentle voice brushed faintly against his ear.
But the way Asher called him "Dr. Larson" was so proper and distant.
A sharp pain pricked Arnold's chest. Bitter bile rose in his mouth as he spat, "What do you want? Get to the point."
"I'm sorry. I wouldn't call unless it was truly urgent." Asher's tone was courteous, almost humble. "My father is ill. He's in the hospital right now, still in a coma."
Arnold's face tightened with concern. "I know. My aunt mentioned it to me."
Asher explained, "The other day,
Grant came to the hospital and gave Bella a box of new medicine, claiming it could help with my father's condition. It can't cure him, but it might help him survive th critical phase and perhaps even wake up sooner. As you know, the longer the coma lasts, the higher the
risk of brain necrosis or him
becoming a vegetative state."
"You actually dared to use medicine from Grant? Aren't you afraid he's poisoned
it? You people really are grasping at straws!" Arnold said helplessly while pinching the bridge of his nose.
"We've already tested the medicine. It's not poisonous. But we don't know whether long-term use might have any side effects on my father's body."
Asher sighed softly, his voice hoarse and heavy with exhaustion. "That's why I wanted to ask if you could help us analyze it to find out exactly what it is and whether it can cure my father." 
"Alright," Arnold replied after a pause, his tone flat. "Give it to Bella. Have her pass
it to me in the next couple of days."
That roundabout request was merely because Arnold still could not bring himself to see Asher in person.
Asher was silent for a moment, then murmured, "Alright."
"Is that all? I'm hanging up," Arnold said impatiently.
"Wait!" Asher called out, a hint of panic in his voice.
Arnold said nothing and just waited quietly.
"I can hear a strong gust from your end. Are you outdoors?" Asher asked
tentatively, cautious as if treading on glass.
"Yeah. Why?" Arnold's tone remained indifferent.
Asher said, “The weather forecast says there will be strong winds and a drop in temperature tonight. You've always hated the cold, so don't stay out for long. Go home early."
As if realizing he had overstepped, Asher hurriedly added, "I mean, it's fine if you don't want to go home. Just make sure you dress warmly, okay?"
The moment those words left Asher's lips, Arnold could no longer hold himself together and quickly hung up the call.
Arnold's eyes slowly reddened as he stared at the darkened screen, a soft blur of tears forming over them.
He remembered that Asher would always hold him close in weather like this back then. He would be
wrapped in that warm embrace net
their fingers laced together inside his coat pocket or pressed against Asher's chest. 
"Too bad... Those days are gone." Arnold sighed.
A bitter laugh escaped him. He tilted his head back, forcing his tears back. Then,
he took a long stride forward, vanishing swiftly into the cold, endless night.
###chapter2491
Three days later, at precisely 3:00 PM, the Salvador Corporation and KS Group were scheduled to hold a grand signing ceremony in the banquet hall of the Salvador Hotel.
Once the agreement was signed, it would officially mark the partnership of KS Group and the Salvador Corporation for the A5 project.
The moment the news broke, media outlets from all over flocked to the hotel, eager to attend the press conference.
Ten minutes before the event began, the hall was already ablaze with activity. Cameras, tripods, and microphones were aimed squarely at the stage. With the two powerhouse corporations joining forces, it was a grand spectacle.
After the host's opening remarks, Grant and Bella stepped gracefully onto the stage, one from the left, the other from the right.
In an instant, the pair was engulfed by a barrage of blinding flashes.
Dressed impeccably in a tailored suit, Grant gave Bella a faint, composed smile before pulling out her chair with gentlemanly poise.
Bella's long lashes trembled slightly, but she sat down with calm grace and confidence.
Though she knew the man was acting for the cameras, she was a seasoned businesswoman, perfectly capable of keeping her emotions hidden, just like her father, Wyatt Thompson.
Hushed whispers came from below the stage.
"Wow... Mr. Salvador is such a gentleman. He's the future heir of the Salvador Corporation and the eldest son of Chairman Salvador. Even with such a distinguished status, he personally pulls out Ms. Thompson's chair. He must really value this partnership!"
"Value the partnership? Please. He's clearly taken a liking to Ms. Thompson herself! No man can resist beauty!"
"Ms. Thompson used to be Justin Salvador's ex-wife, remember? They even reconciled for a while and almost remarried. But Grant Salvador doesn't seem to mind at all. He's still wooing her publicly. If he actually marries her one day, wouldn't it be awkward running into his brother at every family dinner?"
"Awkward? Hardly. Some queens of the past marry the father first, then the son after the father dies."
"These rich families sure are messy... Bella Thompson sure is something. Are the Salvador brothers the only men left in the world or what?"
It was supposed to be a momentous corporate event. Yet, as always, the public's fascination centered on gossip between men and women.
Even though Bella was a brilliant and capable business prodigy, she was simply too beautiful.
The public's eyes always drifted toward her looks, and many assumed that KS Group's success came not from her intellect but from her beauty and charm. The two sat side by side, poised beneath the relentless glare of the cameras.
This collaboration was of extraordinary importance. Steven, who had originally been granted a long leave to spend time with his wife and children, returned early to stand guard by his boss, Ms. Thompson.
Together, Steven and Grant's secretary carried the contract up to the stage, setting it respectfully before Bella and offering her a pen with both hands.
Bella lowered her lashes and gently removed the cap of the pen.
"Ms. Thompson!" Steven's eyes widened as he leaned in to whisper urgently.
Bella froze for a second, then glanced down.
She had pressed too hard that droplets of black ink had splattered across her pristine white dress it was a small accident, but it was still embarrassing. 
After all, in such a high-profile event, even the tiniest mistake would be magnified endlessly by the media.
She was not afraid of what people thought of her. But she was worried that an ungraceful moment might tarnish KS Group's image.
Bella furrowed her brows ever so slightly, but her expression soon steadied as she calmly finished signing the contract.
However, an uneasy feeling crept quietly up her chest.
"Ms. Thompson-to a pleasant partnership." Grant rose first, his manner polished as he extended his left hand courteously.
Bella hesitated for a heartbeat before rising to her feet as well. She thought, 'Oh well, let them take their pictures.'
Gossip was like the wind. It was loud for a moment before it vanished. Bella was also accustomed to it after all these years.
But what she had not expected was
that after their handshake, Grant skipped the part of the ceremony
where they were supposed to face the cameras for photographs. 
He kept his body slightly turned toward her, shielding her from the front view of
the reporters, eyes locked with hers.
Bella pressed her red lips together lightly, meeting his dark gaze that held the faintest smile.
It seemed he had noticed her predicament.
To spare her embarrassment, he had broken protocol, standing just so he was blocking the cameras from catching the front of her stained dress. 
The signing was complete, and the hall erupted into warm applause.
Outside the banquet hall, the corridor lay empty and still.
Justin stood with his back against the light, looking solitary and cold.
The noise and brightness within the hall stood in stark contrast to the silence and chill beyond the doors.
Justin stared at the screen on the wall, at the image of Bella shaking hands with Grant.
His broad shoulders sank, as though bearing the weight of a mountain.
###chapter2492
"Mr. Salvador." Ian walked up to him with a worried expression.
Justin quickly pulled back the emotions hidden in his shimmering eyes and forced himself to appear indifferent. "The signing ceremony went very well."
lan looked at the big screen, seeing the young madam looking radiant and graceful as she shook hands with Grant. They were the focus of everyone's attention.
A mix of emotions surged in his heart. “It's just a pity that the person standing opposite the young madam isn't you..."
Justin's long lashes trembled. His thin lips parted dryly. “As long as it benefits the Salvador Corporation, and the signing succeeds, it isn't important who signs with Ms. Thompson."
"Is it really not important?" lan asked.
“Mm.” Justin's Adam's apple bobbed. His voice was hoarse. “It's not important."
lan sighed helplessly, thinking that his boss sure was stubborn. "Mr. Salvador, didn't you say you wouldn't come today? Why did you suddenly change your mind?"
Justin withdrew his gaze and turned away expressionlessly. “No special reason. I was just bored, so I came to join the fun."
lan ground his teeth. “Mhmm, of course. Even though you're no longer in charge, you still have to show up in front of Grant and wave your presence around just to repulse him, right?"
Justin cast him a faint glance. "Do I look that repulsive?"
lan was speechless.
In truth, Justin came this time because he couldn't stop worrying about Bella. This signing was important, as it was her first major project that she had completed independently after leaving him.
He remembered that in the past, at moments like this, he was always there beside her, shielding her from any trouble and harm. Now, their relationship was no longer what it used to be, but old habits die hard. They were always awakened at critical moments, as if nothing had ever changed.
After the signing ceremony ended successfully, and after a short rest, Bella would be attending the celebration banquet Grant had prepared. It would be held in the grandest ballroom of the Salvador Hotel.
In truth, Bella was already exhausted, so she did not want to go. But she and Grant were the stars of this signing, and distinguished guests from both the political and business circles of Savrow would attend.
If Bella did not show up, it would be improper and impolite.
Besides, she and Grant were currently riding the momentum. If she suddenly did not show up, all the goodwill gestures she had made earlier would become meaningless.
"Ms. Thompson, are you alright?" Inside the hotel room, Steven handed Bella a cup of warm coffee looking worriedly at her slightly pale complexion. There are still two hours left. Why don't you take a short nap?" 
"It's alright, I'm not sleepy." Bella rubbed her aching temples.
She let out a helpless, bitter smile. "Honestly, finally understand my father now. I get how often he was forced into corners and how much of his life wasn't up to him because he needed to navigate between the political and business circles for the company." 
Steven nodded solemnly. "Yes, Chairman Thompson really had it tough. Half of Hatchbay's GDP comes from him Many people. see his success and glory, but they don't know how difficult it was for him to get to where he is." 
Bella could not resist teasing. “They also see that he has a bunch of wives.”
"Young Miss, you're still so sharp-tongued." Steven laughed helplessly.
Suddenly, he remembered something and said with delight, “Oh, when I sent you upstairs earlier, I think I saw Justin!"
Bella's beautiful eyes widened slightly. Her heart trembled, but she forced herself into a disinterested expression. “Today's signing has nothing to do with him. What is he doing here?"
"What else could he be doing? Of course, he's worried about you!" Steven knelt on one knee beside Bella, looking up at her with eyes full of joy. “I'm certain that you've slowly melted his ice-cold heart!"
The Novel will be updated first on this website. Come back and continue reading tomorrow, everyone!

